V ,QV. . tj. iil.Ifii' iwimtii'frV'sn f. " a y?m &&$&-JPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN- THE YEAS.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURftON OUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 31. 1921k. . fe iB' kv HA. mL.bUUKBUfTIfi- 1'-TTrCEXISTIAN fHTOCH XEVIVlALThe Kellums-Richards revival inprogress at the Christian Church isgoing on with great enthusiasm, andbeing attended by very large crowds;who listen to every Temark by Rev.Kellums with the very closest attention. Sunday morning and eveningthe church was taxed to its utmostto accommodate the crowds.Hv. Kellums sermon Sundaymorning on "The Lord's Supper,"and Sunday evening on "Baptism,"were two of the strongest sermonsever delivered in Paris, and metwits, a hearty response, many coming forward to unite with thechurch. It is the general opinionthat every sermon Rev. Kellumspreaches is better than the one preceding. Up to Sunday night there had beenone hundred and nfty-eight additions to the congregation. Themeeting will continue through nextSunday. There is a baptismal service nearly every evening, and it is-always most impressive.One of the most pleading features-of the meeting is that so many cfthe young people of the city andcounty making confession are ofages ranging from sixteen to twentyone. Sunday morning a section ofthe church will be reserved for allwho have joined during the meeting.Be sure to be on hand. Wednesdayevening the Men's Chorus will furnish xhe music.The congregational singing atboth services Sunday was most enjoyable and inspiring. It is expectedthat the two hundred mark will bei cached by Sunday. The topics forthe week will be as follows:Tuesday night, "What ChurchShall I Join?" Wednesday night,"Oririn of The Different Denominations;" Thursday night, "The Scriptural Heart and How It is Changed;"Triday night, "Can a Man Be SavedOutside The Church?" Sunday morning, "A New Creature In Christ."(This is the service at which a section will be reserved for those whohave joined the church during themeeting); Sunday night. "ChristianUnion."If you are missing these servicesyou are depriving yourself of a greatpleasure. It is seldom that an evanrpi ?cf ?c found who can enthuse andhold his audiences with strictly doc-.trmal preaching as does Rev. Kellums. Many people from a distancewere noticed in the congregation"Sunday evening." The Sunbeam Choir is doing somefine singing and it is greatly enjoyed.One of xhe most pleasing and beautiful features of the meeting was thecornet and saxophone duet, "Whispering Hope." Sunday evening, oyWilliam Talbott and Dr. Harry.Mathers. The Male Quartette alsosang, "We Are Going Pown The Valley." Help make this week the best ofthe meeting!IMHilllMMIIIIIIIHIIIllMlllllllllllMIIIMHll! KRANK&CO.LADIES OUTFITTERS? a-& xDON'TOVERLOOKTHESETaffeta CharnieuseTricoletteand Wool JerseyDRESSEStSp5"SWOP AT HOME"p.R A N Kr & ; CBdLADIES' OUTFITTERSftMiMMMIIIMIIIiMlillMiililltrMninilHKNIGHTS OP COLTTMBUS HAVELARGE DTITUTIONA large crowd, equalled in numbersonly by the delegation which attended the installation of P. I. McCarthy Council in this city abouttwo years ago, was in Paris, Sunday,to witness the initiation of a classof seventy-three novices into themysteries of the order.The day's exercises hegan withcelebration of mass at the Church ofthe Annunciation, at 9:30 o'clock,conducted by Rev. Father O'Hare,the pastor, assisted by visiting ministers of the church. At, ten o'clockthe candidates assembled at the K. ofC. Hall, on Main street, where theywere enrolled. The first degree wasconferred on the candidates at eleveno'clock, the work being put on atthe Masonic Temple by the degreeteam from Bluegrass Council, of Lexington. At 1:30 p. m. the seconddegree was conferred on the candidates by the same team at the sameplace. At 3:30 p. m. they weregiven the third degree by J. J. Donovan and staff, of Ludlow. The classwas composed of 32 from Paris andBourbon county, 32 from Falmouth,six from Cynthiana, two from Mt.Sterling, and orfe from Lexington.At 6:30 p. m. a sumptuous banquet, prepared by the Ladies Aid Society of the church, was served inthe basement, about four hundredguests being present. During tnebanquet a musical program was rendered by the Bourbon Orchestra.The banquet room was beutifullydecorated and presented a brilliantsight, with the bright lights, fairwomen and the tasteful decorarations. The menu served comprised the following: Entrees; Bourbon old ham; roast young chicken,Kentucky dressing; creamed potatoes; petit pois in timbales, withchampignons; tomato salad ; ThousandIsland dressing; hot rolls; brickcream; individual cakes; coffee;mints; cigars; cigarettes.Rev. Father William O'Hare, pastor of the Paris church, presided astoastmaster, doing the honors gracefully. Rev. Link, of Cincinnati, whowas formerly stationed at Paris,spoke on the subject,. "The ValiantKnight;" Hon. Al. G. Krebs, of Covington, on "Christopher ColumbusCrossing The Sea," and Hon. Chas.E. Purdy, of Covington, on "Knightsof Columbus In 1921." The addresses were brilliant and witty, evokinglong and loud applause from the delighted hearers.FOR GRADUATIONNEW SHORT MODEIS, "EVERSHAEP PENCILS," $1.00 AND UP-Ci7-tf)SHIRE & nTHIAN.PEELED PEACHES AT PRE-WARPRICES.Blue Ribbon Brand of peeled evaporated peaches at 20 cents per pound.Can you beat it?(It) C. P. COOK & CO.-i- yaHmyfrfc vVkf fcw i,i 4K k-t-V-vI.(5 U;&vAl-fiMFIREBUGS ATTEMPT TO BURNBOURBON HOMEOne of the most mysterious casesof attempted arson that has come tothe 'attention of the authorities wasreported to the police and the countyauthorities late Thursday night,when they were informed by a telephone message of an attempt madeby firebugs to destroy the home 3fMr. and Mrs. S. J. Bagby, on theClintonville road, one mile fromParis.Mr. Bagby, who is an engineer onthe Louisville & Nashville, was onduty that night, and away fromhqme. His wife and children werein Paris, the former attending ameeting of the order of the EasternStar in the Masonic Temple. Ontheir return home, Mrs. Bagby, onapproaching the house, saw a lightshining from one of the windows,and, getting closer, discovered smokeissuing from it. She hurriedly summoned neighbors, who entered thehome, and found an attempt had hadbeen (made to fire the place, 'rnefloors, bedding, furniture and clothing in the house had been thoroughlysaturated with kerosene, and a matchapplied. . But for the timely arrivalof Mrs. Bagby the home would havebeen destroyed entirely. The flames,which were just starting up, wereextinguished.Fortunately all the doors and windows had been securely closed before the occupants left the home, andthere was no chance for a draughtto fan the incipient flames. It wasthought the fiends who had done thework had secured a key to the home,and entered and left by the frontdoor. Capt. V. G. Mullikin, of Lexington, -was summoned and came tothe scene with his bloodhounds. Thedogs were "unable to find a satisfactory trail, due to the fact that somany persons had entered the doorand congregated in the front yardbefore their arrival, and the chasewas abandoned.The authorities are still workingon the case, in hopes of strikingsomething that will eventually leadto the detection of the perpetratorsof the crime. They are of the opinion that it was the work of someonewho had a grudge against the family,as a number of valuables left in plainview were not disturbed and nothingwas taken from the house.Fire, Wind and Ughtning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANCOMMERCIAL CLUR NOTESRudolph Davis will be the generalissimo of the good fellowship tourin which the business men of Pariswill visit every community in Bourbon county in the near future. J'hisaccording to Mr. Davis, will be one ofthe biggest events from Bourboncounty in near future, the result cfwhich wjjl be to create a strongerrelationship betewen the people ofParis and Bourbon county.Mr. Davis has called a meeting for7:30 Thursday night, to m held atthe court house, to make full preparations for the trip. He wants allbusiness and professional men, infact, all persons interested in makingthe event a big success, to be onhand Thursday evening. Eventhough no definite plans have beenmade for the trip, interest is alreadyat high pitch among the merchantsof the city who believe this willmean much in promoting both business and fellowship. At the meetingThursday night, Mr. Davis will perfect his organization and he is particularly anxious that a large number attend the meeting.The Paris Commercial Club willsend three representatives to Covineton to-morrow to attend themeeting there in the interest of theLicking Valley and Bluegrass Highway. Rudolph Davis, John J. Witliams and William E. Hacker will attend and any others interested areinvited to accompany them. At thelast meeting in the interest of thisroute, neia at uynuuaiw,several weeks ago, a largedelegation made the trip in automobiles from here. The meeting Wednesday will be held under the auspices of the Covington IndustrialClub. Lunch will be served at noonto all the guests and the good roadsboosters will meet directly afterlunch. Recent reports indicate thatmuch progress is being made in theimprovement of the Bluegrass route,which is now carrying practically alltraffic from Cincinnati south, andthe boosters are confident that, regardless of the improvements contemnlate'd on the Djixie Highway,that the Bluegrass. Highway willeventually be the 'main artery oftravel through this section of thcountry. t-oWHY- WORRYABOUT A GRADUATION OR WEBDING GIFT? WE HAVE' A COMPLETE LINE OF SILVERWARE,NOVELTIES IN .JEWELRY, DIAMONDS. MESH RAGS AND CIGARETTE CASES. WHICH WILL SOLVEANY PROBLEM.20-2t THE A. J. WHTTERS CO.WINS IMPORTANT CASEAt Bettyville last week in the caseof Wm. BriggsTs. the Director-Generalof Railroads, a damage suit, averdict tt or $15,000 in' favor of Briggswarf brought Jn Jby the; jury. Thft casefor the plaintiff was handled by Robt.C, Talbott, of Parig, .rejresentims thelegal rm of Frakklia, TalbottChannan.2B0MINENT TOBACCO MAN DIESu SUDDENLYSilas Shelburne. aeed ahmit aov.enty-five, one of 'the best-known tobacco warehouse men in Central Kentucky, died suddenly in his office attne corner of South TtrnaHWav .Pine street, in Lexington, Fridaynight. Mr. .Shelburne hart Haotlooking over some business m iterand was seen, by Thomas Slater, to baapparently suffering great pain. Apuysician was summoned, but Mr.Shelburne died before he arrived.ue was a native of Virginia. Hecame to Lexington in 1904 and builtme secona loose ieat warehouse inthe city, which was located at SmithBroadway and Hayman avenue. Laterne sold that warehouse and built thftShelburne warehouse at .South Broadway and Pine street, being residentof the company that owns it.Mr. Shelburne is said to have enjoyed the distinction of having sold(more tobacco than any other man inthe world.When" he wasa youth of about 17years, Mr. Shelburne left his home nVirginia, and enlisted in the Confederate army under General Jackson,fighting through the rest of the warwith him. He always enjoyed telling experiences of his war days inhis characteristic jovial manner.Mr. Shelburne is survived by twochildren, his son, Victor, and Mrs.Ethel Armstead, Roanoke, Virginia.Mrs. Shelburne died several yearsago. Mr. Shelburne has one brotherliving, who makes his home in Texaswhere he edits a Teligious paper.Accompanied by his son, VictorShelburne, of Washington, NorthCarolina, and W. L. Petty, representative of the Lexington TobaccoBoard of Trade, the body was takenSaturday, to Richmond, Va., wherethe funeral and interment took placeyesterday.oBOURBON COUNTY REPUBLICANCOMMITTEE MEETSThe Bourbon County RepublicanCommittee met at the court houseSaturday afternoon, with CountyChairman W. A. Thomason presiding,and Winn Hutchcraft acting as secretary.While a few names were mentionedas possible candidates, from variousprecincts the ticket was not completed. On motion of Stamps Moore, acommittee of five, composed of Jas.Shea, C. P. Rice, Jos. -D. Booth,Qumcy Mahoney and Chas. P. Mannwere appointed to canvass the countyand select a ticket comprising candidates for all 'the offices, and report at a later meeting to be held.Chairman Thpmason strongly urgedthe selection of a number of ex-service men as candidates.OCCASIONALLY YOU ITND A HSHThat exeactely describes fishinghere. And every Kentuckian knowshaw this State has passed from thegreatest fish and game section inAmerica to one of almost completedepletion. vCollins, the historian, speaks of thefirst law passed An Kentucky as a law"prohibiting the killing of buffalowithin two hundred yards of a settlement." The Bourbon Fish and Game Clubrepresents the first attempt in Keutucky to restock streams by privatemeans.If the sportsmen and landholdershere makeOthis movement a successit will spread throughout the Bluegrass at least, and give back our "natural resources that other generationsof Kentuckians most delighted to enjoy. The first thing the new Club wantsto accomplish is the adequate restocking of Bourbon county streams.Catesby Spears, who led the movement, hopes that 25,000 young fishcan be obtainpd for this purpose, andAyelette BucKner, president of 'theClub, saysthere are enough truesportsmen ln Bourbon county tomake this possible. , The first objectof the Club will be to get togethersuch men as Mr. Buckner mentioned.oSALUTE EDITOR-IN-CHIEF POSTER MITCHELL.Foster V. Mitchell, of Paris, graduate of the 1919 class of Paris HighSchool, who is a member of theSophomore Class at Transylvania College, has been chosen as editor-in-chiefof The Crimson Rambler, official college publications Mr. Mitchell was a member of the class in journalism at Transylvania, and was amember of the Crimson Ramblerstaff before his elevation to a higherrank. THE NEWS congratulatesboth Mr. Mitchell and The Crimson.Rambler.oFIX GRASS SEED STRIPPINGPRICES.A well attended meeting of thoseinterested in the bluegrass seed industry in Bourbon county, was heldSaturday in the office of the Bourbon County Farm Bureau, in thecourt house. A maximum price forharvesting of the present crop wasfixed at $6.00, of which $3.50 willbe paid to the "raker" of gatheringmachines and $2.50 to drivers. Itwas also agreed that the maximumprice" to be paid "stirrers" should be$2.50. The seed, harvesting willwill, probably .begin this week.DECORATION DAT BALL GAMEThe Paris Ruggles team defeatedthe Versailles Club yesterday at theSecond street park, by a score of ITto 11. In on fnning a Paris playertallied two home runs. ; A good, sizedcrowd was in'. attendance and witnessed 'a one-sided' but interestingjfamer - , !COMMERCIAL CLUB NOTESThe Retail Merchants' Bureau ofthe Paris Commercial Club is drafting preliminary plans for a "good fellowship tour" throughout Bourboncounty, which. It is expected, will beinaugurated within the next, fewweeks. "The purpose of the tour,"according to John F. Davis, directorof business affairs of the CommercialClub, "will be to promote a strongerrelationship between the businessmen of Paris and the various commnities of Bourbon county. We wantto extend to them the 4h and of fellow-ship and convince themthat thebusiness men of Paris are interestedin the development of the whole jcounty.Rudolph Davis has been assignedto the chairmanship and. will perfect the necessary organization in afew days. A feature of the trip,according to preliminary arrangements, will be a parade in Paris, before the departure of the boosters.. Trade in some sections of Bourboncounty has for many years been absorbed by other towns in their immediate vicinity, due principally to theapparent apathy of Paris merchants,and it is to correct this state of affairs that the Commercial Club willendeavor to put into execution their"trade-at-home" methods and inducethe trade that rightfully belong tomerchants of these places to remainwith them."Keep 'Em Smiling," a playgroundfilm produced by Community Service,Inc., of New York, will be shown at.ithe local moving picture theatresFriday, June 3. Mr. Sprake, thelocal manager, has 'kindly consented to run this aT a feature of theregular show. The activities shownhave taken place all over the country, and show the little tots in suchvaried activities as playing in thesand box and listening to stories being told by story tellers dressed asgypsies. The "Shoestring Catch" asdemonstrated in baseball is one ofthe unique features in the film. Allthe activities shown are interestingand appeal very strongly to the imagination of old and young.THE BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gn Club held itsregular shoot last Friday afternoon.Thirty-nine shooters faced thetraps with the wind taking -a' prominent part. Raising, the- little claytargets jumping every way. T,his wasthe best shoot this year in every respect, and caused- the -'hottest contest since the. club started over ayear ago. Eight shooters, -tied forthe first shoot-off, sixvfor the second, tfrtree for the. thirjd, and twofor the fourth. James, M. Caldwellwas finally returned the 'winner withWm. Wornall as runner-up. Caldwell broke 95 out of his last 100.The trophy was a case of shells donated by Dave E. Clark and W. F.Link. Next regular shoot" Friday,June 10. Visitors are always welcome. Score. "Shot at BrokeJames M. Caldwell 175 161Wm. Wornall, Jr 150Woodford Buckner 125James R. Pendleton 10013510880696766646360606057434947John Shropshire 75Clarence Kenney 75J. W. Bell 75Amos Turney 75W. S. Haggard .. 75.Fred Burgin 75H. M. Roseberry 75Dr. Wm. Kenney ,. 75Walter Kenney, Sr 75Dr. J. W. Kiff 75,Woolford Henderson . . .59J. Q. Ward 50Alfred Clay. .v 50H. O. Skinner . 50Alyette Buckner . . 50Catesby Woodford, Jr. . . . 50J. G. Denney 50Sam Clay 50Victor Dodge jW.K.Ferguson 50'Matt Lair - 50A. B. Perkins 50J. B. Smith 50Tno Tinvics. Jr 504514542442S3837.36563635343454SI2927242018Richard Jones .. .- 5Q.Roxie Dans '.. . ovHF BiSStv. v "-12.James L. Dodge 50Clarence Thomas . . 50J. E. WilsonClay BedfordDr. R. R. McMillan ....J W. FergusonE. W. GlassWm. B. Xrdery-"Visitor.502525252515 ;14 1DON'T OVERLOOK THESETATEETTA, CHARMEUSE, TRICOLETTE, AND WOOL JERSEYDRESSES, AT $15.50FRANC & CO.vvw m m eT TvrrT O J TXTCTOIT)VlSinjiLJiilJ DUJUUUaRO nmMAY 29-JUNE 4.Governor Morrow has issued thefollowing call for the recognition ofthe week of May 29 as Disabled Soldiers' Week: "The National Disabled Soldiers' League has set apartthe week of May 29 as Disabled Soldiers' Week. It is desired that thisweek be called to the attention ofall patriotic organizations. It ishoped during the week people of theState will give earnest thought andconsideration to their obligation tothe disabled soldiers; to those whobore7 the bunt of war for u and whothrough their Service and sacrifice,are left maimed, broken and disabled.Especially the citizens of the Stateshould renumber these heroes amithe dutyvOf the -Nation to preservethose who preserved us."MoCOMBS OH i WMOIWt FtGUILTY.aT,rfhAKMcLluSlllin' of NewTorkJand Abram Renick, pf Winchesterdirectors of the McCombs Oil Colpany, were found guilty on 13 comtffof using the mails in a scheme to efraud, by a jury in the TTtH .-District Court, at Louisville, wMcfcreiurnea us verdict soon after resuming deliberation at 2 o'clock Saturday. Immediately following announce-'ment of the verdict James P. idwards, of counsel for the defense 'moved that the defendants be' dismissed of the fifteen charges of conspiracy to defraud, contending thatit had been quashed when JudgeEvans instructed the government atthe outset of the trial to elect onwhat charge ia would prosecute. Themotion was overruled.W. W. Crawford, of counsel for thedefense, asked for a new trial. Ifotidn on this question will be heardto-day, the same day that McLaughlin and Renick are scheduled to bsentenced by Judge Evans.The penalty for the offense ofwhich the two oil men were foundguilty is a fine of not more than$ 2,0 00 or not more than five yearsimprisonment or both for eachcount.ONE CENT SALETHE REXALL ONE CENT SALENOW GOING ON AT VARDEWSDRUG STORE.o"OH, NO! WETIE NOT SIGHTINGTOBACCO!"That the use of tobacco is "thedeadliest curse of the American nation to-day," and that the deadliestof all articles is "a little roll of paper called the cigarette," was thedeclaration of Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp, of Lexington. State presidentof the Women's Christian Temperance Union, before convention sessions of the district organization fWhite Ribbon workers at Paducah."Women of the W. C. T. TT., don'tflicker on this tobacco question ISave those who use tobacco from, thiscurse of the defilement of the tepipleof God! Liquor was a curse; tobaccois a greater curse. The deadliest ofall things is the deadly little cigareette. A 'cigarette fiend will invariably lie and steal, it has been provedby eminent authority," the speakerdeclared in her attack on tobacco.REDUCTION SALEBE SURE TO ATTEND THE33 1-3 PER CENT. REDUCTION AT'THE STYLE SHOP.fei!We Know HowThe Latest ShowingOFSTRAW HATSTSilk SocksLadies' Silk HoseWash TiesFlannel TrousersAll)f the above arequality goods of standard makes.If you want the bestsummar goods at theright prices, see us.See Window Display!"We Know How"IVSILKSHIRTSLIGHT-WEIUNDERWEARMITCHELL &BLAKEMORE" T2aess)Si swlsisr x SSscNstHttait Sliess -&t11 ' i'--i 1 rm mrnrn 1 n B-SBMHT . m ,'J f - A ITUMDAT. MAT SI. If 21IK HmRBON NEWSMaUi Ml ttll 4f Tears of Ctmtfeu PuUitctlt.Uiakai Ivorr Taesto am Iriiurfat Ytar...00T- Xt&Hu. 4100ItgraUe im Aivaaoe.sunivE cemmohial oleta!wht ctoncr, na mCutout at tfae Paris, Ktntucky,ForttOeo a Mail Matter C taoCiasa.)TOlEKrK EEPEESEKT1-TEffi&Btw Ttrk American Press Am4Jfciv T-nrd A Thomas.Pfcflaielphia N. W. Ayers 6 Som.Atkata Xasteagale AdT. Agcaoy.Ciadanati Blaine-Thompioii Co.IoiisTille--Lowniaxi-Miillican Co.ADVBRTISING RATMS 'Diaplay Advortiiomenta, 11.00 porlack tor tat timo; 50 oenta par inoUMk nbawiMat inawUoa.ROTj-r Notices. lOvcnU per llnatcfc kfttt; reading notices in black2jM, 20 centi par Una, aacn iaaua.Carta of thanks, calls on candlSate, obituaries and rasolatlons. andaimilar matter, 10 cents par line.gpeoiaL rates for lata adrerttsaaate and yearly eontraaU.The right of publisher is reaaxTeddeelima any advertiaojntat or other(matter lor publication.Announcements for political officesuiat invariably be accompanied bym cask.Any erroneous reflection upon themaracter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlyorreeted if brought to attention ofthe editor.-TIMPLE XEXX TODAYThe Supreme Ceremonial of OleikaTemple, Nobles of the Mystiic Shrine,will be held at the Woodland Auditorium in Lexington, on Friday,June 3. A large class of noviceswill "crosB the burning sanas atthis Ceremonial, and attain the Mecca beyond. Recorder Thos. L. Joneshas sent out handsomely-printedbooklets .announcing the Ceremonialand the "program, the latter embracing the following features: Novicesreport to Recorder at Masonic Temple, on North Broadway, at 10:00 a.m.; Noonday dinner at tne .Broadway Christian church, for Novicesand Nobles only, Nobles to (meet atthe Temple at 11:30 a. m.; paradestarts from the church, corner ofBroadway and Second, to the Auditorium, at 1:30 p. m.; Business sessionat Auditorium at 2:00 p. m.; Ceremonial session 2:30 p. -m.; Comjmittee will entertain visiting ladies;Dance at Phoenix Hotel ball roomfrom 8:30 p. m. to 12:00. Noblesand their ladies only. Admission" bygreen-and-white card. Paris Nobles1 and their ladies will attend the Cer-lemonial, which Potentate Chester D.Adams and Recorder Thos. L. Jonessay will be one of the most interesting ever held.o(JUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing Habit.H VJ1jFor SaleTruck; bargain;price. One-ton$226.00.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.(6may-tf)No-To-Bac has helped thousands tobreak the costly, nerve-shattering tobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a smoke or chew justplace a harmless., No-To-Bac tabletin your mouth instead. All desirestops. Shortly the habit is completely broken, and you are better offmentally, physically, financially. It'sso easy, so simple. Get a box of No-To-Bacand if it doesn't relea'se youfrom all craving for tobacco in anyform, your druggist will refund yourmoney without question. (adv)For RentThree niceiy-furnished rooms withbath, at 407 Pleasant ' street.MRS. CARL CRAWFORD,(27-2t) Cumberland Phone 546.vPublic Sale of Baby Farm!Saturday, June 4, 1921, at lfc30 a.Acting as agents for Messrs. Taljfctt & Cleveland, we are sjesBSj 6sell on the above date one of the most attractive small farsns im BovrsomCounty. It is one of the best propositions offered in a long time for thefollowing reasons:IT. S.PRESBYTERIANS FOR ORGANIC UNION.EDITORIAL IHNGS OP THIS.THAT EN TOTHERTMnw that the bathine season isclose at hand, Dr. Welch's "fourgarment" girls will only have totake off one of them when they goin the water.Gov. Morrow says we must quitpatching our roads. The Governor iswrone. We must begin patchingour roads like we do our trousers tomake them last longer."It is positively wicked to wearshoes with pointed toes," says awriter upon physical culture. In1522 there should be a nationalcampaign lor the institution of prohibition of shoes with pointed toes,even for personal use.Nowadays a bill for having an auTYinhno nvprhauled convinces theowner that the fellow who made itout was influenced by reading thereports of what the French thinkGermany can pay in the way of reparations.One great advantage of the parimutuals at a race track is that aman can lose enough in the afternoon to jmake a good excuse whenhis wife wants to drag him to abridge party at which he will losehalf a night's sleep in addition togood hard cash.In the Biblical times a man whofelt blue rended his garments, putsackcloth and ashes upon himselfand gnashed his teeth. In similarcircumstances a wise man nowadaysconserves his garments, sifts hisashes and. is extremely careiui noi1 to incur avoidable dentists bills.Job was a patient man, but heshould have lived to see a bunch ofParis fishermen lined up at the milldam of the Paris Milling Co., andon the banks of Stoner waiting forthe fish to bite and permitting flies,gnats and mosquitoes to bite andcalling .sunset the end of a -perfect. day.'The new reformers fell us" theyare only after betting, and not racingor the breeding industry. The pro-hibitionists :were only after the lowsaloon, 'they said, hut they wentahead and took the whole shootingjaiatch. And then the anti-tobaccocampaigners presumably, wanted toput the cigarette out of business", butit is a fact they will want to includeall forms of tobacco, just like therest. "A cynical Paris business manwants to know why the, Paris Commercial Club isn't more interested, in the matter of securing new business enterprises, Icwer freight andexpress rates, and other businessnecessities for Paris than in playgrounds, tennis, courts and community service. There has been considerable sneculation along this line.This business man has asked a verypertinent question, seemingly.Says a student of the proper studyof mankind: "A joaan who cannotread or write may be as intelligent,'as a man who can read and write."'A man who cannot read or writeshould realize his mental superiorityif someone should lash him to a treeaid read aloud to him a typical best'teller. Aid strange to say, there arewho" can neither read or writewho have large bank accounts!0 0 0v "I'm worried to death about myyowag friend. Will," said a promiittat youac society woman to ajrmWft fream the other day. -"Well,Determination to insist upon nothing less than actual union with theother branches of the Presbyterianchurch was expressed at the 133rdGeneral Assembly of the Presbyterianchurch in the United States held atWinona Lake, Indiana. Speakers declare that proposals for closer co-operationwith the other brancheswere useless and that efforts shouldbe now made for an organic union.Discussion of the question ofchurch union was followed by debateon the question ofreorganization andconsolidation of 'the various boardsand agencies in the church. 'Resolutions adopted instructed themoderator to send a message to theassembly of the Presbyterian churchin the United States of America(Southern) in session at St. Louis,expressing the desire of the assemblyfor the real union of the Presbyterianand Reformed churches and also expressing hope that the assembly ofthe Southern branch of the churchmay take such action as will not onlypromote closer relations, but also willsecure reunion of the two bodies.oBOURBON MEN ON FEDERALCOURT JURIES.Embarrassing MamtntThe car was crowded and as weneared our destination my cousin andI decided to make our way toward thedoor. I suddenly missed my purse, sowe started back through the car tolook for it A number of people helpedus in the hunt, and ithen a womansaid: "Why, your purse is hangingon your, umbrella." I should haveliked to have made an exit throughthe nearest window. Chicago Trib-INGROWN TOENAILSweet Potato PlantsPorto. Rico and Nancy Halls. Fineplants. 200 for $1.00; &00 S1.75;1,000 $2.75, by mail postpaid. Express collect $2.00 per M. Tomatoplants same price. Plant circularfree.FRUITVALE NURSERIES,(20-4t) Albany, Alabama.Toughen Skin And Nail Turns OutItself.A few drops of "Outgro" upon theskin surrounding the ingrowing nailreduces inflamation and pain and sotoughens the tender, sensitive skinunderneath the flesh, and the nailturns naturally outword almost overnight."Outgro" is a harmless antisepticmanufactured for chiropodist. However, anyone can buy from the drugstore .a tiny bottle containing directions. lait-TjPlaning MillWe are prepared to do all kindsof planing mill work.Window Screens, Door Screens andodd work a specialty.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON,Paris, Ky.E. T. Phone 711.Home Phone 510.(T-tf)The June term of the United StatesDistrict Court will convene in Lexington, Monday, June 13, for an extended session. The docket is anunusually large one. Federal JuryCommissioner C. N. Manning, onTuesday, drew the names of twentymen for grand jurors and petitjurors to serve at that term. Thefollowing were selected from Bourbon county:Grand Jurors John (S. .Talbott,North Middletown; Sam Weathers,Clintonville; Ed. Wagoner, Millersburg. Petit Jurors Jno. W. Young, Jr.,North Middletown; John M. Brennan, Roy Turner, John Larue, Thos.Gilmore, John M. Hall and J. T.Martin, Paris."Writar'a Cramp."Writer's cramp has been defined asan occupation-neurosis, to which thosewho do too much writing, especiallywith the hand too tightly ebntracttd,are especially liable. A person withthis trouble has not complete eentoolover the muscles of the thamb and middle and fore fingers, aHaough othermanual operations ar psrfoesaed witfcMt difficulty. The affeeHea seldommanifests itself till toward middle ageDissolution NoticeThe partnership heretofore existing between L. H. Mulfinger and T.Hough, doing business under thefirm name of T. Hough & Co., hasbeen dissolved by mutual consent. T.Hough' retiring. I will not be responsible in the future for bills contracted in the name of the abovementioned firm.(6-lmo) L. H. MULFINGER.FOR SALENice Close-in Cottage !BIGCUT IN RAILROADWAGES SOON-MEN'SLm Expectancy sf Lift.It has been authoritatively statedthat the expectation of life for mengnd women who have passed 40 hasactually decreased and is steadily deteasing. ,We have for immediate sale, anice, cozy cottage on the Bethlehempike, only mile froim the tractionline'. Place contains three acres ofgrass land, shade trees, hen house,and other out-buildings. Owner cangive possession in ten days, or le3S.This kind of property is in demandand will sell quickly. Better hurry.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.Agents.(27-2t)It is-aApart'of the-6I(FF. P. Clar nlace. containing 15 acres at midBluegrass land that will raise anything. On it is a handsome 2-storyframe resiilehce, .practically new, containing 8 roosss, hath, newly papered and painted, piped for gas and wired for electricity, large, drycellar, good cistern at door and is modern in every respect and is only3 miles from city limits of Paris, on Georgetown pikeOn the place is 'a nice double garage, large stock hara, a great variety of healthy bearing fruit trees.The place is one of the best located places in the county, close toschools, churches and excellent neighborhood.Terms reasonable and made known on day of Sale.Further particulars may be had from owners or ' f ''Harris, Speakes & Harris,GEO. B. SPEAXES, Auctioneer. KEAITOBS, Paris, Ky.(27-3t)A Delightful Home BrewWe have at our Paint Store on South Main Street something whichmay be used in the most temperate homes with safety, as there is "NoKick" whatever in the ingredients of which it is composed, and if afterusing one gallon of same as directed, no improvement can be seen, wawill gladly refund your money. Since March first, past, we have soli tothe good people of Bonrbon County over Four Thousand, Five HundredGallons of this mixture, to be used at their homes, and so far have nothad a complaint.'Come in and let us tell you about it.The Templin Paint and Roofing Co.Try Our Composite RoofingNone Better; Few as Good(aprill-tf-T)JordProducing 4,000 Cars a DayThe rates of pay and classificationsestablished by the Railroad LaborBoard's wage award of July, 1920,will be use as the basis of reductionswhen the board hands down itsnew wage decision on June 1, it waslearned. The board has arrived attentative, percentages which will cutthe present rates frpm 10 to 15 percent., according to the class of employes affected.When the' wage reduction decisionis made next week it will followclosely the form of decision No. 2,which granted the $600,000,000 increase a year ago. Tne ciassinca-ition of employes will remain nearlythe same, some slight changes beingmade in' certain clerical divisions.No estimate of the number of employes affected nor of the total slicein the railroads' payroll has yet beenmade by the Board, but figures discussed in railroad circles place thecut at between $450,000,000 and$500,000,000. Epaployes of nearly100 Toads twill be included in theboard's decision of June 1 and it wassaid that the percentage of reduction for each class of labor would beuniform for all roads.A ResolutionAUTHORIZING E. B. JANUARYAS MAYOR OF THE CITY OFPARIS TO WITHDRAW ALCOHOL FOR THE USE OF THE W.W. MASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL yVND TO EXECUTE ALLAPPLICATIONS REQUIRED BYTHE COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE FOR APERMIT TO PROCURE ALCOHOL FREE OF TAX IN QUANx TITIES NOT TO EXCEED ONEBARREL OR FIFTY GALLONSAT A TIME, AND TO EXECUTESUCH BONDS AND OTHERPAPERS AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY SAID COMMISSIONER IN ORDER TO SECURESUCH ALCOHOL.Big FurnitureAuctionwhat's the trouble?" inquired thesympathetic newspaper man. "Wellthe cause of my worry is this. He isvery much in love with a prettyParis girl, but says in these days ofcosmetics he is uncertain whethershe is a new girl or just an old onepainted over." THE NEWS mancouldn't do anything but offer sympathy. The other day a typical specimenof the prevailing style of undressedchicken came out of a self-startingrestaurant on Main street and caused even the staid old shock troopsof Main street to register surpriseand admiration. She wore one ofthose bolster-slip skirts, Scotchlength (showing the knees when sheboarded an automobile) and thewaist, blouse, or whatever- you callthose thingumbobs covering the torsoof the modern girl was constructedof some diaphanous material representing the last word in daylightsaving. She was struggling desperately to forget to remember thatforcing quart-size feet into pint-sizeshoes is of necessity a painful outdoor sport. All in all, she appearedto the,, hoi polloi to be the, acme offashion and discomfort but what'sdiscomfort to the girl who wants tobe strictly in "he fashion?"Whereas it has become necessaryto secure alcohol in large quantitiesfor the use of the W. W. Massie Memorial Hospital, which hospital isowned and operated by the City ofParis through a Board of Commissioners, and whereas certain formalities are required such as making an application for a permit toprocure such alcohol free of tax under title 3 of the National Prohibition Act, and to execute a certainbond on behalf of the City of Paris,and whereas it is necessary that theauthority to purchase such alcoholand to execute such papers be vestedin some person by the Board ofCouncil.NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED thafE. B. January, asMayor of the City of Paris, be andhe is hereby authorized to executesuch applications as may be necessary in order to secure a permit toprocure alcohol free of tax undertitle 3 of the National ProhibitionAct for the use of said hospital, andhe is authorized to execute such bondas may be necessary or required bythe Commissioner of Internal Revenue in order to secure such permit,and said January, as Mayor aforesaid, is hereby authorized to purchase for and on behalf of the Cityof Paris, for the use of said hospital,alcohol in quantities not exceedingone barrel or fifty gallons at a time.This resolution .shall be in fullforce and effect from and after itspassage and publication, as requiredbylaw. 'E. B. JANUARY, Hayor,. , ' City of Paris, Ky.Friday, June 3, 10 a. m.I will offer at auction about $2,000worth of nice Parlor, Bed Room,Dining Room, Hall and Kitchen Furniture. 12 Rugs, some extra good ones.China and Glass Ware.Kitchen Utensils.A beautiful $250 White Enameland Nickel-plated Gas Range, suitable for Boarding House, Restaurantor Hotel use; also several small GasRanges, Book Cases, Refrigerators,Hall Racks, Dining Table andnhairs. "Rockers. Morris Chairs. 2beautiful Brass Twin Beds with fineBox Mattress.A Dandy Golden Oak China Closet,a sure beauty, costing $250,' alsoseveral smaller sizes.Some unusually nice Parlor Cabinets, Parlor and Lawn Furniture,alsoiStop, Look and RoadFour thousand cars a day and still behind in orders!What does this mean? It simply means that Ford Garsare gelling: everywhere. And why? Because they appealto the btiiineflg man and the pleasure seekers, and satisfies the most fastidious in fact, it is the only car thatmeets the demand of all.We are doing business at the same old place andwould be pleased to have you come in and get our pricesonSedans, Coupes, TouringRoadsters and TrucksIf you have the money, alright. If not, come in andlet us explain our monthly payment plan.RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYOne 7 -Passenger Studebaker andOne Chevrolet Roadster in Fine ConditionAs a special inducement, purshasers can arrange before sale ismade to make part payment and willhold oods on balance due for a reasonable time.Ice Water for Everybody.A cool sales room.Bring your luncb prepared to stayall day.You'll meet man of your friends.Come, and let's nave a big dayand a good time.rFred Weckeutr,Tie Bargain Mai"mmOUR courteouscharacter hasmade this organization famous. Our expert knowledge of allthe details of our profession meets with theapproval of everyone.ur reputation forfair dealing is ourclients' protection.fikKILLbKZQSZIV"i r-.Boirbon New Advertisers Get Rewftsxv, . ,l ' ..t 'J"y'Jt - -'um -&Li. rf'V w.-'xt.-'VlAft-'.'Sit J1 J' " - -tH$'.-TUESDAY, MAT 31, 1121nrir quwwi nkwi,." -tip." Mfcr-. f(il,M3Bf '-' .-vfrm"-- " 'miLjfiCA". i. l . --'. aaaMiFim.1;-iMISS1 HOUABArSFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTATGRADUATIONANDCOMNENCEMENTCorsage BoiqnetstvDARVILLE 1AM1XT 70SJTUCR EDTF01Siiaf-The committee from the DanvilleChamber of Commerce annouacei theprogram for the banquet to he givenat Kentucky College for Women tothe visiting editors Tuesday night,June 7. Dr. W. A. Ganfield, president of Centre College, will be toastmaster, and apqgng the speakers willbe Gov. Edwin P. Morrow, whosesubject will be "Kentucky."Judge E. V. Puryear. Danville, willI delivered a toast on "The Pear of thePress," followed by B. F. Forgery,editor of the Daily Independent,I Ashland, on the "Power of the1 Press." f , ,E. A. Jones, of the LouisvilleHerald, will have for his toast,"Through My Spectacles."Bo McMillan' will tell somethingof the "Wonder Team," Center's fa-tmous football ..aggregation, and Dr.M. M. Allen, president of KentuckyCollege for Women, will give the e.d-, itors an insight into the work of thecollege oi wnica ne is me uraa.PAINTUPET OUR PRICES ONPaintsVarnishesOils, EtcTht Btst Gn at thtBtst Prices.Sat Us Btftrt Yen Buy.VARDEN I SONDruggists Beth PhentsSIATJi MSETJUG OOHKNQUTBYETZIAH8 OX JTOE 6One of the meet important mattersthat will come before the Kentuckydivision of the United ConfederateVeterans at their annual reunion onJune 6 will be the question vt lurmishing a monument to completethe construction of a monument to'Jefferson Davis, president of theConfederacy, it was stated at theoffice of the Confederate PensionCommissioner.The meeting of the veterans willbe held at the Confederate Soldiers'Home at Pewee Valley. Veteransfrom all parts of the State will bepresent and inspect the Home wheretwo-score of indigent and helplessveterans of the war between theStates reside.A Major General to comma theKentucky Division for the aeart yearand Brigadier Generals for eachbrigade will be elected.DR. W. J. KIFFVETERINARIANSatseiatx U Jti. WatsoaOffice IliTOBM CIAIAGI. P,XT.(sev-lf-tf)Brim PImm S47.SPECIALFriday and Saturday OnlyYELLOW CLINGPEAKLarge Size Cans30 CanNQt oyer 3 cans to acustomerLogan HowardThe Hof Goodto Eat".TaiigrHaae 179WOVEN IK GOOD ROADS COrTVElfTION. For the first time women will participate in a Good Roads Conventionin Kentucky, June 7-10. The Executive .Committee of the KentuckyRoad Engineers' Association, arranging for the road meeting to be held inJefferson County Armory, Louisville,decided that since wcnen ate takinginterest in public affairs and havebeen' given the vote, they should beallowed opportunity to participate inthe sessions.It is expected that some of themost enthusiastic road advocates willdevelop among the fairer sex, notnot only are they being urged to attend, but women speakers will be included in the program.Got. Edwin P. Morrow will be asked to issue a proclamation officiallydesignating ike week as Good Roads 1Week in Kentucky, and calling uponthe people to participate in the roadcongress. Every county is urged tobe well represented. County Judge,Engineersand Fiscal Courts havebeen invited.Im addition to Governor Morrow,Joseph S. Boggs, Highway. Engineer,and members of the State HighwayCommission, who have accepted invitations to deliver Addresses, some ofthe faoet noted road experts of thenation have bcten engaged to speak.The exhibit of modern constructionand maintenance equipment and motor trucks, in connection with theConvention, will be highly t (interesting and instructive to delegates andvisitors.All sessions, the exhibits and various entertainments will be open tothe public without charge.l, 'STATE DEATH BATE LOWERED.As, a direct result of .the work thathas been carried on by the KentuckyTuberculosis Association in the Stateduring the. last two years, the deathrate from the disease has fallen from195.5 per hundred thousand population In 1918 to 157.2 in 1920, Dr.J. S. Lock, secretary of the association and director of the State Boardof Health's Bureau for the Prevention of Tuberculosis, said in his report at the association's annual meeting. Twenty-two dispensaries now arefunctioning in the State, his reportalso stated. Two strictly tuberculosis clinics are in operation and aredoing splendid work in finding earlycases of the disease. Intensive workalready has been done in Boyd,Scott, Mercer and Mason counties,and is to be undertaken in the nearfuture in Davis, Fulton, Muhlenbergand Harlan counties.C. L. Adler, of Louisville, was reelected the association's president,and Dr. Lock its secretary. MissJessie O. Yancy and Miss MarianWilliamson also were re-elected, respectively, secretary for ModernHealth Crusade work and supervisorof nursing.MAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSWt hm aVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETCfew MISTO MAGIC SETS and ether faysleft ever f ram the heHdays.Let Us Demonstrate ttie GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAnyRecordT. W. SPICER -Vt.OPP. MVRT HOUSEHEARD JH PARISHow Bad Backs Have Been HadeStrong Kidney His, CorrectedXIixaBxii Bourboni, -. i - Jt' -H it. ' .w- ' m iLaundry IAH t)ver Parte you hear it. Doan'sMuaney kiis fcre Keeping up tnegood work. Paris people are tellingabout it telling of bad backs madesound again. You oan beliere tnetestimony of your own townspeople.They tell it for the benefit of youwho are suffering. If your back aches,if you feel lame, sore and miserable.if the kidneys act 'too frequently, orpassages are painful, scanty and offcolor, use Doan's Kidney Pills, theremedy that has helped so many ofyour friends and neighbors. Followthis Paris citizen's advice and giveDoan's a chance to do the sajme foryou.Thomas Ahern, proprietor restaurant, 927 Pleasant St., says: Doan's-.Kidney Pills are all right and Ican recommend, them highly. I used.Doan's sometime ago when my kidneys were out of orderand myback ached a lot just over my kidneys. I would have dizzy spells andfelt sleepy. I lacked ambition to domy work, too. As soon as I beganUBiag Doan's Kidney Pills, which Igot at Oberdorfex's Drug Store. Igot "relief nd three boxes cured me."-'CSrice-WCt at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. A'Hern had. Poster-MilburnJo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oA POEX ON TAXESLittle gtmin of tmniMmlp the mighty ocemnJind mis pkoMant kind.&ftmK1:ittle Thoughts of Wisdom and. Integrity instilled into a Business helpto build it into a mighty institution. vWhen webegan to lay the foundation for our store, neatlyfifty years ago, we planned for the future. ' -We determined to establish a store for the people a storein which they should have the utmost confidence.ivS3Ourever increasing patronage provesthatwehave.,m"succeeded.To the readers of this paper, permit us to say that ourtore is yours use it make yourself at home.vgibl0mr(&.CmCIMIIATt'S CfttATCST STOIC.CINCINNATIOUNDC llfo I o9Just now there are many opportunities to purchase Summerapparel for men; women and children at very reasonable pricesPAEIS PEOPLE PURCHASE CARLISLE BUSINESSWilliam Howard, of Richmond, andhis son, Logan Howard,' of Paris,have purchased the stock, fixturesand good will of the. Howard Hardware Co. at Carlisle, and will takepossession on June 1. The new firmwill add a line of, groceries to thestock of farming implements andhardware.Will Howard. Sr.. formerly ofParis, will be in charge of the store,of which his son,'Wm. Howard, Jr.,'had previously been manager undera stock company composed of Carlislepeople. He has had thirty years' experience as a farm implement sales;n&n. Logan Howard will continuein the grocery business in Paris.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERY,a larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents:No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phwie 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYConnecticut hasschool principals.six women highEVENINGSEbamJust Historym 7 - jfThe Colonial DtmeSpurn her clothBy Candle flame.Im I860, .fit Crimohmc bright,She ftreetcfl her goeitij Coal Oil liffctf DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetxIIXIXIXIXIXIX1visJaaaaV s aaaVvtJavLBriaBLLkSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latet improvements in laundryiappliancejiand expert helpers wem areprepared to A) work inferrior to none, and solicityour patroiiflRe.IVIiiThe following, resolution was-re-eritly offered in the Colorado JLegis-aturfe: "1 i . , .Be it resolved hy the House ofRepresentatives in General Assemblyconvened that we:Tax the people and tax with careTo help the Tax Comjmission-aireTax the farmer, tax his fowl,Tax the dog and tax its' howl;Tax the hen and tax her eggLet the bloomin rooster beg.Tax the ox arid tax the ass,Tax the "Henry," tax the gas,Tax the house and tax his bed,Tax the bald spot on his head.Tax all business, tax, the shop,Tax the bonds and all their stock.Tax the payroll, tax the. sale,Tax their hard-earned paper kale.Tax the building of concrete,Tax 'em for walking on the street.Tax the living, tax the dead,iTax the unborn hefore they're fed.Tax 'em all and tax 'em well,Tax 'em to the gates of .Haw time iaei masaSir kome was litBf ttkeria Oas.W fte rirl J tMv, ,Wlm waala ker kaatt ftrigkt,7nt fvaaitf a tatteld hi! Zlectrfa Uckt.Paris G & Electric Co.THe Bourbon Laundry-1NttlMlBat pins ar used by the Anttrleaaa-AtheritlM to prod paroriihidden iewtlry. We fcattek to. !Han iat yar MBKrMjaia hm t4ytpavtti v aa aay- - a. IWmm 099Mccormick and deerino- BINDERS -Are the Best Made, The Best are theCheapest. -taMaaaajgjaajaaalI apBaraSSHaPHsW3rrTi5rEa5asaV.3P -aiaaaB"'JaHKSsSHNaaaflk 'iaijjijfftJgMBSviaBBBDBHsSSBVKBsSGenuineMccormick iDEEDINGBINDER TWINE iIS THE BEST MADE. TAKENO SUBSTITUTE- We are exclvahre af enta in Bourbon coantyfor McCormick and Deering Binders. We havethem in stock. Also PLENTY OF GENUINEREPAIRS. Take no substitute, for there is nonethat is "just as goobVnAll Kinds of Farm Implements IAt the Right PricesC. ft. Ball Garage fFourth ami Meosabt Streets&-WtIm. -1V1"Paris, Kentuckyor fair fUir rtway travVpVKi9AvVBFV)Qvi9rHpweiMBa,4VB!PttruzecayjaLBaiwiJsf"' ivrvH rj"C.itMM. ."''" . "k, -wj--.Mat y Atrvlat J i - i a ' Tr wrrsM VVPaT news AircnsiH' - ' ; . a: '. . cMflBKelson Gray, .colored, in the, employ oC Tkos. W."JSpJcer. was severelyJmrned about the head and armsfirhile: working on a tank. Gray hadlieen employed in painting the infeide o the tank with asbestos paint.On completing the job he lit a matchnd leaned over the inside of thetank 'to see if he had missed any"jart of it. An explosion followed,3y which -Gray's hands and face werecovered with the hot paint. Fortunately his eyes escaped seriousanjury,- but his face will be considerMv rtisfimirerL The force of theexplosion threw Gray to the floor.TThe tank was uninjured, save forloss of -paint.- --50 SELL XEHTUCKY WOOL OUTOF STATEiMMMMWMMMWWMWWMWWiW"g ... .... J J Mfs. -' -t-n - - r -" - kOTSOOUtS, TOGAS;SCOUTS JfLEE!r510YEleven members of the Paris BoyScouts visited the farm of Jesse Turney, on the Maysville road, nearParis, last Friday night, to spend a.nijrht iii camn. It had been theirintention to roll up in blankets andsleep on the ground, cowboy fashion.But fate willed otherwisf. VDuring the early night a lightrain fell, making a change of plans.necessary. Upon invitation of Mr.T.urney, and declining the profferedhospitality of the home, they decided to vary the original programand" sleep in the barn. ; During thenight their slumbers were aisturoeaby an invasion of fleas, their quarters having, previously been occupiedby a delegation of Mr. Turney's farmdogs, who had been temporarily dispossessed. 'After much discussionand argument the council of war heldby the Scouts decide upon a retreat.They returned to Paris,, arriving inthe early morning, wearied, sleepladen and determined to taboo further, sleeping quarters in barns., . . . ... -.-vvN'?-",'"f,,IOOUHCIL OF BOY SCOUTS OlOWBASE BALL GAMESTHE BESTIf you want the best refrigeratormade; buy; 'the AutomaticTHE J. T. HINTON CO.(24-5t)A large per cent, of Kentucky's5,000,000 pounds of wool this yearwilL be marketed outside the State,according to Geoffrey Morgan, secretary of the Kentucky Farjm. Bureauyederation, because of the lack of amarket. in the State.The federation is recommendingthat the county pools be combined in-that of-, the Ohio Sheep and WoolGrowers' Association at Columbus,.tfihin The Ohio organization islutndling wool for Ohio, Indiana,Clest Virginia and Pennsylvania.'o-SEHt TO CHHDIEXS' HOME I GOVERNOR PROCLAIMS "BETTER. , i SIRE SALES."In the County Court at Carlisle "n order was entered committing the j The attention of farmers and all"mix children of Zora Sosby, formerly j those interested in pure-bred cattle-of Paris, to the Kentucky Children's j8 called to the better-sire sale to beSome at Louisville. Their ages eld. in iuisville, June 2 in a proc-range from nine months to eleven lamation issued by Governor Morrow.years, and the order states that all j follows:are dependent on charity. t desire to call the attention' ofSosby was arrested in Paris by , the farmers in Kentucky, and to allChief of; Police Link and returned to , those interested- in pure !red cattleXexington, where he was wanted ona charge of robbery. It was allegedfthat while riding in an "auto with aLexington man, Sosby robbed him ofpocket book and a gold watch.iHe was 'indicted by the Fayettejgrand jury on the charge.WOOL!WE ARE IN THE KARKET POR1W00L. HAVE PLEHTY OF HEWSACKS AND TWIHE.K22apl-tf) CHAS. S. BREMT & BRO.BourbonFurniture Co.HIGHLAND BUILDING210 MAIN STREETAinotrace the Openingof theirNewto the better-sire sale to be held inLouisville. Ky.. on June 2."This sale will be held under au-spices of the Louisville LivestockExchange, and at this time 200 purebred registered bulls of differentbreeds will be sold. Arrangementshave been made so that these saleswill be made attractive in price andterjms of payment. '"The Livestock Exchange is deeply interested in promoting a betterand purer strain or cattle in Kentucky. It is conservatively estimatedthat at least a million dollars is losteVry years by cattle raisers andbreeders in Kentucky through inferior breeding."I am confident that the saleshould receive the earnest attentionof those interested in such matters,and that 'all of those who attend willbe benefited, and that as a result,cattle breeding in Kentucky will begreatly promoted."' oWOOL WANTED1 WE ARE IN THE HABILEX UJKWOOL. CALL AND GET SACKS.R. B .HUTCHCRAFT & CO.Boy Scout troops have been formed in the Sunday Schools sof Pariswith a "membership of nearly onehundred. The movement is authorized by the churches and controlledby them through the Bourbon Council composed1 of the following scoutcommittees and officers:Baptist church, J. T. Tucker,chairman, D. S. Henry, R. F. Collier,with Colliver Dawes Assistant Scoutmaster. Methodist, H. A. Power, chairman,nhas. A. Duncan. S. P. Mohney, withLeslie O'Neal Assistant Scoutmaster.Christian A. L. Boatright, chair-nn TJtr r TTtntnn Thno TTIcor nrlf'hL1UU.11, v . J. lliuiuii, xuuw. uiuu, vuLawrence Mitcneii Assistant scoutinaster. Presbyterian and Episcopal united,O. L. Davis, chairman, J. M. Brennon, J. S. Varden, with N. B. Waddill and llbbt Harbeson AassistantScoutmasters.O. L. Davis is President of theCouncil and J. T. Tucker, Secretaryand Treasurer. The pastors constitute an aaviaory, Doara.Scout work 18 recognized as an important factor in a boy's education,and these troops will add materiallyto the community life of Paris.The movement has been held upseveral weeks for lack of leadership,and the Council is to be congratulated on finally securing the services ofC. B. Harrison as Scoutmaster. Nobetter selection could possibly havebee,n made, as he is admirably qualified to fill this important position.Mr. Harrison accepts this work inaddition to his duties as" general secretary of the Y. M. C. A., and bothinstitutions will be the gainer thereby. The Scoutmaster and his assistants, will meet and complete thetroop organizations at once. ThePresbyterian boys have already passed the required examination for thetenderfoot class and are regularscouts, uniformed and equipped.oFORMER PARISIAN GETS FIRSTCLASS POSITIONStoreadare Now Readyfor BisinessWe By ud SellBoth New d 'Used FanfareWE INVITE YOU TOCALL .NO MON, NO OIL: NO OIL,DUST.LOTSThe streets of Paris will not beoiled this summer, unless done bynrivate means. At a meeting of the,City Council, it was decided that onaccount of a lack of funds ior tnepurpose, the work of oiling the residential streets of Paris could not becarried, forward.Reaitonts of any street who desireto have their, streetoiled may havethis done by paying for the oil andlabor necessary for the purpose. Thematter of "deciding the trade of asphalt for the city streets, construction of which will begin in the nextfew weeks, was left over to the, nextmeeting.: 7 r-REDUCTION SALEBE SURE TO ATTEND THE33 1-3 PER CENT. REDUCTIONSALE AT THE STYLE SHOP.Edward M. Hite, formerly ofParis, who was for many years inthe State Fire Marshal's office asDeputy State Fire Marshal, and whohas filled other positions of responsibility along fire prevention lines, recently passed a successful civil service examination at Washington, forthe position of Fire Prevention Engineer. Mr. Hit has received anofficial order from the Governmentto" report to Fort Benjamin Harrison,near Indianapolis, for' duty.The position carries a salary of?3,600 per annum, and all expenses.Mr. Hite's success in his line of endeavor illustrates the jmerrit of constant application and study to onething. He has never known anyother line of work but fire fighting,and has made a lifelong study of thatin pnnnpp.tinn with the electrical business', both of which he has jmesteredthoroughly. He began his life-workwhen his father, the late William O.Hite, familiarly known to the peopleof Paris as "Shiner," was engineer ofthe Paris Fire Department,, and hasstuck to it ever since, 'Ihis progressbeing sure and steady.0 w.PIANO AND VIOLIN RECITALS BYMISS GILTNER'S CLASSI' ;:paris Ruggles team and the Versailles team battled ior supremacySunday afternoon on th.e Versaillesgr&unds, the game going to Versailleson the long end of 9 to 7 score. Perkins, Caywood and Berryman occupied the hurling and receiving stations for the Ruggles teams. A largenumber of Paris fans accompaniedthe locals to witness the game.The: Georgetown colored feam defeatPdf the Paris Red Sox, Sundayafternoon in a game at the Secondi. v.oil no-rlr hv a nrio.ainon Rnnrr taueci u 4im. j w w..u .w..One of the most brilliant gamesthat has been played on the localp-rmmds was the struggle betweenthe Junior Pirates of Paris, and theNorth Middletown Stars, composed orboys whose ages ranged from-sixteento eighteen years. The game wasplayed Saturday afternoon on thelocal grounds. The game was devoid of sensational plays, both teaiMbeing about evenly matched; Jacksoi and Rourke for the Paris team,secured home runs. North. Middletown used three pitchers in an attprnnit to stem the tide against themHit .the final score stood 33 to 7 in!fnvV hf the Pirates. The visitors.secured only nine hits off of Craw-,Jford, the Priate's piacner, wme iue ,Pirates slugged all hree of he viaHnR hnriers out of the box. Thebatteries were: For Paris, Crawford . ITnflirMin:-for North Middletown, .Sahibs. Wells. Stanley and Hopkins. 1'''. .. rThese teams will play anotner game .in -the near future. jjttie teams lined-up - as - follows: ;TParis Pirates Jackson, c; Crawiora, .p;iIlourke, lb; Jenkins, 2b; Hancocks. 3b; Browner, ss; -rerry, ci;Brent, If; Alexander, rf. North Mid-diotnwn stars snieias. d: anieias, c;Mcj&aniel, ss; Eldridge, cf; Caywood,lb; .Stanley, 2b; Wells, 3b; Tnompson, rf ; Hopkins, If.! 1 Y. M. C. A. NOTESjAt a meeting of the physical department of the Y. M. C. A., it wasvoted to hold the annual free swimming campaign again this year. Thecampaign will be held for boys, beginning to-day, Tuesday, May 81,and continue six days, the examinations being given Tuesday, June 7.The class will meet after school eachafternoon. Any boy ten years oldand oyer, who cannot swim, is eligible. The campaign for girls will beheld the following week.For SaleFord touring-car, with new tiresand Hassler sfhock' assorbers, mqtoivin good order: Prlctf11'f0r.t'-fmifltsell. Can be seen at. 341 wtnenesterStreet(31-2t-pd) MR. ULMER.Stream FishingThe Bourbon Fish and Game Clubdesires the co-operation of tb citizenship of Bourbon county in restocking and protecting fish inBourbon streams,Membership fee, $2.00. See or callAYLETTE BUCKNER, Pres.CHAS. SPEARS, Vice-Pres.JAS. McCLINTOCK, Treas.'(31-$t)Public.dtA2. . 'Aiirfinit!HiThursday, June 2,At 10:00 O'clock a. m.m:onsthepremises, 1050 Vine Street.On account of the death of myhusband, and not blg able to meet,the del)t against the property, I fcaveplaced in the hands of Mitchell 4bSon, Keal Estate u Agents, to senwithout reserve or by-6id, the aboveproperty, consisting of a 4-rooia cottage, large pantry, electric ngnis,large lot, good stable, and 3ll in firstclass condition. Terms made knownon clay of ss.le.For further particulars, apply toMITCHEIiL & SON,9 West Sixth Strt, Paris. Ky.Cumb. Phone 97, Home, 92.rr tuts tt. A. Mitchell, who is occu-lpying the house. ..W)1 1 M mnin JKellums-RichardsREVI V A LPupils in piano and violin of MissE. Giltner gave an enjoyable, recitalat the Paris High School auditoriumlast night at eight o'clock', to a largeand appreciative audience. Pianoselections were well rendered byMisses Mary Letton, Alice McClintock, Nannette Arkle, Anna MayYoung, Ann Rutherford Duncan,FrancfiR Thnmnsnn and Viva. C!ha.Dnell:Violin, selections by Misses Swearen-gen and Lavin, Doyle Day, SoFeld,Misses Ruth Wheeler, Julia Lavin,Ann Elizabeth Swearengen, BryanDoty.To-night at the same place andtime a recital in piano and violin willbe given by other members of theclass as follows: Piano selections byMisses Smith and Arkle, Mary Frances Young, Rosalie Friedman, LauraB. Smith, Helen Chappell, Ida LeeWheeler, Anne Caywood Talbott, andMessrs. Charles Cook, Jr., and Cromwell Cleveland; violin selections byHillary Davis, L. U. Chappell, William Boiling, Bryan Redmon andMisses Mary Frances Young, FrancesRedmon 'and Margaret Cleveland;guitar selections by Miss ConstanceHill.;iTHEChristian ChurchServices Every Night This Week(except Saturday) at 7:30COME EARLYs r and Get a Good SeatRCV. JESSE R. KELLUMS, PreatEhtsrCHAS. H. I RICHARDS, Sin?e?Ai i-. -BOATRIGHT,. StafferW. C. ELLIS, PastorDINE PARBOKEET STORES SOLDFOR $25,000Stocks and fixtures of nine storesof the Parrakeet Mineral Water &Grocery Company, which -was adjudicated bankrupt April 11 after an involuntary proceeding in FederalCourt, was sold In Louisville by Geo.A. Brent, referee, in Louisville, for125,000. !The claims of general creditors aggregate $29,350. In additionthere are mortgage and lien claims.The Louisville store, located at1104 South Main street, was sold toL. Grauman & Co. for $950. TheSouthern Auction Sale Companybought stores at. Corbin, Livingstonand Somerset for $4,000, $1,450 and$4,750, respectively. Other saleswere:Lebanon Junction, toOtho Quick,.Elizabethtown, Ky., for' $1,750; Middlesboro, to Ira Watsoii, Middlesboro,for $1,110; Paris, to L. Grauman &Co., for $2,000; Ravenna Grocery"Company for $3,550; Williamsburg,to B. T. Paul, for $2,100.o .HAS TlirO.POALS.Joseph M. Hall, of Paris, one of thefew remaining breeders, of trottinghorses in Bourbon county, whereoncethere were many, reports two nicefoals at his place near Paris. ' Theyare a bay colt by Lon Princeton 2:01,out of Emilv Axwarthv by Axworthy,and a bay filly by Silver Axworthy,out of Mary. Poster, by Todd. Mac2:07. , . ' , .-; $i :Shaving , off the, whiskers is amongHindooe a ign of mouraing for. thedeath -of a near relative;CALL ONMitchell & SonEEAL ESTATE AGENTSNo. 9 West Sixth StreetParis, Ky.First Boor West of Farmers andTraders BankWe Have What You Want In TheU Seal Estate Line(3in)TITAN. -- -1STORAGE BATTERIESAnd All Kinds ofBattery EquipmentExpert Battery Man in (charge (our Battery Station and tatuf action is assured.These Batteries have just beenreceived and are fresh from thefactory.tJMs:.ittiftXlt-v rtiiifW.!-'lXxZH-SEE US FIRSTWhite Front Garage iBetween Seventh and Eighth Sts.1 hmtiii if44Tlie Pride Of Paris'?Ij'lL S.' Li-SWeicome News-,- yA.-H-J -Glad TidingFOR TEN DAYSSTARTING SATURDAY, MAY 28tht.XtN -133OFF,'HMi.S,-CoatsON ALLand&.fylIt:0 i:,S4-Suits$-j:$r'At3?Skirts, . . r- - j..Silk Dresses Silk Blouses33 1-3 REDUCTION, .i1r'.Sfi-..&Vsm':DEPARTMENT STOREvvr,fl.;.. . -ri-PC'VwrIii(i: T.iw-fcf-H"s vv1 vmim k&i:0ilfATJ09 .vlJSLVdrjXtJ-TOESDJLT, 1UY-31,. It21n3kr,4Mff!ASaMNk&."& ' J,'itea--Jfe.-ft i irtjtai-irTf tv -nr"'fagrapCT- . "- - -f - - , - --- r v ir r.ftrJ.--:.SOCIAL AMD PERSONAL.SCHOOL NOTES.$m&&Jewelers t-: Paris. KykNever Too Busy to PleaseCEMENT!HAVE JOST TJWDOADED PEESHAE CEMENT.!(22apl-tf) CHAS. S-BBEHT BRO., NEWSTOKE.Mrs. Nellie S. Highland has leasedier storeroom adjoining the Windsor Hotel, to the firm of Funk &Mansfield, of Lexington, .who willconduct a second-hand goods business there. The firm will take poseessioa of 'the store this week andopen op their stock of goods.NAUDfFOOTWhile working in-some loose lumher at the Ruggles Motor Co.'s.garage, on Bank Row, William McClanahan an employe, stepped on aloose plank, a rusty nail penetratingiis foot. Blood poisoning developinghe was removed to the Masie Memorial Hospital for treatment. He wasreported yesterday as doing verywell.VISIT TELEPHONE EXCHANGEIn charge of their teacher, MissJulia Clark, pupils of the SixthGrade, Paris High School, paid a visitof inspection Friday to the plantand operating room of the Cumberjberland .Telephone Co. They weretaken in charge by Manager H. H."Floyd and aissistants, and the mysteries ot, "Number, please," and"Line's busy," and the multiple complex workings of the telephone andswitchboard systems were explainedto them. Oother grades in theschool will visit the exchange thisweek for the same purpose.oIT IS EASYTO ACQUIRE SAVINGS HABITIF YOU HAVE SOME SHARES INTHE BOURBON BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.LEARN TO SAVE IN OUR NEWSERIES WHICH OPENS SATURDAY, JUNE 4.H. A POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.. f3CE COLD SOFT DRINKS OF ALLKINDS.rw,,- I Miss Elizabeth Roff, president oftucky, and instructor of Latin at theParis High School, delivered an address Saturday before the studentsI -m -r-i .. aMrs. W. C. Potts is visiting?1 erea ege, and was guest oifriends in Mt. Sterling nonor at a dining given in the uoi-Squire L. J. Fretwell is quite ill ' legnft5ldin, - . , , 41lAat his home on Cvoress street ' Commencement exercises of the-Mrs. Field VaSter, of Win-' orth Middletown High School bChester, was a recent guest of Paris f an Fri?ay. evenin& h an enterfriends and relatives I tainment &iven by the Junior andJames R. Clark "has returned ' Sophomore classes in honor of thehis home Ti Woodford county afte? SenioT Cla6s- The Baccalaureatea visit to relatives this city and son was preached at the Christiancounty, eitlves inw c"y ana church, Sunday ovening, by Rev. R.Mrs. Margaret Ninebar. of New-' Lf'ZV7 a"f no011port, is a guest of her mother, Mrs. lLl L J"? JlThomas F. Roche, on Pleasam 'auspices of the Mother's Club,street. "cjLast night a program was renderedMrs. Jack Wilson and daughter by Jhe PrAmtry DeEartnient-, Tlie exwill leave to-day for a pleasure trip e1rcis1es w2 conttnued to-day, conthrough the mountains of Kentucky ! 2udln1Jr"fl an dress by Rev. Dr.and Virginia wuw Homer D. Carpenter, pastor of theMrs. Lee T. Beall, of Warsaw, Mdraiond Christian church.Kv. -1 a fnia nf fri0 tV -JTj ' Examinations are on this week inattending the Kellems-Richards re'fS nd be ?h .SchoojThe real, old-time Blue Lick Water in splits it's fine. All other3rind of soft drinks on ice" at alltimes.(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN".DON'TFORGET. ITDONE.MUST BETAHT'S SO? YOU HAVE TOBUY A GRADUATION GIFT. ANDTHE PLACE TO GET IT IS AT THEHOUSE OF QUALITY.(17-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.AUTO CATCHES FOEAn alarm from Box 18 Fridayevening called the fire department tothe White Front Garage, on Maim,ntrpet. between Seveatk aad Eight,where an auto standing in .front of 1the garage had caught lire. It wasjiaid a lighted lantern in the machine had overturned, igniting theoil and gasoline. For a few momentsit was feared the flames would communicate to the garage, but were extinguished by Jos. W. Davis, Jr., manager of the garage, with aid of ahand extinguisher.0WE HELP YOU TO SAVE NEWSERIES OPENS JUNE 4.The Bourbon Building & Loan Association "is a blessing to Paris. Itpromotes thrift and encourages it.Regardless of age, creed or color, ithelps you put up your money for arainy day.You are never too old to joinnever too young.Every week you put by a littleend that little grows as the weeksand the months pass.If you are not already a memberof the Bourbon Building & Loan Association, join and see how easy, itjg to S2.VGOur new series opens Saturday,June 4.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.oGIFT SEEKERS. TAKE NOTICE!F IT'S A SILVER RAG OR DIAMOND, HERE'S THE PLACE YOU'LL SURELY FIND 'EM. ..,IITOO nn(20-tf) THE A J. WINTERS CO.vival,at the Christian church.Miss Lona McCord, who wasoperated on at the Massie MemorialHospital, recently is making rapidprogress towartt recovery.Mrs. Melvina Estes, who is nowin her eighty-fifth year, is criticallyill at the home of her son, JamesEstes, on North Clifton avenue.Mr. and 'Mrs. H. J. Berry havereturned to .their home in Moreland.Lincoln county, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Thomas C. Whaley, in thiscity.At the recent meeting of theJefferson County Dental Society, heldin Louisville, Dr. M. H. Dailey, ofParis, delivered an interesting address. Mrs. C. B. Harrison, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, for some time following an operation, has been removedto, her home.Stanley Laughlin and sister, Miss rMattie Lee Laughlin, have returnedto their home in North Middletownafter a. week's visit with friends inOwingsville.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Norris andson, T. J. Norris,' Jr., of Lexington,who have been the guests of Mr. andMrs. H. L. Mitchell, returned to theirhome yesterday.Charles Ball, of the C. S. BallGarage, attended a, meeting of theBuick auto dealers in Cincinnati,held in the offices of the LeymanBuick Co., last week.John T. Collins is convalescentafter a long illness, and is able tobe about the house. Mr. and Mrs.Collins and family will move to theirfarm near North-Middletown for thesummer.Mrs. Elizabeth Howse, of Carlisle, is visiting her daughter, Mrs.Rudolph Davis. Mrs. Howse at theconclusion of her visit, will go toMissouri to spend the summer withrelatives.Samuel Ewalt, who sustainedinjuries in a fall at his home lastweek; is improving, Mr. Ewalt, whois in his eighty-fifth year, is the oldest member of the Masonic fraternity in Bourbon county.The following from Paris attended the Shapiro lecture at Lexington,Saturday: Dan W. Peed; Sr., JamesMcClure, A. B. Hancock, Wallace W.Mitchell, Buckner Woodford, WilliamCollins, Raymer Jones, E. W. Glassand Julian Frank.ini Paris. This is the busiest andfmost important week of the entireyear,. Parents are urged to see thattheir .children are here for every examination. The examinations heldin the first grade are just as important as the ones held in .the Seniorclass -and we especially urge parentsto keep their children in to the lastday.-' Full sessions will 'be heldthroughout the week. The childrenin the grades are finishing a splendid year, every child in the firsteight grades took part in one of theentertainments that were held recently and we feel very proud of the waythey acquitted themselves and we arevery appreciative of the splendid interest shown in these splendid groupof grade teachers in the Paris schoolsand I-feel more than ever that thepatrons of the Paris school appreciate the work this group has done fortheir children. Remember the countycommencement on Wednesday,June 8 and the High Schoolcommencement Thursday, June 9.With these programs we lower thecurtain on the 1920-'21 session.Thanking you very kindly for everycourtesy and every kindness extended to us .during the year.SincerelyLEE KIRKPATRICK, Supt.DON'T OVERLOOK THESETAFFEETTA CHARMEUSE, TRICOLETTE, AND WOOL JERSEYDRESSES, AT $15.50.FRANK & CO.BEST ICE CREAM IN TOWN-TAKE SOME HOMEWe are selling the famous DixieIce Cream. It is made in the heartof the Bluegrass and contains morebutter fat than, any sold in' towvn.It is simply delicious take somehome. Dixie cones are the best onthe market, r5 cents each, i(31-4t) GRANT OWSLEY.oFOR GRADUATIONTHE LATEST NOVELTY CRAZEBRACELETS IN STERLING SILVER AND GREEN GOLD RULED,AT $1.00 AND UP.(17-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.GAME WARDENS BUSYWith the coming of summer andfthe fishing season, fishermen whouse illegal means for catching fish,are tempted to pit their wits againstthe law. Several cases of law violations of this kind have been reTiiA , ,on who were caughttoy the Game Wardens seining pondsfeeing heavily fined. The wardens;also caught five men who had Jtheir possession -a big seme withwhich they had planned to sem Stoner Creek' The game and fish wardens of thefcounty are true sportsmen, and men)of fearless character who will doItheir plain duty in the face of danger, even, and lawbreakers should aswell understand this. Every -effortvill be made by the ewlfnldSlsh and Game Club to . aaaTa : the authorities in WheJl SSof the game laws and to put a stopto fishing by .illegal means.ONE CENT SAKEmrr swiTT. AYR CEIT SALEmm godw-ml at vnwarsjmUG STORE.Mrs. J. T. Vansant will leaveto-day for Washington, D. C, to joinher sister, Mrs. Ormond Summerville, of Montgomery, Ala., in Massachusetts, where Mrs. Summerville'adaughter, Miss Elizabeth Summerville, will graduate.The Garden1 Club will meet tomorrow (Wednesday) afternoon, at2:30 o'clock, at the home of Mr.aid Mrs. Woodford Spears. Thehostesses will be Mrs. WoodfordSpears, Mrs. Edw. Spears and Mrs.Chas. Spears.E. B. Sayre, of Covington, was avisitor in Paris recently. Mr. Sayrecalled on Mayor January and members of the Commercial Club in theinterest of the Licking Valley andBlue Grass Highway Convention tobe held in Covington to-morrow.Miss Mary Ellis, daughter ofRev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis, has returned from Fulton, MoT, where shehas been a student .at the WilliamWood College. Mrs. W. V. Shaw,who had been visiting Miss Ellis,came home with her.Mrs. E. B. January, who has beenseriously ill at her home on Highstreet, has been removed tq the Massie Memorial Hospital, where it isthought she will have to undergo anoperation. Her daughter, Mrs. FredWood, of Lexington, is at her bedside, Mrs. Lula Dunn, accompaniedby her cousin, "Miss Swain, and CarlHayes, all of Columbus, Ohio, motored to Paris, Saturday and werdguests Saturday and Sunday offriends and relatives. Mrs. Dunn wasformerly Miss Lula Hall, of Paris,where she spent her girlhood days.Falmouth Outlook: "J. M. McLean, formerly of this county, butnow residing at Paris, was a businessvisitor in Falmouth recently. Whilehere he paid our office a pleasant calland told us that there would be ashort crop of tobacco planted inBourbon county this spring."Richmond Register: "Mr. D. G.Martin has returned from a few daysvisit to his nephew, Mr. Earl Curtis,at Paris Mrs.. W. R. Shacklefordand children have returned from avisit to Mrs. A. B. Hancock in Paris.Mr. R. M. Beasley, of the PaintLick section, is visiting relatives inBourbon county."The Christian Endeavor SocietyJ of the North Middletown Christianchurch had as guests recently L.-...Little, Sounthern Field .Secretary ;kMian Perrieo. of Lexington, Superin-tAnHpnt nf the Sixth District: MissEastwood, of Lexington, Quiet HourSuperintendent; Miss Soper, of Leximgtea; Mias 'Carrie Roae, ftotertReat amd D.' Y. L. Farley, of Paris.LostSomewhere in or around Paris, aradiator cap, with motor meter attached. Finder please return to. DR. R. R. MCMILLAN, ,may31-tf) Paris, Ky.Plants For SaleExtra fine lot Sweet Potato Plants,in any quantity desired. Buy yourplants fresh from the bed and yoursuccess is assured. These plants arenot on sale elsewhere.JOE LAVIN,332 W. Eighth Street.may31-2t)$15, $18 or$20 U amighty littleprice to payfor cooleffort thewhole summeryet that smalla price securesone of ourSummer Suitsmade of theGenuine'Palm BeachCloth.An insuranceagainst heat.ITS THE EASIEST THINGIN THE WORLDTo Select a Straw Hat From Our Stock That IsPleasing to the EyeBecoming to the HeadRestful to the PocketbookA variety of weaves and shapes" that will please you.Get Yours Now!!!We are also showing new arrivals in Young Men'sSuits, in all-wool materials$12,00 to $37.50 .'-i iA Wonderful Showing of Silk Shirts$3.00, $4.50, $5.00y-fIt will Honestly Pay You to Let Us Supply Your NeedsLEWIS W0LESTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department .619 Main Street cCall Our Store "HomcVio"Trade at Home0AutomaticRefrigerators!!We have just received this great refrigerator andare now ready to deliver them Come in and getyours at once.fe$u41rIIVnF9MmMMT -"--.If it comesfrom Dcvisrr is pidhtuiiAUTOMAT(IG'. "- . t'VIBSPI f Jr ' ., . . !--; rircH? r 'ill1 rjffBfrfB1II jI&qOf. I if HIHi KrMll Icts AiKJT MsL . IHH FSm WQlTPTrXtfmmLmWl A 'TSrm BH om w si rWe have handled the Automatic Refrigerator for yearsand never have we had a SINGLE DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER! This is the greatest food preserver and ice saver madeand is the only refrigerator made with the water bottle onthe front of the refrigerator. Come in and let us explainto you this wonderful refrigerator.THE J. T. HINT0N GO.EITHEMPHONBttPARIS, KENTUCKYVS w MnF SbRbbm JMotor Hears Motor Invalid C ch Uaii tafchuT,?i!o1.dS''rrumWOmenMade YoungBright eyes, a clear skin and a bodyfill of youth and health may beyoars if you "will keep your systemin order by regularly takingCOLD MEDALMP01T OK 1I10UBCESBASKS IS ISSUEDOFmESMSftniAaanmmmThe world's et&ndard remedy for kidney,liver, bladder and uric acid troubles, theeaeanin of life and looks. In use since1696. All druggiste, three sizes.Leek for Ike uhm GaM Medal on every beatmad accept iaakattea aMlataka Matte fey Many. ,At Many peaplt take tawmlTH$M Mrlooaiy, aaA CUa't ndftalAy tkelr ertiiaattt of fi mIt amtt accepted by tharatWy "take it Ht" aa ataeiv4atj Might XDea better ay taklattalnfg out C theaoMlTfja.acn aargtmi nalattaa,1All except eight States have adopted aome form of a piothers' pension.The total resources of the 464State banks in Kentucky, March 3,1921, were $231,262,633.89, according to an aDDreviatea report oi mecondition of the State banks andtrust companies of that date issuedby James P. Lewis, State BankingCommissioner. The resources are divided as follows: Loans, $152,990.-634. 71; bonds, $29,888,268.45; cashand reserve, $39,815,270.31; overdrafts, $1,478,841.74; capital, $20,655,388.85; surplus and undividedprofits, $15,695,181.12; time andsavings deposits, $59,999,906.78; demand deposits, $116,386,277.67; billspayable $7,644,108.34.Commissioner Lewis makes a comparison of the total resources of the464 State banks with the total resources of the banks on previouscalls for statements as follows: 456banks, September 13, 1921, total resources, $227,231,768.46; 450 banks,June 25, 1920, $225,566,65p.28; 450banks April 12, If 20, $234,315,847.14; 449 banks, January 12, 1920,$234,315,847.14; 449 banks, January30, 1920, $236,969,653.83; 449banks, Novekaber 17, 1919; $211,452,439.D7; 449 banks, April 10,1919, $221,041,872.51, and 447banks, January 30, 1919, $294,335,500.35. Twenty-six mew banks have beenorganized since January 1, 1920, thelargest being the First StandardBank, of Louisville, with a capital'of $100,000.THE SJXYATIOJr AJUCTGOOD WOJUC -A breakfastor lunch youwill surely likeKERBS! ?aaralaaatJ" r31PostToasties(The Better Corn Flakes)Made of the hearts of selected whiteConnuPost Toasties are distinctive intexture and flavor.Post Toasties come crisp, and readyto serve at a moments notice, directfrom the triple-sealed package.Especially good with berries and asprinkle or sugar.Sold by grocers everywhereMade by Foetum Cereal GoJncMMExleJThoroughbred HorsesAnnual Summer Meeting atLATO&IAJune 4th to July 9thStake:Seaareay.Tot ununnuiy Ingfi dotsof the iaoncs cm the zkxjxkLj thcfzxcclkcxeottteiympnmmmnutm book and improved accom-modattons for patrons cocn-k!iH MncT to insure the success oftbe faceting at tne popular'.- Latonta Course.aajMejeaSeaaveaev Aaaa leaiwinatnThose who visit latnrrratik this month will enjoy theact Eixsiur fincst spo, m lt$pier. June 2Mbuna msMHTI WaflTjv Kentucky Jockey CMeaaW. Mr 4 III II HI 'Ismtouuif Kjpu CountmThe Salvation Army is doing its"bit" to help newspaper publishersand the reading public, by turningback to the paper mills for re-man-ufapture even more waste paper thanit has done in the past. ,"Werealizethe difficulties confronting the' newspaper owners, owing to the shortageof paper," -says Brigadier HerbertRoberts, commanding the Salvationists in Western Ohio and Kentucky,"and these difficulties have been thecause of necessary advances in subscription and advertising rates."Through itIndustrial-Homes, theSalvation Army is salvaging andsending back to the paper mills morethan 50,000 tons of waste paper eachyear. During the past ten years theArmy's "barvestfrs" have turnedback to the "paper mills more than850,000 tons of watte, paper, whichotherwise would bave become a totalloss. In doing this the Army hasnot only aided tbe publishers, but ithas been of real service to .the community by putting thousands of unemployed mem "back o? tkeir feet"again, giving them work in sortingand bundling the papers, and preventing them from being a burdenon the public.The work of the Industrial Homeis only one of the 16 major activities which the Salvation Army is nowputting into effect in its Home Service Program for 1921.: OSORE THROAT ANDCOLD IK CHEST'V, JHIIBBIBj HI ' ! II 41B MOFWI IV 'A ff tUBmnUmm amava' aaBv4 ThproniaSSw TiSn aBaa aawaawaaV aT 1 awaajBaamTr WaBi aBam.BaaaaVaMaaJaatfITlaYJAXLJLalflLW VlalXS1':GONE 0YEBNI6HTHHTE0L Acts QuicWy Boat MussWith Mustard Plasters or MustardCreams That Will Upset DelicateStomachs, Just Sub a little MOTTO! and Secure Immediate Belief.Stops Coughing Almost Instantlyand Sore Throat and Cold on ChestWill Be Gone Overnight.MINTOL gives prompt relief forbronchitis, croup, stiff neck, asthma,headache, neuralgia, congestion,whooping cough, pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago, pains ana acnes, soremuscles, sorains. chilblains, frostedfeet, bruises, neuralgia, and relievestired, aching or swollen feet.35o and 60c size jars. Hospitalsize. The Home Relief laboratories,Boston, Mass. (adv)oGIRL NEVER MISSED SCHOOL IN12 YEARSWhat is believed to be one of themost remarkable records ever made inKentucky is that of Miss Hazel Deatlev. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. LeeDeatley, of Carlisle, who was awarded two (medals for going to schoolfor twelve years without being absent or tardy once. Despite the factthat Miss Deatley, who was a memberof this year's graduating class, livedabout four miles from Carlisle, .shehas never received an"a" or a "t."R. Dean Squires, former superintendent of the school, presented MissDeatley with a gold medal for heraccomDlishment, and Sam K. Veach,secretary of the school board, presented her with another.Several years ago Mr. Veach inaugurated a system of giving eachpupil a gold medal for four years'nerfect attendance, and besides theonedal awarded Miss Deatley, he gavefour others, as follows: 'Misses MabelReed, Ruth Lawrence, Minerva Lambert and Helen DarnelL .HOEING A HARD ROWSometimes during a local politicalcampaign newspeper editors the severely criticized for their stand,their expressions and their viewsalong different lines.But did you ever stop to thinkthat a newspaper editor is like allother men in one particular at leasthe has only one vote to cast forany one candidate. It is true heshould1 mold public sentiment aslong as public sentiment is right, andstand for the betterment of his community,' but many times he feels thathe is standing alone when he is advocating certain improvements, andsome citizens live as if there was nota newspaper in one hundred miles ofthem, except when that particularperson desires the use of the newspaper for his own personal benefitwithout paying one cent for the service rendered.ASPIRINtaf Bayi on Genuin1Take Aspirin only as told in eachpackage of genuine Bayer Tablets of,.aspirin, xnen you win De ioiiowingthe directions and dosage worked outby physicians during 21 years, andproved safe by millions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer J3ross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv).There are 717 colleges ancrtiniver-vsitiea in, the United States.14.0 1a cigarettem my dy-aff ' "aaw " aCaW fawllkM-iaw aCflvi aWlvBaaTTaai 9&. J. aaWBOLPf- Tit im Cfj.The Camel idea wasn't born then. It was Ht jj-pxciusive expert uamei Diena tnat revolutionizedtigarette smoking.That Camel blend of choice Turkish and Domestictobaccos hits just the right spot. It gives Camels sucKmellow mildness and fragrance !The first time I smoked Camels I knew they weremade for me. I knew they were the smoothest, finestvw w nvAtuj nbcijxjr nvc .. jNobody can tell me anything different ,'-,' ,' i"N.CCamelGROeCHE COMING BACK WITSFRIAR ROCK.Frank Grosche, of Paris, an employee of John E. Madden, who wassent to California from Lexingtonto bring back the stallion FriarRock, subject, of the controvwsarybetween Madden and John H. Rosseter, joint owners of tbe son ofRock Sandfls expected to arrive atHamburg Place with tbe horse Sunday night or Monday morning. Atelegram from Franklin Brooks, receiver appointed by Justice Ford, ofNew York, advises that they are ontbe wayEXCURSIONCINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35L & N.$2.35Sinday, June 5, 1921Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Clatinatti,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:3 p. m.City Time). For further inrorsnation, consult Local Ticket Agent. -.Ellis' Tea RodinTbe Hem of Goei HotCoaked MealsAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65cper meal on week days75cper meal on SundaysMeal Tickets(21 MEALS)2 Meals per Day $&SO1 Meal per Day -. . , "SSeSORegular Board (3 meals 'per day) $SaOOHit LLLldTMMOnNttc'CMit Hwe,EAGLE'lalKADO"aPencil No. 174For Sale at year DaaJer Made im five graalMASK POR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED-BANDEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORK(till july4)William Ki, Haqan 6-onAr-cmitecx &- Engineer. .FIRT NATIONAL SANKPari. Ky.sl.ti-ttiiutiiUJiiIiiiiiiliiiiiiiif iiiif tiiiiiitiiitiitniiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiJiittiiiiitiii:iiiiiitiiiiiiif ltitiiiiiiiiii iiuittiif tiiiiit tiiiitiiitiitiitiititiirrTBecome a Saver IBuy a Lexington Utilities Bond and helpthe growth of tho Blue Grass Community.Bonds sold at 90 either for cash or on amonthly payment plan.;VI h il'YIELD 7.6We pay C per eeat mlarest on all monthlypaymenis. also refmni Ike nominal Federal Income Tas ami the Keatucky State4-miM tax. Ash anyLexington Utilities Company(hwcioum tat Keaafcky)1S6 West Main St.Lexington, Ky.iiiiiin nin iiiMiiimnim; Home Telephone Subscribers; Have Free Communication with theFollowing Towns and Villages! Millersburp;, Headquarters, Hooktown, Black's Gross; Roads, Shawhan, Ruddles Mills, Kiserton, Centerville, ; V' Jacksonville, Clinton ville, Avon, Wyandott. Austerlitz, -!: Escondida, Little Rock. Cane Ridge, Plum, Bunker Hill. -f North Middletown connection will be re-established i:A within a few weeks. -tx . "fM I 1 a. ffta a m ': raru ntaw leiepaoie a letter art to.hicff rataal , M , -iiiiiiiiMMMiiiiiiiiiiiniiMiiiUMiniMniiimiHA i Ti Tl v.-l2-yZ--i "--s'iT"C"VsW-yryxnT-1---., -' - n- ' -'m-'-pri'-W'rp .. "' " I'MiQjiH ' V""H " in;, 'P ''."MMjE'lfllfE. JMflJBBBBBBBJBJIliHBjBffgHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBiJBBBBBBBBB 'TtmtOjLT. MAT II. lltlV0Unless you ask for "DiamondDyes" you may get a poor dye thatstreaks, spots, fades and ruins yourgoods. Every package of DiamondDyes contains simple directions forborne dyeing or tinting any new,-rich, fadeless color into garmemte ordraperies of any material. No mistakes! No failures!(adr-tf-T)ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHJaNRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theofice ef State Senator from theTwenty:eghth Senatorial District,comprising the countiee of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at thapollL.F0& REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAMES H. THOMPSON, of Paris, asa candidate for re-election as Reptseeatativa from Bcurbom County inthe lamer House of the KentuckyLamslatare, subject to the action ofthe fetors of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921."We are authorized .to announceJAMES M. CAIiDWEIiL, of Bourboacounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in theLower House of the Kentucky Iiegi3lature, subject to the action .)f thevoters of the county in the primary'election to be held on August 6,f1921.FOR HH tf MFF,I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCmm.tr at the Primary Election inAugust, 1621. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be" "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.St. ID BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectCully solicits your eupport and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.,FOR COUNTY CLERKWe are authorized tc announceMARCE PATON as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,aupject to the Democratic primaryeiectiom, to be held on Saturday,Am&mt fi, 1121.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,subject tov the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer of-Bourboa. county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,If 21. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a eandi- date for the office of Jailer of Bouraaa tMHtfTt avhlati aa the aotlon ofthe Tutiw fn" the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tar Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at the-primary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democratic5arfcy.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tar Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TATJL andFRANKIE SIDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August They respectfully ask your support.r FOR POLICE JUDOWe are authorized to amnounce J.W. BROWN, of Paris," as a candidateo. yMtm. TiJIm rt tfi niHr t9 !(' 4eutject to the action of the votersla the primary electioa da Augustf , 1121.We are authorised to announceTHEODORE P. NIX, of Paris, -as acaadidate for Police Judge of .theCity ef Parte, aaajaat at the aetlemof the voters at the Briamcy 'leeClaa.a Attract C, ltll.We are authorised to aaaeunoeROBERT 8 PORTER, -of Parte, acaatliata for Ptflaa Mgfj; theCity, ef Parte, ewajeet te the aetlemef tie refers in tfc primary eleeties mi Aaaat a 21 SLTOBACCO'S FOES iLOSING GROUNDCanvass of 7347 Editors Shows7,393 Communities AgainstAjboNtWm Weed.ANTIS LOSE THREE STATES.Utah, Under Momon Influtnee, OnlyCemmenwtami u Adept PreMM-tlea Measure During Yea"Is tobacco golag to have its scalptdded te tee belt oftthe proalblrlaalstbeside that ef the lamented eat ayet aet altogether late alceaetr tethe ojieatiea ashed ay Garret Smithin an article at the earreat issue ofLeslie's Magazine."The writer reaches the conclusionthat while there has been increasedagitation and legislative activity onthe subject of tobacco following thesuccess of the drive for prohibitionef liqaor the efforts ef reformers seeking to abolish tobacco have no generalsupport This opinio is based on theresults of the questionnaires on thesubject sent eut te aewspaper editorsof the countiy by the Press ServiceCompany of New York City,The questions asked were:(1) Do you favor the enactment oflaws prohibiting the 'personal use oftobacco by adults T(2) In your judgment does the general sentiment of your communityfavor such legislation? .',(S) Is the use of tobacco personally objectionable to you?No arguments accompanied the questions and from their form it was impossible for any editor to determinethe attitude of the questioners.Out of 12,618 editors questioned,7,847 replied according to the summarygiven. These editors, it is estimated,represent a combined circulation of21,870,046. Of the 7,847 editors replying, 7,393, or 95 per cent, representpublic sentiment in their communitiesas opposed to anti-tobacco legislation.Only 260 editors, or 8 per cent ofthose replying believed there was anyconsiderable sentiment favorable totobacco prohibition. There were 174,or 1 per cent, in doubt, while 90 failedto record their judgmentEditors' Judgment Unbiased"It is of special interest to notethat 569 editors ia answering the firstquestion, personally favored suchlegislation, although only 260 of themreported that public opinion also favored the prohibition of tobacco anIndication of the conscientious effortmade by the' editors to distinguish public opinion from their own personalopinions," the article continues."The highest percentage of repliesreporting public opinion favorable toprohibition of tobacco came from Utah,where 42 per cent ef the editorsthought the public were for such amovement. Utah is the only statewhich has since adopted an anticigarette law. The result was forecast by several of the editors whostated that the influence of the Mormon Church was against tobacco. TheMormon Church is also strong in Idaho,which is the other state where the useof tobacco was recently prohibited,but tiie governor has signed the billjust passed, in which the prohibitorylegislation is repealed. In this state39 per ceat of the editors estimatesentiment in their communities asagainst tobacco prohibition, which,nevertheless, Is 6 per cent below theaverage reported opposition."The legislature of-Tennessee someweeks ago passed and the governorhas signed a bill repealing the anticigarette law of that state. The questionnaire showed 93 per cent of itseditors believed the public againstanti-tobacco legislation. The legislature of Arkansas has also passed abill repealing its anti-cigarette law. Inthis state 94 per cent of the editorsreported against tobacco prohibition.Arizona's Practical Joke"A bill, introduced in the currentsession of the legislature of Arizonato prohibit smoking in public diningrooms and other public places, wasfirst amended to prohibit the consumption in public of peanuts, chewinggum, tea and coffee and then defeatedby the senate. The questionnairereturns from that state were 92 percent 'no."In Iowa where the 'no's' were 95per cent a bill to repeal the anticigarette law has been passed andsigned by the governor."A bill to repeal the anti-cigarettelaw in Kansas, with 89 per cent 'no's,'is receiving the attention of its legislature. Last year a petition for areferendum in Oregea to prohibit theuse of tobacco failed of sufficient signatures to bring the qaestion to avote, and 95 per cent of the editersdeclare their public against legislation.In Oklahoma an anti-cigarette bill hatbeen reported unfavorably, ia thehouse. The editors ef that state reported 94 per cent against its publicsupport"Oataide of Utah, where Mormonintuence predominates' tae articleconcludes, "the anti-tebacce movement appears, as ia the case of Tennessee; Arkansas and Iewa, te be loslag groand and is not te any considerable extent supported ay the people," ef teaacco feel partica-lariy alaaai alareeewing, iaas-r.stack as intti waa a'saaxhmam yeara laaMatlva drdea with 4t state leglataras'iaVeailsa aad taa taaacco subject received an aaaaaal ofoaaaMscatiaa.saaaaaaaawMMasssaaaliRestored To Health By Tanlac ThreeYears Ago and Still Ia Splendid Condition"It has been three years now sinceTanlac relieved my sufferings andbuilt me up so wonderfully, and it isstill my favorite medicine," said Mra.Cora Fightmaster, 316 Washingtonavenue, Newport Ky."My stomach had been troublingme the worst kind for years andgradually got worse in spite of allthat could be done for me. Threeyears ago, just a few weeks before Igot Tanlac, my condition becameso bad that I was taken to a hospitaland was under treatment there foreight weeks, coming home at the endof that time one of most discouragedpersons in the world. I had fearfulpains in my stomach, was so rundown, weak and nervous that I feltlike I couldn't live, and as nothinghelped me I became down-heartedand despondent almost to despair."Then I made up my pnind to tryTanlac, seeing it so highly recommended) and the very first bottlestopped my stomach pains and nervous troubles and made me eat andsleep well. I soon commenced to regain my lost weight and strengthand it was not long before I was onmy feet again, to. to do my householdwork. Honestly, I don't believe Iwould be living tolday if I had nottaken Tanlac, and I never fail tokeep a bottle, in the house. If Ihave any symptoms of indigestionor begin to feel run-down, Tanlacsoon put me on my feet again,and if I could speak with everybodypersonally who is suffering like I didI would certainly advise them to tryit." (adv)HISTORIC PULPIT' (Beattyville Enterprise)The Christian church at Beattyville enjoyed a unique and interesting little ceremony at the close ofthe regular services. For years theministers who have preached for thatchurch have used a pulpit that wasformerly the property of the oldMain Street Christian Church ofLexington. And only recently it wasdiscovered that the piece of furniturehas a remarkable history. , It is saidthat in the latter part of Novemberand extending over into December,1843, Alexander Campbell, the greatest preacher of his time, and Dr. N.L. Rice, a prominent Presbyterianpreacher, engaged in a protracteddebate, and during this intellectualbattle between two ecclesiasticalgiants, this pulpit was used. In viewof the above facts the Ladies' AidSociety ordered a handsome plateof burnished brass engraved with asuitable inscription in black enamel.After a brief talk by the pastor, theRev. George F Duffy, giving an account of the pulpit and the debate,and mentioning some of the greatpioneers of the Restoration movement who had occupied it, Miss KateReid cajme forward and screwed theplate to the front of the pulpit,oCatarrh Can Be CuredCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe System. HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE destroys the foundation ofthe disease, gives the patient strength feyimproving the general health and assistnature in doing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney 4b Co., Toledo. Ohio.Arctic Sheep Raising.That the arctic lands of northernCanada, where the thermometer goesdown Jto 91 degrees below zero, offerunusual opportunities for growingsheep, cattle, Siberian alfalfa and evenfruit, is the announced belief of anAmerican agricultural expert, in Popular Mechanics Magazine. He recontsaaad tha oross-breadiag af Canadianand Siberian sheep to gain the hardyqualities required.CORNStLift Off with FingersDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withAngers. Truly!Your druggist sells & tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a, few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, and I'ma cnrussa, wstnoui soreuewi ui irritation. Cad.Tror WafaWFrWAaW.Am yaa.aar, Aagar, a Ktidga warranted t -aapfirt any strata la taabridge af a vUifca. ,'tMtaa TraaiariptSHE WHERE'SNOTHING LIKE ITltaraaAWfaraNaaaiiearlnt. -'.Shearers ia Australia r t.m kthe number of sheep they shear, butttlM runnh haln.ai .. jt ..auvxj uciucia hit? (win nv rnaweek. Averairlnr avervthfn -fmmVnilMar nrkM. klL - 1 jm j. ..Von- "m Tv3da. huii:ii ax-p. iiara m ninwas, which are easy, a good maa willhear abaat 00 ar 100 sheep a day. Theactual record is 827 sheep shorn by aQueensland shearers in nine hours. Andother big racacda have been made. Butwas prooaoiy years back withthe "Wades," whaa the fleeces werefiyeHMMBfti MM! JT-.lMinnit anii notnine-paaa aad ten-paund, as they artw7.S. P. M0HNET iChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMCOALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson SeedJ Mills. I willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burnsup. cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.tBlock and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal $5.50Heating Stove Coal $5.50W.J. HOWARDMiner and Shipper of CoalEast Barnstedt and Paris, Ky.Homt Phont 163"IXiiAsrtfaBrtSBAiXIXSHXaaVIXImmmmmMymmi.I i i Tin i ff 1","r inflfli ii'i'i" i1""1','!$ '''Jfi'""'-'''-' 'Sr'' -, ,vV YifVi w - --''' aaaaBBf o- v-", '' ''&" -v , ' , J "' s-wv"V' , '-' '-r aaaaBB;SPwWiWwwHtiW,z - 'SgBBBaa!Lv7v?Tv'''aBBBBBBBBaaPA;: .. -' -aBfaBBBBBBBBatBttMM'. laMBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB! .BBBLVit- v - - :' " VRIaffiaa BBBaaaaaaaaaWlaaaaBaaal;:?;f 'S- ' 'UUBaaaaaaWElaaaaafiaaaaltvy-r---4. .BSIS&aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarab MaaaaaaaawaaaaBi.V' if- .aMtaaf . 5SjBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBTBBBBBS" 'mt BKtBBBBBBBMSBBBB1r ?'' , SGBaaaaBBBBBBBBBBBBjBBBiaBBBBBBBBMaBaVBBBBr 1aBBtataaaaaa!aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaMHiS BJBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBJBJBBRSiilsaMBBBBBBH Bi.A- BBBBBs vNk3BBaBBBBBiX..1;IfnflHMBBalaaaaaaB hiaaBBaaBaaat?KBaaaaaaFHaaaaalaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaHBaaaaasaat' BaaaHaHBaaBaaaaaBalsa BKaaBaaBaBBBaaalBBBBBBBBr aBBBBaCT BBBBBBBBK BB BBBBrPa a&BBBSa' TnTfEf -BBBBBBBBk BBiaBto ?BBBBBB1BBBBBBBBBBpJaBBHCaBaaaBBBBBBBBfc-iHr;'iiiiBiluJjHKBBBBBBBBBf'mimn iiiiiMiiBuiekPre-War Prices onBuicksNow is the time to buy if you everexpect to buy a car.Beginning June 1 the new seriesand prices will be as follows, f . o. b.factories, Flint, Michigan.Old Price Naw PricModel 22-44 Three PassengerRoadster , $1795 $149SModel 22-45 Five PassengerTouring $1795 $152$Model 22-46 Three PassengerCoupe $25SS $2135Model 22-47 Five PassengerSedan. $2S95 $2435Model 22-48 Four PassengerCoupe $2985 $2325Model 22-49 Seven PassengerTouring $2065 $1735Model 22-50 Seven PassengerSedan $3295 $2635t .BUICK MOTOR COMPANY, FLINT, MICH.Plonetr Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor GarsBranches in all Principal Cities Dealers ErsrywhereI C. S. Ball Garage IFourth and Pleasant StrtttsWhs Better Automobiles Are' l"l"M"l"f ltll 1 "WIXiMARY K. TARR M. PEALE COLLIERV. Prasidtnt Secy.- lreasI Going to Build ? iaa bTIibb naiV A BIttMA X.Get Our EstimateLet Us Furnish Your Needs in HighClass Material and Service. 1 v1 tBOURBON LUMBER(Incorporated) ' ,Fourteenth and Main StreetsPARIS, KENTUCKYBoth Phones 1 22(XaaWXifit"''T"tir -.-iiimniiiiBuilt, Buick Will Bail TaaaaIt 1 1 1 1 1 11 III I Mi II H His5 ? AitysaVv -'?"-a'v ,v'oaj';v,. 1' t IPittVCO.IIIX1ABB"'9 - Z". t f &J taa."brTtvt.-',-t v 'w-JU1- "..3-."-v- .. &tH.-.'TUBDT, UT U. 1Ultt!HaiBB!iPfW'-r &f4itMDLURSBURGRELIGIOUS.Mr. and Mrs. Bayles DeBell returned to their home in tUwing" after a viait to their daughter, Mrs.JL M. Caldwell, and family.Mum Minnie Hunter and daughter. Miss Pattie Hunter, of Millersburr, Tieitingr Mrs. A. S. Best,im Maysville, after spending' thewinter in Florida.Mr.-Little, of Georgia, deliveredan address to the Christian Endeavor"Society, at the Presbyterian church,Thursday evening. Refreshmentswere served.Mr. Jesse Feeback and family'attended the commencement exercises of the K. W. C. at Winchester,Saturday evening. Two sons of Mr.Feeback are members of the class of1921. .Mr. R. M. Caldwell sold a partof his household and kitchen furniture Saturday afternoon. The familywill move into temporary quarters'to-day, where they will remain untilthey decide where they are going.Miss Helen Hawkins, of Millersburg, was a visitor at Transylvania-College, in Lexington, Friday, andmatriculated for the next fall session.Miss Hawkins, who 'is completingthe Junior college course in the Mlllersburg College, with distinction, isthe daughter of Mrs. Hawkins, headof the English Department at Transylvania. Seven students from the Millershurg High School took the CountyHigh School examination held atParis, making excellent percentages.giving the school a record of 100per cent. Those taking the examination were: Lillian Donaldson, 94per cent, the largest average in thecounty,; Wm. Thomas Judy, 91 percent; Florence Thomas, 90 per cent;Thelma Hill, 87 per cent; Edith Dalzell, 86 per cent; Jennie Hubbard,85 per cent; Lucille Pruitt, 82 percent.0CALLED MEETING OF STATE.CHIROPRACTORSThe revival meeting being conducted by Rev. Arthur Fox, pastorof the Paris Baptist church, at theAshland Avenue Baptist church, inLexington, continues to attract largeaudiences, and great interest is beingmanifested in the services. Rev. Foxpreached Sunday morning and evening at the Ashland Avenue church,at 3:00 p. m. in the West End Baptist Church, and at 4:30 p. m. in theBrighton Baptist church.Nearly three hundred women attended the 'recent Jmeeting or tneWoman's Missionary Union . of theElkhorn Baptist Association, held atthe Stamping Ground church, inScott county, last week. Mrs. J. O.Smith, of Versailles, superintendent,presided over the metting. Mrs.Walter Clark, of Paris, delivered aninteresting address on the work ofthe young people in the church. Thefollowing from Paris attended themeeting: Mrs. Walter Clark, Mrs. R.B. Smart, Mrs. W. W. Hinton, Mrs.Robert Turner, Mrs. Homer RankingMrs. C. P.' Wilmoth, Mrs. J. T. Tuck-er, Mrs. A. M. Houston, Mr. and Mrs.Thos. W. Spicer. The 1922 meetingwill be held with the Ashland Baptist church, in Lexington.. ToONE CENT SALETHE REXALL ONE CENT SALENOW GOING ON AT VARDEN'SDRUG STORE.. oFRESH HOME-GROWN STRAWBERRIES TO-DAY1AlsfiMO'. .r'Vj-ANDII MPEMfjA I Av2:00 to 5:307:00 to 10:30Nice, fresh-picked strawberries received daily direct from the patch.Let us have your order early if youwant any.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.gREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSTODAY. TUESDAYPAULINE FREDERICKm "MADAME XIs woman's love deeper andmore lasting? thanman's?Let Pauline Frederick answer thisquestion for you in "Madam X."Hailed everywhere as the greatestemotional picture ever made.Also RUTH ROLAND"The Avenging Arrow"And Pathe Newsin. Tomorrow, Wednesday"A ManThere Was"Famous Masterpiece ofHENRIK IBSEN, Featuring the Great American Actorand DirectorVICTOR SEASTROMRecognized by the entire press aa themost wonderful and gripping sea storyever screened.Thursday,. June 2ndMonroe SalisburyIN"TheBarbarian"A Romantic Drama of theNorth Woods.Also Paramount-Sennett Comedy"MOVIE FANS"and "Topics of the Day"ALSOJUANITA HANSENin "The Phantom Foe"WITH WARNER OLANDAnd Pathe NewsADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c. CHILDREN AND GALLERY lfc PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cMATRIMONIAL.It ACE HORSE BREEDER KILLEDIN CAR CRASH.More thaft fifty prominent chiropractors from all parts of the State-were present at a called meeting ofthe Kentifcky Chiropractor's Association held at Phoenix Hotel, Saturday afternoon. The meeting took theplace of one regular semi-annualmeting of the association.Folowing a luncheon for all themembers and their wives, a business meeting was held in the ballroom of the hotel, the president, Dr.M. E. King, of Louisville, presiding.The meeting consisted of a roundtable discusion with talks by several-of the members.' Following the meeting the visitingmembers were taken over the city in"automobiles. The next meeting will IDe Held in Iioulsville, November 28.The officers are: Dr. King, president; Dr. S. P. Mohney, Paris, secretary, and Dr. S. H. Marshall, Frankfort, treasurer.oLandscapes on the moon and Marsand its canals are all depicted in aFrench cinejmatograph film.Harry 1. Mitchell, of the real estate firm of H. Ii. Mitchell & Son,of Paris, purchased of " a Lexingtonreal estate agency the home of W. M.Rogers, . at No. 611 Elsmere Park,in Lexington, and will take possession about July 1. Mr. Mitchell willmove his family to the new home, butwill continue his real estate business in Paris, having flitted up cozyoffices on Sixth street, in the rear oftho Fnrmprs' & Traders' Bank. Mr.Mitchell also purchased a tract ofthirty acres on the Richmond pike,a short distance from Lexington.This will be subdivided into buildinglots and sold at public auction inthe near future.H. L. Mitchell & Son, realtors,sold a four-room cottage located onVine street, belonging, to Mrs. H. A.Mitchell to Wollsteln Bros, for aprice reported about $1,300.oMOORES CANTRILL. Miss Marion L. Cantrill andShelby Morris, both of Bourboncounty, motored to Jeffersonville,Ind., and were married there Thursday night, returning to Paris, Saturday. The bride, aged nineteen, is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. LlewellynCantrill, who reside on the Maysvillepike, between Paris and Millersburgand is quite an attractive and popular young woman. She is a granddaughter of E. F. Cantrill, of Paris.The groom is an industrious youngfarmer. Mr. and Mrs. Morris willreside at the home of the groom,near Paris.SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE! Prices for butter have been well sus-MABKET REVIEWEgg receipts are lighter on "theCream has been received in largerquantities during the week, but; ' Pi O- I ft wir it. ft 1&PALM BEACHSUITS$15 - $18 $20FOR COMFORTIn the latest stylet, in plaincolors and stripes; for menand young men.STRAW HATS$2.50 10 $5.00Price & Co.J Clothiersand FurnishersiK. OF C. TO CELEBRATE "THISGLORIOUS FOURTH."Arrangements are being made bya committee of'enthusiastic workersfrom P. I. McCarthy Council, Knightsof Columbus, for a monster all-daypicnic to he given near Paris onJuly 4. While the arrangementsare yet in the early stages, it issafe to say that the picnic will, likethe previous one given under the auspices of the Knights, be one ofmany enjoyable features, and a winner from start to finish. Tentativeplans for -the big event are in thehands of Jos. J. Grosche and assistants who are working with a goodwill and". earnest purpose to makethe picnic one of the best of thekind ever given in Paris.Though the preparations have notprogressed to a point wnere mucupublicity can be given, we have beenassured by Mr. Grosche that a pleasing program will be presented comprising patriotic speeches by notedorators, reading of the Declarationof Independence, Music by the BoysBand from the Odd Fellows' Homeat Lexington, a cake waiK ior tuechampionship of the Bluegrass, andother features to be decided on later.Further" details of the big eventwill be given publicity through thecolumns of the local papers.-LODGE BOTESAt a meeting of Bourbon Lodge,I. O. O. F., last night Jthe Third Degree was conferred on Kenney Kiser,Stewart Urmston,.. James Rankin andB H. West, who had tasen tne owond Degree at a previous meeting.Applications for membership arecoming 711 at neany every fuu&of the lodge.On account of the discontinuanceof the use of rituals in lodge services and the introduction of cipherwork on July 1, it has been suggested that at the election of Knightsof Pythias officers next Thursdaynight, all Past Chancellors should beelected for the ensuing term. Thisshould be thoroughly discussed before the election, and all memberswho have the good of the order atheart, should be present.More than 1,500 Knights of Pythias are expected in Lexington, June14 to attend the annual conventionof the Grand Lodge and the initiationof the 100 candidates, which will biield in the Lafayette Hotel, whereheadquarters will be established.Invitations have been sent to everypart of the State for Knights to meetin Lexington for one of the largestcelebrations of the sort ever stagedin Lexington. One class of candidates will be initiated into the orderat Winchester, May 30, and practically the entire local organizationwill go there tor the ceremonies.Tii Kniehts will make a specialeffort at 'this 'time to subscribe the$55 000 of the endowment fundwhich is needed to reach the $100,009 mark set by the organization.o-HOWARD WAGNERThe marriage of Miss BettieLarkin Howard and Mr. Harry AlvinWagner was quietly solmenized atthe home of the. officiating minister,Rev. W.- B. Ellis, on Wednesday,May 25, at 3:30 p. m. The bride,the attractive daughter of Mr. andMrs. James H. Howard, of Paris, isthe eldest of four daughters. Shewas attractively attired in a tricotine suit and picture hat, and worea corsage of bride's roses and valleylillies.The groom ' is the eldest son ofMr. and Mrs. A. J. Wagner, of Paris,and is a very industrious young man.Those who witnessed the ceremonywere Misses Louise and HenriettaHoward, sisters of the bride, Mr. andMrs. G. W. Wagner, Mr. J. C. Howard and Mr. and Mrs. Neal.P. Harney. The happy couple are away ontheir honeymoon, and expect tosoonbe at home on South -Main street, inthis city.o4t Sidney Bedford, Frankfort, racehorse breeder, .was killed earlv Friday night, when his sedan was ieaamg marKets and some advance iswrecked by an L. & I. passenger car noted in quoted prices for fine grad-in the heart of Shelbyville. . ng stock. To bring best prices, eggsMr. Bedford, who is 68 years old, 'should be gathered daily, held in awas driving alone and it is supposed cool place ana marketed frequently.he was on his way to Frankfort fromthe Louisville races.It is believed he mistook the headlight of the interurban car for anarc light. He deliberately drove 'onto the track with the traction caronly a few feet away. His skull wasfractured and he was killed almost'instantly. iMr. Bedford owned a large estatenear Spring Station, in Franklincounty, near the Woodford countyline, where for many years he hadengaged in farming and race horsebreeding. Trainer Dan Morris, ofParis, has been racing Ben Valet atChurchill Downs at the presentmeeting for Mr. Bedford.tained.-Poultry moving from the farms inlarger quantities and prices are generally lower on the consuiming markets and in producing sections.Alligators grow very slowly. Atwelve-footer may be reasonably supposed to be about 75 years old.Minimum hi i m 1 1 1 hi i iiiiiii i i 1 1 1 1 1 1 in i m tjtGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Servicet BOTH TELEPHONESDay NightHis widow, who lives in Frankfort, $and a son. Thos. Bedford, who runs Ihis father's farm, survive. II II I II M III 1 1 H HI I III II II 1 1 II I III II 1 1 1 H I II I II III IBIRTHS.- Mr. and Mrs. Emmet Mastin, ofLexington, are receiving congratulations on the birth of a fine baby bqy,who has been christened Emmet EarlMastin, Jr. Mrs. Mastin was formerly Miss Louise McWhorter, ofMillersburg.oAKRSTED OK SERIOUS CHARGE.R. E. Steip, white, was arrestedin North Middletown by Chief ofPolice Link, and brought to theParis jail, on a charge of obtainingmoney under false pretenses andgrand lareeny. It w.as alleged thatSteip, under the alias of GeorgeGreen, vhad passed an alleged checkfor $35 on a Pans merchant. Steipaccompanied by his wife, engaged ataxicab in Paris to take him toNorth Middletown. Chief Link followed and learned that Steip hadengaged passage in another taxicabgoing to Mt-. Sterling. Waiting until Steip appeared the officer placedhim under arrest and brought himto Paris.oNEW PAPER PLANKED FOR MANCHESTER The plant of the Clay County Clarion, at Manchester, which has notbeen publishing for some time, hasbeen purchased, by Judge D. L. Lyttie County Superintendent D. M.Allen T. L. Adams, and Professor,William J. Moore. They-;are contemplating starting a new paper knownas the Clay County News.oDROVE CATTLE TO MARKETM. Hisle, of Clark county, was a;visitor at the home of Wm. Ecton,in Mt. Sterling, last week. Mr.'Hisle is ninety-three and is probablythe only man livingto-day that hawalked across the country in earliacdays and driven fat cattle to the NerYory markets before the day of railway service.- fcj.- - - . ." .ivWIuJellyflfin. aiso Known as aea -. In Eand "Miss" formerly wfrequentlrnnoy nauicro uj 5- ... , -. t , - der ten.,m low price onusAt this Economy StoreThe very best Spring Footwear styles now on sale atprices lowest in years.Buy your new Spring and Summer Footwear at thisstore this week and you will know the reason why we holdthe reputation of selling quality footwear at one-third lessprices.This Week's Bis ValuesLadies' Fine Soft Kid English Lacefords, high and low heels. Special-Ox-y$3.49Newest styles Ladies Brown KidSlippers and English Lace Oxfords,values. Special-Strap$6.00S3.99Ladies' White Canvas English LaceOxfords.Canvas' English Lace L"f QQSpecial eCCLadies' high grade beautiful Spring stylesSatin, Black Suede Strap Slippers. Valuesto $9.00. Special$5.95Men's New Spring Shoes and Oxfords, TanEnglish, Vici Kid and Gun Metal. RubberHeels. $7.00 values. Special$4.95Boy Scout Shoes, made of soft, tan elk. Agreat shoe for wear. $3,00 values. All sizesup to 6. Special -$1.99Children's Foot-form Tan Lace Oxfords fordress or play. Sizes 5 to 11, Special$1.99Men's Good Wear.Tan Work Shoes t QQSpecial-, H -Special For Graduation and CommencementWhite Slippers and PumpsCOHENWhere ieiuty nil Vcmmmj RdgftDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreJHL jLil imw fhfcm. , . ..,- , tiL .SPfD55"""v nIT'iT? ST vx.,r J -& CJkSOI lr , . f.SMl j.iLaI.: -.. v' t ' '- -:c -"s..-...if nHil &$?& '&:?'& mt '-t, tji4-?X-