.-BOURBONTHENEWS!'.-iyH &;j.'.-n:- :izafeTL-tt' -w vfvbm' ?:vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 1921.jf ,JAKES M. CALDWELL WITHDRAWS FROM RACE FORUP1SEHTATIVTo The Voters of Bourbon County:Ladies and Gentlemen: After acalm and deliberate considerationof all the things involved in connection with a political race, and at thesuggestion of a number of my personal friends, I have decided to withdraw my candidacy in the race fornomination for the office of Representative from Bourbon county inthe Lower House of the Kentuckylegislature, in favor of my opponent,Hon. James H. "Thompson.I hereby thank all my supportersand those who were pledged to me,and ask that they all give Mr.Thompson a hearty support in thegreat common cause of Democracy.He has been clean in his campaign,and I hope he will not have opposition at the regular election in November. I have tried to conduct mycompaign on a high plane, and thinkI have done so, and have no feelingwhatever against those who opposedmy candidacy.Very Couteously,JIM. M. CALDWELL.SHUFF TALES OH COMMUNITYSERVICE PROGRAMALLEGED BOOTLEGGER ARRESTEDJ. W. McClure, giving Paris as hisplace of residence, was arrested in' Winchester at the Union railway station by Patrolmen Tarpey and Oliver,and placed in jail. McClure whenarrested "had in his possession suitcase comtaiming a gallon of moonshine whisky. A revolver was foundin hia pocket. .."He was charged with havingwhisky in his possession and carrying concealed a deadly weapon. Hewill be given a hearing in the CountyCourt Monday. mMcClure was arranged in Courtat Winchester, Wednesday, and fined$50 and costs for having whisky inhis possession, and was also given afine of $50 and costs and ten dayoin jail for carrying concealed a deadly weapon.A large audience greeted John L.Shuff, of Cincinnati, a native ofBourbon county, at the court housein this city Tuesday night, when hearose to deliver what proved to bea delightful and inspiring address onthe benefits to be derived from playgrounds for the children of Parisand for the Community Service program of the city.Mr. Shuff was introduced to hisaudience by Judge Denis Dundon.Previous to the address a number ofcommunity songs were rendered bya selected number of vocalists under the direction of A. L. Boatright,while vocal numbers were renderedby Mrs. Macie White Fithian andHiram Redmon. It had been announced that the meeting would bepreceded by a band concert in frontof the court house, but this wasabandoned after it had been learnedthat the band was not prepared forthe occasion.Mr. Shuff delivered a characteristic Shuff talk, full of pep and vim,and bristling with good, things. Inhis address he emphasized the importance of community service in men'slives. He dwelt on tne iaci mai tuogreatest asset is not the amount ofwealth in a community, but the contribution that is made for the goodof humanity. speaKing irumown experience he said that he hadfound more joy in helping "the other fellow" than in accumulatingearthly goods for himself. He urgedencouragement of the playgroundsmovement, declaring that the futurecitizenship of Paris would be determined by the environment that iscreated for the children to-day.Throughout his talk Mr. Shuffstrongly emphasized the development of community spirit throughco-operation and service to the community. He was warmly applaudedand at the conclusion of the addresswas greeted by many wno nau snowuhim in his earlier days, before he hadgained fame and fortune.oPEATHS.STOCKDALE.Mrs. J. M. Stockdale, aged sixtyseven died at her home in Nicholascounty, after a short illness. Sheis survived by her husband, two sons,four brothers and two sisters, one ofwhom, Mrs. Hitt, resides in Paris.The funeral and interment took placein the Mt. Tabor Cemetery, in Nicholas county, with services conductedby Rev. B. K. Kidwell.FORMANJohn Forman, aged eighty-two,one of Mt. Sterling's foremost citizens, died of blood poison at his homein that city Monday. Besides hiswidow he is survived by five daughters, one of whom, Mrs. Bettie Lyall, resides at North Middletown, andtwo sons. The funeral was held atthe grave in Machpelah Cemetery,with services conducted by Rev.Clyde Darsie, pastor of the Christianchurch.Y. M. C. A. NOTESThe following" named girls passedthe beginners swimming test at the' Y M. C. A. Wednesday: Gladys Farmer, Ida Lee Wheeler, FrancesThompson, Mary Felix Swinford,Josephine Ardery, Hilary Davis,Florence McCarty, Edna Earl Rum-mins, Estelle Collins, Alice uurura,Margaret Martin, Lula May Christman. ..Classes for girls will be continuedthroughout the summer meetingTuesday and Thursday at 2:30 p. m.,and for women on Tuesday andThursday at 7:30 p. m.oWOOL WANTEDWE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL. CALL AHD GET SACKS.R. B .HOTCHCRAPT & CO.HENRYWilliam F. Henry, aged sixtythree, died at his home in Mt. Sterling, after a long illness of Brights'disease. Mr. Henry had a large circle of friends and relatives in Bourbon county. Besides his widow, heis survived by three daughters andthree sons.The funeral was held at the family home in Mt. Sterling, the bodybeing taken to North Middletown,where services were conducted at thegrave in the North Middletown Cemetery by Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastorof the North Middletown Christianchurch.SEVERAL CITY OFFICES TO BEAPPOINTIVEThe whirligig of time and politics brings about many remarkableand startling changes. This saying Ispeculiarly applicable just now in thelight of events and the shadow ofothers to come.Several weeks ago, an ordinancewas passed in the City Council taking from the voters of the city ofParis the right to say who they preferred for the Chief of Police, andvesting the power of naming thatofficial in the persons of the CityCouncil. That it is the intention togo a step further and make the officeof Police judge and perhaps that ofMayor, appointive ones, is the message borne on the wings of rumor,with a suggestion of nlausabilitv inthe way. It was rumored yesterday!tnat tne City Attorney had been instructed to prepare an ordinance incorporating this feature, and to haveit presented for consideration at thethe next meeting of the City Council. The possibility of such actionhas deterred the announcement- orat least deferred the hopes of oneaspirant for the office of PoliceJudge, who after hearing the rumors,MATRIMONIAL.The following handsomely engraved announcements have beenissued:"Mr. R. N. Riersonannounces the marriage of hisdaughterNatalie ChristellatoMr. Dan W. Peed, Jr.,Tuesday, the fourteenth of June.One thousand nine hundred andtwenty-one,Paris, Kentucky."RIERSON PEEDThe marriage of Miss NatalieChristella Rierson and Mr. Daniel W.Peed, Jr., of Paris, was quietly solemnized at 2:45 o'clock Tuesday afternoon, at the home of the bridegroom's parents, Mr. and Mrs. DanielW. Peed, Sr., on South Main street,in the presence of relatives and afew intimate friends. The ceremonywas performed by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The marriage of this popular youngLODGE NOTJSFOX.BOURBON GUN CLUB TO HOLDSPECIAL SHOOTAs a departure from their semimonthly program, and in order tokeep the club members' eyes sharpand their triger finger i good shape,the Bourbon Gun Club will havt aspecial shooting tournament on theclub grounds in East Paris this afternoon. , T,The program comprises a. "race between the Cane Ridge team,captained by James M. Caldwell, andthe Sure Hits under command ofAmos Turney. The contest will bea 500 target race. .!.All club members and teittafshooters are expected to attend thisshoot which promises real sport.The team raci will start promptlyat 130 P. m., arid as soon as It isfinished all others shooters' wUl Jakepart and shoot the rest of the afternoon.FRANK&CO.mminni mm m "ini innii"""7LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPECIAL SALEThe funeral of Miss Sallie Fox,aged eightysix, who died at theCounty Infirmary, near RuddlesMills, Monday, of the infirmities ofage, was held Tuesday afternon attwo o'clock, with services conductedat the grave in the Paris Cemeteryby Rey, Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church.Miss Fox had been an inmate ofthe institution for a long time." Shewas a sister of the late Wm. P. Fox,for many years employed by the Louisville & Nashville as a night watchman. So far as could be ascertainedshe had no living relatives, and saveher associates in the Infirmary, shehad no acquaintances in this vicinity.renconsidered and decided to remain couple had been anticipated foroutside. I some time by their many friends, butItney kept their own counsel, andkept the date a secret until a fewhours before the ceremony was performed. Following the ceremony and receiving congratulations and bestwishes, Mr. and Mrs. Peed left fora short honeymoon trip to points inIndiana. On their return they willgo to housekeeping on Twelfth street.The groom is the only son of Mr.He is book-VOTE FOR PEABCE PATON.oAUTO COLLISIONIn a collision Tuesday afternoon!at the corner of Broadway and Mainbetween an auto driven by J. M.Harney and a motor truck driven byJ. "R. Deiarnette. both cars wereslitrhtlV damased. Mr. Deiarnette an Mrs. D. W. Peed.was driving down Broadway and,keePer at the Farmers' & Traders'started to turn into Main street just i Bank, and is a young man of manyas Harney passed the corner. The fine traits of character, with a largeDejarnette truck was turned half- circle or warm mends. His bride isway around and the fenders bent,and the axle of the Harney machinewas bent. The drivers both escapedinjury.Joseph Frakes, the well-knownstockman was slightly injured Weda daughter or Mr. and Mrs. ueorgeN. Rierson, of Mitchell, South Dakota. During the past term she hasbeen a- member of the Paris HighSchool faculty as supervisor of Domestic Science and Art departments.Bourbon Lodge L O. O. T. mas toignated Sunday, Jume 2, as Memorial Day. The exercises will to 11in the Paris Cemetery at $:'. muSunday. Rev. J. L. Clarke, pastorof the Mt Sterling Metkodistchurch, and a member of fiburbos.Lodge, will deliver the addrwe. Tmgraves of deceased members will sdecorated with flowers.The following delegates from Rathbone Lodge No. 12, Knights of Pythits, attended the Grand Lodsrs sssating in Lexington this week: Dr..Avonia Kiser, D. Y. L. Farley, The.M. Funk, John K. Cahal, Pj J. Mc-uora, n. H. Ecklar, Louis Wollstein, Walter Blythe and RoscoeCarmichael.The Pythian Sisters were also insession and a number went overTuesday night to take part in Pythian Sisters ceremonial, ball and"Dokies" banquet, as follows: Mrs.J. K. Cahal, Miss Sadie Fuller, Mrs.T. H. Harp, Miss Shelly Storey, MissBeatrice Fuller, Mrs. H. C. Ogle, Mrs.J. W. McCord, Mrs. T. A. Bratton,Mr. Chas. M. Plummer, Mr. J. K.Cahal, Mrs. Ida W. Snyder and Mrs.M. Jefferson.The meeting of the KentuckyGrand Lodge, Knights of Pythias,closed Wednesday night at the Lafayette Hotel, in Lexington, with election of the following oflcers: J. L.Anderson, Manchester, Grand Chancellor; W. L. Moss, Pinerille, Grand:Vice Chancellor; Xmil Doorman, Louisville, Grand Prelate; B. P. Subanks, Bowling Green, Grand Chancellor of The Exchequer, B. W. Hunter, Nicholasville, Grand Master-at-Arms;J. H. Dunkie, Covington,Grand Inner Guard; George Owens,.Grand Outer Guard; J. W. Carter,'Lexington, Grand Keeper of Recordsand Seal; Dr. R. H. McLean, Wllmore, and R. A. Young, Lexington,,Supreme Representatives to the Supreme Lodge, to be held at SanFrancisco, Cali. The next meeting?of the Grand Lodge will be held in;Louisville, in June, 1922.nesday night in an auto accident ne is an unusuauy aiiracuve anawhich occurred on the Georgetown , charming young woman, with gracesnear Paris. Mr. Frakes was 01 cnaracter tnai -nave enaearea nerPARKER.Mrs. Cordelia Parker, aged seventy-three,died yesterday afternoonat 4:30 o'clock at the home of hersister, Mrs. W. T. Talbott, after-anillness extending over a period ofseveral weeks from a complicationof diseases.Mrs. Parker was a daughter of thelate Mrs. Wm. Ford, of Paris,and was well-known to nearly everyone in the city. She was for severalyears connected with the L. Frankdry goods store, and had been treasurer for several years of St. Peter'sEpiscopal Church, in this city, ofwhich she had been a faithful anddevoted member for almost her lifetime. She was the widow of Wm.V. Parker, for many years in theclothing business with W. T. Talbott, and was a woman of the highest Christian character. For thepast forty-five years she had madeher home with her sister, Mrs. W. T.Talbott, who survives her.The funeral will be held at St.Peter's Episcopal church this (Friday) morning at 10:30 o'clock,with services conducted by the rector,Rev. W. S. Cain. The intermentwill follow on the family lot in theParis Cemetery.road,driving a bunch of cattle belongingto Calvin Jones, when an. auto approaching unexpectedly, struck him,knocking him down, and inflictingslight bruises. The driver of theauto continued on his way unneea-to a large circle of friends and acquaintances.DAY WELTYEvery little while cute Dan Cupid comes along with a real sure-ing the prostrate man, and made no enough surprise wedding, one of theoffer of assistance. Mr. Frakes, who ! real variety. There are others thatwas only slightly injured, was able! have been "surprises" to hundredsnnmp in Paris. The identity of i that have known all the details inthe driver was not discovered, andthe machine was going so fast thatthe license number could not be readon the tag.. oFORMER PABISAN IMPROVINGadvance. But THE NEWS herewitnchronicles one of the real kind,which took place in this city yesterday afternoon.At three o'clock, at the home ofthe officiating minister, Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch,, Miss Maude Day, for manyyears a valued attache of the ParisHome Telephone Company in thiscitv. became the bride of Mr. Charles; Welty, of the C. S. Ball Garage. TheDON'T FORGETTHE GOmG-OOT-OF-BirSniEflftSALE AT THE CINCINNATI STORE.SALE NOW GOING ON.oSPECIAL SALE ON PORCH FURNITURE AND RUGS.August C. Goodsight (formerlyGutzeit) a former- resident of Paris,who accidentally shot himself at hishome in Los Angeles, Cali., someweeks ago, has so much improved only attendants were Mr. ana Airs,that he will be moved from the Los James Day, Jr., of Paris. The brideAngeles Hospital, to his home in that Was charmingly gowned in a handcity this week. Mrs. William A. Mc-1 some tailored traveling suit of brown,Dowell, who has been with her sister, with hat and shoes to match, andMrs. Goodsight, during Mr. Good- carried a corsage bouquet of Ophesight's illness, left yesterday for her J na roses and lilies of the valley,home in Lexington. Mrs. Welty is the daughter of Mr.Some time ago THE NEWS took and Mrs. James C. Day, Sr., of nearthe- Lexington Leader to task for pris. She is one of the most popualleged mispelling of the name of this j iar young women in the city, and herpopular former Parisian, but it i friends are legion. By her accommo-seems The Leader is rigni. jjuhub dating ana courteous manmu sue uuSPECIAL SALE ON ALL PORCHAND LAWN SWINGS, ROCKERSAND PORCH RUGS. PRICES TEASWILL SURPRISE YOU AND PLEASfiYOU.(17-tf) A. F. WHEELER 6 00.Mrs. Allie Smith Dickson, anda grandson of former CountyJudge Henry C. Smith, of North:Middletown. He is a young man ofgreat promise, a college graduateand one of the county's most sterling!young farmers.the world war Mr. Goodsight, who is"?Children'sGinghainDresses$1.00AMEACH"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSDAILEYFollowing an illness of twoweeks, due to a complication of diseases, Elezar Dailey, aged eighty,died; at the home of his son-in-law,Thomas W. Spicer, on Houston ayenue, Tuesday afternoon at 6:45o'clock. Mr. Dailey had heen in failing health for some time, was takensuddenly ill about two weeks ago,and steadily grew worse until the endcame.Mr. Dailey was a native of England. He was for many years engaged Jn business in Covington, butretired from active business pursuitsabout twenty years ago, since whichhe has divided his time between thehomes of his children. He was aveteran of the Civil War, and wasa man of high intellectual attainments, well-read and thoroughly familiar with the issues of the times.He was especially interested in welfare work, and was familiarly knownto the children of Paris as "GrandpaDailey." He was greatly attached tochildren, and each summer foundhim planning some kind of outdooramusement for them. A few daysbefore he was taken ill Mr. Daileywas preparing an entertainment forthe children of his vicinity and hadmade the rounds delivering to eachone an invitation to be his guest ata children's party to be held on avacant lot on Houston avenue. Itwas while thus engaged that hisstrength became overtaxed and ledup to his last illness.He is survived by two children,Mrs. Thomas' W. Spicer, of Paris, andAlfred B. Dailey, a building inspectorof Covington.The funeral was held at 9:30o'clock yesterday morning at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Spicer, onHouston avenue, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church, assisted by Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church. The bodywas taken to Lexington, where- theinterment took place in the Lexing-noHtioned the Legislature to have hisname changed from Gutzeit to Goodsight, which is now the proper speling. We tender our profoundestapologies to The Leader, and givethis information for the benefit ofParis people, who had been wondering if "Gus Goodsight" could possibly be our own popular "Gus Gutzeit."a secure place in the esteem of theas'loyal an American as ever lived, j patrons of the Home Company, whereNEW HXTURE ADDEDS. H. SHIVELY & SON'S MEATMARKET ON MAIN STREET, HAVEJUST INSTALLED A NEW THESCOFREEZER DISPLAY COUNTERWHICH ENABLES THE PURCHASER TO SEE ALL OF THE DIFFERENT KINDS OF CUTS OF MEATAND AT THE SAME TIME DOESNOT COME IN CONTACT wixntittst flu. TTTES. IT WILL PAYYOU TO STOP IN THIS CLEAN, jSANITARY MEAT MARKET AbTHEIR PRICES 'AKE, AS LOW ASTHE LOWEST AND ON SOMEMEATS THEY ARE LOWER THANALL OF THE REST.o-HURT BY BURSTING TIREElliott Johnson, employed hy theCumberland Telephone Company, inParis, received a severe scalp woundwhen a tire which he was inflating atthe White Front Garage blew out,a fragment striking him in the head.After his wound had been dressed,Mr. Johnson resumed work.VOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.SCISSORS SHARPENING ASPECIALTYHaving Installed a modern sharpening machine we are prepared tosharpen scissors, knives or cutlery ofany kind accurately. This is one ofthe best machines ever made andputs on a true bevel edge and sharpest cutting surface. Call on us.HONICAN BROS BARBER SHOP.Ninth and Main.oThe use of water-carts threatensto extinct the women wei . - S T - T;; circlefor centuries an institution m jeru-jana aannrca - T the sonshe has most acceptably filled the position of cashier and bookkeeper forthe past twelve years. Mr. Weltyhas for six years been a highly valued employe of the C. S. Ball Garage,in this city, and that he has beena faithful and industrious one goeswithout saying.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Welty left on the Louisville & Nashville train for a short honeymoontrip to visit the bridegroom's mother,Mrs. Mary C. Welty, at Portsmouth,Ohio. On their return to Paris theywill go to housekeeping. THE NEWStenders sincere congratulations toto the worthy young people.COLLINS DICKSONOne of the brilliant social eventsof the season was the wedding ofATicc Mildred Collins, and Mr. Stanley Smith Dickson, both .of the NorthMidrlletown vicinity, which was solemnized at eight o'clock last night.at the North Middletown Christianchurch. The beautiful and impressive ceremony was performed byRev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor of thechurch, and was witnessed by a vastassemblage of friends and relativesof the popular young people.The bride, charming and lovely inher bridal gown, was given in marriage at the altar by her father, Mr.John T. Collins. The best man wasCapt. William Collins, brother of thebride, and her sisters, Misses MarieCollins and Louise Collins being respectively maid of honor and bridesmaid. Raymer Jones was groomsman. The ushers were Robert Jones,Graham Young, Clay Sutherland.The church was beautifully decoratedfor the happy occasion. Musical selections were rendered by Mrs. Robt.Jones, with Miss Elizabeth Crutcherpresiding at the organ.After the ceremony and receivingthe congratulations of the largecrowd of friends Mr. and Mrs. Dickson left for an extended honeymoontrip to points in the East. On theirreturn they will be at me at teDickson home near North Middle-The bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. John T. Collins, andis oneof the fairest and moit cultured women of the county, a graduate of the.University of Kentucky, and loveaofWe Know HowlThe Latest ShowingOFSTRAW HATSILKSHIRTLIGHT-WEIGHTUNDERWEARSilk SocksLadies' Silk HoseWash TiesFlannel TrousersAllf the above arequality goods of ttamdard makes.If you want the bestsummer goods at theright prices, see us.See Window Display!"We Know HowMITCHELL &BLAKEMOREfc Jill;rfh-Mirimru' i iHIJih&uhia ,t,T lP".ImVKHn'ivVl!-crlMfjII HlUlllfj H If ton Cemetery.Isalem. . . .- itmmhw. x.6""--J , -, -' ' ;- - "'-34 rif ' evrs mia.TAGTRI BOURBON N1CW8, PAIS, UNTUCK!"'tf n Occupation."Wkere a man lived and what he dtifir a Urlng were two very prolificMrce from which was derived theBtM which eventually stuck to thateren although they mightI'thair trade or live in some oth-part of the country.A Business Man."He was a wonderful man for buslftsjH, My boy he even trained his litIU firl to put her pennies in the gasjpCer, and 'she thought it was hersjoney box'DKWaddcllkrPikRcmedvPosit Suffer-Don't be OperatedE sta you bars trie Dr. WmiAJTBill fr. AboIfrlyfcml-i Gs-gsSsMi to fir akohiSs ssftiaEsclMSi rrnhmM. ?I.50pf iw atytwt If sot write .fcsMSMlLJkpMSJBJBSJBBBSSBBSHBBBBBBBBBSSSSSJHBJBCOALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson Seed Mills. I willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burnsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal:.., ...$5.50Heating Stove Coal $5.50EDTTOHAX ITHTGS OF THIS.THAT OT TOTHERWhat keeps a homely girl in agood humor with a smile always onher face is she knows if she liveslong enough she will he a pretty oldone.It is said that Paris women of the"servant class" no longer wish to dowhat is termed general housework.As women of all other classes alwayshated it the unpopularity of generalhousework now extends to the wholeof the sex whose "sphere" it wascalled in the old days.fNews item: "The Pord plant hasbuilt 5,000,060 flivvers."And the average motorist whotries to drive a big car throughcrowded traffic will swear that mostof those 5,000,000 Fords are usingthe same street he K And the average pedestrian who tries to cross thestreet is of the same opinion.One-third of the people in the country think they can beat a lawyer inexpounding the law. One-hafr thinkthey can beat the physician in healing the sick. Two-thirds of themthink they can beat a preacher inelucidating the Gospel, and everymother's son of the whole bunch issure he can give an editor ace andspades and beat him out in managing and editing a newspaper.Music may have charms to soothethe savage, but when the civilizedperson is taken into consideration itdepends upon the kind of music. Ifafter retiring, his slumbers are disturbed hy the bawling of a bunch ofbig-mouth Amazons like those whoinhabit certain quarters of Paris, hefeels more like arising and huntingfor a sawed-ofC shotgun in order thathe may start something. These nighthowlers, we may call them, shoulduse a muffler, or remain indoors.Frederick W. Galbraith, decoratedby three governments during thewar, head of the American Legion,prominent in business in Cincinnati,met death in a curve in the roadover which a friend's automobile wasdriving. It is unconventional tosuggest to a driver to lessen breakneck speed It is courageous andconventional, to take the risk, and ifneed b, die. Of course, the late Mr.Galbraith was not lacking in courageor politenes but he's dead!oHUMPHREYS TO EDIT VIRGINIADAILYW.J. HOWARDMiierand Shipper of CoalCast ferasttdt and Paris, Ky.Hamt Phwit 13An OrdinancePROVIDING FOR THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OF THEFOLLOWING STREETS IN THECITY OF PARIS, TO-WIT:TENTH STREET FROM 'EASTMARGIN OF MAIN TO WESTMARGIN OF PLEASANTSTREET, AND MAIN STREETFROM BANK ROW TO THEBRIDGE OVER STONER CREEKWITH VITRIFIED BRICK, ASPHALT, BITULITHIC WOODBLOCKS, ROCK ASPHALT ANDCONCRETE PAVING OR OTHERTYPE OF PAVED STREETS,AND BY THE CONSTRUCTIONOF CURBS AND GUTTERS ONthe Mccenfol biddtr shall faiktoenter into said" contract and executesuch bond- within said fifteen days,the City of Paris will retai theamount of said certified check asliquidated damages for such failure,if any. The checks-of the unsuccessful bidders will be returned immediately after the letting.7. This ordinance shall becomeeffective and be in full force fromanr after its passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.(lljune-4t), ' For SaleOne-ton Truck; bargain; 'price$225.00.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.(may-tf)niDAY, JUMS IT, lfttggggggggai i i mmWantedTo buy used furniture. Highestprice paid for furniture or anytkimsof value. Call Cumb. Phone SSO.BOURBON FURNITURE CO.,210 Main Street7june-tf)-TLostBOTHCEPTSIDES THEREOF EX-Joe A. Humphreys, formerly a Lexington newspaper man and later telegraph editor of the Louisville Herald, has been named as managing editor of the Norfolk Post, at Norfolk,Va., a new afternoon daily paper tobe launched there the latter part ofthis month by the Scripps-McRaeLeague, which owns the CincinnatiPost and a score of other daily papers in the United States. Mr. Humphreys for the past year has beencity editor for. the Norfolk LedgerDispatch. oAccording to estimates made fromthe last census figures there are26,883,566 women of voting age inthe United States.WHERE THE SAME ISALREADY CONSTRUCTED INCONFORMITY WITH ITS SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE PROPOSED WORK, AND PROVIDING FOR THE PAYMENT OFTHE COST THEREOF.BE IT ORDAINED by the Boardof Council of the City of Paris inregular meeting assemDiea in xneCity Hall in Paris, Ky., on Thursdaynight, May 26th, 1921, that pursuantto the resolution heretofore adoptedby the Board of Council on May 22,1919, at to Tenth Street, and theresolution of February 26th, 1920,as to Main Street, and both ofwhich resolutions were publishedas required by law, the following described streets and parts of streetsin the City of Paris be improved bythe original construction of the roadways thereof with virtrified brick,asphalt, bitulithic, wood blocks, rockasphalt, concrete pavinjr or othertype of paved streets, and hy theconstruction of curbs and gutters onboth sides thereof except whre thesame is already constructed in conformity with the plans and specifications for the proposed work, towit: Tenth Street from East margin of Main Street to Westmarginof Pleasant Street and Main Streetfrom Bank Row to the bridge overStoner Creek.2. That said improvements shallbe made according to plans andspecifications heretofore adopted bytheBoard of Council of the City ofrls.Somewhere on the streets of Paris,'a black morocco hand bag containing ladies' wearing apparel, pair offeyeglasses ana articles ot jewelry.The name of Mrs. B. D. Bosworth ojitag attached to handle. ,iSuitable reward for return to THEJNEWS office. (14-2t)First Class CoalWe carry a supply of first-classcoal at all times.We will deliver by truck to anypart of the country at very reasonable prices.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON.Paris, Ky. fE. T. Phone 711. 7Home Phone 510.(F-tf) TMAKE THEM WPYAT HOME WITHTo the People of Paris andSurrounding Country :I will open a photograph studioat No. 7, Broadway,' opposite courthouse, Paris. If you want good.finely-finished photos at a reasona-,ble price, call ana give me a tnai.Will be open for business in about10 days.(3-2wks) M. O. DORATELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.Wt have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS ami thtr toysftfft ovtr from tha hoMays,Let- Us Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.-T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEEXCURSONCINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35-L. & N.$2.35Sunday, June 19, 1921ISSSgSArtists1at theiRedpath Chautauqua(THIRD NIGHT)ryl.KATHARINE MDGEWAYNationally-Known for her Incomparable Interpretative RecitalsHARRY YEAZELLE MERCERGreat American Tenor who has wondie hearts of flhautauqua audiences .HAROLD AYRESViolinist--One of the foremost of theyounger artistsaRedpath ChautauquaSeven Big DaysSEASON TICKETS $2.75. PLUS 10 TAXt-IREDRKTHr"HTlAt Paris July 8th to 15th, 1921Par3. That the cost of improving saidroad ways shall be paid as follows,to-wit: one-third of the total costthereof imcluding the cost of the improvement oi xne intersection wimother public ways including one-halfof the width of the street being improved opposite other streets or alleys which run into but do not 'crossihe street or alley so being improved, and all of that portion of anystreet abutting upon property be-I longing to the City, and all the cost01 ail improvements wnere wie smutting owner is a public school, cemetery, county, State or United States.snail De paid Dy tne uity oi ransout of the general fund; and the remaining two-thirds of said cost andthe cost of all curbing and gutteringshall be made as the exclusive cosof the owners of real estate abuttingon such improvements, to be apportioned among and assessed uponthe lots or parcels of real estateabutting feet, and a tax shall belevied upon such lots or parcels ofreal estate for the payment of thecosts -assessed thereon, which taxshall be due and payable at the CityTreasurer's office upon the completion of tfre work and acceptancethereof by the Board of Councilprovided, however, that the portionassessed against the abutting property may be paid on the ten yearpayment plan as provided by law.4. AnjL.jSUch tax which is notpaid within thirty days after thesame becomes due and payable, unless the property owners shall haveexercised their option to pay forsame on the ten year payment plan,as above provided shall have addedthereo a penalty of ten per centumof the amount of the tax, and thereshall be a lien upon such lot or parcel of real estate for the part of thecost of said improvement so assessedthereon, and the same shall bearinterest at the rate of six per centumper annum from the time of theassessment until paid.5. This ordinance shall nave tworeadings before the Board of Council, and ten days shall intervene between the first and second readings.Upon the final adoption of this or-dinance the improvement committeeis directed to advertise for bids fortwo consecutive weeks in the Bourbon News and Kentuckian-Citizen,newspapers published in BourbonCounty, Kentucky, being the officialpublications of the City of jParis forthe construction of said streets, outof each of the materials as hereinprovided.Bids for said work shall be received in open council on the 14thday of July 1921, at 8:00 o'clock p.m. and said work shall be let to thelowest and best bidder.6. All bids shall be' in writing andunder seal upon blanks furnished bythe City Engineer, and addressed toJ. W. Hayden, Clerk of the City ofParis. Each bidder must accompanyfhis bid with a certified check nav-able to'C. K. Thomas, City Treasurer,for an amount equal to 10 per centder's bond in the sum of Two Thousand Dollars, conditioned that suchbidder, if awarded -the contract, willenter into a -written .contract andexecute a good and sufficient bondconditioned for the faithful performance of said contract, within -fifteendays after the award is made. IfSpecial train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. nuCity Time). For further infoijmation, consult Local Ticket Agent.dt ,.Become a Saver!Buy a Lexington Utilities Bond and.' helpthe growth of the Blue Grass Community.Bonds sold at 90 either for cash ormonthly payment plan.on aYIELD 7.6$'0We pay 6 per cent interest on all monthlypayments, also refund the nominal Federal Income Tax and the Kentucky State4-mill tax. Ask any employe.Lexington Utilities Company(Incorporated in Kentucky)156 West Main St. Lexington, Ky.BUICKbVmtf Satisfaction(9E-nbnofSjm1Present lines of new Buick six-cylindermodels will be carried thru the 1922season.V.Ii'vJrBeginning June 1st the new series andprices will be as follows, f. o. b. factories,Flint, Michigan.xITfrOld PricesModel 22-44 Three Passenger Roadster, $1J95Model 22-45 Five Passenger Touring, yC-l$1795Model 22-46 Three Passenger Coupe, - $2585Model 22-47 Five Passenger Sedan, - - $2895Model 22-48 Four Passenger Coupe, -2985Model 22-49 Seven Passenger Touring, $2065Model 22-50 Seven Passenger Sedan, - $3295New Print$1495$1525$2135$2435$1735$26353IftS"BUICK MOTOR COMPANY, FLINT, MICH.v Pioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor CarsV Brantheg in all Principal Ciiie Dealers EvcryiMhvC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth ami Pleasant StrtttsWHEfc BETTER AUTOMOBILES AKE BUILT. BUICC U1l BUnJ THEMVWe"t.-V,- ..t-v - -- tfi tTv1 -',- 3sFRIDAY, JUNE 17, 1921THB BOURBON OTEWS PARIS,umuuLt wjumrmumCALEfc POWERS WDTS IN DIVORCE CONTEKTIONThe suit for limited divorcebrought by Mrs. Anna M. D. Powersagainst Caleb Pavrera, former Representative in Congress from Kentucky,-was dismissed by Justice Stafford inthe District of Columbia SupremeCourt. Contentions of Powers that hiswife was not a resident of Washington and therefore could not sue fordivorce in its courts were sustained.Mrs. Powers in her suit chargedcruelty and inadequate support. Hercounsel noted an appeal.o"Potter's Field."' 2!to tertn, which is applied to aplace where the penniless and tux)swm aire buried, had its origin iaIfatthew 27:7, when the chief priestftook counsel and bought with thtfBTCtbe thirty pieces of silver for whichJudas betrayed the Master) the pottar's field to bury strangers in." Themane has clnng to such plots evermlace.GONVIS TO SPEAK ONRUSSIA AND SIBERIAChautauqua Audiences Will HearMasterly Address.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.ndsT'lM bsBSSHBKNEI iy 1.11'Laoturtr Tells of Personal ExperienceWith the Bolshevik!, Giving DeepInalght Into Russia of Today.Lewis A. Convis, at the coming Bedpath Chautauqua, will present a significant, Informative address on Bolshevism In Rusela and Siberia.In 1018, Mr. Convis was assignedas a civilian worker to the PolishPILES!Sf you are a saferer wit pike, kcmorxkoUe, blind or bleeding, you will get relieffroiatke lfst application of UeU Pete'e(solve) for piles and fistula. Per-f ecflr aootkiag; does sot smart.x&aa,9repftid.$1.00 byl.P.rig,1tlHic)irir,. (apr29-13tP)SKSSUSnSti y&'S&iV:sWE9BSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSKiiSVMSeBBBBBBHBttsBBHnBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHOLD 1EAKY ROOFSIeJbflTeMrfJBdelaktafvath.SUPERLASTICI AOOF COATINGMiMSfaHurers Direct to rwiT,Brwilm Free.inrmjurtoKAL coatings co.laSSS.SecesJSt. Leuilk. Ky.tlllllMlllllimMIHIMI S. P. MOHNEY IChiropractorI FIFTH YEAR IN PARISmimiiiinmiimiinHEWI8 A. CONVIS.Region of Siberia. He remained withthe Legion through varying fortunesand vicissitudes until its total collapse,when only 870 men survived.Mr. Convis was peculiarly fitted toserve among Slavic peoples becauseof his long study of Polish as well asRussian peasants and upper classes,both in America and in Europe. Theirambitions, impulses and reactions heinterprets with fidelity and sympathy.Hall's Catarrh MedietasThose who are in a "run down" condi"S wffl notice that Catarrh botherstaest much more than when they are inrood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyInfluenced by constitutional conditioHALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE Is aToaic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughtke blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the taflasucatkmad restoring; normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney 4b Co., Toledo, Okie.YieW Valuable Oil.An oil obtained from stumps of redpine trees has been found to be valuable for recovering sliver from jmlyerized ore by the flotation fencesgjlBJiumiHHHMIlfllWWlMWilliam K. Hagan S-onARXriiTECT.y G- Engineer..PAfciy. Ky.riCT NATIONAL SANK?ritMifiiiiifuiiiiuiiif!i:uiritiiittitiittii.iniiiuiiisiiiiiiiiiitttiitiiHuiiiiiiii!if iiiiisiiiiiiitiiiiiiitfinTn!tiitiitirii!iiiit:isx:titFnrrrsxaixKxsKSxaanHs'sXHsBHHKSCHXaHCL0S1N6 OUT 1SALE !TO QUIT BUSINESSHaving decided to quit the grocery business,XIIlV.we are going to sell our entire stock oft'SV1xIIIXIXIGroceries,.iAt and BelowActual CostThis is a rare opportunity for you tofirst class groceries at a great saying in price.Now is the time to stock your pantry.This sale started Monday morning and willMiss Margaret Trotter, of Chicago, is a guest of Miss Ruby Houston.Frank Thompson, of Montgomerycounty, brother of Geo. C. Thompson, of Paris, is seriously ill in aLexington hospital.Nicholas Kriener, who has beenill at his home on Twelfth, street forsome time, is able to be out and athis puace of business.Miss Charlina Ball is seriouslyill at the home of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Charles Ef. Ball, with twoprofessional nurses in attendance.Mrs. O'Toole and daughter, Mrs.Dr. Childlaw, of Harmon, Indiana,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. A.. W.Cottingham, on South Main street.Carey Ward has returned fromschool in New York, to spend thesummer vacation with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, nearParis.Lauthman Woods has returnedfrom St. Mary's College, at St.Mary's, Ky., to spend the summer vacation with his mother, Mrs. JackWoods and family on East Eighthstreet.L6uis Shanker, formerly of Paris,now a successful traveling representative of a Cincinnati mercantilefirm, was in Paris several days thisweek, renewing former acquaintances. He is' a son of Mr. and Mrs.H. Shanker, who now resides in Erlanger, Ky.Sanford Interior-Journal: "Mrs.J. W. Hayden and Miss JosephineHayden, of Paris, are here on a visitto the former's mother and sister,Mrs. Permelia Brown and Mrs. MaryCraig. . . .Miss Lucille Dunn and Jas.Pruitt, of Millersburg, are visitingtheir grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.Bedell Chanslor."(Other Personals on Page 5)o-PLAOTTCNG MEMOBIAL !F0R LUKEMcLTJKE.A permanent memorial to JamesS. Hastings (Luke McLuke), in theform of a residence to be presentedto Mrs. Hastings and the family, isthe present object of many friendsand admirers of the author of "Bitsof By-Play."The Luke McLuke Association wasformed for this purpose with the following men selected as officers:Augustus Herrmann, chairman; Wm.A Geoghan, vice-chairman; WilliamP. Wiley, treasurer; A. Bart Horton,secretary.A large number of prominent menwere appointed on a general committee, including John Kloecker andThos. B. Cromwell, of Lexington,Kentucky.SLATTERY REFUSES TO RESIGN.Thomas D. Slattery, Democrat,United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky, is resistingefforts on the part of tne juepanmeutof Justice to remove him from officeprior to the expiration of his term.t n rpniv to a letter from the department .'suggesting that he resign, Mr.Slattery says he cannot comply witnthe request. There tne maner iwfor the present. He can be removedby executive order of the President,but the matter has not been broughtto the President's attention.Sawyer H. Smith, of Shelbyville,ky., Republican, has been endorsedby the, Kentucky Republican leadersforthe place,hd probably will benamed wnen there is a vacancy.o -yEDITOR MADE DROUTH CHIEFFormal annouastment of the appointment pf RoyjHaynes, a Hillsboro, Ohio," editor 'national prohibition commissioner, was made at tneWhite House. ' VMr. Haynes, who succeeds John .Kramer, is evpected to take office immediately. The appointment does notrequire Senate" confirmation.The new commissioner is editor ofthe Hillsboro Dispatch and was oneof the first Ohio editors to suggestthe nomination of Mr. Harding forPresident. He has been a factor inOhio Republican politics for a number of years, and in laiz was a candidate for the Republican nominationfnr Coneress. He has been' identifiedwith nrohibition and temperanceworfr. Five vears ago he was a member of the General Conference of theMethodist Episcopal Church.QDog Loyalty.That loyalty, burning bright andtrue to the last spark of life, that unfailing welcome on which a man cancount more surely than on any humanlove indeed, there is no secret in aman's love for a dog,- however we maywonder at the dog's love for the man.B, P. Utter in the Century Magazine.Have youtried thenew 10cpackage?Dealers nowcarry both;10 for 10c,20 for 20c.J It's toasted. Fk.IIstrikeJigarette0 MORE NEED FOR INSURANCEThe editor suggests to his subscribers that, in order that they maykeep track of the expiration of theirsubscriptions they have them dated. lueir uiruiuays, ana maite it a.point to always come in and pay ayear's subscription on their birthday. He adds:"The beauty of this scheme is thatyou are bound to live for anotheryear. No man ever died who had hissubscription paid up. Nine times outof ten when a man dies he owes theeditor for subscription. This willbeat any old-line insurance company." This is a great suggestion. Whynot carry it further? Why not havethe business enterprises of Paris insure against failure by paying advertising contracts in advance? Andlet's institute municipal accident insurance by having city ordinancespassed to have the city station reporters for the local papers at everycorner. Nothing ever happens whena newspaper man is around.Accident Statistics.An American physician who has collected a mass of statistics regardingserious accidents on railways, in minesand factories, has put it on recordthat the dangerous period of the monthIs from the twentieth to the twentysixth. He declares that nearly half thebad accidents of the whole month occur during those seven days.Acontinue until all goods are sold.i: m'1.XIIXIXIIXAll of our fixtures are for sale.N. DEERING &717Street;, mx'JWnXSONX- -JmxmmxwmiivHflf iff III I liM 111 UiHgive tire mileageat the lovest costin. historycuMNON-SEID RED-TOP CORD$15.00 $22.00 $27.50Reduction on all styles and sizesA NewJLow Price on aKnown and Honest ProductEAGLE "MIKADO"tpyPencil No. 174For Sale at your Dealer Made in five gradeASK FOR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED BANDEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORKeasai 11 4 , Ja c(till july4)1,500 Girl in On School.Santiago, Chile, has one high schoolattended by more than 1,500 girls.Salesman Wanted.We want a local representativewho is acquainted in Paris and surrounding territory. A man experienced in selling stock preferred, butnot essential. We will co-operatewith the salesman selected and Tender every assistance..We have va live money-makingproposition. The company is ondividend-pacing basis the commonstock jhows-jlarge earnings. We maif ,ufacjture Ked;Cap Storage Batteiie.They are Nationally known and usaAbout 2-ftnft dealers tttivMio-Yimi-U1vUnited States .arenow?ifliiBrftCaB'3at5eriei: ' W&wBSZrWe treeire to distribuS&th&Hasiias broadly as possible for co-operativeand advertising purposes.A good salesman, who will work,can make. big money. For particulars, address,J. C. McMICHAEL,Mjrr. Financial Dpt, The Wolfe LeadBattcriia Co.r "204 ReimWic-Mccormick and deering;Are the Best Madcr The Best are the 1Cheapest.'Escape the "Stout" Qti s RAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportions. The stout women who are never spokenof as "stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo-Belt Reducing Corsetsgive -the wearer an appearance ofalendernew. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andsupport where the greatest strainfalls over the abdomen and hips.They have the reputation of being"the most ecoaomical reducingcorsets ever devised."Priced from $2 to $10 "fMII 'HFRANK & CO. ;,; J:,Fm!mTraie Mark R'0KkHm$&W:m. fyJBUlmrmt'k. ' i smsWKSiHSSSK 9r1rkW sT"mSSSH-isssKsT jfcT sT-JVsssHrSSJSSSSjJ.SaSSSMi WHr2sHSl9SfllSsskSSSSSSSWHsIisiBiB'IflJilEDiHi.ssSxlsssKllsWrvniHsssHlffVisHssiM,spi BIHSHVKnibiiRf i9ffiBVssHHBISMB3sHsssssHSrMt: sBBBBs . iPlffllBPSsBssalsHHMBBsssBsSSS&ssssssp(- -BBHHpjBHSBMSSSSSS9SJV 3-iGenuineMccormickANDDEERING ,BINDER TWINEIS THE BEST MADE. TAKE'NO SUBSTITUTEWe are exclusive agents in Bourbon county tf or McCormick and Deering Binders. We harethem in stock. Also PLENTY OF GENUINEREPAIRS. Take no substitute, for there is noneAll Kinds off Farm Implemen' At the Right Prices") ., 3ftfit s- -.-t-iiC S. Ball Oaragefourth and PfeftMot 8recH"v 'wj&&..1,-,M J 1rwmmsw!f':JV'B iSMV );fif-; rm;ia.!Pup .t:iIwKyz S- Bullr.(lMk?ilte.'Kr. . -3i1 ' - w -v- . .Vv ,,-- -.v, f"A.'- . ' -FRIDAY, JUNE 17; 1921111 aOUKBON NEWS, PAWS, BWTUCIY6 . .cJ -TSCHOOL MOTESThe Shelby County Board of Education has elected Prof. Mark Goodman as Superintendent of the Shel"byville public schools to succeedjProf. J. T. Hazelrigg, who has beenincapacitated by illness since February. Prof. Hazelrigg married MissDaugherty, of Paris.BROOMS1Real High Class Broomsob sale this week only$1.40 Office or WarehouieBroem95c$1.30 Medium Weight HouseBroom85c$1.25 Light Weight HouseBroom75cBe sure and buy one ofthese broomsLogan Howard"Tht Home of Good Things,to Eat"Phones 179BOUKBON CROP CONDITIONS i HAS NARROW ESCAPEAnother week of warm weather,with occasional showers, has helpedto put the farmers work forward.Rain is still badly needed.The barley harvest is about completed and the threshermen will soonbegin threshing out the grain,weather and other conditions permitting. The bluegrass seed stripping season is about over. The crop is avery short one, as many pasturesthat had excellent crops last year,were not worth stripping this year.Consequently the price is higherthan for several years as buyershave been paying from .$1.00 to$1.25 per bushel for the seed.The wheat crop bids fair to ripenin good condition, although manyfarmers fear the grain will not headup to normal owing to the latefreezes.The early crop of potatoes will bevery short, as the vines have begunto die and very few potatoes haveattained any size yet.Most garden stuff! is suffering formoisture, the showers that havefallen lately not penetrating veryfar.A few extra good lambs are beingshipped out to market and some hogs,but few cattle are yet ready.BLACKBERRIES!LEAVE ITS YOUR ORDER FORBLACKBERRIES IF YOU WANTTHEM.BEBRIES WILL BEGIN TO ARRIVE NEXT WEEK.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Jos Banta, painter, boarder at theEarlywine boarding house, on Mainstreet, had an experience Wednesday night that he will likely notcare to have repeated. While standipg in the back yard at the house abullet passed through the crown ofhis hat. followed in a few secondsby a second one. A search of theneighborhood failed to reveal thestarting point of the bullets or thewhereabouts of the shooter. Bantasays he does not know of any enemieshe has. It was thought the bulletshad been fired at random from a distance. Banta told the police he believedhe is being pursued by an unknownenemy. Several weeks ago he received an anonymous letter, threatening him with punishment if he didnot cease his attentions to a youngParis girl. The young lady also received an unsigned letter warningher of what would happen to Banta.Shortly after this, according to thestory. he told the police, Banta wasattacked one night as he was entering his room, by a stranger armedwith a knife. The man slashed hisclothing with the knife, and madehis escape without being recognized.The shooting Wednesday night wasthe climax. He exhibited to the policehis straw hat, in which were two bullet holes. The police are investigating the affair.oFARMERS, ATTENTION!JF YOU WANT TO SAVE MONEYSEE US BEFORE YOU BUY; WAGONS. BUGGIES, HARNESS ANDBINDERS' TWINE.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.A SAL.KOFc7WILLINERYFriday and Saturday"SOME VALUES TO $15.00$4.95WATCH OUR WINDOWS"The Pride of Paris"M-Shoe Prices ReducedReduction in Prices to $2.98, $3.48,$3.98, $5.98. Bargains in Shoes.THE WBAR-U-WELL SHOE CO.,For sale by GEO. McWILLIAMS,Shoe Repairing,(lt-pd) Paris, Ky.WS?HaulingI am prepared to do local andlong distance hauling with a one andone-half ton Ford truck. CallF. L. McCLANAHAN,(17-tf) Cumb. Phone 1096.PARIS, KENTUCKYExecutrix' Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Henry C. Smith, dee'd,are hereby notified to present same,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Executrix, foradjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidHenry C. Smith, dee'd, are herebynotified to make full and satisfactorysettlement of such indebtedness tothe undersigned Executrix.TABITHA C. WILLIAMS,Executrix Henry C. Smith.No. 214 Fourteenth St., Paris, Ky.(17-3wks)Special Sale GrouporMID-SUMMER HATSS5.98Values to $12.00Sport and Dress Hats in Lovely Colors and Thorouf bly Good Looldnfy-Evetyx One of Them. You Can Afford Several at inn rnct.1Silk Sport DressesCanton Crepe and Crepe de Chine$29.50Effective Styles at Reasonable Prices. Blue, Rose, Apricot, Henna, Nile' LFresh Summer DressesOf Organdie, Voile, Dotted SwissNavy, Orchid, White, Row, Brown, Nile and Other Charming Color.$16.98A Look at Our Windows is ConvincingHARRY SIMON224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckyM-FARE REFUNDED ON ALL, PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00"Quality Job Printing at The NewsMENS AND YUNG MEN'S SUITSAt 20V Reduction!Sale Now Going OnEnds Saturday, June 18thMen's and Young Men's SuiU at 20 Reduction! This is good news for the man and young man who wants to buy clothesat prices much lower than their regular worth. We want to reduce our clothing stocks, and we are disregarding profits in offeringthese remarkable Talues. You'll find clothing from Hart Schaffner & Marx, Kirschbaum and other well known concerns in thissale in all the latest style creations splendid fabrics in latest patterns and colorings. Come in to-day and select your suit fromthese remarkable values.S 1 S.OO Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $14.40$20.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $16-00$22.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to... $18.00$25.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $20a00$27.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $22.00$30.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to. $24.00$32.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $26.00$35.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $28.00$37.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to. . . . $30.00$40.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $32.00$42.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $34.00$4500 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to. . . $36.00$47.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $38.00$50.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to ... . $40.00$52.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $42.00$5500 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to $44.00Big Reductions in Men's and Young Men's Felt HatsEverything CashNothing on ApprovalN r J ,HOME PHONE 448CUMB. PHONE 806ONE PRICE STOREMain and Seventh Sts.PARIS, KENTUCKYflBSpjBJBJMWBMemWMJpi,-MMp:SsJPi;iiilHIsWSBBRKB.'?r-x-:x:-"".-aBKv;wHHYHHbSHKXBBT-v'xVHBlHniSBVfeiiiuB- '&9BK.SIS mm00-fsraifSft 1S9bmtwH MIitFL-a( r' 'n -." -"nFRIDAY, 3TJNE 17, 1921THE BOURBON NEWS, PAMS, KKNTUCUn.PAGE FITSJHJewelers :-: Paris. Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseSOCIAL AND PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, Tkere andVOTE TOE PEARCE PATON.oCHAUTAUaUA AGENT COMINGAn advance agent for the Redpath Chautauqua will he in Paris,Friday, to distribute posters andother advertising matter preparatoryjto the opening of the program Julya Some 300 tickets have alreadyfceen placed on sale with a numoer city.of persons and business houses, between now and the opening of theChautauqua 700 season tickets must&e disposed of in order to 'make ita financial success.. - oSPECIALSPECIAL PEICES ON BINDERS,HOWEBS, RAKES, (TOflSVATORSPARMEBS SUPPLY CO.oAGRICULTURAL CLUB TOUEMembers of the Bourbon CountyAgricultural Club, of Millersburg, recvently made an automobile tour ofthe county, visiting the followingDlaces: The farms or uirmme mattox, Wm. Saunders, Thaxton & Ball,and the North Middletown GradedSchool and the Summer NormalSchool in Paris.The purpose of the tour was educational, giving the Club members"better ideas of stock, farm conditionsand rural educational facilities.CANDIDATES MUST HLE PAPERSBY JUNE 27.Candidates whose names will bepresented to voters in the Augustprimary have until June 27 to filetheir declaration and notification paras with Secretary of State Fred A.L..t, Mi nn.np.rs of candidatesmust be on file with the Secretary ofState by midnight of the twenty-seventhTHE "BOURBON NEWS will havela large supply of the necessaryWank on hand soon, and willfill them in and file them for prospective candidates at a reasonablefigure.. o-BINDERS' TWINE -VERY BEST BINDERS' TWINL&T 16 CENTS PER POUND.PARMERS SUPPLY CO.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court will convene Monday fora two-weeks' session. The docket is a3arge one, comprising a large numberof Commonwealth cases. Judge Robt.Zee Stout will preside.One of the cases of more than ordinary interest to the citizens of"zaris which will probably be heardat this term, is the injunction suitsfiled against the Paris Water Company to prevent cutting uu iuc ,7ly of water from consumers who hadrefused to pay the increased ratesannounced by the company. Injunction suits were filed by the ParisCommercial Club for over five hundred water consumers, who are uniaing in the fight against the WaterCompany's new schedule of rates.rI OIL STOVES POR SUMMER USESPECIALLY PRICED OIL STOVES"RED STAR" AND "PURITAN."SUARANTEED BY THE STANDARD0IL00? THE BEST OIL STOVEMiDE. THE REAL SUMMER TIMESTOVES. nT p A(17tf) A. P. WHEELER & CO.Miss Elizabeth Chenault, of Lexington. Salad courses and ices wereserved.tvhrh v.mfh Wrisrht continuesquite ill at her home on Pleasant; street.IVficcoe TlorfJi anrl Tpcjciip T'a.VlOr. . .. 'have returned from a visit to MissMrs. Lawrence Price left yester-. Madeiine Cornett. in Winchester.aay ior two-weeks sojourn at Mar-, t-q QftMv nonnip nttftndedtinsville, Indiana. dances given this week in Winches-iuioo .cjica.uui owcttieugeii, ia.uu- ier, ivii. oiening, vxeorgeiowxtdaughter of Genre: "R. TlaviR in visit- : Tjivinrtnning Miss Martha Ray, In Mayslick. I Mrs. Prank Kiser has returnedAlbert Perling, of The Iieader ' to her home on Houston AvenueStore, is in Chicago on a business from a visit to her sister, Mrs. C. t.mission in the interest of his house. I Strong, in Kicnmond, va.Mrs. J. W. Wise, of Cincinnati, Mr. Albert Wright, who has beenis n 9-iiar f Tiov cicfar ivfr-a Ciuuira p nat.ient at the Mars! ft MAmorial.Moore, and other relatives in this Hospital, is improving, and will soonTHEREam l &.W r fMftftw2 BaaaaK.1 ' Hal3 ' aW-Jf &3 f ' -& 421 v - J It r. V .-. 2t.zrkWWs3lk3 if i 'At. Ctj. m "TlinMa .if m -rana1 raLI .1 'i UfiWu uP'1 4 llWM iK 12?m .k lgaTwA KlM mtA i JZ m & nCCl 1. HWV M Villi i flSCiCiim m mLwmmm mI & Mm miM wnil ln- iK$sr wS&&?yM x i1 ' illJllM Pi wl tm) Wmk&iimjri iflVlilIIr vv. I Mv I I xKlScVVR Jmm- . tlimittMUMMBMni.Xfodktei IfMitiA T OUnAn T ..isville, and Hallie Moore, of Lexington, were guests this week of friendBin Paris.Miss Flanagan, of Cincinnati, isa guest of her nephew, J. M. Flanagan, and Mrs. Flanagan, at theirhome on Houston avenue.be able to return to his home.Winchester Sun: "Miss AllieBradley, of Paris, were recent guestsoi mints jaalx ouciiuu, uu iriituejr at-9enue.fovl T.neTr cirn nf TWTtv and Mrft.'Robert Liusk. of Stoner avenue, andFay Ardery, Sr., were operated on(lilt: UU HUUBLUU ilVf.llllf. I FilY AIUCIJlf2 Till 1. A- : A.l 41 HMMr.4 KfAmnvfalivims xLiiizaaGia xrauKiin nas re- , recently 0.1, uic iyao-doio iwuiuiturned to her home in Winchester af- Hospital, for removal of tonsils,ter a visit to her aunt. Mrs. A. B. Both were reported yesterday as do-.1. J it a it. TTi-i. I:- ntn1nllltl UIUCIT. -Cynthiana Democrat: "Cynthiana regrets the departure of MissVirginia McClure, who has been thepopular and emcient principal uiseveral xerms.place in theClark, and family, on South Highstreet.Miss Elizabeth Snapp, student atthe University of Kentucky, has re-luiueu 10 speuu me summer vacauonin Paris with her mother, Mrs. Alice the High School forSnapp. She has accepted aMrs Slwiripv T?ntr anr TAxxri-n Mir- Paris Hirfl School."all have TAtnmAd from RochAster. . Carlisle Mercury: "Mr. and Mrs.Minn.. -Krhera Mr. Mvall has been ' Stanley Blake attended the recent, . i . i. i i- I A ....tnno T1A Taicrunaer ireaimeni ior some nme ai me commeiiueiiieut ciwuwco 0,1. c ,Mnxrn Tt-rna TTnanital TTiTl Snhool. MrS. Blake'S Sister,Eugene Roberts, formerly of Miss Milton Donnell, was a memberParis wliArA Tia was connected with of the CTaduatinK ClaSS . . . . Mrs.the Paris Garage, has returned to' Henrietta Moreland has return-GTmlTvtTTrniA oftaK n trial rtf ccvoral I A Tior TinmA in PoiirhOTl COUntyUIXSZAUJ J "t .l,. '"" " ""'"" . '' w .wuw - .alter a visit to ner cousin, mm. jd u-nio "nitiamorA ."Mrs. Robert M. Johnson enternina? "ho mpmhors of her bridgeoinn at hpr home on Mt. Airy ave-l - . -. nrucniiA. TVArtiiARiiav aiternoon. iiiuocpresent were Mesdames EdwardPrichard, Edward Spears, Withersno vie Tohn M Stuart. Clav Ward,AUTAU, Vw. . 1"..-. 1 !- r.Alex Miller, George waisms; ivn&scaHelen Swearengen and Mary AllenHutchcraft.John Kriener entertained a number of friends at the Sweet Shop atdinner-bridge. The tables were attractively decorated with sweet peas.Prizes were awarded to Miss OllieButler, and to Clarence K. Thomas.The guests were: Miss Anita Cromerlin, Holland; Mrs. Embry Goodwin,T,Avineton: Miss Ollie Butler, MissLoraine Butler; jonn -aiieu, -ueAms-ton;Gerard Cromerlin and ClarenceK. Thomas.(Other Personals on Page 3). -o-(BOURBONMEN ONJURIES.FEDERALIn the U. S. Federal Court, in session at Lexington, Sam Weathers, ofear Clintonville, was chosen foreman of the grand jury. Serving asjurors on the petit jury are the following from Bourbon county: RoyTurner, J. T. Martin, John Este3and John W. Young, Jr.Among indictments returned weretwo against Artis Owens, of Bourfcon countr on charges of possessingproperty designated for manufacturing intoxicating liquor and also forManufacturing liquor. It is saiathat Owens was once before convicted on a similar charge, in the FederalCourt at Lexington, but was released-when his crop of tobacco was destroyed by fire. vFRESH F1SHF0R TODAY.Nice fresh fish received to-dayumI to-norrow. Remember wetess (Uk free aid defiTer themKMntfr.MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKET.GENTRY BROS.5 CIRCUS HERE ONJUNE 255.People who love horses, ponies anddogs, (and there are few of us whodo not) may be interested in thenews that this year Gentry Bros,are carrying with their famouschows a veterinarian, a highly specialized surgeon and practitioner, whoexplains to visitors interested in animals how Gentry Brothers earryover two hundred ponies on the roadand never have any ill for any lengthof time. This is true of the Gentryhorses and dogs, also to say nothingot the wild animais m ming arena of the show.The veterinary surgeon invites allstockmen to visit him at the circusgrounds in Paris, June 22, whenGentry Brothers' Famous Showscome to town.SlMlAS, WO0W0W ft KTANflairs tn "hie nnrpntc in fhiR P.it.V.Miss Alma Goldstein is at homefrom the Cincinnati College of Musicto spend the summer vacation withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesS. Goldstein, on Higgins avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Herman Levine,of New York City, were guests thisweek of Mrs. E. I. Milner, on Cypressstreet. Mr. and Mrs. Levine are ontheir honeymoon, en route to pointsin the South.Alfred Dailey, of Covington,who was called here by the illnessand death of his father, ElesarDailey, is a guest at the home of hissister, Mrs. Thos. W. Spicer, onHouston avenue.Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock and Mrs. J. MillerWard attended the reception" given attne Lrexington uouniry viuu, ucuLexington, by Mrs. Charles S. Brent,in honor of her guests.Harry Holt, former Parisian, ishere from Seattle, Washington, tovisit his mother, Mrs. Ben Holt, andfamily, on Mt. Airy avenue. Mr. Holthas a fine position with a big oilcompany on the Pacific Coast.Reports yesterday from the bedside of John T. Collins, who recentlyhad a relapse, stated there had beena change for the better in his general condition, which is cheeringnews for his host of friends.tvuvo nonrprp Ty "Rankin, whosearm was broken some time ago in an .automobile accident, has improvedmniontiv r tip -moved from theMassie Memorial Hospital to thehome of her sister, Mrs. WilliamSauer, on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Henrietta Bedford, of Paris,was one of the guests Monday at anoffammn tpa driven by Miss HelenBowen, at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Bowen, in Winchester, in compliment to Miss Ursula Fawcett, of Jacksonville, 111.Miss Edna Dee Snapp, of Paris,has returned to the University ofKentucky, from Blue Ridge, N. C,where she had been for two weeks attending the annual conference of theY. W. C. A., as representative fromthe University. .A large number of Paris peopleare attending the meetings in Lexington this week of the United Commercial Travelers, the Grand LodgeKnights of Pythias, and the AlumniAssociation of Kentucky pl;Mrs. Jack Woods and daughter.Tuiia Woods, have reimucuVOTE FORPEARCE PATON.0SAVE MONEYSPECIAL PRICES ON BINDERS,MOWERS, RAKES, CULTIVATORS.FARMJittS surr.ux w.Base BallSUNDAYParis RugglesVS.MaysvilleWest Second StrParkARE SO MANYExceptional Values We are Offering that it is Difficultto Mention Them.To Give You a Geitral Idea We'llList a rew AnywayMedium Weight SuitsFor Men and Young Men Suits that can beworn the year around at greatly reducedprices$12.50, $15. $18. $20. S22.50Light Weights Suitsof Mohair, Palm Beach and TropicalWorsteds$10.00, $12.50,$15.00 to $27.50Panama, Leghorn, Milan,MadagascarStraw Hats$2.85, $3.50, $4.00 and $5 00Also Shoes, Oxfords, Underwear, Pajamas. Everything most reasonablypriced. If you are contemplating taking a vacation it will be worth your whileto get our prices on Suit Cases, Trunks and Hand Bags.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Momc" Call Our Store "Home"Iv-WiWisvJi Wbyjm vi?ictixnaa iwm " ..iwmSt.MJB.Jiy.w.j tj:!. TO:n h W P.tended the centennm o au r , X"T" 'JCollege Baldwin wooub, . A guou game i aaouicu.Paris, a graduate of the institution, Owing tO expense of hiringwas lb00urtnewnCneigiibors and pitehewwe will have to charge, ..rzi?S JS MiirPfl coiiins and ladies 25 eents.Stanley Dickson, who were marriedTL , n dinner nariy intheir honor Monday night, at Shakertown Inn. Each member presentresponded to toasts..Mr. and Mrs. Frank Van Peltand two daughters, Misses Virginiaand Se Van Pelt, formerly ofParis who have been making theirJome aTampa, Fla., for the past twomts are guests at the Hotel WindXTiSS tfy can find a suitableh0-TSollowing invitations haveiRed: "The Olympian SpringsHotel requests the Honor 01 ynrMence at their opening dance atntiten Springs Hotel, Olympia,afevenTng, June 17. Musicby Sextette Orcehstra. A. D. Brownand IT. 'C. Prewitt, Committee, Sub-emlngshurg Times-Democrat:-J. H. MiUikin, wife, .gJJJgranddaughter an visiting relat vesin BourDon wuuv. - iiedBarton, of Millersburg, was caUedMarglVetsmith has retujnm avisit to her sister MlUSiL.About forty members of the Ferguson family held an enjoyable if amilv reunion in the woodland of Ja..H7 Thompson, on the r2near Paris yesterday afternoon. Theflature of the reunion was a-fish-fryflanked by substantijls and del-"&.mZ"l e7entwhich brings together the widelyScattered members of this large andinfluential family.Mrs. James W. Thompson washosted with a beautiful tea Tuesdayafternoon at her lovely cwjljnear Paris, as a compliment to anumber of attractive vibiwdjx -'inston. TheUbleSontnew---wdbaby'a breath. A-tatofThorwon in receiving nerwe?f SS ateten. Mra. John Strfl anAutomatic Refrigerators!We have just received this great refrigerator andare now ready to deliver them. Come in and 1 getyours afonce. . .A lot offolks profitedby our Special131 ofWilson Bros.Silk Lislse Hosea month ago,so we orderedanother shipmentn and areoffering thesame good socksm six colorsat 30c thesingle pairor $1.50 forSRX.llXprjitmw , . -uAUTOMATIC.... - fc "jTrn'r"' " " - A9SxSBS99S9k. oill fU HieHRKFRIGERAXORSIf it comesfiom DavisH is ridhtWe have handled the Automatic Refrigerator for yearsand never have we had a SINGLE DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER !This is the greatest food preserver and ice saver madeand is the only refrigerator made with the water bottle onthe front of the refrigerator. Come in and let us explainto you this wonderful refrigerator.THE J. T. HINT01V CO.1EITHEimfONE HPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hoarse Motor Invalid Coach Uirtertakiiiff.ii11I'm;-!j1i;.t1,MVfLtSlttsIr;.MmMrj!111161 ifth,'i ',f - GErTUB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JUNE 17, 1921BRIGHTEREVUNINCS& w$ " tJust HistoryMoney back without questionit HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment cf Itch, Eczema,Rinsvorm.Tetter or other itching skin diseases. Try thiatreatment at our nskVARDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.PfrIn '76 ;. -The Colonial DameSpun her clotkBy Candle flame.In 1800Li Crinoline bright,She greeted her rneitsBy Coal OH light.And later on,How time does massHer home was litBy nickering Gas.Bet the girl of to-dayWho wanti her heme bright,Just prescei a buttonAnd has Electric Light.The next timeyou huy calomelask for1 1lalotaosiParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Ellis' Tea RoomThe Home of Good HomeCooked MealsThe purified and refinedcalomel Mals thai arenausealcsCs cafe and sure.Medicinal viraxes retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35cAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65cper meal on week days75cper meal on SundaysMeal Tickets(21 MEALS)2 Meals per Day $8.501 Meal per Day $9.50Regular Board (3 mealsper day) $8.00THE UJS TEA ROOMOpposite Coert House.PAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ONPaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.The Best Goods at theBest PricesSee Us Before You Buy.VARDEN I SONDruggists Both PhonesJlDOL-saciigiHiHBH:fciaBBBB?isSBBK-..? :-.in t 'itorxitJimirctrtvAtJti. irllls'y-2-. 2!Lr?ij;'"' - " ""Thoroughbred Horses. Animal Summer Meeting atLATONIAmtmt toJune 4th to July 9thStakes:Tike umuuaSy haght-cbtstof "the lionet on the gHxmd,tfaccxceBenpe c the ptxgiminbook arid improve?! accommodations for patrons combine to insure the success ofthe meeting at the popularTtrxr Course.t T"lv; tartil' wicft r4mniqAr,je this month will enjogr 'them sneck stfweir faest sport in its history.Rjrua MMbUbbsWVs7 sjbbssf'sbbsCURFTf A $TMuna eariSKsnr awKirAUTMASesaei?L Kentud Jockejr ChibM,4i lmmm9mmmm'f!"1' TJTfy Latooam, Ky Cooae'OKENTUCKY CROP BEPORT FORJUKE, 1921Kentucky's wheat cmop now promises 7,607,000 bushels compared toa prospect May 1, 1921, for 7,851,000 bushels, according to the Junecrop report issued by the U. S. Bureau of Crop Estimates in co-operationwith State Commissioner of Agriculture W. C. Hanna. The condition of the State's wheat crop dropped from 93 per cent, and the finalyield turned out 5,610,000 bUBhels,while the 5-year average, 1915-19inclusive, was 9,878,000 bushelswhich included the increased waracreage.Oats are doing fairly well in mostcounties, on a good acreage. Thecondition is 84 per cent, of normaland the acreage about 346,500, indicating a production of about 7,859,000 bushels," compared, to 8,225,000bushels produced last year from 350,000 acres which showed a conditionof 90 per cent. June 1, 1920.Rye condition is 91 per cent, ofnormal. With about 38,000 acres inthe State to be harvested for graintli is indicates a production of about484,000 bushels, compared to. 480,000 bushels produced last year.Barley acreage in Kentucky thisyear is about 10 per cent, more thanin 1920, due chiefly to decreasedhurley tobacco acreage. MOBt of thebrrley in Kentucky is grown in thecentral Blue Gross counties. Condition of barley is 94 per cent, of normal, indicating a production of about127,000 bushels, compared to 112,0C0 bushels last year.Farmers in many counties reporttheir meadows are late and veryweedy, and much of the young clovervas damaged by the late freezes.Condition of clover is 81 per cent,with the acreage about 3 per cent,moie than in 1920, due chiefly to deci eased tobacco acreage. Alfalfacondition is 8 per cent. The acreage is about 4 per cent, more than1920. Pasture in most sections averages fair. Plowing, corn plantingand tobacco setting still being done.Apple prospects are very poor inmost sections, the average beingabout 18 per cent, of a crop. Peachesand pears are about 8 per cent, of acrop. Truck crops are growing wellnow, but melons were severelychecked by cold weather late in May.Blackberries promise a good crop inmost parts of the State.The first report on tobacco will bemade early in July.oTHE AMERICAN GOATtWbhWItaIf some one or some thing couldlose the power that seems alwaysavailable for some silly regulation ofour personal liberties, in the interestof real benefit to the body politic,what a great people we would be!And in such a short while!When we contemplate the "consumer," tne great goat wno is so constantly under the analytical microscope of the various interests on histrail, we are reminded of the bull ina Mexican bull fight.Both the bull and our great American goat are so filled with bandilleros from every quarter that it isdifficult at any time for them to decide which hurts the worst, andwhere to concentrate their defense.Right now our friend, the "consumer," is as full of stickers as a porcupine. There's the eighteenthamendment, home brew, income tax,blue laws, the housing problem,profiteering landlords, gas, telephone,electricity, street car fare, strikes,etc.He may do this; he may not dothat; lie registers here; he lines upthere.And he's bleeding from so manywounds that he overlooks the prodthat is doing the most harm "thesociety for the decoration of everything from soup to nuts for revenueonly."The clever gentlemen who controlthe distribution of our food have discovered that by having out their products by the pound and ounce, inpretty paper things, they can jolly 50per cent more from Mr. Customer.That couldn't be done if they sold instead, plain, fresh, wholesome American food, by the peck and bushel andbarrel.It is time for Mr. Consumer, andMrs. Consumer, to do some contemplating of the wastefulness of thepackage system, and try buying inbulk.oRestoring Luster of Pearls,although there is no method knowthat will positively guarantee the restoration of the luster of a pearl whlckhas become doll through careless handling, the Oeylonese are said to havea novel way of trying to re&tore it.They simply feed dull pearls to chickens. After the pearls lemain in thechickens' crops a few hours, the fowlsare killed and the pearls removed.The light friction to which they havebeen subjected in the crops of thechickens is supposed to restore theirluster, at least to some extent. "oTime for Caution.Our idea of the time toetop, lookand listen, not, to say count 100, iswhen we receive a letter from somaeone we never heard orDeioree;-,tending us a personal invitation tejoin with him as a stockholder in aIndustry which offers the greatest opportunity in the United States today.Ohio State Journal. "3rSSBBBBSBBBBBBBjKHBBGB iH W iVST BBBBBBKBbBBBBEBBBbVHSBT -BBBBBBVV 1 !VbbBBBBb92bKKAsBBESBBb'BBBBBBBBbImZL fW m ZKCviU I I M -J Jllr V 'Lee Puncture-proof Hres"DICKING up a horseshoe is unlucky where ordi, nmry pneumatic tires are concerned. The sameapplies tv SsnlSytackSy spikes, sharp metal and splintersof atone or glass. ,But Lee PuMoture-proof tires are different Theycarry our oaah rmfund guarantee against punctureThe air in the tire carries the load.Lee Puncture-proofs hold the air.That a why Lea Puncture-proof pneumatica havegrown in favor every day for the past ten years forpassenger, business and delivery cars for trucks.We stand ready to prove that Lee Puncture-prooftires will Molve your tire-trouble problems.m&w&i&mA BIG 4 MOTOR POMP A 1VI V' L . . - v, wiin il ajU--J i-umb. rnone 891 EIGHTH AND HIGH STS., PARIS, KY.-Thasst'laystnafdutlilstssl discs ilmbsdds4 11pars rbbrbuilt Into avsrr LaPonctmrs-piosjf Hss iHome Phone 2941:RBRnBEBRntKKKSMEIKRK53R9Bmmmmmmm-----. 'ASPIRINName i'Bayer" on GenuineTake Aspirin only as told in each !package of genuine Bayer Tablets ofAspirin. Then you will be followingthe directions and dosage worked outby physicians during 21 years, andiproved safe' by .millions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Gross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)" oWanted Information.Little David, four, had been unusually naughty and his motherthreatened to put him to bed and'spank him in the bargain." After amoment's thought David exclaimed,"Mother, Where's the bargain?"oA cubic foot of air weighs a littleless than an ounce.SUFFERED ALLA WOMAN COULDMrs. Meyer Finally FoundRelief and Health in Lydia E.Pinkham's VegetableCompoundDO WIN WITH THEPRICESHenry Ford has come to-the rescue again with asubstantial cut in pricesof all Cars and Truck.Now is the time to buy acar.Come in andyou about itlet us tellRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYPopular Songs."It is a'm'istake'l believe, t act'too strongly, on the theory that tothe public should be doled, out eonlg(those things which certain authoritiesthink they should have," said aprominent singer recently. "Let usconsider the public's side. Let us givethe public some of the things it reallywants even the simple song whichthe critic condemns, for iU excess -ofsentiment, if we can deliver it 'so thatthe public is touched and responds."r-Tro-r-STTT x 'Statistics show that young womenare leavine rural districts for vthecities in larger mmker -than themen. 'BBSBSr -.....-'' .3Orange, Cal. "I always feel verycrateful to you, as some twenty sarsago uirev uucmwbsaid I had Jbo have aserious operation. Ibad a tumor, and ulcers wmen wouiagather and break. Iad displacement sobadly that I couldhardly ait down attunes; and it seemedas if I suffered everything that a womancould suffer. Thensome one advised meto take Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCkmtnound.'iand I took it until I wascured and saved from the operation. Ihave told'w.omen of your wonderfulmedicine timeifarithout number, and Iam willing thatVyou.ahould "use thesefacts and mynameVir youvlike.f Ialsoused your Compound dunsjul f mii dn sll mv dwAvheavy part, and can walklelday as i neip my nusDana in mmItrs. J. H. Meyer, 4J2,SouthSW,Oon(ornia. yMrs.lsVyerimyiasta4 WheresttoneratMB is the onlvresource. ObTsT 7 a a .3 ' a1 -gcne; oxner nana.m great womajIIIIIHIIHIIIHIIIHHIIIIIIH muihuiiiimiHome Telephone SubscribersHave Free Communication with the .Following Towns and VillagesMilleraburg, Headquarters, Hooktown, Black's GrossRoads, Shawhan, Buddies Mills, Kiserton, Genterviile, ;Jacksonville, Clintonville,- Avon, Wyandott Austerlitz,Escondida Little Rock. Cane Ridge, Plum, Bunker Hill. 'North Middletown connection will be re-establishedwithin a few weeks.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedimimiimiiinimiiifiiiiniiimiiiiiHiHumMS?sT8at thesvskrMvebaen restored to baslth by Lydia S.Pinkham's Vegetable Compm.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYandean make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranKe Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No aaentsfNo commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO. ;CuMifejtrtand Phone 71 - PAKIS, KENTUCKY-v..!:vFKIDAY, JDNENX7. 1M1TM BOURBOH NW3. PAMa MfrTUCJlt' ' " wAtcmmnm;ANNOUNCEMENTSFOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theoflce of State Senator frojm theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon.Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at thy.polls.FOR REPRESENTATIVE' Hffc are authorised to announceIJMsB'H. THOMPSON, of Paris, asa vsssitdate for re-eleotion as Rep--sasstatiTsfrom Bourbom Couaty intks Lower House of the KentuckyLegislature, subject to the action ofDm Toters of ths county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMHfi M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for RepresentatiYS from Bourbon county, in theLower House of the Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action of thevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 6,1921.JOST WONDERFULSAYS MISS OWEMemphis Woman Testifies To Beneficial Results From TakingTamlacPEOPLE OF OUR TOWNFOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCoumty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1921. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"&ilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.H. ED BEDFORD, candidate for.Sheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influents. Doris X. Clark ani W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR COUNTY CLERKW in authorise tc announcenUBCB PATON as a candidate forsf tae Bourbon Covrnty Court,it to the Democratic primary, to be held om Saturday,tV nil.'Si bta authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,aubjsct to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921.'SSSlSkstssflostFOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to theftcticn of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,1921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy.We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of ?aris, Ky is a cam-aidate for Jailer of Bourbon coun-"ty, subject to the action of the Dem-'Voermtic primary.We are authorized to announceW? O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jailer of Bourbtsi county, subject to the action ofths Toters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at the.primary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax1 Commissioner of Bourbon County with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, sud(ject to the action of the Democraticparty.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate lor the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TADL andFRANKIE SIDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support.So many people throughout theUnited States and Canada have testified to having used Tanlac with suchsplendid results following influenza,grippe, operation, typhoid and pneumonia, and other troubles whichwhich bring on a run-down condition,that it has become universally recognized as one of the most powerfulconstructive tonics of the presentage.Another striking statement in connection with this fact was made byMiss Mildred O'Hare, of 926 Delaware street, Memphis, Tenn."I am enjoying better health today," said Miss O'Hare, "than I havein ten years, and I am glad to makea statement that may cause otherswho are needing something to buildthem up to learn about Tanlac."Five years ago I was operated onfor appendicitis and was never ableuntil I got Tanlac to get my strengthback. My health was bad for a longtime, even before the operation, andI just seemed to be gradually goingfrom bad to worse."I just think it is the most wonderful thing I ever heard of thatthree bottles of Tanlac should makeme feel so fine after I had suffered solong. It has given me new life,strength and energy that makes living a pleasure. I used to have constant headaches, but now I neverhave one at all. Tanlac has been myfriend and I will, never go back onit. It is just grand." (adv)-o-ORGANIZATION WINSSam, the colored driver of an oxteam, saw a little lizard crawling upa tree. He flourished his long whipand deftly snaped off the lizard'shead. Further along the road withskillful precision he picked a horsefly off the fence with the same-rtojnTi TTis skill as a marksmanwas next exhibited on a chipmunkthat showed its head above tneground. dirn . ,The white man said: "Sam, takea crack at that," pointing at a hornet's nest. Sam grinned and replied:"No sun, no suh, boss them fellahsis awganized."o1 J 1 fin ill ui-JsJpSM,sssssssssssssWssssssssssssssssssssss ssssssssss-rssssssssk ssssssssGVsssssssssssVssssst 9BIR0$ ROOFS ISHINGLE4The Seissorbill hasn't Advanced astep Mentally since he left the LflRed Schoolhouse, and regards ModernIdeas with Alarm. He's agin Progress and has his Hammer out forCivic Improvements. The Boosterswish he would Move out of Town,especially as Nothing here Snits him.THAT DULL ACHINGFOR MAYORWe are authorized to announce E.B. JANUARY as a candidate for reelection as Mayor of the City ofParis, Kentucky, subject to tne action of the Democratic party, primary election August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCAPT. F. E. NELSON as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forMayor of Paris, Ky.,subject to theaction of the Democratic voters inthe primary election, August 6,1 1921.FOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announceERNEST L. MARTIN as a canaiaatefor Police Judge of the City ofParis, Kentucky, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, tohe held on August , 1121.We are authorised -to announce J.W. BROWN, of -Paris, as a candidatefor Mice Judrs of tlit City of Pari?.subject to the action of the votersin the primary election on August, 1821.We are authorised to announceTHEODORE P. NIX, of Paris, as acandidate for Police Judge of them r "Pari. gnih'ect to the actioof the voters at the primary lrtio on Aurset f , iix;Don't worry and complain about a-hn vmnir fifit rid of it! For weakkidneys, lame and achy backs, yourneighbors recommend Doan's KidneyPills. Ask your neighbor. Read thisstatement:Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used DoansKidney Pills with very good results,for while I have never had any seri., irinov trouble. I can tell by thehelp they gave me that they wouldbe beneficial for kidney trouble. IhA o inii nfTiine- across the small ormy back and my kidneys acted irreg-ulariy. me u Ui --. -r-Pills rid me of these complaints andI have faith enough in them thatshould I ever need a kidney remedyI would certainly use Doan's KidneyPills "Mrs. Mastin gave the above statement November 9, 1916, and on November 13, 1920, she added: "I stillhave the same good opinion of Doan s-rz j -onio qq wiipn t endorsed tnembefore and I use them occasionallywhen I require a kidney tonic. Theynever fail to do me good and I amalways telling my menus ui iuC ,-its of Doan's." ' TfPrice 60c, at all dealers. Don t- i ov fnr n lcirinev remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatTvrrc tvmsT.iu unu. ?wv-Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y... o-CURIOSITYWhen the workmen own the workshop, A. ..And the railroad men the rails,And the grocery cierss wbbiw ,And the mail clerks own the mansWhen the preachers own the Pulpits,And the pressmen own the snops,And the drillers own me un ,And the jails are owned by copsWhen the conductors own the streetQUEER QUIP QUESTIONNAIRE(Topics of the Day Films)When Thomas A. Edison made outhis series of questions as a test foremployees he started something. Thejokesmiths of the press are givingquestions "air" at a rapid clip anathe end is not in sight. A series ofhumorous questions shown on thescreen in "Topics of The Day" Filmsregisters a laughing success in theatres everywhere. This season of theyear is examination time for schoolpupils. Perhaps they, as well astheir elders, may like to answer the"Edison" questions found on randomhere and there in the public prints:Why is the answer to a question?If a corset cover covers a corset,what does a corset cover?When a bottle is opened is it calling its Daddy when, it says "Pop?"Vaudeville News.What precious metals are used formaking hash?What great man first said, "I lovemy wife, but, oh, you kid?"How old was Mary's little lamb?New York World.Is Aesop a Fable?What makes wild women wild?Why are censors? "Topics of TheDay" Films.How old is Ann?. .Why do they let George do it?Pittsburg Gazette-Times.Who discovered the use of rouge,and why?Why is a moustache?Who was Pan? What did hehandle? Westfleld (N. J.) Leader.What does a movie screen?Why hasn't a vest sleeves?Why does a rooster carry a comb?Ruters.Why is work?Why are straw hats?Who fed Venus? Ft.Journal-Gazette.Who's looney now?Why is a poor fish?Why is there a hole in a doughnut? Savannah News.Why aren't pretzels made straight?Did you ever see a peanut stand?Who said the moon is made ofgreen cheese? Nashville Banner.Is a cut price cut?Why does a photoplay?Why is snoring? N. Y. U. Alumnus. What's the use?If eventually, whoy not now?Is there a reason? WashingtonPost.SBSSSBSBSBSSSSBSSBISSSBSSj w Q""JBSSSBSSslsSSSSBSsW lr t r" di ff SSSSSFT f M .BSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSBsVBBMHBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSaBBSSSSftsuBBUWsieSSB'BSSs "V 5BSBAHand1WayneLittle CostBird's Shingle Design Roofing Is thewonderfully popular roll roofing thatcomes In shingle design naturalslatered and slategreen.At little cost Bird Shingle Design Roofing addsbeauty to residence bungalow cottage garageor barn. It won t catch fire from falling sparks.Gosts much less than a wooden or asphaltshingle rootIf desired can be laid right over old woodenshingles.If you want an extra goodJooking roof at aslittle cost as t is safe to pay you won t gowrong in buyin6 Bird's Shingle, Design Roofing"Elephant's Ear'The "elephant's ear" is a Hawaiianor Fijian plant, with very large, brightgreen leaves, used to give subtropicaleffect in bedding. The root-stock isplanted in good, moist soil out ofHnnpa it cfniH-ori in n hnthttd Or ftgreenhouse and transplanted. In thefall it is stored where dampness andfrost cannot Teach it. In the Pacificislands the7 rootstock is used for foodextensively, the poi of Hawaii beingmade from it. The plant i culledtaro.BIRD SON, inc. (EUblithW 17S) EmI WlU, ManPARIS DESIGN ROOFING CO.HOMER L. RASKIN, Manager(Cumberland Phone 899)Call Bourbon Lumber Co. Both Phones 1 22MBcars,And each driver owns his bus,Will you tell us common peopleWhatinell becomes of us?. oAdvic for Movie Hero.The movie hero, carrying the uncongciou Heroine, was bravely strugglingthrough a terrible storm. At the pointf exhaustion He made we unum, -burstingin laid the girl on a jronven.tent bed. The atorm was raging terribly and tha cabin dtor stood widecn. A little chap, lost In hlexcitment, yelled: "Shut the door.MiftakM Wa Often Make.There is a proverb which reads"The man who never made a mistakenever made anything else." There Isa treat deal of truth in that saying.dAmmoa wp rome Across ..one ofthose perfect individuals who claimsnever to make mistakes, but morev and that these very samepersons not' only make mistakes butvery grave ones.Bird Sanctuaries in Canada.Bird sanctuaries are being createdin suitable places throughout Canadato protect the breeding grounds ofwater-fowl and other important birdlocalities. The protection of waterfawl In, the great plains is most important The water-fowl need theprotection because of the increase inagriculture and the drainage of manyof their former, nesting areas.-oInsects That Defy Winter.In the dead wood of old, snags aramany insects that live through thawinter regardless of how cold it gets;creatures whose weak bodies seem todefy the frigid temperature. Pull offa bit of old bark from a snag, andnote that there is life beneath it; jilttie people that try to scurry for coverwhen their home is wrecked. Theyare not so agile as when the waatneris warm, but they are not in a Q&toof torpor.WANTS POSTMASTERS UNDERCIVIL SERVICEA bill to place first, second andthird class postmasters under thecivil service and after competitiveexaminations to have them hold theiroffices "without term" was introduced in the Senate by Chairman Townsend, of the Senate postofflee committee. The bill would authorize thePostmaster General by direction orthe President to reclassify the postoffice positions and would repeal thelaw requiring confirmation of appointments.aWomen artists models in Japanare paid $23 to '$30 per month andare expected to do two or threehours' sittings a day.Catarrh Or Cold In HeadCan be instantly relieved by simply applying a little MINTOL in thenostrils. .Pleasant to nse, and thereis nothing better. (adv)r-w are authorised ,to announceRMffiflT B'TOKTEH; fnli, a;imim 1 1 i -. - w 1 iwauuiu mm? "r"mty of Parii. wiMact to tmt aGttoml. IMMr Marcaaary wken she. ... . i k mrfaftirv wws-l ." . . . . m -Slfnar or Sinaar? 1Matrimonial ad "Wanted: A hna-tead; inuat W a good alfner. CYat thtuf at la that the lady wantoatne'oM ta pay aer Ubvbut inaUratability the" linotype naa maoaMr appaar mMrcaaary when she larely atvsical. Barton Transcript: -Finny Trlba in Cold Weather. oAll fish do not hibernate during 'thawinter. Some species find homes fla:holes or beneath rocks and roots andget along xery well without food dur;Ing the cold weather, but they "areottorpid like the bears and groundhogsthat hibernate. Most of the fish swjasut In the cold water and gather aliving in winter just as they ,do finsummer,, but none of them requires' saiancs? food when the water is cold.SKKAaeHrr; No Italiaa. girl will, consent to be1 mafrledifi'May.L3&9LaGrain fettf bulWs only part oftr chick, which makts scrawny,jlckly.bad-feathtred poultry lattrSIMCO OATMEAL aUTTEW-MILK CHICK MASH supplies nour-ishmtnt not found In grain, such askuttermllk. swot whoUsomt meat,ulMriaed peanut kernels an a largetfariatv of other Ingredients, all for a pur-os in making plump, f ull-oreasted, full.feathered, strong, healthy poultry. In eon-Hition to ward off fata! diseases. It costslu to use Simco. You raise more and better chicks. Sae a month In developing.IF YOUH NEAREST DEALER DOES NOTi4a.ur 011M) Mtuua Mjoetltuta and write usand wo wM supply yo freight pa" & yr t!-AAA TMC SIMMONS MILLING W-.V Sfmoo Stdf.,1 toJS W. Water St..Clnlnnat. O.Write for free keoWet "About reeding"2Tastes Fine, andBetter for HealthPostum Cerealis a pure, wholesomecereal beverage, contain- ;ing nothing harmful tos nerves or. digestion.It should he boiled at ;least twenty minutes. ThenPostum Cereal will reveala true coffee-like richness CnP rolcYr and flavor. y IThere & a ReasonSold by grocersi everywhere.HadrWPostum Cereal Company.IncBattle UreeK,Micnigaii.&-rc,.-, ,apr2l-ltF):Patronize Bourbon. News Adrertberfcfcii " 4f4ffvir. r, -a;ah&imsf'l.Hinhlm:it.I-ri5lwi. aiiLt Or; ji-:nir-itsom aa Ant f, lttl.kV ftr1 "THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, UWI1KJLTFRIDAY, JUNB 17, ltM T"4Sr IIMILLERSBURGMrs. Martha Vimont and Dr. W.G. Dailey are on the sick list.Miss Caroline Mclntyre has returmed from school at Wellesley,M86.-Clarence Wasson and D. P. Joneswere visitors in Cincinnati the pastweek.Maj. and Mrs. Walton R. Nelsonmnd daughter are visiting relativesin Maryland.- :Mrs. Harlan Paris and children,of !Lexingion, have returned homeafter a visit with her mother, Mrs.Henry Patterson.McMurtry, of Cynthiana.Mrs. J. T. Judy and childrenare visiting- her mother, Mrs. A.Payne, of Cynthiana.Miss Christine Patterson has resigned her position as bookkeeper atD. ?. Jones' grocery.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Saundersand Mrs. Owen Ingels attended thefuneral of Mr. Adrian Ratcliffe, atSharpsburg, Monday.Miss Anna James McClintock,of Hagerstown, Md., is with hermot&er, Mrs. Thos. McClintock, forthe summer vacation.Mr. and Mrs. John McDaniel,Mrs. I. N. Brown and Miss ElizabethBrown have returned from a tendays' stay at Dry Ridge, Ky.Mrs. O. M. Johnson, Mrs. AlexMiller and Mrs. R. M. Johnson, gavea tea Friday in honor of Mrs. BryanCol. R. W. Nelson, Mrs. Nelsonand little daughter, Jean, are guestsof relatives in Maryland, for theirsummer vacation.The Sunday school of the Christian church will observe next Sunday,June 19, as Children's Day. An entertainment will be given in thechurch under direction of Mrs. MaryA. Boston and Mrs. W. J. Slater.Among those from here who attended the Saunders-Judy weddingin Irexington, Wednesday, were Mr.and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre anddaughter, Caroline, Mr. and Mrs. G.D. Judy and Mr. and Mrs. J. B.Cray.HOME-BARN-GARAGETf vour home, barn or garageneeds a new roof, or if you are goingto build, call Homer Rankin, Paris,Ky., Cumb. Phone 899. He is offering a special discount for a sample iroof in or near MUlersDurg. iouwill notice large display ad of theBIRDS ROOFS, Shingle Design,elsewhere in this paper.. oYOTE FOR PEAECE PATON.APPELLATE COURT ORDERSIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Tuesday, the following orderswere entered affecting cases sent upfrom the Bourbon Circuit Court:Clay vs. Clay, Bourbon; agreement;appellee granted to first day of September term of court to file brief.Clay vs. Clay, Bourbon; appelleefiled objections to appellant's motionto advance and set for oral argument.RELIGIOUS.Miss M. Young is the championhammer thrower of England, havingthrown an eight-pound hammer adistance of 36 feet 7 inches.kaynIeK. & E.Rompers$1.502l2 to 6 years OldWash Suits2l2 to 7 years old$2.00 to $4.00Colors That Will Stay.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, FieldSecretary of the Kentucky Conference Sunday School Board, will havecharge of the services at the Meth-!oaist cnurcn in Flemingsburg, atmorning hour of worship Sunday.In the list of new members published in the last issue of the Christian Church Bulletin the followingwere overlooked: B. R. Locknane,James Quinn, Mrs. John Christman,Mrs. Shelby Moores, Ruby Brooks,Nancy Chanslor, Mrs. Anna Skillman. Christian Church CalendarSunday; Bible School, 9:30 a. m.,Morning Worship, 10:45 a. m., Junior Endeavor, 2:30 p. m., Male Chorus, 2:30 p. m., Christian Endeavor,6:30 p. m., Evening Worship, 7:30p. m.; Wednesday: Prayer Meeting,7:30 p. m.; Friday: Choir Practice,7:30 p. m.Dr. Thos. Burroughs Roberts, forthe last five years minister of theCentenary Methodist Episcopalchurch, of Lexington, has acceptedan invitation from Bishop E. G. Richardson, of Atlanta, and the pulpitcommittee of the Ponce de Leonchurch of that city, to assume thepastorate of the Atlanta church, onOcober 1.The Epworth League of theKentucky Conference will meet atMt. Sterling, June 21-24. About onehundred young people, representatives of various leagues of the Conference, will be present. An excellent program has been arranged.The program includes class studiesof the work of the various departments of the Epworth League work,addresses .and recreational exercises.The Georgetown News says ofRev. Jesse R. Kellums, who recentlyclosed a highly successful revival inParis, with a total of 205 additions:"Large crowds are attending the revival services at the Christian churchconducted by Dr. Jesse R. Kellums,who is delivering interesting andforceful sermons. C. H. Richards isleading the song service. There werefive additions to the church Sunday."Rev. Charles T. Thompson, a native of Bourbon county, has severedhis connection with the ChamberlainHunt Academy at Port Gibson, Miss.,which he served as president for thepast five years, and will assume thepastorate of the Presbyterian churchat Centerville, Miss. On retiringfrom the Academy, Rev. Thompsonwas presented with a handsome goldwatch by the Board of Trustees.Rev. B. B. Hestir, the new pastorof the Carlisle Presbyterian church,will be installed Sunday night in hisnew charge. Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of the Paris church, will preachthe sermon. Rev. W. W. Morton,pastor of the Millersburg church,will deliver the charge to the pastor.Rev. Thos. B. Talbott, of Lexington,will deliver the charge to the congregation, and Rev. Richard Caldwell, of Moorefield, will offer theprayer.Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor, willfill his pulpit at the Paris Presbyterian church Sunday morning, at tneusual hour of service. This will be aspecial for young people, Rev.Smylie's subject for tne occasion being, "Speed Up. At night he willbe in Carlisle, where he will takepart in the installation of the newpastor for the Carlisle Presbyterianchurch, Rev. B. B. Hestir. Rev. W.A. Hopkins, of Louisville, will preachat the Paris church at the Sundaynight service.Rev. C. H. Greer and Dennis V.Snapp, of Paris, were in Nicholasville yesterday where they attendedthe all-day Sunday School Institute,presided over by Mrs. G. E. Cameron,Methodist Conference ElementarySuperintendent. Rev. J. E. Moss,pastor of the Nicholasville Methodistchurch, with members of his congregation, acted as host for the occasion. An interesting program comprising addresses, songs and otherfeatures, filled up the day's work.Rev. Greer is president of the Conference Sunday School Board, andMr. Snapp is Field Secretary.A delegation from the Men's Bible Class of the Paris "Christianchurch will go to Georgetown, Sunday, to meet with the members ofthe Barton W. Stone Bible Class ofthe Georgetown Christian church.Representatives from the Sundayschools at Lexington, Midway, Versailles, Cynthiana, Nicholasville,Frankfort and Newtown are expected to be present. Preparations arebeing made to entertain five hundredpeople. A basket dinner will beserved in the church yard followingthe morning revival services conducted by Rev. Jesse Kellums and C.R. Richards.At the Church of the Anunciation in this city yesterday a class ofone hundred boys and girls were confirmed, this being the first event ofMothers:Give Us a Call and WeWill Be Glad to Showyou.Price & Co.Clothiersand FurnishersALwlOsaG(OPERAmJSEA I 12:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30TO-DAY, FRIDAYEthel ClaytonIIM'Sins of Rosanne'With Jack Holt, Grace Morse, Fred Mala-testa. Clarence Geldart.An amazing tale of a woman JekyllHyde. Under the spell of a Malay enchantress, she sold herself in a passion forprecious stones. Flung away happiness,honor, love, Plotted with diamond smugglers and thieves. Yet she reigned thebelle of society's most exclusive set. Until one night . . . ?A beauty picture that's all thrill.In Addition:CHAS. HUTCHISONin "DOUBLE ADVENTURE"And Snub Pollard Comedy,"Rush Orders"Tomorrow, SaturdayDorothy DaltonINA Romantic Adrenturess"A PARAMOUNT ARTCRAFT PICTUREYou'll Want to see it!The masquerade revel of the famousNew Orleans Carnival. Behind the sceneson the "first night" of a big Broadwayrevue. A Dixie belle exploited in NewYork s money marts. c 'Lady Beautif ul'smasked dance at a millionaire's midnightparty. The great Yale football game.Gambling for love of gold in the "devil'splayground" at Monte Carlo.ALSOHANK MANN"HOT DOGS"Monday, June 19thElaine HammersteinIN"Pleasure Seekers"Marrying a man to reform him doenot always work out but something hadto be done when she found out that heneeded reforming after they were married. It wasn't as 'smooth sailing as shethought it would be when they left thecountry village, but Murdock put one overon Broadway and everything turned outgreat. A charming characterization.Clear cut as a cameo.AlsoA Century Comedy"A Bunch of Kisses"and Pathe ReviewADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c. CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cthis character at the church in eightyears. The confirmation vows wereadministered by Bishop Brossart, ofCovington, Bishop of this diocese,with a large number of visitingpriests from other charges assistingRev.- Father wm. O'Hare in the exercises. Among them were Rev.Father Thomas Coleman, of Ludlow,predecessor of Rev. Father O'Hare,and Rev. Father Decius Carrol, ofCynthiana, were known here. Theconfirmation exerciseh were solemnand impressive. The cnurch wasfilled to capacity with an incereotedaudience.Preceding and following the con-firamtion Rev. Father Thomas Coleman, former pastor of the Parischurch, was given an enthusiasticwelcome and impromtu reception byhis former parishioners. He is stillin fancy, their beloved pastor,though now removed to a newcharge at Ludlow. Father Colemanexperienced considerable difficultyin evading his enthusiastic welcom-ers long enough to assist in the confirmation exercises, and after theywere over, held a levee, which thecongregation seemed determined heshould.fPICTURE PROGRAM ATAim ALAMOTo-day, Friday, June 17 EthelClayton, in "The Sins of Roseanne;"CharlesDouble Adventure;" Snub Pollardcomedy, "Rush Orders."To-morrow, Saturday, June 18Dorothy Dalton, in "A Romantic Adventuress;" Hank Mann, in comedy,"Hot Dog."Monday, June 20 Elaine Hammerstein, in "Pleasure Seekers;" Century comedy, "A Bunch of Kisses;"Pathe Review.GRAND NEWPORT GIRL WINS HIGHWAYESSAY CONTESTAn essay on "Highways and Highwftv Transnortation " written byHutchison, in serial, "The(Miss Lillian Duncan, Newport, wasdeclared to be the best on the subject written by several hundred Kentucky children, and was forwardedto Washington, D. C, for entry inCHICKEN STEALING CHARGEDCEMENT!HAVE JUST UNLOADED FRESHCAR CEMENT.(22apl-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.MISS HOWSFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa SpecialtyCOMMERCIAL CLUB NOTESRudolph Davis, chairman of thebooster trip which will be held inthe near future, has appointedchairmen for several committees toprepare details of the trip. Lawrence Price has been appointedchairman of a committee on speakersand entertainment; M. E. Gutman,chairman of the pubilicity and advertising committee, and Clyde Huffman, chairman of the attendancecommittee. Barnett Winters has consented to serve as treasurer. Mr.Davis called a meeting of the committee chairmen for last evening tofurther the arrangements. Effortswill be made to enroll a large number of persons for the trip on whichall the larger communities of thecounty will be visited.At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Paris Commercial Club,held Wednesday night at the DepositBank, M. P. Collier and A. B. Hancock offered, on behalf of the Bourbon Lumber Co., to donate highwaymarkers to be placed on the mainroads leading out of Paris. Thesemarkers will be of much help in directing tourists to and from Paris,and will designate the number ofmiles to the neighboring towns. Thelumber company will donate the material and the Commercial Club directors offered to stand the expenseof the sign work. Four large "Welcome" and "Goodbye" signs to beplaced on the outskirts of the cityare being built, also, and will beerected in the near future.Clyde Morris, a young white manof the North Middletown precinct,was given an examining trial beforeCounty Judge George Batterton ona warrant charging him with stealingchickens from Kenney Houston, ofthe same vicinity. He entered a pleaof guilty and following the hearingof evidence was held in the sum of?200 to appear before the grand juryat the June term of Bourbon CircuitCourt, which convenes Monday.the National Highways and Trans- and Congressional officesport Committee, a highway transportation organization. The essayswere judged by two inspectors fromthe State Department of Educatioaand Secretary of State Fred A.Vaughn.oCosta Rican women have beengranted the right to vote and theprivilege of holding State, municipalf Mt M MHI 1 1 1 M"H"J"M"t"Ml'H"M"M H I-M"I" HI I Hi 1 i I MHjGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 299iMHnMHHiiMmiiiiinMinnnniinintiiiimWOOL!WE ARE IN THE MARKET FOEWOOL. HAVE PLENTY OF NEWSACKS AND TWINE.(22apl-tf) CHAS.S. BRENT & BRO.(COUNTY CLERKS LOSE FIGHT FOREXTRASThe county clerks of KentuckyTuesday lost their light for an additional 5 per cent, commission forissuing antomobile licenses otherthan is allowed by the act of 1920,when the Court of Appeals ruledagainst them.It was the Clerks' contention thatunder sections 4195 and 4242 of theKentucky Statutes, the clerk was allowed a 5 per cent, commission forcollecting licenses generally.County Clerk S. Higgins Lewi3,Fayette county, in making his report to the State Auditor of moneycollected due the State, retained, the5 per cent, that had been collectedby him. He and J. B. Nash, Frankfort, filed suit against the State TaxCommission to compel that f body togrant an allowance of 5 per cent.These steps were taken at the instance of the County Clerks Associ-JWhite Footwear SpecialsA Revelation in Value GivingA profuse selection of the very newest in WHITE STRAP SUPPERS AND OXFORDS, one and two-strap effects, French or Military walking heels. Every pairpriced at one-third less than you pay elsewhere.JpJ.5?JLadies' Snow White Lace Oxfords and StrapPumps, Military Heels or Low Walking HeelsSpecialLadies' fine quality very beautiful WhiteCanvas and Linen, turn soles, one and twostraps, $4.00 values. SpecialWMB.WWLadies' $3.50 White Canvas Slippers, turnsoles, covered heels.SPECIAL $34QLadies' $5.00 White Slippers of very finequality. SpecialSPECIAL S3.4SSale of Men's ShoesThe GreatestValues!Great MoneySaving!Men's Tan English and BlucherLace Shoes, BlucherLace Oxfords. Goodyearsoles, rubber heels. Allsizes in the lot.-taifValues to $6.50CHOICE$199Men's High Grade Shoes and Oxfords, Tanand Black Vici Kid, Tan English. Values to$8.00. Special$4.95Another lot of Men's and Boys' Tan ScoutShoes. All Sizes. While they last-VERYSPECIAL!S1.99Misses9 and Children's White Canvas Slippers at a GreatSavins in Price. Bring them to this store, save the bigdifference,DAN COHENParis Greatest 9kee StoreWhere Beauty ani Ecoa y Reif nation oi tne 'State to test the law.-tfkf? ."t - V.tij..ft- f-V'ite. Vkr-'tir-1"J vt'i rf '