-A. v-fl J-v.- x.THEt ft 4 'aPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1S21"SiBOURBONNEWS, jrSCHOOL TOBE HELDAt a meeting of the committee onuniversity extension, Uniyersity ofKentucky, arrangements formallywere approved by the committeewhereby a summer school will beheld at Paris for five weeks, beginning yesterday, to be conductedunder the auspices of the Universityof Kentucky. Professor Wellington Patrick, director of universityextension, was authorized to carryinto execution the plans for thework.The teachers of Bourbon county,Paris, Millersburg and other townsin the county, are far above the average in educational attainment, andvery few of them -have done theirpart of their college work. For thisreason it has been planned to deviatefrom the regular summer school program and the college work for theteachers of that county.The following persons will constitute the faculty: SuperintendentJ. W. Lancaster, of Bourbon countyhigh school, is to be principal of theschool and will direct -the work.Professor Mary Frances Jewell, of thedepartment of English at the University of Kentucky, will give coursesin English; Professor J. C. Jones, ofthe University, will give courses inhistory and government; Miss Nannie Gr. Clark, of Millersburg, willconduct courses in primary work andMiss Edith Stivers, of the Paris HighSchool, will conduct some work inscience and physiology. About halfof the work will be of high schoolgrade and the rest will be collegework. Superintendent Lee Kirkpatrick, of the Paris city school, wasactive in organizing the work, andwas requested to accept a place onthe faculty by the University authorities, but he declined to do so, as hehad other engagements that will.prevent.This is a new venture for the department of university extension,and the modification of the summerschool program as outlined by Superintendent Colvin is a matter thatwill be watched. The plans for thework will have to be approved bySuperintendent Colvin before thework can be credited.oHELD TO GBAND JUBY"Dillard Grant, colored, chargedwith housebreaking in having forcibly entered three business houses in. Millersburg several weeks ago, was;given his examining trial Fridayafternoon by Acting Judge E. M.Thomason. Following submission ofevidence in the case he was held tothe grand jury in the sum of $500.Being unable to furnish the bond hewas remanded to the custody of-Jailer Thos. Taul.o-THE BEST" II you want the best refrigeratormade, buy the Automatic.THE J. T. HINTON CO.24-5t)SUMMERltnilllHHIHHIt4HIlilHtHinM'HHillHKRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSDON'TOVERLOOKTHESETaffeta Charmeuse" Tricoletteand Wool JerseyDRESSES$15.50I "SHOP ATJ HOME"I FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi l 1 1 J.I 1 Ml 111 J.I 1 1 IJCHEISTIAlf CH01CH BEVIVALMAY CLOSE WEDNESDAYAt the close of the Sunday nightservice there had been 189 additionsto the church at the Kellums-Rich-ardsrevival.At both services Sunday the churchwas filled to overflowing, and at theSunday night service" many wereturned away. The meeting is now inits fourth week, and there has beena large outpouring at every serviceand this wittibut ' the semblence ofsensationalism. Every sermon thatRev. Kellums has delivered has beenalong strictly doctnrinal lines, butthe interest of his hearers has neverfor one minute lessened. A remarkable feature of this revival is thatat only one service has there beenno additions.The sermon Sunday evening on"Christian Union"- was one of sledgehammer arguments and was themost convincing one ever delivered inParis, showing the fallacy and extravagance of Christian division,but was delivered in all fairness andkindness, and it would be an extremely sensitive person who couldtake offense. The preacher contended only for the church as it was inthe time of the Apostles, and his aimwas to show by the Bible that therewas not only no necessity, but iCwaswrong to either add to or take fromthe teachings as laid by the HolyWrit.To-night music will be furnishedby the Male Chrous under ihe direction of Mr. Boatright. Every one iscordially invited.The congregational singing is asenthusiastic and whole-hearted, andeven more so, than at any time during the meeting.The subject to-night will be,i'Three Answers to The Same Question;" Wednesday night, "The Unpardonable Sin."Wednesday night will in all probability be the last of the meeting.The Kellums party goes to Georgetown from Paris, and will hold ameetine: in Lexington in October.Rev. Kellums stated in his advancetalk Sunday evening that he wasdated up four years in advance.If you are missing these sermonsyou are the loser, as they are someof the most remarkable ever heard.Come and bring some one with you.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANEB1 Is now open and ready for business, at 623 Main street ,next to W.T. Talbott's store. All kinds of garments cleaned and pressed.We call for and deliver all orders.Call me over either phone.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.o-FOR GRADUATIONTHE LATEST NOVELTY CRAZEBRACELETS IN STERLING SILVER AND GREEN GOLD FELLED,AT $1.00 AND UP.(17-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.j.3i:VI J U I" l? M M Mill iSCHOOL NOTESThe Bourbon County Public Schoolcommencement will be held in theParis City School Auditorium onWednesday, June 8, at 10:00 a. m.At this time one hundred .and thirtyseven Bourbon County boys and girlswill receive diplomas. Hon. GeorgeC. Colvin, of Frankfort, will deliverthe address. Prof. J.. Wilbur Lancaster, of Millresburg, will deliverthe diplomas. Kidd's Orchestra, ofLexington, will furnish the music.At this commencement the CountyBoard of Education ,and the CityBoard of Education, xtbe membersof the Bourbon county summerschools, the Bourbon county teachersand the parents of the graduateswill occupy seats especially reservedfor them. This is by far tlte largestnumber of public school graduatesever graduated at one time from theBourbon county schools, and perhapsthe largest ever graduated at onetime from the public schools of anycounty in the State. We are especially proud of this achievement, andwe feel sure Bourbon county isproud of it. Be sure to attend thiscommencement.The Paris High School Commencement . exercises will be held in theChristian church, June 9th, at 10o'clock. Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church, will deliver the class address, at which timethe following students will receivediplomas and certificates:Fern Stone, Josephine Fithian,Ann R. Duncan, Eva Chappell, Lorraine Weathers, Frances Kenney,Nancy Young, Milton Darnell, LouiseLetton, Amelia Morrison, MaryFrances Campbell, Hedgina Taylor,Soule Davis, Betsy Helburn, Elizabeth Deaver, Lucinda Patton, LillianMitchell, Miriam Galloway, LouiseKeal, Ussery Wilder, James MillerDundon, Cletis Evans, James McClintock, Collins Hall, ClaiborneLisle, Norbert Friedman, RaymondStamler, Morris Price.The Bourbon county SummerSchool opened yesterday in the CitySchool building at Paris. A fiveweeks summer session for childrenof the first eight grades began. Thisschool is open to any child in Parisor Bourbon county who properly belongs to the first eight grades. Theschool will be in session one hour, aa day, from ten to eleven, and willbe used as a practice teaching schoolfor the summer training sphool. Theschool is under the direction of theState University. Parents will pleasecall at the Pubfic City School officeand make arrangements if they wanttheir children to attend this session.No tuition will be charged, and itwill be a splendid opportunity forchildren who are weak in some subjects to make it up.At a meeting of the County Boardof Education held yesterday Prof. J.Moler McVey, former attorney ofParis, and one of the foremost educators of the State, was elected to fillthe position of Superintendent of theBourbon Cunty Schools. Prof. McVeyis a native of Bourbon county, agraduate of Transylvania College andtook post-graduate work at the University of Virginia. He was untilrecently principal of the publicschools in Dayton, Ky., and has forthe past fifteen years been engagedin advanced educational work. Prof.McVey married Miss Terrill, daughter of Robert M. Terrill, of near Cliatcnville. He is a man of the highestcharacter and eminently qualified inevery way for the position to whichhe has been elected.Miss Cornell, of State Universityof Kentucky, spent Saturday hereinspecting the laboratories arid arranging with the school the coursesfor next year. Miss Cornell is thehead of the department of HomeEconomics offered in the South. MissCatherine Christian, who has assistedin the department in State University, has been selected to teach thiswork in Paris next year.During the year that, has justclosed the Commercial Department of ' ptyan picked up the sack preparatorythe Paris High School has tried ro I to emptying the contents into a garserve the -public in a larger way thanjbage can, when a large tarantulain previous years. This year we j sprang out and fastened on her hand,offered work to students who were , Before medical attention arrived hernot in school and who were not of; hand was badlv swollen from 'theschool age. Fifteen young men andwomen of this city and county tookadvantage of this work this year andwe are glad to 'have them. We areglad to make what contribution wecould to the adult population of thecity and county.Superintendent Lee Kirkpatrickrequests parents whose childrenfailed in one or two subjects duringthe past term of school to urge theirchildren to study on those subjectsduring the summer months, and tryto make the necessary grade atthebeginning of -school in 'September.The custom of cross grading is veryannoying to teachers and pupils aswell, and should be avoided wherepossible. With a few 'hours cfstudy each week the work can beaccomplished.Commencement exercises of theWestern High School,, colorea, wereheld, heginriing with the baccalaureate sermon Sunday morning. Yesterday was Patrons' Day. The commencement exercises proper will beheld 'Friday at the Grand OperaHouse. The address will be delivered by Col. Roscoe Simmons, the noted,colored orator, ot Chicago.The ninety-eighth annual commencement of Centre College will beheld in Danville Wednesday morning, in the College Chapel. Twentyundergraduates will receive the degrees that make tljem -alumni, andthree honorary jdegrees will be conferred. The degree of Bachelor ofArts will be "conferred on Edwin'Kerr Thomas, son of Hon. Claude M.Thomas, of Paris. . Dr. W.-A. Ganfield, president of the College, willpreside' over the ceremonieSUNDAY AUTOMOBILE COLLISIONliUKES TWOAs the result of a phiiisinn Tip-tween two automobiles on the Pea- NEWS contained an editorial whichcock pike, near Currentsville, a few stated that "A cynical business manmiles from Paris, Sunday morning, wants to 'know why the Paris CornMrs. George Rankin, of Shawhan, is mercial Club isn't more interested inconfined in the Massie.Memorial Hos- J tfae matter of securing new businessfit&l, with a broken arm, and her enterprises, lower freight and exhusband, Dr. George L. Rankin, sus-1 Press rates, and other business netained a badly cut leg, and bruises cessities than in playgrounds, tennisabout the body.The automobile in which Dr. andMrs. Rankin were riding 'collidedSunday morning at' a point near, thennn-itt rf r -- -. ri... . ...chine driven by R. C. Ruggles, ofthe Ruggles Motor Co., of Paris, whowas accompanied by Mrs. RugglesV""' v vxcwisc current wren a ma-ana Mrs. Elizabeth Moore, of this'city. None of the parties in tho !Ruggles machine were injured, but -""c uauiy & ii cme u up. xneir machine was badly damaged by theforce of the collision, the Rankin machine escaping with a broken windshield and a bent fender. Both machines were brought in for repairs.The accident occurred at a pointwhere there is a very sharp curve,the machines pitching n each otheralmost before their drivers discovered the presence of the other. Dr.and Mrs. Rankin, who were comingto Paris, were the only occupanrsof their car.' The George W. Davis ambulancewas summoned and brought Dr. ani.Mrs. Rankin to the Massie MemorialHospital,, in this city, where the extent of their injuries was determined by physicians. Dr. Rankin isable to be out on crutches, but Mrs.Rankin will remain at the institution for some time. That no onewas killed is a miracle, the two carscoming together with such force thatMrs. Rankin was thrown some distance. JUDGE ERNEST MARTIN TOR POLICE JUDGEIn this issue of THE NEWS appears the official announcement ofJudge Ernest L. Martin, of Paris,for re-election to the office of PoliceJudge, which position he has heldfor the past four years, and whichhe has filled in a most thoroughmanner.Judge Martin is serving his fourthyear, as Police Judge of the City ofParis, and during his administrationhe has proven a fearless and impartial official, dealing justly, yet firmly,with all those who were brought before him on law. violations.Quite a number of Paris Democrats, admirers of 'Judge Martin, hadimyui Liuitiu nun lo suck, a -nigneroffice at the coming August primaryelection, but Judge Martin feels thathe can better serve the people ofParis as their Police Judge at thistime, and he is actively seeking theDemocratic nomination for PoliceJudge.Judge Martin has always been onthe firing line in the battles forDemocracy in the city, county andState campaigns, and has provenhimself thoroughly capable and competent. He is well-known to thevoters of the city, where he has beenengaged in business for many years,and his record in office is one ofwhich he is proud.In presenting his candidacy forPolice Judge, Mr. Martin does fcowith a distinct sense of his meritsand asks the support of the Democrats of the city. (adv)THOUGHT HE HAD 'EMThe surprise of her life greetedMrs. William Ryan, wife of a Bourbon county farmer, the other day,when she opened a sack of bananas.While in Paris making a purchaseof supplies, Mr. Ryan bought a halfdozen bannnis, which were placed ina sack by me dealer. On arrivinghome Mr. Ryan and wife partook Jfthe fruit and placed the peelings inthe sack. The next morning Mrs.poison, but her family physician nowconsiders her out of danger. The,insect was killed.; 0FEAR RELATIVES SAFETYConsiderable anxiety is felt hereby relatives for the safety of two for- jmer Bourbon county pople wnowere residing in or snear Pueblo,Colo., following news of the recent,disastrous floods in that city. MissIda Phillips, sister of Mrs. DaisyMargolen, of Paris, and Mrs. L. M.West, formerly Miss Boulden, ofMillersburg, were both in the floodeddistrict when last heard from. Theirrelatives are enxiously awaitingnews from them.o f-THE BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club will holdtheir regular shoot next FridayJune 10. The trophy to be contested for at this shoot wilj be ahandsome silk umbrella donated byShire &, Fithian, and is now on display in the. large show window oftheir jewelry store. Shootjng startspromptly at 1:30. Visitors alwayswelcome.oWe have just discovered a biggerfool than the man who knows it all.He is the fellow who will argue withhim.Four million children throughoutthe United StaUs have been enrolledin the modern health crusad whichis a' new. educational system of practical liygient. , "-SECRETARY HACKER EXPLAINSi COMMERCIAL CLUB PLANS' A recent issue of tetr RnrrRTtmM'courts and Community Service."William E. Hacker, Secretary of theCommercial Club, replies as follows:"I appreciate the opportunity toreply to the above statement, whichlis made by one who has not had aj verv active connection with the Paris' Commercial Club. The CommercialClub inaugurated the playgrbund3movement, for which I believe we do110 deserve censure, but playgroundsdevelopment, tennis courts, and suchare being developed through theCommunity Service organization ofParis, which is a separate organization and independent of the ParisCommercial Club."The Paris Commercial Club isdeeply interested in the matter ofsecuring new business enterprises.We have worked consistently to develop Paris industrially, and if thereare not yet any new smokestacks, itin Tint hppnuco w Tintro tinf tvlaA Twould be glad to go over with anyone-, who is enough interested, whatwe have' done in this line, and discuss with him the present industrialsituation, which is not ver.y favorableanywhere in the country at present.j.1 have communicated with numerousconcerns, and have had several factory representatives here, and weare hopeful that we may secure somedesirable industrial additions toParis. We hive taken up a numberof transportation projects, the mostrecent of which is our effort to getthe favorable schedule of freightrates on coal for Central Kentuckycities sustained. We have been concerned with many retail problems,and for the promotion of retail business have conducted, a window contest, a trade-at-home campaign, astyle show, and are now promoting abooster trip' over the county, andoutlining plans for a school of salesmanship and advertising, to be conducted for the benefit of merchantsand clerks. " ""I regret that I can not -haye several columns of THE BOURBONNEWS to outline the things we aretrying to accomplish for the good ofParis. Such an organization as ours,regardless of how broad its aims, orhow effectively it operates, is thesubject of a certain c&m'punt I of '-adversecriticism in any- town. Myonly appeal tothese critics is tobring their criticisms direct to myoffice. If they can offer anythingconstructive I will personally backthem up, heart and soul, in accomplishing what they want to accomplish. I just want to say, in conclusion, the people of Paris have putbarely $3,000 into the Paris Commercial Club, less than to any otherpublic organizations, and less than toprobably, any of the dozen driveswhich took -money out of theirtown. These causes were all worthy,but probably no more so than theeffort to make their own home towna better place to live in. With an'inadequate revenue, precluding tneaccomplishment of many tnmgswhich require financial assistance, Ibelieve the Paris Commercial Clubis not doing so 'worse;' in fact Ithink it is just as live an organization as you will find in any city ofthe size in Kentucky,"ANNOUNCEMENT PARTYMrs. W. S. Jones entertained at herhome in Paris with a party at whichthA pnsraerement of her niece, MissMildred Collins to Mr. Stanley Dickson, was announced. The house wa3beautifully decorated with greenflowers. In the dining room the tablewas covered with Russian lace, acenter piece of pink roses, the placecards being French backets, makinga lovely picture of rose beauty. Adelicious menu of four courses wasserved. At the close of the firstcourse the charming little ElizabethAnderson Jones, the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Robert Jones, came intothe room representing cupid, andcarried a telegram, announcing thewedding would take place in June.She is a lovely child and her entrance and the interesting news madej quite a featureThfi euests were: Miss Mane ioi-Miss Marie Col-lins, Miss Mildred uoinns, lvirs. xvuut.G. Jones, Mrs. Allie Dickson, Mrs.W. S. Meng, Mrs. Tollie Young, Mrs.William Redmon, Mrs. C. C. Clark,Miss Carter, of Cincinnati, Mrs.Graham Young, Mrs. J. W. Jones,Mrs. Hiram Redmon, Mrs. FranfcSledd, Mrs. Tinder, Mrs. J. W. Young.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERIs now open and ready for business, at 623 Main street ,next to W.T. Talbott's store. All kinds of garments cleaned and pressed.We call for. and deliver all orders.Call me over eitner phone.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.. ... -r -rT-oDON'TE0RGET. ITDONE.MUST BETAHT'S SO? YOU HAVE TOBUY A GRADUATION GIFT. ' ANJTHE PLACE TO GET IT IS AT THEHOUSE OF QUALITY. mw(17-tf) SHIRE & ITTHIAN." "" 4.CEMENT!HAVE JUST UNLOADED FRESHCAR CEMENT..- ;(22apl-tf) CHAS.S. BIlNTAllO.RETAIL CLOTHIERS DT SSSKKMai JiUUJ3VUibJ. Withers Davis, second Tice-jras-ident of the Kentucky Retail Clothiers' Association, will be unable tMattend the oneninsr session nt iaAssociation in I-ouisviller, which fcgins to-day, being retained, at homby business matters.The convention of the clothieroriginally was scheduled to be helfton June 14 and 15, but because offthe annual convention of the Travelers' Protectice Association openingon June 14 the late" was changed. ,Clothing retailers deny the chargeafmade that they have not taken theUfloss, and marked merchandise afflower prices. This subject will bmgiven careful attention "at this meeting. Addresses will be made by atnumber of men prominent in ththclothing business .in the State anfcin other States.The Kentucky Association hajabout 75 members. The officerare Ellis Malone, Frankli,. president; W. C. Fisher, Lexington, first!vice-president; Withers Davis,. Pariasecond vice-president; A. L. Harbison, Shelbyville, treasurer, and L. G,Boone, Elkton, secretary.POPULAR DICK STOLL HOW CIS.curr judge.Popular "Dick" Stoll, of Lexing-.ton, was appointed Circuit Judge offFayette county by Got. Morrow uponthe resignation of Judge Chas. Kerrwho goes to the Federal bench offthe Panama Canal Zone.Judge Stoll has' been acting Cir--cuitJudge in Lexington for some?time, due to the illness of JudgeiKerr, and has given general satisfaction, presiding over the Court witftLease and dignity. Of course, a Democrat will be elected to fill the va-.cancy, but if a Republican shouldhappen to squeeze in, the many;friends of Mr. Stoll, like to see hintmade the lucky man.PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBELLS.Don't forget that the 10th of thatmonth is the last day to pay your:gas and electric bills and save thflfregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)RAISE CEMETERY FUHDAt a meeting in Carlisle called byCharles H. Peterson, of Paris, of relatives of persons buried in Mt. Pleasant Cemetery, in Nicholas county,the sum of $700 was subscribed for;the upkeep of the cemetery groundsNearly one thousand people attendedthe meeting, which was presidedT over,by Mr. Peterson.We Know HowThe Latest ShowingofLIGHT-WEIGHTRSilk Socks .Ladies' Silk HoseWash TiesFlannel Trousers!All f the above arequality goods of Standard makes.If you want the bestsummer goods at, theright prices, see us. xSee Window Display!"We Know How"MITCHELL &BLAKEMORE- StstsMi Spring Hots?STRAW HATSIK SHIRTSiV SvJLi)S-iti?-C"v-.V1 "m JUUMBON KMWS, FAKIS, KBWTUCKtTOTBDAT, JUNB T, liJT.FAGS TWOESSSMBEWJIi ,.-1"HE BOURBON NEWS188140 Yean of Connous PublicttiomPvMMkei Erery Tueiday and FridayPer Year. .$2.00-6 Months. .$1.00Iftfule in Advance.SWOT? CHAMP, Editor and Owner.at the Paris, Kentucky,Psatosace as Mail Matter 1 theIttyia1 Class.)KEEP KIDNEYS WELLHealth Is Worth Saving, and SomeParis People Know Howto Save It.ra101EIGH BEPBESEHTATJVES. York American Press Asso-ioftffo Lord & Thomas.Fhiladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Ady. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Xcwisville Iiowman-Mnllican Co.ADVERTISING RATBSD4rt,?lay Advertisements, $1.00 parmtik tnr first time: 60 cenU per Inchsack oubeequent insertion.BeaMac Notices, 10 eeate per Unaat Laaae; reading notloac in alackjjWt & cemta per Una, each lsta.Garde of thanks, calla on candl'tea, oMtuaries and reaolauoas. andsimilar rnattar, 10 eanta par Una.Bfecial rataa lor large adrartitawii sad yearly f trttsVfce rit of rsettsktr la raaatTadto ieellme any advertisaeieat or otherstarter lor publication.Aanoancesaents for peUtical officaaiat tavariably be accompanied ayaa eaaa.Aay erroneous reflection upon theaaracter, standing or reputation ofany person, Ann or corporationw&iefc may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlyaorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.EDITORIAL IUNGS OF THIS.THAT EN 'T0THERAn old-time pastime was a walkingtour, a book carried and read alongthe road. The only book suitable forsuch, reading in this age of motorTehicles would be "Spiritual Consolation For Those About To Die." Forthe danger of death would be everpresent for anyone who would walkalong the road now Teading a book.The horses have been removed to"fair Latonia," but still the last wordhas not been said on the betting instinct in man, the born gambler.Now, a Paris man comes forwardwith this one: "Our frivolousweather makes the confirmed gamIer regret that he cannot trade init. If it was only possible to goshort on "Temptation Common" at85 on Wednesday and close out at53 on Thursday.". o-Origin of Widow's Caps.Widows wore caps, says one authority, st the time of the Roman conquestat England, because they shaved theiraeads as a sign of mourning; as woman would not allow sherself to bseen with a bald head, she made herselfa pretty cap. Though the nevessity forIt has Ions since passed away, the capstill remains. Why do we wear heelsan our shoes 1 Because the sandallike footgear of olden times was notadapted to horseback riding, and whenshe high boots were introduced heelswere put on 'for the purpose of givingthe foot a good hold on the stirrup.Smoke as a Lightning Rod.It would seem that a building 9,000eet above the sea Ierei should beprotected by lightning rods, but theastronomical observatory at MountBtna has not, and does not, need suchprotection. The observatory is nearthe summit of the volcano, and thestream of vapor constantly rising fromthe crater acts as "a natural conductor,draining the electricity out of thei clouds, so that lightning is seldom saenthere.Many Paris people take their livesin their hands by neglecting thekidneys when they know these organsneed help. Weak kidneys are responsible for a vast amount of sufferingand ill health the slightest delay isdangerous. Use Doan's Kidney Pillsa remedy that has helped thousands of kidney sufferers. Here is aParis citizen's recommendation.Geo. McCandles, Second street,gave the following statementJanuary 17, 1912: "It is sometimesince I have had occasion to takeDoan's Kidney Pills. When I haveused Doan s they gave me completerelief, which has proven permanent.My kidneys were inactive and I hadbackaches. The use of Doan s Kidney Pills put a stop to all thetrouble."On November 12, 1920, Mr. McCandles said: "I don't kown of anyremedy I can recommend more highly,than Doan's Kidney Pills and I gladlyconfirm the statement I gave manyyears ago when I recommended them.All I said at that time still holdsgood."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney. Pills the same thatMr. 'McCandles had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)NOISY M0TORCYSLES ARE UNNECESSARYThe noisy motorcycle is officiallytaboo. There never was any legitimate need for a rider to travel withhis machine, especially within thelimits of any city or town, with hismuffler onen. thereby causing themotor to emit a stream of roaring explosions into the atmosphere.It has been Droved time and againthat there is no appreciable loss ofpower under all normal conditions itthe exhaust of the motor is- muffledin other words, if the muffler iskept closed.The results just announced of aseries of tests made by a prominentmotorcycle manufacturer still further substantiates this contention.Comparative tests of motor efficiencyof motors with muffled and unhindered exhausts were made under allconditions of load and speed.The engineers who supervise thetests issued the statement that undernormal conditions there is no material loss in motor efficiency. Motorcycles are designed and built to runsmoothly and quietly. Wherever the"noisy" motorcycle appears it maybe assumed that the operator it asfault. He has a false conception ofthe use of the open muffler, or elseit is nlain indifference that causeshim to indulge in this motoring evil.ENTRY BLANKS TOR PALL TR0T-oGERMAN WAGES AND PRICES.German wages at the present timeare reported to be about $5 in goldweekly, or roughly ene-half of theprewar normal. German prices interms of gold seem J;o be on the average around 20 per cent above the prewar normal: The German industrialInterests seem to hava been . able todeceive the German workmen with thedepreciated German mark, says Wallace's Farmer. In terms of marks,the German workmen may be get-.ting five or six times what they werebefore the war, but in terms of whatthe money will buy, they are. gettingfar less. .It Is a strange thing thatpeople have come so to worship moneythat they will allow themselves to bedeceived. As long as German moneyhas a fluctuating gold value, it Islikely that the United States will findGermany a very hard competitor tobeat; .With a currency, of uncertainvalue It is possible to make labor domore work for less return than wouldotherwise be the case. Germany willeventually pay for the war by the selfdenial of her laboring people, a selfdenial enforced by a manipulated currency system.RAILROAD LIGHTS IDE HIGHWAYS ARE FAVOREDFor SaleAdoption of a uniform three-colorsignal system on highways, as theyare used on railroads, is gaining rapidly throughout the country.Two hundred cities and towns already have installed this method ofnotifying motorists of various degreesof danger. Red lights and standardsare nut ud to show first decree danger, such as railroad crossings, dead Jends of roads or lift bridges. Yellowlights and markers show second dejrrpfi dancer at curves and errades.I Green" indicates moying or trafficdanger, to ne used at roaa intersections. Highway officials of New Jerseyhave approved a bill for adoption ofthis plan in their State. It also hasbeen approved by the committee onstandards of the American Association of State highway officials.Many national organizations interested in reducing automobile accidents also have expressed their indorsement of this plan.One-ton Truck; bargain; price$225.09.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.(Cmay-tf)LostSomewhere in or arovntl Parte,radiator cap, with mator tec attached. Finder please retam ttJDR. R. R. McMILUUf,may31-tf) Paria, Hy.EAGLE "MIKADO"SbplPAeiri.No.174For Sale aTyoarDaaltr Mat - fir. r4ASK FOR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED RANDEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORK(till july4)These women soldiers should bevery useful when it comes to a counter drive. Arkansas Gazette.Planing MillTha oha nf nvster Ttoisonincr. like Ithoit of rifttri nolsonimr. ia still in We are prepared to do all kindsdoubt Fresh oysters in season areof nlanins: mill work.always safe. According to Gardet, alloysters are diseased during the summer. The nature of the disease wasnot determined, but it was found thatdiseased oysters possess a characteristic milky appearance and that theliver Is enlarged and gray and softaccording to George H. Glover ef theColorado Agricultural college. Thesale of oysters is prohibited from Mayto August and poisoning, by oystersmay occur in September and October.It is better not to take a chance onoysters that do not smell fresh, andthis is most likely to occur in the firstoysters that appear in the marketearly in the faU.Window Screens, Door Screens andodd work a specialty.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON,Paris, Ky.E. T. Phone 711.Home Phone 510.(T-tf) 'The secretary of agriculture saysthere' Is a surplus of onions in thecountry and urges people to eat moreonions. Consumption depends largelyupon price. The country's onion trouble is, the speculators store the latecrop and sell at high prices, using thefall surplus to depress the spring cropand the spring surplus to depress thefall crop, says Houston Post. They8K' the hellions who gouge the producer and the consumer.To the People of Paris andSurrounding CountryI will open a photograph studioat No. 7, Broadway, opposite courthouse, Paris. If you want good,finely-finished photos at a reasonable price, call and give me a trial.Will be open for business in aboutID days.(3-2wks)- M. O. DORA.Preserving Miik.Is milk condensed? Milk is contensed by the evaporation of the warte it contains, after it has teepjsterilized. Sugar is added to somarands, and is not added to others,and the unsweetened is known aaevaporated" milk to distinguish itfrom the sweetened. Copper tanksholding 1,000 gallons or more are usedin the sterilization of the milk, andthe water is evaporated In hugevacuum pans. .-,,QThe Savior In Profane History.Among the historical referenrastaJesus Christ which are undispuPlSthat made by Tacitus, the Roman histerian, who on speaking of the Christians said, "The originator of thatume had been executed in the reignf Tiberius by order of the administrator, Pontius Pilate." .This may befound In the Annals of Terevat. Reference to Christ Is also made in the"Antiquities of Josephus," a Jewish hlatrian, who was contemporary withChrist, but this passage Is declared bysome to be a forgery.a . .1Dlctltn.Be seals both in the affluence and' i ' sW aesssiy af your dictian ; apart na"" wealta that yon can pat In, and tolerate so superfluity that can. be struckfcTING MEETEntrv blanks for the forty-ninthannual meeting: of the KentuckyTrotting Horse Breeders' Association,October 3-15, are being distributed,giving conditions for the nine earlyclosing events, which are closedJune 1, and the two divisions of theKentucky Futurity on which payments on horses to race this year areto be made. Of the early closers,six are for trotters and three forpacers. The trotting events are worth$18,000, those for pacers 7,000,making 25,000, while with the twodivisions of the Kentucky Futurityat $21,000, gives the total stakemoney for the season at $46,000.This, with the 30 purse races toHnsfi vi September, will give a totalprogram of about $85,000 for the tendays meeting. To date the association has paid to horsemen $2,558,780 in the 48 years of its existence.One feature of the meeting thisvear is the change in conditions ofthe races, each ana an oi wnicn winbe decided on the 2-in-3 heat plan.President Tipton, of the association,said the main reason for so doingwas to give every stake norse achance to start three times duringthe meeting, if their owners so desired. The change will be well received locally, as the three heat planline never been oopular in Kentucky.The old three in five plan was. bestliked until horses began to trot andpace so fast that it was almost cruelty to animals to ask them to racethis number of heats.oKNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS IN REHEP WORKOrganization of committees of women in every town where thre arepublic health service and government-conductedhospitals to providecomforts for disabled former servicemen was decided upon at a meetingin Kansas City of Knights of Columbus supreme officers departmentdirectors and supervisors from everyState, it was announcea. xucmeeting was called to plan the expenditure of $5,000,000 balance1 ofthe K. C. war fund.Tt is onr aim to enroll the mothers and wives and sisters of the menwho returned well and whole fromthe war to aid the thousands whocame hack with health impaired,"William J. McGinley, supreme secretary said.a- ..iThe Word Metis.The word Metis, means mixed. It iafrom the French metis, a derivative oftbs iAtin mlscere, to mix. xThe termwas first used in this country by theaarly French-speaking population ofthe Northwest to designate persons ofmixed white and Indian blood. Amongthe Spanish-speaking population of thaSouthwest the word mestizo, of thesame derivation, Is used, but it appliessacra especially to those of half whiteasd half Indian blood.Put down as another fruitless occupation, that man would rather purnha -than work, the telline ef' "adventures that never occsrred and therepetition of advice given by successful politicians who nerar followed itIt must ba a great relief to Germanyto know what it will be required topay for the war. Probably, too, theamount will deter any other nationfrom engaging in a similar pastimefor at least 42 yearsStream FishingThe Bourbon Fish and Game Clubdesires the co-operation of the citizenship of Bourbon county in restocking and protecting fish inBourbon streams,Membership fee, $2.00. See or callAYLETTE BUCKNER, Pres.CHAS. SPEARS, Vice-Pres.JAS. McCLINTOCK, Treas.(31-3t)Statistics show that there is at present one motorcar for every two families. But if reckless and drunkendrivers speed up a bit in their effortsat depopulation there will in time beone car per family.JordProducing 4,000 Cars a DayStop, Look and ReadFour thousand cars a day and still behind in orders!What does this mean? It simply means that Ford Carsare selling; everywhere. And why? Because they appealto the business man and the pleasure seekers, and satisfies the most fastidious in fact, it is the only car thatmeets the demand of all.We are doing business at the same old place andwould be pleased to have you come in and get our pricesonSedans, Coupes, TouringRoadsters and TrucksIf you have the money, alright. If not, come in andlet us explain our monthly payment plan.RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYA. B. HANCOCKPresidentMARY K. TARRV. PresidentM. PEALE COLLIERSecy. -TreasExperts now tell us that the UnitedStates has enough coal to last 3,000years. The real question right now is,have we got enough to last till ifssafe to let the 'furnace fire go out forthe summer?And now abideth aspiration, inspiration and perspiration, these three, butthe greatest and most necessary ofthese in this world right now is perspiration properly superinduced.Turkey will compel men abovetwenty-four years of age to marry, theassumption being that if a man can'tsupport a wife by that time, the wifewill be able to support him.Going to Build ?See Our Book of PlansGet Our EstimateLet Us Furnish Your Needs in HighClass Material and ServiceWar is a great enemy to human life,of course, bet strike generation averages and it will be found that Ignorance and negligence are the greatertwin enemies of humanity.From police reports, it appears thata moonshiner is almost sure to getcaught, but so far no still manufacturer has suffered an interruption ofhis business. ,- "Falls 9,000 Feet in Plane, AttendsBanquet," must have been somewhatof a poser for those who are given toreading just the headlines.tSometimes we wonder whether thereis more immorality in the world thanin the old days or whether the reporters are more alert.w m - mmmm,' v '" S tffltf3SBBBv BSSBBBwis&&Vis V "'-'' .mx'KSBBBSSSKlBSSSSSK?w jpk ,. .sBlBBBsr MBBsBBisisWwiSMsWsmif - SPt 8issSk liSSkmBSSSSSSSSal -BBIHb&kMsSSSbWT Snlttli r -TiSEsSUl. "V'sBKHBBBBBBBBBh BBBBBx.v-oSB3WsBStc B?SBBBk Vv$ l J ymSsSB -''a- '' SSBBSSMSiSISSB tetorHBHBSSSSSSSSBI BBBbBt JBSBSSbVXI ' 3MMSSP7 sVAVAsW SSSBSSSl vC"" H 1 91 hImVJBSIBSSSSBWBMMlSsffBBSSMToL .BBBM sTssfln "' SSBBBSXx 55,5i' (BHSSjBSSBSSS HHB fr-lwc s? .a HB .SHBHV . BBSBSSv?'' f v 'N7v"SSSSSflBBBBBBsSBttBVSJMMMt&iMnE ..MMiiBBjHBWBmBflJSSSSjSj 3" s v. SSBHb.BsMkSZ.JsHSBBBSBsBsBBlSBBBBBSEBBBBBBBSBBBSSfJBBSThe man who is shocked becausewomen smoke cigarettes forgets thathis great grandmother may havesmoked a pipe.Ensusjh n That Head.As you say, Boger, the bald truth Isenrnethinr you cant sollt hairs over.-wt TkM Weatwertk Higglason. I Boston Transcript. 'Less extreme shoes for women arepredicted for the coming season. Inprice, let us hope.A great many people who, formerlyheld: positions art now glad tetssssssssssssssssssssS i , .....mruBOURBON LUMBER CO.(Incorporated)Fourteenth and Main StreetsPARIS, KENTUCKYBoth Phones 122SB ir. -fj . rt U 55 " ,-7V:v.-i (""?'' iK.V'&"J..rs-.1svVX1 Ji"A v-J-r TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 121.TBI BOUMON IfEWl, PAE1S, KSNTUCS1' tDECORATIOH BAT. 1921 ( IMIM M I II I III! M 1 1 1 1 1 II Ml Ml 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 IlilTiliriw!CALL OKMitchell & SonSEAL ESTATE AGENTSHo. 9 Wett Sixth StreetParis, E.First Boor Wett of Farmers andTrains BurWe HaTe What Ton Want In TheSeal Estate Line(31-tf)PAINTUPGET OUJt PRICES ONPaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.Ttw Bmt Geeds at theBest Prices.See Us fteftrt You Buy.VARDEM 8 SONDruggists Both Phonest SIDE UMES DC THE SCHOOI3The public schools of almost everycity in the State are bankrupt forwant of funds to keep up with thegirls, and some of the school districts are following the customs ofthe larger cities. A blind man canalmost see the cause.There have been so many side linesintroduced into the city schools thatthe old reliable studies of reading,writing, spelling, arithmetic andgrammar have almost been lost sightof. It requires more money to support these side lines, such as domesticscience, sewing, expression ofthought and action, singing, music,delsarte, calesthenics, and higherthought, basket ball, lawn tennis,foot ball, and many other athleticsports, than it does the school proper.It would be much better for themothers to teach the girls these sidelines in the home, and it would helplift a load from the mother's shoulders. The idea in the city is to getrid of the responsibility of teachingthe children in their homes, so theparents can attend the movies withregularity. Did you ever attend oneof these big schools in the big cityand hear a conversation pertainingto studies it is always some athletic sport,instead of the studies. Achild who has been taught these sidelines in the home never turns oat tobe a "mechanical" man or woman,and when they marry you rarelyever find them in the divoree courts.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Conines amd Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.m howsFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTATGRADUATIONANDCOMMENCEMENTJUG AMD SKELETOH FOUND" A drummer, representing a Cincinnati .wholesale paper house, wasa business visitor in Augusta andtold a remarkable tale. The drummerhad made a trip to Peebles, Ohio,and while he was there a banker inthe town received a telephone message from his son, telling him tocome to a certain old brick house.This old brick dwelling, erected in1820, was used in the early days asa relay station where horses werechanged when the great bulk of thetraveling was done by stage coachwas being torn down, and a numberof boys were digging around in thecellar of the building. One of theboys came to a flat rock, only ashort distance from the top of theground. After considerable effortthe youngsters turned the rock over,and underneath this rock was a complete skeleton of a man, exceptingthat the skull was missing. Ofcourse, this find started more digging, and under an old fireplace anold-fashioned jug was found, with acorn cob stopper. The jug wasopened and its contents gave fortha most pleasing aroma. In fact, itcontained the finest whisky thedrummer ever sampled. The oldestinhabitant around Peebles have norecollection of the disappearance ofany resident of that section.Corsage Boiqoeisa SpecialtyASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineMjS. P. MOHNEY?ChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISin inimiiiHIII arR yCOALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson Seed 1 Mills. I willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burnsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $800FwrnaceCoal 55-50Steam Coal $5.50Heating Stove Coal $5.50W.JHOWARDMiter aid Skipper of CoalEast ttrnsttft and rarls, Ky.HtPhntl4SBeware! Unless you see the name"Bayer" on package or on tablets youare not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicians for twenty-oneyears and proved safe by millions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes, of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)oMILTON WINS M0T0E EACE ATINDIANAPOLISTommy Milton, driving an American car, won the 500-mile automohile race at Indianapolis, Monday.Boscoe Sarlies finished second,-ur. tv. i mi toe "behind Milton.The victory gave Milton 20'J2Jfor first place and more than S8,000is other prizes.The time was five hours, 34 minutes and 44.65 seconds, an averageof S9.66 miles per hour, a new trackrecord for cars of not more than 183cubic inches piston desplacement.o 'INGROWN TOE NAIL TTJBHS OUTITSELFA noted authority says that a fewdrops of "Outgro" upon the skinsurrounding the ingrowing nail reiom inflamation and pain and sotoughens the tender, sensitive skintoughens the tender, sensitive skinunderneath the toe nail that it cannot penetrate the flesh, and the nailnaturally turns outwara aijmosi overnight."Outgro" is a harmless, antiseptic manufactured for chiropodists.However, anyone can buy from thedrug store a tiny bottle containingdirections.(adv-T-alt)c-President Zachary Taylor.achary Taylor is one of the leastknown of our presidents, tie ueiu wfice only 16 months, but in that timeha displayed such courage and strengthof character as to endear himself tth people. He came to the office practically unknown and unknowing. Hlavictories In the Mexican war hadmade him famous, but be was notknown to the politicians, nor did haknow any of them. He had bee called"Old Bough and Beady," but ha waanot such a blustering, uncouth man asptopla had thoughtMrs. Wm. H. Harris, of Lexington, was a guest of Paris friends Saturday. Miss Julia Nash, of Paris, is visiting the families of J. Porter Smithand C. E. Wood, in Georgetown.Richmond Register: "Mr. andMrs. H. E. Tatam, Silvercreek, werewith Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Sims, Paris,for a brief visit the past week."M. E. McCurdy, of Paris, attended the annual convention "of theKentucky Central Life InsuranceCo., held last week in Winchester.W. S. Robinson, of Winchester,formerly of Paris, attended thefuneral and burial in this city Friday of his cousin, Mrs., E. B. January.Misses Sara Louise Bedford anaCharlotte Henry, of Paris, wereguests of friends the past week atRucker Hall, at Georgetown College.Winchester, Sun?. "Miss Augusta Rogers has returned to her homein Paris, after a visit to Mrs. FannieBean at her home on West Hickmanstreet "Mrs. John F. Leslie, of Huntington, West Va., and daughter, Mra.Ernest Hosier, of Lexington, wereguests of Paris relatives Sunday andyesterday.Miss Lucy Arnold, of Covington,and Miss Stenger, of Cincinnati, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott and family, at their home onDuncan avenue.Fred Frendberg, formerly of thelocal L. & N. civil engineering force,now stationed at Ravanna, spentonrriav and Sundav in Paris asguests of friends.Finneu isstes, oi wasmngiuu,D. C, has arrived for a two-weeks'visit, and to attend the Alumni. ofthe Paris High School. This is nisfirst visit home in five years.Miss Virginia Dundon has returned from Miami University, at Oxford, O., to spend the summer vacation with her father, Judge DennisDundon, and family, on Houstonavenue.The Junior Class of Transylvania College, entertained beautifullyFriday evening on the College Campus, in honor of the Seniors. Thefeature of the entertainment was aHindu play in three acts, entitled,"The Moon God Beam," written byMiss Elizabeth Clarke, of Paris, amember of the class.Mr. and Mrs. William . uiarKeand children, and Mrs. Kate Clarkeand daughter, Miss Julia Clarke, ofParis, left Sunday morning for amotor trip to Denver, Colorado.They will be guests there of Mai.oin-hn-nA Tn ninvke. who is stationed there in the U. S. service.Among those from out-of-townwho attended the funeral and burialof Mrs. E. B. January, in this city,Friday morning, were R. G. Elliott,J. R. Smith, Mrs. J. R. Smith, Mrs.S L. Myers, Miss. Mary Harrison,Mrs. Judie Wilder, Mrs. Jessie Rippetoe, Mrs. Duvall, Lexington; Chas.Clendenin, Eminence; W. S. Robin-A delightful event of Fridaywas the dance given in the ball-roomof the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington,for those attending the Spring Ceremonial of Oleika Temple, Shriners.The following Paris people attended:Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Boardman, MissSue Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. Fredw "Link. Mrs. F. J. Hufnagel, Mrs.Thomas A. McDonald, Mrs. M. L.Foreman, Mrs. Uarl Lucas, Ben b.Parker(Other Parsonals on Pass 6)T.HRf MVlTlflav irron TtonnimMnn Tknbut we here in Paris hardly realizedth significance of the day. Membersof Bourbon Post American Legion,decorated graves of their fallen comrades in different parts of the county,and the American flag was displayedat a few patriotic places, otherwise,there wne Tin nHeamrn-Hrvn rvf -Una HairIt was a holiday except or those ofuo wuo nave to earn our oreaa Dyworking on days when othersN aretaking a vacation. iIt was a day of holy memories, oftime-dulled grief in some, homes, aday for the reopening of a recentW01irtrl 1rt ntliora Tn lilanilora l!4a1dsleeps some of the young men whosememories were recalled tenderlyMonday. In Federal cemeteries allover the United States, others sleep.Some rest beneath the sod of Cubaand some nn thfl nlains of the West.where the daring Custer fought hisbattles with the Indians.But, wherever they are, for whatever cause they fought, we gatheronce a vear to honor their memories.And it matters little to us nowwhether they wore the blue andmarched with Grant and Sherman, or Jwere of the gray-ciaa nosts or ieeand Jackson. North and South, Mon- Jday, children scattered flowers overthe graves of the soldiers of the Union and the Confederacy impartially.Did not the sons of the South at iSantiago, and in the Philippines, atChateau Thierry and in the Argonne,show what stuff the children of theold South are made?"Under the sod and the dew,Waiting the judgment day;Love and tears for the BlueTears and love for the Grey.".There is nothing we can do to showthe real measure of what we owe tothese younger heroes, who enteredthe holacaust of the world war with-I'out thought of self, with a gloriousdevotion to duty and country unparalelled in the history of the world.But in the hearts of all of us theirmemory shall ever be green and thestories of their heroism and sacrificewill be told by many an Americanhearthstone so long as our Republicshall endure.GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay . Nlsrht137 4!TuniiiiMii mimiii m milaMiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiuitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitillilliiiiiiiiiwiiiiittiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliitiiiiiitiittittitiiiiiiiiiititwiitaaci"ll .a -TtiWilliam K. Hagan (ybNARCHITECT. & ENGINEERSPAfci. Ky.F1R..T NATIONAL SANKaiHIHHHIIllllllllHlllllllMHinillMUHIlimRheumatism Or Neuritis,OuchPvub away all pain, stiffness, soreness, backache with MLNT0L. Relieves like magic all aches and pains.Don't suffer, buy a small jar ofMNT0L from your druggist at once.(adv)Become a Saver!Buy a Lexington Utilities Bond and helpthe growth of the Blue Grass Community.Bonds sold at 90 either for cash or on a' monthly payment plan.YIELD 7.6r We pay 6 per cent, interest on all monthlypayments, also refund the nominal Fed- -eralIncome 'tax and the Kentucky State4-mill tax. Ask any employe.Lexington Utilities Company(Incorporated in Kentucky)156 West Main St.Lexington, Ky.fJB:?V'31 V s',rv . v;r Hi a.J J-1 riQy. !? uijA HELLTJVE TIME FOR A HRE.In a town in tbe western part ofthe State some time ago occurred afire at about 2 a. m. In this townlives an old man. The usual noiseincident to a fire in small townsawakened the old man and he rushedinto the 'street and accosted a passerby with the exclamation, "This is ahelluve time o night to have a lire."The ridiculousness of the exclamation struck the passer-by and for along time after the fire was thesource of considerable levity on thepart of the townspeople. But that isnot the point we want to bring out.The point is that a defective flue, atrash or rubbish pile, an improperlyinsulated electric wire, a cigar orcigarette stub, a wooden spit-box, infact none of the usual sources of firesare respecters of hours. They workall the time, but more often theirdemonstrations are at "a helluvetime o night."oFarm Machinery ImperativeWhile It la Impossible to determinetha extent that modern farm implemanta have increased the productionper acre, it is certain that it is onlythrough their use that the large increase in population has been supported and sufficient labor liberated topermit of the present manufacturingand commercial activities in our townsand cities,. and yet provide sufficientfood with which to sustain the race.With the implements in use 60 or 70years ago, no such condition of development as maintained today is thinkable.When the body "be&az toand movement becomes painful it'is usually an indication thct thekidneys are ortaesc organs tfeof ord?r.''.o'V S-f,-jr JjNeepts&zngmGOWME&M'i&tklP3 HW BGThe world's ctandard remedy for kidney,liver, bladder and uric acid troubles.Jfcmoua eince 1595. Take regularly andkeep in good health. In tLrco sizes, alldruggist3. Guaranteed as represented.Look for tho name Gold Mede! on vimtf boxand accept ao icutetiQBWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents 2No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumbtrland Phone 71 PARIS, KENTUCKYDR. W. J. KIFFVETERINARIANSuccessor to Dr. WatsonOffice InB0UBB0N GAEAGfE, PABIS, KY.,(nor-19-tf) Both Phones 347.5MConcerning Baldness.A majority of men who have amounted to anything have gone bald. To gobald before amounting to anything isthe lot of millions. Among those millions are many who feel that the firstkingdom of the world would be compensation for loss of hair, even if theperquisites of a king did not Includean allowance for a court wigmaker.Even without a crown as a consolation,there la a certain solace in not havlagto wonder whether your scalpiock 'ftstanding perpendicularly when the occasion calls for eolemnlty. -Exchange.oIf there is anything in a man,travel will bring it out particularlyocean travel.o : "Will incompatibility of politicsnow he included among grounds fordivorce? Boston Transcript.BMGHTER-EVENING??icl? I lRiJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DamevSiran her clothBy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does pass 'Her home was litBy flickering Gas.Bit the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electrio Light.Paris Ga$& Electric Co.4 (IncoTOoraM)Mccormick and deeringBINDERSAre the Best Made The Best are theCheapest.QalaBSaaMiHaaaH. "" l. If1. uV If -A 1'aatw SHJSaaLa a -MaSaSaWaaaaiBJ3slI3K9aWL-FBjBSHaSvGenuineMccormickANDDEERINGBINDER TWINEIS THE BEST MADE. TAKENO SUBSTITUTEWe are exclusive agents in Bourbon countyfor McCormick and Deering Binders. We harethem in stock. Also PLENTY OF GENUINEREPAIRS. Take no substitute, for there is nonethat is "just as good."Allof Farm ImplementsAt the Right PricesC. $ Ball GarageFourth and Meosaot Mrctts.1V"5- T--"' J ' ft' " - V 'i- VJ J. .--V'fm wB JKHJMOW NBWS, MSB, MfTOCKTTUESDAY', JUNE 7, 1121.UNTIL WEDNESDAY ONLYREDUCTIONi -iSUITSSILK DRESSESPLAID SKIRTSTHE LEADERVTW.fPARIS, KENTUCKY?i33PCOATS33J-.TALTJE OF XIHERAL LAHDS INi OPENING OP LATONIA RACES..KENTUCKYMineral rights owned in fee simple and under lease in Kentucky totalled 3,172,172 acres when 'theassessment for taxes payable in 1921were made by the county assessor.Tallied at. $14,949,264, according tofigures compiled at the office of theState Board of Tax Commissioners.3ESTICE CREAM IN TOWNTAKE SOME HOMEWe are selling the famous DixieIce Cream. It is made in the heartof the Bluegrass and contains more"butter fat than any sold in town.It is simply delicious take someIhome. Dixie cones are the best on-the market, 5 cents each.(31-4t) GRANT OWSLEY.BROOMSOMReal High Class Broomson sale this week only$1.40 Office or WarehouseBroom95c '$1.30 Medium Weight HouseBroom' 85c$1.25 Light Weight- HouseBroom75cBe sure and buy one ofthese broomsLogan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179Twenty-five thousand persons attended the opening day's racing atthe Latonia track Saturday, underclear skies and with cool 'breeze.-?:The track was dry and fast, notwithstanding the heavy rain of Fridaynight.Sands of Pleasure won the Inaugural, with" Woodtrap second andRangoon third. Time, 1:45; distance, one and one-sixteenth miles.This race was worth $6,095 to thewinner.In the Clipsetta Stakes, Fair Phantom was first, Miss Joy second, andDream of Allah third. Time 59 4-5seconds. Distance five furlongs.The Inaugural and the Clipsetta,the principal events of the day, werenot married by withdrawals, onlfBusy Signal and Sway being scattered in the former event.The Clipsetta Stake paid the winner $6,575.Only one favorite won, that beingthe Jones entry, in the ClipsettaStake. All the other winners paidliberal prices.THE NEWHOWABD STOBE ATCABUSLE(Carlisle Mercury)Two stores in Carlisle have opened under new management. TheHow:ard' Hardware Company, composed of William, Howard, ofRinchmond, Ky., and Logan Howard, of Paris, assumed charge ofthe building of Mr. Harry King onWest Main street. The name forthe firm has not been definitely settled, but in all probability it willcontinue under the name of thelj Howard Hardware Company.The new firm will equip theirstore with an entirely new stock ofgoods. The present firm of the Howard Hardware Company doing business in the building will move theirstock to the Walden building. Thestore will be in charge of Mr. Wm.Howard, Sr.f of Richmond. . Mr.j Howard is a hardware man of lifeI long experience. For over 31 years.' he was salesman for the Internationalj Harvester Company, and brings to1 the store a complete knowledge ofthe hardware business. Mr. LoganHoward, well-known Paris merchant,will also be connected with the store. 'WOOL!WE ARE IN THE MARKET FOEWOOL. HAVE PLENTY OF NEWSACKS AND TWINE.(22apl-tf) CEAS. S. BRENT & BRO.SENT TO CHILDREN'S HOMEThe Nicholas County Court aD-I propriated money to be used forj paying the expenses of transportation or tne six children of ZoraSosby to the Kentucky Children'sHome at Louisville. Several daysago an order was made in the CountyCourt surrendering the children tothe Home. The next day the fatherof the children agreed to care forj them, and moved to Paris. Latertne county autnoruies or or BourbonI County notified the Nicholas countyauthorities that the children werein Paris in destitute circumstancesand asked that some action be takenin the matter. The Bourbon authorities were authorized to takethe children to the Home, which wasdone.A DISTINGUISHED SOLDIERThe importance of the interviewwith Col. H. C. Whitehead, whichappeared in Friday's issue of THENEWS, prompts some notations abouttheColonel himself.An officer of wide and varied experience, Colonel Whitehead hasspecialized on ,the subjects of cavalry remounts, and the care of themarching soldier's feet; and he wasfor two years before the last warthe accredited representative of theUnited States Government, attached"to the German Staff, in order thatour army might profit by the investigations of so eminent an authorityon these two lines of research.It is perhaps not generally knowneven to Kentuckians that ColonelWhitehead's office in Lexington isthe .headquarters, or main office, ofthe United States Army Recount Association. The significance of thischoice of location is apparent. Kentucky, the home of the thoroughbred, is the logical headquarters ofa national organization devoted tothe improvement of the country'ssupply of horses by means of the introduction of the potent thoroughbred strain.JOHN SHTJPF TO LECTURE HEREJUNE 14.Word was received late- yesterdayafternoon that John M. Snuff, of Cincinnati, one of the foremost lecturers on community subjects in theMiddle West, had consented, to makean address in Paris on the eveningof Tuesday, June 14. Mr. Snuffwho is manager of the Union CentralLife Insurance Co., of Cincinnati,was procured through the efforts ofDr. M. H. Dailey, president of thelocal Community Service organization, and Miss Kate Alexander, localmanager of the insurance company.Mr. Snuff has a large acquaintancein Bourbon county, having been bornhere and having resided here forsome years. He is at the head ofseveral charitable organizations atCincinnati, and gives a large partof his time to promoting communityinterests throughout Ohio, Kentuckyand other States. He will have a!message of particular interest to the 'people of this city and county, and !playgrounds deveiof ment contemplated here. In addition to the addressof Mr. Snuff, an interesting programwill be arranged, Including musical"numbers. Details as to place of.meeting and other arrangements wiirbe announced later.JUNE COURT DAY.. " -Yesterday was probably the tamestand most uninteresting "Court DayParis has had since the inaugurationof that time-honored institution.There was only a small crowd in thecity, and little livestock on the market, a few mules and horses eoistituting the bulk of the offerings. Merchants reported business slow andcollections slower. Farmers are sobusy that they did not take the timeto quit their work to come to townfor "Court Day." Candidates for- thevarious offices were busy interviewing the few voters who ventured within their reach. By three o'clock thecrowd had entirely vanished, leavingony a. few stragglers on the "square.""AUTOIST PROTESTS TOO MUCH!OIL ON STREETS.Y. M. C. A. NOTESParis, Ky., June 6.Ed. THE NEWS:In some towns of Kentucky theyhave tried to make a law againstsuch excessive oiling of streets, whereit stands in puddles, such as on thestreets of Paris, where hundreds ofautomobiles have to travel daily.Besides being ruinous to tires andpaint of autos, it causes dangerousskidding. I have no objection toretarding the dust, but if this taroil was spread on in a more moderateform and a light coat of sand spreadover the top it would serve the purpose just as well, or even better, an.l jwithout so much strife to traffic andpedestrians., AN AUTOIST.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance.THOMAS; WOODFORD & BRYANThe following swimming schedulehas been adopted for the summer atthe Y. M. C. A., effective yesterday:Younger boys, ten to thirteen,Monday and Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,and Saturday, 10:00 a. m. ; midgets,fourteen to sixteen, Monday, Wednesday and Friday, 4:00 p. m.; business and professional men, Monday,Wednesday and Friday, 5:00 p. m. ;employed boys, daily, 7:30 p. . m.,except Tuesday and Thursday;young men, daily, 8:00 p. m., exceptTuesday and Thursday; girls, Tuesday and Friday, 10": 00 a. m.; women,Tuesday and Thursday, 7:30 p. m.Much interest is being shown inswimming at the Association thisseason, as the swimming committeeis planning several exhibitions andcontests in addition to the regularinstruction classes. A special awardis made to those who learn to swim.Last summer 'a large number of boysand girls learned.ANTIQUE EVENT OF EXTRAORDINARY IMPORTANCETHE ENTIRE COLLECTION OF THE UWELL-KNOWN ANTIQUARIAN,W. EDWIN RUSSELL, lTo Be Disposed of By "PUBLIC AUCTIONThursday and Friday. June 9 and 10,BEGINNING VERY PROMPTLY EACH DAY AT 10:00 O'CLOCK656 South Fourth Avenue. Louisville, Ky.The collection comprises Sideboards, Decorated Tilt-top Tables, BayBeds, Inlaid Half-moon Tables, Lamps, Four Sets of Mahogany Diningroom Chairs (6 to the set), Thirty Lyre and Fiddle-back Chairs, largeassortment of European Hand Embrbroideries, Tapestries and Velvets,Old Colored Engravings, Brass and and Sheffield Candlesticks, LargeArmchairs, Pole Screens, Sewing Tables, Paintings, Carved Poster Beds,Black Marble-top Mahogany Tables, Fine Old Mahogany Rocking Chairs,Empire and Colonial Sofas, Ottomans, Night Tables, China Vases, LargeVariety of Bohemian Glass, a comprehensive assortment of Gold and Mahogany Mirrors, Twenty Sheraton and Hepplewhite Chests of Drawers,Secretaries, Folding Leaf Tables and many other representative specimens of interest to Connoisseurs and Collectors.A MAJORITY OF THE ABOVE PIECES HAVE BEEN RESTORED. THE'OTHERS WILL BE SOLD IN THE ROUGH.After this event Mr. Russell will maintain a New York Gallarywith a branch in Louisville.ON VIEW TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7 AND 8.The Sale Arranged and Conducted by MR. ROBERT P. CATE.MENS AND YOUNG MEN'S SUITSAt 201o Reduction!Sale Now Going OnEnds Saturday, June 18thMen's and Young Men's Suits at 20co Reduction! This is good news for the man and young man who wants to buy clothesat prices much lower than their regular worth. We want to reduce our clothing stocks, and we are disregarding profits in offeringthese remarkable values. You'll find clothing from Hart Schaffner & Marx, Kirschbaum and other well known concerns in thissale in all the latest style creations splendid fabrics in latest patterns and colorings. Come in to-day and select your suit fromthese remarkable values. , n$ 1 8.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$20.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to '.$22.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$25.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$27.5Q Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$30.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$32.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$35.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$14.40$16.00$18.00$20.00$22.00$24.00$26.00$28.00$37;50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$4-0.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to,$42.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to. $4500 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$47,50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$50.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$52.50 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$55.00 Men's and Young Men's Suits cut to$30.00$32.00$34.00$36.00$38.00$40.00$42.00$44.00Big Reductions in Men's and Young Men's Felt Hatsam',??$--r. n?&Everything CashNothing on ApprovalHOME PHONE 448CUMB. PHONE 806ONE PRICE STOREMain and Seventh Sts.PARIS, KENTUCKY- HI WHp&fAv'iB.'.t vol KaKM lpCLOTHES g.flK VK'lPGRIFFONi::twf TUESDAY, JUNE .7, 1S21.THE BOURlCm N1WS, AM KKNTOOtiIZ&Arf:JS m Pvu&vrtskJJewelers :-: Paris. Ky.Never Too Busy to PleasePAPERS WANTEDTHE NEWS is in need of severalcopies of 4he issue of Priday, June 3,to complete our files. Anyone having copies of this issue will confer afavor by sending or mail them tothis office. We thank you!JUNE TERM CIRCUIT COURTThe June term of Bourbon CircuitCourt will begin a two week's sessionon Monday, June 20, with CircuitJudge Robert Lee Stout presiding.Friday, June 10, will be the last dayon which suits.may.be filed for hearng at the June term.o' GOOD TOBACCO PROSPECTSip,nm ronnHs from all over tnert,intv there will a bumper cropSOCIAL ASD PERSONAL.oftobacco raised this year. While a goodportion of the weed has been set out,farmers had been waiting for rainiefore they could prepare theirground. The recent heavy rainscame in good time to help growersof the weed.t BUYS BOURBON CATTTJEW. G. Blackburn, of Georgetown,recently purchased of Oscar M. Johnson, of Millersburg, four ScotchShorthorn heifers, to use as a foundation herd of purebred cattle. Healso purchased a fine young bull f roihCharles B. Gager, of Paris: These arethe first purchased cattle Mr. Blackburn has owned, and his selectionsfor a foundation are the very bestthat can be found in these two Kentucky herds.oFOR GRADUATIONNEW SHORT MODELS, "EVERSHARP PENCIIS," $1.00 AND UP.(17-tf) SHIRE & PTTHIAN.P. H. S. ALUMNI BANCtUETThe annual reunion and banquet ofihe Paris High School Alumni Asso"iation will be held in, the Y. M. C.A. building on next Thursday night,June 9. From the number of acceptances already received indicationspoint to the presence of a large number of "aluminers." The principaladdress will be made by Robert J.Breckinridge, of Lexington.at her home in honor of her guest,jMiss Daisy Gates, of Danville. Thehours were from 7:30 to 10:30o'clock.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. E. Simmsana daughter, Miss Elizabeth Simms,have returned from Bryan Mawr College, in Pennsylvania, where the latter graduated.Miss Emma Jacobv of Pari w lulBt w- 1UW Ui winrMrrVS' eiS?8' street, who was operated on at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Saturday nigKt by Dr. Barrow,in a seriouscondition.Miss Louise Collins, of Paris, attended the dance given by Miss ElizaHughes, in Nicholasville, Fridaynight, in- honor of the members ofComings .and Goings of DurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Lyda Victor, of Cynthiana,ns a guest of Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.Miss Emvisiting Mrs. Francis Smith , inPaintsville.Charles P. Mann, of the Paris TV y m- DyReaitv p.n Q o JJit K..5 of Lexington, continuesw,.f uuu , AC11I, uuoiucaatrip to Frankfort.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, attended the funeral and burial of Mrs.J. K. Bodkin, in Shelbyville, Friday.uwen W. McClure, of Memphis,the Nicholasville High School seniorTenti in viam-nc i,i . ine JNicnoiasviue Jtiign scnooi semurand Mrs P i Mo SU tJ cla8S Allowing presentation of theana Mrs. jj. McClure, near Paris. , 'EqmpreWa'' At th RphoolMr. and Mrs. Victor Corbin and pIay 2?!!La' -J?6 8P S?ison, of Butler, are visiting Edwin T t a ' aJ rThomnnn . fmiv M8,ioTfS apohs, Ind., daughter of AttorneyJohn S. Smith, 'formerly of Paris, isvisiting relatives in Bourbon andThomason and family, near this city!Miss Bertha Tabor, of Paris, attended the commencement exercisesof the Winchester High School, Friday.Mrs. Mary R. Moore, of Win-Scott counties. Miss Smith, whahas been spending the winter inBirmingham. Ala., where she wasChester, 'is a guest at the home of ' superlB5, JS ?3PS22?Mrs. J. W. Lee and family, in this - nTJEi ZXZZcity.where she will take special coursesBASEBALL,NATIONAL GAMETHEMrs. Harry Myers and daugh- in French-ter, of Covington, are visiting her 'parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Bentley, NOTES FROMnear Fans.Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Fithian !InJ111!? 0VSd lnt arTt: A large crowd at the Second streetSf?h WrJt Q S fla8' n West. park Sunday afternoon saw the Parisii - ,,-, Ruggles team win from the MammothMiss Agnes Collins, of Helena, ?"fSrim of t pvintrton in a hotlyMason county, is a guest of Mrs. ?emS SSre S 8 to 2Denis Dundon, at her home on Hous- StttoSiSSSS everVch of theton avenue. struggle, which see-sawed until ParisaraS jver 'the winning run in the lastternational Livestock Show in Chi-, f d was an ideal one for theCaSCLS nee , ., Uame, being warm and bright, withMrs. D. N. Manning, of Enid, f t ; breeze to make the dayOkla., is a guest of her sister, Mrs. i" en1ovable one The principalDavid T. Wilson, at their home on atTthe game were the pitchHouston avenue. , t li noi nnnnor neitherHarvey Hibler, formerly of isJsueda pass to first, and thehome run by Mann, of the Jfaristeam, which won the game for Parisin the nnai nair oi me muiu iumus.PALL IN EVERYBODYHoles and craters are being filledin our streets. BOURBON NEWS.Rah! And again, rah! Bravo!Vive la Paris! Carlisle Mercury.Holes to the right of them, holesto the left of them, holes in front of4hem, right into the heart of themcharged the brave brigade, and withshovels right neatly have these shellcraters been filled in. Warren FisherThree base hits were made by Berryman and Brewsaugh, of the Paristeam.Batteries--Lexington: Cooper anaBrown; Paris: Caproni and Berryman, v-oNot only the national credit, butthe national credulity, is abounding.Columbus Record.J.Paris, now residing in Midway, wasa recent guest of friends and relatives in this city.James M. Russell will leave tomorrow for a vacation trip to Washington, D. C, and Atlantic seaportpoints of interest.Miss Sue Bascom, of Milfcrs-burg, has gone to Mt. Sterling tospend the summer with her aunt,Mrs. R. G. Owings.Nicholas Connell, of the firm ofJanuary & Connell, who has been illfor several days at his home on Mainstreet,, is improving. ,Misses Sallie Mae Banta andElton Rice attended the commencement exercises at the Midway Orphan School last week.Miss Rebecca Purnell will leaveto-night for a visit to friends andlelatives in Louisville, and at St..uauflews,;n jenerson couniy. Wp nrp authorized to announceMiss Louise McCoy, of Mt. Ver- j ERNEST L MARTIN as a candidatenon, was a visitor in Paris, Satur- for p0iice Judge of the City ofday. Miss McCoy has for some time paris Kentucky, subject to the acbeen deputy Circuit Clerk at Hazard. Uon 'of the Democratic primary, toMis. J. W. Moore, of Hagertown, I htx ,olH nn A1imist . 1921.Maryland, and Miss Ruth Green, of jGreenville, Ky., are guests of Mr. andMrs. W. K. Griffin, on Cypress street.E. B. Sayres, of Covington, wasa recent business visitor in Paris,coming in the interest of the LickingValley & Bluegrass Highway move-IANNOUNCEMENTS. ' jFOR POLICE JUDGEijbe held on August 6, 1921.can now flivver out South Main in ment.ease and comfort! Lon Tribble, who has been serl-o ously ill for several weeks at hisWE GUARANTEEQuality," Quantity, Variety andService, atTHE A. J. WINTERS CO.0TO THE PEOPLE OF PARISEvery man and woman in Pariscan make advertising a profitablebusiness associate. Reading the advertisements in THE BOURBONNEWS is "the best way to keep intouch with the lowest prices, the bestqualities, and the newest commodities that stores are offering andapartments over the Farmers andTraders' Yank, was reported lastnight as being considerably improved. Mrs W. L. Davis, who is a guestof her sister, Mrs. Jno. T. Hinton, onHigh street, sustained painful injuries as the result of a fall. She "wasnot seriously injured.Miss Edna Snapp, of Paris, president of the Y. W. C. A. of KentuckyUniversity, has gone to Blue Ridge,North Carolina, to attend the Y. W.C. A. Conference in session there.Edwin Myall, son of Mr. andMrs. William Myall, of Paris, is apatient at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital,-manufacturers are nuttinsr out foryour benefit. In this issue of THE , Rochester, Minn., where he is unKEWS may be found several large dergoing a special course of treat-price-reduction sales which it willbe to your advantage to read.o3TRE CHIEE SOUNDS WARNING-.Earl McCracken, Chief of the?aris Fire Department, requests allpersons using coal oil or gasolinestoves to exercise proper caution inhandling them, so as to avoid dangerirom fires by explosion. A few daysago ten houses in Claysville, coloredsuburb of Paris, were destroyed bySre, which originated through theexplosion of a gasoline stove.Friday afternoon the fire department was called to Lylesville, anothercolored suburb, where the explosionof a coal oil stove set fire to a cottage occupied by John R. Mitchell,a colored man. The damage wasslight." -GRADUATION AND WEDDINGGIFTSThe month of June brings thegraduation or wedding of one'sfriends. If that friend is yours, comeIn and rpp. onr line of silverware,cigarette and cafd cases, bagsnovelties. We are anxious tothat you are pleased.THE A. J. WINTERS COandseoO0NFEDERATE MEMORIAL EXER-CISES.Simple but impressive ceremoniesFriday afternoon at tiie Paris Cemeterv marked the annual observanceof Confederate Memorial Day by theRichard Hawes Chapter, Daughtersof Confederacy, and members otJohn H. Morgan Camp, U. C. v., 01Paris. The day was also the birtnday anniversary of Jefferson Davis,president of the Confederacy.Lieut Lot D. Young, of Paris, wasthe principal speaker of the occasion,his address being one of rare oratorical excellence. The roll call forthe vear followed, showing five Confederates had passed over the-GreatDivide during the year. Graves ofConfederate soldiers were decoratedwith flairs and flowers. "Taps' wereToundef by Wm. M. Talbott. andechoed by a bugler from another partofthe grounds5 The exercise wereconducted at the Confederate monument.ment.Clarence K. Thomas and sister,Mrs. Calla Thomas Nichols, have returned from Detroit, Mich., makingthe trip in a handsome Buick Coupe,recently purchased of the C. S. BallGarage, Paris.A "June Dance" will be givenat the Masonic Temple in this city,on the night of Friday, June 10,promoted by Vail Baldwin and JimMcClintock. The hours will be from9:00 p. m. to 3:00 a. m.Forrest Wikoff, fourteen-year-oldson of Auctioneer George Wikoff,who was operated on recently for appendicitis by Dr. Stockenger, at theMassie Memorial Hospital, was reported yesterday as getting alongvery nicely-Mrs. Polk Lafoon, of Covington,her brother, Harding Woodall, ofj Patterson, New Jersey, and Miss Eli-zadetn Marshall, or Covington, havereturned 'to their homes -after a visitto friends and relatives in Paris.The Garden Club will .hold theirnext regular weekly meeting withMrs. Hiram Roseberry, at her country home near Paris, to-morrow,(Wednesday) afternoon at threeo'clock. There will be no telephoning. Exhibitions will be held for any! flowers brought! Prizes will beawarded for best flower, best bunchof flowers, and the best arrangementof flowers. Bring flowers arrangedin daisies.Thomas A. Hayes, of Denver,Colo., was a guest several days recently of his sister, Mrs. RichardGregory, near Paris. Mr. Hayes isone of the old-timers who attendedthe old Paris City School, and waswarmly greeted here by his formerschoolmates and old friends.. Mr. E. E. Boston, of Columbus,Ind.,-and Mr. Berry Boston, ofWashington, Ind., returned to theirhomes after a week's visit with Mr.and Mrs. William Sparks, in Bourbon county. Miss JCathryn Bostonand two nephews, Edward SparksBoston and Monford Boston, whowe're in the same part motoringfrom Indianawill remain two weekslonger in Kentucky.Miss Louise Patterson entertained a lawn party Friday evening-(Other Personals on Page 3)1A black leather hand bag, Mrs. B.D. Bosworth cards in holder. Anyone finding same will please notifyTHOS. H. BIGGERSTAFF,(7-2t) Mt. Sterling, Ky.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,a black morocco hand bag containing ladies wearing apparel. Thename of Mrs. B. D.SBosworth on tagattached to handle.Suitable reward for return to THENEWS office. (7-2t)WantedTo buy used furniture. Highestprice paid for furniture or anythingof value. Call Cumb. Phone 660.BOURBON FURNITURE CO.,210 Main Street7june-tf)High SchoolWeek.This specialevent demandsthat youlook yourbestclothes andfurnishingsthat fillthat requirementare hereA Blue SergeCoat and WhiteFlannel Trousersare 'speciallyappropriate.mraarright it Would Get HereAND IT IS! That's why we bought all the Simmer Suits, Straw Hats, Cool Underwear, Silk Shirts,etc., for you men so you could beat the heat. .Palm Beach: MohairTropical.WorstedSuits$10.00 and upIIAjw9 .If it comesfrom Davisit is ridhtrhMr.euMtVBLOCH SU1rs&Straw Hats, All Kinds$2.85 and upShirtswith or without collars95c and upUnion Suitscool as the evening breezes75c, 85c, $1.00, $1.50KWhite Oxfords, Palm Beach Oxfordr, and in fact everything to keep yourpersonal temperature just right. We'll look for you.LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentL619 Main Street"tracle at Home" DCall Our Store "Horhc"mwnwii ,i( iwi VlWwwVWC'M. mAutomatic Refrigerators!We have just received this great refrigerator andare now ready to deliver them. Come in and . getyours at once.AUTOIY1ATICj 1 0 6 i "" I . 1 j v5 k I v If t vyK&SsjrapsASHf IB,FRIGRATOR.SWe have handled the Automatic Refrigerator for yearsand never have we had a SINGLE DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER !This is the greatest food preserver and ice saver madeand is the only refrigerator made with the water bottle onthe front of the refrigerator. Come in and let us explainto you this wonderful refrigerator.the j.t: HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE336 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingr5KJ-' " ,1- --' ,A ' V" t , - J.L, ;' '" '.tt .'i . -, --. - J, " .' v '' " ' .-" - : ' '. v - . ,, v v , 'V., v" C" "-- m . ,' jvTO BOURBON JtarlW AetB, EfMTUCKYHJBJDAX, JUKB 7, liM. . 7't'-AI30U1BOH HOBSES IH SARATOGACPVTW AT.TThe sales of the thoroughbredyearlings from the great stock farmsof New York, New Jersey, Maryland,Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee andCalifornia, the proprietors of whichbreed for the public market, will bean appeaing features of the SaratogaAugust session of racing this season.The great producers who harebeen assigned dates for sales by theFaaig-Tipton Company are EdwardF. Simms, Miss Elizabeth DangerHeld, Chas. H. Berryman, the Balgowan Stud, Williams & Radford,White & Garnett, Henry T. Oxnard;William Woodward, Kenneth D. Alexander, John H. Morris, SenatorJohnson N. Camden, Capt. Philip M.Walker, the Himyar Stud, Arthur B.Hancock, A. K. Macomber, Charltoni Clay, W. W. Darden, Hal PriceHeadley, William B. -Miller, WillisSharpe Kilmer, etc. Other producerswill arrange for dates between thisand August 1.Mr. Simms, importer of the $250,000 Prince Palatine and the ?100,000 Negofol, will offer the produceof his newly organized Xalapa Stud,now one of the most considerablethoroughbred nurseries of Kentucky'sfabled Blue Grass country. Mr. Hancock was the breeder at Ellerslie andClaiborne, the former Virginia's oldest thoroughbred nursery, the lattera comparatively new sstablishmentnear Paris, of Bazes, winner lastseason of the Maryland Handicap andthe Laurel Stakes and this year otthe Excelsior Handicap; also of Careful, winner of the Pilmico Oaks, BillyMcLaughlin, Knobbie, Constancy,Cleopatra, winner of the sencond Latonia championship, Dunboyne, winner of the Futurity of a couple ofseasons back.Great Secret.A business concern in Boston hastfcls pungent maxim prominently displayed in its front window: "A completed transaction is an asset; unfin-. fcfaed business is a liability." A modrn efficiency expert could write a, fO.OOO-word book on that text, andteen really not say much more. Theworld Is full of 'starters" who neverfet anywhere. The big Idea is techoose only worth while objectivesand then finish what you start Albert Sidney Gregg.Yes it canbe dyedorcleanedThat last yet salt tdross can bt mad toapsar Kka . Sandit parcal post to-day. .Swiss Cleaners & Dyersaaaatast. LeeaevWe. Ky.ELT7ssspKp99Bsssa&VB&?e)felasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssHassssssssarThoroughbred HorsesAmmal Summer Meeting 2dLATONIAIDsssjisisaat to Cmckmafi)June 4th to July 9thStakes:111CtKCTTI HUBSetwfey. Jee 4tkUTsNUKBYSxfrsnUj, Jhm litweuufwrnur11ULatoniaISMM STUBT. Juoe 18tkSeftwfey, June 2Stk'LATUM A tUlatarfer. MrMITI TMrlYxt. Mr 2JJsttrtMCJKE iMMUPSeliiay. JefraiiiWOMEW HELP JTJim THEO-JAju JWVOTxaiX nviuAt a luncheon given by Mrs.Dousrlas Robinson, sister of TheodoreRoosevelt, to a large number of prominent club women, it was determined to make a concentrated effort byclub women to assist the Woman'sRoosevelt Memorial Association, of1 East 57 th street, to complete atonce the restoration of RooseveltHouse, the birthplace of TheodoreRoosevelt.Said Mrs. Thomas G. Winter,President of the National Federation of Women's Clubs, comprisingover two million women, "I commend this movement to the GeneralFederation and hope that each of itsmembers will join the Woman'sRoosevelt Memorial Association.Millions of American women shouldbe glad to contribute each a little tokeep as a memorial of their eminentfriend the birtfcplaoe of TheodoreRoosevelt."i The corner-stone, of RooseveltHouse was laid in January last byMajor General Leonard Wood. Thestructure itself will .incorporatemuch of the material of the oldRoosevelt mansion, which is now tobe accurately reproduced. Whenfinished, it will contain the bedstead,in which Theodore Roosevelt wasborn, together with other of the original furnishings, now in possessionof the Roosevelt family. About $150,000 additional is needed for -thework of reconstruction.oCalling In Caire.BssflTismrgi who de not knew Cairotake houses in reseeta anaparts of the city. In1gypt as We Knew If Mis. B. L.asttaer b warinfiy describes how hardI Is to find a person who has thusfsae astray. Her hatband, she says,ftvtta te a doctor for the address ofKsoe friends whom she knew he hadKttended. Here is the'' doctor's annrer: The M s live in a houseirithont a number in a street withoutI name next door to an Armenianbotcher who, I think, has no sign, westotf Abdin palace I The staircase hastighry-seven steps.English TItlee of Nobility.The rank of earl was introduced into England at the time of the Conquest and succeeded the Saxon earldom. It continued the highest rankIn England until Edward HE createddukes in 1337 and Richard H createdmarquesses in 1385, both being superior to earls.Safeguarding the Miner.To protect the miner against hisancient enemy, inflammable gas a mining engineer has improved the stand?ard type of miner's lamp. He has added a device which causes the lamp toemit a loud singing note as soon asthe atmosphere becomes charged withInflammable gas.0-No Room for the IncompetentMuch of the work done in this worldhas to be mndone. Incompetency isthe greatest drawback to progress. Incompetents are the most costly members of society, and always will be.That's why there Is always a premlasien brains and skill, which combine ftproduce efficiency. Bxrtings.oIt didn't take experience long to locate the honest 7man, now to passthe endorsement to the next man.The unusually high classof the horses on the ground,the excellence of the programbook and improved accommodations for patrons combine to insure the Success ofxhc meeting at the popular.Course,i -- Those who visit Latoniathis month will enjoy thefinest sport in its history.Kentucky Jockey CfadbIncorporatedLatonia, Ky., Course -COBBLER CLOSETO COOLIDGETown Shoe Repairer, "Friend,PftMofopher and Guide" ofVice President.HOPS TO SHAPE HIS CAREERFrtenashif) Begun In Callegs DaysCsfttinusaliraiflt .Early atmsatea atii Subssqusitt Promt.asaas la pafHIataNorthampton Ham. Jaxasa liucey,Mender f shoes, is pegging away inMs shop here with one ej a theaswapaaen tor word of how the natisaal capital treats Calvin Ooolidge,his one-time associate in local politics,sad now rice president.Whan Vice President Coolidf e, justbefora departing for Washinfton recently, (rasped the cobbler's hand asthe photographers snapped their cameras, ho gave him a distinction thatha was asked to explain. "Put Mr.Lucey down as my guide, philosopherand friend," he said. And so thecobbler is now nationally known.What the vice president meant wasmore or less well known to Northamp.ton folk. The story goes back to thedays when Calvin Ooolidge was a sophomore at Amherst college. With shoesto be repaired he sought Lucey's shopon Gothic street in this city, and thenremained to listen to the cobbler'shomely comments on the topics of theday.Helped to Shape Career.The student found the shoemaker'!philosophy so- engaging that during theremainder of his college course' hewent frequently to see him. As alawyer later young Ooolidge openedoffices here, and while he waited forclients, continued his acquaintancewith the cobbler. Throughout his career in the politics of the city andstate, Mr. Ooolidge dropped in at theshoe shop from time to time to ex-,change ideas with his friend and haveilie benefit of the latter's pointed political observations-. 'The youthful Ooolidge took awaylessons from the cobbler counsellor;Ooolidge, the candidate, received thebenefit of' his influence, which wasconsiderable in city politics, and whenhe rose to a position of state andnational prominence he. still receivedthe loyal support of the shoe man.Mr. 'Lucey, modestly explaining thatMr. Ooolidge long since passed outof his range of influence, admits thathe may have been of some help whenthe vice president was on the firstrungs of the political ladder.Cement Closer Friendship.The cobbler says that the only timehe ever crossed Calvin Ooolidge seemedto make firmer the friendship betweenthem. Mr. Ooolidge had sought theelection of a friend as mayor, andasked Mr. Lucey as a delegate to theparty caucus to stand in his behalf,but the cobbler, already bound to theopposing candidate, refused. Thisevidenaa of loyalty to a prior allegiance served to heighten their mutual respect. The shoemaker, a native of Ireland,came to Northampton forty years agoat the age of twelve. A family ofeight children, seven of whom are nowliving, has made demands on his earning ability. Five are girls, one is astenographer, two are teachers, afourth, who was formerly a teacher,is now married and one is a clerk. Ofthe two boys one is a graduate ofHoly Cross college, and the other is astudent in the Northampton Commercial college.9,211,295 AUTOS IN COUNTRYLicense Fees In 1920 Totaled $10sV034,106, Reports Federal Bu.reau of Public Roads.Washington. Motor cars registeredin the United States last year numbered 9,211,295, an increase of 1,645,849 over the preceding year of 22 percent, the bureau of public roads announced. The registration and license feesamounted to $102,084,106.In New York state alone the numberof cars registered in 1920 exceeded thetotal registration for the United Statesin 1910, and the revenue derived Inthat state from this source was aboutequal to the entire registration revenues of the United States in 1918.Ninety-six per cent of the 1920 revenue was applied to road maintenanceor construction.Alice Has a Pheasant.Tiffin, O. A pheasant duplicatingthe historic stunt of Mary's lamb isattracting attention here. Each daya pheasant makes its appearance eastof Melmore and meets Alice Grummel,ten years of age. After a few fluttersto express its joy at the meeting, thebird gravely walks with her to school.Sometimes the pheasant flies part ofthe way and agai will perch on itslittle friend's shoulder and ride. Thepheasant first appeared three weeksago and, under encouragement of afew crumbs, 1ms repeated the walkeach day.Ex-Admtral Sixty-Eight, Cobbler's Aid.Vienna. With former officers of thearmy and navy as pupils, a shoemakIng school has been opened here.Among the students is a former viceadmiral, sixty-eight years old, who isenrolled as i cobbler's, apprentice sadcarries his union card.Goodrich Tiie PricesreducedTheThei&SiHad No Rlsrfita at All.Pan! and Anthony own a wagon tnpartnership. Sometimes Paula little more authority than is pitlag to Anthony. On one of these occasions Anthony sought ale sootheana, after failing kaa troaWea, addadl"Mother, Peal treats ate Ms t) stasisters treated OndereJW,WOMEN! BUY NO DYE BUT"DIAMOND DYES"Unless you ass: for "DiamondDyes" you may get a poor dye thatstreaks, spots, fades and ruins yourgoods. Every package of DiamondDyes contains simple directions forhome dyeing or -tinting any new,rich, fadeless color into garments ordraperies of any material. No mistakes! No failures!(adv-tf-T)oHealth In White Cedar.Water pails and other yessels madeof southern white cedar were longheld to have a wholesome effect onthe contents because of supposedmedicinal properties of the wood, saysthe American Forestry Magazine. Itwas even believed that water issuingfrom a white cedar spigot had itfhealthfulness increased.Ellis' Tea RoomThe Home of Good HomeCooked MealsAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65cper meal on week days75cper meal on Sundays,. Meal Tickets(21' MEALS)2 Meals per Day ...... $8.501 Meal per Day s-SS.SORegular Board (3 mealsper day) $800THE ELLIS TEA ROOMOpposite' Court House,SilvertowngseasjMU' .BBBBssaflafl&sBsmAnti-Skid Safety TreadSILVERTOWNpercent3Slast word in Qualitybest word in PriceCORDSSILVERXOWN COKDSSI feeAnti-Skid303$24.5032 3i$32.90324$41.8533x4$43.10324'i$47.30334;$48.40342$49.65335$58.9035 5$61FabricSoeooth303$1100Safcty30313.45Safety303M6jQQTHE BF. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANYCAkroruOmoMAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSWt haw a few MISTO, MAGIC SETS and athar faystefft avtr fram tha haRdays.Let Us Demonstrate the Golden-Throated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.I ' 'T. W.1X9I Bourbong MAIN STREETDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streetnrti BMuajac9raaac J ? iivPiaaaHH r MlBBaaaH isssaaH V J sssssssFaiflBaaaBfl s (S saBr('ivssVH HbssbbbVyB-ssssssWsssssSiSvlPFPVaaV P63 sj?Vr ?The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyIXIixaajyaKxasraPatreaize BourbonSafety TreadTUBES2SS$230$3.70HSO4S4&75$555.905.80TiresSafety32-426SMSafety34$2330Safety34a$37J5VACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEixaaixiLaundrySATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all thelatestimprove-merits in laundry applianceand expert helpers we aria Sprepared to do work in-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.i'ANews Advertisers. iJ-Vxi. . - . -f '- '':' -' '. -7rt ''.afck-X. v-'. j. j.mVV. ft V .;,J ."-J j,TUESDAY, JUNE T. 1121.Tltt BOURBON NEWg, PAHS. KMTUan. "' i,r-51WatonTliitftr Fin MlwmlfcA mdir In Dorset, Vt, writs tbtthmtwttMlakf. HtmitiaforMbt cu not explain watt pewarit ta point downward waea hela anatng erer water. Not oaljr canhi lecate water, but by pUda a availpUet f lead la the eo or! the ettckIn la able te find lead waea valorfl fround, once locatinf a aaried Ufator a farmer. Ha caa alee lacata coaaw Montreal Herald.,ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announce-HENRY S. CAYWOOD. of NorthMiidletown, as a candidate for theoffice of State Senator frojn theTwentr-eiskth Senatorial District,comprising- the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at thapolls.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAMES H. THOMPSON, of Paris, asa candidate for re-election as Sepgeoatatlve from Bourbon County intha Lower House of the KentuckyXajWature, subject to the action offct voters of the county at the primary election, August , 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMS M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in theJLower House of the Kentucky Legislature, subject to the-action of theTotara of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 6,1921.FOR SHRIFT.I hereby announce myself aa acandidate for tha Democratic lonlaatitm for SherUt of BourbonCeuaty at the Primary Electien inAugust, 1S21. When alactedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your aupport and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR COUNTY CLERKWa are authorized tc announcePEARCE PATON as a candidate forClerk of tha Bourbon County Court,subject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 1921.Wa are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announce-JAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters attha primary election, August 6,1S21. He respectfully solicits yourenpport and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar t respectfullysolicits the support of the votersIn his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jailer of BourfrM county, subject to the action ofzbm Totem in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announce3EN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectio the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticparty.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANKIE SIDEfrJER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support.FOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN, of Paris, as a candidatefor Police Judge of the City of Paris,subject to the action of the votersin the primary election on August, 1921.We are authorized to announceTHEODORE P. NIX, of Paris, as acandidate for Police Judge of theCKy of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters at the primary, electiea on August C, 1121.We are authorized to announceROBERT S. PORTER, of Paris, aacandidate for Police Juice of theCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters in the primary electie on Auffawt f, 111. - . . .MANY INDUSTRIESTIED TO TOBACCOProhibition of Weed Would MeanBig Financial Lou toAllied TradM.WHO OSES THE MATCH?The Smoker Mainly At ReaponalbleUr Spantflnf Mandraaa of MllllanaAnnually far LiMrtia, tuffMCealt Clear aWnaa, ThiFell, Kt.By GARRET SMITH"Got a matchrHaw many times a day la thattion asked In these United fttatea?How many mora timea la the queetioannneceaaary because most pockets arekept well supplied with the usefullittle article? Anyhow, inasmuch as itis estimated that there are 80,000,000tobacco user In the country, we wouldguess that the answer to that questionwould run Into the hundreds of millions. . For if It weren't for the smokers inthese days of electric lights how manymatches would be used? A prettysmall proportion ef the number ofthese "sticks of Maxes' produced inthe country every year. Abolish tobacco and the match boslntM would beshot to pieces.But the match business Is only oneof a dozen or more allied industrieswhich derive large revenues directly orindirectly from the tobacco trade andwould suffer heavily if national prohibltion of tebacco were to go intoeffect as some of our reformers wouldhave it. The annual sales of tobaccoproducts, based on retail prices, is estimated at $1,937,000,000. ' Of the costof producing and selling this quantityof cigars, cigarettes and other formsof the weed, some hundreds of milliondollars are paid out for other thingsthan the raw tobacco and labor ofmaking it up.$25,000,000 a Year for BoxesFor example, the tobacco trade consumes each year 45,000,000 pounds oflicorice, 50,000,000 pounds of sugar,both used in flavoring tobacco, and650,000 tons of coal. It is estimated.that the value of wooden cigar boxesused is $25,000,000 a year, quite anitem to the lumber business and tomanufacturers of the boxes.In making these boxes 550,000pounds of nails are employed.. Otherlarge items used in making and preparing tobacco for sale are tin andlead foil, paper for bags and cigarettewrappers, cloth for tobacco bags, labels, coupons, etc., involving the printing trade extensively.Then buildirig contractors and manufacturers of machinery are largely interested. Investments In plants andmachinery employed in manufacturing tobacco are estimated at $102,000,000. Replacement, up-keep and interest on the investment make no smallsum annually.And let realty men note there areapproximately 325,000 tobacco farmsin the country, with a total estimatedvaluation of $160,000,000. Of further interest to real estate men is the factthat there are-700,000 retail establishments selling tobacco, involving a totalrental and up-keep impossible to estimate, besides the large amount of office space occupied by administrativebranches of thegeneral business.The Insurance men, too, have theirshare of the pickings. The tobaccobusiness pays out annually $7,000,000in premiums in the United States.And there are the railroads who reaprevenue from 2,210,000 tons of tobaccoproducts every year.As for the advertising business,here again It is impossible to formany estimate of the enormous annualoutlay.The prohibition of tobacco would alsoknock a good-sized hole in the receiptsof the United States governmentThe internal revenue receipts fromtobacco for the fiscal year 1920 amounted to $295,809,355.44. Customs dutiesprovided an additional- $25,000,000 inround figures, making the total revenuereturn to the government $320,000,000.Influence on Popular SentimentIt is this interlocking of the tobaccobusiness with so many other interestsand the vast amount of financial lossthat would be involved in the abolitionof tobacco that is one of the most serious aspects of the proposal to prohibit the sale of tobacco, a proposal,however, which has little . support bypublic sentiment if the newspaper editors of the country are correct in theirestimate of that sentiment.In a poll of the editors made recentlyby the Tobacco Merchants' Associationof the United States, through the PressService Company of New York City,95 per cent of the 7,847 editors whoreplied expressed the opinion that thepeople of their communities were opposed to any law against tobacco. Asthese editors represent some 80,000,000readers the results form a pretty general test of national opinion.In their remarks accompanying theirreplies many of the editors . expressedit as their opinion that the oppositionof their communities to the abolitionof tobacco was based to some extent atleast on the damage such a changewould do to the business Interests ofthe community. This was particularlytrue in the tobacco growing states andcenters where there were large tobaccoplants.But when the extent of the businessinvolved in the allied interests of thetobacco trade is considered, as abovebriefly outlined, it to, clear, that thereIs hardly a section of the country thatwould riot be affected directly or indirectly by abolishing tebacco.POLICEMAN NOW6IVES OUT FACTSSays Tanlac Enabled Him To Pass'Eiaminatiom With Bating A-lAnd He How Eeels Great'"I never paid out money to betteradvantage in my life than when Igot Tanlac, for it has restored myhealth and built me up fifteenpounds in weight besides' saidFrank J. Hebbler, patrolman on theCovington, Ky police force and living at 513 Bakewell street."For a long time past," he continued, "I had not been in the bestof health, and last spring I startedall of a sudden to. going down hilLWhat I ate didn't seem to do me abit of good. After meals I bloatedup so tight with gas I could hardlystand the pressure of my belt aroundmy waist. I was on night duty, andmy legs hurt so it was difficut for meto get around in patrolling my beat."My nerve went all to pieces andI usually went home all tired out andnever got any sleep just dozed byfits and starts and got up feelingworse than if I hadn't gone to bed atall."But Tanlac has just knocked outall these troubles and got me tofeeling like a new man. Since taking it I can enjoy my food and it doesme good. I sleep like a log and amin tip-top condition in every way. Irecently underwent the regular reexamination for the police force andpassed physically with a rating ofA-l, which I never could have donein the shape I was in before I tookTanlac.""Rare" Ban's Epitaph.Not enly la Ben Jonson's epitaph inthe Abbey, 0 rare Ben Jonson," oneof the simplest ever composed, but itis said to have cost no more thaneighteenpence. The stone over hisresting-place was originally quitebare, and an' admirer of the dramatist,as a personal tribute, paid a masonIs. 6d. (36 cents) to cut the four wordson the stone. The author of this simple epitaph was probably Sir WilliamDavenant, who succeeded Jonson asPoet Laureate, and was also burledin Poet's Corner, with a similar Inscription on his tombstone, "O rareSir William Davenant."Early-Day Peddler.An important merchant of centuriesago was the man who did your buyingfor you. In those days there wereno mail-order, houses nor was theresuch a thing as running into town todo your shopping. So there 'wasevolved a professional shopper whoBade it his business to buy what youMded. He was known as a packere,pakkere, or pake-man, and from thesewords tfco modern names resemblingtfatm aave sprang.CORNSLift Off with FingersDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for.a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard com, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe c.i Tuses, without soreness or irritation, aa?),oTimepiece Gave Good Service.Timepieces, which reached high efficiency early in the machinery era andare subject only to slow wear, shouldrank as the most enduring of workingmechanisms. A, clock over the gateway of an English castle is reportedto have stopped, and investigation hasbrought to light an inscription Knowingthat' the last repairing was done in1760. At last worn out, the massiveworks have ticked off the time for 160ars with, no attention except winfag.Boards In History.Pliny, wt are informed, observesthat Scipio Afrlcanus was the manwho introduced the fashion of thedaily shave, and the Russians worebeards until Ozar Peter enjoined themall to shave,, bnt he was obliged tokeep on foot' a number of officers tocat off, by violence, the beards ofsen as wemld mot otherwise partwith them."Query: JDoes equal rights for women include the right to stay awayfrom the primaries the way men do?Columbus Dispatch.sQfrisnsffahojiiPresent lines of new Buick six-cylindermodels will be carried thru the 1922season.Beginning June 1st the new series andprices will be as follows, f . o. b. factories,Flint, Michigan. . -Old PricesModel 22-44 Three Passenger Roadster, $1795Model 22-45 Five Passenger Touring, - $1795Model 22-46 Three Passenger Coupe, - $2585Model 22-47 Five Passenger Sedan, - - $2895Model 22-48 Four Passenger Coupe, - $2985Model 22-49 Seven Passenger Touring, $2065Model 22-50 Seven Passenger Sedan, - $3295BUICK MOTOR COMPANY, FLINT, MICH.Pioneer Builders xi Valve-in-Head Motor Carsj Branche in all Principal Cities Dealers EveryiBhtrC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant StreetsWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMQUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing Habit.No-To-Bac has helped thousands tobreak the costly, nerve-shattering tobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a smoke or chew, justplace a harmless No-To-Bac tabletin your mouth instead. All desirestops. Shortly the habit is completely broken, and you are better offmentally, physically, financially. It'sso easy, so simple. Get a box of No-To-Bacand if it doesn't release youfrom all craving for tobacco in anyform, your druggist will refund yourmoney without question. (adv)Curiosity and Study.Cariosity Is a passion very favorableto the love of study, and. a passion verysusceptible of increase by cultivation.Sound travels so many feet a second,and light travels so many feet In a second. Nothing more probable ; but youdo not care how light and sound travel.Very likely; but make yourself care;get up, shake yourself well, pretend tocare; make believe to care, and verysoon you will care. I am sure that aman ought to read as he would graspa nettle ; do it lightly and you are molested ; grasp it with all your strengthand you feel none of its asperities.Hall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are in a "run down" condiAA will notice that Catarrh botherstnem much more than when they are inrood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyInfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney ft Co., Toledo, Ohio.DENVER MINISTER EDITS ISSUEOF DAILY PAPER.From his pulpit, the Rev. W. H.Wray Boyle, Denver, Col., announced that he thought the average newspaper entirely too lurid. A Denverpaper immediately took up the challenge. What would he do with, adaily paper, the editor demanded.The pastor was invited to get out aday's issue and he did. All sensational news, including the Stillmantrial, the Stokes divorce case andsimilar news was eliminated and, intheir places appeared a lengthy editorial on the "ideas of an editor;"a series of opinions on the jury system; a few telegraph dispatches regarding European -and Washingtonaffairs 'and diversified items. Theexperiment created widespread "interest. .BUICK'During thegrowingme7-Wade byPoshmiChCbmpany)buBaMkCrtekfMkkMllllllllllllllHome Telephone Subscribers ! ;Have Free Communication with the ;Following Towns and VillagesMillersburg. Headquarters, Hooktown, Black's Cross ! TRoads, Shawhan, Ruddles Mills, Kiserton, Centerville, ! VJacksonville, Clinton ville, Avon, Wyandott. Austerlitz, jEscondida, Little Rock. Cane Ridge, Plum, Bunker Hill.within a few weeks.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co. ;IncorporatediiiiiiniMiiiiiniimiMMiiiiiiiiiimiiinftiNews Advertisers Get ResultLMnlV jBBeSsBBSjNw Prim1149541525$2135$2435$2325 :;$1735$2635sx-ccvviKsrsscare mustbe taken to provide. young bodies with proper ;nourishmentGrape Nutswithmilkorcrmmfurnishes just the food ele- ;merits Nature requires for jbuilding health and strength.This wholesome,appetirjqgblend of wheat and maltedbarley builds strong and true;and children love it. 'JIfavorHeJbodjm-allfajamityeI HI HlfJ ': ';'laf "' . Tst.('vx i! &iaaalifc-:i'?. iIUJ, - f.anjJ8 T3':i:1 !h ,.iLI-v !WE' 1. t...-. .K. ?. v v -' -v-Is'TUESDAY. JUN 7, 1121. 'f jl- "ir AGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS,Ar -llrivMILLERSBURGDEATHS.Mrs. Jane Neal is visiting herson, Claude Neal, in. Newport." Mrs. Darnell, of Flemingsburg,is, a guest of her sister, Mrs. S. E.Bruce.Procter Wood and Fred Hillhave returned from Center College,t Danville, for the summer vacation. Closing of the schools has leftMillersburg dull socially, and verylittle of note has transpired on thesocial calendar recently.Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Eetton havereturned to their Tiome -in Atlanta,Gn. after a visit to tlie latter'sMOt&er, Mrs. Jennie Letton, andfamily. . , ,.Mrs. Ellington entertained themembers of the Epworth League ather home near Millersburg. Refreshments followed a business and socialprogram. ."John W. Miller, of Lexington,wfco received his degree at Washington-LeeUniversity, in Lexington,T. last week, completed the college.nn'isp. at the Millersburg MilitaryInstitute, of which Col. C. M. Bestwas principal, and made a fine record. He has many warm friendshere, who are proud of the success& has had in college life.SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCEMARKET REVIEWCream has been marketed in increased quantities the past week.Pastures are inNgood condition, andindications are that first productionis close at hand.Poultry is mojfring from the farmsquite freelv, indicating that the hens"have about "laid themselves out.As a consequence markets are ona lower level. .Egg receipts have shown furtherdecrease, due .to the warm weatherand to the fact that the end of thelaying season is in sight. Too muchcare cannot he given to the marketing of eggs frequently during thewarm weather.oLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERTc 7i nw onen and ready for business a 623 Main street ,next to W.T. Talbotfs store. All kinds of garments cleaned and pressed.We call for and deliver all orders.Gall me over either phone.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.o.ATTEND MEMORIAL EXERCISESA large delegfrvior. from BourbonCouncil, Junior Order United American Mechanics from Paris went toLexington Sunday afternoon to participate in the annual memorial exercises of the order. Three hundredmembers of the order marched to theLexington Cemetery where a patrioticaddress appropriate to the occasion--roo AnKwrpil "hv Rev. Gordon B.Crawford, pastor of the Felix Memorial Baptist church and a programof exercises was observed.. o-Time was when Germany was notthe country of the easy mark.Wall Street Journal.SHANKS.The body of Luther ClydeShanks, world-war victim, was shipned from Hoboken. New Jersey, Sunday and arrived in Louisville lastnight. The body, accompaniedby a U. S. Army repersentative,will be brought to Paris probablyto-night, according to UndertaakerGeorge R. Davis, of Paris, who received a telegram yesterday morningfrom the U. S. Graves RegistrationBureau at Hoboken, stating the bodyhad been shipped.The funeral will be held at three(o'clock Sunday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. u. . ureer,pastor of the Paris Methodist church.The committal exercises at the gravewill be under auspices of BourbonPost, American Legion, which willpay full military honors.l m THFJXTRpw 1II MJ M ! ." mi "B V 'iM VIA tmmKtmaKtm mm VB mm mmmm1ANDIGRAND2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30DOTY.McKee Doty, aged thirty-eight,a former resident of Paris, died inct T?.ii7ahoth'3 TTnsnital. in Covington, Saturday night, after an illnessof but a few hours, due 'to an attac&of heart trouble. Mr. Doty had beena resident of Covington about fourteen years.He was a son of William and Callie Current Doty, both pioneer residents of Paris. Several years agohe was married to Miss Maude Clark,of Paris, a niece of W. J. Huffman,former Parisian, now also a residentof Covington, woh survives him.Mr. Doty is survived by three brothers, John James and Edward Doty,of Paris, and four sisters, Mrs. Jas.McNamara, Sr., Mrs. Henry Shout,of Paris, Mrs. Henry Boiling, of Millersburg, and Mrs. James Gilmore, ofCovington. .The body was brought to Paris,Sunday night and taken to the homeof Mr. and Mrs. James McNamara,on Pleasant street. The funeralcortege left at 3:00 o'clock yesterday afternoon for Millersburg,where the interment took place inthe Millersburg Cemetery at fouro'clock with services conducted byRev. W. J. Slater, pastor of theChristian church. The pall-bearerswere Jas. McNamara, Russell Doty,Bryant Doty, Raymond Boiling andElmer Doty and John A. McNamara.TODAY, TUESDAY''BODY AND SOUL"The Screen Version of WilliamHulbut's playWITHALICE LAKE.FEATURED IN THE LEADINGROLEA drama of the Latin Quarter of Pariswhere anything may happen and everything does.Tomorrow, WednesdayINA CLAIREIN"POLLY WITH APAST"Shows that home-wrecking is a pleas'ure.It's the biggest Belasco success translated to the screen.Thursday, June 9thDorothy GishIN"Little MissRebellion"Whirls of excitement, a riot of laughsand the funniest girl on the screen.A PARAMOUNT ARTCRAFT PICTUREAlsoAlso RUTH ROLANDin "The Avenging Arrow"And Pathe NewsParamount - Sennett Comedy"FICKLE FANCY"and "Topics of the Day"JtLSOJUANITA HANSENin "The Phantom Foe"WITH WARNER OLANDAnd Pathe NewsADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY ltc PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cGEE!BUT IT IS HOTPurchase One OurBathingSuitsaid take a swim andkeep coolTOBINFollowing an illness extendingover a period of several years, during which she had been confined toher bed, Mrs. Mary Tobin, agedeightv-eisht. died at hen home onSecond street, Friday night. Mrs.Tobin had been an invalid for overten years, being confined to her bedfor seven years, though tenderlycared for by her daughters, Mrs.John Shine and Miss Rosa Tobin.Mrs. Tobin was a native of Ireland, coming to America wben shewas quite young. She was the widowof John Tobin. who for many yearsconducted a nursery and orchardbusiness on the "Winchester pike.near Paris.Besides her two daughters, Mrs.John Shine and Miss Rosa Tobin,both of Paris, she is survived by oneson, Thomas Tobin, of Bourboncounty.The funeral was held yesterdaymorning at nine o'clock at "theChurch of the Annunciation witnservices conducted by Rev. FatherWilliam O'Hafe. The interment followed on the family lot in the Catholic Cemetery. The pallbearerswere Dr. F. P. Campbell, MurrayHiggins, Ed. Burke, J. W. Payne, Ed.IT. Gorey and Dr. A. H. Keller.-MATKIMONIAL.'$1.00 TO $6.00PALM BEACHSUITSFor Men and YoungMen; in plain and fancycolors$15 and $18Straws$2.50 to $5Price & Co.. . Clothiersami FurnishersThe following announcementshave been issued:"Mr. and Mrs. Lewellyn CantriUannounce the marriage of theirdaughter, Marion, to Mr. ShelbyMoores, on May 25th, 1921, Jeffersonville, Indiana."LODGE NOTESAt the recent meeting of RathboneLodge No. 12, K. of P., the followingofficers were elected to serv& duringthe ensuing term:Chancellor Commander T. E.Harp.Vice-Chancellor J. W. McCord.Prelate Walter Blythe.Master-at-Work John K. Cahal.Master-at-Arms James Docken-brodt.Master of Exchequer Geo. M.Turner.Keeper of Records and Seal Wm.M. Goodloe. 'Inner Guard Ollie Patterson.More than 400 nobles and novices took part in the parade of OleikaTemple, A. A. O. N. M. S., at 1:30o'clock Friday afternoon from theBroadway Christian church to theWoodland Auditorium, Lexington,were 125 candidates of the deserttrail to Mecca in the annual springShriners' ceremonial. Six candidatesfrom Paris were among the number.The parade was headed by theuniform drum corps ana Hie ArauPatrol, which was followed by thecandidates, all marching in doublefile. Noblemen of the temple, onf in trunks and in passengercars', brought up the rear of the paAll the novices assembled at theMasonic Temple on North Broadwayat 10 o'clock in the morning torregistration, where at 11:30 o'clockthey were joined oy tne uuuics uthe order. The entire party wbir,uthe Broadway Christian church atnoon, where dinner was served inthe basement by the ladies of thechurch. An orchestra furnished music during the luncheon.Officers for the ensuing year wereelected at the Central Kentucky district meeting of the Rebekah lodges,which was held at the Masonic Temple, in Lexington, Thursday nightA large delegation from the lodgesat Richmond, Paris, Georgetown, Mt.Sterling, Wilmore and Cynihiana,.oor, nt the meeting. Theofficers elected are: Mrs. Minnie S.Duvall, president, Lexington; A,Reed Juett, vice-president, Richmond-Mrs. Mae 'Smith, secretary.Lexington, and Mrs. Ida Snyder,treasurer, Pans.BIRTHS.In Paris, . to the wife of Howard Hamilton, a daughter, christened Nora Dean Hamilton. ' 'To the wife of Luther Hall, inthis city, a son, Luther Hall, Jr.Mrs. Hall was formerly Miss OllieDennison, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas E. Moore,Jr., of Hazard, are receiving con-graiuiaLiuns on me Dirtn oi a aaugnter at the Harrison Memorial Hospital, in Cynthiana, Friday night.Mrs. Moore was formerly Miss AnnaMay Addams, daughter of Mr. andMrs. William Addams, of Cynthiana. Mr. Moore was formerly ofParis, where he was a prominentmember of the Bourbon county bar.RELIGIOUS.WOOL WANTEDWE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL. CALL AND GET SACKS.K, B .HUTCHCRAFT & CO.The Young Women's MissionaryCircle of the Christian church willmeet this (Tuesday) afternoon atthree o'clock in the church parlors.Rev. Kellums will speak. The socialhour will be in charge of Mrs. TomKiser's group. All members of the"Circle are urged to make a specialeffort to be present at this last meeting of the missionary yar and tobring new members.Dr. L. R. Scarborough, of Waco,Texas, noted evangelical speaker andaleader in the Baptist drive for $75,000,000 was the principal speakerSunday afternoon at 4 o'clock at theservice attendant upon laying thecorner stone for the $40,000 churchto be erected by the Ashland Avenue Baptist church congregation atthe corner of North Ashland andiFranklin aveifues, in Lexington.I Other speakers were Rev. J. W. Porter, pastor . of the First Baptistchurch, Lexington, and Rev. ArthurVox, pastor of the Baptist church ofiParis.Friday the first Young People's!Conference ever held by the Southern,Presbyterian church within theSynod of Kentucky, will be held atKentucky College for Women, Danville, June 10 to 16, 1921. At thi3time, one hundred and fifty Presbyterian young people between the;ages of 16 and 24, with their leadersand instructors, will be assembledfor one week of conference, study ant?recreation.One afternoon will be given overto an automobile trip to Dix river,High Bridge, Shakertown, Harrodsburg and other places of historicaland scenic interest nearby. One entire evening will be set apart as"stunt night."The Board of Managers for theevent are: The Rev. T. S. Smylie,of Paris, chairman; Mrs. I. D. Bestsecretary; Dr. W. H. Hopper, treasurer; Mr. T. B. Talbott, the Rev.W. A. Hopkins, the Rev. S. J. Venable, Mrs. H. L. Cockerham.oThere is just as much folly in settine a date for quitting a harmful.useless thing as there was in beginning it.The following handsomely-engravedinvitations have been issued:"Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collinsrequest the-honor of your presenceat the marriage of their daughter ,Sarah Mildred ""'t toMr. Stanley Smith Dicksonon Thursday, the sixteenth of JuneNineteen hundred and twenty-oneat eight o'clockChristian Church,North Middletown, Ky."SPECIAL OFFERINGSSummer Footwear in All the New Styles atI mmSmmmm.mt I mmmlmm'm U M mTAmm&riivcs kUffvai iii ivai9IAgain this popular shoe store offers thisnext week the most wanted summer stylesin footwear for the entire family at pricesthat will save you one-third of your shoemoney.See These Wonderful Values on Sale;t.SAUNDERS JUDYThe following invitations havebeen issued:"Mr. and Mrs. M. C. 'Saunders request the honor of your presence atthe marriage of their daughter, MaryMona, to Mr. Howard Current Judy,on Wednesday, June fifteenth, onethousand nine hundred and twenty-one at eight o'clock, Eight Hundred.Main Street, East, Lexington, Kentucky." Both the bride-elect and prospective grobm are former residents ofMillersburg, and are well-known inParis. Several delightful social functions have been given in their'honorrecently.NIXON HALL.Fithian Hall, a former residentof Bourbon county, who has been residing on his farm near Blancaster,Ohio, for the past four" years, wasmarried on June 1, at Wilmington,Ohio, to Mrs. Cora Nixon, of Blanchester, to whom he had been engaged for some time. Mr. and Mrs.Hall, after a short wedding trip, returned to Blanchester, and will maketheir home on the groom's farm.Mr. Hall was one of the bestknown young farmers in Bourboncounty, and is the son of John' Hall,who resided in the Kiserton vicinityfor many years. His bride is a handsome and charming young woman.I THE NEWS extends- congratulationsjj&nd best wishes to .Mr. HaHand'hisJ I fair bride. . .HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSt . .Construction work on the liewhome of Mr. and Mrs. Lucien aiu-. T(7nnt SDVPH SI.1CCI,. -jessing nicely." The home willbe ready for occupancy about Augu-.t1SThe Paris Realty Co., recentlysold to Leslie Rogers and others theViolett property, located on SJ.Clair street, in Frankfort for $10,000 Mr. Mann was in FrankfortFriday executing the deeds and othernecessary legal papers for the trans-SaKos. F. Brannonfnrmerlv of Paris, have purchased thetwo story brick residence of the lateFred Sauer, on Forrest avenue, inSnlton, for ?8,00. The .propertyrsons of Fred " Sauer. Th.IS family were also also formerSnrof Paris where Uiey conducted a grocery before movina oLexington.THE TOBACCO CROP.Hot dry weather recently expert"FSF CofUnt?ehpa?antscouraged the read of wild;and prevented he sprwflre. according to eU igrowers. PlaAfc leaves, whichhave produced n- free r0 mhave grown out an t 0fthe disease jdo g reat553: Eveneth6ugh the plan? ap;pear disease-free in tuc -ld:lUnarrv the disease;". tothtec-..' .ii -wrtirk RT.H.LO J, " - " . Iauthoring,, js - -- lower leaves,Ladies' White Canvas StrapPumps and English Lace Oxfords. $3.00 values. On sale at$1.99Ladies' Newest Summer Styles in Brown andBlack Kid Strap Pumps and Lace Oxfordswith brogue dasign. 'Rubber heels. Valuesto $6.00. On sale at .$3.99Ladies' $5.00 English Kid Lace Oxfords$2.99Ladies' High Grade Beautiful Style Suedesin black and brown, satin straps'. BrownKid. A wonderful selection. $7.00 and$8.00 values. On sale at$4.95 - $5.95Men's $7.00 Rich Shade Tan Shoes and Oxfords. Rubber heels. On sale at$4.95Men's Brogue Oxfords in Tan Russia Calf.Rubber heels. $8.00 values. On sale at$5.95Men's, Boys' and Youths' Elk Scout Shoes,$3.00 values. On sale at$1.99Children's Play Oxfords, in tan leather, lacestyles. Sizes 6 to 11. On sale at$1.69Children's Gun Metal Strap Slippers, sizes8 to 11. On sale at$1.99' Special For Graduation and CommencementWhite -Slippers and PumpsDAN COHENII iiMMwdParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign'' v.r j