r- ..HV"St.!f .T t-Sf, tw." ,frPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1921IWunl I rJ Drl Ki IkilTiAfO -;&A H M. BBk K Bk. BBh k Mk .Bk .B .BBBkk. i .-'.niiiinniiii ir- vv -..asBHBW BmW BkB VM BBf'vBWB BB BB " BJ1'BJ'7Br BH , BBJ 1S A.-1 r2"" bv b W- IF V H V HHP W WbT' "b"DEMOCRATS LEADIN REGISTRATIONSave Majority of 897 Over LocalLocal RepublicanHostsREPUBLICANS IN BIQ MUDDLEr iT iii w! , m , - 1,female, did their duty nobly at the"n ? Tf "l r rrry n T4T w mIa a 3 1registration held in this city Tues-day, rolling up the handsome majority of 897, which will be very CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW!nice for the coming election in No-vember. nvoro nrrv tv ttctg ttattt?.late, and automobiles placed at theirdisposal carried large numbers ofvoters to the voting places, who wereunable to make the journey on foot.The enthusiasm was manifest, evenif somewhat subdued, and on allaides the query was heard, "Haveyou registered yet? Better not forget it." "Get out and get 'em"was the order that went out to theworkers of both parties, and theygot 'em, the Democrats seeming tohave the biggest end of the gettin'.Homes were invaded for the negligent and the ones who were unableto make the journey on foot. Nomatter how old or infirm a person,he or she was urged to go to thepolls and register. Motor vehicleswere sent to the homes of old people, who were told "How young youlook for your age," and urged toregister. Faces of the Democraticworkers wore a pleased look long before the polls closed at nine o'clockTuesday night. Their pleasure wasmore evident when the figures showing a large Democratic majoritywere given out. ana witii oroaasmiles they predicted, "We'll get 'em j We hg(e a dandy i0t of homein November." ! , ,. mainnc for mcklineThe registration in Paris resulted 'in a total of 2,967 persons registering, divided as follows: Democrats1,932, Republicans 1,035. Democratic majority, 897. The registration by precincts follows:DemParis No. 1 . . .200Paris No. 2 290Paris No. 3 253Paris No. 4 269Paris No. 5 '..271Paris No. 6 185Paris No. 7 178IParis No. 8 61Paris No. 9 117Paris No. 10 108Rep.3825816560311112261482501.932 1.035Democratic Majority, 897. I regular election. Conferences wereRepublican campaign managers held by the party managers jesterwere greatly surprised to learn that day afternoon in the hope of findingthrough failure to meet one of the ' some way out of the difficulty Dut,requirements of the new elction judging from the looks on their faclaw, that of filing certificates of ' es, it was evident that there was nonomination with the County Clerk ' balm in Gilead for them."We Know HowThe College BoyFTER all,is the keenest critic ofclothes. He knows what'sBHBlwhat in correct fashion and forFall we have selected as ourstyle leader such model as is inGreatest Favor with,the College Men AllOver America -Not only the model they havethe wearing ability that comesonly from pure woolens. Weare ready to show these snappymodels to you before you starton your way back to college;Stetson Hats for FallIn All the New ShadesBoys' School Suits andOdd PantsMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREOutfitters to MenSTETSON HATS NETTLsjrON SHOESBOUBBON COUNTY'S EEPEESEN-TATIVE SPEAKS ATMAYSVMEThe Maysville Bulletin says:"Hon. J. H. Thompson, Representative in the Kentucky Legislature,from Bourbon county, delivered asplendid address to a srood-sized au-j dience in the court house, Mondayafternoon. He paid his respects toEdwin Morrow and his many promises that he has so far -failed to fulfill to the failure of the Republicanparty to enact a single law to relieve the tax-burdened people of theState. He attributes part of the failure to do anything for the relief of7 J J-i " KJ A UAvll)inasmuch as he voted always with,, nrf JBEEN TUBNED OVER TO ME FORUUUaSUTlUXI. YUUH TAXK.S AltJSNOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLES-DEPOSITBANT AND TRUSTCOMPANY.C. K. THOMAS,(Oct 4-tf) Collector,.GLOBE TROTTING BY TRUCK.Four young men who claimed tobe globe trotters, traveling in alight motor truck with an organ inthe rear, were in Paris this week,giving concerts of old time songs,and selling sheet music and songbooks. They were en route to Florida. Their vehicle was adornedwith banners and signs gatheredfrom different parts of the UnitedStates.WATER MELONS FOR PICKLING.icn fiT1Q w n? cmps nndpurposes. Also nne iol oi sinuea emuHeinz's white pickling vinegar.(It) ' C. P. COOK.forty-five days before the election,they will not be able to get thenames of their candidates on theofficial ballot for the Novemberelection. The party managers hadselected practically a full ticket forthe county offices and now theircake is all dough, unless somethinghannens to relieve the situation,. which is hardly probable, as the law' expressly stipulates that all nomination certificates must oe meu wiluthe Clerk forty-five days before theiithe College BoyOUR NEW MODE 14 LINOTYPEA MACHINE ALMOST .HUMANThe BOUBBON NEWS Now Prepared To Handle AlmostAll Kinds of Work,aCOME IN TUESDAY, SEE IT WORKTHE NEWS Is Now a ModemlyEquipped Plant, Being Able toHandle All Kinds of WorkSpeedily, rOur patrons and friends are cordially invited to come in at any timeand have a look at this wonderfulmachine. We will take pleasure inshowing and explaining to you the j keyboard of ninety keys, an auxilvast amount of work that be can ac- I iary keyboard of twenty-eight andcomplishd on this, an almost hu- j gives the operator instant cornman piece of machinery. mand of 568 different characters.With a good deal of satisfaction Besides enabling the operator tothe editor of THE BOURBON ! set various faces and sizes of type,NEWS announces the installation of i our new Linotpye makes it possia new Model 14 Linotype. This me- I ble for him to produce the rules andchanical marvel is specially equip-1 dashes and borders which are usedped with a complement of type faceswhich enables us to serve the largenumber of persons who look to ounpublication for enlightenment andentertainment, and who patronizeour job department.The rapidly increasing circulation of THE BOURBON NEWS, together with our desire to place atthe command of our advertisers andothers the highest grade of typopraphy, induced us to add to ourmechanical equipment a multiple- While for a long time we have remagazine" linotype, for the quick and ceived , the patronage of a host ofaccurate and pleasing presentationof the news of the day, and the production of superior job work.Our new Linotype enables us toset by machine virtually all formsof composition that previously necessitated tedious hand work. Ourplant is now capable of turning outcomposition consisting of correcttype faces in many different sizes,and the change from one size to another is made by a "twist of thewrist." In the flicker of an eyelash the versatile operatorwhose hand is made famousby theCompanyMerganthaler Linotypeas "the hand thatBASE BALLThe Paris Ruggles team will playthe Cynthiana team on the latter'sgrounds Sunday afternoon. Pariswill probably present Camparoniand Carter as their battery, and astrong line-up to support them. W.V. Shaw, of Paris, will umpire thegame. Intense rivalry between theteams should bring out a largecrowd Sunday afternoon to cheer thehome boys on to victory.AUTOMOBILE BUBNEDA new Paige touring car belong-'ing to Fred Grater, of Carlisle, wastotally destroyed by fire near Millersburg, Monday night. Mr. Graeter was driving along in the machinewhen he -discovered it was on fire.The flames gained such headwaythat the car was completely destroyed in a short time. It was supposedthe blaze originated from leakinggasoline. The car was partly insured. Fire, Wild and Lifhtamg Irartmct. THOMAS, WOODFOtD 1R YANHow .OHld ypvLl like totit i Con-w .. (iwSU UU.(1& ,lV-W)k' 1keeps the world informed" on thei versatile machine sets type of eightdifferent faces and sizes.This installation is a testimonialto the prosperity of Paris and vicin-ity. And that the good people of the1 community are duly appreciative ofour efforts to serve them in all de-partments of the printing business,i is manifested by the many compli! ments received from individual patrons since the arrival of our newmachine.The accompanying illustrationwill give our readers some idea ofthe marvelous mechanism of theLinotype, which is a machine onare assembled matrices (or little! brass molds) and . lines of typecast lines such as you are reading.The particular model of machinei which we have just installed car-ries at one time four sets of matrices controlled from a standardin various advertisements in eachissue of our publication When employed in the composing of advertisements, newspaper headings,booklets, catalogues, and variousother kinds of printed matter, ournew Model 14 enables one operatorto set in the same time more typethan ordinarily could be producedby five or six men or women doingthe work by hand and the compo-sition is incomparably betterBubscrbers, advertisers, and print-ing buyers in general, we look forward to the handling of an evengreater volume of business now thatwe are so well qualified to renderthe sort of ocrvice most to be desired It has been our aim to present thenews of the day without fear orfavor, and to reflect fathfully theideals and ambitions of our constituents and we shall continue todevote our talents and resources tothe fulfilling of this aim. And ofgreat help to us in the carrying outi of our purpose will beModel ,14 Linotypeour newCANVASSING P0E FALLTIVAL ,FES-A convass which is now in progress among the merchants of Parisfor the sale of booths for the FallFestival, October 26, 27 and 28,practically assures the success, according to the reports made by Withers Davis, general chairman. Mr.Davis says the business men of thecity are giving their unqualifiedsupport to the project.The executive commitee, composedof Withers IJavis,, M. E. GuBtman,Chas. P. Cook, Chas. A. Webber andJames M. Caldwell, is rapidly completing its preliminary plans. Theentertainment committee, composedof Oscar T. Hinton, D. L.Y. Farleyand Garrett Jefferson is working outa program of entertainment whichwill include band concerts, vaudeville and a pageant.ME. FARMER,YOU WILL NEED SOME TIERRALLS AND TOBACCO STICKS. OURrriER RAILS .ARE EXTRA GOOD,iLONG LEAF. WE HAVE A FEWTOBACCO STICKS ON HAND ANDHAVE MANY MORE LISTED WITHUS BY FARMERS.BOURBON LUMBUt CO.its;5T.5BOURBON FISCAL COURTThe Bourbon Fiscal Court metyesterday, Judge George Battertonpresiding and a full board of magistrates present. After allowing alarge number of claims against thebounty, the Court Heard theTeadingof the Road Commissioner's report,which was accepted and filed. Thesum of $40044 was ordered paid tothe Road Commissioners, for expensus incurred and accounts paid,payable out of the Turnpike Fund.The following physicians wereelected to attend to the pauper practice of the city and county, at thesalary set opposite their names:P.arir7rPr,, A. H. Keller and F. M.Faries, $500, divided; MillersburgDrs. C. B. Smith, H. M. Boxley, J.D. Calhoun and W. G. Dailey, $200,divided; Flat Rock Drs. P. L. McClure and B. F. McClure, $100, divided; North Middletown Drs. L.R. Henry and G. A. Cook,s$150, divided; Clintonville Dr. J. C. Hart,$100; Hutchison Dr. Wm. Kenney,$100; Centerville Dr. Elmer Swetnanv $100; Ruddles Mills Dr.George L. Rankin, $100; County Infirmary Dr. George L. Rankin,$200.Jos. Godman was re-elected Keeper of the County Infirmary for theensuing term, at the same salary.Dr. C. E. Wood was elected Livestock Inspector for the ensuingterm at the same salary as nowfixed. Orderedj that the county purchase one Burroughs adding machine for the Tax Commissioner'soffice. Ordered that the appropriation heretofore made to MaryNichols and Lee Strawder bediscontinued. A set of resolutionswas adopted by the Court on thedeath of John T. Collins, and ordered spread on the minute book ofthe Court and copies mailed to members of the family.FRESH BALTIMORE OYSTERS TO-.DAY AND TO-MORROW.FAT STOCKWE HAVE RECEIVED SOMEVERY FINE OYSTERS DIRECTFROM BALTIMORE FOR TO-DAYAND TO-MORROW'S TRADE. BOTHFRYING AND STEWING SIZES.NICE FAT STOCK. IF YOU WANTANY YOU HAD BETTER PLACEYOUR ORBER EARLY. THEPRICE IS RIGHT AND THEY WILLGO IN A HURRY.PARIS BAKING CO.,I. L. GLASS, PROPRIETOR.CANDY DAYOCTOBER 8TH WtELL BE "CANDYDAY," THE "SWEETEST DAY OFTHE YEAR." SEND ONE OF MISSHOLLADATS CANDY DAY SPECIALS.H-H"I"M 'H"I M''M"I"1"M I f'l I IH41 1 1 1 Ml 14"The Call ofINDIAN BLANKETSyfcBLANKETSFancy Plaid and Solid Colors. Int.All WoolWool and Cotton MixtureAll CottonPRICES RANGE $1.50 to $20,00 EACH ''tfyFRANK & GCXiJLfTHE SYNOD TOCONVENEInteresting Meeting of EelifiMBody At Presbyterian Chnrck rAt 7:30 P.M. - 'BITS OF CHURCH HISTORTThe members of the First Pribyterian Church of Paris, are makirgreat preparations for the entertainment of the Synod of Kentmckyof the Southern Presbyteriaa.Church. The meeting begims Tuesday night, October 11, at 7:3fro'clock, and the sessons will contimue through Thursday night. MrJohn Woodford, from the Board offDeacons. Mrs. S. W. Willis, Pr.dent of the Pastor's Aid, amd Rar.T. S. Smylie, pastor of the church,form the Executive Committee formaking the arrangements.The Synod of Kentucky 4waa organized in 1802. The Presbyterian,churches were among the first to borganized in Kentucky. It seemfrom the Journal of one, R. Hemderson, that a clergyman from tkChurch of England held the first service in the State of Kentucky. TJmder the date of May 28 1778, iathat journal is the notice "DiviService for the first time im Kentucky was performed by the Rer.John Lythe, of the Church of England." The services was held "under the grand old elm" at Booaeeboro. It seems that only hastyprovision had been made for thatservice and that they hoped to makebetter provision with seats andbenches before the next Sunday. Thewriter's observation on the congregation at that time is interesting."To perform divine service in &public manner and that to a set ofscoundrels, who scarcely believed iitGod or fear a devil, if we are tojudge from the looks, words or actions of most of them."The Baptists prouably come next.In 1776 Rev. Wm. Hickman preached at Harrodsburg while on a tourof observation. Several years laterhe returned, and, in 1781, organized a church at Gilbert's Creek, nearLancaster. We find that the Circuitof Kentucky was among five newcircuits, added to the three Conferences of the Methodist church in theyear 1,786. The three conferencesat that time were North Carolina,Maryland and Virginia. The Presbyterians seem to have started about1783. Rev. David Rice emigrated tothe State in that year and gatheredtogether the three congregations ofDanville, Cane Run and the Forks ofthe Dix River. The Presbytery ofTransylvania was organized in 1786.It met for the first time in the court(Continued on Page 4)Cool Weather A-'bvgrMia, adhav;to li4.tdioth-XcXJ MALE (mnm JWR.lOIU-tr CofttrtMaua's tfttcnflrtMS3.14.-UiffT' -- ii.i S ' MS W--)Vwvi-u T-- .T3w.- isf- -VLyi-mwjpjjprPGETWTHK BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, .KENTOCK1yxxday; octobbr 7, ui.2.M-HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS TO OBSERVE COLUMBUS DAYThe two hundred and thirty members of the History Department atParis High School will observe Columbus Day with a parade. Thecelebration will not only honor Columbus as the discoverer of America, but it will also emphasize thepreceding period and will show theeffect of the discovery upon theworld. Two of the features will beelaborately decorated floats and representations of famous historicalcharacters. The parade will startfr;om the school building Wednesday morning, October 12, at 10:30and will .proceed to Main street.11 BUY! EAT!October 8th"Candy Day""The Sweetest Day inthe Year"Send: One off. Miss Hofladay's"Candy Day Specials" to theWives, ' Sweethearts andffVMMReSaA Great Heap of Small Sticks.Grammar being but an introductionto the understanding of authors, if itbe made too long or exquisite to thelearner, it in a manner mortifieth hiscourage. And by the time he coraethto the most sweet and pleasant reading of old authors, the spark of fervent desire of Jearning is extinct withthe burden of grammar like as a littlefire is soon quenclieS with a greatheap of small sticks; so that it cannever come to the principal logswhere it should long burn in a greapleasant fire. Sir Thomas Elyot, "TheGovernor" (1531).Saturn Not So Large as Jupiter.The planet Saturn is not quite solarge as Jupiter. Its grand array ofrings and satellites, however, rendersit the most stupendous object in thesolar system. To the naked eye, whennear opposition, it shines as a bright! star of the first magnitude.Health Brings Beauty; Every Woman Should Read ThisBankston, Ala. "I had been downwith trouble of a feniinine character fora good many years. I took medicine fromdifferent doctors, but it did not do meany good. Then I heard of Dr. Pierce'sFavorite Prescription and I ordered someof this medicine. I took six dollars'worth of it and I would not take sixtyfor the good it did me. I surely can praiseDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. Idon't intend to be without it in my homeas long as I can get it. I would adviseevery woman that is bothered withtrouble from which women suffer, to usethis Prescription." Mis. Williamson,Boute2.Get MPrescriptwn df DrPierceVin. tebles,pr liquid ai$ see bow quickly you''willjhave' sparkling" eyes, sl'clear skin andVimvigor, vitality Write Dr. PiercetfInvftlids'Hotel1n Buffalo1, N. Y., for freemedical advice.Bourbon NurseriesNow is the Time to PlantGet your trees and shrubs establishedbefore winter.BOURBON NURSERIESMeinertz & HarperProprietorsWPI12OIV.AfcCs & CJI.TrvHli5PUs$625F.O.B. Detroit4tTfelSjVu Trommalime forMyselfSinceI GotaFordson"The Fordson Tractor is taking much' of thedrudgery out of farm life ; it is solving tHe laborproblem; it is reducing the cost of preparingland by almost one half of what it was withhorses; and it is saving one third to one halfof the farmer's time; and making farm lifemore attractive.The Fordson will run your threshing machineand at the most opportune time for you. Itwill operate the milking machines, saw yourwood, fill your silo, pump the water, and takecare of-every kind of belt workAnd don't forget it will plow six to eightacres in a ten hour day, handling two plowswith ease.Thui the. Fordson is the ideal year-round trac' tor. It will ay for its fall and winter keep inmany ways.-There's a big story to tell you about the Ford-oo-ncftrue one come in and get the facts.Ory if yon prefer, telephone or drop us a cardand w will bring them to you.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.EDITORIAL FLINGSPot Shots At This, That And TheOther By The News' Pencil Pusher.Prescription blank, prescriptionblank,You interest the chronic tank,The doctor, if he'd only careWhat joy the doctor could writethere.. Prof. Wentz, of Chicago, who saysnine women out of ten are homely,makes a noise like a husband toohenpecked to dare give nine womentheir due.By the time the Arbuckle casereaches the court trial stage thechief witnesses should be able to remember very little of what theyknew so much about in the beginning. m m mWhile the nations were talkingabout disarmament, nobody thoughtanything about disarming1 Cupid, thesly little guy who goes aroundcausing two people to starve whereonly one starved before.'A Paris man says he never smoked a cigar until he was seventy yearsold. Opinion will be divided as towhether that's why he lived till hewas seventy years old or that's whyhe didn't begin to live until he wasseventy years old.There is enough joy in the songof one mocking bird to teach all humanity that life should be filledwith happiness and cheerfulness.The song of the happycanary,though his music floats from behindprison bars, should teach us that ourgrouches and pessimism are mostlyimaginary.Iowa claims to have a rooster "thatlays eggs. Suppose the bloomin'chump got so accustomed to advertising for some hens that did not comeup to the specifications that he hadtfrmake good himself. THE NEWSalways tries to make good, but wecan not promise to lay an egg foryou.The reception given Fatty Arbuckle upon his return to Los Angeles from San Francisco, where he hadbeen held on a charge of manslaughter in a case that has shocked themoral sense of the country indicates that the ultimate depth towhich prurient-minded women, victims of maurlin sentimentalitycompounded of depravity, may descend. According to 'Uncle Dick" Moore,of the Paris fire department, Patrolman Geo M. Hill is the owner of themost wonderful weapon on earth, aLueger automatic pistol that is fearfully and wonderfully made. Dicksays the official's life protector isequipped with grease cups, pistonrods and other intricate machineryjust like one of the L. & N.'s big"bog" engines, and that PatrolmanHill is considering advertising forbids for supplying cup greases foroiling the formidable weapon. xParis has a number of firetrapswithin its corporate limits that area serious menace to surroundingproperty. The difference between abear trap and a firetrap is that sometimes the bear gets away, but thefiretrap always catches somebody.Then a firetrap is like a visitingmother-in-law you can't tell howlong she's going to remain or howsoon she might flare up over theleast little friction. Then again,building a firetrap is like winking atan old maid it's not only foolish,but there's no telling how seriousthe outcome may be.FARMER BELIEVED7HIS TIME HAD COMEGriifiis Was So Weak He CouldHardly Walk Has Fully Ke-covered Health"Tanlac 'has helped me so muchthat I made this trip to town especially to get some of the medicinefor my wife," said H. O. Griflis, awell-known farmer of Glenwood.W.Va., while in Huntington recently."One bottle of this medicine hasalready made me feel like a newman. For months everything I atesoured on. my stomach and I sufferedso much from gas at times that Ithought my time had come. I usedto have dizzy spells, too, and had togive up horsebackriding, and I gotso weak I couldn't walk from thehouse to the fields wthout having tostop to rest. ."I commenced to feel better almost from the first dose of Tanlac.I have- a big appetite now and everything I eat agrees with me. Myother troubles have lost their grip,too. In my opinion, when it comesto stomach trouble Tanlac is the'King Bee' among medicines."Tanlac and Tanlac Vegetable Pillsare sold by all leading drug stores.(adv)FbrSmeOne new Ayery 8-16 tractor withpilot guide arid Grand Detour 11inch 2-bottom plow. Price, $600, iftaken 'at once.,J. S. WILSON & BRO.,(sept-13-8t) Paris, Ky.Mattresses RemadeWe take your old mattress, renovate it and put on a new tick whichmakes it as good as new. Give us atrial. We will call for and returnsame.uau uumD. jpnone luaz.PARIS BEDDING CO.(augl9-tf)Presidents Who Served Two -Terms.The first president to serve eightyears was Jefferson, wno was followed in turn by Madison and Monroe,eight years each, j Then came JohnQuincy Adams, who had one term only.He was followed by Jackson with twofull terms, ending in 1837. Then camea break of 40 years, until 1877, beforepresident Grant retired after eightyears' occupancy of theWhite House.Cleveland" served eight years, 1885-89and 1893-97, but his two terms wereInterrupted by that of Benjamin Harrison, 1SS9-93.Question of Influence.The secret of success, according to aKansas City minister, is to bewbornwithout money, friends or influence.Many are born without money, a fewwithout friends, but we never heardof a baby without influence. KansasCity Star.For RentFour nicely furnished upstairsrooms in excellent location, at reasonable price. For further information call THE NEWS office, eitherphone 124.e Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Street.?.(augl5-tf)Farm Loans!5 or 10 Year Loans onGood Land.S. T. & E. W. Randall227 West Short St.Lexington, Ky.(sep30-9t)For Sale PrivatelyTwo New 7-Room Housesrs.Located on North Clifton AvenueEach house contains 7 rooms, 2 halls, bathfront and back porches, 5 big"fresses and pantry.Both houses are on concrete foundation and haveasphalt shingle roof. Concrete pavement will belaid in front and houses will be fully screenedpiped for gas and fitted with electric lights.These are both high class homes, built withthe idea of getting the most comfort and convenience for the money invested.One is now being painted inside, the otherone could be painted to suit the customer.JVe believe. we can make the price on thesehomes as low as it is possible to build "themand as low as it will be possible to build them forseveral years.Possession can be given about Oct. 1st to 10th.LostA gold bar pin with diamond i:rcenter, between The Leader storeand Frank & Co., on Thursday. Finder return to NEWS office and receivereward. (23-tf)We Pack CreamHome-Made Ice Cream- packed,delivered at sixty cents per quart.All orders for Sunday must be placed Saturday by six o'clock. No orderspacked less than half-gallon.Brick Cream prepared on specialorders.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,Both Phones 494. 429 Main St'.(sep-9-tf)rff f fit Tr v , ,pmBBivV Tm B 'SiBITnSBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBrSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBvilNEW DANCE HITSO Mef pTMy! ' Fox Trot NicholaOdaodo's Orchestra- tMimf, oJrot. Nicholas Orlando'sOrchestra." f- 21575 ,Listenag, Fox Trot. Merry MelodyMen. o C ZSwanee.Rose, One Step. s MerryMelody Men.2i578Peaches, Fox Trot SelviVs NoveltyOrchestra.Life is All Sunshine With You, FoxTrot. Selvm's Novelty Orchestra.20579ulienne, ( A Franco-American FoxTrot. Bennie Krueger and HisOrchestra.Stolen Kisses, Fox Trot. CasinoDance Orchestra.20580 XThe Last Waltz, from "The LastWaltz," Waltz. Hazay Natzay'sOrchestraOpen Arms, Fox Trot. Casino DanceOrchestra.Wt'-OWBROOKS &DRUG CO.mlziaHMIMUMHMmtmmHILowest PricesEver Quotedon Titan andInternational TractorsThe Harvester Company has made another big pricecut on Titan and International Tractors. This reduction wipes out all former- advances and puts thesetractors at the lowest prices at which they have everbeen sold. We are offering:International 8-16, $900This price is about one-fourth less than that of March1; 1921. The new price includes all necessary equip.ment platform, fenders, governor, belt pulley whichcost extra on some tractors.Titan 10-20, $900This is the lowest price ever quoted on the Titan,considering equipment included (formerly sold extra).At this price the Titan 3-plow tractor is the best value inthe farm power field.if Z "International 15-30,$ 1 ,750This also is lower than any former price. You cannot find a better 4-plow tractor-f or the money,A1i PJice? are, f- o- . Chicago. The Harvester Company advises'us these prices are made regardless f manufacturing costs and that they do not guarantee tomaintain them. These prices certainly justify the immediate purchase of a tractor.' We jan arrange suitable terms for you. Come inand see us.If Q RATI ftAlftAG!Bourbon Lumber Co.1fM: PEALE COILUK, WnHrJ(VT-?'$'iir- sMrssr-5v -;, ma mj . 1 ? WUI ,-. WW llll1 tXc-Nrff FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1921.(J?. gTHE BOUKBOIf NEWS. PARIS,. KBHTUCCtPAISMILLERSBURGPERSONALSone elevencigarettes!y IOfceThreelnseparablesOne for mildness .VIRGINIAOne for mellowness.BURLEYOne for aroma, TURKISHThe finest tobaccos perfectlyaged and blendedlOforlSl 4ht,Jfttiei- iritB!rlll FIFTH AVE.Dream Lore.For a man to dream of reading anewspaper indicates that he will besuccessful in whatever he undertakes,become very rich and arrive at greathonors in the state. To a maid it denotes that she will marry a man whoMrs. Sallie Miller is visiting relatives in Covington.Miss Rice, of Lexington, is visiting her sister, Mrs. F. E. Peterson.Mt. J m iiali-s bought the residence of the late G. W. Bramblett,Monday, price $3,550.Cadet Foster Adams is visitinghis parents, Rev. and Mrs. P. F.Adams, in Fleminsrsburer.Mrs. Jennie Lyle, of Lexington, Jnas Teturned home after a visit withher aunt, Mrs. Sue Sar dusky.Mrs. C. B. Poer and little snnV6t Covington, are visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Farris.Mr. and Mrs. Adams, of Huntington, W. Va., have returned homeafter & visit with Mr, A. C. Carpenter. Mr. Price, of Ewing, has openeda meat market in the 'Store roomadjoining A. S. Best's hardwarestore.Misses Hazel Kerr and Eilzabeth Rice attended the meeting ofthe "Eastern Star in Cynthiana, Tuesday night. ,.Prof, and .vlrs. J. W. Lancastervisited the larrer's parents. Mr. p.ndMrs. J. W. Lawrence, of Georgetown,the past week.Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre and sister, Mrs. Gaines Dudley, of Carlisle,left Tuesday for a visit with relatives in Georgia.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Caldwellhave returned from Mayo Bros.-Hospital, at Rochester,, Minn., whereMr. Caldwell underwent treatment.A number of business men attended the first volley ball practice ofthe season Monday night. The nextmeeting is Monday night, October10. All business men are invited tocome out and enjoy an evening ofsport.COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL NOTESSupt. J. B. Caywood was a visitor at the school Tuesday.The Junior Agricultural Club willmeet Monday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, at the High School building..will become rich and powerful andthat her children will be people of A full attendance is desired.great consequence. To dream you lbuy or sell them denotes hard workand small profit. To dream of oneprinted in a foreign language denotes& letter from afar.YOU'RE SICK. BILIOUS! TAKE"CASCARETS" FOR LIVERAND BOWELSGet 10-cent box now!You're bilious! Your liver anduowels need a thorough cleanngtwith Cascarets, then the headachedizziness, bad breath, and stomachmisery will end. No griping nicest physic on earth.(F-tf)oCharacter Told by Smile.Something of a person's charactermay be discovered by observing whenand how he smiles. Some people neversmile, they merely grin. Bovee.Wednesday's Chapel exercises wereconducted by Rev. W. D. Wilburn,pastor of the Methodist church. Thefifth grade favored the audiencewith a number of songs. The visitors were: Mesdames Minnie Rule,Thos. Stone, J. D. Calhoun, Elizabeth Calhoun, Miss Lillian Bodkinand Messrs. David "Cassity, M. E.Pruitt, and Dr. H. C. Burroughs.Remember the date of the. Agricultural Fair, October 4.SOCIETY POLKS READOur line of samples of the famousJenner Line of Yuletide GreetingCards has just arrived. This is thobest line that can be purchased. Lotsof our customers were forced lastseason to make several selections onaccount of the line selling out soquickly. Come in during Septemberand place your order and be sure andget what you want and while the variety of stock is complete.THE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) ENGRAVING DEPARTMENT.oAUTUMNMiss Belle Horton is visitingfriends and relatives in Maysville.Mrs. J. W. Wind, of near Paris,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. F. D.Elmore, at Fork Ridge, Tennessee.Miss Hilda Threlkeld, of Maysville, is a guest of her cousin, Mrs.Edward Prichard, on Seventh street.Mrs. W. A. Johnson, of Louisville, is ill at the home of her daughter, Mrs. J. Simms Wilson, in thiscity.Mrs. Ruth Morgan Gordon, formerly of Paris, is here from Nashville. Tenn., as guest of Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig.Mr. and Mrs. Rex Parker andchildren have returned from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Parker, inSadieville, Scott county.John Lytle and Thomas Crawford, both of Louisville, former Parisians, were guests of. friends and relatices in this city Tuesday.Mrs. Wm. F. Talbott has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.E. B. Sparks and family, who arecamping at Verdinj Kentucky.s Mrs. Grover Baldwin and son,Wm. Talbott Baldwin, of Paris, areguests of Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Wallingford, of Garrard street, in Covington Miss Minnie Thompson and Mrs."Leslie Smoot, of Maysville, areeuests of Mr. and Mrs. Garrett Jef-iferson. at their home on Houstonavenue.Mrs. Georgia Fithian Webb, ofeParis, is a patient at the Good Sa-maritan Hospital, in Lexington,,where she recently underwent a suc-icessful surgical operation.Mrs. Nannie Clarke, widow oftDr. Charles J. Clarke, of Paris, re-mains critically ill at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city.James D. Parke, who has beenat Bay City, Michigan, during thtisummer, where he was employed by,the Postal Telegraph Co., is visitinghis mother, Mrs. George Parker, onMaysville street.Mrs. A. J. McCoy, of "KansasCity, Mo., formerly Miss MattieGreen, of Paris, who has been a guestfor some time of Miss Imogene Red-mon and Mrs. Edward Speakes, mthis city, is now visiting friends andrelatives in Lexington.A party of about twenty youngpeople recently "stormed" Miss Marjorie Trisler, at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Frank Trisler,on Eighth street. They brought withthem all necessary things for havinga good time, and from eight totwelve indulged in dancing.Miss Helen Hutchcraft, of Paris,was one of the guests at a luncheongiven at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, by Misses Matsey Grimes andAnne Settlemayer for the Chi Chapter Chi Omega Fraternity of Hamilton and Transylvania Colleges, andin honor of some of the girls of theTransylvania College Freshmenclass.(Other Personals on Page 5)oAGENTS WANTEDMR. TOBACCOiEscape the "Stout" ClassAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportions. The stout women who are never spokenof as " stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo Belt Reducing Corsetsgive the wearer an appearance ofslenderness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andsupport where the greatesTstrainfalls over the abdomen andhips.They have the reputation of being"the most economical reducingcorsets ever devised."Priced from $2 to $ioFRANK & CO.There's a charm to me in all of thesadness of the fall in the turning ofthe leaves in the vale, and the sighing of the breeze through thebranches of the trees tells to me asweet though melancholy tale." Springthat brings the gladsome flowers,spring that trims the woodland bowers, signs a song less ' clear andtouching to my heart. Autums singsin solemn measures of the flight ofsummer pleasures, but it's not forever that these friends must part.It's this hope that in us lies whenthe heart's beloved one dies; it's thishope that make life worth it's toiland pain, for we know that downbelow the soft cover of the snowflowers rest while the leaves go chasing by and the first chill hit of enowis in the air, the grey clouds areswinging low, chasing bird-cloudsdown below, and the fall's expectanthush is everywhere. Oh, the seasonsall are good, bringing health and joyand food, and it's hard to tell whichone I like the best, but the gentlepain of fall is the soothingest of all,as it sends the tired flowers to theirrest.o-It Would Seem So.Our -observation is that a couple ofmodern lovers on a train can be asdemonstrative in a prairie country asIn a land of tunnels. Dallas News.IIWe want a lady or gentlemanagent to handle city trade in Paris,and other vacant cities. This is awonderful opportunity as you willbe retailing the genuine J. R. Watkins Products, including WatkinsCocoanut Oil, Shampoo, Garda FacePowder, Fruit Drinks, and over 173other products. Write to-day forfree samples and particulars.THE J.lEt. WATKINIS CO.,Dept. 69, Memphis, Tenn.(oct4-2t)WORDS FROM HOMEStatements That May Be Investigated Testimony of ParisCitizens.S. W. SHIVELY&S0NMeat MarketFRESH AND CUREDMEATSSPRINGCHICKENSWhen a Paris citizen comes to thefront, telling his friends and neighbors of his experience, you can relyon his sincerity. The statements ofpeople residing in far away places donot command your' confidence. Homeendorsement is the kind that backsDoan's Kidney Pills. Such testimonyis convincing. Investigation provesit true: Below is a statement of aParis resident. No stronger proofof merit can be had.Joe Kieley, prop, shoe repair shop,11 Seventh street, says: "Doan'sKidney Pills did me a world of goodand I take pleasure in recommending them to anyone suffering withkidney trouble. I was a ' suffererfrom kidney complaint and my backached most of the time. My kidneyswere weak and the secretions werehighly colored and contained sediment. I lost my sleep at night, as'there was no let up to the pain inmy back. I got four boxes ofDoan's Kidney Pills at Ardery'sDrug Store and used them according(to directions. They rid me of thetrouble entirely."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Kiely had. Foster-MilburnfCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. "adv)0Deplorable.Master Now, cook, just look here!Look at that piece of hacon I've justgiven your mistress! It's the worstcut I ever saw in my life and thispiece I'm just going to take myself isonly a little better. Edinburgh Scotsman.GROWER.RememberiIitW!' I-MjWH 'W3, 1 921' vSIGN YOUR CONTRACT NOWMLlxn IBURLEY MARKETINGASSOCIATIONMoney back without questionif HUNT'S GUAKANTKBUI SKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail Inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Ringworm.Tetter or other itching skin diseases. Try thiotreatment at our risk,VAKDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.rrgpirrmA SPECIALFor Week Oct. 3 to 9ONE GALLONWHITE KAROORWHITE SEAL65cper gallonNot over 2 gallons to eachpersonFOYS PAINTSAND VARNISHESPRICES AT OLD TIME LEVELSLogan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179Fall PlantingOf all kinds of Hardy Trees,Shrubs, Hedge, Grape Vines,Roses, Perennials, Evergreens,.Rhubarb, etc., is recommended.Our catalog price list and guideis free to everyone interested ingood nursery stock. No agents.H. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsLexington, Ky.(sep30-8wks)EBINDressedFriday and SaturdayNICE FRESH FISH8tpHFeet Are Natural.A baby has the most beautiful footIn the world. It is beautiful becauseit is natural. The shape of the boneshave not been marred by ugly, illfitting, cramping and distorting shoes.oNo DeliveryMiss . writes that tliis excuse wmreceived by u) local school marm:"Dear Tfeacber: Please excuse Willie'sabsence feet Friday, as he had to f"tl WK6vitidafterTdjnMwtf mm.TWM-Htetr'CINCINNATIand returnVia$2.35--L. & N.--$2.35Sunday, Oct. 9, 1921Beat Winter To ItPaint This FALLWtDon't wait till next Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. Fall is the time to paint forprotective purposes. Surfaces aredrier and better prepared to takepaint. They need protection ifrestjust before winter attacks them.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced Prices. KANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AMD PAPEf HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087Home Phone 399fill I ! WWWWWWWWWWt 11 f fj Special train "will leaye Paris at8:10 a.'m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,:S 0 p. m.f standardtime, T?30jf."m.City TiiM). For , further JafesMUoa, MMUlt LMml TWLSt AMtKEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse JElectric Fant We have them all sizes. Special cash discount. Call andi3 1see our stock.lfe-CW. Hit,fiSAT. W. SPICER4s .Kill Itl Ml J Mil UMJJ I U MOMM Mm- -sum-u.. .:'nru? w -PAQBFOOmTH BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, HBNTUC'MFRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, il.feL VrPRESBYTEEIAN SYNOD TO MEETHEEE.( Continued from Page 1.)Jiouse at Danville. There were atthat time twelve Presbyterian congregations with five ministers. Thenames of those five pioneer Presbyterian ministers were Rice, Rankin,McClure, Crawford and Templin.The First Presbyteran Church inParis is the oldest organizationwithin the city limits. It was organized, in 1787 with Rev. AndrewMcClure as the first minister. Amongwell known ministers who haveserved the Presbyterian Church aresuch men as Dr. L. H. Banton andDr. E. H. Rutherford. The membership of the church is at presentabout 412. Rev. T. S. Smylie, thepresent pastor, has been with thejchurch for nearly two years. Thechurch is awake to its opportunities.Its work is progressing nicely. "Between one hundred and thirty andbrie" hundred and forty membersImve' T)een added to the rolls of thechurch during the past two years.In membership and standing thechurch ranks among the strongestin"the Synod..For the first time since 1870 theSynod will meet with the Parischurch.The Synod had been invited tomeet in the church several years agoand the invitation had been accepted. But the "flu" epidemic presented the meeting. Hardly any of-the older pastors of the church can Jremember the last meeting, ur.Blanton was the pastor of thechurch. The church is hoping tomake it the best meeting since thattime, which will make it the bestmeeting of the Synod of Kentuckyin the "memory of men."A11 the agencies and committeesare co-operating together to makethe meeting a great inspiration and' success. The families of the churchare responding splendidly in opening their homes for the delegates.Mrs. Harry B. Clay is Chairman ofthe committee in charge of securinghomes. Registration is going along-with Mr. C. B. Harrison as the registrar. The quartette of theohUrch, with Mrs. Macie Fithian as-chairman, is preparing to renderspecial music at the evening sessions. Mr. Rudolph Davis is chairman of the committee which is planning to take the delegates for an automobile tour of the Bluegrass, andvarious other committees are working on plans for reception, registration, entertainment and serving thenoon day lunches.The Commercial Club is co-ope-'Tatingin the effort to welcome theSynod to the city of Paris. Theyare planning to decorate the show-windows 'of the city in honor of theSynod. A huge banner across thestreet will proclaim the city's welcome. A representative of the Commercial. Club will officially welcomethe Synod at the opening session.-The city will tender its welcomethrough Mayor E. B. January, orhis appointee. The Ministers' Association has appointed Rev. "W. 2.Ellis to bear to the Synod the welcome of the other churches in town.The retiring moderator is Mr. T.B. Talbott. Mr. Talbott is a layman, wha has been very successfulin the work ' of the Presbyterianchurch in the mountains. Ho is atpresent the hustling manager of theHome Mission problems in the threePresbyteries of Ebenezer, West Lexington and Transylvania. Dr. E. M.Green, of Danville, is the oldest living moderator of the Synod. He-was moderator of Synod at Harrodshurg in 1883. Dr. Green is perhaps-the oldest minister in active service in the State of Kentucky. Heis eighty-two years old, has been atDanville for forty-four years, and isstill in -the active minisrrv. Dr.Green is hoping to be able to attendthis meeting of the Synod. Thepastors of the leading pulpits andjthe leaders of the work of the Presibyterian church in the United Stateswill be present to take part in theprograms and in the discussions ofthe work.A strong program has been prepared. Rev. S. B. Lander, of Winchester, will preach the opening sermon Tuesday night. Among thelist of speakers are the names ofsuch forceful men as Mr. T. B. Talbott, Mr. W. T. McElroy, Mr. W. A.Hopkins, Dr. John M. Vander Muhlen, Dr. P. B. Hill, Dr. Henry Sweets,Mr. Carey Blain, Dr. J. V. Logan,Dr. Drciay Lilly, Dr. ThorntonWhaling, Dr. W. A. Ganfield, Dr. R.-T. Gillispie, Dr. Benjamin Bush, Mr.Henry R. Turner and others.One of the most interesting features of the sessions will be the report of the Commission of the Synod-which has been working for a yeartogether with a similar commissionfrom the Synod of Kentucky, U. S.A. (Northern) looking towards aunified campaign for Christian Education in Kentucky. Dr. R. T.Gillispie, of the Maxwell StreetPresbyterian Church, and Dr. Benjamin Bush, of the Second Presbyterian Church, both in Lexington,have been the leaders of these twocommissions. The plans which theyhave developed and the prospectswhich they have to offer will be exceedingly interesting, and will meanSreat things for the co-operation ofthe two churches in Kentucky.Another very nteresting session"Will be the Home Mission meetingunder the leadership of Mr. Talbott.The needs of the prospects of thework in the mountains of Kentuckywill be brought by these workers totheir brethren of the Synod, and theplans for the work will be discussed.Probably one of the most practical meetings of the Synod will bein charge of Mr. Henry R. Turner,f Campbellsville. This meetingfrill be a conference on laymen'swork. Mr. Turner is a banker, whois very much interested in the partthat laymen should play in the development of the church. Under bis' leadership the Presbytery of Tranylv&nia, in which he lives, in doingthiigs for the Kingdom of God. Mr.Turner is preparing a very intcrestig program to bring home the great;prt that the laymen must play in.the Mrvice of God.' There are six Presbyteries in thevlred f Keataeky. " Tfeeee-Preeby-lerfiee are mate up of 161 cbttrcfeftsm& 104 ministers. There are 2ft.-RELIGIOUSMr. Oscar Tillett will talk tothe recent tent meeting converts,,at the K. of P. Hall, Wilson building to-night, at 7:30 o'clock. Hewill talk on the 14th Chapter of St.John. All are invited.The regular monthly meetingof the Women's Missionary Societyof the Paris Christian church will beheld at 2:30 o'clock this (Friday)afternoon, in the parlors of thechurch. Members are asked to bringthe September "World Call" withthem.A revival meeting begin Sundayat the Hutchison Methodist church.Rev. E. G. B. Mann, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, will do the preaching, assisted by the pastor, Rev. W.M. Williams. Services will pb holdeach evening at 7:30 o'clock. Evepy-body cordially invited to attend,Rev. Arthur Fox has returnedfrom Harlan, where he has concluded a very successful revival meeting.He will preach Sunday morning atthe Baptist church on the subject,"My Father's Business," and at the,evening service he will discuss "TheEvils of The Day." Sunday School at9:15 a. m.j B. Y. P. U. at 6:30 p. m.The "waist party" given by theladies of the Christian church inthe church parlors, netted the sumof $175. Each guest gave one centfor each inch of his or her waistmeasurement. William Talbott wasassessed fifteen cents as his share,while his opposite, 'Joe B. Smith, hadto come out with one dollar, measuring one hundred inches around thewaist.The Mssion Circle of the Christian church enjoyed a 'delightful afternoon at the home of Mrs. FayetteArdery, on the Lexington road, nearParis Refreshments were servedand an interesting social hour completed the program. The next meeting of the Circle will be held at thehome of Mrs. W. E. Ellis at the corner of Tenth and Main streets.The County Christian ChurchOrganization will hold its regularquarterly meeting at 7:30 p. m.,Tuesday evening, October 11th, inthe parlors of the Paris Christianchurch. Every one interested inthis work is earnestly requested tobe present at this meeting, and especially the officers, teachers andrepresentatative of the churches andSunday Schools.The Synod of Kentucky willmeet In the First Presbyterianchurch in this city, on Tuesday, October 11, at 7:30 ' o'clock, for athree-days session. The sessionswill be presided ovei: by Rev. Thos.B. Talbott, of Lexington, formerly ofParis, Moderator. It is requestedthat all those who propose to attendthe Synod notify C. B. Harrison, secretary of the Y. M. C. A., at Paris,so that arrangements may be madefor their accommodation.Services at the Paris ChristianChurch Sunday morning and evening by the pastor. The subject ofthe morning sermon, "Blue Laws."At a time when so much is beingsaid about this subject and the papers are taking such an active partin denouncing the return to what iscalled the blue laws, it will be interesting to hear the subject discussed from the pulpit. The subjectof the evening sermon is, "The Battle of Giants." A battle is alwaysan interesting thing, and when it isa real battle, is always worth considering. Come out to both' services. The Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church held anall-day meeting at the church Tuesday. The. president, Mrs. A. L. Forsyth, had arranged a very attractive and instructive program. Aftera Bible lesson by Mrs. Forsyth, theregular business of the society wastransacted, followed by a talk byMrs. H. A. Power, on "Our. Work inJapan." This was followed by asplendid presentation of Juniorwork by the Conference Superintendent, Miss Laura Lilleston, MissOlivia Orr presented Mission studyin a very novel and attractive way.Mrs. Everett Thompson, of Millersburg, District Secretary, of theMaysville District, made a very fineaddress on the work the women aredoing. Miss Frances Hancock, Deaconess worker of Kingdom House,St. Louis, made all see plainly thebusy life and broad scope of a worker in this field of service. Mrs. Elizabeth Carr and Miss Ina Mattoxvery beautifully sang, "If NobodyHad Told You About Jesus." TheBible lesson for the afternoon wasgiven by Mrs. C. H. Gr6er. Severalladies from the Hutchison Auxiliary, with their pastor, Rev. Williams, and wife, also a number fromMillersburg were present for theday. It was a pleasure to have thepresence of Rev. B. F. Jones, Presiding iuider of the Maysville District,and his wife, during the day, alsothe pastor, Rev. C. H: Greer. Asplendid lunch was served at thenoon hour by the ladies of the207 members. There are 1,424 officers. The Sunday School enrollmentis nearly as large as the church membership, there being 17,235 membersof the Sunday Schools of the Southern Presbyterian church in Kentucky. yThe delegates allowed tothe Synod are all of the ministers mthe Synod and an elder to representeach of the churches.The delegates will be met at thetrains. The ladies of the Pastor'sAid are planning to serve a supperin the church Tuesday -evening forthe delegates. They will also servedinner on Wednesday and Thursdayat the church. Those who knoweither by experience or from hearsay of the 'famous Bourbon hospitality know that nothing will be leftundone to make the delegates ofthe Synod feel that they have foundthe heart of Kentucky, and that theheart 'of Kentucky was theirs duringtheir stay in Bourbon.All of the meetings of the Synodare open to the public. The 'public,regardless of religious affiliation, iscoxdially invited to any and all oits sessions. A special invitationalgiven to everybody to at2tendlHbTenight sessions, which will be popularand inspiring. Special music will beira-by, the Presbyteriatt.;QurtettetChOkTW the ifht seTicA PA-cordial welcome awaits for all. -church, consisting of fried chicken,,creamed potatoes, corn pudding:combination salad, hot rolls, coffee,!frappe and doughnuts. A large number attended..PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHEvery member of the church is reminded of the Church AttendanceCampaign, which is on during themonth of October. Every member isrequested to be present at all of thechurch services, and if possible, tobring some one with them each time.The subject of the morning sermonwill be "Tarry Ye At Jerusalem."The text for the evening service is"Be Sure Your Sins Will Find YouOut." The hours of service are,preaching 10:55 a. m. and .7:15 p.m., Sunday School 9:30 a. m. andChristian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Acordial welcome is given to all toattend these services.PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTBICBILLS- Don't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay your jgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-tlay do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)BEEEA COLLEGE ON SCREENA three-reel motion picture show-ing the activities of Berea College,will be shown at the Paris GrandOpera House, Sunday afternoon atthree o'clock. Dr. Wm. J. Hutchens,president of the College, will deliver an address. The people ofBourbon county are invited to attend, but children will not be admitted. The admission will be free.FOOTBALLFRIDAY, OCT. 7TH, McCLINTOCKHELDDOUBLE-HEADER2:30PICCADOME HIGH SCHOOLVs.PARIS HIGH 2ND TEAM3:15CYNTHIANA HIGH SCHOOLVs.PARIS HIGH SCHOOLON ACCOUNT OF THE LARGECROWD EXPECTED, PEOPLE AREREQUESTED TO PARK CARS 50FEET BACK 0E THE WHITELINE.OPEN SATURDAYCorner Eighth and MainParis, Ky.iTHE BRAND NEW CONVENIENTSTANDARD ILSERVICE STATION1 111 '1 fTo the first FIFTY purchasing a $10 Coupon Book at this new station.More MilesLess CarbonPure, Peppy, Powerfulg - - v ;7-:!:i1111 ' ;2tL . . r fr: -;? ' "Commencing Today, We OfferBourbon and Central KentuckySuper-Values, Even for Simon!At Prices Made Possible Only Through Extreme Concessions by Manufacturersand Prortionately Underpricod to You! Now is the Time to Buy Your Fall Suit!Also Many Attractive Higher Priced Models Now Being Shown.$24.75 $45.00 $57.50Materials of the finest, perfectly tailored models, ricnly trimmed with Mole,Beaver, Nutria, Wolf, Beaverette, Opossum. Colors represented Black, Navy,Sorrento, Brown, Reindeer, Malay, Tortoise. An extensive collection, appropriatefor women and misses. Full range of sizes.A Suit For Everyone.Models for Full FormHARRY SIMON"The Daylight Store"224 W. Main StreetGALLONS NEW"THE PERFECTALSO STANACOLA POLARINEA Paraffine Base Motor OilA GRADE OIL AND GREASE FOR EACH STYLE OF MOTORFREE AIR, FREE WATER, NO TIPSCORRECT MEASURE GUARANTEEDSTANDARD OIL COMPANY- (lncrwmtd,InOB1All the New Autumn Lines InSuits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts,Blouses, Hats, Furs, HosieryFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00mmmmmmmwmmmMmmmumMwwm!u&mmCROWN GASOLINEMOTOR FUEL"Kentucky) xI JT "the Women ofan ExtraordinarymStylishFiguresLexington, KentuckyFREE' ji: . .-iX-c ' 2'f FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1921.-THE BOURBON M5WS, FAIOS, K1MTTOR1PERSONALS60tewjBJewelers :-: . Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to Please-BALTIMORE OYSTEES SERVEDIN ALL STYLES:Fresh, fat Baltimore oysters served in. all styles at any time. Nicelot for to-day and to-morrow.DALE'S RESTAURANT.APPELLATE COURT ORDERS.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Wednesday, the following orderaffecting a Bourbon county case wasentered:Harris, Speakes & Harris vs. Kriegle, Bourbon county: Joint motionto docket and grant appellees sixtydays to file brief sustained.RIGHT LEG BROKENWhile riding his pony around theyard at his home near Paris, Richard Marsh, young son of Mr. andMrs. Harry Marsh, was thrown fromthe saddle when the pony shied. Hisright leg was fractured. He wasgiven medical attention, and is resting comfortably.o!7 HURT BY FALLWhile descending a flight ofstairs at her home on Pleasantstreet, Mrs. Carl Crawford, of theY. M. C. A. Cafe, slipped and fellto the bottom, receiving severebruises about the face and body,which will confine her to her homefor several days. Luckily, no boneswere broken.oTEACHERS' MEETING TO-MORROWThe first monthly meeting of theBourbon county teachers will beheld to-morrow (Saturday) in theCounty Court Room. This will bepay day for all teachers whosemonthly reports have been made out.Report blanks may be secured fromCounty School Superintendent J. B.Caywood, at his office in the courthouse.COMPLETE WATERWORK APPRAISALThe report of Mr. J. W. Wilson,Louisville engineer who was engaged by the city to make an appraisalof the value of the Paris Water Company's plant and system, has beencompleted and submitted. The report will be acted upon at the nextmeeting of the City Council. It willbe used as a basis of further procedure in the controversy between theParis Water Company and the city.COKE FOR TOBACCOSEE CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(septl3-tf)PRICE'S SAUSAGE AND FRESHOYSTERSWe will have for to-day and tomorrow Price's Sausage, fresh oysters and fresh fish.(3t-F) J. B. TARR.oWATER SUIT IN NOVEMBERWater consumers who have beenpaying their quarterly water rentsto the Peoples-Deposit Bank & TrustCompany, as trustee of the ParisCommercial Club collections, arenow paying for the quarter beginning Oct. 1. The injunction suits,which contain the names of morethan four hundred consumers, willcome up for a hearing at the November term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt.OYSTERS RECEIVED FRESHPROM BALTIMOREWe are receiving daily fresh Baltimore oysters, both stewing, soupand frying sizes. An extra fine lotlor to-day and to-morrow.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BOURBON NURSERIESANDCORNER LEXINGTONBETHLEHEM PIKES.MEINERTZ & HARPER,PROPRIETORS.oPARIS MEETS CYNTTTTANA FOOT-BALL TEAM TO-DAYThe Paris High School footballeleven will engage the CynthianaHigh School scrappers in a game atMcClintock Field, on Winchesterstreet, this afternoon. The gamewill be called promptly at 2:30o'clock, when the referee's whistlewill send the teams into action onthe gridiron field.Both teams are in fine shape forthe contest, Paris confident ofbringing home the large end of thescore. Cynthiana recently defeatedFalmouth by a score of 39 to 0, andParis played a tie game with Georgetown on the latter's grounds. Therah-rah-rah boys and girls will beout in numbers to pull for the localteam.CTESH BALTIMORE OYSTERS TODAY AND TO-MORROW.FAT STOCKWE HAVE RECEIVED SOMEVERY FINE OYSTERS DIRECTFROM BALTIMORE FOR TO-DAY-AND TO-MORROW'S TRADE. BOTHTRYING AND STEWING SIZES.ailCE PAT STOCK. IF YOU WANTjUTY YOU HAD BETTER PLACETOUR ORDER EARLY. THE. MK5E IS RIGHT AMD THEY WILLCK)Oir AHUXRY.PARIS BAXBTG 00.,Mrs. Sallie Neff, of Covington,is a guest of Mrs. John H. Bwalt.Miss Annie Wright has returned from a visit to Mrs. Mary Nichols, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. John G. Redmon is seriously ill at her home on the Jackstown pike, near Paris.Mrs. Sam Shout, who iias beenseriously ill for some weeks, was notexpected to survive through thenight.Mr. and Mrs. J. Will Tnfirorhave returned to Cynthiana after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Ryan, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Chamberlain, of Greenfield, Mass., are spending a few days in Paris, while touring the Bluegrass section.Misses Beula Peck and OpalHendrix have returned to theirhomes in Flemingsbur, after a visitto friends in Paris and Lexington.Mrs. Hiram Ewing, of Carlisle,is at the bedside of her mother,Mrs. Minerva Boardman, who continues seriously ill at her hnm noar-Paris4Mrs. Cassius M. Clay 'gave aninformal luncheon Monday at hercountry home, "Auvergne," on thewincnester road, near Paris, in honor of Mrs. J. Campbell Cantrill, anddaughter, Miss Margaret Ripy, ofWashington, D. C, and Mrs. ClaudeGarth and Mr. Elgin Morrison, bothof Lexington. Mrs. Clay was assisted by her son., Mr. John HarrisClay. After the serving of the delicious luncheon the party went" fora motor trip to Xalapa Farm, andother places near Paris. Mrs. Cantrill and daughter returned toWashington Tuesday evening. v(Other Personals on Page 3)oSUNDAY NIGHT DINNER AT THEY. M. C. A.MENUFried Chicken, Y. M. C. A. StyleCauliflower, Au GratinCrystalized Sweet PotatoesHot Rolls, Tomato AspicMayoniasse Dressing" Ice Cream and CakeCoffee Tea MilkSixty cents per plate.oY. M. C. A. NOTESThe Board of Directors of the Y.M. C. A. are planning an open houseprogram for Friday evening, October 7, 7:30 to 9 p. m.The program will open with aband concert by the Y. M. C. Boys'Band. Members of the variousgymnasium classes will entertainwith gymnasium stunts and games.A grand entry of all members ofall the classes, including the girls'swimming classes, will be one of thefeatures of the program.The dormitories and entire building will be open after the gymnastic program for the inspection of thepublic.Everybody inivted to come andbring their friends.Seating room at the Y. M. C. A.Open House program Friday nightwil be scarce according to presentindications, nearly all of the 500tickets having been disposed o.The program includes, in additionto the concert by the J3rs' Band,tumbling by the younger boys,spring vaulting by the midgets,special stunts by Boy Scout Patrols,tumbling and acrobatic ttuPts by theyoung men, aart indoor baseball bythe business b-vsThe Volley Bali g-imo Uy thj Business Men's Clas-) wjiI i. 'lie. closingfeature. The tea. us ire composed ofthe following well-known businessmen. The All-Stars: B. J. Santen,Captain; John Yerkes, John T. Port,Maurice Clark, Joe Grosche, Dr. M.J. Stern.The Ever-Sweats: M. P. Collier,Captain; Frank Kiser, Thoe. S. Sniylie, Colliver Dawes, Lewis Magloneand Carl Bratton.CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW!THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY 0FFCE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMPANY. C K. THOMAS.(Oct 4-tf) Collector.THE STREET RECONSTRUCTIONWORK CLOSING UPVery satisfactory progress is beingmade by the Henry Bickel Co., onthe street construction work inParis, which has been in progressseveral months. The work is finished complete on Fourth, FifthSixth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh!Twelfth and Thirteenth streets,leaving Second, Third, Seventh andEighth, which, will be finished in afew days.The big concrete mixers havebeen busy on High street severaldays, the concrete bed being laidfrom Fifth to Seventh, and thework fast closing up. The streetwill probably be ready for the asphalt surfacing next veek. Thewhole work is expected to be completed in November, weather permitting and the streets turned overto the city.THE. SENIOR CLASS PARIS HIGHSCHOOL WILL HOLDSALE OF EDIBLESThe Senior Class Paris HighSchool will hold a sale of goodthings to eat, Saturday morning, beginning at 9 o'clock, at the ParisRealty Co. Your patronage solicited. (7ltHOME-KILLED MEATSUOME-JnTT.Fn ITttATC vrrnSPECIALTY. WAGOlf WITH BELL1INTERURBAN TO ADOPT ANHOURLY SCHEDULE 'At a recent meeting of the officialsof the Kentucky Traction and Terminal Company, held in the company's offices in Lexington, important steps that will be of groat interest to the people of Paris and tbecounty, were decided uponThe present style of cars used inthe service between Paris and .Lexington, will be reDlaced with newcars of the most approved modern.uesign, witn all improvements andconveniences, and which will havebut one step from the ground instead of the old style now used.These cars will be placed in the service as fast as they are received, andwill run between all points in theLexington, Frankfort, Georgetown,v ex-sanies, etc.Another point that will interestthe people of this city and meet withgeneral approval of the travelingpublic is the establishing of anhourly schedule on all lines of theinterurban service. Thiq will giveone car each way every hour to Parisand Lexington up until midnight,beginning With thfi fi'4K nar Pnnhmorning. These improvements willbe put into effect as soon as the reconstruction work in progress onHigh street in Paris, is completed,which, was stated yesterday, will beabout the first of November, weatherpermitting.POTTER SHOE COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE COMINGThe Potter Shoe Company, Cincinnati, O., will display the advanced modes in both footwear -and hosiery at the Windsor Hotel, on Monday, October 10. We believe an inspection of our line this season willbe of mutual interest. Mr. E. L.Franken will be in charge.(4-2t)- oDO YOU WANT GOOD PICKLES?THEN READIt is impossible to make goodpickle if you haven't good vinegar.Heinz's White Pickling Vinegar isthe best made. We also have Ferndell Spices and they are the best,(ll) C. P. COOK.CHILIWe now put up "That Good Chili"m airtight containers, keeping ithot for as long as twelve hours.Half-pint 20c, pint 40c, quarts 75cTake some home.BLUE GRASS CAFE,E. H. Brannon & Co. Props.(toJan22)FOR SALEFord, Sport Model, cheap if takenat once. A.(7-2t) Both Phones 539. 7LOSTEnd off a Kalinisky Fur Piece,lost on Paris pike between here andLexington. Reward if returned toTHE BOURBON NEWS. Phones 124FOR, RENTTwo furnished rooms for lighthousekeeping, with gas, water anduse of bath room. Phone afternoons after 4:30 o'clock. CumbJPhone 990.J. R. MITCHELL,(7-2t) 341 Winchester Street.ISN'T NECESSARYTO SHIVERWhen you can come here and jump into warm clothesat nominal prices, and be comfortable. The firsttouch of winter has sent men here forUnion Suits $1.25, $1.50, $2.00Flannel Shirts $1.25 to $4.50Suits $12.00 to $35.00Overcoats $10.00 to $35.00Shoes $2.95 to $8.50Caps. 50c to $3.00Wool Socks 50c to $1.00We have an immense stock from which to makeyour selections. To keep a big stock moving we musthave the right prices. WE ARE MOVING THESTOCK. Our regular customers know this. Everyone should know.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetREVOLVER LOSTU. S. Army revolver, Smith, andWesson make 45 caliber,, in leatherholster. Probably left in some Parisstore about Sept. 6. Finder will berewarded by returning same to undersigned at the Bourbon Garage, inParis.(7-2t DR. W. J. KIFF.Overcoat pricesare one-third lowerthan last year.Quality remainsthe same. vThat's the mainthing men wantto know whenlooking aroundfor a goodovercoat.$35, $40, $45,$48 and $54.50for Fashion.Park,Kuppenheimer andAdler-RochesterOvercoats.II I 1 J ';llmV9AM HIf it :comesfrom Davis?Z m .v.'rK.v V'HIif v S..yV.V-"f -COLUMBIA NO. E. 2S85Unquestionably this is the best machine in the worldto-day for the money. Complete in all respects. Straighttone arm, non-set automatic stop and all the principlefeatures of the higher priced machines.They will be HigherGet Yours To-day'f'rV-5; "trkHear the New Columbia RecordsTHE J T. HINTOJV CO.EITHERPHONE ft PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakings:. -Hi4v.n xx rJiSKitm IUUK DOOR., . C..H. MUIOTGER,."a ei - ll auuw, PROPRHTOXssX5EiJf '!?m m "j !-.. vj,.gKj-'aa!M .i i'I' iXf TAQEWttTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KESqUCKT.FRIDAY, ;OCTOBHR 7, 1121, -AT ,srTHE EDITOR.f?'-:A-jCwyMILThe next time ,you fcuy calomelask forc AaiotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel Iphlets that arenausealccs, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.litPower:For Funerals, Parties, Weddings and other occasionswhere flowers are used.Say it with flowers it isthernost expressive way.BOTH PHONES 'JO VARDENThere are few people in the newspaper business at least, in the editorial end who leave vast fortuneswhen they die. There are two reasons they have more sense than topile up riches for posterity, and theother reason is that they don't getjhold of the kale to pile up.' But,they should de a great deal betterif they did their work as unscrupulously as some men in other professions do at times. In. otherwords, if the mazuma were the onlything in view, a land office businesscould be done with folks who wantto keep things out of the paper.Editors are continually confrontedwith persons visiting the sanctumwho make requests to have this andthat "kept out of the paper." Someof tlie requests indeed, a largo, proportion of them are unreasonable;but, in many cases offers of realhard cash are made td "keep it out,"These are, of course, never accepted. It is absolutely contrary tonewspaper ethics to accept pay ofthis nature. But, a great many people-don'tknow it, and insist on irritating the editor by telling him theyare Willing to pay handsomely tohave their request carried out. Somepeople labor under the convictionthat it is. easy to keep a news itemout of the paper by merely handing.the editor a five or ten-spot. But,there is nothing that is as likely toget the item in the paper as such acrude attempt at bribery. There areincidents, particularly Respectingyoung people, that are better not tosee the light of day, especially thenames of nrst off enders. It doesn'trequire a legislative pork-barrel tomake an editor see the advisabilityof not doing unnecessary harm, but,on the other hand, no money on earthcan stop a real "Knight of the Penor Typewriter" from doing his dutyb the, public when it is essential;and in such cases private feelings,sentiment and friends have to - bebrushed aside. Yes, Ye Editor couldget rich it he wanted the kind crmoney so frequently proffered on asilver platter. But, there is somekind of money that isn't worth having because it interferes with conscience.SAVES MILES OFSTEPSReduced Prices onDiscontinued ModelsHOOSIERKITCHEN CABINETSPOR INDIGESTION, GAS SOUB,ACID STOMACH, TAKE"DIAPEPSIN"i4iii44l4H44IS. P.MOHNEYi!ChiropractorJ FIFTH YEAR IN PARIS i"Pape's Diapepsin" is the quickest, surest relief for Indigestion,Gases, Flatulence, Heartburn, Sourness, Fermentation or Stomach Distress caused by acidity. A few tablets give almost immediate relief andshortly the stomach is corrected soyou can eat favorite foods "withoutfear. Large cases costs only fewi cents at drug store. Millions helped , annually.(F-tf)oIfIf love "were a respecter of personsthere would be more bachelors andplnsters in the world.Mill HI tMHWMHI 1 1 1CAHAL BROSBAEBEE SHOP4 WHITE BAEBEBS-?Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSDrWaddcllsPikRemedvDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedem until you have tried Dr. WaddelTffl Remedy. Absolutely hamlets. Guarmfeed to gzre absolute aatisfaetion orysoney refunded. $1.50 per battle at yourflnaxsMt If not 'write us.edicineSmitfrsGroVe.KyJNW$44iftOHOOSIER Cabinets have always been sold fit foW prices, whichhave been fixed at the factory at a figure consistent with the greateconomies made possible by HOOKER'S quantity production. Heretofore it has been impossible fqV any dealer to dffer the HOOSIERat a discount. xBut right now we have on hand a miscellaneous collection ofHOOSIER cabinets in models that have been discontinued. We havereceived permission from the makers to put special prices on theseparticular cabinets jn order to clear them out.The values are so unusual, and the reductions so drastic, we donot expect to be able to continue this offer very long. If you arewise, you will come in at once and select one of these speciallypriced HOOSIERS. The opportunity may not occur again in a lifetime. Every woman needs a HOOSIER in her kitchen. The HOOSIERis so far superior to other devices offered for the purpose of making kitchen work easy that there are today more HOOSIERS in actualuse than any other kitchen convenience.It has been demonstrated over and over again, in DomesticScience Laboratories, as well as in actual household kitchens, thatthe HOOSIER saves more steps, saves more time, and prevents.more work and worry than any other device you can buy.The models offered in this sale arc genuine HOOSIER Cabinets.Each bears the name and is backed by the endorsement of theHoosier Manufacturing Company. It will certainly pay you to buywhile our supply of these modets last. No. 2040 now $44.00.i .i i' m ljlliJiligKA. F. WHEELER & COOpp. Court HouseCHAS. GREEN. ManagerParis, KentuckyJOY BROUGHTINTO HOMEBy Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, RestoringMrs. Benz to Health-. .THE studious caregiven by us infollowing our clients'instructions is certainto result in arrangements in harmonywith the desires ofthose who employ us.fii f? JffiitSFAyEi'-""t''.'i Mfcd-n dd y yi . i inAltOOna. Pa. "T nm wiMinrr 4-n 11! you what Lydia E: Pinkham's Vegetablev-rompounct has donefor me. We havehad six childrendie almost at birth.From one hour tonineteen days is allthey have lived. AsI was going to haveanother, I took adozen bottles of yourVegetable Compound and I can saythat it is the greatest medlP.1Tla nnearth, for this baby is now four monthsold and a healthier baby you would notwant. I am sending you a picture ofher. Everybody says, 'That is somehealthy looking baby.' You have myconsent to show this letter." Mrs. CW. Benz, 131 3rd Ave., Altoona, Pa.No woman can realize the ioy andhapppiness this healthy babe broughtinto the home of Mrs. Benz, unless theyhave had a like experience.Every woman who suffers from anyailments peculiar to her sex as indicated by backaches, headaches, bearingdown pains, irregularities, nervousnessand "the blues" should not rest untilthey have given Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound a trial.Bear Invaded a Flivver.Even bear like motorcars, as isproved by an incident which occurredin Giant- forest, California. A sedanwas left at the foot of Moro rockwhile the occupants climbed the stairway for the glorious views of the. SawTooth range and the San Joaquin valley. On their return they found aDlack bear cub comfortably seated inside the car, which he had .enteredthrough an open window. Bruin, waslicking nptiitlaatol.tlie sandwichfim the lunck anftv was Toersuadedf kmI leave" hi comfortable quarters onljritONE THING IN THEIR PAV0E,Let no one imagine that the wayof the eloper is rough. Let no onewaste tears on the young lovers forwhom the path of true love refusesto run straight. All that romanticstuc is of the day before yesterday.To-day it is vastly different, and wedaresay, if the truth were known.most elopements are connived in bythe old people who find them an easyway to cut expenses, and to be shutof the hungry mob- of caterers andflorists and musicians and all therest of it.That, of course, is not the casewith the most recent sensation. Bluegrass magnates who throw in a little trifle of a farm worth half a million of dollars are assuredly not tobe staggered by the price . of anything and are doubtless disappointed that the son and heir and theyoung lady with the pretty name didnot conform to custom- and walkdown the center aisle while the organ played softly either the Mendelssohn or the Wagner march or, itmay be, the "Voice that breathedo'er Eden."At that, speaking for ourselves, weare strong for elopements. They settle the problem of wedding gifts aterrible tax most agreeably-Whose fault is it when yourhusband is cross atbreakfast?vMOTHER! MOVE CHUB'S BOWELS WITH CALIFORNIAYLGc SYRUPHurry mother! Even a sick childloves the "fruity" taste of "California Fig Syrup" and it never failsto open the bowels. A teaspoonfulto-day may prevent a sick child tomorrow. If constipated, bilious, feverish, fretful, has cold, colic, or ifstomach is sour, tongue coated,breath bad, remember a good clanging of the litle bowels is often allthat is necessary.Ask your druggist for genuine"California Fig Syrup" which hasdirection for babies and children ofall ages printed on bottle. Mother!You must say "California" or youmay get an imitation fig syrup. S(F-tf)'oD'aersCanf.Smell Two Mile.Through, the "sense of smell deer candtectthe presence, .of man or :weiffrom a distance ef rwo miles, AIf you hit your thumbwith a hammer youwouldn't blame yourthumb for hurting.Then why blame yourhusband whose nervesmay have been poundedby coffee, and whose restprobably has been brokenby the irritation of thecaffeine it contains?If you stay awake halfthe night you don't feelany too cheerful.The caffeine of coffeeand the thein of tea areknown drugs. If their useis persisted in, sooner orlater the nervous systemmay give way.Then you may haveinsomnia, or disturbedsleep. Your nerves andtissues will be robbed ofthat stability essential fornormal and happy living.You can avoid thispossibility if you'll stop'drinking tea and coffee and"chink instead, rich, pleasing Postum.Postum is the delirious cereal beverage witha coffee-like flavor. Itaffords the advantages ofa hot drink, without theill effects of tea or coffee.Order Postum fromyour grocer today. Tryit with the family fork fewdays, and see what a difference there'll be howit will permit Nature tobring sound sleep andstrong, sturdy, quietnerves. Sold by grocers.Postum comes in twoforms: Instant Postum (in tins)made instantly in the cup bythe addition of boiling water.Postum Cereal (in packages oflarger bulkfor those who prefer to make the drink while themeal is being prepared) madeby boiling for 20 minutes.TURNER & CLAYTONHIGH GRADE STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES334 Main Street Cumb. Phone 423. hPatrwuM-Benrfclii fevs Advertise.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1921.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KH5TDC30PACT IIl 11 yjpl II I IIIVS. irx jtJeu J-L-i I IIINever say "Aspirin" without saying "Bayer."WARNING! Unless you see name "Bayer" on tablets,you are not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed byphysicians over 21 years and proved safe by milions for. Colds Headache RheumatismToothache Neuralgia NeuritisEarache Lumbago Pain, PainAccept only "Bayer" package which contains proper directions.Handy tin boxes of 12 tablets Bottles of 24 and 100 All druggists.Aspirin is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of SalicylicacldThe Single Track.The profiteer ?as being shown overan English museum one day by oneof the directors. They came to theroom where the stuffed birds were exhibited. "Now, these stuffed birds,said the director, "are among the finest specimens in the country. They'reworth thousands and. thousands ofpoinds." "Ton don't say, sol" said theprofiteer, studying the cases; '"whatare they stuffed with, then?"Learning "By Heart."This expression comes down to ufrom the day when the heart wasthought to be the seat of the emotions.The desire to commit anything tomemory was jthought to be promptedby the heart.What Lit at Hand.Our frand business undoubtedly isnot to see .what lies ftimlyr&tL difftance, but to clo what clearly lies at-hand.--arlyle2,WHAT, THE MICROSCOPE JTNBS. - IN FL0UR.tJames Scott, the microscopist, man article in "Milling" of Liverpool,England, advocates the use of themicroscope in milling.Without any inference that flouris customarily unclean, he supportshis advocacy of the microscope withsome startling disclosures of the common content of flour as commerciallysold.Among the most common of foreignsubstance is perhaps jute fibre dust,detached from jute sacks. It is identified by means of the parrallel markings. There is a black fungus thatgrows on damp sacks. The organsand heads of this mould resemblessoot to such an extent that it requires a microscope to show itsorigin.While we are disposed to sparethe reader a listing of some of thother things Mr. Scott finds in a bagof flour, it is sufficient to "fay thatwe hope with Mr. Scott that millersgenerally buy a microscope anduse it.And while we are on the subject,we learn with a shock that thereis a machine made for busy bakersand economical ones, apparentlyto shake old, second-hand flour bagsshake 'em like a terrier does arat to recover what sticks in thebottom.Ugh! "We never had to shake our oldflour barrel. And the last ounce inthe barrel was just as good for angelfood as the first.Verily this is the age of progress.- oDANDERINELEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO. DO THE .RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGi ' i' -Don't Overlook FELD'S Shoe StoreWhen ready for your fall and winter footwear.WE CAN PLEASE YOU IN QUALITY AND PRICEHMHHMiHII I- 'I-! 'I-! ! 'I-! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 'I-I I' ! W I I' I II' I1 !! GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceiDayBOTH TELEPHONESNight1 37 29924 II I"l 'If 'i"I"M"I"l"I I Hl4 IIHMMintMlIMPORTANT. STAKESOf the Annual Fall Meeting atHM1LATONIA(Convenient to Cincinnati)Sept. 3rd to Oct. 8th" TJatonia Handicap,, $5,000 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, one mfie and a sixteenth, Saturday, September 3.Autumn Handicap, $5$00 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, six furlongs, Monday, September 5.Covington Handicap, $5,000 added, iot 3-year oldsand upward, one mile and three-sixteenths, Saturday,September 10. ,Fort Thomas Handicap, $5,000 added, 2-year-olds,"" sixfurlongs, Saturday, September ' 17.Latonia Championship Stakes, $13,000 added, for, 3-year-olds,one mile and three-quarters, Saturday, September 17.Twin City Handicap) $5,000 added, for 3-year-oldslparil, one mile and five furlongs, Saturday," Scp-Queen -Otx Hancag,.$jCQg aj&ed, fox 2-eLt mile, Saturday, October 1. feStops Hair Coming Out:, Thickens, Beautifies.3, -cents buys a bottle of "Danderine" at any drug store. After oneapplication you can not find a particle of dandruff or a falling hair.Besides, every hair shows new life,vigor, brightness, more color andabundance. - (F-tf)Ancient Iron Currency.Sword-shaped bars of iron wereused by the ancient Britons as money,and many of these are now found inBritish museums. A recent investigation shows that six different denominations were used, distinguishedby their sizes.one- -itonia Cup, $7,500 added, for 3-vear-olds and uo-lrard.wojiuleand a quarter, Saturday, October 8.These ncfi fixtures and a correspondmgly liberal policy throughout mark a season of racing, planned in theinterests of horsemen and public xEke. The Fall 'Meeting at Latonia has attracted the best horses in training.Any day?s program will be worth tncvelingf miles to see" ,9 $ tvw -KENTUCKY., JOCKEY CLUBINCORPORATEDLATONIA, KY COURSETJFr35rrfA CLEAR COMPLEXIONRuddyCheeks SparklingEyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Edwards, a Well-KnownOhio PhysicianDr. F. M. Edwards for 17 years treatedscores of women for liver and bowel ailments. During these years he gave tohis patients a prescription made of alew well-known vegetable ingredientsmixed with olive oil, naming themDr. Edwards Olive Tablets. You willknow them by their olive color.These tablets are wonder-workers onthe liver and bowels, which cause a normal action, carrying off the waste andpoisonous matter in one's system.If you have a pale face, sallow look,dull eyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, a listless, no-good feeling, all outof sorts, inactive bowels, you take oneof Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets nightlyfor a time and note the pleasing results.Thousands of women, and men takeDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the successful substitute for calomel now andthen just to keep them fit. 15c and 30c.tjks'- v-Bourbon News Advertisers Get ResultsFARMERS 8 TRADERSBANKPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan- 3, 1916US M'VI CAPITAL$60,000.00. " SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Riser,, PresidentS. Ik WeatberaYice PresidentW..MitohellfiCaaliierj mo. w; x erjce"A86't UUlltrDn PMd, Jr., Bookkeeper . .4Pt-JUNE , 1921Shirt WaistsV K ,flflBUHUHUHUHHi 'Yi"I put two or .three tablespoonsful of Grandma'sPowdered Soap into a tub part fjull of tepid waterr-soap' .my silk Shirt Yaists. for a few minutes then squeezegently in the foamy' suds." Then I rinse through twowaters roll them in a towel and iron in about 20'minutes."VSuccess in washing is assured when you use"Grandma's Powdered Soap It is real economy.A big, generous sized package for 5cMmPowdered SOAPTri This Povdered Soap TodaijTho Gfobe Soan fomnn' nnrfnn.itLiandni&C( -u(firiproiyecLJGriSTCGr .trCb 'a1 -75rQJcfiurBoneftit51 -invsiFar.U .3ac tmjoiO'0-3 it iBfcrrTiif it kv-"'"M FVeFOR our depositors withcheckingaccoiints,wchayc .installed this new system ofchecks known as theProtectuSystem, as an added impfovedservice. aTo combat the numerousfeuds caxisedbyxaising checks,this system enables you totear off your check at amountdesired like a money order Jthereby insuring the amountof check from being raisedshould it get lost, or falHntodishonest Lands.SMfD DAXTIT'tt.fe6&jrnj&C tZnmmmr t34:4PROTECTUGieck SysteiuIf you are considering opening achecking account, by afl means comein and see this additional imbrotodservice that we are giving free toall our customers.SQUALLY PRACTICAL FOR POCKET,DESK AND PAT RQLL USB) 1 Z i . t " ,. -. I , 1PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK& TRUST co:. i ,0 1 $.j. p fSf1 1u'&."V1X a fidi &scSa A-J5- -rIand ( ffiffl5va11WitJ- -V-t3-rr.Pi.V-FRIDAY, OCTOBSR 7, 1M1.PAGE EIGHTSfcr'i!ic: -ft ?$ hr ra tx ' -t r " -J2"" L . . fft ,& .-".et-M ? "jitters 3 jys Tt5i ' . - -c--'--1 r 4DTE MJM) THE TIMEWkei. These Things Happened In.I Paris, As Told in THENEWS' Eiles?of hemp on larm near Parife, delay-.efl by scarcitr jQMabar 5- -Trainload'3 of 2;400 -g6ese' passesthrough Paris over L. & N., en routefrom Mt Sterling, to Maysville, to hefattened for Boston' market.Bourbon's Model, one-year-oldBerkshire pig, owned by A. P. Shropshire, of Centerville, wins first prizeat the Ohio State Fair, the, Tennessee State Fair, Indiana State Fair,and al Blue Grass Fair.2:00 to 5:307 tOO to 10:30TBI BOURBON NEWS, PAB&; KSSTUCiIII! T ' I ' U .-Vr-Mr "mmmTtTrr-----rrr-trmTm'm'rmmm'mmmmm mUIAND1 1 (OPERA HOUSE ill 1v wVBi.M lfl- IDAYS OF AULD LANG SYNE(Fifteen Years Ago.)Jos. A. Howerton, of Paris, purchased 178 acre farm near BowlingGreen, for possession n December 1,1906.Chas. Penn fired three shots atWalker Muir m linioa.r. n;:ir Flanagan's saloon, none taking effoct.31nir disaxme;l Psuji, who ;us arrested and held to Circuit Courtvin$500 bond.Miss Margaret Ingels, formerly ofParis, and Rev. Clarence Miller, ofAmstralia, divinity student at Lexington, married m that city. Groomis also pastor of Christian churcii :ttWilliamsburg, Ky.Case of Commonwealth vs. CalebPowers- in the Geobel murder trjlal,ealled- at Georgetown and continuedto February term of Court.Court of Appeals affirmed judgment of , Bourbon Circuit Court infining city of Paris for operatingSeventh street quarry, which was declared a nuisance.J)ave Doty, clerk, en rojte homefrom street fair at 1:0 p. m., heldup by footpads, robbed, beaten andleft fu' dead. Taken home iusensiblc. Registration figures show total of1,088, Democrats 673, Republicans545, Democratic majority of 138.Attraction at the Paris GrandOpera House, Nixon and Zimmerman Opera Company, in "SimpleSimon," with all-star cast."Jolly Fellows" entertain witheotilloa at Elks' Hall. Music bySmittie's Band, of Cincinnati. Cotillon led by Owen L. Davis and MissOllie Butler.-"Citizen," in card in THE NEWS,condems Paris electric light systemand asks Mayor to have somethingdone to better it.John Willie Young and ClarenceKerr return from Memphis, Tenn.,where they purchased forty head ofShetland ponies, sired by the famous "Rob Roy."County School Superintendent F.li. McChesney reports largest attendance in history of the Paris andcounty schools.At meeting of the State Convention Daughters of Confederacy,Paris was selected as the next meeting place.Miss Ida Carter Naylor, formerlyof Paris, breaks both ankles in fallreceived at her home in Crawfordsville, IhdMisses Nancy Clay and Kate Alexander returned from trip abroad,accompanied by Mrs. James E. Clay!and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, who metthem, at New York.Annual Conference of the State D.A. R. scheduled to be held in Paris !on October 11. Citizens makingpreparations to entertain delegatesfrom nineteen Chapters.James Ward, confidence man, whopassed forged money orders on Parismerchants, arrested by Secret Service men at Piqua, Ohio, and takento Cincinnati for trial.Jean Jackson and Jim Mason,both colored, engaged in pistol duelin quarrel over game of craps atNorth Middletown. Alex Rce, colored, "innocent bystander," killedby one of the bullets. Jackson arrested. J. H. Haggard sold cottage onHoustpn avenue, occupied by C.Blackerby, to Mrs. Fannie Langston,or $2,000. Miss Mary Woodfordand Mrs. Ollie Steele sold 169-acrefarm to C. M. Clay and , Mrs. MariaBedford. Mrs. Maria Lyons letscontract for building $1,800 cottage'im yyinchester street.James E. Clay cutting 200 acres(Twenty Years Ago)Bismark Frank purchased HenryIsgrigg residence at corner of Highstreet and Broadway for ?4,uuu.George "Toad" Browner, citysalesman for Dow-Hayden GroceryCo., takes new position as travelingsalesman for large New York tobacco manufacturing concern.L. Joseph purchased of Bourboncounty farmers for the firm ofSchwartzchild & Sulzberger, of NewYork, five thousand head of fine fatcattle for export.John Campbell and Dan and AlexMcQuinn, former participants in theFrench and Eversole feud, engage incutting scrape at Clintonville. Allthree seriously wounded.Resolutions of respect to memoryof late President William McKinleyadopted by Rathbbne Lodge, K. ofP. bore names of resolution committee George D. Mitchell, E. B. Hedgesand A. J. Lovely, all now dead.Case of East Tennessee TelephoneCo., against E. C. Masters for defalcation, compromised by Masters' uncle making good the amount duethe Company. Mr. and Mrs. Mastersleave for Philadelphia.Registration in Paris, with a totalof 1,204, gave Democrats 677, Republicans 462 and non-committal,34.Wm. Hinton & Co. sell the Bourbon Steam Laundry plant to Sandusky & Co., of Indiana, who tookcharge October 5.Stable and laundry at BourbonCollege destroyed by fire. Fire department saved main building.Central Kentucky Oil,Co. organized at Paris, C. Arnsparger, secretary.Stock offered for sale at $10 pershare. Company has leases on 7,000 acres in Allen, Barren and Powell counties.Married At the home of bride'sparents, Dr. and Mrs. A. J. Alexander, in Woodford county, William E1.Simms, of Paris, and Miss Lucy Alexander. Miss Lucy B. Simms, ofParis, one of the bridesmaids, andN. Ford Brent one of the groomsmen. In Paris, John B. Redmon andMiss Annie Moore, of Highand, Ohio.Judge H. Clay Howard issuesstatement denying the report thathe will be the Republican candidate for State Senator againstDemocratic nominee Caswell Prewitt. Gideon Tucker, prominent Parisdry goods merchant, suicides byslashing throat with large pruningknife. Leaves widow and threechildren.THE NEWS advocates passage ofcurfew law, keeping girls and boysoff the streets at night. Boys createdisturbance at Grand Opera House.James E. Clay bought of JonasWeil twenty-five head of cattle at$25 per head; Joe Stuart purchasedsixteen head of 945-pound cattlefrom Frank Bedford at 3 centsper pound (compare the price now.)Catesby Woodford lost by death afine weanling colt by Sir Dixon-Kis-met.Attractions at the Paris GrandOpera House: 'The Girl From PortoRico," and "Casey's Wife." Note inTHE NEWS: "The Grand OperaHouse has installed a telephone inthe box office so that patrons can secure seats without having to cometo the house for that purpose."Chas. Adair sold 170-acre farm located on Townsend Creek to AmosLowe for $60 an acre, and moves toCalifornia. S. Hardin Lucas soldfarm of 125 acres located on Hillpike, near Paris, for $46.10 an acreto W. C. Shropshire.Mrs. Ella Hite, widow of John H.Hite, of the Paris True Kentuckian,discharged from a Lexington 'sanitarium as cured of brain affection.VAN HEUSEN COLLARPat. Jan. 22, 1918iiThe World's Smartest Collar""The Greatest 'IMPROVEMENT' in a Collar Ever MadeTHE COMFORT OF A SOFT COLLARTHE APPEARANCE OF A STARCHED COLLARIN ALL STYLES AND SHAPESCAN BE WASHED AT HOME LIKE AHANDKERCHIEFWill Not Shrink, Will Not Wrinkle, Will Not Wilt.No Starching, No Chemicals, No Artificial Starching,No Saw Edges. Will Look Like a Starched Collarthe Last Time Worn.Saves Your Laundry BillsSaves Your ShirtsSaves Your TiesDRESSY CONVENIENT ECONOMICALPRICE CO.Clothiers and f nrmshersTO-DAY, FRIDAYJustine JohnstoneINjj"Sheltered Daughters' Is your daughter a sheltered daughter? Do you keep her buried in books andin ignorance of the ugly side as weir asthe beautiful side of the great -world outside your h ome ? Do you realize that someday she will have to enter this world ofcruel reality, and that thenxthe plungemaybe too sudden? See the -powerfuldrama, "Sheltered Daughters," a picturethat every citizen of this community owesit to himself and family to attend.Also JUANITA HANSEN in"THE YELLOW ARM"And Snub Pollard Comedy"What a Whopper"Tomorrow, Saturday"The Great Day"A Hugh Ford ProductionWith Arthur BourchierA little group of human lives. Someloving some hating sinning aspiring.Caught in the clutch of circumstanceand whirled through amazing adventuresupward downward each to one GreatA story that glows with the rose tintof dawn. Actually filmed in England.France and the Alps.MONDAY AND TUESDAYOCTOBER 10th AND 11thWilliam S. HartINALSOA HANK MANN COMEDY"The Jazz Janitor""The TetingBlock"A romance of life on the redwoodslopes, in the days of bandits and gold.Seething with thrills and the stuggleof strong men.Tender with love and home and childhood. The greatest heart picture Heart ever made.ADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR f AX, 20cMATRIMONIALThe following invitation hasbeen received by friends in this city:"Mr. and Mrs. Joseph L. Shacklefordrequest the honor of your presenceat the marriage of their daughter,AlicetoMr. Charles Embry Luther,onSaturday evening, October twentysecond nineteen hundred and twenty-oneat half after seven o'clockGrace Episcopal Church,Haddonfield, New Jersey."CAYWOOD FEEBACKMatthew Feeback and MissJewell Caywood, both twenty yearsold, were married Wednesday afternoon at four o'clock at the home ofthe officiating minister, Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Christianchurch. The bridegroom is a son ofW. L. Feeback, of near Carlisle, andthe bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. E. W. Caywood, of Bourboncounty. They will reside at thehome of the groom, near Carlisle.The bride found it necessary to makea special trip to her home near Parisin order to secure the necessary permission to secure a marriage license,and made several unsuccessful attemps to find a minister at home before finding Rev. Ellis.SEED WHEAT EOR' SALEBIRTHSMr. and Mrs. F. D. Elmore, ofFork Ridge, Tenn., are acknowledging congratulations upon the arrivalof a son, born on September 22,named James William Elmore.Mrs. 'Elmore before her marriagewas Miss Amelia Wind, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. Wind, of NorthMiddletown.oFOR SALETWO NEW HOUSES AND LOTS,LOCATED ON CLIFTON AVENUE,EACH CONTAINING 7 ROOMS, 2HALLS, BATH, FRONT AND BACKPORCH AND PANTRY.CONCRETE FOUNDATION ANDASPHALT, SHINGLE ROOF.INSIDE PAINTING NOW BEINGDONE.POSSESSION CAN BE GIVENABOUT OCTOBER 1ST.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,M. PEALE COLLIER, MGR.(sept27-tf)BOURBON NURSERIES, CORNER LEXINGTON ANDBETHLEHEM PISES.MEINERTZ & HARPER,PROPRIETORS.As we understand it, PresidentHarding's position is no more doughfor the ex-dough boys.ORDERS COMMISSION PAIDIn the County Court the case ofChas. P. Mann vs. T. J. Woodhall,the jury returned a verdict in favorof the defendant. The suit was fora commission of $50 for the allegedsale of a piece of property on theBethlehem pike, which was purchased in 1919 by Roy Clendenin, whileMr. Mann was ill.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars- WashedBEARDED FULTZ SEED WHEAT,PHONE, CUMBERLAND 540NIGHT, 997 DAY. OLD R. 3.HUTCHCRAPT ELEVATOR STAND.COLLIER BROS.DEATHSMITCHELL. jMrs. William Mitchell, agedseventy-five, died recently in Win- IChester. Mrs. Mitchell was the wifeof Mr. Wm. Mitchell, who for several years conducted a clothing andshoe business in Paris, in the build?ing now occupied by the Hamiltonpool room. She is survived by herhusband, one son and one daughter.The funeral and interment tookplace in Winchester.N.HUFFSTETTER'Mrs. Fred Huffstetter, of Carlisle, who was a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,Xor several weeks, died at her homein Carlisle, Tuesday night. She issurvived by her husband, one son,one brother and one sister. Thefuneral will be held at the familyhome this morning, with servicesconducted by Rev. Frank M. Tinder,pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church. The intermentwill take place in the Carlisle Cemetery.BLAKE.Omar B. Blake, nine-year-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. Marion D. Blake.died at the home of his parents, onWest Eighth street Tuesday morning, following a protracted illness.The funeral was held at the familyhome Wednesday afternoon at threeo'clock, with services conducted byRev. C. H. Greer, pastor of the ParisMethodist church.The body was taken to Sharpsburgfor interment in, the SharpsburgCemetery yesterday morning at noon.Besides his parents, he is survivedby one sister, Sadie, aged twelve.PETREEMr. Claude Petree, of Paris, received a message Wednesday tellingof the death in a St. Joseph, Mo.,hospital, of his mother, Mrs. MaryEarl Petree, aged eighty-three, formerly of this city. Mrs. Petree issurvived by five sons and two daughters. Dr. Martha Petree, of Paris,her daughter, was at her mother'sbedside when the end came.The funeral was held yesterdayafternoon at the residence of lkerson, J. Frank Petree, in Oregon, Mo.,the burial following in the OregonCemetery. -oThey named it the Pacific oceanbefore Jayan began buiUing a-aavy.WONDERFULSHOE VALUES!Newest Fall Shoes and Oxfords of the highest quality at prices that defy competition. Buy here this week and you are sure of getting better styles, betterqualities, at one-third less price.nLadies' Fewest Fall Tan Lace Boots, Englishlace styles, a $6.00 value atS3.95Ladies' $8.00 newest fancy Satin Strap Slippers, on sale atS4.95Men's Newest Mahogany Brogue EnglishLoce Shoes, values to $8.00, on sale atS4.95Men's Newest Tan and Gun Metal Shoes,values to $7.00, on sale atS3.49Boys' and Girls' School ShoesBetter Shoes For Less MoneyIt Pays to Buy at This Economy StorefiExtraordinary offering Misses' and Children's $3.00 School Shoes, all size 9 up to 2,on sale atS1.99Misses' $4.00 Tan Lace Boots, English andFootform lasts, sale price$2.49Men's $3.00 and $4,00 Tan Heavy WorkShoei that will give real service, sale price$1.99Boys'. Youths' and Little Gents' Scout Shoes, an ideal school -4shoe for rough wear. On sale at lWWDAN COHENParis1 Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty ami Ecooony RcifnisyM--tV - v'V. t f , -v. 4- " -