TV. y-s- u, P?-.V9T-te . Y e :- j& fcfec.-oteWK WiiNEWSAi .Vf j. wf.-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.-r&VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1921BOURBONii 'Lib1 flEV30KEBON COUNTY TAX STATISTICSMrs. Walter Clark, Bourbon County Tax Commissioner, is in receiptof a letter from Mr. Rainey T. Wells,of the Kentucky State Tax Commission, at Frankfort, setting forth indetail the tax situation in the Stategiving at length a table of valuablestatistics concerning property andproperty valuations in Bourboncounty. The letter says, in part:"In view of the history of theassessment of property in this Statethe conditions existing within thepast few years, and the importanceof aecuring a full, accurate and uniform assessment this year, we arewriting this letter to you, and a similar letter to every Tax Commissioner in the State, for the purpose ofgiving some general information applicable to the whole State, and particularly to your county, as comparedwith' the others having like values.We have given sufficient research,thought and consideration to thesuggestions herein that we believethey are worthy of your careful consideration at this time."The letter is too lengthy to beprinted in this issue, owing to thecrowded condition of our advertisingcolumns, but we reproduce the tableof statistics, which will prove a valuable" reference to anyone who caresto preserve it:Bank Deposits Assessments1917 -$11,177,196; 1921, $284,161,828; Percentage of increase 1917 to1921, 2,443.3; Taxes paid to State,1917, $61,474.58; 1921, $284,151.83; Percentage of increase or deccrease in taxes, 1917 to 1921, 362.2.Intangibles Assessments 1917,$68,750,880; 1921, $308,418,571;Percentage of increase 1917 to 1921,348.6; Taxes paid to State, 1917,$378,129.84; 1921, $1,233,674.28;Percentages of increase or decreasein taxes, 1917 to 1921, 226.2.Lands Assessment, 1917 $391,694,806; 1921, $735,804,734; Percentage of increase 1917 to 1921,87.S; Taxes paid to State, 1917, $2,154,321.43; 1921, $2,943,218.93;Percentage of increase or decrease intaxes, 1917 to 1921, 36.6."Town Lots Assessments, 1917$322,140,632; 1921, $408,060,394Percentage of increase 1917 to 1921,26.6; Taxes paid to State, 1917, $1,771,773.48; 1921, $1,632,241.57;Percentage of increase or decrease,in taxes 1917 to 1921, 7.8.T-.ivA stock Assessments, 1917S5R.091.732: 1921,$86,020,371;Percentage of increase 1917 to 1921,53.3; Taxes paid to State, iJ.,$308,504.32; 1921, $86,020.37; Percentage of increase or decrease in'taxes, 1917 to 1921, 72.1.Tangible Personalty Assessments1917 $72,601,235; 1921, $326,149,729; Percentage of increase 1917 to1921, 349?2; Taxes paid to State,U917, .$399,306.99; 1921, $1,304,o 9 8.91; Percentage of increase or decrease in taxes 1917 to 1921, 226.7.VOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.lllllMillll'lHMMIIHFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSiBig Reductionson all :r SummerMerchandiseSuitsDressesSkirtsWaists"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSI IIIWK. OF C. PICHIC A BIG SUCCESS.:All roads led to 'Paris, Monday,the "Glorious Fourth," and they werewell-traveled Toads, too, being takenup with vehicles of all kinds boundfor the big Fourth of July picnicgiven by P. L McCarthy Council,Knights of Columbus.The picnic grounds, the ForrestLetton woodland on the Lexington!road, near Paris, was an admirableplace for the occasion, affording thepicnicers a beautiful and cool placein which to pass the day. 4 All kindsof amusements were there for thepleasure-seekers, who took advantageof their half -holiday to extract all theenjoyment possible from whateverpresented itself in the way of amusement. Besides the splendid program,which embraced a variety of enjoyable features, with music by the celebrated Boys' Band of the Odd Fellows' Home, at Lexington, the daywas featured with an able and eloquent address 'by Hon. Charles H.Purdy, of Covington, whose theme,"The Spirit of Freedpm," ,was handled patriotically, and most convincingly. It would be hard to pick outthe most enjoyable feature of the day,and we can best express the situationin words of a well-known Parisian,who, after his return, said: "Well,dem Knights has put up many finethings, but, take it from me, youngfeller, dis picnic wuz whut the doctors ordered, and it wuz de greatestever."A greased pig led several hundredchildren a merry chase over an areaof several acres, and was finallycaptured by Charley SpeakeS, a fourteen-year-oldboy of near Paris. Thefun was fast and furious, and wasenjoyed by the big crowd of spectators, as well as by the participantsin the chase.MR. PARHISH ACCEPTS CALI FORMAYOR.TO THE VOTERS ANDERS:TAXPAY-Replying to the call I in THEBOURBON NEWS of July 5, I desireto say that I have some knowledgeof the duties and responsibilities ofa Mayor of the City of Paris, and ifelected, I promise to give the dutiesof the office my best efforts, andwith the aid of our citizens I hope tooe successtui.X am nut uuuiiuuiui uj. Liit; iiuiiuiof this call and I thank my friendsfor it, and hereby consent to standfor the Democratic nomination.Yours truly,- D.-G.'PARRISKL-.Paris, Ky., July 5, 1921.WOOL!WE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL. HAVE PLENTY OF NEWSACKS AND TWINE.(22apl-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.' ! "M4"M'4'4"M"M4 M M 'IM MMIIIIIIMIMIIHV -n T 5 CI msv TTTrrnn p-r.-trrwimVKT !JX. VJC JT. O J.U 'VJLDIJL JLtiAiJ)ilTXUX4HOME SUNDAYMembers "6f Rathbone Lodge, K. ofP., and A. J. Lovely Co., No. 34,Uniform Rank of the order, will paytheir annual pilgrimage to the K. ofP. Home at Lexington, next Sunday, July 10, an event always lookedforward to eagerly by members of theorder and their friends.A special interurban car will leavethe Fifth 'street sation in this cityabout 9:15 Sunday morning, to carrythe outing party to the Home. Thefare has been placed at $1.00 for theiround trip. Returning the car willleavte Lexington at a convenienthoXir for all who may attend, or theymay return on any other car. 'A basket dinner will be servejl,and all are requested to bringvibasket of edibles with them, to bespread on the lawn at the Home ata noonday picnic luncheon.The children of the Home will render a musical program, and severalhigh officials of the order will deliver short talks. Let every memberand friend of the order attend thisouting and give the new Supertaxtendent, and his excellent wife, Mrj?and Mrs. Jasper Ecklar, a heartywelcome to the Home. They wereformerly superintendent and matrofyof the Odd Fellows' Home, at Lexington, and are capable and competent.Persons not members of the K. ofP. order can go on this special carat the same rate. It is worth theprice to visit the Home and spend aday on the beautiful grounds. Getready to go, and don't forget to takea wellnlled basket along with you.CHAUTAUQUA CANVASSERSSix team captains selected Fridayto conduct a canvass of the city inthe interest of the Chautauqua inParis, took the field Tuesday, incharge of workers. The teams wereassigned to different parts of thecity and conducting an activecanvass in the movement.The canvass closed last night, andthe Chautauqua will open to-day.The team captains in charge of thecanvass were Mrs. Harry O. James,Mrs. Withers Davis, Miss ClaraBacon, Mrs. Hiram S. Redmon, MissMiss Olivia Orr and Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland.oATTENTION AUTO OWNERSHave that dent taken out of yourcar it looks bad. Have that old topdressed.Old tops, curtains, chusions andbodies repaired. We. put glass in curtains and new tops made complete.Curtains open withr the doors likeclosed carr f Jiz! FNothing but first-class materialused and all work guaranteed. Quickservice and reasonable prices.C. S. Ball Garage.J. E. JONES, Workman.SHOE STORES TO CLOSE EARLY.Paris shoe stores have taken theinitiative in a five-clock closingplan, which went into effect Tuesday. According to an agreemententered into by B. Friedman, DavidFeld, Posner Bros, and Harry Linville, their store will be closed atfive o'clock in the afternoon duringJuly and August, and at 10:00 p.m. on Saturday. Other merchantsare considering inaugurating theearly closing plan for the remainderof the summer, a handsome concession to their employes that is verycommendable. ;ATTENTION, FARMERS!BEAR IN MND THE SCARCITYAND HIGH PRICES OF COAL PREVALENT DURING THE LAST SEVERAL WINTERS, AND LAY INYOUR SUPPLY NOW, WHILE YOUCAN GET HIGHEST GRADES OFCOAL AT COMPARATIVELY LOWPRICES. WHY NOT TAKE BACKA LOAD OF OUR GOOD COALWHEN YOUR WAGON IS HAULINGWHEAT TO TOWN?(1-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.VOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.INJURED IN COLLISIONWhile driving his machine onSouth Main street Monday morning,en route to the Knights of Columbuspicnic in the Letton woodland, Wm.Kane, of the firm of Kane Bros.,contracting painter, collided with atelephone pole on the side of theroad. Mr. Kane in endeavoring toavoid a collision with another machine, steered his machine too closeto the pole, striking it with suchforce that he was thrown out. Hesustained painful cuts and bruises,but was not dangerously hurt. Hiscar was damaged. Mr. Kane wastaken home and given medical attention. He was reported yesterdayas resting comfortably.The accident occurred at a timewhen the roads were congestedwith vehicular traffic, going to andfrom the picnic.oKEEP COOL.Automatic, Progress and LeonardRefrigerators at Big Reductions forcash.THE J. T. HINTON CO.NEGROES LOSE OUTComplete returns from municipal'election, at Jacksonville, Florida,showed that the six negro candidatesseeking places in the City Councilwere overwhelmingly defeated. Itwas the first time negroes had boughtpublic office there in many years.SCHOOL TEACHERS ASSIGNEDAt a meetins: of tti "Rnnrhrm rmin,ty Board of Education, held in the"mce ot Superintendent of Schools J.B. Caywood, in the court house,teachers were assigned to the schoolsof the county as follows:Center-Hill Kittie Burberry andAllie McLeod; Clay's Cross RoadsSusie Clay; Houston Mrs. BirdieClay Webb; Ford's Mill ElizabethClayton; Palmer Nora Hutson; Kiserton Minnie Kiser; Shawhan Isabel Merrimee; Ruddles Mills OsaLowe; Eales Thelma Squires; Mcllvaine Mrs. Mary Boston; ColvilleMrs. J. A. Bowers; Purdy GraceKiser; Millersburg Prof. J. W. Lancaster, Russell Jones, Jessie Crisp,Elizabeth Rice, Hezel Kerr, Mrs.Frank Bedford and Nannie Clark;Tarr Lina Crowe; Deaver EdithHarper; Letton Bessie Wright; Burris Mrs. W. B. Wasson; Spears MillsDorcas Williams; Stony PointThelma Williams; Escondida SallieSquires; Clintonville Ellen T. Alexander and Mrs. Ernest Darnaby;Bethlehem Marietta Bell; DudleyElizabeth Darnall; Hutchison JuliaMargaret Calnan; Monterey Prof.Humphreys.Colored Centerville HowardBuckner; Currentaville LouiseEvans; Ruddles Mills ElizabethBarker; Millersburg Lizzie Brownand Georgia Dinwiddie; North Middletown Charles and Nora Brandand Emma Butler; Clintonville Sidney. Harrison; Sidsville EvelynMark; Amentsville George Johnson;Brentsville and Little Rock No selection. ONE THOUSAND MILE RIVERTRIP.An ideal summer outing about themiddle of August up the beautifulOhio Valley, by steamboat. Matchless in scenic grandeur, somethingto make more complete an education,or to bring you in close touch withthe marvelous magnitude of creation, and itself, and the wonderfulresults of artificial construction isunfolded as each mile is passed by.Lack of space denies us the privilege of giving a more detailed andvivid summary of the trip offered you,making stops at all the larger towns,such as Maysville, Portsmouth, O.,Ashland, Huntington, Pt. Pleasant,Marietta, Wheeling, Parkersburg,and on to Pittsburg, Pa., with a fullday at Pittsburg six days of absolute rest with good board and nice,clean beds and rooms $30.00 for theround trip. Cheaper than you canstay at home.Only a limited number taken, somake reservations early. For fur-32rer particulars, and full information, seeS. E. BORLAND, Paris, Ky.HOT WEATHER DONT'SCity Health Officer A. H. Kellergives THE NEWS the following suggestions which he advises citizens ofParis to observe during the presentperiod of extreme heat:"Eat as little as possible; Don't eatarticles of food that are hard to digest; Don't let your appetite get thebest of vou: Bathe often so as' tokeep the pores clean and the bodyhealthy; Don't drink extremely coldice water, or too much water afterbeing overheated; Don't try to domore than you have to and avoid toomuch physical exerci&e; Keep cool, bepatient and don't worry."If these precautions are followed,there should be very little trouble,very few heat prostrations, ptomaine noisoning or other sicknesstraced to the excessive heat, Dr. Keller saia.TOBACCO TTATT, INSURANCE.McCLURE & DONALDSON. AOTS.URST NATIONAL BANK BLDG..(l-tf)o rBLACKBERRIES! BY THEBUCKETIf you want blackberries you hadbetter place your order with us now.They will be filled in the order thatthey are received.C. P. COOK & CO.BASE BALL NOTESThe Paris Ruggles team defeatedthe Mammoth Garage team of Lexington, in the game played on the Second street grounds Monday. The scorestood 14 to 13 in favor of the Paristeam. For Paris Caywood pitched excellent ball, putting them over wherethey were not wanted, and receivingfine support from his team mates inthe infield and outfield.The Paris Ruggles team will journey to Winchester to-morrow, wherethey will meet the Hustlers of thatcity in a game which they expect totake. The Ruggles team has been going good lately, and the fans who goto Winchester to-morrow are sure tobe loyal to the home team.The Paris Ruggles team will playthe United Clothing Co. team fromLexington on the Second streetgrounds Sunday afternoon. The gamewill be called at 2:30 o'clock. Thebatteries for the Sunday game havenot been announced, but Paris willhave a capable bunch playing everyposition. The team has regained confledence, and working in thoroughharmony with the determination ofwinning.oCHAUTAUQUA AT N. M. TOWNThe North Middletown Chautauquawill begin on Wednesday, July 20,and 'Will continue five days. The attractions to be presented during thisiengagement are of the highest order.Preparations are under way for entertaining the large crowds expectedin attendance.MATRIMONIAL.HILL CUNNINGHAM.George Clay Cunninsrham.son of Current Cunnineham nf npnr3!n' ?nTd Mis Kae Lee Hill,m.&cCA ui. ueaae niu, oi near aris,cured a marriage license in Cyn-J?nt MondaJ and were marriedtPr t?oV3 r a omciams minis-iter, Rev. P. F. Adams, in Millers-Durg.MOSES WINTERSThe marriage of Mr. BarnettWinters, son of Mrs. Fannie B. Win-f;fh.rif;oaAnS?!fi Jf?& t wm "";.' YIUIC1&.' 1U- . .wmtio vu. jcwenjr uusmess in.this city, to Miss Marie Irene Moses,an attractive young woman of thatcity, was solemnized at the LafayetteHotel, in Lexington, at noon Wednesday. The ceremony was performed byRabbi Samuel Kaplan, of Meridian,Miss., and was witnessed by only themembers of the families, owing toillness in the family of the bride.The attendants were J. B. Helburn,of Eminence, a cousin of the bride,and Miss Caryl Miller, of Lexington.The bride was given in marriageby her uncle, Mr. Wm. Moses; hersister, Mrs. Benjamin Ross, was themaid of honor; and Mr. I. B. Helburn, of Eminence, Ky., the bestman.The bride was beautiful in a gownof white organdie and her bouquetwas of white roses. The matron ofhonor wore white canton crepe andcarried pink roses; the maid of honorwas in apricot organdie and her flowers were Ward roses.After the ceremony and congratulations the wedding feast was served. Later the bride and bridegroomleft for a trip to Chicago. They willbe at home in Paris where they willgo to housekeeping.The bride is unusually talentedand popular. She was a student ofthe University of Kentucky for twoyears and is a member of the DeltaSigma Tau Sorority, president of theLexington chapter.Mr. Winters is a successful youngbusiness . man of Paris. During theworld war he was at the KentuckyUniversity as an S. A. T. C. Theywere remembered with many handsome gifts and begin life togetherwith brightest prospects and the bestwishes of all.The guests were received by thebride's aunt, Miss Lena Moses, andMrs. A. J. Winters, of Paris, motherof the bridegroom. Miss Moses wascharming in a gown of gray cantoncrepe and Mrs. Winters was gownedin ecrue canton crepe.Among the guests at the weddingwere: Rabbi and Mrs. Kaplan, ofMeridian, Miss., Mr. and Mrs. JacobSlaughter, of Eminence, Mrs. A. J.Winters, of Paris, Mr. and Mrs. BenBaer and Mrs. C-has. Coan, of Cincinnati, Mr. Moses, Miss Moses, Mr.and Mrs. I. J. Miller, Mr. and Mrs.L. K. Frankel, Jas. Frankel, Mr., andMrs. A. E. Hammel, Mr. and Mrs.Benjamin Roos, Miss Caryl Miller.LODGE NOTES.At a meeting of Bourbon Lodge, I.O. O. F., Monday night the followingefficers elected recently, were duly installed, after reading of reports:Past Noble Grand Sherwood Williams; Noble Grand Chas. E. Farie.3,Vice-Grand Edgar Dodge; Recording Secretary William E. Lail; Financial Secretary Wm. Bowling;Treasurer Homer D. Shy; ChaplainS. W. Shiveley; Warden ThomasSadler; Conductor James T. Hill;Right Scene Supporter to NobleGrand Arch Bedford; Right Supporter to Vice-Grand Ernest Martin: Left Supporter to Vice-GrandWilliam Sadler; Inner Guard Kenney Kiser; Outer Guard CharlesW Fothergill; Widows' and Orphans'Committee S. W. Shively, P. J. McCord, A. L. Burley; Hall CommitteeE. B. January, chairman, W. S. Chisholm, Arch Bedford; Finance Committee A. A. Pogue, Arch Bedford,A. L. Burley.At the conclusion of the installation of officers and the reading of reports a social hour followed, duringwhich refreshments were served. Thiswill continue each meeting night during heated spell.oAUCTION SATURDAYDON'T FORGET TO ATTEND THEAUCTION OP GROCERIES AT W. N.DEERING & SON'S ALL DAY SATURDAY. oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSThe Bourbon Lumber Co. sold recer.tlv to Mr. and Mrs. Carl Schrotea modern frame bungalow, located ion Fithian avenue, in White Addition, at a price not given out for(publication. Mr. and Mrs. Schrote'will move to the property to reside.Mr. Shrote is an expert auto mechanic in the employ of the C. S.Ball Garage, in Paris. ;o .ASK PARDON TOR AGED EDUCA-!TOR IA petition to Governor Morrow,asking for the pardon of Prof. T. B.Threlkeld, of Nicholasville, sentenced to life imprisonment in the Frankfort Reformatory for the murder ofyoung Denman, has been in circulation in Paris for several days.The petition has been numerouslysigned by Paris citizens, who havebecome deeply interested in the-caseI of the aged educator, wh.has manyincuiwuci.-. . iALL PAPEBS INI Wednesday night saw the expira-tion of the time limit in which can-didates desirous of offering their services to their country could makeand file their official declaration and21, ' notification papers, as required byTawAs a result the lists are nowfull and ready for certification forrplacing on the official ballot for thaprimary election.A full county and city ticket hapeen "declared" by these papers anit is now up to the voters to tak,'Lueir cnoice in tne primary. Good!men are essential in all county anHtcity offices. Let each voter consult,his own conscience and vote for theman or men whom he believes willbest represent the highest type oficmzensnip and upnold the cherished'traditions of a democratic formgovernment, pure and undefiled.otIn this issue appears the following new announcements, some oilwhom "declared" at the last momentFor Magistrate from the Paris precinct Frank P. Lowry; for Councilmen from First Ward John JChristman, John J. Williams andJames W. Connell; Second WardFrank P. Kiser, Bernard J. Santen:and Catesby Spears; Third WardJ. T. Tucker and Claude F. Redmon.Since the last issue of THE NEWSthe names of James Tarr Jefferson,,of Millersburg, for Magistrate, and!Earl Fleming, of Little Rock, forCircuit Clerk, have been added to thelist of Republican candidates whoI have filed their papers.COAL.PROTECT YOURSELP HIOXPROBABLE COAL SHORTAGEAGAIN THIS WINTER BY LAYING IN YOUR SUPPLY HOW,WHILE YOU CAN GET BESTQUALITY AT PRICES WHICH MATBE LOWER NOW THAN THEYWILL BE WHEN COLD WEATHERARRIVES.(l-tf) CHAS. SL BRENT & BRO.CONSUMERS PAY BANKPending a decision of the injunction suits filed by citizens of Parisagainst ' the Paris Water Company,to determine a fair rate for waterservice, the consumers who paid theirlast quarterly payment to the Peoples-DepositBank, as trustee are doing so again, in order that the injunction suits may remain in force.The injunction cases will probablybe heard and decided at the nextterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court.PAT CATTLE SHIPPEDThe first carload of fat cattle tobe shipped from Bourbon county forseveral months was sent out thisweek by Julian Rogers, the consignment going to the Eastern markets;The animals were choice specimensof Bourbon county product and wereshipped to the Nagle Packing Company, in New York City.We Know HowCOOLandRefreshing!No, It Isn't a Drink, Butan Easy, BreezyPalm BeachSuitAnd you want that feelingthat comes only from beingcomfortable.Before you start on thatvacation trip, come in and select your neeas irom ourstock ofWardrobe TrunksHand BagsSuit Casesin fact, anything youneed on a vacation trip.mayMITCHELL &BLAKEMOREmIX,V:t-fit..i?.ifflf AGE TWOHOE BOURBON NEWS, PAftIS, KENTUCKYTHE BOURBON NEWSIstabtt fed 1811-40 Years of Con' tinuous PublicationuUkked Every Tuesday and FridayBex Ttr. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWOT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.CBfttsred at the Paris, Kentucky,Pttttce as Mail Matter of thsSets&d Class.)OUX FOEEIOT EEPBESENTATiyES. Hew York American Press Amosjttigi 'fSaeo Lord & Thomas.PkilaSelfhia N. W. Ayers & Son.AtkntaHauengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blame-Thomjfeon Co.IiisviHeIiOwman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 11.00 perisok fsr first time; 50 cents per Inch& subsequent insertionReeding Notices, 10 cents per line9BOA : issue; reeding notices in blacktype, 3? cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candiiletee,. obituaries and resolutions, andaaxnilaiTmatter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseaiiwts'.mnd yearly contracts.rae'right of publisher is reseiveddisUs any advertlsememt or otherasatter for publication. 'Aiuseunoemedts for political officestust intariably be accompanied byife cash. "Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwhich, may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.EDITORIAL FLINGS OF THIS.THAT.EN 'TOTHERThe stylish girls of Paris can wearrolled-down stockings, and it is allright and proper, but if a Paris manwere to appear on the streets withhis breeches legs rolled up to hisknees he would be pinched by thepolice, and a physician called to examine his head.Now that blackberries are ripe,many persons can understand whythat L. & N. railroad engineer called his locomotive "Chigger," observing that for size and weight it coulddo more than anything he had seen.The stylish girls of Paris can wearWhen the blue laws are put on thestatute books, you will be allowed toramble in the afternoon on Sunday,if you attended church in the morning along the concrete pikes wherethere is no shade, as a punishmentfor- having kissed your wife beforeyou went to church.We decline to join in the clamoragainst the alleged shocking conductof Chicago girls who have inaugurated bathing without bathingsuits. The dears wear beach shoesto protect their feet, andwhen a Chicago girl is shod she is fully fourfifths clothed.If some of the would-be reformerswho are so much interested in thewelfare of the common people aboutbeing humbugged paid taxes on theirbrains they would have good groundsto bring suit against the State andget damages for paying on somethingthey never had.4A writer in a recent issue of a popular magazine declraes that everyonenowadays who is of the class thattreads and thinks is busy washingdishes, babies and cheap automobiles.What is read by these so-occupiedmay be pure and uplifting,but whatthey think is merely profane andmore or less relieving.A gentleman in this city remarkedthe other day that there were threethings in this world no one couldgive him an automobile, a phonograpk and a farm. He said that hehad owned them all and the troublethey had put him to was responsiblefor his gray hairs. He is a marriedman, and we are astonished thatthese luxuries would annoy himmore than friend "wife.We all know what the Fourth ofJuly spirit is and we all know thethrobbing sentiments it inspires, butwhat a fine thing it would be if, instead of reserving that spirit and thatthrob for this one day, we were tocarry them around with us every dayand let them accompany us on ourdaily walks. No more than religionwas made for Sundays only are patriotism and the sense of association inthe country's destiny intended for theFourth.CHANGES, IN SWIKMIKG SCHED-t '. ULE AT "Y"&:Several important changes havebeen made in the swimming scheduleof fio vtvt n &The women's classes have beenchanged from Thursday to Fridayand one additional class added. Themen's schedule is as follows:1. Business and Professional men,daily, 5 to 6 p7 m.2 Young men, 18 to 25, Monday,Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday,8:30 p. m.3. Boys' High School during thesummer," come with groups 1, 2, 5or 6.Employed Boys, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday, 7:30p. m.Midgets, 14 to 16, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday, 4:00p. m. ,Younger boys, 10 to 13, Mondayand Wednesday, 2:30 p. m. and Saturday, lb: 00' a. m.Girls, Tuesday, and Friday, 2:30p. m. rWomen, Tuesday and Friday, 3:30p. HI.Women, Tuesday and Friday, 7:30p. m.oFIRE DESTROYS BARN AT HARRODSBURG. The large tobacco barn of M. C.Meenach was destroyed by fire of undetermined origin. A large numberof farm implements and machinery, asmall touring car and one calf weredestroyed. A corn crib with 100barrels of corn and a stripping roomand several tons of. hay were alsoburned. There was $800 insuranceon the Tarn and a few hundred onthe car.Fire, Wild: and lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD t BRYANJULY BUGOLOGY.Picture the harassed editor gasping for breath and inspiration. Whatshall we" write about July?Copy 'for the current issue is allup all, that is, but this spasm, andanon the telephone bell will jingleand an uncouth voice will whisperinto our shell-like ear "When theblankety blank is the rest o' that copycoming over?" For printers, be itknown, have no sympathy for genius,least all for the sort represented byeditors."What can we write about July?("Boy bring the ice water and pageLongfellow".) Phew it's hot! In thepast we have written of roses; bridesand sweet girl graduates have beensimilarly exploited by others of ourspecies ad infinitum and also adnauseam. This time, therefore, wemust do something different and allthat's left is BUGS. Well, why not- why not a thesis on bugs?There are bugs and bugs. As weinterpret it, this expressive and typically American bit of slang when applied to an individual denotes theultra-enthusiast the man who putshis Heart and Soul into the creationof an Ideal and his entire Will Powerinto its attainment. We're all bugsat heart you and I and HenryFord! Abe Lincoln was a "bug" tooand so is Babe Ruth! In fact thehistory of our country's greatestachievements is a tense record of"Bug-power." So here's to the "bug"at work and play May he never recover !COLORED MAN DROPS DEAD ONSTREET.The Mt. Sterling Advocate says:"Harrison' Rogers, colored, who liveson the Maysville pike, but who israisiag a crop on the Will Clay farm. Stoner, in Bourbon county, dropped 4ead on the streets in this citybelow Pete Hensley's Tuesday afternoon. He came to town in apparently good health and the cause ofhis sudden" death in unknown.""WHO SPEAKS FOR THE ADMINISTRATION ?"In his speech opposin'g the PorterPeace Resolution, Mr. Barkley (Dem.Ky.) after quoting President Harding, Secretaries Hughes and Hoover,Senator Lodge and Ambassador Harvey and calling attention to the conflict of opinion among them; wongenerous applause when he said:"Who speaks for this administration? Is it President Harding? Tsit Hughes? Is it. Hoover? Is itLodge? Is it Knox? Is it Porter?It it Harvey? The American peopleare disposed to be patient and longsuffering, but they would like tohear some responsible voice on thisgreat subject. It has been sixmonths since the election and morethan three since the 4th of March.If it is proposed to ratify the Versailles treaty, why has it not beenresubmitted to the Senate? If it isproposed to negotiate a new and separate treaty with Germany, why hasit not begun? The American neonlewant peace. We all want friendlyrelations with Germany. But theAmerican people want an honorableand upright peace, a peace whichour fighting men won on land andsea, a peace that will restore our beloved nation to its proper place mthe vanguard of nations, a peacewhich will leave no stain of cowardice or betrayal upon our fairescutcheon."WOMAN11TFOR HER BREATHAshland Resident Suffered AgoniesBut Is Now In Perfect Health."I used to smile when I heard people praising Tanlac to the skies, forI thought, it-was 'an exaggerationibut I nowknow that it does whatthey say it will do," said Mrs. Chas.'Ground, 111 Fifteenth street, Ashland, Ky., ' x"I don't believe anybody ever suffered any more than I did frpm indigestion, and after every meal I hada heavy feeling 4n theT.pit pf mystomach and smothering sensation inmy chest, and,mheart would palpitate like it wanted to jump out. of mybody. I 'believe I suffered more atnight than at any other times, andwould often have to get up out ofbed and walk the floor just fightingfor breath. My kidneys bothered mea great deal and I had a constantnagging pain in my back and sides. Ialso had terrible headaches at timesand every few days I had to take alaxative."It certainly was wonderful theway Tanlac brought me out and ridme of all my troubles. I feel justlike a different women now, have asplendid appetite and no matter'what I eat I never have any bad after effects. My kidneys have quitbothering me, the pains have goneout of my back and sides and I don'thave headaches any more.f I do nothave any further need of' laxatives,either, and I sleep sound and wakeup in the morning feeling bright andcheerful and I feel that way all daylong. From now on, Tanlac is mystand-by." (adv)PARIS TO GET THE BURLEYPLAN " yPreliminary work on forming alocal organization committee inBourbon qoun ty for the proposed cooperative Marketing Association willbe taken at" a meeting' to be heldto-morrow (Saturday)' afternoon inthe court house, at 2:30 o'clockSomuel Clay, of near Paris, Chairman of the local committee, will preside. Joseph Passonneau, organization manager, and James C. Stone,vice-chairman of the organizationtrcommitter will deliver an addressexplaining .-the aimSj and objects ofi-the association TlHs meeting is in' pursuanceof tKe committee's policyin organizing the central counties ofthe Bufleip tobacco belt before extending the campaign to the bordersection.The government is making a liquidfuel from straw. The campaign kindshould produce an extremely volatileFRIDAY, JULY 8, 121. TFirst Class CoalWe carry a supply of first-claw,coal at all times.We will deliver by truck to anypart of the country at very reasonable prices.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON,Paris, Ky.'"E. T. Phone 711.Home Phone 510.(F-tf)OLD LEAKY ROOFSCan be svd and xaadQleakpxoqf withSUPERLASTICROOF COATINGManufacturers Direct to Consumer,Brushes rrea.INTERNATIONAL COATINGS CO.C49 S. Second St. Louisville, Ky.r"ir5ljt' vtu .wi M;mu nPlants For SaleCelery plants for sale. All varieties. MRS. WM. SAUER,Cumb. 'Phone 174.(5-2t)Health Board NoticeIt is strongly urged upon the citizens of this community to boil allwater whether it be from cistern,well, spring or hydrant which is tobe used for drinking or domestic purposes. This is an annual precautionary means to avoid water-bornediseases.It is also urged that at this especial season of tthe year weeds maybe a detriment to the public health,and that the same shall be cut without further notice.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.Order Board of Health.(l-4t)"WE SEE IN THE PAPERS"We see that many of the publicschools of the State are going to introduce agriculture as one of thestudies. This may be the rightcourse, but one that would bringgreater results, be more profitable tothe students and less expense to thetaxpayers, would be to place a hoehandle or the plow handles in thehands of the boys and let them securethis agricultural science by actualexperience, which is the greatestteacher of all.Almost any farmer will donate thehoe and plow handles free, and paythe students for taking the fullcourse. Of course, there is one objection to this plan, and that wouldbe the exposure of the students toOld Sol when he rolls over theirheads with "100 degrees Farenheit"marked on his face!In 1919, the Bureau of LaborStatistics reports, there were 3,374strikes in the United States.oAleaTdy the milliners are smilingover the time when the gir.ls wilj bethats with each other oh 'elections.Executrix' Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Henry C. Smith, dee'd,are hereby notified to present same,properly proven, as required by law,to the undersigned Executrix, foradjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidHenry C. Smith, dee'd, are herebynotified to make full and satisfactorysettlement of such indebtedness tothe undersigned Executrix.TABITHA C. WILLIAMS,Executrix Henry C. Smith.No. 214 Fourteenth St., Paris, Ky,(17-3wks)Sheriffs Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT,Wolcott Flour Mills PlaintiffVs: Order of Sale.O. L. Potts & Co DefendantPursuant to an order entered inthe above styled action, I will onSaturday, July 9,-1921,about the hour of 10 o'clock, a. m.,at the store room recently occupiedby O. L. Potts & Co., situated in Millersburg, Bourbon County, Ky., expose for sale and sell by auction tothe highest and best bidder, all ofthat stock of goods now situated insaid store room, which consists offlour, sugar, canned goods of allkinds, coffee, tobacco, together withall the fixtures situated thereinwhich includes show cases, cash register, scales, safe, stove, oil tank andpump, cheese cutting machine andmeasures.The terms of said sale will be forcash, excepting purchasers of $50.00or more, which may be sold upon a.credit of three months, with the privilege of paying cash.In the event any purchaser shallelect to buy upon credit he will berequired to execute bond,- due inthree months, with good surety thereon, acceptable to the undersigned.W. G. McCUNTOCK,Sheriff Bourbon County.june24julyl-8)ADMINISTRATOR'S:OF:MmMmsmMsn" - r "sV;; SALE 1i 1CENTRALLY LOCATED RESIDENCEMAIN STREET APARTMENT HOUSEandHOUSEHOLD AND KITCHEN FURNITURE. 'As agents for the heirs of Mrs. H. D. Campbell, deceased and Mr. R. C. Talbott, Administrator ofthe estate we will sell at public auction, on the premises, the commodious and modern brick residenceat the corner of Ninth and High Street, and the two-story frame apartment house on Main Street, nearTenth Street, and the household and kitchen furniture belonging to estate of deceased, onflO'SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1921t beginning at 10 o'clock, a. m.f as follows:f No. 1 The two-story brick residence at the corner of High and Ninth Streets, containing. 10rooms, several halls, bath complete linen closet, plenty of presses, furnace, gas lights, large dry eellar, and one of the best built and most, desirable homes in Paris.No. 2 The substantially builtf.two-storyframe apartment house on Main Street, opposite theCatholic Church, containing two modern apartments 'of .five rooms each, complete bath rooms, gas andlights, and a most desirable neighborhood. The property is now under rental "f or $600 "per year, butshould bring much more. rThe sale will start with Parcel No. 2, on Main Street, after which the brick house on High StreetI will be sold, and immediately following this sale? the sale of the household1 and kitchen furniture" will be held. This furniture is a welt selected lot xf -'goods and should attract a large crowd of housekeepers. The furniture to be sold, is, in part, as follows:'1 couch; 1 cot;2 folding beds;1 sewing machine;5 gas heaters;1 gas range;1 kitchen cabinet;1 McDougal kitchen cabinet;4 bed room suits;2 dining rooms suits;1 davennette; 1 desk;5-piece sun parlor set;10 rocking chairs ;2 tables; 1" refrigerator;1 marble top table;1 library table ;1 music cabinet';Lot of dishes, rugs and carpets, mattresses, porch swing and chairs, porch settee and numerousother articles usually found in a well furnished home.TERMS Made known on day of sale.For further information apply to the undersigned who will take pleasure in showing the property.GEORGE D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer(2july-2t)HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, AgentsL. D. HARRIS, Gen. Manager.ilWWftttftfflKP(Lft jt&$h 1 "VEmblem of SatisfactionQUI.CK1iqa-:Present lines of new Buick six-cylindermodels will be carried thru the 19221i4season.w t"IBeginning June 1st the new series andprices will Jbe. as follows, f. o. b. factories,Flint, Michigan. ..., atModel 22-44 Three Passenger Roadster,Model 22-45 Five Passenger Touring, -Model2246 Three Passenger Coupe, -Model22-47 Five Passenger Sedan, - -Model22-48 Four Passenger Coupe, -Model22-49 Seven Passenger Touring,Model 22-50 Seven Passenger Sedari, -Old Prices$1795$1795$2585New Price$2985$2065 .VrjtJimiS1495$1525$2135$2435$2325$1735$26355Ai4iA4Vs BUICK MOTOR COMPANY, FLINT, MICH.Pioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor CanBranches in ail Principal Cities- Dealers EvaytBhu -C. S. BALL GARAGE. rouruiaira riMsam streets:XjflfflENlgr BUrCT, BUIWilJWJILD THEM, . .ttWA ,---, z .: ; : ;-.::. h mhh-'4X"P'H jl .4' - '"r v..-.. kFRIDAY," JULY 8, 1921.JTHE BOURBON NOTTS; PARK, KENTUGnf Stir '" &" ' 'ecDo youknow whyIt's toasted?To seal inthe deliciousBurley flavor.COLORED SUMMER SCHOOL.1 J It's toasted. WIIstrikeJCIGARETTETBOURBONFARMINGTIONS.CONDI-,The greater part of the wheatthreshing is over in the county. Thecrop has been generally very disappointing. Dry weather and frosthave made the crop inferior in-weight and quality. Corn is lookingfairly well, and is almost ready totassel out. Tobacco is in fairly goodcondition, considering the weather ithas had to deal with. "Wildfire andrust have been completely wiped out,so far as known, by the dry weather,and little fear of the disease is nowheld. Pastures are beginning to dryup and parch, and serious loss mayensue unless the grass is revived byshowers in the very near future.Potatoes are reported everywhere asbeing almost a total failure.o 5How wonderful it would be if allthe infant prodigies whose work keepsappearing in the magazines could besuppressed under the Child LaborLaws.AREAL BARGAIN !1 0-pound CansCrystal WhiteSyrupONLY hh CENTSPER CANWeek of July 4 to 10Logan Howardtome of Goodto Eat"Phones 179The Home of Good ThingsMuch activity is in evidence amongteachers of the colored schools in theSummer Normal School being heldin Paris, About seventy teachersfrom fourteen counties have registered in the school. An extensivecourse is being given out, which includes all the common schoolbranches, as well as home economics,manual training and physical education. Classes in algebra and Latinhave been arranged for the convenience of those who must teachthese subjects in the training andconsolidated schools.The last week of the Summer Normal School will be devoted entirelyto institute work. All teachers whohave not taken advantage of thesummer school course may enroll forthe institute work on JMdnday, July18. Further reformation on tftissubject may be secured by addressing or calling on Prof. F. M. Wood,principal of the Western High Schoolox mis city.QGOV. MORROW AND THE BLAIRPARDON.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Qoings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.(Richmond Register.)The Louisville Post commentingon the Lexington Leader's editorialament Gov. Morrow and the Blairpardon, says the Leader is one ofthe fairest republican papers in thestate. Perhaps the Post man hasn'tread some of the things that theLeader editorial writer has had tosay about Woodrow Wilson in thepast. However, with it now conceding that a republican official canbe at fault, the time may be hopedfor when it may some day realizewhat a great work Wilson did forthe world and humanity. We won'tbelieve that the Leader can evergrow big enough to do this, though,until we see it with our owneyes.BLTIE GRASS POULTRY SHOWSSEPTEMBER 5 TO 10.Plans are being made for a poultryshow with special classification, liberal premiums and licensed judges othe Blue Grass Fair, September 5 to10, according to an announcementwhich has just been made by A. S.Chapin, extension specialist in poultry from the College of Agriculture.Farmers in Fayette and surroundingcounties are showing a great deal ofinterest in the proposed show, according to the report, and a large numberof exhibits are expected to be made.The show will be housed in the poultry building, which will be put inshape to accommodate from 800 to 1,000 chickens.ElCINCINNATIand return" via$2.35L & N.$2.35Sunday, July 47, 1921Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City Time). For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.(july5-8-15).t II M I I ! -1 1 1 f !GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Service7-fc. . ""J BOTH TELEPHONES $? Day INignt1 jV7 299I XH 1 UM M I HIM I U i 1 ml ! H M i MH I H IttOHFamousGreet PlayiIn Shakespeare's Great Comedy"AS YOU like rrComplete ProcjtfctioaOne of the Big Features of Chautauqua WeekFOURTH NIGHTdpath ChautauquaJust One of 17 Big AttractionSEASON TICKETS ONLY $2.75, tLVS 10f TAXpbaREDPATH-.CHAUrAUQUAMiss Elmeta 'Hinton is visiting1Miss Eva Lena Stroughton, in Eminence. Miss Alice Ware has as guest hergranddaughter, Miss Alice MarjorieWilliams, of Detroit, Michigan.Miss Helen Robinson, of Paris, isthe guest of her grandparents, Mr.and Mrs. E. B. Robinson, in Winchester. C. F. Colliver, local agent of theAmerican JKauway Express Company, is taking a vacation, and visiting friends in Nashville, Tenn.Mrs. Charles S. Ball is. ill at herhome on the Maysville pike, nearParis, threatened with fever. Herdaughter, Miss Charlina Ball, is alsoill.William R. Scott, former Parisian, has returned to his home inCincinnati, after a visit to his sister,Mrs. Hugh Montgomery, on Duncanavenue.Mr. and Mrs. I. F. McPheetersleft Monday on "a belated honeymoon" to visit his parents, Mr. andMrs. A. J. McPheeters, at Boliver,Missouri.The Boy Scouts of Paris, underthe leadership of Scoutmaster O. L.Davis, are spending two days at theBoonesboro bathing beach, enjoyingthemselves.Mr. and Mrs. William Willett, cfButler, and Mrs. Minnie Jones, ofDemossville, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to Mrs. Ida Snyder, in this city.Dr. Frank M. Faries has returnedfrom Middletown, Ohio, where he wascalled to attend the funeral andburial of his uncle, Wesley Hedding,who had reached his ninety-sixthyear.Mrs. Clark Barnett has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mr. FrankSnyder and Mr. Snyder, in Louisville. She was accompanied home byMrs. Snyder, who will be her guestfor seyeral days.-7-A recent motor party in Pariswas composed of Dr. and Mrs. M. u.Myers, Miss Hazel Myers, of Winchester, Mrs. J. R. Milliken and daughter, Hazel, of Logan, West Virginia,and Mr. William Welburn, of Maysville. Mr. Charlton Clay, of Paris, hasgone to White Sulphur, West Va.,where he will be a member of a houseparty to be entertained by Mrs. Roscoe Bulmer, of Washington, D. C,who has taken a cottage there for thesummer.Mrs. Wherritt Howard, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, is greatlyimproved, and has been removed tothe home of her sister-in-law, Mrs.Taylor T. Chandler, on Fifteenthstreet.Mrs. Hiram Roseberry entertained with a luncheon Tuesday at herhome near Paris, in honor of Mrs.Clarence Colliver Dawes, one of therecent June brides. Mrs. Roseberrywill entertain with a tea this (Friday) afternoon, at her home in honorof Mrs. Dawes. TAmos Turney Taylor, the attractive and popular young son of Mr.and Mrs. Lou Taylor, entertainedabout seventy-five of his youngfriends Wednesday afternoon with aparty at the home of his parents, on,the Maysville road, near Paris. Theyoung, people had a thoroughly enjoyable time.Mrs. Jane Savage is very ill ather home on Main street. Miss EmmaSmith is confined to her home onSeventh street by illness. Mrs. Chas.May is improving after an illness ofthree weeks. The little daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Thomas Kiser, of Maysville street, is ill at the family home,threatened with typhoid fever.One of the most elaborate socialaffairs of the summer season was thenoonday luncheon given in Winchestsr by Miss Elizabeth VanMeter, atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. N. P. Vanmeter. Among the out-of-townguests for the occasion wereMisses Martha Talbott, Lucille andElizabeth Caywood, of TParis. Themenu was most delightful and beautifully served. Forty-five guests werepresent.The following Bourbon countypeople spent the "Glorious Fourth" atBoonesboro bathing beach: Mrs. J.T. Redmon, Mrs. Etta Young, MissesAnn May and Mary Frances Young,Mr. and Mrs. Charles Green and children, Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Mitchelland family, Mrs. Thomas G. Morris,Miss Anna Meglone, Miss Lena Rose,Mr. and Mrs. Hedges Rash, Mr. andMrs. Clif Sadden, Mr. and Mrs. J. R.Pendleton and family, Harry Craft,Tom Longo, Mrs. Mike Longo(Other PersonalB on Page 5)oCELEBRATES CHRISTMAS INJUNEJULY ESTABLISHES HEATREC-iUKU.a e weeks in the mnth ofAugust" has been eclipsed by thetCSd x in the Past six weeks5EJS: h2 reeord established by themonth of June and the first few days-L' , Paris like the rest of thecountry, has been sizzling- and broiling m a ninety-six degree heat wave7SeVeal days' making life almostunbearable. The entire month ofJune was an unusually hot one. Thew2! rd tempe?ature for 1921 and thehighest for July 3 since 1911, wasJ?ad(; Sunday when the mercury intne thermompfpv -ranVtaA ni.i j.the one hundred mark.V ery little if any relief is in sight,according to the weather observers?lf engton and Louisville, who controi the weather in this section." a bare possibility of showed S? Sweltering humanityspent the larger part of Sunday nightin an effort to get away from theneat, many remaining on the streetsand m yards until the small hoursi the morning'.sjfa)7C&ENDORSEDATHISuch Proof As This Should ConvinceAny Paris Citizen.At Park July Stli'to 15th, 1921Six 'months after her Christmaspresent was started on its way thegift was delivered to Miss SophiaFishback, at present located inParis as recreation director of commuity service.The package was mailed on December 14, 1920, from St. Louis to NewYork, where Miss Fishback was atthat time engaged at Community Service headquarters. She failed to receive it there, and since that timethe package has been following ortrailing her around the United Statesfrom city to city, in almost every instance arriving a short time after shehad taken her departure.Deciding that she would give thebox one more chance to catchy up,with her, Miss Fishback wrote a fewletters to various postmasters givingher present address, and was finallyoverjoyed when Postmaster J. WalterPayne notified her that the packagehad arrived at the Paris postofflcc.The contents were found to be in goodcondition, considering the long wanderings the package had beenthrough going over the country, andincluded a 'fruit cake.oThe cost of living would be notnear the burden it is if people could"manage to get along without suchluxuries as the necessities.THE UN IXE R S XXC A RWhy Pay Fifteen Hundred to TwoThousand for a Car when You Can Buy ajtord CtoupeFORThe public endorsement of a localcitizen is the best proof that can beproduced. None better, none strongercan be had. When a man comes forward and testifies to his fellow-citizens,addresses his friends and neighbors, you may be sure he is thoroughly convinced or he would not doso. Telling one's experience when itlis for the public good is an act ofKindness that should be annreciated.The following statement given by a'lesment or Paris adds one more tothe many cases of Home Endorsementwhich are being published aboutDoan's Kidney Pills. Read it:Robert Link, proprietor grocerystore, 1631 S. Main street, Paris,says: "I have found Doan's KidneyPills to be the best kidney medicineI ever used and can't recommendthem too highly. My back had givenme no end of trouble and there wasa steady, dull ache just over my kidneys. My kidneys acted too frequently, too. I began using Doan'sKidney Pills and in a short time IAvas completely rid of the trouble."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Link had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oPOUR-LEGGED CHICKENA chicken with four legs hasgrown to frying size in the barnyardof Thomas P. White, of Woodfordcounty. The fowl has been hale andhearty since it was hatched back inMay, and has seemed to profit by theextra speed which it has been ableto show in the competition with otherbirds in the struggle for existence.Mr. White says he expects to get aspecial price on the chickens of thetwo extra drum sticks.! oOne British military cemetery inFrance, just outside Bolongue, contains nearly 12,000 graves.The ideal two -pass en eer FORD car for evervfday in the year. A car as handsome as it is com-luriauic.We will be pleased to take your order andmake as prompt delivery as possible. The sooneryou leave your order the sooner you get your car.Prompt anil efficient service at all times.RUGGLESiMOTOR COMPANYEllis' Tea RoomThe Home of Good HomeCooked MealsAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65cper meal on week days75cper meal on SundaysMeal Tickets(21 MEALS)2 Meals per Day $8,501 Meal per Day $9.50Regular Board (3 mealsper day) $8.00THE ELLIS TEAHIOpposite Court House,mmGrain feed builds only part ofthe chick, which makes scrawny,sickly, bad-feathered poultry laterSIMCO OATMEAL BUTTERMILK CHICK MASH supplies nourishment not found in grain, such asbuttermilk, sweet wholesome meat,pulverized peanut kernels and a largevariety of other ingredients, all for a purpose in making plump, full-breasted, full-feathered, strong, healthy poultry, In condition to ward off fatal diseases It costsless to use Simco. You raise more and better chicks. Save a month in developing.'IF YOUR NEAREST DEALER DOES NOTHAVE SIMCO, refuse a substitute and write usnd we will supply you freight paid to your station.Address THE SIMMONS MILLING CO.,Simco Bldg.,1 to i&V&Water St., Cincinnati, O., Write-for free booklet "About Feeding"(apr29-13tF)S JOPa rUR courteous WU t M3sf V character has n&4JSk jmade this organization famous. Our expert knowledge of allthe details of ourprof ession meets with theapproval of everyone.Our reputation forfair dealing is ourclients' protection.Become a Saver!Buy a Lexington Utilities Bond and helpthe growth of the Blue Grass Community.Bonds sold at 90 either for cash or on amonthly payment plan.YIELD 7.6We pay 6 per cent interest on all monthlypayments, also refund the nominal Federal Income Tax and the Kentucky State4-mill tax. Ask any employe.Lexington Utilities Company(Incorporated in Kentucky)156 West Main St. Lexington, Ky." ....... mimmiiimjUriA TaIaiIma O ! am!LmaHave Free Communication with theFollowing Towns and VillagesMillersburg, Headquarters, Hooktown, Black's GrossRoads, Shawhan, Ruddles Mills, Kiserton, CentervilleJacksonville, Clintonville, Avon, Wyandott Austezlitz,'Escondida, Little Rock. Cane Ridge, Plum, Bunker Hill.North Middletown connection will be re-establishedwithin a few weeks.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatediiiiiiMiiiiitiiiiiMiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiininniuiimji aIB BOURBON NEWS, PARW, HBNTUCHiFRIDAY, JULY 8, If 21. - nTHE TIME OF YOUR LIFE"RELIGIOUS.IV"BourbonBoostersTripTuesday July 19tfrSPACE CONTRIBUTED BYTHE LEADERLostSomewhere in Paris, a diamondscrew stud, in fancy gold setting:.Finder will receive suitable rewardby returning to THE NEWS office.(8-tf)FoundNear tbe Y. M. C. A. building Saturday afternoon, a bunch, of keys.The owner may have same by provingproerty and paying charges. Call at925 Main street, Paris, Ky.For SaleGodd 3-horse -power Witt gasolineengine. Used 'very little and is infine condition. Can be bought at abargain. Address or call undersigned. JOHN S. WIGGINS,Cum. Phone 682 Hutchison, Ky.(8-2t)Lost Pin, RewardA handsome Pearl Bar Pin withfiligree setting. Finder will be rewarded by returning toTHE BOURBON NEWS.Rev. C. Conor Brown will preachat both services at the Presbyterianchurch, Sunday.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6:45. The subjectis, "Reasonable Service." This willbe a "Boy Scout" meeting, withBilly Wilson as leader.There will be but one service atSt. Peter's Episcopal church, Sunday,at 10:45 a. m. Bishop Lewis W. Burton will be here on his annual visi-J tation, and will deliver the sermon.In the afternoon Bishop Burton will! .preach in Cynthiana. He will be accompanied by Rev. Walter S. Cain,rector of St Peter's church, in Paris.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, will begin arevival meeting at the Berry Christian church, on Monday, July 25.Rev. Ellis is one of the most eloquent and forceful ministers in thechurch, and will be the means ofbringing a rich harvest to the Berrychurch.Services will be held Sundaymorning at 10:45 and evening nt7:00 o'clock at the Christian church.The night service will be held inthe open air, in the church yard,the elements being favorable for theoccasion. Rev. W. E. Ellis willpreach. A cordial invitation is extended to all to attend.Just One Week MoreATTENDONE LOTI.White (Dresses$1.98(Soiled) Values to$19.75, Choice.. .....MillineryOne Lot Trimmed Pattern Hats,Values to $15. Special &A QQTo Close Out at .JJOPAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBIIIS.CLEARANCESALEATiv&flJeoRPOP0Don't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)GETTING IN UNEThe Flemingsburg Gazette has purchased a No. 15 Model Linotype,which will be installed within thenext few days. The machine will bethe first one ever to be operated inFleming county.oBOURBON 'FISCAL COURTThe July term of the BourbonFiscal Court, convened yesterdaywith Judge George Batterton presiding, and a full board present. After allowing a bunch of claimsagainst the county, Court adjourned.BLACKBERRY SUGARBlackberry sugar, ?6.25 per 100pounds. We have a good supply ofsecond crop seed potatoes. See usbefore you buy.Paris Baking Company.I. L. GLASS, Manage.You Cant Beat Jhism wlml mil mwrwwiiJMmT& mMXT THEN you pay your household bills,W GL O. D. packages and all general ex'ptoses with Protectu checks, you are surethat the amount of the check is protectedfrom being raised, if by accident your checkfelostanamay pass into the hands of eitheran amateur or professional check raiser.With the Protectu system, you can make yourcheck proof against check raising. This check hasa series of numbers lithographed in indelible ink onthe end of the check. By a cutting device, the endof the check is cut or torn when the check is madeout so that the highest amount indicated on themargin represents the maximumlimit of the check.We have arranged to supply all of our customerswithProtectu checks andaProtectufoldingpocketcover with cutter attached as shown in illustration.Others who wish to avail themselves of its use maycall at our bank and receive them without costby opening an account in this bank. We dothis as a matter of duty following our longestablished policy of providing our depositors withthe best possible service in every department.EQUALLY PRACTICAL FOR DESK AND POCKET USB.'eoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.SIMON'SJULYCLEARANCESALENow Going OnMany Offerings are Marked, Regardless of TheirFormer Selling Price, at Low Prices Which InsureImmediate ClearanceSimon's Clearance Sales are famous for their values, and thegreat semi-annual selling event is filled with offerings which makeit the greatest economy event of I he year. Many of these afforda saving of one-third to one-half the regular price.These low prices mean immediate disposal, and are in linewith the Simon policy of merchandising, which precludes the carrying over of style merchandise, or broken sorts, into anotherseason.HARRY SIMONi224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckyFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00-91wmMaaasam-crBinIIMlMlIInPinliban.u((V(p,V.m-t,'iwBigTimeJULY I9THBigTimeHot Weather Clothes!Why swelter in this heat when you can be comfortable in one of our Palm Beach, Gabardine or Crash Suits? It is a pleasure to wear one of these Suits, because they are rightlytailored and styled. You can wear them for outing or dress and feel comfortable at alltimes. Newest tolorings and patterns are shown in abundance. You'll be delighted withthe values$15.00 to $27.50You Will Find Everything Here in the Way of FurnishingsCor Mot Weather Comfort,P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris, Ky.Home Phone 448 Cumb. Phone 806U &'&'," - fc- t .c ..rto ""r3:- &. a:5lH jir--' A-f " FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1921.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,PAGE n YE"1miUfM&&&flPCE2VtI Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to Please?5VOTE TOR PEAUCE PATON.NEW STUDEBAKER SOLD.SOCIAL A3D PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.(PBTSnUTyRS TPATTBW nxt TmiMir..m ,44UUU, au xjuxaxL-VRT TO-DAY.The White Front Garage sold anddelivered the past week a Special SixStudebaker touring car to Mrs. E. F.-Clay, on Vine Street, and a SpecialSix Studebaker roadster to ThomasGleason, of Nineteenth Street.oATTENTION, AMEBCIAN IEGION!There will be a special meeting ofBourbon Post, American Legion, atthe court house, in Paris,, to-night,(Friday) at 7:30 o'clock. Businessof importance. Important that thereshould be a full attendance.WM. COLLINS,. Post Commander.o t -3UKSHINE CAKES AND CRACK- street.Mr. and Mrs. Roy C. Keller havereturned from an enjoyable trip toDayton, O., and the Soldier's Home.Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, of nearParis, is spending the week in Lexington with her parents, Eev. andMrs. I. J. Spencer.Mrs. Gertrude Hardin, of Mobile, Ala., has returned home aftera visit to her mother, Mrs. A. C.Wachs, on Tenth street.Mrs. Marv Marshall a-nA erWilliam Marshall, of Paris, are visit- Melvin Green, colored, housebreak-Deputy Sheriffs Robert M. Gilkeyand James Gibson will leave forFrankfort this morning, having incharge the following prisoners, convicted and sentenced at the Juneterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court,who will begin their sentences on arrival at the Frankfort Reformatory.Elmer Mayberry, colored, two sentences, housebreaking, three years,housebreaking, two years; DillardLatham, colored. housebreaking.I three to five years: John, alias"Blue" Clay, colored, unlawfullytransporting liquor, with a formerconviction, one year; Will Hall, col-kjicu, hub stealing, seven vearsmg Mrs. Marshall's mother, Mrs.Mary Lydick, in Cynthiana.Miss Mary Frances Lyons hasarrived from Louisville, to spend theremainder of the summer with hergrandmother, Mrs. Maria Lyons.Mrs. C. A. Teller has returned toher home in Chicago, after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L.Price and family, on South MainEB&You are invited to attend thedemonstration of Sunshine Cakes andCrackers, which will be held all dayat our store on Saturday, July 9.C. P. COOK & CO.q ,SPRING CHICKEN DINNERWe will have an old-fashionedhome-cooked chicken dinner at 6 p.in., on Sunday night. Nice, fatspringers and all the trimmings.Y. M. C. A. CAFE,(It) Mrs. Carl Crawford, Prop.oADJUDGED INSANERichard Alexander, well-knownParis man, who has been a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital,for several months, wasNfcrought intoJudge Batterton's Court Wednesdaymorning on an lunacy charge Hewas tried before a jury, and foundto be of unsound mind He was ordered committed to the EasternKentucky Hospital for the Insane atLexington.o"WHAT TIME IS IT?"mg, two years: Raymond Frvman.white, malicious cutting and wounding, three years; Robert Estep,white, forgery, one year.BIG DROPThere has been a big drop in Rugsof all kinds. We are showing somebig bargains.THE J. T. HINTON CO.This question is frequently askedat night by people who look at thefaces of the Courft House clock. Theelectric globes that are used to illeminate the faces of the clock havegone off duty and need renewing.Why not do it now! "What time isit" at night?BLACKBERRY SUGARBlackberry sugar, $6.25 per 100pounds. We have a good supply cfsecond crop seed potatoes. See ustiefore you buy.Paris Baking Company.I. L. GLASS, Manager.HANG IT NOWWe have some open dates for hanging wall paper. Give us your ordernow.THE J. T. HINTON CO.ATTENTION, CANDIDATES 1You cannot make affidavit to yourcampaign expense account, unlessyou have fully itemized every centyou have expended in any way forthat purpose, as required under theprovision of the election laws. Ifyou have not paid your advertisingand job printing accounts with THENEWS, you should do so at once, soyou will be in the clear when youcome to make up your expense account for filing with the State. Allsuch items will have to be included,so come in and square up, and behappy ever after.oTIRE TROUBLESWhile the dance was in progressat the Independent Tobacco Warehouse, Wednesday night some personor persons stole spare tires from tenmachines parked at different placesin the vicinity. In some instancesthe fastenings were cut off and thecasings mutilated in order to removethe tires. Small articles of no valuesave to the owners were taken fromthe machines. It is supposed therobberies were lie work of a gangof boys, who have been operatingalong other lines here. The police"were notified and are working oncase, in hopes of landing the thievesand restoring the stolen property.oSPECIAL REGISTRATION FORJULY 23.County Clerk Pearce Paton callsattention to the special registrationto be held on Saturday, July 23, two"weeks before the primary election ofAugust 6, as required by law. Theregistration will be held in theClerk's office. The following maytake advantage of this registration:First Those absent from theirprecinct at the regular registration;Second Persons who were preTented from registering by sicknessof self or family; Third Personsho moved into the city after thelast registration; Fourth Thosecoming of age since the last registration.Mrs. Hattie Perkins and daughter, Bonnie, left yesterday for a twoweeks' visit to friends and relativesin Corbin, and' Lafollette and Knoxville, Tenn.Mr. and Mrs. John Martin anddaughter, of Louisville, are guests ofthe former's sister, Mrs. Clark Bai4nett, and Mr. Barnett, at their homeon Houston avenueMiss Lavelette Sanson, teacherin the Junior High School department of the Paris High School, is attending the summer session of theUniversity of Pennsylvania, at Philadelphiai Mrs. A. B. Newsum, Jr., formerly Miss Lelia Keller, of Dallas,Texas, arrived this week to be theguest of her parents, Dr. and Mrs.A. H. Keller, for the balance of thesummer.Charles C. Hale, prominentfarmer and stockman, of Morristown,Tenn., was a recent visitor in Paris.Mr. Hale spent several days here inspecting Bourbon county stock farmsand their product.Dr. 'J. T. Vansant is able to beout after an illness of several days.Jos. M. Hall, who has been seriouslyill at his home on Duncan avenue,for some time, was reported yesterday as being improved.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris Public School,left Tuesday for New York, wherehe will spend the remainder of thesummer taking special courses at theColumbia University.Mrs. Alex Duke and Miss LauraLilleston, of Paris, accompanied byMrs. Ella Trundle Haynes, of Fernbank, Ohio, left Tuesday for LakeChautauqua, New York, to spend theremainder of the summer.Mrs. Clarence Buchanan is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where she underwent an operation Tuesday for appendicitis. She stood the ordeal remarkably well, and was reported asdoing nicely.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Mrs. G. W. Conrad came in Tuesdaynight to visit relatives and friends.Thomas S. Drennan came inSaturday and spent the gloriousfourth here taking in the big celebration, and visiting friends andrelatives "The' Recreational LeadershipClub of Community Service held aninteresting meeting in the Paris HighSchool gymnasium last night at 7:30o'clock. There was a large attendance of Paris people interested inthe welfare of the children of thecity. .Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, FieldSecretary of the State Sunday SchoolANNOUNCEMENTSFOR COUNCILMANWe are authorized to announceJOHN CHRISTMAN as a candidatefor Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announce D.C. PARRISH as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Mayorof the City of Paris, Ky., subject tothe primary election to be held onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. WILLIAMS, as a candidatefor Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES W. CONNELL, as a candididate for Councilman from the FirstWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democratic votersat the primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN CHRISTMAN as a candidatefor Councilman from the First Wardof the City of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election on August G,1921.We are authorized to announceFRANK P. KISER as a candidate forCouncilman from the Second Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic voters at theprimary elecion, on August 6, 1921.' We are authorized to announceBERNARD J. SANTEN as a candidate for Councilman from the SecondWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action , of the Democraticvoters at the primary election, onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCATESBY SPEARS as a candidatefor Councilman from the SecondWard of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the Democratic voters at the primary election, onAugust 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJ. T. TUCKER as a candidate forCouncilman from the Third Ward ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic voters at theprimary election on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCLAUDE F. REDMON as a candidatefor Councilman from the ThirdWard of the City of Paris, subject toLikeMIt insmmwmixiinThis Torrid WeatherIs the way we expect our stock of summer merchanchandise to go during our presentClearanceSaleEvery Item IncludedNothing Exceptedill,-aBoard of the Methodist church, will . fte acU(m of the Democratic votersleave to-night for Lake JunalusKa, at the primary election on August 6,North uaroiina, wnere ue win aucuuSundayVOTE FOR PEAECE PATON.oHOT WAVE HITS FARMS AUDGARDENS.The hot wave is having a disastrous effect on crops in this county,according to reports brought in byfarmers, who say that tobacco, corn,meadows and garden truck are suffering severely. . . ,The meadows are reported to he"burned up," and grazing tor livestock is very short. The hay crop isTnnrtv tn Vi seriously affected. To-fc&cco and corn are becoming parch-the annual meeting of theSchool Field Secretaries of the Methodist church. Mr. Snapp will be gonoabout ten days. .A postcard from Clarence Errmger, in Chicago, under date of July5, says: "Am leaving to-day for NewYork via motor, then cross countrytrip through Canada to Vancouver,British Columbia. We have been entertaining Mfciry Mills Minter herewho is en route to Europe. My son,Orville Erringer, and Mary are engaged to be married next fall."Cynthiana Democrat: "MasterGeorge Alexander, of Covington, isvisiting relatives in Cynthiana andParis. . .Mrs. J. R. Renaker is spending the week-end in Bourbon countywith her sister, Mrs. W. E. Cook, attheir country home. Mrs. Renakerand Mrs. Cook and her family willvisit friends in Paris and Millers-burg."One of the largest crowds everseen on a dancing floor attended andenjoyed the dance given at the NewIndependent Tobacco Warehouse, inthis city, Wednesday night, undertSe auspices of James .McClintockand Vail Baldwin. Music for thedancers was furnished by two orchestras. The big dancing space wascooled by a large number of electricfans, and the dancers found i ; verycomfortable. There was a large atQr,oTioo from surrounding towns.Mrs. Hiram M. Roseberry gave alovely luncheon on Tuesday in honorof three attractive brides and Herhouse guest, Miss Ludie Smith, orLouisville, one of e season's mostzonular debutantes. The beautifulSSece of silver for the table wasin keeping with the exquisite silverand goPld fervice used for the lunch-The guests were ji&. ""r1921.FOR MAGISTRATEWe are authorized to announceFRANK P. LOWRY, of Paris, as acandidate for Magistrate from theParis precinct in the Bourbon FiscalCourt, subject to the action of theDemocratic voters at the primaryelection on August 6, 1921.1 $35.00 Values.I $30.00 Values,$25.00 ValuesI $20.00 Values,fe $18 Art ValutaStraw Hats$6.00 Values .'...$3.95$5.00 Values $345$4.00 Values $2.95$3.00 Values $1.95Men's Suits$45.00$40.00Values . . . . . ,$3 1 ,95Values $26,95$23.45$21,45$18.45$14,45$11.95Every one of these below cost andmarket price, to clear stock. .EVERY PAIR OFShoes and Oxfords$12.50 Values $9.85$10.00 Values $7.45$8. 50 Values $6.45$7.50 Values $5.95$6.00 Values $4.45$5.00 Values ;$3,95Boys' Suits$15. 00 Values $ 1 0.95$13.50 Values $9.95$12.50 Values $8.95$10.00 Values $7.45$8.00 Values $6.45$7.00 Values $4.75REMARKABLE VALUESRemember. Everv Article Underwear. Shirts, Cans. Over-1 alls. Odd Trousers, Etc. Reduced to Rock Bottom Prices.LEWIS WOLLTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetST If INK3 JGL a JJLx i"Trade at HomeCall Our Store "Home"MrtliftfflflrtWWMWMWW&WfflFMeon.Collivernnwfls. Mrs. jnaneaSpears and Mrs Stanley Dicksontne, ViimAps. nlSO Mrs. JJiQwdiu.Snears Mrs. James W. Thompson,m John J. Rice, Misses AugustaCrommerlin, Helen Hutchcraft. Katt-erine Marsn, .L.uaie duihub6Sef M. Caldwell. M.ttLStaS? to Paris late Wednesdayternoon, alter their auto Jrip fromof any note. -Da(Other Personals on' Page 3)Straw Hatsnow jointhe ranks ofPrice ReductionsAny Straw Hatin the houseat half price.Panans lz off.None but new1921 Styles arein the lot,as we nevercarry straw hatsfrom one seasonto another.Now is the Time You Need,TfcOBlr9afettAWthAVentaiiOTPORCH miandMr-I Jnl9VUD0R SHADESand now is the time we are closingout all merchandise of this kind atGREATLY REDUCED PRICES,Make your selection to-day.HHBfT 1 M M 1 in it illksbsBKW I B r b 111 111SELF-HANGINGwudbrVentilatincPORCH SHADESIf it comesfrom DevisH is iUtColumbia Srafonolasare the only ones with theNon-Set Automatic Stop 'Play Columbia Records on Columbia MachinesTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotorHearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingyC&I!and yellowed, and unless ramsoon ,to relieve the situation,will be baaiy damaged, it was?THE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYr$at .-ABLE TODO HER WORKAfter Long Suffering Mrs. SieferlWas Restored to Health by 'Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetaHeCoaponndPottsville, Pa. "I suffered withfemale trouble for fouror five years andwas very irregular.II was not fit to domy work at timesand took medicinefrom a doctor andgot no benefit. Isaw L-ydia m. JtinKI ham's VegetableICompound adver-tised in the newsIpapers and took itand got an rignc 1gained twentyI rounds or more andi ha W n Ho mv work. I recommend the Vegetable Compound to mymends and you may use inese iacts as atestimonial." Mrs. Sallie Siefert,313 W. Fourth Street, Pottsville, Pa.Hie everyday life of many housewivesis a continual struggle with weaknessand pain. There is nothing more wearing than the ceaseless round of household duties and they become doubly hardwhen some female trouble makes everybone and muscle ache, and nerves all onedge.If you are one of these women do notsuffer for four or five years as Mrs.Siefert did, but profit by her experienceand be restored to health by Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."GBEAT CHAMPION" SAYS CARPENTER "Georges Carpentier took his defeatgamely and praised Dempsey as agreat champion. In his dressingroom after the fight Carpentier dictated this statement:"I staked my all to win in thesecond round. I hit him hard, butcould not drop him. I tried againin the third round, but a right to myneck seemed to daze me. I do notknow how he got through, my guardin the fourth."America should be proud ntDempsey. He is a great champion'Georges returned immediately toManhassett on the yacht Lone Star.He will rest for three or four days,and probably will receive no visitorsuntil Monday. Descamps and Wilsonboth said that Dempsey's weight andpower were too much for Carpentier.LEWIS SUCCEEDS HERT.Governor Edwin P. Morrow hasappointed Marvin H. Lewis, of Louisville, member of the Old KentuckyHome Commission to fill the vacancycaused by the death of A. T. Hert.ECZEMAMoney back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap),fail inthe treatment of Itch. Eczema.Rinzworm,Tetterorotheritching skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.Bjjfr?A" Ml."i tt0llOUVABDEN & SON,v Paris, Ky.I wp Great American Play B 1I "THE 'MAN IlVM 17!m"THE MANFROM HOME"&y -Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon WilsonComplete Production New York CastRollicking Comedy SuccessSIXTH NIGHTRedpath ChautauquaJust One of 17 Big AttractionsSEASON TICKETS ONLYf2.75, PLUS 10 TAX3REDPATH CHAUTAUQUABEJlAt Paris July 8th to 15th, 1921piThoroughbred HorsesAnnual Summer Meeting atLATONIA,r(Convenient to Cincinnati)June 4th to July0thStakes:sUKFUl UWUPSstercay. Jsr4kCUftETIA'.$ltfES "Saturday. Jaa 4lkLATVIA IEIIYStarUy. JM 11ilKKSTEP UHttlPSaturday. Jm llkBtliO UMKtfSaturday, Joa ISUMUSTMBlay, Jose IStkItKCK BAXHStfJane 25tkUTHiiA QttSr. JIrWITI TMPIT -r.WrThe unusually higjicfassof the honcr on tHc-orii,the cxcIlei)iiittciamlook and improved accommodations for patrons combine to insure the success ofthe meeting at the popularLatonia Course.Those who visit Latoniathis month will enjqy thefinest sport in its history.Kentucky Jockey Chtban appeal; noE helpTHE NEWS is in receipt of a letterfrom Sol Fleming, of Frankfort, president of the Mutual Welfare League,telling of a pitiful case in Paris mneed of aid from charitably-inclinedpeople. Mr. Fleming's letter is reproduced below: ,"Frankfort, July 4th, 1921."To the EditorBourbon NewsParis, Ky."Dear Sir:"I have the honor to inform youthat we have an inmate here whosename is Charley Scott, No. 7b71, indicted in Clark County, Ky., for thecrime of "Murder," and sentencedto serve a term of four (4) years,having been received here on the 2ndday of October 1919, and he has beenthroughout a model prisoner working at the trade of painter, day andnight as his task required, and hasrendered the State faithful and excellent service, most of the time asan "Outside Trusty," and has neverin any way violated the trust reposedin him by the officials."His faithful wife and seven infant children 5 boys and twin girls,ranging in age from 14 years to 2years are nowTesiding at 426 West7th Street, Paris, Ky., and are inabsolutely destitute condition, livingin one room and small pantry, thewife and mother being in the laststages of 'tuberculosis."CViza kao Vo1 T-ni4- rmex td.Tli'rliarAngel,' who has sought to relieve thevvciii uo ui uiie lituie xaiimy 111 uic jjcisumonths Miss Lucy Simms, of yourcity and our League respectfullyrequest that the helpless conditionof this family be given wide publicity, and donations be called for fromcharitable citizens of your city torelieve want and distress."Letters have been written to theGovernor and also the State Boardof Charities and Corrections askingfor commutation of sentence orearly parole, so that the husbandand father can return to his familyand suitably provide for them byhis labor as an expert painter; butit is claimed that nothing can bedone until he has served one halfof his term, or until October 2nd,1921."Can you through the columns ofof your paper intercede for aid forthis prisoner s family, and performa 'Samaritan Act'?"Trusting for a favorable response,"Very respectfully,"SOL FLEMING, President M. W. L.v ft' '1 ...!.') . vf&JPrince Albert's a newnote in the joys of rolling 'em!Hall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are in a "run down" condikm will notice that Catarrh botherthem much more than when they are ingood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo. Ohio.RETAILERS SHOULD USE NEWSPAPER ADVERTISINGUse newspaper advertising to fulladvantage in calling the public's attention to the constant effort of theretailer to lower prices, David P.Davis, of Frankfort, advised the Kentucky Association of Retail Clothiersin a paper read at the annual convention at Louisville of the organization. He declared that more thanever before retailers are dependingupon -.newspaper space to call attention to the strong points of familiarwares and to bring out their prices.Mr. Davis had as his subject,"What Is Being Done to IncreaseBusiness." He declared that a closeinvestigation showed that the retailerwho had on hand merchandise athigh prices had "long since forgottenthe cost and to-day is selling thesegoods at far less than they cost, inmany instances at even less than replacement prices. In cases wherenew, clean and desirable merchandisenow is being bought, close profitsare the order of the day.""It is no longer a question of whatan article is worth," he asserted,"but how low priced we can sell it.The day of long profits has passedand the main purpose of every retailer now is an effort to preventlosses in his business.'He declared that it was safe to assume that hundreds of Kentucky merchants will be able to operate thisyear without losses and that the onewho shows a profit will be the exception. He urged the merchants to buyonly dependable, clean and reliablemerchandise at the best possible advantage and to sell at a close margin of profit.oBACK TO THE FARM.Talking about rollingyour own cigarettes, jare'lltell you right here thatPrince Albert tobacco hasfern all lashed to the mast!iYou've got a handful-of-liappinesscoming your-directionwhen you pal it with'OP. A. and the makin'spapers ! For Prince Albertis not only delightful toyour taste and pleasing initsrefreshingaroma,but ourexclusive patented process-frees it from bite and parch !lAnflpfor a fact, rollingjip Prince Albert is mightyjeasy! P. A. is crimp cut andstays put and you whisk itinto shape before you can!count three! And, the nextinstant you're puffing awayto beat the band!Prince Albert is so goodthat it has led four men tosmoke jimmy pipes whereone was smoked before! It'sthe greatest oldjbuddysmoke that ever found itsway into a pipe or cigarette !v?fPrlriee "Albert isMold in toppy red.bags, tidy rd Una,handsome poundand half pound tirkhumidors and in thepound crystal glasshumidor withwsponge moistenertop.1 "ihe national joy smokeCopyright 1S21by R. J. ReynoldsTobacco Co.Winston-Salem.K.C.STREET MACHINERY HEREHenry Fisher, of Louisville, superintendent of construction for theHenry Bickel Co., of Louisville, is inParis, to take charge of the sewerand street repair work recentlyawarded to that firm. Severaltrucks and a car load of road machinery to be used in the work, havearrived, and have been taken to thepoint of construction.A large excavating machine is included in the arrival. This has beentaken to. Nineteenth street, where theconstruction work will begin.rasaEsaBggBasfcWsBgggsggggrefgT;iaigg&sLsyggsgsssgaanii.'jfiiMMiiiWe used to get excited about a coalstrike. Now it's just like a bad coldthat comes every fall and winter regardless of precautions.MAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.Wt have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and othtr tayrleft over from tht holidays.Let Us Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.T. W. SPICER1lmm PSMiLMLfimm I MAIN STREETvxnUOV KEiTicui mwini l ,. .... , mm,, i, nmJrWAXeS, PILESFISTUUdjfeWaSuK' Sfcp0LEE jJmWrJW '"""""" " -PILES!If you are a sufferer with piles, hemorrhoids, blind or bleeding, you will get relieffrom the first application of UhoIo FeteRemedy (salve) for piles and fistula. Perfectly soothing; does not smart. $1.00 bymail, prepaid..S. P. O'LEE, Sole Manufacturer, Mchtlasviile, Ky.(apr29-13tF) -brighter;EVENINGSLeonardo II., Edward Simms greatthoroughbred after a hard -campaignthrough the racing circuit, isnow back v at Xalapa Farm, for arest. The 'noted horse was -broughtto the farm from Lexington, Fridayin a padded motor car, and takento Xalapa Farm.DnWaddell'sPile RemedyDon'tSufferr-Don't be OperatedWt ratil yon br triexl Dn Wddeil'Pfi Remedy. Absolutely hanolon. Gouvptnil to fire absolute atnteebonpBOCNy refunded. $L50pr-r-f not write u.RmwmJmmB f4 -Just HistoryiiIn 76The Colonial DameSpnn her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She erreeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,rtwi. How time does passHex home was litBy flickering Gas.Bit the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Juit presses a buttonAnd has Electrio Light.OPP. COURT HOUSEI WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents:No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY. & THOMAS CO.1Cumbtrland Phone 78PARIS, KENTUCKYml Bourbon Laundry iDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetxxBsAviWh I ' l fcl&?fAtrI EaEaftEaEaEaJ k-' 9L2.W-5JmrJ rl fJ 1- StpIKIM &&&$SATISFACTI ONOUR WATCHWORD!SA With all the latest improveC? ments in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we are' prepared to do work infe-':J-rior to none, and solicit.J your patronage.IIIThe Bourbon LaundrjrParis, KentuckyIAmIin-Latonia, Ky., CoursevpixsBflixs9iKisK:csi:sK:-:jKaKxaBxa-ixi,v.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Bourbon Nes Ad vertisers Get Result:t(Incorporattd)ir!2r&3wTrvmx!-rrr"rT1FRIDAY JULY 8, 1921.TmklBOTJMBQmiXEimtVARto,i-jThe next timeyou buy calomelask forANNOUNCEMENTSr fl 4tmlm IsW BpBySt- - "otahsThe purified and refinedcalomel HIets fchat arenausealesSj safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c.MlftnULLAUAI dFAMOUSHONE-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa SpecialtytiKtiHHHMIWHtiiWI S. P. MOHNEY-5ChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISMMIMII1HIIWH1H!PAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ONPaints.VarnishesOils, Etc,Tht Best Goods at theBest Prices.See Us Before You Buy.VARDEN 8 SONDruggists Both PhonesFOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theoffice of State Senator from theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at thapolls.-,FOR REPRESENTATIVETFe authorized to announceJA3MH. THOMPSON, of Paris, asWgJt for re-election, as RepJSflS 'fro Bourbon County intfttiiowcr House of the KentuckyLegislature, subject to the action ofthe Toters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.'We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboacounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in theLower House of the Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action of thevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 6,FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty, at the Primary Election inAugust, 1821. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob'Gilkey and "Doug" Thorn, Sr.PEALE C0LLD5R.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR COUNTY CLERKWe are authorized tc announcePBARCE PATON as a candidate forCaerr of the Bourbon County Court,supject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 1821.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of tne voters an the nrimarvelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,1921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (fapniliarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the TotersIn his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jaifer of Bourbon county, subject to the action ofthe voters in the primary election,August 6,, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action' of the Democraticparty.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, -with THOS. TAUL andFRANKES SIDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. - They respectfully ask your support.HAPEY MAID, C00KC01dCSr '("Topics Of The Day" Films)A cook is usually mistress of allshe surveys in the realms of thehome, kitchen and pantry. Cookingis a science that takes time to master, but when a woman lea'rns tocook well she is strongly entrenchedin her profession. In some familiesthe housewife herself is the cook;while in others an employee is thecommissary chief. To-day, cooks aremore or less transient , guests, withthe. Eagle, oh the, dollar .flapping itswings to lure them to another domicile. Householders use tricks, diplomacy and maneuvers to keep the"kitchen canary" on the job. Thejokesmiths of the .world- press findcookdom a fertile field for concoctingfunnies. Some of the laughs thatcome out of the kitchen are just assavory as the most delicious food.On the screen, these "cookies" areshown in "Topics of the Day" Filmsto entertain audiences everywhere.Below we serve some cook jokes thatfurnish their own good references:May "You men don't know athing about cooking. Now, howwould you dress a chicken?"Howard "With a fur collar insummer, and pumps and silk stockings in winter." Borse Magazine."Does you cook try to make foodgo as far as possible?""Yes; some of it all the way fromour residence to hers." WashingtonStar."The Smiths used to have a splendid cook.""Yes, but she and Mrs. Smith couldnot get along.""Dear me! So I suppose Smith hadto discharge her?""Oh, no; he divorced his wife."Detroit Gateway.Is Cookies a capable cook,Taught by a cumbersome book?When her food you do eat,You feel weak in the feetAnd go off to sleep in a nook.Rutgers.Mrs. Nuwed (wanting a new hat)"I cook, and cook for you and whatdo I get? Nothing!"Mr. Uuwed "You'r lucky, I getindigestion." Pathe Messenger."Does your cook give you any impertinence?" "No. She charges me ten a weekfor it. Washington Star.Wife (to attractive husband)"Have you kissed the new cook yet,William?"Husband "Why er no "Wife "Well, stupid, what are youwaiting for? And you know what atime we had to get her!" TownTopics.oASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuineTake Aspirin only as told in eachpackage of genuine Bayer Tablets ofAspirin. Then you will be followingthe directions and dosage worked outby physicians during 21 years, andproved safe by millions.Take no chances withr substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)TO DISTRIBUTE BUTTONSA button bearing a tobacco leaf innatural colors, surrounded by thewords, "Co-operative Marketing Burley Tobacco Growers' Association,"is to be given to each tobacco growerin Bourbon county, who signs thecontract of the Co-operative Marketing Association, according to WalterE. Hughes, of Lexington, secretary ofthe Organization Committee, whichhas its headquarters there. The buttons will be seven-eighths of an inchin diameter, and will be distributednext week, through the local chairman.I The ITheRedpathChautauquaiy .big- 7DAYSThe 100 ,Progrmmem"pAiiftvrr., jult s to ii:FOR MAYORWe are authorized to announce E.B. JANUARY as a candidate for reelection as Mayor -of the City ofParis, Kentucky, subject to the action of the Democratic party, primary election August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceCAPT. F. E. NELSON as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forMayor of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic voters m,the primary election, August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceJOHN MERRING2R as a candidatefor Mayor of the City of Paris, Kentucky, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary to be held onSaturday, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN," of Paris, as a candidatefor Mayors of the City of Paris, subject to the action- of the voters inthe primary election on August 6,1921.People persist in traveling, in spiteof strenuous efforts of the railroads tomake them want to stay, at home.BIRDS ROOFS IISHINGLE DESIGN ROOFINGFCTBBBJBJHBSBKAMHBHHBBHI BB iM I I" I eMeSSiMBlbvsrt'ir- ..t-V'.,:,. Vf 4."';VDO YOU WANT A SPOT OF COLOR?If you want to give a hi6h pitch roof a dash ofbeautiful red or green colore with a beautiful shingledesign, Bird's Shingle Design Roll Roofing isexactly what you need. KjVery moderate cost. Weatherproof and firesafe" for new buildings or over old wooden shingles.We've sold Bird's Roofs ;for years. They havesatisfied thousands of customers. Why? They are. Tionestly made and every dollar invested in Bird'sRoofs is sure to deliver 100 cents worth of down-right satisfaction. That's why we are boosters forBird's Roofs!BIRD & SON, inc. (Established 1785) East Walpole, Mass,PARIS DESIGN ROOFING CO.HOMER L. RANKIN, Manager(Cumberland Phone 899)Call Bourbon Lumber Co. Both Phones 12:2THE POWER 0E THE NICKELFOR COUNCILMANWe are authorized to announceGEORGE D. SPEXKES, of "Paris, asa candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from theMrt Ward of the City of Paris, subgeot' to the action of the voters atthi primary election, on August 6,1921. tL'L'iWe rfr authorized to announceWALLACE W. MTTCHJaLLi, or .rans,as a candidate for the DemocraticFirst Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters at theprimary election, on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceDR. WM. KENNEY, of Paris, as acandidate for Councilman from theFirst Ward of the City.of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August 6,1921.we are authorized to announceFRANK SKILLMAN, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election, on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceR. C. RUGGLES, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election on August 6,1921.We are authorized to announceCURTIS HENRY, of Paris, as a candidate for Counciman from the Second Ward of the City of Paris, subject Ilu uuc auuuu oi me voters or tneto the action of the voters at theprimary election, on Auugst 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceGEORGE DOYLE, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Councilman" 'from the ThirdJ Ward of the City of Paris, subjectto the action of the voter, at ikeThe humble five-cent piece, the!nickel, as it is generally known, haswonderful power when properlycombined with other nickels. Unionlabor has just awakened not only tothe power of the five-cent pieceproperly invested, but to the valueof advertising to meet the advertising put out by the open-shop advocates. From assessments of a nickela month on their members the labor runions propose Jlo raise a fund ofmore than $2,000,000 for advertisingpurposes and with this money to present the cause of union labor to thepublic through the medium of theleading newspapers and nationallycirculated magazines.There is much of good about theunion labor movement. It has donemuch toward improvement of thecondition of laboring men generallythe world over, not only of the members of labor unions, but of those whohave not belonged to the unions. Inmany .instances employers have paidmore than the union scale to non-unionlabor rather than undergo whatthey call the hampering of union regulations. But enough good has beendone by the union labor movementto make it appeal, to the public ifpresented properly in the way of advertising publicity. Employers havebeen quick to realize the value- ofpublic sentiment in labor controversies. Labor is only just now awakening to the value of tne puDiicssupport and utilizing thenickel to go after it.humblenomination for Councilman from 'the primary electionfon August x7 1921;Novel Tip.Spekklng of tips, a case recentlycame to our attention where a dinertendered a smart waitress an offer ofmarriag einformlng her. that he couldotrtitorortoVtiD waited, -but if shehad nonobjection she mifhtake-hinvjeelf. -The tip'wae accepted. soetenTranscript ' " , . rTWill u Have A'Ltft"If you have reason to believe, asmany have, that a change fromcoffee or tea would be wise,tryPostum CerealYou'll find what thousands ofothers have foundcomplete satisfaction to taste, and freedomfrom harm to nerves or digestionWhen coffee or tea disturbs, it'seasy to eet ud whereNvoubrfond:r4"rv Tjs.f4"wm-m-L.. vJ- W1U1 IT UOlUUlX vThere's'a ReasonSold by grocerseverywhereMadehvPostum Cereal Co.IncIkttle Creek,Mi&:BrMBEi. . -t.. .u::sdr ;:-")5!I- 'if-YPAGE EIGHTTBS BOURBON NEWfc IUUMB, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY S, 121'. TI JUST ODSTEI "S7VE3E3K: 3VE O IR IEr : ATTEND:"THE LEADER-Ji$!M1LLERSBURG ) DEATHS. M M k M f B A I jk! a?l ? Am mf TrASa-rM I liAMni f fnDPa a5v.PiI I 1Mr. Fred Hill is on the sick list.Mrs. Dr. Morford, of Swing, ismsiting B. F. Spencer.Miss Naomi Louise Best is visiting relatives in Maysville.. Dr. Will Savage, of Cincinnati,visited relatives liere Sunday.Mrs. Howard, of London, is vistiting her sister, Mrs. J. W. Hill.Mr. M. D. Hurst remains critically ill at his home on Trigg street.Miss Charlotte Styles, of Masoncounty, is visiting Miss Hattie "Wood.' Mrs. William Stone and son, ofSharpsburg, are visiting Mrs. J. 0.Ralls.Miss Jessie May Chrisp is attending Normal Institute at Richmond. Miss Sue Briggs, of Frankfort,is visiting her sister, Mrs. Julian jAllen.Mrs. Armilda Case, who died atthe Massie Hospital, in Paris, was"buried here Tuesday.Lee Clarke has returned to JjOu- FLORENCEisville alter a visit witn nis parenrs, Fred M. Florence, farmer, agedMr. and Mrs. James Clarke. forty-four, died Monday night at hisJ. T. Adair has returned to Ash- home near Old Union, after a shortland after a visit with his grand- illness. He is survived by his parmother, Mrs. Fannie Norton. j ents, Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Florence, hisMrs. Chas. Carrington and chil- widow, Mrs. Mary Florence, and onedren, of Irvine, are visiting her daughter, Miss Garnetta Florence,mother, Mrs. J. F. McDaniel. The funeral was held WednesdayProf, and Mrs. Harris have re-' afternoon at two o'clock, with serturned to Beattyville after a visit , vices conducted at the grave in thewith Dr. and Mrs. W. G-. Dailey. ; Jacksonville Cemetery by Rev. H. T.Mrs. Wm. Forthman and son, of Wood. The pall-bearers were: Thos.Covington, have returned home after Costello, Thos. Sears, A. C. Hipshire,a visit with Mrs. Luther Leggett. j Bailey Faulkner, Robert Dale and B.Mr. Foster Adams, of Irvine, C. Sharp.Ky., spent the week-end with his jparents, Rev. and Mrs. P. F. Adams, j WADEMrs. Ralph Miller and daugh- f William D. Wade, aged seventyter, Miriam, of Cincinnati, are visit- five, a prominent farmer of theing Mr. S. C. Bascom and daughter, Wades' Mill vicinity, near North Mid-JOLLY.J. F. Jolly, a well-known resident of Ewing, died at his home inthat place, Monday, after a short illness. He is survived by his widow,one daughter, Mrs. Robert Hammands, of Paris, and two brothers,Jefferson Jolly, of Ewing, and M.F. Jolly, of Mason county. The funeral and burial took place at Ewing.SAMPSONEsmer Pearl, the three-months-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Sampson, died at the home of herparents, on the Paris pike, Mondaynight at 9:30 o'clock, after an illnessof three weeks. Besides her parentsshe is survived by one brother, James,land one sister, Clara.The funeral was held Tuesday afternoon at five o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the Lexington Cemetery by Rev. W. J. Simpson.2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30TO-DAY, FRIDAYA Maurice Tourneur Production"THE BAIT"With HOPE HAMPTONThe tale of a crook who fished formoney with the charms of a beautiful girl.He found her 'framed up" for a crimeshe did not commit saved her from thelaw showered her with luxuries forcedher to trap the very man she loved. Thena murder! Who did it?The lights of Paris and shadows ofNew York, blended in one long thrill.Sue.Mrs. Charles Friend and children, of Lexington, are visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Carpenter. Colonel and Mrs. W. R. Nelsonand daughter have returned from aseveral weeks' visit with relativesin Mayrland.Miss Annie Power, who formerly lived here, died at her homein Oklahoma. The remains werebrought here for burial.James T. ("Bud") Dykes, a former resident of Millersburg, died athis home in Indianapolis, Ind., aftera. short illness of heart failure. Mr.Dykes moved to Indianapolis someyears ago.oVOTE IFOR PEARCE PATON.dletown, died Monday night at hishome on the North Middletown pike,after a short illness due to a complication of diseases.Mr. Wade is survived by his widow,who was formerly Miss Nannie Kindred, of Clark County.The funeral was held Wednesdaymorning at 10:30 o'clock, at the family home, with services conducted byRev. A. A. Ford. The burial folio wred on family lot in the North Middletown Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere Robert L. Bratton, Robert Kindred, G. B. Garrett, George Talbott,Dock Shelton, Tom Pendleton.LAWN SWINGS.Four-passenger lawn swings, goodas new.THE J. T. HINTON CO.-o 'SUGAR SPECIALPure cane sugar at $6.75 per 100nounds. 14 pounds for $1.00FARMER'S SUPPLYCO.rivBIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. Vertner Asbury,are the happy parents of a handsomedaughter, born Monday. Their firstchild.At Milwaukee, Wis., on Thursday, June 30, to the wife of IrvineKilliam, a daughter, Sylvia. Mrs.Killiam was formerly Miss VernaTurpia, of this city.OWENSUlysses S. Owens, aged fifty-six,died at his home on the Clintonvilleand Winchester pike, in' Clark coun-ty, Monday, after a short illness. Hewas a brother of Sherman Owens, ofParis.Besides his widow, Mrs. MaryBrowning Owens, he is survived bythree sons, Artis, Stanley and Livingston Owens; two daughters, Mrs.D. Baker and Mrs. Jack Collins, all ofClark county; also two brothers, J.Sherman Owens, of Paris, and Wm.N. Owens, of Lexington; and foursisters, Mrs. J. H. King of Clarkcounty; Mrs. Joseph Burke, of Fayette county; Mrs. Oscar Shaver, ofShelby county, and Mrs. W. M.Simms, of Lexington.The funeral was held at the JohnMilward Funeral Home, in Lexington, Tuesday afternoon at threeo'clock, with services conducted byRev. Griffin, of the Berea Christianchurch. The burial followed on thefamily lot in the Lexington Cemtery.CEMENT!I:i Addition:CHAS. HUTCHISONin "DOUBLE ADVENTURE"and Eddie Bo land in "Hurry West"Tomorrow, SaturdayHobart BosworthIN"His Own Law"It is a smashing story of two pals wholoved the same girl of a, clash betweenfriendship and love and of a code ofhonor stricter than any written law.DO NOT MISS THISBIG FILM!ALSOGeorge Bunny Comedy"Indigo Sunday"Monday, July 1 1 thEarle WilliamsThe favorite of thousands of motion picture fans in a role that presents him athis best. A combination of love, strangeevents, surprises and a few laughs, entitled"The RomanceProducers"Adapted from a popular magazine storyand made into a film of unusual interest.Also a Centurv Comedv"HAREM SKAREM"And Pathe NewsiSSmflSJSSSt The Bourbon OrchestraTonight and Tomorrow NightADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cHUTCHISON ITEMSBase BallSUNDAYParis RugglesYS.United Clothing Co.WestSecondParkStreetCaparoni will pitch for Paris.A rood came ii aaiured.Owing to expense of hiringpitchers we will have to chargeladies'25 cents.HAVE JUST TTNXOADED FRESHCAR CEMENT.(22apl-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.oONE-ARMED MUSICIANSpectators on the streets Wednesday were treated to a novel sight asthey wandered along, that of a onearmed mu&ician, who manipulatedseveral musical instruments at thesame time with apparent ease. Wm.H. Fultz, globe-trotter and worldtraveler, was the man who' attractedthe attention of passers-by by hisperformances, tFultz played a violin, a Frenchharp and autoharp, all at the samejtime, the latter instrument beingplayed by means of a wire attachedto the toe of his shoe. He renderedthe latest popular and classicalmusic in a manner, that would havebeen creditable to a more fortunateperson, in a physical way.Fultz was the personification ofgood nature and said that a manneed not necessarily be handicapped,by the absence of one Timb. Hemakes his way readily through theworld by his own efforts and seemsproud of his independence. He canuse a typewriter with equal ease ashe does his musical instruments, aswas evidenced by an exhibition hegave in the office of the Paris Commercial Club.Miss Edith Spegal was a guestTuesday af teroon of Mrs. Edgar Boaz.Mr. Robert Bell, who has beenill, is reported as being greatly improved. Mr. Ollie Harris has returned tohis home after a visit with his parents, in Winchester.Mr. William Ledford, of Carlisle,has returned to his home after a visitto Mr. Nathan Linville. ;Mrs. Dotson, of Lexington, isthe guest of her daughter and son,Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Craycraft. 'Misses Melissa Humphries andLillie Mae Smart have returned totheir homes from a visit to Mrs.Nathan Linville. JMiss Melissa Humphries has re-1turned to her home after a brief visit Ito her cousin, Miss Elizabeth McFarland, near Centerville.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Smith andfamily Miss Elsie Smith and Mr. Wm.Smart were recent visitors in Lexington, where they visited Blue GrassPark.While working with a gang ofhorses and hands on the farm Saturday afternoon, Paul Rice, of this vicinity, was thrown from a wagon,when his mules became frightenedand ran away. His right leg wasfractured. He was taken immediatelyto a Lexington hospital, where medical aid was given him. He was reported yesterday as resting comfortably.WINDSTORMS COMINGINSURE YOUR BUILDINGSAGAINST DAMAGE BY WIND ASWELL AS EIRE, WITH(1-tf) YERKES & PEED.oTAKE THEM OUTGive the baby some fresh air in oneof our carts.THE J. T. HINTON CO.O ;VALUABLE OLD RELICA diploma from the medical department of the Translvania University at Lexington, conferred in 1826on John Wesley Letton, of Bourbon,county, is now owned by his grandson, 'Forrest Letton, of near Paris, towhom it descended as a family heirloom. The diploma is written inLatin on parchment, and is remarkably well preserved. Dr. HoraceHolly was then president of Transylvania University. Other notablenames I attached to the diploma areiDr. Benjamin Dudley, Dr. Caldwelland Dr. Blythe, in their day andgeneration noted practitioners andmedical lecturers at the University.Mr. Letton prizes the old relic veryhighly.n 4OUR GREAT SALENow Going OnBrand New Summer FootwearThe very latest styles in White Canvas Tan andBlack Kid Leathers at prices lowest in years.Buy now at this economy sale and save realmoney.Just a Few of the Great Values on SaleSPECIAL"ne loi t.aaies' tsiack uxtords Hf rValue $5.00, for ZblaUULadies' Tan and Black Kid EnglishLace Oxfords, $6.00 values now . .$3.49Ladies' Beautiful newest Brown Kid Strapand Lace Oxfords, values to $6.50. On saleS3.99WHITE FOOTWEAR! A wonderful selection. Specirl big values. Canvas Lace Oxfords and Straps. On saleS1.99HAIL STORMS COMINGINSURE TUE TOBACCO:AGAINST DAMAGE BY HATESTORMS WITHC1"") YERKES & PEED.Men's Shoes and OxfordsAt a Wonderful SavingTan English and Blucherstyle. Rubber heels, $7.00values. On sale$3.99A lot of Misses' and Children's $3.00 Slippers on saleS1.99 u&eNJ) AMen's Tan Ventilated LaceOxfords. Cool and Comfortable. On saleS1.99Men's $3,00 Shoes on saleS1.99fr-lk'DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Eeoaoay Rdjii v;? 'ir