: Jr5--Js ""'-C- ll-..-."CA. -. . - "fJ,. , $ tf -ssJTX- -'THENEWS.r'tki tWiti , irafcV'. -- PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAt AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.--VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON-COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1921tse. ;, -.. --"BOURBONNHM-I1.tV.SHALLWE HAVEGROUND.A PLAYITor some time past there have beendiscussions on the matter of publicplaygrounds for the children of Parisbut for the lack of an active leaderthe movement had not progressed far.Now the Paris Commercial Clubhas taken the matter in hand, and acommittee appointed for the purposehas taken 'charge and will investigate the feasibility of such a project. The movement is certainly oneof decided interest to our people,and most certainly to the young people. THE NEWS sincerely hopes thepeople of Paris will lend their earnestcooperation to the efforts of the Commercial Club and the PlaygroundsCommittee and make the playgrounda success.There are hundreds of children in-the City of Paris who have no placeto play, and run the streets becauseof nowhere else to go to enjoy funand amusement that other and morefortunate children enjoy. The littleback yard or side yard of the average home does not hold much inducement for the play spirit of red-bloodedchildren, and there should be someplace provided for them where theirlittle limbs may be needed exercisepnd their souls develop a love of thegreat out doors.We feel that the children of thiscommunity should be helped at leastto this extent, and we are firmly ofthe opinion that the public playgiound is the best way in which tohelp the youngsters. It would notonly afford them a place of enjoyment, but would help improve themphysically. Let us all get behind theCommercial " Club and the Playgrounds Committee and make theproject an assured one. It can bedone. Will we do it? is the question.FORMER-PARIS MAN ON TRIALFOR MURDER.Mike Ward, aged 35, for manyyears a resident of Paris, was placedon trial for his life in the KentonCounty Circuit Court, Tuesday morning, on the charge of murder in connection with -the killing of Dennis"Mahoney, of Marietta, Ohio, lastOctober. Ward is alleged to haveentered a Pike street saloon in Covington, and, after upsetting a tableat which several men were playing-cards, shot and killed Mahoney as hewas attempting to leave the room.THE LEADER.An exceptional line of BetterReady-To-Wear is being received.THE LEADER.BLAZE IN RAILWAY STATION.At five o'clock Wednesday afternoon the fire department was calledto extinguish a blaze in the UnionStation in Winchester. The originof the fjre is not known. Severalhundred dollars' damage was done.llHllllHlllHIHMIIHHttlllllMllllIllHlllHFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSJ.4i:We Are Now ShowingSPRINGMODELSmFrocks, Suits and WrapsBLOUSES IN ALL THE NEW MATERIALSAND SHADESHAND MADE BLOUSES IN BATISTE ANDVOILEIN OUR PIECE GOODS DEPARTMENT:CANTON CREPE IN ALL THE NEW SHADESNEW WOOL AND SILK SKIRTINGSFRENCH AND DOMESTIC GINGHAMS ANDVOILESDRESS LINENS"SHOP fAT irrlOME"FRANK & CO.LADIES1 OUTFITTERSMJAiltlUJJlMIJIilOtMt'MMMIOWlBASKET BALL GAMES.The Boy Scout basket ball team lostTuesday night to the Knight ofColumbus Midgets, by the score of4 to 2, in a hard fought game on theY. M. C. A. floor. The teams linedup as follows: K. of C. Midgets R.Lenox and Adams, forwards; Terry,Center; Kenney and J. Lenox,guards; Boy Scouts Collier ind Wil-mott, forwards; Brown, Center;Mann ana mnton, guards.The Paris Y. M. C. A. team and theLexington Knights of Columbus basket ball team met in a contest on theSenior High School floor in Lexington last, nignt. THE NEWS went topress before the game had been finished and the result was not learned. The Lexington team defeated thelocal team some time ago by a scoreof 32 to 24.By defeating the University ofGeorgia basket ball team at Atlanta,Tuesday, night by a score of20 to 19, in the SouthernIntercolligiate Athletic Association tournament, the 1 Universityof Kentucky team becomes championsof the South. They returned to Lexington, Wednesday night, and wereaccorded a great ovation. Capt.Basil Hayden and Robert Lavin, ofParis, were stars on the team. Capt.Hayden is a son of Mr. and Mrs. J.W. Hayden and a graduate of ParisHigh School, where he starred on thebasket ball team. This is his lastyear at the K. U. where he pursuedacourse in industrial chemistry. Hehas played on the team two years.Robert Lavin is a son of Mr. and Mrs.M. J. Lavin, of Paris, and also a P.H. S. graduate. He won his letter inbasket ball two years. He is a member of the Junior Class at K. U. andhas made good as a foot ball player.NOTES OF THE LODGES.The third degree in Odd Fellowship was conferred Monday night onThomas Sadler and Albert Johnsonat the regular meeting of. BourbonLodge,- No. 26, I. 0. O. F.The First Rank was conferred ona numoer 01 candidates at tne meeting of Rathbone . Lodge No. 12,Knights of Pythias, last night.The Pythian Sisters, auxiliary ofthe Knights of Pythias, held an important meeting last night. A number of petitions were passed upon.The matter of entertaining the StateGrand Lodge was discussed.At the meeting of the local Rebekah Lodge last night a degree team-to confer the work on new candidatesfor admission to the order, was organized. BILLY SUKPAY IN CINCINNATIBilly Sunday, the noted evangelist,will begin his great revival in theTabernacle in Cincinnati next Sunday. All cannot hear htm, but allcan read his sermons in the Cincinnati Post. See advertisement in thisissue of .THE NEWS.IN ALL SHADES,PARIS POSTOEETCE ROBBEDSurgrlars Blow Safe In Early Morning: Hour Loss Probably $25,000Yeggman paid a visit in the earlymorning hours yesterday to the Panspostofflce, and after blowing the safeand valut in the main room and inthe registry and money order . department got away with stamps,registered ma"il matter and other valuables, estimated anywhere between$15,000 and $25,000. 'Until achecking up of the office is made bythe postal authorities there is nomeans of telling the exact value ofthe property taken.The burglary was evidently thework of experts. Entry into thebuilding was effected by biea&ngout a pane of glass in the rear ofthe money order room, by which thewindow catch was reached and released. Footprints in the soft groundunderneath the. window were discovered shortly after the robberywas noted. Gaining access to therocjm the yeggs laid their plans carefully. The use of nitroglycerine wasresorted to, the "soup" being pouredin around the combination of thedoors, and carefully plugged up withputty. Overcoats arid raincoats belonging to employes of the postofflcewere used to deaden the noise of theresulting explosion. The heavy doorswere blown open, the lock beingbadly mutilated. The yeggmen thenforced open the doors of the vaultand looted the contents." Stamps,war savings stamps, money, and registered mail formed the bulk of theloot.The yeggs attempted to blow theinner vault in the main room ofthe office, but some hitch occurredand the stout steel doors, thoughslightly damaged by the foice of fhcexplosion, still held intact. Theouter doors were blown open, thesame methods being used as in themoney order department. Putty WdSscattered about the place, showingthe force of the explosions and themeans used to attain the end. Thecombination and their knobs v. ereleft lying on the floor by the yegg-men.The part of the vault in the frnoneyorder room which had not heenbroken into by the burglars wasopened yesterday afternoon with anacetylene torch by a local machinistand its contents found to be intact.Nothing that would to the untrained eye seepn a clue was left bythe yeggmen, and only the mutilatedfloors, and the scattered- putty gaveevidence of thelrsit. . . ,Residents of the vicinity claim tohave heard a dull explosion aboutthree o'clock yesterday morning,while others say they did not hearanything beyond the usual nightnoises of that vicinity.The police were notified as soon asthe burglary was discovered, andPostofflce inspectors at Cincinnatiand Louisville wee wired of thehappening. Inspectors arrived lateyesterday afternoon, and immediatelywent to work on the case, with theassistance of the local police.This is the seennd tinii the localoffice has been the object of yeggmen's visit. The mall safe in theoffice was burglarized several yeirsago, but the thieve got very littleof value for their trouble.Postmaster J. Walter Payne statedyesterday afternoon late that itwould be impossible to give out information as to the loss, until theinspectors had checked up the office.. oATTRACTIVE MILLINERY DISPLAY. Knok, Phipps, Voague, Hyland?,Gage, Pike, Ricnmond, ana xuauyother beautiful lines now on show.(4-3t) MRS. MAYME PARKER.0MAKE UP YOUR ORDER BURPEE.GARDEN AND FLOWER &btua.We have on sale our new stock ofBurpee's Garden and Slower Seedsand furnish everything listed at catalogue prices. Come in and get anew catalogue and make up your order while you can get just what youwant.ARDERY DRUG GU.(l-2t)oMEETING OF BARRY COUNCIL.At o larelv attended meeting ofrr j, -Do,. Pftnnr.il AmericanAssociation for Recognition of theTvish Remiblic. several matters 01 1m-portance were discussed and transnnfpH The membership committeereported several new members."The feature of the meeting, which,oc Vioid in ip Catholic Club oniHigh street, was the address by T. B.Kelly, of Lexington, president of theState Association. Mr. Kelley, vnhis address, reported progress beingmade in the County, State, and Nation, and gave an eloquent predictionof the future of the movement.HELPYOURSELF TO SAVE.We have helped some buyhomes. We have helped otherssave their earnings. We have enabled others earn good interest onsmall investments. Why not letus help you? Join our new seriesSaturday, March 5, and secure themeans that will help you attainyour ambition.PEOPLES' BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION.Off m at Pejplcs Dfjojk Bankst -a fl ? -- - -?Tnit C$.-.ifc iU "THE TOBACCO MARKET.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany finished the blocked ala oftic tires and inner tubes for automo-brf,715 pounds was sold in theirParis home for 33,062.41, an averageof $12.53. A crop of 3,350 pounds,belonging to Henry Ingels, broughtthe highest average of the day's sale,$81.00 per hundre'd pounds. Othercrop averages ranged "from $20 to$28.78.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold at the Monday'ssale a total of 174,585 pounds of tobacco for an average of $13.21. Thebest average of the sale was a cropof 6,745 pounds, belonging toHedges, Grimes & Day, which average $30.49 a hundred pounds. Othercrops ranged from $21 up. .The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. sold yesterday in the BourbonHouse No. 3, 135,290 pounds of to-Hbacco for prices ranging from 50cents to $53.00 per hundred. Themarket for better grades was strongand active but there was a considerable quantity of very poor tobaccoin this sale.The highest average in the sale was$39.66 per hundred pounds, whichwas realized on a crop of 2,365pounds belonging to Woodford andStuart. Other crops realized averages"-of $35.11, $33.69, $30.26,$25.75, $24.37, and $20.32.The Paris tobacco market has beenslightly "off" this week, due to theinferior-quality of the offerings Thesmall amount of good red leaf tobacco on the floors brought good prices.Receipts are dwindling daily, and itis evident the greater percentage ofthe season's crop has been marketed.0PARIS ICE PLANT ADDS DISTILLED WATER PLANT.Messrs. Solar & Pendry, of theParis Ice Manufacturing Co., are incommunication with a large NewYork manufacturing firm, looking tothe establishing in the local iceplant of a hard water plant for making ice, and also a water distillingplant.By means of these additions totheir equipment they will be enabledto manufacture ice without depending solely on the condensing apparatus, and will be in a position to furnish a fine quality of ice at all times.The addition of these plants will makethe Paris Ice Company take still higher rank'as one of the most completeof its kind and capacity in the State.Messrs Solar & Pendry are determined to make the local plant onethat -will be nrenared to meet themost exacting hot weather demands,and to xnaT, ena are placing oraersfor the most up-to-date machinery.oBIG SALEOF HARNESSCASH.FORWe are selling $80 sets of harnessfor $60; $70 sets for $55; $18Breeching for $14; $15 Breechingfor $12; S13 Breeching $10 per set;$4.50 Bridles for $3.50; $2.75 Bridlesfor $2.00; $8.00 Check Lines for$6.00; $7.00 Check Lines for $5.00;Collar Pads, worth 75. cents, now 50cents; anything you need in harnessat a big saving.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.(It)oDRY CLEANING AND PRESSINGNICELY DONE.Dry Cleaning and pressing neatlydone by competent workmen. Cleaning and pressing two-piece suit,$1.25; three-piece suit, $1.50; pressing or cleaning $50c. Work guaranteed strictly first-class. Give me acall.LOGAN AYRES,over Jno Ayres Barber Shop.(It)oHERE'S N2WS, INDEED!The "Traveling Men's Department"of The Lexington Herald contains thefollowing items of interest to Parispeople :"Logan Howard, formerly of Paris,is now representing Reed, Murdoch& Co., of Chicago, and is makingLexington his home and headquarters. Mr. Howard is going, to jointhe U. C. T.'s next Saturday."J. W. Howard, better known as"Bud," representing the Van CampHardware Co., of Indianapolis, is nowmaking Lexington his home and head-' Quarters. He is covering the Gen-j tral Kentucky territory. We are cer-xamiy giaa xo nave nun wiui uj.o-PAY YOUR GAS ANDBILLS.ELECTRICDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bill and save theregular discount. Pay today do notput it off it saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(l-3t)oPUBLIC SALE AT J. L. HORTONFARM, SATURDAY.J. L. Horton will sell at public auction on the Wright farm on the Humeand Bedford pike, near Paris, at 10o'clock, Saturday morning, March 5,his entire herd of dairy cows, all ofhis stock, crop, farming implements,household and kitchen .furniture, etc.Be sure to attend this sale. GeorgeD. Speakes, Auctioneer. (l-2t)oNEWSPAPER ESTABLISHED ATRAVENNA.Victor V. Vinson, publisher of theEstill Tribune, has established afcJntM atYmmot the R, Scret and EiRavenna under xneR&venma Herald. W. A.EarV Lynch are editors.COMMERCIAL CLUB NOTES.At a special meeting of the Boardof Directors of the club. Harold Harris made-a short talk, asking supportof the club in the organization of the ;Y. M. C. A. Band, which is now en-1gaged in rehearsing. The club sug- Jgested that a minstrel show or somepuoiic entertainment might be stag-ea, tne proceeds to be devoted to tnebenefit of the band.The third noon day luncheon givenby the Commercial Club was held inthe ground floor room of the Wilsonbuilding, at the corner of Main andThird streets, Tuesday, with abouteighty guests, in attendance. Themenu was fully up to the standard I Newport, and from there was trknaof the other luncheons given by the ferred to Brnnlrsviii. tt -w .club, and was prepared and served ,x vlr. """" f Kjwv-icuj vj. msiiat ron xnomas, ana later was ssntunristian cnurcn.John M. Brennan presided as toast-rmaster. The principal theme of discussion was the matter of public playgrounds for the children of Paris.Mr. Brennan, in a neat little speech,declared himself unequivocally infaftror of the project, and, on behalfof himself and Mrs. Brennan tendered the use of a lot 50x200 feet, located in the southern part of the city,as the starting point for the proposedplaygrounds. Mr. Brennan stronglyemphasized the necessity for suchplaygrounds, where children wouldbe out of danger such as i;hey encountered in playing about the streetsof Paris. At the conclusion of hisremarks, which were liberally applauded, he introduced Hon. WoodDunlap, of the Lexington Board ofPark Commissioners, who told of thedevelopment of that city's park system and the public playgrounds ofLexington, and suggested ways inwhich to establish a playground forParis. He paid a high tribute to thelate Mrs. Madeline McDowell Breckinridge, to whose untiring efforts thechildren of Lexington are today enjoying -their public playgrounds. Mr.Dunlap was followed by Judge DenisJ)undon, who told of the pleasure thechildren of Houston Avenue derivedfrom a small playground in that vicinity, which had been arranged withswings and sand piles some time ago.Judge Dundan strongly approved theproject.The next noonday luncheon to begiven by the club will be held onTuesday, March 15, in the Wilsonroom and will be prepared and servedby the ladies of the Methodist church.oRILEY GRANNON'S "PAL" VISITSIN LOUISVILLE.D. W. R. Kenney,- former "pal"and business associate of the lateRiley Grannon, of Paris, is registered at the Tyler Hotel in Louisville.Mr. Kinney has just come from Canada where he completed a deal for theshipment of a large consignment ofcoal to Russia. Kinney is now prospering in the coal and oil industries.When Riley Grannon, followingthe bright days of his plunging careerdied, penniless, at Rawhide, Montana, Kinney hastened to that cityand brought his friend's body toParis, for interment. Many of thenoted exploits of the famed Grannonon the race tracks of the countrywere shared in by Kinney, who has afund of recollections testifying tothe wonderful character of the "manwho had ten thousand friends andnever deserted one."0NOT A CANDIDATEMr. Ben Woodford desires THENEWS to. state that he is not a candidate for Deputy Tax Commissioner with D. C. Lisle, of Bourbon, aspreviously published, and that theuse of his na,me was unauthorized.The announcement in Tuesday'sNEWS was given in by Mr. Lislehimself, which we published as authentic. READ THE AD OF THE MOBERLYSALE.A modern six-room cottage, property of T. J. Moberly, located in EastjParis, will be sold at public sale onMonday, March 7, at 11:00 a. m.Read the ad in this issue for particulars. (l-2t)Flowers!We order from eitherChristman, of Paris, orfrom Lexington florists,your choice. Quick delivery and careful attento all orders.J0 VARDENlit-TTFATHER COLEMAH REPORTS If BHEW CHARGE. - -After a residence In Pari ofabout a year, as nmatar of .tfeChurch of the Annunciation, SotvFather Thomas Coleman, left jmterday for Ludlow, where he willassume charge of the congregationof St. James Catholic church. "J1- "ther Coleman succeeds Rev. Fa1Thomas Kehoe, who died last Wednesday. Father Coleman served as assistant pastor of St. Patrick's church,in Covington, several years ago. Halater becagne assistant pastor of theimmaculate Conception church, inpointed pastor of St. James churchto Paris.Father Coleman's successor, RevvFather William O'Hare, of Nickolasville, arrived yesterday to takeup his work. He will officiate atthe services at the church to-night,and will officiate Sunday.0Y. M. CA. NOTES.The basketball committee of thtj.Y. M. C. A. has issued the followingI statement in regard to the game played on the local floor, Friday night,between the Lexington and Paris YVM. C. A. teams:"To Our Basketball Patrons:"The Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.wishes to make an apology to theirbasketball patrons who were presentat the game last Friday night between the Lexington and BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A. teams. -"We scheduled the game with theLexington Y. M. C. A. first team. Atthe last minute this team refused toabide by their agreement with us,whereupon the Lexington Y. M. C. A.officials did what they could by sending a substitute team."We regret your disappointmentand will endeavor to prevent its recurrence. "BASKETBALL COMMITTEE,"Bourbon County Y. M. C. A."oBIG CASH SALE. "Big reduction on everything in ourstore; 25 off on all Robes andBlankets; 50c Coffee at 40c; P. &G. Soap, 81-3c; Ivory Soap, 8c;Lenox Soap, 6 for 25c; Large CanTomatoes, 15c; Sugar Corn, 12 cper can; Chum Salmon, 10c per can;Syrup, 73c per gallon.FARMERS' SUPPLY -GO.-(It). -oFRESH FISH FOR TO-DAY.Nice fresh fish received U-4ayand to-morrow. Remember wedress fish free and deliver thempromptly.MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKET.We Know HowNettletpnShoesReduced to$15.00Witchelk fShoesReduced$4.inTHE PAIRThe above prices arebargains and are madeto raise cash.Come in TO-DAY andget a pair of H highgrade shoes at a reasonable price.MITCHELL &BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MMX4l-M4trrJ -.y.CT.---J'-H -- " XfcJkyT7-r.2v-P AG TWOIE BOURBON NEWSIMHi hed 188140 Years of Continuous PublicationNHkhed Ercry Tuesday and Fridayr Year. .$2.006 Kontns. .$1.00Payable in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.vXfctored at the Paris, Kentucky,Poatoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)oreIX)REIGN EEE&ESENTATIVES. v.Kc&t York American Press Association. flucago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son." Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.'Itoisville Lowinan-Mulliean Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 1.00 periacU-for first time; 50 cents per inchMob subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineaadtri38ue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candiAates, obituaries and resolutions, and.similar matter, 10 cents per line.8pecal rates lor large advertisestents ami yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivedto dateline any advertisement or othersaatter for publication.Announcements for political officeslust Invariably be accompanied byie cash.' Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected If brought to attention oftke editor.GOOD NEWS IF TRUE.No better news comes to our earsthan the prediction that there will bea general drop in the price of building materials about March 1. If thisforecast be verified by events, thenthe tyranny of the profiteering landlord must soon end.The only real remedy for the evilof a'housing shortage is more houses.Some of the worst and more oppressed ills engendered by it may be mitigated temporarily through regulation,perhaps through legislation; but thewhole brood of evils will vanish whenbuilding becomes again a profitableenterprise.The trouble about attempting tocurb the landlord profiteer throughlegislation is that laws designed forthis purpose are apt to be .equallyeffective in discouraging new building; hence they tend to postpone theonly satisfactory treatment for the.situation.If labor will 'consent to revise the-wage schedule and the material dealers to revise the price list by autumn,there should be an appreciable improvement, and if such a program canbe announced now it will have a salutary effect-immediately upon landlords who are planning, further increases in rents.oBURLEYGROWERS' DIRECTORSTO MEET.The first annual meeting of theboard of directors of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Association and itssubsidiary organization, the BurleyTobacco Marketing Company, will beheld at the offices of the organizations in the Lafayette Hotel, in Lexington, Monday, March 7, PresidentJohn W. Newman announced Saturday. Proxies have been mailed to everymember of the Association, to be filled out and returned, in case the member cannot attend the meeting, designating another member to represent the absent member.Election of officers and routinebusiness matters will be the onlybusiness "to come before the meeting,it wras said.WORDS FROM HOME.Statements That May Be Investigated. Testimony of Parts Citizens.When a Paris citizen comes to thefront, telling his "friends and neighbors of his experience, you can relyon his sincerity. The statements of.people residing in far away places donot command your confidence. Home-endorsement is the v kind that backsDoan's Kidney Pills. Such testimonyis convincing. Investigation provesit true. ' Below is a statement of a-Paws resident. No stronger proof ofmerit can be had.Joe Kiely, prop, shoe repair shop,11 Seventh St., says: "Doan's KidneyPills did me a world of good and Itake pleasure in recommending themto anyone suffering with kidneytrouble. I was a sufferer from kidney complaint and my back achedmost of the time. My kidneys wereweak and the secretions were highlycolored and contained sediment. Ilost my sleep at night as there wasno let up to the pain in my back. Igot four boxes of Doan's Kidney Pillsat Ardery's Drug Store and usedthem according to directions. Theyrid me of the trouble entirely."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don't.simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Kiely had. Poster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv.)-oBuenos Aires has the only factoryin.'the Argentine producing pneumatic tires and inner tubes for automoMUe. Farmers in ' Pennsylvaniaownjmzo motor trucks. ., ... 'REPORT OF THE HEALTH ANDrrcLrAKC LbAUUb.At the recent meeting of the ParisCity Council, the following report ofMrs. James McClure, treasurer, ofthe Bourbon Countv Health and WaI..fare League, covering the period between January l, 1920, and January1, 1921, was read and accepted. Thereport is a very comprehensive one,and embraces a variety of detailsconcerning the work of the League.The report is as follows:Balance in Bank January 1,1920 $1,877.33Funds received 2,864.95Total $4,742.28Less total expenditures $3,294.82Balance in bank January 1,1921 $1,147.46FUNDS RECEIVED.Bourbon county $600.00City, of Paris 600.00Metropolitan Life Ins. Co 327.75Dues 66640Private Cases 33.00Christmas Seals sale 481.47Donations, etc 156.33Total $2,864.95EXPENDITURES.Nurse's Salary $1,500.00Office rent 130.00Telephone 28.45Extra nurses 42.00Automobile expenses 141.00Funds expended by nursefor relief work 1,404.25Incidentals 49.12Total $3,294.82DEAD KENTUCKIAN WAS COUNTRY'S BIGGEST COP.Smith Cook, 64 years old, formerdoorkeeper of the Kentucky House ofRepresentatives and known as "thelargest policeman in the world," diedFriday at Kansas Ch)y, where he wasa veteran of the police department.He was 6 feet 9 inches tall andweighed 275 pounds.Mr. Cook, known as "the Kentuckygiant," when he traveled with circuses, was born and reared in Shelby county, being one of a family "ofthirteen children. Only two survive,Mrs. Ella C. Holette, Louisville, andSimeon Cook, Shelbyville.A crazed woman he had arrested,bit Cook on the leg in 1904. Bloodpoisoning developed, confining him tobed three months. He never fullyrecovered and did not return to dutyas a patrolman. For a time he wasa turnkey, but for nine years hadbeen an invalid. He joined the Kansas City Police Department in 1895.In 1901 the St. Louis Police Department sent a challenge coontendingit had the largest patrolman in theUnited States. The Kansas City department entered Cook, who won byseveral inches.ALUMNI CLUBS OF .KENTUCKYUNIVERSITY."Help our Alma Mater reach herplace among the great universities ofthe country" is the slogan adopted byalumni clubs of the University ofKentucky now being organizedthroughout Kentucky.Seventeen county clubs are in process of organization now in Kentuckyand are carrying on membership campaigns. Five counties are embracedin organizations already formed.Committees from sectional clubs ofstudents now in the University willaid in this movement while at homefor the Eastern holidays.It is planned to enroll every one ofthe 16,000 former "students and graduates of the University in the AlumniAssociation through these local clubs.Members of the Association will bekept in touch with activities on thecampus and among the alumnithrough the various bulletins published by the University and theweekly student publication, TheKernel. Their aid will be sought ingetting new students, in supportingundergraduate activities such asathletics and dramatics and in disseminating the "Kentucky idea."A club is being organized in Bouibon county, the work being promotedby Capt. William Collins.BOB FRANKLIN BOOMEDGOVERNOR RACE.FORTaking time by the forelook friendsof Robert B. Franklin, Frankfort,have started a real boom to land forhim the Democratic gubernatorialnomination, in 1923. Some of theshrewdest leaders in the party arebehind the movement to make theFrankfort man the standard-bearerin the next State campaign. TheFranklin boomers claim that foravailability and strength he is an outstanding figure in the party and citethat during all his eventful politicalexperience he has never been alliedwith any faction in the party. WhileMr. Franklin has been actively identified with State politics for the lasttwenty-five years, he gained a national reputation as Commonwealth'sAttorney in the prosecution of thefamous Goebel murder cases. He isa splendid campaigner and as astump-speaker has few equals. Hissupporters are actively engaged insetting the pins for him and to hearthem talk Mr. Franklin is off to aflying start.UNIQUE ANNOUNCEMENT OF ACANDIDATE. 'In what is regarded as the mostunusual announcement on record bya candidate, J. W. Rider, Mt. Vernon,says: "Lost My job as porter atthe Rockcastle hotel. Mollie's gone.Looking for a job. I can do a littlebit of anything; I've "hoboed, builtrailroads, worked on a farm, builtturnpikes, built houses, garages, andoh, you stock barn. I have seen bothsides of life, have made whiskv andIsold whisky, got full of it and othersI Till! hraon ir "toil Vov m.J- i'i.been lied to and lied on, made somemoney and lost some money, andgiven away more than I have lost.Now when the day comes around forthe stockholders of this county, toselect the man they want to hire ascounty judge, think this matter over,and if you want to make 'a trad withB"l come in or gend your proxies."THE BOURBON NEWS,NO RACE SUICIDE.Joseph Scott, colored, aged seventy-one residing in Ruckerville, is thefather of seventeen living childrenand of four who are dead. Scott anindustrious and" well-liked man, wasborn in slavery times, and was theproperty of the late Jonathan Owens,of the North, Middletown vicinity.Scott was twice married and hadten children by his first wife andeleven by the second, who is living.He was employed for over twentyfive years by Wm. Hall, near Kiserton, but when Mr. Hall moved to Ohioto reside Scott said he could not leavehis old Bourbon home -and came toParis to spent his remaining days.Lost RingSomewhere in Paris, on February 3, a soltalre diamond ring.Finder will receive reward by returning to jmy office, over G. S. Varden & Son's drug store.MRS. HARRIET MINAKER.(15-tf)Public SaleI will sell atpublic auction,onSATURDAY,MARCH 5, 1921,at ten o'clock, the following Hpsrrih-.W3 property:Household and kitchen furniture,consisting of three suites furniture,four or five "gas stoves; oven"; onerefrigerator; one water cooler; onegasoline stove, and many other thingstoo numerous to mention.ANNA S. HUTCHCRAFT.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(l-2t)SPECIALCOMMISSIONER'SSALEBOURBON QUARTERLY COURTS. R. Hudnall PlaintiffVs. Notice -of Sale.Jack Hill and John WillHill DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe Febiuary term, 1921, of theBourbon Quarterly Court in thestyled cause therein pending, theundersigned Special Commissionerwill sell at public auction at thefront door of the court house inParis, Kentucky, on Monday, March7, 1921, at about the hour of 11: 0Qo'clock a. m the following described property:One Five-passengerCar.Ford TouringSaid sale will be made upon credits of three months, the purchaserbeing required to execute bond forpurchase money, with good and approved surety, payable to the undersigned Special Commissioner and tobe approved by said' Special Commissioner. Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying a debt of S. R. Hudnall against Jack Hill and JohnWill Hill ajmounting to Twenty-SixDollars, and Sixty Cents ($26.60)with interest at the rate of 6 fromNovember 1, 1920, and the costs ofthis action. Total debt, interestand costs as estimated as of the dateof sale amounting to $54.24.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Special Commissioner.C. A. MCMILLAN, Atly. for Plaintiff(febl8-25mar4)SPECIALSALEBOURBON QUARTERLY COURTS. R. Hudnall PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Pete Carter . . . . r. . . DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and ortfer of sale rendered atthe February term, 1921, of theBourbon Quarterly Court, in theabove styled cause therein pendinsr,the undersigned Special Commissioner will sell at public auction atthe front door of the Court House,in Paris. Kentucky, on March 7,1921, at about the hour of 11:00o'clock a. an.; the following described property:OneCar..Five-Passenger Ford TouringSaid sale will be made uponcredits of three months, 'the purchaser being required to execute abond for purchase price with goodsurety, payable to the undersignedSpecial Commissioner and to be approved by said Special Commissionoi.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying a debt of S.- R. HudnalK against Pete Carter amountingto Eighty-Four Dollars and FomCents ($84.04) with interest at therate of 6 fiom November 1, 1920,until paid and the costs of this action. Total debt, interest and costsas estimated as of the date of the-sale amounting to $114. 71?W. G. McCLINTOCK,Special Commissioner.C. A McMUJLAN, Atty. for Plaintiff(febl8-25mar4) "COMMISSIONER'SPARIS, KENTUCKYFoundFound, a gold pin, skull and crossbones, blue stone in one eye, anared stone in other. Owner can obtain same by calling at Owsley &Co.'s restaurant, .proving properlyand paying advertising charges.(25-tf)Public SaleThe famous Jersey Herd of the lateCapt. James, Rogers; also stock andfarm implements, 1I will sell, on the premises, on theCane Ridge tPike about 8 miles fromParis, on .TUESDAY, MARCH8, 1921,m. the fol-beginning at 1 o'clock plowing:12 extra good Jersey cows, severalwith young calves, remainder to befresh soon;1 Jersey bull;7 yearling Jersey heifers;4 yearling steer calves;4 weanling calves;1 four-year-old saddle mare;1 three-year-old saddle horse ;2 work horses;3 sows and pigs;1 top buggy;1 no-top buggy;2 wagons;1 feed slide;Plows, harrows, cultivators andother farm implements too numerousto mention.THOMAS DRENNAN.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(l-2t)Public SaleHaving "decided to quit farming Iwill sell at public auction, at myfarm, about 10 miles from Paris onthe Hawkins and Cummins pike, andone-fourth mile, from Center HillSchool, onTHURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1921,the following personal property oflivestock, farming implements andhousehold goods:2 Jersey cows and calves:1 pure bred Poll Angus cow, three .years old;1 bay work team ;1 brown mare;1 yearling mare pony;1 hay rake;2 mowing machines;2 cultivating harrows;2 riding cutivators;2 2-horse wagons;-1 feed sled;Some baled hay, oats and straw;Several sets of work gears;2 fine shovel plows;1 cream separator;1 coal oil range;1 coal and wood range;1 heating stove;1 new washing machine;42 lard kettles;1 sausage grinder;Lot of empty glass fruit jars; '1 organ;1 wardrobe;1 dining table ;6 dining room chairs;1 safe with glass doors;1 davenport, rugs carpets androckeis, and a lot of other things toonumerous to mention.Terms made known on day of sale.MRS. ELIZABETH MARSHALL..COL GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer(Mar 1-4-8)Invest InHome IndustriesMake your New Year present this year onethat will give a future return. Our shortterm bonds due in 1929 net 7.6" interestper year. We refund the 4 mill State Taxand Normal Income Tax.$50 Bond sold for ,$45$100 Bond sold for $90Terms cash or on installment plan ask any-Lexington Utilities156 WestPortion Wanted.An experienced stenographer,best of reference, open for position.Call BOURBON NEWS, or 844 EastTenn. 'Pht.ne. (adv)Bottom Drops Oat ofLumber PricesPrices have declined 40 to 50 "percent, and we are cutting our pricesin, line with' the market, giving thepublic the advantage of this big reduction. If you have anything in our lineto buy, we feel that now is yourchance.We shall be pleased to give you anestimate on your wants.MANSFIELD - JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.Cumberland Phone 711. Home 610.PUBLIC SALE6-RoomHaving' decided to go back to my farm in Montgomerycounty, I will offer for sale at public auction onMONDAY, MARCH 7, 1921,at 11 o'clock, at the court house door, my home, located in EastParis. House is modern, has lights, bath, good dry cellar, andall necessary outbuildings, such as garage, meat house, etc.Also has about one acre of ground.J. T. MoberlyGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information apply ot Harris, Speakes & Harris.HimnininimmiiiiiiMniiiiiiHtiiiniiiiiiMBourbon NurseriesBeautify Your HomeA home without planting is like a good picture in abad frame. We are booking orders now for Spring delivery. If you are in doubt about what to plant, call on' us.Evergreen and Deciduous Trees and ShrubsOur SpecialtiesA'full line of Fruit Trees and Small Fruits, bestvarieties.AU kinds of Vines, Roses and Hardy Flowers.By TRADING AT HOME you have the advantage ofselecting your trees at the nurseries.BOURBON NURSERIESMEINERTZ & HARPERProprietorsP. O. Box 325 Cumberland Phone 1071HiuHiniHMiiiuHiimmimiinmmiTraction employee forIncorporated in KentuckyMain Street Lexington, Ky.FBIDAY, MARCH 4, if 21.For SaleOne good corn "shucker, good aanew, used very little. Can bebought at a bargain for cash. Apply to n.HARMON TURNER,(25-4t) Paris, Ky.LostBetween Fordham Hotel and L. ft'N. passenger station, on Monday,morning, a bill-fold pocketbock cotaining 'about fifty dollars. Liberalreward for its return to this oflce.18-tf)di. w. j. KirrVETERINARIANSuccessor to Dr. WatsonOffice InBOUKBON GARAGE. PARIS, KY.(nOv-19-tf) Both Phones 347.OFCottagedetails ,Company'4.C-n,' --J.5-J:-rrr'-. srns.-FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1921.THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCM. -FAG1TWMIr-- 4Swelling New Yorke Population.New York's population would be 50000.000 Instead of 5,000,000 If theycounted all of those who registeredfrom New York at the small town hotels. Southern Lumberman."Cold in the Head"an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Tboce subject to frequent "colds in thekead"vwill find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated &ttacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to,Vnronic uaiarrn.HALL'S CATARRH THEDICINE iltaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the Syfteni, thus reducing the Inflammation andrestoring: normal conditi6ns.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo. Ohio.-AnnuuniLr.nihNiv- - . . a awFOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theoffice of Stale Senator from theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at tfcbpolls,i - -.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe aie authorized to announceJAMES H. THOMFSON, of Paris, asa candidate for re-election as Repesentative from Bourbon County inthe Lower House of the Kentuckyiegifclature, subject to tlie action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbor county, in theLower House of the Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action .it thePROMPT MEASURES SAVE MAliYIIVES.Striking evidence of the value of afull-time county health departmentis furnished by the experiences twoneighboring Blue Grass countieshave had with diphtheria this winter. In Scolt coiinty, where there issuch a full-time Ccunty Health Department, a case of the disease wasdiscovered in a school. The child,who was suffering was removed immediately to his home, his familywas quarantined, and the roomwhere the disease had developedwas disinfected. Swabs, made of allthe children's throats in the same:oom. were sent the laboratory ofthe State Board of Health for examination, and when it was foundthat none of the children 4iad thedisease they all were given a Schicktest to see which would developdiphtheria if exposed to it. Thosewho were not found to be immuneimmediately were given an inoculaiion to prevent their acquiring it.As a result of these energetic measures only one case of the disease developed in Scott county and theicwere no deaths,In a neighboring county aalso developed diphtheriaschool in the county seat.the similarity ends. This countyhas no full-time health department,anly a physician receiving ?200 ayear, and the absence of someonewhose sole business it was to stampout diphtheria immediately, alradyhas led to the closing of the schoolin the county's county seat for sixtydays, to the development of 138cases of the disease in the county,and to eleven deaths.Ap.rt from the saving of humanlife and suffering in Scott county,WITHOUT A FRIEND.iC. & O. ENGINEER NOW FEELSFINE.(New York World.)This country, with the possible Huntington Man Suffered Ten Years-Tanlac Overcomes Trouble.exception of China, which is involvedin a great deal of trouble at home,has not a friend among the nationsof the earth." The author of thatopinion is Kepresentative .&ahn,"Tanlac will certainly put a fellowto feeling right, I know, for I havebeen troubled for ten years and itChairman of the House Committee simply made a new man of me." saidon Military Affairs, and the abvious J. F. Durron, 829 Thirteenth street,answer is: why should tne united .Huntington, w. va., engineer on thechildin aTherevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 6, and its woeful watte in the neigh-1921- boring county, the effective pre-t?or qTnrPT jventive measures in Scott did notr v ult kHSKl. cost the tax-payers of that coun-I hereby announce myself as ar"-1, . MJAa n- Uc rpmiir v-nonAafo f. t Tw,,;.., ty a cent outside of its regular exnation for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr. ,PEALE COLLIER.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR COUNTY CLERKWe are authorized tc announcePEARCE PATON as a candidate forerk of the Bourbon County Court,supject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate for9lerk of the Bourbon County Court,sbjfKJt to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldn Saturday, August 6, 1921.FOR JAELER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockfcinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, Au?ist 6,W21. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgurecinct, (fajmiliarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of. thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW- O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candi-penditure for health wo.:. ineneighboring county, "by actual figures, aires ay nas fcpeiit ?i,vw mcombating diphtheria, and mere isno way of calculating how muchhas been spent by private familiesfor physicians, nurses, undertaker?and the other expenses incident tosickness and death.o-ASPIRINName "Bayer" on Genuinef KTake Aspirin only as told in eachpackage of genuine Bayer Tablets ofAspirin. Then you will be followingthe directions and dosage worked outby physicians during 21 years, andproved sate oy minions.. ia ""chances with substitute. If you seethe Bayer Cross on tablets, you cantake them without fear for Colds,Headache, Lumbago, Rheumatism,Earache, Toothache, and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tablets costfew cents. Druggists also sell largerpackages. Aspirin is the trade markof Bayer Manufacture of Monoaecticacidester of Salicylicacid. (adv.)oCITY SCHOOLS OF STATE HAVE140,349 PUPILS.There are sixty-nine city schoolsin Kentucky, with a total enrollmentof 140,349 pupils, according to figures contained in the State Educational Directory, just issued by theState Department of Education.Teachers in the schools total 2,708.With a total of 10,945 teachers and506,210 pupils in the county districts,there are, according to the directory,is.fifia teachers and 646.559 pupils infete for the office of Jailer of Bour- J the state. The number of pupils isfcon county, subject to the action oftte voters in the primary election,ugturt 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOB B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Compiissioner of Bouraon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticarty.We are authorized to announceIAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommfesioner of Bourbon Countywith VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, oiMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL.of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.based on the spring term census.YOUNG GIRLFINDS RELIEFWants to Tell Other GirlsAll About ItFORDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER.Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissionerin Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.K$fcJ-''y'. : IHI ' .k-:.""'-:-'::"--s.-saFOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authoiized to announceTHFODORE P. NDC, of Paris, as acandidate for Police Judge of thCity of Paris, subject to the actionof thf voters at the primary election on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to -announceROTCFRT S PORTER, of Paris, as ".cpndidit for Police Judge of thrtiv p.f Pans, subiect to the action Aof the voters In the primary elecHon o August , If 21.wmn"A. Ind. "I .am eighteenyears old and have .been bothered forseveral inviimo twirregular periods.Every month myback would ache andI always had a coldand felt drowsy andsleepy. I work in amillinery shop and Iwent to work everyday, but felt stupidand would have suchcramps. I had seenLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Com-t ortised and had heard several JFw"---'X:-z-.r rvfhor mt. TTlft iwomen taut uj. it, w "'" & - ---.-some.This Vegetable Compound iswonderful and it helped me very much,so that during my periods I am not nowsick or drowsy. I have told many girlsabout your medicine and would gtadto help anyone wno i "uicu ""Rimiiar aiimenis. ii"j -States expect to have any friends?What is it doing to earn anybody'sfriendship?When the armistice was signed thiscountry had no enemies except amongthe Central Powers, and in spite ofthe inevitable disappointments ofpeace-making, the signing of theTreaty of Versailles found the UnitedStates the one Nation that everybodytrusted, the one Nation in which allother nations had confidence.That trust and that confidence arenow shattered. For nearly two yearsthe Congress of the United States,and especially the Senate, has devoted itself almost exclusively to thetask of alienating this country'sfriends.It might be expected that the Allieswould be grateful to us for supplyingthe force that brought the war to anend, but Mr. Harding himself- has assured them that we entered the conflict only from low and sordid motives. W did not fight for a greatprinciple, according to him, but tosave our own skins.We huve not rested content withrejecting the Treaty of Versaillesand, the covenant of the League ofNations, thereby making it impossibleto stabilize the peace that was boughtin rivers of blood, but our attitudetoward our former associates in warhas been one of contempt and derision. Day after day during the Senate debate on the peace treaty President Wilson was pictured as the ignorant accomplice of a gang of crookswho were engaged, figurativelyspeaking, in looting the corpses lefton the field of battle.We have abandoned the French,who desired above everything elseour counsel and our help in puttingtheir affairs in order. All they aregoing to get from the Harding Administration is a higher tariff on theirimports to the United States.The only two countries left whichhave the power to be of great helpor great hindrance to us are GreatBritain and Japan, and both of themare habitually insulted by Americanpoliticians. There is not a demagogue in Congress who does not feelfree to attack either of them whenever he thinks it will help him withany of his hyphenated constituents.The attitude of the Senate towardthe peace treaty has been consistently pro-German not openly andavowedly pro-German, but sneakingly and evasively and unintentionallypro-German. In consequence we havenot obtained even the dubious satisfaction of awakening a friendly feeling on the part of the German people.We have irritated everybody, andbenefited nobody, least of all ourselves. Our. best customer, next to' "GreatBritain, is Canada. Congress lis nowtrying to enact a fraudulent tarifflaw directed in the main againstCanada's agricultural products, andthe Canadian press is earnestly advocating reprisals.Secretary Colby has been to SouthAmerica to establish better relationswith the Latin-American republics,but on the day that the Latin-American Diplomatic Corps in Washingtonformally congratulated the Secretaryof State on the success of his missiona retaliation bill was introduced inthe Argentine Parliament to penalizeimports from the United States incase the Fordney Emergency TariffBill was passed by Congress.Japan is still pathetically anxiousto adjust all its differences with theUnited States, most of which havetheir origin in California, but all thesand-lots Senators are preparing, todestroy the treaty that AmbassadorMorris has negotiated with the representatives of the Japanese Government, and they will oppose any treatywith Japan simply because it is atreay with Japan. "We have sandbagged the treaty ofpeace and the League of Nations.We have dissociated ourselves fromall responsibility for what follows thewar. We have gambled in Europe'ssuffering and anguish. We have contributed nothing toward the economicstability of the world. We have insulted everybody who waited to beinsulted, and: are nrenaring a navalprogramme that surpasses the wildest Idreams of the lionenzoiierns, anathen we wonder why we: have1 nofriends.There is not a nation in the worldthat does not desire our friendship;there 4s not a nation but wishes to beon the most amicable terms-with us;yet we are systematically drivingthem, all away and inviting them tocombine against us. This'is what twobrief years of partisan politics hasaccomplished in the way of promotinginternational animosity, and all themoral responsibility rests upon theRepublican leaders of Congress. Thisis their handiwork.Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad."I had been in bad health for solong that ' I had almost forgottenwhat it was to- feel good. My stomachwas my main trouble and seemed tostay sour and upset all the time. Myappetite was so poor that I didn't eatenough hardly to pay me for thetrouble of going to the table. Myliver was sluggish and I was constipated all the time. I slept poorlyand by morning was all fagged outto begin the day's work.4"But Tanlac has made a cleansweep of all my troubles. I eat whatever I please and am never botheredafterwards. My liver is in fine order. I feel better all over and canmake my run with as much ease as Iused to do years ago. Tanlac is certainly a railroad man's friend and Iheartily recommend it."Tanlac is sold in Paris, at the People's Pharmacy. (adv.)WANDERING KENTUCKIANS TOAID HOME PROJECT.Kentuckians in all parts of theUnited States will be invited to turntheir minds back to their old Kentucky homes and to subscribe to thefund for the purchase of the StephenFoster residence at Bardstown as apermanent memorial to the author ofthe State song. Gov. Edwin P. Morrow, who was in New York recently,conferred with several Kentuckiansthere about the project and it wasagreed not to exclude former citizensfrom participation in the plans topurchase the Foster home and to convert it into an institution and parkowned by the people of the State.oSWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE MARKET REVIEW.Children May Sharethe health drinkInstant PostumTins pure cereal beverage is madeof .prime wheat bran and molasses.Satisfying,pleasing,and nothing init to do" harm.Instant Postum has a richxoffeelike flavorIt is economical and convenientPostum comes in two forms-Postum Cereal Cin packages) is madeby boiling a full twenty minutes.Instant Postum (in tins) made instantly in the cup by the additionof hot water.4"There's a Reason"Sold by grocers everywhereMade by Pbstum Cereal Ca,Inc,BattJe Credt.Mkh.H5llHldiaillgHiUKS5gi;;' .i.j.HButter markets have shown afurther advance, due to heavy demand, although the production isheavier than a year ago, while sticksin storage are also larger. .Eggs value are practically unchanged. The increased demand, resulting from lower retail prices, is taking jcare of the heavy production.Poultry prices have shown somefurther decline, due to consumingtrade not buying freely, as the consumer seems to think it possible tobuy other foods to better advantage.QUICK RELIEFHHIPHGet Dr. Edwards' Olive TabletsThat is the joyful cry of thousandssince Dr. Edwards produced OliveTablets, the substitute for calomel.Dr. Edwards, a practicing physicianfor 17 years and calomels old-timeenemy, discovered the formula for OliveTablets while treating patients forchronic constipation and torpid livers.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do notcontain calomel, but a healing, soothingvegetable laxative.No griping is the "keynote" of theselittle sugar-coated, olive-colored tablets. They cause the bowels and liver toact normally. They never force themto unnatural action.If you have a "dark brown mouth'bad breath a dull, tired feeling sickheadache torpid liver constipation,you'll find quick, sure and pleasant results from one or two of Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets at bedtime.Thousands take them every night justto keep right Try them. 15c and 30c.MAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.We have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other toysleft over from the holidays.LetUs Demonstrate the GoldenTfiroated Claxtonoia. PlaysAny Record.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEwmnn4gAAji3afM4.fc.5gfiHi11TfIT:annum :iiHiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiHiuiiiiiinHiHtiiiitHiiiiiiiiitiiiiinmiiiiiitniatifHiilWilliam K. Hagan 6-onA g.CrilTECT.' g-j: Nq I N E L P,.PAi Kvrizyr haticva!. bankIP5J!llllll!,l'illllll!llilim:tliillilli;l!.lilHlllliH:iI'.,Hn". "'.K.itihn I-.' ''' IllwI'llliHIIHHIIIfllHlUftH.? 1nn 111111111 1 minimum hi iiiiiiii ii hi mi mm'iW'H'H IIMIMI I HI ' Z! S. P. M0HNEY 1 1 - Home Telephone-o-Jl I I I I I I I f I I T iiDye It Right!"Diamond Dyes"I!Don't Risk Material in Poq,rDyes that Fade or RuntChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISiMIIIIlllllllMlllimiltA Popular PlaceTo EatSpecial DinnerstlHIIHHI " ' " " 'Each package of "Diamond Dyes"'jontaine directions so simple thaiany wooran can diamond-dye a new.f Every Day and Especially onSunday, Both JNoon ana at oiaO'clock.Special Rates Bythe Week for Regular BoardersAVETIME, MONEYWR!By Installing aCourteous treatment and reasonable terms.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedrnnnniiiHiinininiiiiniiiiniminiiiniMjiXIxIX1ixaxiEX!'"kIXBttBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsLaundryTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetX'. ..- . t, v?T fololcca nnlAr iiitn uwtl shallbVtimonialas you like -j,- draperies coverings,WILER,b&econaou,vv:. , mixedSome "gSte 5 lead lives of luxury while wool silk, linen cotton orhP-stoil for their livelihood, but all jroods. fr3S?n Xe-saxne physicallaws Buy "Diamond Dyes" nare suDjecv ", " "r x57i";".-no otherrS tnffer in proportion to their viola- kind then perfect results are guarand sutler in propy"" Ann o mtt if -ami lmvp never dvedMSC: fS Druggist has color cardsbeafing-down sensations and ".the (adv-P )blues,"irlsshoul(fprofitbyMissLinx- . o - .wiler's experience and give Lydia, E. Gasoline- is now selling for 27Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a trial. cents a gallon in. Chicago.A nice home place-home cooking and home treatment.THE ELLIS TEAROOMjS f ?SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!bWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work mfe.rior to 'none, and solicityour patronage.IXIXIXIXI The Bourbon Laundry" jJParish KentuckyOpposite Court House.Bourbon News Advertisers Get ResultsxN,fc," ---fl Vs--;-t "X'f-,-s.iV-u -'",''-l' K-:s --?tj-- " vis.- 4';V-1mi BOURDON NEWS, PAllB, KlNtTJCKYFRIDAY, MARCH 4, l2fr" jiJU-L"LIFE INSURANCE RECORDSBROKEN.The annual report of the Metro-1 polit&n Life Insurance Company ontbc kusiness of 1920 show? that themew business nlaced on the bookst J broke all nrevious records in the-world. Neither the great amount of, "new insurance taken out, nor the per-rentage of lapses indicate depressionin the .business or industrial world.The amount placed in the United. States and Canada was $1,651,950,--151 which is a gain of more tham twohundred and fifty million dollars, ascompared with the previous year.The income and assets increasedproportionately, the income for' the, year being $263,519,779, and the as--aetsmaking a gain of $116,019,262for a total of $980,913,087. Dividends have been declared, payable topolicy-holders in 1921, amounting to$10,819,369, of which $6,961,261 isto holders of Industrial policies.- The number of policies outstanding, at the end of the year was 23,889,997or about one for every five of thepapulation. The number increasedin 1920 by 2,129,326.Glaims were paid on 312,689 poli-- cies, an average of one every 28 sec-- onds-for each business day of eight? ViniiTR. TVia' mrmnf. nnirl fn nnlirw-- holders in -claims, matured endowments, dividends, etc., -was $81,257," 393, or an average of $556.86 a min-ute for every business day of eightt - hours. Group insurance amounted- to $214,047,572.The Company "had .invested at theend of the year in bonds and mortgages, $357,703,045. In 1920 the- Gompany loaned and agreed to loan$85,000,000, mostly for housing.oPUBLIC SALE OF SIX ROOM COTTAGE.RELIGIOUS.Harris, Speakes & Harris will sell-publicly on March 7 at 11:00 o'clock,a. mr, for T. J. Moberly, his home located in East Paris. See display advertisement in this issue for fullparticulars.(l-2t),The regular monthly meeting ofthe Young People's Missionary Society of the Methodist Church will beheld in the parsonage, at 5:30 o'clockthis (Friday) afternoon. All the imembers are urged to take particularnotice of the'change of time and tobe present promptly at 5:30 p. m.The pastor, Rev. W. E. Ellis, willpreach at both services Sunday,March 6, at the Christian church.Services at 10:45 a. m. and 7:30 p.m.; Sunday school at 9:30. The attendance last Sunday was 313. Theworkers of the Sunday School hopeto have 400 in attendance beforeEaster. There were two additionsto the church last Sunday.Rev. W. A. Hopkins, SynodicalSuperintendent of the PresbyterianChurch, South, in Kentucky, andThomas Talbott, formerly of Paris,.Superintendent of Missions, werein Paris, Wednesday night, wnerethey held a conference relative tothe progressive program of thechurch. Rev. Hopkins, who hasbeen a chaplain in the navy sincethe first year of the war, will nowreturn to the jministry.An efficiency conference., forSunday School workers of Kentucky, .to be held at the First Christian iChurch, Ashland, March 11, has beenannounced by the Kentucky SundaySchool Association, wnicn win conduct the conference. The Rev GeorgeA. Joplin, general secretary of theassociation; Mrs. Joplin, Miss MaryVirginia Howard, W. J. Vaughn andothers are among those who will discuss matters of general interest toSunday School workers.oDISSOLUTION SALE OF HOUSEAND LOT.Seven Years Prosperous BusinessMany Aided To Own-HomesThe Peoples Building & Loan Association closed its seventh year ofbusiness Monday, February 28, 1921.At the last Directors' meeting of theyear, held on the preceding Saturdaynight, a three and one half per cent.semi-annual dividend was declared, itbeing the fifteenth dividend paid bythis Association, all of which average 7 per cent per annum.CLAIMS PRESENTED BY WATERCOMPANY.Members of the Paris CommercialClub directorate and a committeefrom the Paris City Council held aioint session in the offices of theBourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust jCo. Superintendent Newton Mitchelland Attorney E. M Dickson, representing the ,Paris Water Company,submitted for their consideration areuort regarding the proposed 35 perBurin tr our seven vears in business cent, increase in water rates, whichwe have helped some 250 or 300 peo- was to have become effective Jan-ple of Paris and Bourbon county ouy uary i, out wmen was postponea athomes and have helped hundretds of the request of the City Council, pend-otners save money wnicn wouiu prou- mg ju luvcsMgawuii.ably have been spent foolishly otherwise. Our mission is to help those of limited means in ,Paris and Bourboncounty, by giving them an easy planto buv homes or to heln them investtheir savings systematically, withjgood interest., we nope you winrecognize these facts and use us tohelp buy" your home and save yourearnings.Our new series opens Saturday,March 5, 1921.Call or see P. W. Galloway at Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co. and alldetails will be explained to you.PEOPLES BUILDING & LOAN ASSOCIATION.SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSFor SaleEdison Victrola, good7 as- newvCheap for quick saleMRS. O. P. MANN,Roy P. Clendenin sold to Merrettj , . . Climb- 'Phone 998.Gamble, of the L. & N., a vacant lot i (4mai)on the east side of Cypress street, for$500. Mr. Gamble will in the springerect a modern frame cottage on thelot.Through the Mitchell, Moreland &Mitchell real estate agency of Paris,AlberirEvans sold this week to JohnFor SaleLATEST CONTRIBUTORS TOEUROPEAN RELIEF FUND.-THIS WEEK ONLY7 BarsServ-usLaundrySoapFor 25cWatch our windows forspecial bargains everyweek.Logan HowardPhones 179In order to settle up a partnership interest we will offer at publicauction, on the premises, at twoo'clock, on Wednesday, March 9,1921, the beautiful five-room cottage, with gas, bath and electriclights, located at 240 Parrish avenue. This house (must be seen to beappreciated. Possession given topurchaser on March 20.MITCHELL, MORELAND &MITCHELL,(4-2t) 817 Main St.. Paris, Ky.oMISS CONtf ELL BROUGHT HOME.Miss Louise Connell, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. J. Connell, of Paris,and a University of Kentucky studentwho sustained a broken ankle, a fractured collar bone and five brokenribs in a collision with an automobilewhile sleighing January 26, was ableto leave the Good Samaritan hospitalWednesday and was taken to herhome in Paris, where she will remainfor several weeks before resumingtier studies at the University. Shewas the last of four persons injuredin the- accident to leave the hospital.Following are the latest contributors to the European Relief Councilthrough Express Agent Colliver: MissMadeline Huddleston, W. J. Howard,R. A. Horton, Corbin & Martin,'James Daugherty, Miss Clara Colliver, Mrs. S. T. Chipley, Joe S. Varden, Harry Linville, Stuart &O'Brien, Sam Mastin, R. F, Clendenin, Harold Roberts.Have you an Invisible Guests Certificate? These may be obtained .ityour local express office.OPENING SOON.Specialist in Dry Goods Specialities wait for the Leader opening.-oGARDEN SEEDS.The purpose of the meeting was tojgive the Water Company's representatives an opportunity to present dataregarding the operating expenses ofthe plant, for the period since 1919.The Water Company had proposedthat the new rates become effectiveon April 1, and that the rate for thenext quarter be fixed to allow for theincrease which was to have gone intoeffect on January 1.The report was accepted and afurther investigation will follow before a definite answer can be giventhe Water CompanyNOTICE.Foot specialist permanently located. Dr. J. TV. Weber, the chiropodist,(foot doctor) has removed his officefrojm. the Windsor Hotel to theBourbon-Agricultural Bank" Building and can be seen there everyTuesday, Wednesday and Friday.Those who suffer with their feetcan see him Tuesday, Wednesdayand Friday, at r the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank Building. (22-tf)I will offer at public sale, in frontof the Court House door in Paris,Eads his residence on South Main & on jstreet, for $3,000. Mr. Eads will MONDAY, MARCH 7, 121,move to and occupy the property.' ' . ,The same firm also sold for Russell at 10:30 a. m., if not sold privatelyRitchie his residence in East Paris to before that date, ten shares of I'MraAlbert Evans for a price not given keet Mineral Water & Grocery L.O. sout for publication. Mr. Evans bought , stock.tne property lor a nome ana winmove to it in a few days.-M. F. KENNEY,(It)iiiiiHiiiinMiiiuiimniitiinnnH'"""""1FIREDESTROYS COLLEGE ATCORBIN, KY. .We carry more garden seed fchan4any other place m Paris. X.et us haveyour order if you want. the best.C. P. COOK & CO.' it JSt. John's College Institute at Corbin, burned to the ground with allits contents early Tuesday. Thedormitories were not burned and nolives were endangered.The loss was $5,000. The buildingwas a three-story frame structure,used mainly for chapel and classroompurposes, and was known as ThomasHall. Hancock Hall and the two cottages used as dormitories were notdamaged,.Spring OpeningFriday, March EleventhFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance.THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN1,Exhibiting the Usual Distinctive Line. Pattern HatsandSport Hats ' ,MRS. MAMIE PARKERmm 1 1 mil i in ii i iin ii i ii ii ii nil ii in 111 M1M1 1NEW ELECTRIC FIRM.YOU'LL BE SURPRISEDSee our splendid stock of Fumiturc and Household Goods at pricesless than half off first cost. Weoffer the following wonderful bargains for quick sale:NO 1 SNAP.A beautiful $485.00 set of DiningRoom FurnituX, "Queen AnnoStyle," almost new. at $275.00.NO. 2.A magnificent large Gas Range,white enameled and nickel platedfln6 tor boarding house or restaurant a $275.00 beauty arid you'llssy so toe, at $125.00. This is abig snap and a rare chance. Better be quick. Always see us before buying and. save at least "HalYour Money."The Allen Electric Co., of Lexington, is opening a branch establishment in part of the J. H. Stern building on Main Street. Ben Allen, ofLexington, who is in charge of thework, is a brother of Sam Allen, ofthe Georgetown Electric Light Co.,who was for several years in the employ of the Paris Gas & Electric Co.Bead their advertisement in this issueof THE NEWS.ATTEND THE HORTONNEXT SATURDAY.SALEThe Busy BeeBargain HouseCerrner Second and Main Streets,'Dow Building"GOALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson Seed Mills. I willell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer-and burnsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal $5.50.Heating Stove Coal .... . $5.50WJ.H0WARDMiierand Skipper of CoalEast tornsttdt and. Paris, Ky.Htmt Pbana 13 'Don't fail to attend the public saleof stock, crop, farming implements,dairy cows, household and kitchenfurniture, etc., to be held next Saturday, March 5, by J. L. Horton, onhis farm, on the Hume and Bedfordnike. near Paris at 10:00 o'clock a.m. George D. Speakes, auctioneer.(Ir2t)--o-EVERGREEN TREES$4.00.$1.00 TOFruit trees. 60 cents to 75 cents.Deciduous trees, hardy flowers,snrubs, vines and strawberry plants.Grown in the Bluegrase and acclimated to this section... "Trade atHome."B. Jj. YATES,"Wildwood," Paris, Ky.(22-tf)o :PICTURE PROGRAM AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.The Company OF the People, FOR the People made BY the PeopleThe Greatest Life Insurance Company in the WorldTn Assets fin Business Placed fin Service to the PublicGreatest1 Income Greatest Business Gained. (in Gain of Each - (in Business in ForceGreatest11 Reduction of MortalityIn Health and Wei tare Work7 Metropolitan -LifeInsurance Company(INCORPORATED BY THE STATE OF NEW YORK)HALEY FISKE, PresidentFREDERICK H. ECKER, Vice-PresidentToday, Friday, March 4. "Love,Honor and Obey," featuring an allstar cast; Joe Ryan, in "The PurpleRiders"; Vanity Girls, in "SleepyHead."Tomorrow, Saturday, March 5.Alice Lake, in "The Greater Claim";Alice .Howell comedy, "SquirrelTime."- Monday, March 7. Maurice Tourneur's masterpiece, "The Great Redeemer"; Century comedy, "Laughing Gas" ; Pathe Review.Gregg's Orchestra plays afternoonand night.BAND MAKING PROGRESS.The newly organized Paris band,under the leadership of A. L. Boatright, is making steady progress. Theband now has a membership of twenty-five.Their first rehearsal will beheld next week. The band will furnish concerts for the people of Parisduring the coming summer. Mr.Boatright states there is an openingfor tuba playersin the band.oNOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS.tMany of our subscribers have moved this week without requesting theiraddress changed consequently theywill be without THE NEWS thisweek. In requesting change of addres, be sure and give the old aswell as the new address, and give thename correctly. This is a very important, if you wish to receive THENEWS regularly.cSixty per cent of the 1920 motorvehicle output "went to the rural districts of the United States.&Business Statement, December 31, 1920Assets : r $980,913,087.17Larger than those of any other Company in the World.Increase in Assets during 1920 $116,091,262.62Larger than that of any other Company In the World.Liabilities $947,465,234.24Surplus $33,447,852.93Ordinary (annual premium) Life Insurance paid for in 1920 $1,062,389,920-More than has ever been placed in one year by any Company in the World.Industrial (weekly premium) Insurance paid for in 1920. $589,560,231More than has ever been placed in one year by any Company in the World.Total Insurance placed and paid for in 1920 $1,651,950,151The lagest amount placed in one year by any Company in the World.Gain in Insurance in Force in 1920 $1,036360,080More than hat evtr been gained in one year by any Compaay in the World.The Company GAINED more insurance in force both 1919 and in 1920 than any otherCompany WROTE.Total Amount of Outstanding Insurance $6,380,012,514Larger than that of any other Company in the World.Number of Policies in force December 31,1920 :..r.. 23,899,997Larger than that of any other Company in America.Gain in Number of Outstanding Policies .v......... 2,129,326v - More than any Company in the World hat ever gained in one year. 'Number of Claims Paid in 1920 312,689Averaging one claim paid for every 28 seconds of each business day of 8 hours.Amount Paid to Policy-holders in 1920 ? $81,257,393.70Payments to policy-holders averaged $556.86 a minute of each business day of 8 hours.Reduction in general mortality at ages 1 to 74 in 9 years, 22.7 per centTyphoid reduction, 72 per cent.; Tuberculosis, 40 percent.; Heart disease over 19 per cent.;Brighrs disease nearly 27 per cent.; Infectious diseases of children, over 28 per cent.in general reduction and for each principal cause of death this is far greater than that shownby statistics of the Registration Area of the United States.Death Rate for 1 920 on the Industrial business lowest in the History of the Company.Dividends declared payable in 1921, nearly $11,000,000Metropolitan Nurses made 1 ,625,271 visits in 1920, free of charge to sick IndustrialPolicy-holders, including 14,667 visits to persons' insured under Group policies.Metropolitan men; distributed over Eighteen Million pieces of literature on healthBringing; the total distribution to over 213,Mi,Mt exclusive of Company's healthI magazine, of-which over 18,00,0M are annually distributed.J. T. TUCKER,! SuperintendentMasonic Temple, Main Streeti.fi'V-.- -"?.c ,-r-,l-l-jS.'W .TV.- , "T.- " i''4-r W-:l.59--' 1FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1921. ,.'THE BOURBON lOIHST RAWS KBffDCB'fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSE12!WATCH AND WAIT.Wait for the opeikg of THELEADER DEPARTMENT STORE.AN EXCLUSIVE HUE.Madame Flanders very exclusiveline of Blouses. Inspection invited.(4-3t) MRS. MAYME PARKER.oSELLS POOL ROOM.Carter and A. W. Kenton, of Parishave purchased the Idle Hour PoolHall, from David Butler," and havetaken possession. Mr. Butler is pre--paringto move to his farm nearParis. The new owners will make anumber of improvements in the place.oNEW HOME TELEPHONE DIRECTORY TO BE ISSUED.The Paris Home Telephone Co. ispreparing copy for a new directory,which will be issued from the pressof"THE NEWS job rooms. The newdirectory will be complete in everyrespect, and like all work that comesfrom our job rooms, will be typographically a thing of excellence.oOUT OF SERVICE.In reducing its force of employesthe Louisville & Nashville Railroad isenforcing the seniority rule, whichmeans men oldest in the service areven preference. By this shake-up,J. T. Lail, who has been in the serviceonly four years, has been relieved asagent at Shawhan. He is succeededby V. E. Price, former agent at Aus-terlitz.WANTED TO RENT.I want to rent two or three nicelyfurnished rooms for light housekeeping. Apply toTHE LEADER.Umar-lt)oBIG CASH SALE.We are selling $95 Ranges for $75;$90 Ranges for $70; $37.50 CookStoves for $30; $35 Cook Stoves for27.50; $140 Enameled Range for$100; Heating Stoves cut the .me asRanges.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.(It)oEGGS AND COUNTRY PRODUCE.We are always in the market foreggs and butter.We are never overstocked on goodbutter and eggs. Call 'Phone 207.C. P. COOK"& CO.(It)oSTIR IN POLITICS.The political pot is boiling anew inother places besides Bourbon county.In Scott county, the race for Representative is being made up with thehold over, Rev. George Wagoner, already announced. Among the prospective candidates is T. Porter Smith,formerly of Paris, now a successfulauctioner of Georgetown, and Wm.H. Leach, of Georgetown, related toprominent Bourbon county people.oCOUNTY COURT NEWS.Entering a plea of guilty on acharge of disturbing religious worship near Black's Cross Roads, thiscounty, Henry Sexton and HomerBussell, young white men, were fined$20 and costs each when their caseswere heard before County JudgeGeorge Batterton.Will B. Cross was assessed $9.50on a charge of failure to take out doglicenseTf oMOBERLY HOME AT AUCTIONMARCH 7TH.One of the best homes in Paris, located in East Paris, belonging to T.J. Moberly, to be sold at public salen Monday, March 7, at 11:00 o'clocka. m. See Harris, Speakes & Harris,also read the display advertisement inthis issue.U-2t)START GOOD THINGS NOW.Don't promise yourself tkit yonvnft join later. Start Now! Newseries opens Saturday, Marck 5.PEOPLES BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION.TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS OFTHE NEWSPAPERS.Troubles do not come singly, evenin the newspaper business, in whichmany persons think is always a bedf ros. Several weeks ago theXentuckian-Citizen's newspaper press"tfas put out of commission by an accident. Since then the naper hasbeen printed on THE NEWS machine".Last Friday THE NEWS linotype waspnt out of commission by an accident. Since then the type for Tuesday's and today's issue has been setn The K'entuckian-Citizen machine,it is hoped this state of affairs willsoon be remedied, and both officesresume the even tenor of their ways.INCOME TAX MAN HERE TODAY.All sinp-lf persons, or married persons not living with wife or husband,7Vo""2 !t income for 1920 was$1,000 or more, must file an incomef 'r upturn To aist taxpayers, a't -niinr-n-r of Internal Revenue"will be in Paris, today, (Friday),. - A prj'l tomorrow, Saturday,-tn pj THs service is without cost,"i taTnvor. Be there with your"ers .ind records, and the deputyn asgict you in making your re"tnras. Failure to see deputy collecr or to receive blanks will -not repve you of penalty for failure toSOCILL AKD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Hallie Mansfield, of Richmond, is visiting friends-and relativesm this city.frMnrt S-ldlJey?r3ran has returnedTolaJ1.sltJ:o Mr- and Mrs. C. M.Lambert, m Carlisle.wTJ?2?' 9haSes Sauer,-who hasfc X ,y m lor several weeksis now convalescent.--Mrs Rudolph .Dovis has return-LS a to her mother, Mrs.Mary Hawse, in Carlisle..wTr,5' Ammerman has movedhSSi 5TTrbo? COunty t0 his newnome m Harrison county.hpTof1!?8 A Dlcan, who hasbeen ill at her home on Second streetfor several days, is improving.n -c -' CoPe of Los Angeles,California, is a guest of Mr. and MrsVard,e,n ShlPP m Clintonville:Mrs. Clay Sutherland and littler?wrfcfarei guest .of her fat"er,Clayton Strode, in Winchester.Miss Virginia Hancock has re-priLedJrTm a t Miss KatheririeBelle Mclntyre, in. Flemingsburg.Mrs. John M nKarnn 1 ..turned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs"w,."dIllu"'On, near Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. Thon-as A. Collierhave returned fv0m a vteit tofriends and r-Ut vs in Cynthiana.Ernest Quinn, of Lexington, wasa suest this week of his brother,Edward Quinn, of Ferguson street.Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Clay havereturned to their home In Lexington,after a visit to friends and relativesin Paris.Misses Mae Shannon and Margaret Minogue have returned froma visit to friends and relatives inCarlisle.Mr. nnd Mrs. .Tamoc T)nnAn tjiihave returned from a month's vacation, spent in Florida and the BahamaIslands.-Mrs. J. H. Boone has returned toher home in Frankfort, 'after a visitto her daughter, Mrs. W. R. Stipp, mClintonville.Charles and Anson Squires, ofParis, were guests recently of theirbrother, R. Dean Squires, and family, in Carlisle.Ray Clark, of Battle Creek,Michigan, is a guest at the home ofhis mother, Mrs. Walter Clark, -onFifteenth street.Mrs. Robert Cain, of HigginsAvenue, has gone to New Orleans fora three weeks' visit to her brother,Gilbert Wingate.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft attendedthe meeting-of the State War Mothers Executive Board, held in Lexington, this week.Homer D. Shy, of the local citymail carrier force, is in Washington,D. C, attending the inauguration ofPresident-elect Harding.Mrs. Waller Dalby is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital,where she underwent an operation,Monday, for removal of tonsils.Mrs. Charles Calamese, of Winchester, and Miss Alpha Nash, of Chicago, are guests at the home of Mrs.Matt H. Bedford, on High street.Charles P. Mann, field managerfor the Lee-Kent Oil Company, hasgone to Beattyville for a few days'business trip in the interest of hiscompany.Sherman H. Stivers, of Paris, arepresentative of the Lexington Herald is reported as being critically illat his home on Harrison street, inLexington.J. M. Irby, of South Boston, Va.,was a eruest this wppV- nf .Tno "RSmith. While in Paris Mr. Irby pur-cnasea a carioaa ot norses and mulesfor the Eastern markets.Mr. and Mrs. David Patton,who have been making their homewitli Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Dalzell, inCynthiana, will woe this week totheir farm near Shavhan.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr.,who has been very ill at her homeon Pleasant street for some time,was reported yesterday as beingslightly improved.Everette Paton has resigned hisposition as salesman at Mitchell &Blakemore's clothing store and willengage in farming near JackstownHe is succeeded bv John Arderv. ofParis.Courier-Journal :"Mrs. JuliaRauterberg and Miss Julia Rauterberer have returned from Patis. whorAthey visited Mrs. RauterbergV son,mr. nenry itauteroerg and Mrs.Rauterberg."Ray Harris, of Harris, Speakes& Harris, was called to Corinth, Ky.,Wednesdav eveninc. bv the death ofhis uncle, W. T. Harris. Mr. L. D.Hans is ill at his home on WalkerAvenue, and was unable to go.Mrs. James Clay Ward has returned to her home in this city aftera visit to her sister, Mrs. JosephArthur Goodson, who has been quiteill at her home in Lexington. Mrs.Goodson is able to be out again.Among the many business visitors-in Paris this week were B. F.Graziani, Covington attorney andformer president of the Paris IceManufacturing Co., and F. P. Fleming, prominent insurance man ofLouisville.Lawrence A. Soper, Jr., of Paris,is a patient at the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington. Mr. Soperwas injured in a fall in the gymnasium at the University of Kentucky.Mr. and Mrs. August Gutzeit, ofCincinnati; Sweeney Gutzeit, ofKnoxville, Tenn., and Will R. Muir,Sit Fayette county, attended thefuneral and burial of Mrs. A. M.Gutzeit, in this city, Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Spears returned Wednesday night from theirhoneymoon trip to Eustis and otherpoints in Florida, After a shortvisit with ' relatives in the county,they will goxto housekeeping in thiscity.Mrs. I. J. Spencer, of Lexington, is visiting her daughter, Mrs.Wm. B. Ardery, and Mr. Ardery,near Paris. At the conclusion ofher visit Mrs. Spencer will go t0Richmond, Va., to join her husband,who -is holding a revival in the-Hanover Avenue Christian church,NEW ROAD WILL ALSO BENEFITPARIS.According to information receivedWednesday it seems almost a certainty that the prospected national highway from Paris to Paintsville via Mt.Sterling. Frenchburer. West LihertvI and Sa.lgersville, will be the first one- w. www iv-i-v-vjviiijr scab luauo w mcuuuu x& is inougnt worK win Beginin the early spring.The road is a part of the new National road building program and willenter Kentucky by way of Covingtonthrough Falmouth, Berry and Cynthiana, to Paris, from where it willbe continued to the mountian sectionthrough the tours named. The completion of this highway will be ofgreat commercial value to ,Paris, nowthat the era of automobiles and motortrucks is in full swing.oWHAT CASH WILL DO.Meali 80c peckPotatoes 30c peckOnions 3c poundCabbage 8c poundCorn 10c canTomatoes 10c canSalmon lOc canWhite Syrup 75c gallon100 other bargains.Goods delivered anywhere in thecity.Paris Baking Company,I. L. GLASS, MANAGER.(4mar-lt)oCONCERT BY TRANSYLVANIAGLEE CLUBThe Glee Club of TransylvaniaCollege, Lexington, will give a concert on Tuesday night, March 8, ateight o'clock, in the auditorium otthe Paris High School under auspices of the Junior ChristianEndeavor Society of the Christianchurch. The admission will be 50cents for adults and 35 cents forchildren under sixteen.Estrayed or Stolen.From my place on Seventh street,a black calf, six weeks old. Any onewho knows where the calf is will berewarded by calling Cumberlandphone 897, as I have the calf sold tobe delivered Saturday morning:THOS. E. CAIN,(It) Eighth Street Grocer.WantedGood man to raise 10 acres of tobacco on good land. Must be ableto finance crop.(It) MRS. C. W. GILKEY.Wanted'Two or three nicely furnishedrooms for light housekeeping.THE LEADER.(4mar-lt)THE FAIR!Wonderful ValuesHere!Values that we have not been ableto offer for a period of years. Itwill pay you to visit us and personallyobtain the advantage of underpricedmerchandise.We are trying to satisfy the popular demand for lower prices approaching which we consider normal.Prices are very firm, and if youare waitine' for lower nrices you areliable to wait too long.You are invited to inspect ourprices.THE FAIR.It wouldtake aCouple ofcolumns atleast to tellyou all about - -ourNew SpringWear forMen and Boys,so we'll justsay, 'Come inand look around!It's the bestthere is.FAOm TMm ill WSm IV UIf it comesfrom DecvisH is ridhtl41TIMEThink About That NewJ ,Spring SuitTHE PLACETo Buy It is HereThere are many reasons we could advance, but: only on eIs necessary: We have? what you want at the price you wantto pay.$12.00 to $37.50It will Soon Be Time to Come Out of the "Heavies."Try Munsing WearIn either Nainsook or Balbriggan, andT6u'll realize what"Perfection in Underwear" means. All sizes now.You Know Plorsheim ShoesWe have received some beauties in both high and lowshoes. Let us fit you with a pair for your own satisfaction;LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street ."Trade at Home" Call Our Store "Home"February and MarchCASH SALEWe are Overstocked onKITCHENCABINETSJSB k fij rHJl .tpkrMKvM"ill Jill I ii iff1 'In iHl,S',.,iS.'.'K yWyJTW 4MIIFb s1jMn WPWffM'"':': WJJJJmmmmmmm&i 388'' ' lvand for-this week we areoffering our entire stockat a reduction of1-3 OFFthe Regular PriceEverything in Our StoreDuring Our February and March CashSale Can Be Had at aBIG BARGAINAsk your neighbor. We certainly save you money.THE J. T. HINTOJX CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking -,115v.3 -.Kl in that city.w mtJc. --PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFBIDAY, MARCH A, 1921.LEBANON MAN MAY SUCCEEDELWOOD HAMILTON.' Thomas C. Jackgon, of Lebanon, is"tipped to succeed Elwood Hamiltonas Collector of Internal Revenue fory this district. Mr. Jackson is connected with the Citizens NationalBank of Lebanon and has been prominent in Republican politics for several years. He was at one time member of the Legislature frpm Laurelcounty, has served as State ElectionCommissioner and was postmaster inLebanon for four years.Lucky TigerTbm NrnttmrnUtHmlrPositively eradicateaaBBSRXff- CORVCtS MBA'. health--mcfum lim imitateeanam. Money-Back GouaaftM.M4rwestm aM ytnre.f a 1LKXTTKOtCt EmmCR..Xeb25-4t-F)Escape the "Stout" ClassAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportions. The stout women who are never spokenof as stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo Belt Reducing Corsetsgive the wearer an appearance ofslenderness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andsupport where the greatest strainfalls over the abdomen and hips.They have the reputation of being"the moat economical reducingcorsets ever devised."Priced fhm $2 to $ioNBRIGHTER,EVENINGSJust HistoryIn 76 " -TheColonial DameSpun her clothEy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,"How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl oi to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.' v m bentsHR frr . . -j , j iWill I Vbr. "-'." -i '. -'ZVfiUM J u!N-'-Nr-'cj wNLjiTaUJ HillaaawsRJTMJi i P HUB' TlDfteaMatllltm III I II ' 111 I LbBk VjtL iii II! ill TaaVwtiffo4ll I II I LotjHMnkjftJ If ill -Pvi1wSffnl w5fi8 Vbbw J Hjwj I k uJ u Vn 1WWw ttl A fff I 111 if- llifrr,ll ill mlbWii ill I I II ill WiHBBJnl III III 1 I 11 111 liiBBJHI III L-aiill 111 MfaTT? $ IV. f.flJ FRANK & CO. J-7at?g MarkK Reg jjjBjjjjBSsbbbbbbsSxb559Bhv jfPHjhdF'vid"iBBVjfPI? .BBBB?BEFORE SPRING. COMES, TONEUP YOUR BLOOD.Your Blood Needs the Help of Glide'sPepto-Mangan in Springtime toOvercome Drowsy, Listless Feelings Called "Spring Fever".PALE FACES CAUSED BY BADBLOOD.That Tired, All-Gone Feeling a Danger Signal That Your Blood NeedsThis Splendid Spring Tonic.The blood that courses throughyour body in the arteries and veinsis of the most vital importance to thehealthy life of the body. The littlered corpuscles are what carry life tothe millions of cells that make upyour body. The blood is also thevehicle that carries away most, if notall, of the waste products.Springtime is the season when thebody adjusts itself from the rigors ofwinter to the heat of summer. Younotice how much' sickness there is inthe Spring? Perhaps there are weekswhen you feel drowsy and listless,and you call it "Spring Fever." It isreally your blood that has becomeweak and thin, and it needs help.Take that good blood tonic Gude'sPepto-Mangan. It will give the redcorpuscles in your blood new powerto carry fresh oxygen to the cells allover the body. You'll notice a changefor the better m a few days. Itbrings the color back to pale facesand lifts you out of tired, all-gonefeelings so that you enjoy full vigor.Spring is the time for a good bloodtonic. Take Gude's Pepto-Mangan sothat you can. enjoy the most beautiful season of the year. Get it at yourdruggists, but be sure it is the genuine, with "Gude's Pepto-Mangan"printed on the package. It is soldin both tablet and liquid form. Theyhave exactly the same medicinalvalue. x (adv.)THREE CENT STAMP TO SAVECHINESE LIVES.Life-saving stamps at three centsaniece are to be sold all over thecountry to aid the victims of starvation in North China, it is announcedby Roe D. Henkle, secretary of theAmerican Committee for ChinaFamine Fund in New York. "Thesale," Mr. Henkle says, "is to belocalized in every community, thelocal organizations being set up thruthe hundred or more churchmissionary societies of the country."Sheets of the stamps can be obtainedin large quantities from C. S. Clark,sales director, American Committeefor China Famine Fund, Bible House,New York. The price of the stamphas been fixed at three cents ber.anspfor that sum the life of a single starving Chinese can be preserved for asingle day.oBlowing Cork Out of BottU.Place In the neck of a wide-mouthed.bottle a cork considerably too smallror it and try to blow It In the bottle.Instead of going In It will generallyfly out The reason Is that the blowing compresses the air In the bottleand tills, recoiling like a spring, drivesthe cork out To succeed, the experiment must be tried with bottle andcork perfectly dry. so that one willnot stick to the other. Exchange.Income TaxReturnsofIndividuals andPartnershipsI can prepare a limitednumber. Office at theBourbon News, 320Main StreetJ. R. HOWECandy Special!LIGGETT'SFINE CHOCOLATES'at65c the Poundin bulk, for a limited time toadvertise this, "The ChocolatesWith the Wonderful Centers."TAKE A POUND HOMETODAYSpecial Sale OnWriting PaperBox and pound paper. Onethird off the entire line for a fewdays. Crane's goods. Tintsand white.VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth Phones Paris, Ky.THE. CHINA FAMINE RELIEFFUNP.Every Kentucky bank has beendesignated as a depository for contributions to the China Famine Fundfor the relief of the 40,000,000 inhabitants of the five famine' strickenprovince in north Central China. Thisaction, with the sanction of the bankers, was taken at the meeting of thenewly appointed executive' committeefor the State. Through this methodit makes the sending of contributionseasier, it is pointed out by JosephUurge, of Louisville, Treasurer ofthe fund. Contributors .hereaftermay hand contributions to their local banker and he will forward themto Mr. Burge, at the Kentucky headquarters, Room 9, Board of TradeBuilding, Louisville. The Rev. Dr.E. Y. Mullins, president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, ischairman, having been appointed byPresident Wilson.The Kentucky! Executive Committee has set as itsgoal $100,000, as aminimum for Kentucky. Checksshould be made payable to JosephBurge, Treasurer, and sent to theBoard of Trade Building, Louisville,or deposited with any bank in Kentucky. 'ADVISES AVOIDING BAD CANNED GOODS.Acting on" information receivedfrom the Bureau of Chemistry, Unitred States Department of Agriculture,Washington, the Bureau of PureFood and Drue's of the State BoardVf Health has issued a general warning against batulism, a disease whichoccurs as a result of eating contaminated tinned food and which already has caused several fatalities inthe United States. Nodeaths haveyet been caused in Kentucky by thedisease, the bureau's announcementstates, but in order that the peopleof the State may protect themselvesfrom potential dangers it is deemedadvisable that they be acquaintedwith its seriousness.The disease is not lecessarily fatal,but it is easier to avoid than to cure.Its sole cause is bacteria in cannedfood and the presence of these bacteria invariably may be detected bythe person opening the container. Ifall canned goods that appear spoiledto the eye or to the nose are destroyed the disease need not be feared.TVo hni'Mn'c nrnrmnppTnfnt stnt.pt:that its warning is by no means an jindictment oi canning practices nora warning against canned food. Itwas issued purely in the hope thatany canned food that appears to thesenses the least bit suspicious will bethrown away immediately. ,oSAYS ITS A FACT.Those who have been close observers of weather vagaries say that whenthere is a thundred and lightningstorm m February there will be froston the corresponding day in May. AParis man told THE NEWS the otherday that he knows this to be a fact.He says he remembers severalyears ago that there was a very heavythunder and electrical storm in February and he put the date on hisdesk calendar. When that date rolled around in May there was a heavyfrost which killed vegetation.Put May 6th down on your calendar and see what happens on thatdate.Chairs of Historic Interest.There Is still kept In the museum atDorchester, England the judge's chaira very substantial article used byJeffreys at the assize at which he triedthe Monmouth rebels after Sedgemoor,In 1683; and In Moreton-in-the-Marshmay be seen the elaborately upholstered chair and footstool used byCharles I at his trial. They are keptin a glass case.oThe Gondolier.The gondolier In Venice Is as fineto. look at as his gondola ; he has color, too, In the ruddy dye of his face,the Infinite variety of his amber shirtsand blue trousers and scarlet sashes;and If you really know him, he is oneof the most charming of people. Arthur Symons.; oNew Alloy Resists Corrosion.Possessing the color and appearanceof nine-carat gold, a new alloy recently exhibited In England also hasthe property of resisting corrosionfrom chemical fumes or sea water. Ithas the ductility and malleability ofits precious counterpart and a.tensllsstrength of 20 tons per square Inch.It may be rolled, drawn, wrought srcast " .o'Weather and Diamonds. 'Diamond dealers don't like to passan opinion on gems when the day Isdamp. It is a fact that weather hasa great effect on" precious stJDnes.Murky weather will spoil the appearance of a diamond, but a really nasty,foggy day will make even the pureststone seem imperfectoChance for " Graduates.Advertisement In Chicago paperWanted, two fluent persons, welllearned In all branches of human andsuperhuman knowledge, to answer thequestions of a little girl of three and aboy of four. Boston Transcript.oChristmas Birthday.It Is an Interesting fact that SirIsaac Newton, who effected more thanany other person In rendering theworld familiar to us from an astronomical point of view, was bornon Christmas day. 1642.Mankind Analyzed.Man is phys'cally as well as metaphysically a thing of shreds and patches, borrowed unequally from good andbad ancestors, and a misfit from thebeginning. Emerson.Seizure of automobiles, in whfohliquor, is transported Illegally, is authorized by the Federal Government.STOMACH MISERYMeadow Creek W. Va. "I hadbeen sick for about c year and haddoctored .With several different doctors . and . noneseemed to do meany good. Anything I ate seemedto bloat me andcause great misery, and at nightI would takespells with myheart and had tojump up to getmy breath. I hadJust about given up all hope of evergetting well when I decided to tryDr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. After taking the first bottle Icould see a difference in myself soI continued until I took six bottlesand now I am sound and well."BEN BOWLES. All druggists.How Fabrics May Be Tested.'The thumb test will help to determine strength and weaving quality ofgoods. The fabric Is held between theforefingers and thumbs, while -the,knuckles should be forced together,causing a heavy strain on the fabric.Its strength will be shown by theease or difficulty with which It tears.oCAN'T LOSE HAIR.Twenty Years From Today A Baldheaded Man Will Be AnUnusual Sight.One of the most prominent druggists of America made a statement afew weeks ago which has caused agreat deal of discussion among scientists in the medical press.He said: "If the- new hair grower,Mildredina Hair Remedy, increasesits sales as it has during the pastyear, it will be used by nearly everyman, .woman and child in Americawithin eight years."When Mildredina Hair Remedy isused almost universally, dandruff willdisappear and with its departurebaldness, itching scalp, splitting hairand all scalp diseases will follow andtwenty years from now a bald head jwill be a rarity." Sample sent for15c to pay postage. Mail orders filled by Mildred Louise Co., Bqston,Mass.For sale by Varden & Son.(adv.)BULGARIAN BREWEASY TO MAKEFrom the rich soils of Europe, Asiaand Africa are gathered roots, barkstseeds, leaves, berries and flowergfor Mother Nature's Tonic jBULGARIAN BLOOD TEA 'The juices brewed from these herbs !assist Nature to sweeten the stomach, !flush the kidneys, enrich the blood andgently regulate the bowels. Brewed :hot at bedtime it helps to break up acold in a hurryJust try it. Ask your druggist to :uay., J'fa iiiHENRY ClAY MUFFINSIt makes one hungry ju to think of the dozens of goodthings that can be made better from HENRY CLAYFlour. Rich, golden muffins, for instance the light healthfulkind with the natural flavor of the wholesome grain. They willtempt any appetite If they're baked fromHENRY CLAY FLOURThe selerft portion of the wheat berry which, make HENRYCLAY the beft flour for breads, biscuits, cakes and pastries,renders it the ideal aU-piirpose flour, superior for any kind ofbaking. It makes good bakings certain.You can safely rely upon it. " Anything made from flour whetherit's muffins or macaroons HENRY CLAY Flour will make itbetter; -Your grocer would like to prove- this.HENRY GLAY from him TODAYLexington RollerIncorporatedLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYAffix - jg , Bju93BS(VjKBg i 7Tct,lPBJSSSJ n I m f fc t ski txW SK9UurlfSsHBHHbBbss5552i5PBS'iPJ525For the Family TableJust to taste the sweet, delicate flavor of MIOLOwill convince you of its goodness, for it's pure and youmay be proud to serve MIOLO on your table, remembering that it is pure, healthful, good-tasting roduct that'swhy we say-FOR THE FAMILY TABLE,Ask any, of the following Grocers about MIOLO andtry a pound to-day with their guarantee:Chas, P. Cook & Co,Dan JordanLogan HowardBaldwin Bros.L. D. MITCHELL, ManufacturerHutchcraf t Ekvator, Pltasant StreetCumberland Phone 1128iiUreter a sack of SaSagari J. jM3kMillsiA WELL-FEDmeans a well-filled egg basket. Use my special ScratchFeed and Egg Mash and notecarefully the result. TheScratch Feed keeps the hensbusy working after the grainThe egg Mash provides theibodies with food necessaryto a large egg yield.YourDealerSellsHENRYCLAYFLOURh.y-Nmkr r, -"N "vi Ir-:: ?v ..tjs'r?.FRIDAY,, MARCjH 4, mi..TO BOURBON NEWS, PASB. KKMTOCKfVySfTfaPAG-i-.?MfM4A!44t4pi'PtI.saby7h7opkSi.&ebts Sons CornsIn over eighty years ofbusiness as purveyorsof the finest qualityfoodstuffs groceries,canned goods and delicatessen, we have comein contact with severalprices. .foods at reasonable .That is why the discerninghousekeeper who insists onthebest things for her table, procures groceries, canned goodsand delicatessen from Peebles."To assist our customers andgenerations of Cincin- to make their.marketing morenati housewives.And as to grandmother,Peebles' meant the bestgrocery in Cincinnatiso to the housewife oftoday, Peebles' means thefinest in pure, wholesomeconvenient and more comfortable, everything that tendsto the best service is providedat each of our four stores.In our Mail Order Department personal attention isgiven to each order. Maywe send our catalog to you?THE JOSEPH R. PEEBLES' SONS CO.Government Squmre, CINCINNATIffl,ja"ww"'"M'awBaBaBawwMMMMMMga,MMttwaMMMMHtH ft 1 M'f W W t 1 fit t 1 1 1 frff f t 1 1 f H 111! 11 1 1 1 1 1 1MBILLY SUNDAYIS COMINGHe'll be in 'Cincinnati "'eight weeks, beginningMarch 6th. You may fail to get to Cincinnatiand hear him in the 'great Tabernacle, butyoucanREAD BILLY SUNDAY'S SERMONSDAILY IN THE CINCINNATI POSTThere will be only a few in the big audience' whowill be able to hear with accuracy every worduttered by the noted evangelist. In the quiet ofyour , home, without confusion, without theex- -pense and inconvenience of traveI,you can read thesermons Billy Sunday delivers at the Tabernacle..Don't miss themeach sermonis brimful of HumaiPlnterestRed-Blooded.Watch The Post Daily Duringthe Great Billy Sunday Revival-How to Order Postt?tKI "M'jf ff if f tfffft tt 1 1 t f ff f f 1 If f 'Hffrt 1 II f HI JOrder thru carrier in your town. If there is no carrier, kindly appoint oneand send his name and yours pinned to this ad. For this courtesy we will deliver The Post to you for TWO MONTHS FREE OF CHARGE. If youlive on a rural route, or where the carrier cannot deliver, mail us ONE DOLLAR and The Post containing Billy Sunday's sermons will be delivered to youuntilMay 15. Mail your order at once to Circulation Dept., Cincinnati Post,Cincinnati, Ohio.experienceURis amnle and ourOconduct is right. Weare equipped with thelatest scientific aidsand conduct our duties in a highly satisfactory manner.EARTHQUAKESGROWING PAINSNewer Geologic FormationsCause Tremors ReportedFrom Various Sections.HARVARD EXPERT EXPLAINSTh World Merely Suffering AnotherPeriodic. String of Convulsion, HeSay Scores of Shakes Every.Twenty-four Hours.Cambridge, Mass. The epidemic ofearthquakes that shook the world inseveral widely separated sections inrecent weeks contains no catfse forgeneral alarm ; they are only the 'growing pains of the newer geologicalformations and old Mother Earth herself at heart" is still sound and solid.This, in effect, is the reassuring statement of Professor J. B. Woodworth,who is in charge of the Harvard seismographic station, as prepared for thecorrespondents of the. press.Occur in Series.Earthquakes have a way 'of occurring in series, he said, and the worldhas merely been suffering from another of these periodic strings of convulsions in the shocks reported fromAlbania, China and Peru. As a matterof fact, there are a score of earthquakes 'strong enough to be felt orregistered somewhere in the worldevery twenty-four hours, but only asmall proportion of them are serious.Some are so small that they would notbe realized but for the sensitiveness ofinstruments. To indicate the fine perceptions of these Instruments, Professor Woodworth said that in times ofsevere storms at sea tha crash of thesurf on the rock coast of Newfoundland is registered at the seismographiclaboratory here."The quakes that shook China andSouth America last month were notthe same, but 'separate shocks," saidProfessor Woodworth. "Geologists allknow that earthquakes are likely thustj come in groups. For example, Inthe year 1755 the city of Lisbon, iiPortugal, was destroyed by an earthquake on November 1, while on the18th of the same month Boston wasseverely shaken. The difficulty is thatthere Is no way of telling exactlywhen or where they will occur. If oneserious quake occursr we may predictthat others are likely to follow it, butthat information is of little practicalvalue since we cannot tell how longthe epidemic will last, what the Interval between the quakes will be or inwhat part of the earth they will occur.East Not Often Visited."The eastern part of the UnitedStates Is not often visited with severeearthquakes. The only severe onesfelt hereabouts since New Englandwas settled were in 1GI38, in 1727' andin 1755, with a much lesser one In1872."The shock of 1727 was so vigorousthat sermons were preached "on 'AHoly Fear of God and His Judgments,' and a day of fasting and prayer was .observed. The shock in 1755brought down 1,500 chimneys and thegable ends of brick houses in Boston.But the really large earthquakes arein .the portions of the earth such asJapan, the East Indies, Alaska and thePacific ocean floor, where the mountains are new geologically and wherethe rocks are moving. Volcanic regionsare often identical with earthquakeregions, but great earthquakes showno immediate connection with volcanoes. "About twenty earthquakes strongenough to be felt or registered occurevery day in the year somewhere Inthe world, but only a small proportionof these are serious. The Harvardseismograph registers some eightyearthquakes a year, chiefly distantones, from 2,000 to 6,000 miles away.'lBENEDICT REGAINS MEMORYNew York Man Found In Cincinnati;Calls for "Home" WhenHe Comes To.Cincinnati, O. Frederick Soter, NewYork tobacco exporter, who waspicked up in Cincinnati without hismemory, revived at a hospital, his firstwords being "I want to go home."Soter does not remember what ensued since he left his bride in NewYork city, upon his return from a honeymoon tour to Paris. The bride andher uncle, F. Strater Soter of NewYork, arrived here, and were overjoyed to find the man's memory partially restore.d. He remembers hisname, his residence and all that happened before last Thursday but nothing since.Plans were made to leave with theamnesia victim for their home In NewYork.Won Title by Eating 26 Waffles.New York. The title of championwaffle eater of the world has been wonby Private Paul Francis Jones of theUnited States marine corps. He established that claim by eating 26 waffles In 30 minutes flat in a contest withrepresentatives of the army In NewYork city.Pine Alms Givers.Bilboa, Spain. The governor has issued an order for the imposition ofheavy fines on any person caught giving .alms tov street beggars. The governor declares he is determined ts endpublic mendicancy, -- ,-.-;e:Qmm 'and Back Hur.lot on 'Minos, Ya. "I am nakingthis Btatement for the benefit o anyone suffering as Idid. I had painIn my side andcould scarcely eatanything. Myback hurt all thetime and I wasry nervous. Nomedicine did meany good until Itook Dr. Pierce'sGolden Medical.Discovery and hisFavorite Prescription, together withthe Pleasant .pUdta. After takingfour bottles orwh I could be-oip allday."MRS. SARAH R. TERRY.All druggists, or send 10c to Dr.Pierce's Invalids' Hotel in Buffalo,N. Y., for a trial package of any ofbis remedies.BItA NOTE OF LONG AGO.(Cynthiana Log Cabin.). Cashier R. S. Withers, of the National Bank of Cynthiana, has a curiosity in the form of an old banknote issued 'by the "Bank of Cynthiana" which was chartered in 1818and continued in business for aboutten years, a part of the time in thepresent Central. Hotel building. Thebank was a State bank. The noteMr. Withers has is a $1 note, issuedin 1818 and signed-by the first president, Wm. C. Moore, and the firstcashier, Henry Brown.o 'His Prayer Was Answered!.A Grimsby (Eng.) fish merchantwhy early in the year wrote "Godsend you back to me" upon a treasury note which he put Into circulationwas surprised to receive it back recently as part payment of an accountby a Swindon customer.1 L -lSWEAR OFFTOBACCO"No-To-Bac" has helped thousandsto break the costly, nerve-shatteringtobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a cigarette, cigar, pipe,or for a chew, just place a harmlessNo-To-Bac tablet in your mouth instead, to help relieve that awful desire. Shortly the habit may be completely broken, and you are betteroff menially, physically, financially.It's so easy, so simple. Get a box oNo-To-Bac and if ;t doesn't releaseyou from all craving for tobaccoinany form, your druggist will refundyour money without question.5mTo abort a coldand prevent complications take1 1m akalotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel tablets that arenausealess, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35c,mlis1DiWaddePile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be OperatedK until yon have tried Dr. Waddcll'sRemedy. Absolutely harmless. Gnartnteed to give absolute saflsfaction orjaoaey refunded. $1.50 per botI at yearirufgitt If not write us.edicineSmfflisGroVaKyJS. FARMERREAD THIS !Overhauling machinery during the slack season so as tobe sure to havejt in first-classworking order when needed,has long' been recognized asgood practice it is especiallyso with a tractor. Nearlyevery tractor should have ageneral overhauling duringthe fall or winter months. v7This may not always be necessary after the first season'swork, but it will do no harmeven in this case, but after -thetractor has been used twoor more years an annual overhauling is overhauling isalmost essential to insure satisfactory operation during thebusy eason.Our prices are reasonable,so why hesitate? SeeRUGGLESC, S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St .Farmers-List YourRepair Needs NowNow is the time, to overhaul your farm-operatingequipment. Get out the machinery have itcleaned, oiled, inspected and put in good runningorder.Make a list of all repair parts needed, and orderthem now. As far as possible, we try to anticipateyour needs, and to carry a full line of repairs at alltimes. The only way for you to be sure that yourmachines will be readywhen you need them is toorder your repairs now. This will enable us to replenish our stock, if necessary.Please let us have your list o'f repairs before orduringNational Repair WeekFebruary 28th to March 5thMake National Repair Week mean somethingto you, Set aside a few days while there is timeto get your machinery in working order. Havethe satisfaction of the week, that every machine orimplement on your farm is ready for use when youneed it.And BeSureYou Buy. Genuine J JJ Q Repairsfor International MachinesRepair Service is Part of Our Business.Can Help Us to Improve It.Y,uC. S. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant StreetTrees for Spring Planting !Write for our free catalogofferingFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrape Vinesn PerennialsEvergreensHedgingRosesEtc.Everything for the Orchard.Lawn and Garden. No Agents.H. F. Hllltnrncytr & SonsLtxington, Ky.CteM-tt) ' ' c ...WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYPatronize Bourbon News AdrertUers.yf-Vv:a5zV ,-. -vL-vt.,yw -Lr,. i. --1.5,h-"fifl-J;?AGE SIGHTTHI BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, MARCH 4 121.'--rJk'Ar- MILLERSBUftGDr. W. G. Daily and others attended the funeral of Mr. WalterClark at Paris, Sunday.Mrs. Mattie Hawes and son, Mr.James Hawes, of Covington, wereguests of relatives here from Saturday until Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Hurst attended the funeral of their aunt, Mrs.Margurete Kirk, at Elizaville, Sunday afternoon.Mr. Dexter Power has purchasedthe property of Mrs. Amanda Mastinn First street, now occupied by Mr.George Ludenburg and family.In a basket ball game betweenthe Carlisle High School and M. M. I.,n the floor of the latter, Carlislewas defeated by a score of 21 to 15.Miss Leona Letton, who has"been on a vacation for several-weeks, has returned, and has resumed her position in the store of C. W.Corrington.George Boulden and sister.Mias liillie Boulden, en route homefrom Florida, where they spent thewinter, were recent guests of relatives in this city.Mesdames Clara Shanks, FannieNorton, Anna Darnell and ElizabethDay continue about the same. Mrs.Minnie Rule and Dr. H. M. Boxleycontinue quite ill. Mrs. T. W. CurTent, is able to be up again. MissAlice Courtney is able to sit up aboutthe room, a little.Kentucky Wesleyan Academywent down in defeat at Winchester,Friday night, before the onslaughtof M. M. I., losing by a score of 22 to15. At the end of the first half thescore stood 13 to 6 in the Academey-boys favor, but in the last half M. M.L tightened up and the game was wonby the superior team work of M. M.LThe following families havechanged homes this week: Mr. J. F.McDaniel and family, have movedfrom the property of Mr. S. H. Endicott to that recently purchased byhim; Mr. G. W. Bramblett, Mr. andMrs. S. H. Endicott to their home vacated by the McDaniels from theirfarm; Mr. G. W. Bramblett and family from his property sold to Mr. J.F. Daniels, to his farm near -Winchester..o jBIG CASH SALEk - jWe must reduce stock. We are"going to sell for a limited time lorcash only, 3 in. John Deere orBrown wagons for $115; 3 in. "for$112. These wagons bought todaywould have to sell at $150. Phoenix,or Harper buggies, worth $200, for$150. Standard full leather top,worth $165, for $125. iFARMERS' SUPPLY CO.(It)DEATHS.BRIERLY.Mrs. Nancy Jane Brierly, agedaged seventy-two, wife of ThomasBrierlyfi died at her home nearOakland, in Nicholas, county, aftera long illness from tuberculosis.Mrs. Brierly is survived by sixchildren, one of whom, Mrs. OliieWatkins, resides in Millersburg.Funeral services were held at tbei Oakland Church, conducted byRey. C. R. Thomas. The intermentfollowed in the family graveyard,near by.Mcdonald.The funeral of W. O. McDonald,aged seventy-one, who died at hishome in Lexington, Wednesday night,after an illness of several months,will be held at" the family home thisafternoon at 2 :30 o'clock. The bodywill he taken to Clintonville wherethe interment will take place on thefamily lot at four o'clock.Mr. McDonald is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Ida Thompson McDonald, one daughter, Mrs. A." O. Morgan; two brothers, Jasper McDonald,of Winchester, and Janies F. McDonald, of Arcadia, Cali., four sisters,Mrs. Mary C. McDonald, Mrs. BettieC. Hardman, Miss Sadie McDonald,and Mrs. Oliie Fry, all of Winchester.t-o-COMING EVENTS.THE LEADER DEPARTMENTSTORE in the Simon building openssoon.l ( theatre I1AND11iUOPERA HOUSElM I , I2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30TO-DAY, FRIDAYMETRO PRESENTS"Loveonorand Obey"Eugene Walters' SoulReaching Drama, Enacted byAN ALL STAR CASTAlso JOE RYANin "THE PURPLE RIDERS"and the VANITY GIRLS" in "Sleepy Head"Tomorrow, SaturdayMETRO PRESENTSALICE LAKEIIN"The Greater Claim"She destroyed her marriage certificate,for the angry chorus girl decided -thatsince her husband and his family wantednothing to do with her she would go herway alone. . What trouble that heated destruction caused is vividly nortrayed byAlice Lake in 'The Greater Claim."A photoplay of Love's Triumph overPride of Clan.Also Alice Howell ComedySquirrel Time"MONDAY AND TUESDAYMARCH 7th AND tthMaurice Tourneur's Masterpiece of the ScreenThe Great RedeemerBy H. H. VAN LOONWith House Peters and a notable supporting cast. The most impressive picture of the year.99In Addition MondayCentury Comedy, "Laughing GaAnd Pathe NewsIn Addition TuesdayWm. Duncan in "Fighting Fate"and Pathe ReviewAflmiccinil' Adults 27c. plus 3c war tax 30c-VUIllIdMUil. Children and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedMonday afternoon from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, to Robert M. Adair and Miss Martha Stephenson, both of near Paris.Allen Electrical CompanyAnnounce Their Opening ForSATURDAY, MARCH 5,With a full and complete line ofElectrical Fixtures and AppliancesEverything from a Door Bell to a Complete. Power PlantALL ESTIMATES FREEAllen Electrical Co.Telephone 500PARIS, KY.a nLEXINGTON, KY.S"MfftfffH1tmnHfliiaMaaaa"M""M"""M"""aMM,w nMariiage licenses were issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to the following:Forrest S. Day, 30, Route 3, Paris,and Lucy A. Insko, 28, Millersburg;Wm. Taylor and Mrs. Maria Blake,both of Paris.9The following announcementshave been issued:"Mr. and Mrs. John W. Poindexter announce the marriage of theirdaughter, Sarah Catherine, to Mr.Benjamihe Houston, on Thursday,February twenty-fourth, one thousand, nine hundred and twenty-one,Cynthianar Kentucky. . At Home,Paris, Kentucky."HUDSON NASH.t J. W. Nash, and Mrs. Anna Moberly Hudson, both of Lexington, secured marriage license Jiere Wednesday afternoon and were married laterat the home of the officiating minister Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian Church. After theceremony they returned to Lexington where they will reside.FAULCONER EDMONSON.Rev. E. T. Edmonson, of Lexington, well known to many Paris people, was married in that city Tuesday evening at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. C. Bower,to Miss Eva P. Faulconer. . Rev. Edmonson, formerly pastor of the Carlisle Christian church, is now pastorof the Woodland Avenue Christianchurch, in Lexington. The bride isPrincipal of the Maxwell street schoolin Lexington.Don'tgamblewith yourwife'shappiness' .SSSKSSSSimRmzraBfc--KjUkaIM.C.Don't bet your wife's happiness your children'swelfare on the belief that you will always be well.You can never tell when the sudden sickness oraccident will come that may lay you helpless.But you can protect .those you love from its tragicconsequences if you act in time.iETNA-IZEAn Etna Disability Policy will pay you $50.00 to$100.00 a week for as long as you are totally disabled by accident $50.00 a week up to 5& weeksif laid up by sickness; and if the accident shouldprove fatal your wife will receive $10,000 to $30,000in a lump sum.and a member of the firm of Stuart& O'Brien, of this city, with whomhe has been associated ' for manyyears. He is a brother of Louis !Taylor, of Paris. The bride is a sister of Mrs. Garrett Jefferson, ofParis, and previous to her marriageto Mr. Taylor, had been a memberof the clercial force at the Bourbon-,Agricultural" Bank & Trust Co..where sh8 was highly regarded forher womanly qualities and businessability. jMr. and Mrs. Taylor left on the3:30 Louisville and Nashville trainfor a short honeymoon trip, their Idestination being kept a secret. On,their return they will go to house -:keeping at Mr Taylor's home onPleasant street.PARIS STUDENT HURT AT KY.UNIVERSITY.While boxing with another studentin the gymnasium of Kentacky University at Lexington, LawrenceSoper, Jr., of Paris, sustained abroken nose when his opponent'sglove landed on the member. Theinjured member was given medicalattention, and Mr. Soper was removed to the Good Samaritan Hospital. Mr. Soper who is a son of Mr. andMrs. L. A. Soper, Sr., of Pari, is amember of the Alpha Sigma Fraternity and a promising student of theinstitution. He was reported yesterday a getting along very nicely.oThe total automobile revenue for1921 in New York State is estimatedat $11,000,000.BIRTHS.GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceOn Tuesday, nierht. to the wifeof Frank . Prindel, of Fergusonstreet, a daughter.BOTH TELEPHONESDay Night t1 J7TiifmninmiiimnnnmimiiiiiimmmmiBISHOP HUGHES.Robert L. Hughes, of (Paris, popular L. & N. fireman, and brother ofMiss Hattie Hughes, of Paris, surprised his friends and relatives byreturning to Paris, Wednesday night,with a charming bride. Mr. Hughesand Miss Fleta Bishop, of Covington,were married Wednesday afternoonat the home of the officiating minister, Rev. Crates, in Covington.Mr.and Mrs. Hughes returned toParis, Wednesday night, and areguests at the home of his mother andsister. At the conclusion of theirvisit they will reside in Covington.Mrs. Hughes is an attractive youngwoman. She' was before her marriagefloor lady at the Julian Kokeng ShoeCo.'s in Cincinnati. Mr. and Mrs.Hughes have the good wishes of ascore of friends for a long and happywedded life.&f?v - j.--sr -a-Why not make her future safe today?A: J. FEE, Local Agent"'aiJMHoc,STEPHENSON ADAIR.The marriage of Miss Martha Stephenson to Mr. Robert Adair was solemnized at the home of the officiatng minister, Rev. Mark Collis, in Lexington at three o'clock, "Mondayafternoon. The bride was attired ina charming blue suit with an American. Beauty hat.They were accompanied by thesister of the bride, -Miss . Sara Stephenson, and brother of the groom,Mr. Hiram Adair.The bride is a daughter of Mr.am Mrs. Lee Stephenson, of nearParis, and the groom Js a son of Mr.and Mrs. A. P. Adair . -They left in their machine- for abrief wedding trip and on their return .will go to housekeeping nearParis, .sBLAKE TAYLORA quiet home wedding in whichthe principals were two well-knownand popular young Paris people, tookplace yesterday afternoon, at threeo'clock, at the home -of Mr. and Mrs.Garrett Jefferson, on South Mainstreet, in -this city. -At that hourMr. William McClelland Taylor andMrs. Maria Worthington Blake, weremarried, Rev.,W.-E- EUis,-.pastoiof-theParis Christian church, 'perfornp-mg the ceremony. Only MrsfBlaketimmediate family, and Mr. and Mrs..Lou Taylor witnessing the ceremony.me onoegroQin, is & son -;of -the-Clearing Sale!Entire stock now on sale at a saving of 40 and 50 percent on every pair. Shoes, Rubbers and Oxfords everything included everything reduced.See These Enormous ValuesLadies' Tan English Lace Shoes, Black KidEnglish Shoes, former $6,00 valuesreduced to$3.49Ladies' High Grade Footwear, all styles,high heels, low heels, Tan English Shoes,Tan Kid Oxfords. Reduced toS3.99Ladies' Beautiful New Boots, in tan or blackkid leathers, English "or high heels, 18.00values. Reduced to$4.85Men, This Sale Offers You the Chance to Buy ShoesAt Less Than Wholesale Cost Prices,Men's Tan Mahogany' Shoe3, Gun MetalShoes, Goodyear Welt soles, $7.00 values nowS3.99Men's Good Shoes, Vici Kid, Gun Metal, allnew styles, $8.00 values, reduced to$4.85Men's Fine Work Shoes, $3.00 and $3.50 value,Tan Elk leathers, Black Calfskin.Choice$1.99Misses' $4.00 Tan English Lace Boots, size11 to 2, now$2.99Men's $2.50sizes, nowCloth One-Buckle Arctics$1.49Men! Walk-Over Shoes Now at LessThan Cost! Buy NOW! $10.00 and$1:2.00 Grades reduced to,- "" .. ..$6.95 AND $7.95DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Stores Where Beauty and Economy Reignv.;: : t ' late .Mrs. -Tranrmh. tvw - rf:-v -.- -- - . -; --... - - n"'"vtV.-