sVNty-v. $ t t 'if:- ir s ' ,,Xr xt.s. " r 1 ' ',,-,fejtr .'bj&5hs - 4Sft;JI:?Atf :M. -.r - , vww" fT; -j - jt . u y' ,PUBLISHED EVERY. TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARISBOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 10.1921" Vs, .AI Ul4BSfBSSSSV BBHBSs. Bsi ; SspiVSSSfeSSSSSSSSr SSSSSSSk BBB SBBH V' SM BHvBB, SMFBH'-BKlBB-BF SMr. BB.IBSSkHSSBBx Bfl BaT ' 'b'('SSBb SSj BBeTBbLDuunounI1LVVOBSBBl S9 Bsl BBBSSSSBl,1HERO'S FUHERAL TO BE HELDSUNDAY.Accompanied by Private Miles E.Wheatley, of Camp Knox, the bodyof Luther Clyde Shanks, victim oftheworld war, which arrived in Louisville a few days ago, was broughtto Paris, and was taken to the undertaking establishment of Geo. R.Davis.Young Shanks enlisted from Bourbon county in. the U. S. army serviceand was after the usual period ofcamp training, assigned to Company K., Sixteenth Infantry, andlater sent overseas. He participatedin a number of engagements, andwas wounded by a shell in Francewhile on the firing line on October-5, 1918, and died from the injuryon October 18, 1918. The body wasburied temporarily in the AmericanCemetery in France, and later sentto America, arriving at Hoboken,New Jersey, from where it was sentto Louisville, then to his old home.Toung Shanks was the son of Mr.and Mrs. J. L. Shanks, formerly ofParis and now residents of Malion,Indiana.The funeral will be held Sundayafternoon in the Methodist church,where services will be conducted byRev. C. H. Gfeer, at three o'clock.The interment will follow in theParis Cemetery, where the committalexercises will he conducted under auspices of Bourbon Post, AmericanLegion, which will pay full militaryhorors to the departed soldier.To all members of Bourbon Post,American Legion: Your presence isrequested at the Court House, inParis, on Sunday afternoon, June1, at 2:00 o'clock, p. fm., to attendthe funeral services and burial ofLuther Clyde Shanks, who died overseas. WM. COLLINS, Commander.CANDIDATES TAKE NOTICE!The "Kentucky Election Law provides that all candidates for countyor magisterial district offices whodesire their names printed on theofficial ballot for theprimary of Au-gust 6, most file their applicationwith proper affidavit with the County Clerk thirty days before the primary, which makes July 7 the lastday for filing. Don't overlook it.LODGE NOTESThe Frankfort Council, Knights ofColumbus, will celebrate the gloriousFourth by staging a big basket picnic at Dudley's Island, near Frankfort. Arrangements are being macjeby the committee in charge to mak-the affair the best Fourth of Julypicnic ever 'held there.oCEMENT!HAVE JUST UNLOADED FRESHCAB CEMEpT.(22apl-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.ininiiiiMiiiiiiiniiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiumu'uI1 FRANK&CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSDON'T ,OVERLOOKTHESETaffeta CharmeuseTricolette .and Wool Jersey-DRESSES$15.50I J.."SHOP AT HOMEFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERSMIlMVnilMMIIiMllllilililMjHiSUITS SOU $80,000 AGAINST THEL-&N,As an aftermath of the accidentwhich occurred last March at Montrose station, in Fayette county, inwhich W. G-. Napier, of- Paris, waskilled, and Ossie Gravitt and WilliamBowe, also of Paris, were injured,three suits against the L. & N. Railway Co., aggregating $80,000, havebeen filed in the office of ' CircuitClerk Wm. H. Webb, in this city,for hearing at the coming term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court.Thos. W. Napier; as administrator for W. C Napier, sued fo r$40,000, and Ossie Gravitt and WilliamBowe, sued for" $15,000 and $25,000,respectfully, for injuries sustainedin the accident. The accident occurred on March 21, when the men,in a big motor truck, were attempting, to cross the L. & N. tracks atMontrose station. They had beenmoving some furniture frbm Avon toParis in a motor truck belonging' toMartin Bros., of Paris, after havinggone to Lexington earlier in the daywith a load' of tobacco. Napier waskilled and Gravitt and Bowe injured.Mr. Napier is represented by Talbott & Whitley, while the same firmwill represent Bowe and Gravitt.PINE BUSINESS CHANCEA WELL ESTABLISHED GROCERY ON MAIN STREET, INCLUDING STOCK AND FIXTURES, ISOFFERED FOR SALE PRIVATELY.PRESENT OWNER IS GOING TOLEAVE THE CITY. THIS IS AFINE CHANCE TO BUY A WELLPAYING.BUSINESS. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION;CALL AT NEWS OFFICE.BOURfeON RAISED COLTFOR $30,000SELLSWilliam A., noted two-year-old,bred and raised on thee MilitaryStock Fawn of John Wiggins, nearHutchison, in this county, was solda few days ago in New York to theRancocas Stable for the princelysum of $30,000. Mr. Wiggins disposed of the horse in his yearlingform for $1,500. He was later soldfor $2,100, and now. goes to anotherowner for $30,000.William A. has shown as one ofthe best juveniles raced in the Eastthis year, and his developmentmight well serve as a chapterthe East this year, and his development might well serve as a chapterin the ups and downs of thoroughbred ownership. He is by Jack.AikinThera, by Nastertium. The coltworked five and one-half furlongs atBelmont Park recently in 1:07, goingthe final eighth in 1:00. Mr. Wiggins is exceedingly proud of the record the colt has made and says heis very sorry he had hot sold someother one from his place and keptWilliam A., in the Jight of recent developments. tIUv v Wjjpf99& C O.-y-'SCHOOL NOTESA large number of the Paris CitySchool teachers will spend the summed in different summer scfiools inthe north and east, while quite a fewwill be in the Kentucky "summerschools. Miss Ellen Blanding, supervisor of music, will spend the summer at Cornell University, Ithica, N.Y.; Miss Reba Lockhart, teacher of(history, and Miss Elizabeth Rotf,teacher, of Latin, at the Universityof Chicago; Miss Bess ,Purnell,ja.tGeorge Washington ' University,Washington, D. C; Miss JuliaClarke, at University of Colorado;Miss Yeager, University of Pennsylvania; Miss Ranson, University ofKentucky Miss Maude Taylor, University of Tennessee ; Mrs. Stone,Mrs. Fishback, Misses Brannon, Farrell, Rice, Talbott, and Whaley, willspend the -summer in the KentuckyUniversity Summer School in. Paris,.Miss Lucille Harbold, graduate ofKentucky State University, who hasbeen selected to assist in the Department of Latin and , English, willspend the summer in Columbia University, New x York City, where sheis taking her M. A. Degree in English. Paris High School will open Monday, September 6, 1921, with twelveHigh School teachers trained in thebest colleges' and universities inAmerica.When the City School opens inSeptember the Commercial Department will be ready with a larger program than was offered this year.'Miss Margie Kelly, who directed thedepartment so ably tms year, winagain be in charge of the work, andwill have sufficient assistance to enable her to take care of all HighSchool students who want commercial work, and all adults in the cityand county who want to take anycommercial courses.During the summer private commercial school solicitors come intothis territory and sign up people forcourses which are often very expensive, and we -desire to call the attention of all to the fact that the ParisCity Schools are offering a comprehensive course in commercial work,and ask you if you are interested inthis kind of work, wait until September 6 and enroll in your home institution. Arrangements will be madewhereby adult students' who comeinto the school for part time workcan advance just as rapidly as theirability will enable them.The largest class in the history .fthe1 Paris schools numbering one hundred and thirty-seven, heard an ableand instructive address delivered atthe High School building in thiscity, Wednesday morning, by GegrgColvin, State Superintendent of Public Instruction. Mr. Colvin commended the parents who had kept theirchildren in school up to this pointin their lives and asked each to lethis child' continue on through HighSchool and colleges. He paid an eloquent tribute to the teachers whohad consecrated their lives to thecalling which he considers higherthan motherhood and praised the efforts of County Superintendent J. B.Caywood in making a class of thissize possible. Mr. Colvin also commended the county and the cityBoards of Education and Superintendent of Schools -Lee Kirkpatrick.The invocation was delivered byRev. T. S. Smylie, and the addressof welcome was delivered by Prof.Kirkpatrick. The medal for thehighest average in the county examinations, irrespective of residence,was awarded by Silas E. Bedford, ofthe Peoples' Deposit Bank, to MissMary Ewalt Clay, whose average was.94 5-11. For the highest averagein the city and county the medalswere awarded by the county examiners, Prof. Kirkpatrick and Mrs. Robt.Bell, to Misses Dorothy Pepper andLillian Donaldson, respectively. Thediplomas were presented by Prof. J.W. Lancaster, of the MillersburgGraded School.jJSCISSORS SHARPENING ASPECIALTYHaving installed a modern' sharpening machine we are prepared tosharpen scissors, knives or cutlery ofany kind accurately. .This is one ofthe best machines, ever made andputs on a true bevel edge and sharpest cutting surface. Call on us.HONICAN BROS." BARBER SHOP.(10-2t) Ninth and Main.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANCLANGING EIRE ENGINE IS DANGER WARNINGFire hydrants and clanging firebells should be safety warnings tocautious motorists.Keep away from fire hydrants.Not only because it's against the lavto park close to them. In case offire nearby, a car too near a hydrantmust be. moved and the firemen arenot slow or careful about it either.Locked cars, pushed away in a hurry,are in danger of injury.Fire bells heard while driving area warning to move to the right immediately and stop. Never look tosee which way the fire trucks arecoming. Stop immediately and therewilrte no accident.Even where there is no ordinanceagainst parking in narrow streets, jtwould-be safer for auto drivers notto park there. Fire routes are usually not through narrow streets, butanything might happen to force firetrucks to take such streeti. And' a'fast-moving engine i a narrow streetirats the 'cars, cursed alongside ,indanger of destruction. T,DEATH OF A. T. BERT LOSS TOSTATEnJt' ?:, Hert' Republican Nationalcommitteeman for Kentucky, died atthe New Willard Hotel, in Washington, at 4:15 o'clock Tuesday afternoon. A physician was summonedJKlyiT??,da mornng.- Findingthat Mr. Hert had a high blood pressure, he advised him to restImmediatelyprior to his" deathwhich resulted from apoplexy, he hadbeen resting in bed in a half-sittingposture deep in discussion of political appointments with CongressmanJohn W. Langley, Tenth KentuckywisLnut, ana j. Matt UMlton, Jeffer-son county attorney. Congressmano. m. itODinson, Eleventh Kentucky Plaintiffi .asserts that the automoDistrict, was announced. Mr. HeTrtbile in which she was riding wasfT6136"11111- Turn-1 hurled fromlhe road and she wSb 1.7, .: v"a ivir. xiert Degan jto chide him about a minor politicalappointment in which he and Mr.Robinson were interested. But hi3laugh turned to a cry of pain, andhe fell back upon the bed. Twominutes later he was dead.Hurried efforts were being madeto obtaon a physician when Dr. R.Lyman Sexton, who had treated Mr.Hert, Tuesday morning, happenedin. He pronounced Mr. .Hert dead.Even had the physician been on handat the beginning of the attack. Mr.Hert's death could not have beenprevented, he said.Mr. Hert had remained in bedTuesday -and was sitting up whilehe was holding the conference inthe afternoon. Several of those nres-ent suggested that they let matters Jwait until Wednesdayj but Mr. Hertdeclaring that he was feeling well,Rankin machine were colored pfeoinsisted on disposing of them Tues- pie. The cab driver hearing theday afternoon. In the morning he crash as the machines came together,had seen several visitors and had I came back and told the Paris partydisposed of some political matters, what he had observed. Mr. Thomp-George Lund, 'Mr. Hert's valet,purchased railroad tickets for the return to Kentucky, Thursday. Mr.Hert had told Mrs. Hert that hewould return and was anxious thathe should not have to prolong hisstay in Washington, Lund said.In addition to his widow, Mrs.Sally Aley Hert, whom he marriedin Bedford, Ind., Nov. 20, 1893, Mr.Hert is survived by two sisters, Mrs.Harold L. Arnold, Los Angeles, andMrs. Grace Fields, Bloomington, Ind.His parents are dead and a sister andtwo brothers have died in recentyears.The body arrived in Louisville,Wednesday night. The funeral willtake place from Hurstbourne Farnlat 4 o'clock this (Friday afternoon,preliminary to. the burial in Bedford,Ind., Mr. Hert's native -home. "Mr, Jlert became nationally knownafter ""becoming Kentucky's memberof the Republican. National Committee five years ago. 'Hcwas a factorin bringing about the nomination ofHarding at the Chicago convention.He was considered for a time for aCabinet post.. While he was not appointed to the Cabinet, Mr. Hardingsought to tender him a diplomaticpost, he declined, because he did notdesire to leave this country, eventemporarily.oNOTES FROM THE , NATIONALGAME.-By a vote of five to one the Carlisle City Council, at a recent meet"ing, went on recoru as uemg vyyvawto Sunday baseball. A-committee ofwomen appeared before the Counciland urged the adoption of an ordinance prohibiting Sunday games.Mrs. Henry M. Potts stated thatwhile she was opposed to Sundaybaseball the city should providesome kind of 'Sunday afternoon entertainment for young men. An ordinance was prepared and voted onresulting in its adoption.At the West Second streetpark Sunday afternoon the ParisRuggles team and the Winchesterteam will p'-y. The game will becalled promptly at 2:30 o clock.TtiV Winchester team has been playing fast ball this season, having metand defeated some of the beat semprofessional teams in oeiurai Kentucky. The Paris team will have astrong team in action Sunday afternoon, to support Caparoni, who willbe on the mound. Manager Cridersays patrons of the sport-re promised a good exhibition of ball playing.Last Sunday's game, when Paris defeated the Lexington team by a narrow margin of one run has put newlife in the locals and will help toboost the Sunday attendance.Owing to the expense the clubbeen under in securing new playersan admission charge of twenty-fivecents will be made for ladies.oATTENTION, BOURBON POST' AMERICAN LEGIONTo All Members of Bourbon Post,American Legion: Your presence isrequested at the Court House, inParis, on Sunday afternoon, June 12,at 2:00 p. m. o'clock, to attend thefuneral servibes and burial ofLuther Clyde Shanks, who died overseas. IWM. COLLINS, Commander.oY. M. C. A. NOTES,The following boys passed the beginners' swimming test at the Y. M.C. A., Tuesday, and are entitled towear the swimmer's buttons:, J. R Myers, $olla Cavanaugh, Wm.Y erkes, H. 3. Hill, Harry Current'Lancaster, Sherrill 'Williams, SimLevy, Ben Stagall and Prentiss Burton. The instruction class for girls willbegfn to-morrow afternoon at twoo'clock. Last year twelve girls Qualified as beginners ff during the freeinstruction A period. All .tBourboncounty girls4 nine years oldt and .overwho cannot "swim are,'entitled to thefr lesions. " . ..$20,200 SUIT EESUIr OF AUTOC0LLISI0N.Suit Tor 20,200 damages as theresult of an alleged automobile collision, has been filed in the FayetteCircui Court by Fannie Rankinsagainst Louise Van Meter and DrakeThompson, Jr.In "her petition the nlaintifp aWl that on May 22 she was a passengerm an automobile coming towardsLexington on the Winchester pike.When about three miles from 'thecity limits, it is stated, her machinewas run into by an automobile belonging to defendant, Louise Vanmeter, and driven by defendant.i Drake Thompson. Jr.renaerea unconscious for a while astne result of injuries. Damage tothe extent of ?20,000 are-asked forpersonal injuries and $200 lor medical expenses.It is alleged here by witnessesthat the Ford machine which FannieRankin and party, colored, occupieded at the time of the alleged accident was standing in the middle ofthe road, without light's and apparently unoccupied, as no one could beseen. A cab driver who had preceded the Paris party noticed theRankin machine and called to themto get out of the middle of the roadand turn on their lights. His carbarely missed colliding with it. TheParis party following did not seethe Rankin machine, and their machine crashed into the back end inthe darkness. The occupants of theson and Mrs. Van Meter were accompanied by Jos. Letcher and Miss AnnaWilson, of Paris.. o ;SUGAR SPECIAL 4Sugar special for June 10th and11th, 100 lbs-for ?7.20 deliveredfree to your home.PARIS BAKING CO.,((It) I. L. Glass, Manager.oTHANKS FOJl "CAMELS"One of the busiest men in Paris,one is who is always on the job inthe interest of his employers, isHarry Drake, local buyer for and representative of the R. J. ReynoldsTobacco Co., of North Carolina. Mr.Drake is well-known to the people ofParis and the countyfeas.av majajwhose.middle name is "Hustler," and "whonever loses an opportunity to furtherthe interests of the big firan he represents. Mr. Drake was a caller at THENEWS office yesterday, and presented the editorial ana mechanicalforces with generous contributionsof Camel Ci garettes, with the hopesthat all our troubles might "go upin smoke." This grateful acknowledgment is hereby made to M.Drake.TVEAT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS: :Harf? Current recently purchasedthrough Harris, Speakes & Harris,realtors, a one-story frame cottagelocated on South High 'street, belonging to Ed. Speakes, for $2,500.Mr. Current will be given possessionof the home in thirty days, when hewill move to and occupy it.Several vacant lots located in theold Bourbon College addition, belonging to Harry L. Mitchell havebeen sold through Mitchell & Son,realtors, to the trustees of the colored Baptist church, for ? 3,0 00. Thelots abut' on Pinecrest Avenue, Sycamore street and Short street. Thetrustees will sell the church property on Eighth street and plan to usethe proceeds in erecting a churchbuilding on the new location.i mi i Q iCITY SECURElNJUNCTItoTMayor E..B. January and City Attorney Denis Dundon, representingthe city of Paris, on Wednesday, secured the issuance of a temporaryinjunction restraining the Paris Water company irom cuiuug un iuccity water. Some time ago the ParisWater ComDanv announced a raise inrates for fire plugs for use of theParis Fire Department from ?$u to$60. This rate the city refused to,". "r .. . r "-:. Zmz.i.i nov artn imip wmtht i;uuluh.iiv aix-nouncea its intention oi cuiuus uuthe water. The matter will Dethreshed out in the courts.-J oCAPT. F. E. NELSON ANNOUNCESTOR MAJOR.-Capt. F. E. Nelson is a candidatefor Mayor of Paris, Ky. If electedI will b$ on the job all the time, andsee that you get a run for yourmoney and less- taxes.(It) CAPT. F. E. NELSON."LAUGH AND KEEP YOUNG""Laugh and Keep Young." Such isi-h mrim of Pat Hanlon. 99-years-young,' resident of Sacramento, Cali.jPat was torcea tcunaergu a wious operation a few weeks ago. Helaughed when they placed him onthe operating table. And . the firstthing he did. when . he recoveredIron? thef anaesthetic was laugh!. pat smokes, chewand drinks, anadeclares tat tbeae three yices, comcrer lAftWfirti ff -ertyatW. ' -s. -- -ISTATE PRESS XEIICTSBETTING RESOLUTlOJrTlle opposition effectually ifiswrmc auu-race tracs: gaawllagmeat at the KentueW Ptmt ,.B-HJ..Banuu convention in Danville, Twsjday. "Any attempt to inject into.tiV ""proceedings of the Kentucky Prsssfouwauuir any master not pursM -withinthe province of -this ergization of the editors of the Stat willbe firmly met," 'declared R.L, Mkim- -Lancaster,president, of the K.P. A"The discussion of racing or ratrack gambling does not come witfcia.the province of this association,"1said Ir. Elkin. "Political, moral orpurely civic issues are not genufto the purpose for which this association was organized, nor may tfcsyfbe properly considered or actfciupon under our constitution and bylaws. -"I have heard a great deal to tseffect that this matter or race track;gambling is to be made the subjectof a resolution, but I will state fcerand now that if , any memser doeoffer such resolution or "e4avocto inject it into discuseioms -ob. thefloor of the convention I will declaresuch a resolution and the speakerout of order."' President Elkin pointed to the fastthat for several years .attemjts wermade to hare the "association go o.record as favoring prohibition, 'butthey were always, met in the same;manner.-K -PROMINENT NEWSPAPER WG-.,MAN HURT BY PALL. .Miss Annie M. Poage. one of themost widely known newspaper women in Kentucky while walking;across the floor at the dormitory ofthe Kentucky College for Women atDanville, slipped and fell and suffered a fracture of the hip. She waataken to her home- in' Ashlahd omMonday afternoon. Miss Poage isconnected with the Ashlarid Independent, and was on the program for )an address before the KentuckyPress Association on "Observationsof a Woman in Journalism."oGOVERNOR PROCLAIMS "FLAG .DAY" JUNE 14.Flag Day will be observed June14. Governor Edwin P. Morrow hasissued" a Flag Day proclamation calling on every son and daughter ofthe flag on that day to pledge to itanew their unfaltering, unswervingrallegiance and love.APPELLATE COURT ITEHSIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Tuesday, the following orderwas. taken -in a case sent up fromthe Bourbon Circuit Court:Clay vs. Clay, Bourbon: Appelleefiles motion and statement with.notice to advance and set for oralargument; motion submitted.9We Know HowThe Latest ShowingOFSTRAW ITSLIGHT-WEIGHTSilk SocksLadies' Silk HoseWash TiesFlannel TrousersAUf the above arequality goods of standard makes.If you. want the bestsummer goods at the,, right prices, see us.See Window Display!"We Know How"MITCHELL &rSILK SITSUNDERWEARBLAKEMOfitrssvr.IJiLMis ft ;'I 5 MiiuWJul"KJfr.'hlitM?i,flH'4lH:mttjV.-- -'K3-Kr.iTAG TWOTHK BOURBON N1WS, FAKIS, JUBNTUCKTwftot Afraid f That En.Gkttys was visiting her graadfa' farm In Minnesota. '' They hadxmtbar frisky dog with whom ahate play. One day as her grand-iatfcar came oat of the house he dlsrrared Gladys pulling the dog's tall,m he said : "The dog will bite you Ifysu don't stop." Gladys looked up andaid: "That end don't bite." ChicagoAjBSrican.Small but Don't Taata.Myrall or violetwood of Australiathe product of-two species of Acacia,has ttkf delightful scent of violetswfelss. kecoaaes very pronounced whenMat wsrked, says the American Forastry Magazine. If one wishes to ratals a high opinion of this wood it Iswttl not to taste it.Of the Family ef Smith. ,The man who spells bis same witsa "y" aadm tnal "ew is not the bombastic Smith that many suppose; thename was Originally spelled in thismanner. Gold and silver smiths, ofcourse, wen men who worked inthese metals; brownsmltfr was a manwho' worked in bronze; 'a greensmithworked In lead. The word name Nasmith is thought to be derived fromnallsmith.Trout a CannibalThe trout is cannibalistic, feeding upon Its own kind- when necessitycompels, says the American ForestryMagazine, and. in numerous instanceswhen necessity does not compel.MoncF dbck wimouc questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES1 (Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Ringworm, Tetter or other itchmar akin diseases. Try tniatreatment at our risk.VABBEN & SON,Paris, Ky.When Milk Is About to "Turn."If you thnik milk Is nearlng the"turn" a pinch of baking soda oftenovercomes the difficulty and saves themilk as well as the "day," in the sea-j son of many and unexpected guests.oNot Inclined to .Explain.The average man is perfectly willing, after he has made a lucky mistake, to have It referred to as "astroke of centus."NEWS JOES FUST;Drum-Beat in Africa Has Telegraphic Speed:tllMllllllllllllH!lMMHMMHHnHlHHMIIHMGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Kigl11iiiiiiii'uiiuiimiiiiiiiMinimiiiniiiiiiiiiWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 71 PARIS, KENTUCKY'Become a Saver!Buy a Lexington Utilities Bond and helpthe growth of the Blue Grass Community. 'Bonds sold at 90 either for cash or on a-monthly payment plan."is - 4 5YIELD 7.6We pay 6 per cent, interest on all monthlypayments, also refund the nominal Federal Income Tax and the Kentucky State4-miIl tax. Ask any employe. aJf JSk7S&JjaLexington Utilities Company(Incorporated in Kentucky)156 West Main St.Lexington, Ky.DO WINIWITH THEPRICESHenry Ford ha6 come tothe rescue .again with asubstantial cut in pricesof all Cars and Trucks.Now is the time to buy acar.let us tellCome in andyou about itRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYMarvelous System of Signaling HatLong Been One of the Wondersof the World:News is carried by drum-beat inAfrica at a rate as fast as the telegraph, write A. S. Crawley in theLpiKtyn Daily Mail. ."The natives of Central Africa havea wonderful jgy stem of signaling fromvillage to village by drum-beat," hesays."Generally the property of the chief,these -official drums, which are many,forming a set of varying size, are asa rule of the species Ifnown as incision-drum.This is a long, narrow,hollow cylinder, made from a treetrunk, with the ends closed."The drum is placed in v either ahorizontal or vertical position, the former producing the best results. Bigdrums carry more than ten miles."By relay a message may travel1,000 miles in little more than thevelocity of sound. v"The driim-telephone depends upon-an elaborate code of sounds. European travelers often order their dinner and night's lodging at the nextvillage by a drum-message. The villagers use it as we use a postal, telegraph and telephone sen Ice andthere are no charges."For the home service the' drumplays the part also of the church bell,the clock, the town crier and the dailynewspaper. For instance, Rev. JamesRoscoe, whose African adventures anddiscoveries have recently been reported, notes -that" it announced a birthor a death, the new moon' and the weekly fast day. ,"To help understanding of the marvelous code, as complete as a language, the remarks of Sir Arthur B.Ellis (writing of West Africa) are inpoint:" 'To a European the rhythm of adrum expresses nothing beyond a repetition of the same note at differentIntervals of time, but to a native itexpresses much more. To him thedrum can and does speak, the soundsproduced from it forming words andthe whole measure of rhythm a sense.'"Thus, at a dance of 'companies,' inone measure they abuse the men ofanother company . . . then the rhythmchangesand the gallant deeds of theirown company are extolled. All this,and much more, is conveyed by thebeating of drums, and the native ear,trained to detect and interpret eachbeat, is never at fault."Camtflt MtftftferHMtMLIt It often convenient to have a cement tbatywiU resist considerable temperatures. tHere Is the. recipe for" agood heat-withstanding cement: Takefifty parts of sulphur, one part ofresin and one part of tallow. Takethese ingredients together and add finepowdered glass to form a paste. Tillscement must be heated before being Jusea.LOSti Somewhere, on the streets of Paris,!ing ladies' wearing apparel. Thename of Mrs. B. D. Bosworth on tagattached to handle.Suitable reward for return to THENEWS office. (7-2t)FM5AT, TON 1. lttt.9B'lrMMMl'MM"1 PP PMPMWlafr! ' First Class CeaT ,1 - i st . A- -.EXCURSIONIIWantedCINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35-L. & N.-$2.35Sunday, June 19, 1921.Special train -will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, . Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:3Q p. m.City Time). For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent!To buy used furniture. Highestprice paid for furniture or anythingof value. Call Cumb. Phone 660.BOURBON" FURNITURE CO.,"210 Main Street7June-tf)For SaleOne-tdn Truck; bargain;, price$225.00.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.(6may-tf)We carry a supply of first-cUdcoal at all times. 'We will deliver by truck to anypart of the country at very reaaoaable prices.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON,Paris, Ky.E. T. Phone 711.Home Phone 510.(F-tf)LostSomewhere in or around Paris, aradiator cap, with motor meter attached. Finder please return toDR. R. R. MCMILLAN,may31-tf) Paris, Ky.Planing MiUWe are prepared to do all kindsof planing mill work.Window Screens, Door Screens andodd work a specialty.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON, 'Paris, Ky.S. T. Phone 711.Home Phone 510.v (T-tf)To the People of Paris andSurrounding CountryI will open a photograph studioat No. 7, Broadway, opposite courthouse, Paris. If you want good,finely-finished photos at a reasonable price, call and give me a trial.Will be open for business in about10 days.(3-2wks) M. CL DORA.Hfium nriii4if iiiiiriiilirit-tMiititnnHiimiumnnnnminniiiMidget Babies Often Thrive.Parents whose children are abnormally small at birth can take heart,for recent; njures show that tiny Infants frequently grow, m a,uite robust,and of normal proportions. According to the observations of an Englishdoctor, a girl baby born 13 years ago,to a Mrs. Warwick of Barrow-in-Furness,for instance, weighed only oneand three-qarter pounds. She nowturns the scale at 150 pounds, and isan exceptionally healthy and intelligent child.Even more remarkable is the caseof Leonard Merrick, who stands over6 feet high and weighs 180 pounds, allbrawn and muscle and sinew. At hisbirth, 25 years ago, he weighed only15 ounces, his head was not much bigger than a billiard ball, the mouthwas only just about the size of theend of a pencil, and the mother's wedding ring would slip easily up the arm'as high as theyshoulder.A, baby exhibited at one of the meetings of the British Obstetrical societyweighed only 20 ounces and the Medical Times once announced the birth ofone that turned the scale at exactlyone pound. Both these grew up strongand healthy, and of normal proportions. In short, a small infant seemslikely to do as well as a big one, always provided, of course, that it survives the perils of babyhood.Rivals.Gilbert K. Chesterton said the other day in New York:"I am sick of the great horde offree verse poets, that has sprung upamong us. These little wretches grindout a few hundred words of silly twaddle that is without rhyme and without reason, and then they think themselves the superiors of Swinburne."At the Greenwich village tea yesterday a scrawny little free verse poetsaid:"Tm awfully sorry D'Annunziohas capitulated, you know.'" 'Are you?' asked an old maid Intandals. 'Why?'" x. " 'Notwithstanding our already, overcrowded market,' said the poet, 'thatduffer is sure to start writing poetrjragain.' "Novel Coiffure.Oil-soaked hair is a novel form ofcoiffure introduced by the Russian b'allet, which recently opened in Paris.The women dancers have cut theirhair short and so saturated it withoil that it looks like a skullcap. Theireyebrows are painted in a long fineline, which runs right back to thevroots of the hair, giving the face theappearance of a Polish doll.Practical."The time has come," said Mr.Brick's wife, "when woman may forsake the light, ephemeral things of lifeand take up-yfce heavy subject.".And her husband rejoined wearily,:"Are you going to mite Dre&ja at nagain, Maria?" , "HOME-There's No Place Like It!After all there's no place like home say what you like. And what a beautifulhome such furniture will make as that we are illustrating here, out in our lm- tX mense stocks you will find many other items just the furniture you have alwayswanted and dreamed of furniture for every room in the home fromthe kitchento the bedroom. If you are interested in furnishing a home complete be .sure tosee our complete home outfits but whether you want furniture for the entirehome or just a single piece you will find, in our stocks, furniture of interest.What This Porch SetMeansfjtk "v 4Zs te B k HSv -tr .- p V x ' jp fy j X. Jr$265.00Four Dandy PiecesSpecially Priced . .Here is your opportunity to get a dandy four-piece bedroom suite for the low price quoted above. Consists oftall triple 'mirrored vanity dresser, roomy chifforobe, bowend bed and dressing table.Special prices on all Porch Setsand Swings. Let us' show youhow you can make the porch thejbest room in your home.Something New in aCedar ChestA Cedar Chest is more than justa 'protection -for clothes frommoths it is an object of beautyas well. This one combines therich grain of carefully matchedJust the SuiteYour Home . .for$290.00tThis is just the dining room suite that you should havein your home. It is fashioned in an unusually attractivecedar with a novel and-beautiful Queen Anne Design and finished in a rich walnut. Condesign, making a chest of -ex- sists of buffet, china cabinet, extension tatye, server, oneceeding grace. arm chair and five plain chairs.A. F. WHEELER & CO..AZOpp. Cwt Hww CHA. CMfcN, MMMgtr v - ' Parts, KMrtMfcy ?av r. 5" -v i.- Ad. j. -s, yrMMIIMMIIIIIMMlUiMIMtiMMMIIMMIMMtlMJIMIIIMMllilMlliliiiiiin. .- H W.'yr'lA"'. v.A"5V 7 .J- j.r -it,"'Kvv:i-. SH viry'XTH BOUMONFRIDAY, JUNE, 10, li.y.-- . " ? v . j x w i - - flshaVaYaYali? r . jtm&.Mitchell & SonSEAL ESTATE AGENTSNo. 9 West Sixth Street' Paris, Ky.Pirst Door West of Tanners andTraders Bankyje Have What Yon Want In TheBeal Estate lane(Sl-tf)IvstmkeJCIGARETTEPAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ONPa ntsVarn shesOils, Etc.1' Tht Best Goods at theBest Prices.See Us Before You Buy.mm & sonDruggists Both PhonesJL new size package !Ten for 10c. ."Very convenient.Dealers carry both;lOforlOc; 20for20c.It's toasted.jfoJhUMttffft&tA?&ftaltlfh's Great Work.B. Gk WsJli wasn't the first to writeI World history of his own conception,fct faalttr feaMfh antedated him byfaersl huadrtd years. Raleigh's"History at fee World" was a voluminous and painstaking work, showingevidences at profgnnd scholarship andresearch. It was composed while hewas a pitocier in the Tower of London, and It was one of the marvels ofthe time, that a man, under such circumstances, and so far removed fromsources of research, could have beenable to undertake and carry throughsuch a task.MISS1 HOWS' FAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTATGRADUATIONANDCOMMENCEMENTArgentina Not a Paradise.The distribution of rain seems tobe poorly managed in the Argentine?'if the country is not suffering fromdrought, It is apt to be complainingof floods, or, in the warmer and morefertile north, of the locusts, whichsometimes sweep from the wildernessof the Chaco In such clouds that theproject has seriously been consideredof erecting an enormous net, supported, perhaps, by balloons, againstthem. Harry A. ' Franck in CenturyMagazine.jg r i - 41JDo You Know Kapor?The Borneo camphorwood or kaperhas a pronounced camphor odor whenfresh, says the American ForestryMagazine. It belongs to the dlpterocarp family, nearly all of the trees ofwhich are resinous.PABIS PEOPLE EKHJRE IN WINCHESTER HISTORYThfi tpnrinp awav of the ol(Tbuilding on Fairfax! street, in Winchester, "now called Lexington avenue, t5 be replaced by the newrioiintv TTieh sp.hool building, recalls some very interesting facts inthe early-history of thatcity. Theproperty was built about 105 yearsago, and was. formerly the home ofHon. Samuel Hanson, who rearedhis family there, and was modelledin exterior design after the firstClark County Court House.After the death of Samuel Hansonin 1856, the executor sold the placein 1860, to the late Thornton Lewis,who resided there until his death,and his widow sold it to Major M. F.Lowe and wife, the latter being asister of Gen. John S. Williams, (thenolitical rival of the Hansons.) Mrs.Lowe left it to her niece, Mrs. Fannie Bean, who owned and occupiedit until it was sold to the CountyHigh School last year.Mr. Hanson had five sons. Theeldest, Richard H. Hanson, was anoted lawyer, and because of a crippled limb was unfitted for army service. He afterward moved. to Paris,and represented Bourbon county inthe Legislature.Of the four sons, two served, in theFederal'ahoTtwo in the Confederatearmy.Roger W. Hanson was a notedClark county lawyer. He served asa lieutenant under General (thenCaptain) John Stuart Williams,whose company won the heights inthe battle of Cerro Gordo, in theMexican War. He later made therace against Gen. Williams for theLegislature from Clark County, andwas defeated.At the beginning of the Civil War,he made .the race for Congress, butTV donated. He entered tne confederate army and became, a Brigadier General, and met his death atStone River;Col. Chas. S. Hanson was a Federal Colonel and .participated in manyfamous battles,- the last being itSaltville, Va., where he commanueuthe Federal troops, which were ordered by General Burbridge to.charge the Confederate troops uu-aer uenerai juuu o. u"""trenches on the heights. The chargemet with a bloody repulse, and Colonel Hanson fell from his horse seriously wounded when near the breastworks. ...Recognizing him. Gen. Williamswith his aides and colored body servant, "Rebel'-' John Williams, whodied recently, leaped over the papo a tnnir r.o. Hanson to hisown tent, and had him attended byhis own surgeon.Col. Hanson partially, recovered,and afterwards practiced, law inWinchester. He married Miss Wheeler, of Clark county, and later movedto Paris. . ,The two younger sons, Samuel anaIke fought on opposite sides-duringthe civil war.o-Ji .-.'AlH K7JKJI- - ' . F- V ffr x - PSW- . TklBM I BKBEssMMriuhx Mm - p'lJIPUl V v ' : "sv -; "'-.I -" , -. .?.. ,-T. -- HK"Don't worry, TimWe'll make it Pve got Lee Punctittfe-proofs'TpHAT'S the big idea. You put LeeJL Puncture-proof tires on your car and stopworrying stop worrying about puncturesaad.blow-quts about delays, frequent tirechanges and too-frequent tire purchases.Lee 'Puncture-proof tires give greater tiromileage safer and more satisfactory servicethan any other pneumatic tires you can buy.Because Lee Puncture-proof tires are equalin material and manufacture to other standard pneumatics they excel all others in this:that they are puncture-proof. They carry ourcashrefund guarantee against puncture.We will equip your car with Lee Puncture-'proof tires on this basis.Thrlayeref cast-hardenedSteel discsimbedded inpure lubber arebuilt into every LeePuncture-proof tire.Corsage Bosquetsa . SpecialtyCruel and Unusual Punishment.There is no cruelty so refined andso effective as that of restricting thepersonal publicity of a man Who lovesit Philadelphia Public Ledger.TANLACPROVEDnunS. P. M0HNEYChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISiMIHIIII IIIHIIIMGLAD SURPRISEK'-O J?1L ,Mrs. Worley Says It Has EntirelyRestored Her Health and SheFeels like New WomanNothing Known of lta Value. -Cleopatrahad a warranted preventive of baldness, or a snre cure. Posslbly ahe intended to employ it towhsedle Caesar or buy off rebellionsPothinus. Perhaps she planned topresent it to Antony as a surprise atTaraOB. Possibly she held up the giftin a mode of feminine fickleness, andbad It in her reticule 'at Actium, andthrtufh the power of that tsltifiandraw Antony after her in frenzied porsoH,J and in Ignominious retreat.There is nothing in the discoveries atEgyptologists to warrant belief thatCleopatra's hair restorer had an actual value. Exchange.a BHi4MUiUKUJMr'AINY(f -$., Cu mb. Phone 891 EIGHTH AND HIGH STS., PARIS, KY. Home Phone 294!&MIt Will Grow.Democracy can never be extendedby force, as you would fling a net overa flock of birds; but give it a chanceand it will grow, as a tree grows, bysending down Its roots into the heartof humanity and lifting its top towardthe light and spreading its arms widerand wider until all the persecutedflocks of heaven find refuge beneathits protecting shade. Henry VanDyke.i o : 1Adding to the Dictionary. VNew words appear now and then.The old-time real estate agent is nowa "realtor," and the one-time undertaker is a ''mortician. The other daya hobo cams into get a dime and saidhe was a lelsurlst And so it "goes.o"Seeing America First" is becoming an everyday occurrence with, thespectators at the Olympic games.Springfield Union.aiiHiiiiiiimiiiiHiHiiHUiiimmimiiimnnmmWiLLIAM K. fiAQAN (rybN1 AP-CHITECT. (5- ENGINEER..PAtLI. KY.TW.ST NATIONAL 5ANKiiuiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiii'iiniii"""""'"""'''"""''""1""111"11"" ii'iiiiliH"'""'""'"""1""'""""""11111-COALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson Seed! Mills. IvwillBell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burnsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal $5.50Heatinf Stove Coal $.5.50"I have spent hundreds of dollarsin all kinds of medicines trying ,toget relief, but it was only when Igot Tanlac that my troubles disappear ed." said Mrs. A. worley, 01 illFifteenth street. Ashland, Ky."I had no appetite and my stomachwas in such a bad condition tnat gaswould form, causing a terrible depression around my heart and almostshntt.insr off mv breath. I would be-some so nauseated that I could scarcely retain the little I did eat, and attimes I had such awful headachesptiH dizzv sneils I could hardly see.My kidneys bothered me a great dealand my back pained me so I couldn'tbend over without suffering agony.I was almost a nervous wreck andat night sleep was almost impossi-"Tanlac has certainly proved aa glad surprise to me for it has takenonly-two bottles to overcome all mytroubles. My appetite is wonderfuland I never feel a sign of indigestion-or gas, my breathing is free andeasy and I no longer have those dizzyspells. My kidneys don't bother meany more and my back is entirelyfree from pain. My nerves are insuch good condition that I don't wakeup during the night, and I am muchbetter in every way. I simply feellike a new person." (adv)Mors Light on the Adam Family.Referring to the recent statementof a scientist that the Garden of Edenwas located in Ohio, we are remindedof the Scotch laird who told a famoussinjrer that Gaelic was the 'languageof Adam. The singer afterward spoke,laughingly of the claim to anotherScotchman, who remarked in all seriousness, "The laird was quite richtDinna ye ken that the Garden of Edenwas in Scotland? Dinna ye ken thatAdam's name was McPherson?" Boston Transcript.McCORMICk AND DEERINGBINDERSAre the Best Made, The Best are theCheapest.W.Ji HOWARDMiwr a StFHr tf CaaljW.tSlPmSYJm . - " wemox-W. ! -reWashington's Religion.There has been considerable controversy over the extent to which religious belief entered into Washington'scharacter. His own chronicles showthat most of his Sundays, except during the presidency, when he feltobliged to set an example, he spent inanswering letters, going over his accounts, hunting or doing any businessthat those with whom he was negotiating had no scruples. In choosingpeople to work for him he' set up nobarriers 'of creed, judging men fromthe standpoint of honesty, industryand ability.oHer Description.A bright ten-year-old girl, whose.father was addicted to amateur photography, attended a trial at court thtother day for the first time. This washer account of the judge's charge:The judge made a long speech to thejury of 12 men, and then sent them offinto a little dark room to develop."I id i ,i,'HHMBjB4Bjsjejj I &you buy calomel SJkH J iV35BBr km AlG LcLJDS SBff Vi l ilBP ANDI1!!GenuineMccormickft. nu mrm mrwieii op".1 "nnri ii tmm MIX J"", mEt&&TSZ&XiiirtSaetTKof.Upeleef'eitw.jff:Si.w ByOil in North America 'Oil was known to the Indians andused by them for medicinal purposes.It was first obtained from the surfacsof creeks and as a product .of saltwrilfl Ftfwln T. rtrfllrf drillpd thft firstoil well in the United States La Asgttit, Ilftfttf nMv All C.itv. Pa- The' first dis-lcbvery.of H in Canada -was mads la1857 near Petrolia, OntThe purified and refinedcalomel IrMets that arenaiisealesG, ssf e and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in sealed packages.Price 35cSlyffiMmriiinSmelts Like Onlan.The kalim ef the .Philipflasa aniMalay Panlnaala Jdvta forth atrum-mm sars'theForestry Msastlss, iralls 43aGrain feSd'kolWs only ptf;th chick, which mkM erwny.stekly.bad-fwthtrrt poultry lattrSIMCO OATMCAU BUTTEH-MILK CHICK MASH supplies nour-tshment not found In grain, such asHjtttnnilk. swt whoUsom imat,pulverixtA peanut ktmols and a largottrioty of other Inoreo-ienU, all for a pur-' n mkinii itump. full-breaste i full-.ifeatherod. strong. hoalhy poultry In eon-dltion to waN off fatal diseases. It eosUless to use Simco. You roise more ano" Wtor chicks. Save a month In eoolop4nf.ir your NEAREST DEALER DOCS NOTHAVE SIMCO, refuee a swkotHuto ano) write uswe wM swpptyow fo pieyor station.JtooeoTHC' SIMMONS MIU.WIO CP? .aoo;.twW.StXiCI?tolrwa.,a.PEERINGBINDER TWINE!s. " V favIS THE BEST MADE. TAKENO SUBSTITUTEWe are exclusive agents in Bourbon cbuntyf or McCormiek and Deering Binders. We havethem in stock Also PLENTY OF GENUINEREPAIRS. Take no substitute, for there is nonethat is '"just as good."All Kinds of Farm ImplementsAt the Right PricesIi1 1l 9 ' ' ' .:.BallGarageiFowtkJreeMtii8itrecte4- - i :?;- piij-.v r- -v -. '?-.mus.;4:Ham9 - ? i,,, JtgzwtJHM ' ?fe -iv-St''1sv'?'. ---. -"- .y: : i- - --B13mr&mVfr- j . t m a .kmjAlek 'a1Selk.lffWB)eeiSv'rm$? ?;afrrar)r(aprlf:lttF)A.jiL M 'H1JC WVW.-Ivv -'(rAU' 'h -,eC .7rf. -r-41A'-5(.A .. Jr rK -'u ' g- y:-!i VV..a m -rvnot Munoit Jibws, paws, jaifTOCinfirf,- , ' FRIDAY, JUN IQr till. ' Vr PAfiSPOTBMNLAfc RAILROAD XAH STEADILY IMPROVING.1 ' i r ;The friends in Paris of RobertBatson, formerly of Paris, popular!..& N. railroad man, who was seriously injured some time ago whilecoupling cars, are glad to learn thathe is improving nicely at the St.Elizabeth Hospital, in Covington,where he was taken shortly after theaccident.His mother, Mrs. J. R. Batson, jotnear Cynthiana, who has been constantly at his bedside since the accident, has returned home. Young Batson is ableto set up at tiiries and hisattendants say lie will be able toFIRE. DAMAGES GROCERYBROOMSBROOMSReal High Class Broomsoi sale this week only$1.40 Office or WarehouseBroem95c$1. 30 Medium Weight HouseBroom85c$1.25 Light Weight HouseBroom75cBe sure and buy one ofthese broomsLogan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179A Are of undetermined origin,called the fire department about teno'clock Monday night to the groceryand residence of John Webb, at thecorner of Thomas avenue and Hans6nstreet. When the firemen,, arrivedthey found the interior of the storea mass of flames. Quick work savedthe building, which was damaged tothe extent of about $400. TJhe contents of the grocery were partlyruined by water, smoke and flames.It was stated that the fi?e originated in a living roomin the rear ofthe grocery, presumably from a coalrange which, had been used a shorttime previously. The fire spread sobe able tojfast that Mr. Webb had considerableleaVe the Hospital in "a few weeks. , difficulty in getting his family out.A sum oi money, said to nave oeenabout $246, which had been left inthe money drawer, was destroyed inthe flames. The loss on the buildingand its contents was covered byinsurance, wthich Mr. Webb carried inthree companies.r 0COURT DISMISSES ACTION IN ALEXANDER CASEWhat will probably be the lastofficial action taken in settlement ofthe affairs of the George , Alexander&o., State Bank of Paris' was placedfon record in Cincinnati, Wednesday r when the United States CircuitCourt of Appeals dismissed the caseof State Banking Commissioner Jas.P. Lewis, of Frankfort, against theFifth-Third National Bank of Cincinnati. The action was taken uponmotion of attorneys representing thebank, which set out that Lewis hadno further interest in the affairs ofthe Alexander Bank, by reason cfthe fact that the litigation hadvbeenended in other courts and the claimsof creditors adjusted.oWOOL WANTEDWE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL. CALL AND GET SACKS.R. B .HUTCHCRAFI & CO.. ', mdvLt v-.s-uu.vw' ju tryS -"f A SPECIAL GROUPING JOFUNUSUAL-MODES$ U I T. SX," jfc"!r- -:-jY4y'9L: , iu'fc&f i5vsjT'i7.$39BOi. '''??.f-FINEORGANDIESVOILESCHECKED EMBROIDEREDPLAINValues $1.50 to $2.00$1.19PARIS, KENTUCKYStudebaker Announcement!BIG REDUCTIONSIN.BTf ' B' SaB)BTAutomobilesFrom $440 to $150 on theDifferent ModelsW hav the different models instock. Come in and inspect them andhave them demonstrated to you.THIS IS AYEARWhite Front Garage- x' ' 7K MAIN STREETmmm. piiomc z . homcphonc43(TMs m the Second Bis RechascUon Withinthe past Clsht Months f..durCOMMUNITY SERVICE SPECIAL-1ST HEBE TO HELP.Miss Sophie B. Fishback, the recreation, specialist representing Community Service, Inc., of New York, hasjust arrived in Paris tp help the localCommunity Service in developingtheir work. Miss Fishback has hada large and varied experience in allforms of recreation work in .the Eastand more recently in several Kentucky cities. Final plans for theopening of the Recreation Institutehave been madeand the first meeting will be held' at the High SchoolGymnasium on Monday night, June13, at 7:30, and will last until 9:30.The purpose of the Institute is tobring out the ladies of the community and train them ' for Communitleadership, in games, story telling,play-ground work, and other features, tljat will make them valuableto their communities, churches, organizations and, in their homes.Miss Fishback is here for threeweeks only, and for this reason thetraining will have to be intensive.In order to cover the course, therewill be three nights a week, for twoweeks, Monday, Thursday and Friday. All the meetings will be heldat the High School.. Miss Fishbackwill also do some work with theteachers, who are here attending thesummer school.ANCIENT BURIAL PLACE(Augusta. Chronicle)It is believed by mayw wise andexperience'd men that centuries before the Indians, a. race of peoplegreatly superior to them in arfr andknowledge, lived here. That such arace of men occupied portions ofKentucky at some time cannot hedoubted. We can only speculateconcerning the prehistoric peoplewho dwelt here in fable mystery during the silent centuries of an unwritten epoch. But it is certainthat our little town of Augusta haspeculiar historic value, for it is located on a large burying ground ofthese ancients. Everywhere betweenthe mouths of Locust and Brackencreeks, skeletons of great size and ofgreat number have been found.When Gen. John Payne dug his cellar110 skeletons, were taken up in thef space of 60x70 feet. They were ofall sizes from sevenjfeet long to tneinfant. Many arrow heads have beenfound and earthen ware of clay andpounded mulch. Some of the largesttrees of the forest were growing overthese remains when the land .wascleared in 1792. The Indians had notradition about these people. 'We arelost in .conjecture as to who theywere and how they become extinct.SUGAR SPECIALSugar special for June 10th and11th, 100 lbs. for, $7.20 deliveredfree to your home.PARIS BAKING CO.,C(lt) I. L. Glass, Manager.BE SWIFTDID YOU GET ANY OF THEGREAT BARGAINS AT THE GO-ING-OUTOF-BUSINESS SALE ATTHE CINCINNATI STORE?For SaleOne Jersey cow. Call Mrs. WalterClarke, Fifteenth Street. ;it)For SaleA seven-passenger Buick touringcar in excellent condition. A bargain at $850.00, if sold at once.THE FAIR.Lost KeysSomewhere in Paris, a key ringwith eight keys on it. Finder willplease return to me at the MassieMemorial Hospital, and receive reward. NMRS. R. E. CHRISTIAN.SOLAR ERUPTION MAY BRINGMORE SUNSHINERecent solar eruptions whichcaused brilliant auroras and disorganized cable and telegraph servicethroughout the world may result 'inthe earth receiving an increasedquota of sunshine during the remainder of the year, says OliverLodge, the noted scientist.He even ventures the opinionthat the electrified particles thrownoff by the sun during the disturbance may assist in the developmentof vegetation and reduce the amountof t dust held suspended in the atmosphere. Sir Oliver savs the magnetic disturbances that, attended the solareruption were due to a torrent ofelectrified particles, which constl"tuted a gigantic electric current.This "opinion is also held by Ca.mileFlammarion, the veteran Frenchastronomer.iPAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILLS.Don't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)INFORMATION WANTEDPostmaster J. Walter Payne hasreceived a letter from Lee Vaughn,motorman, 3215 Eastern avenue, Cincinnati, asking information as to theprobable whereabouts of his cousin,Robert Connolley, whom he thinks islocated in or near Paris. Anyoneknowing the whereabouts of Connolley will confer quite a favor bywriting either Mr. Payne or to Mr.Vaughn, at the address given above, CARD OF THANESWe, the undersigned citizens, takethis method of expressing our sincerethanks to qur many friends whocame to our assistance during thefire which destroyed" our houses afew days ago. Especially do wethank the members of the Paris FireDepartment and Mayor January fortheir heroic work in fighting saidfire against great odds, being outside the city and our only availablewater being from wells and cisterns,the new pumper in this case provedto be one of the best purchases madeby the present city administration,as without it our little village wouldhave been destroyed, in time it willpay the tax-payers three folds for themoney invested.JAMES MACON,LANIS DUNCAN,GEO.-M. WILLIAMS,BELL CURRENT,FRENCH WHLIAMS.Paris, Ky., June 9, 1921.ISSUE WARNING ABOUT INCOMEfTAX PAYMENTS.Taxpayers have been warned bythe Internal Revenue Bureau to' paytheir June 15 installmentincome andprofits taxes on time to avoid penalrties. Failure to pay promptly, jtheBureau declared, renders the balanceof the tax due and payable as well asan additional assessment of five percent, of the amount due, .plus interestat one per cent, a month from thetime it .became due.M'i O : ,".,Italian, Spanish and, French arefast distancing Greek ,in the popular rUTotT&r of California high hoolitu-.BIRUS ROOFSSHINGLE DESIGN ROOFING.!A Handsome Roof at Little CostBircTs Shingle Design Roofing is thewonderfully popular roll roofing thatcomes in shingle design naturalslatered and slategreen.At little cost Bird Shingle Design Roofing addsbeauty to residence, bungalow, cottage, garage,or barn. It wont catch fire from falling sparks.Costs much less than a wooden or asphaltshingle rootIf desired, can be laid right over old woodenshingles. -If you want an extra goodJooking roof at aslittle cost; as 't is safe to pay, you won t gowrong in buyin6 Bird's Shingle Dfesign Roofing.s .-N NBIRD & SON, W, (EttaUtsM 1796) Et bTttIiMmiPARIS DESIGN ROOFING CO.i! HOMER L.RANKIN, ManagerU(cmyKi, n f - -Call Bourbon Lumber Co. :, ; Both Phones 1.- viMJ0!MtMMK9i. -v-3k-X. M-$'- ' "' -! I J f ' .1 - . i - '-",A ..'"v ?' -tyrr-raas::-'f.jJl. .a . ' if .yAto1 JsJtf-,t. Jrz-tz2 w-asxccrvc-Jr-'A- i .iv- --- 4f1 Tir- a.'1'JV''.- - ArFRIDAY, JUNE 10, IS 21; '-s?qpr.x-frTiTHE BOUXBOMuncwBf;fc.' . - . -i i -'' 5T' " . vVsJJT-PARIS, KENTOCR1ft .-' ' 'PAGB fITBuS0I Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Neyer Too Busy to PleaseSUGAB, AT WHOLESALEWE HAVE A CARLOAD OPSUGAE AT THE L. & H. FREIGHTsepot, m pabis, n.,wnWE ABE OFFERING FOR FRIDAYAKD SATURDAY DELIVERY AT$7.25 PER 100 LBS., CASH.(It) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.jnrcHDKTFOR SERVICE SAKE.A telephone company may erectand maintain lines, across a railroadright-of-way at fliaces other than itsregular crossing, i this is necessaryto serve patrons, the Court of Appeals decided in reversing a decisionof the Grant Circuit Court.. oICE CREAM SUPPER.The ladies of the Episcopal churchwill give an ice cream supper Tuesday night, June 4, at 7:30 o'clock,on the lawn at the residence of Nedand Thos. Owings. A small "admission fee will he charged. Everyonecordially invited.; U .BOURBON'S AUTO STATISTICSSince the first of the year the automobile department of the State TaxCommission has issued 91139 passenger motor licenses for 1921, 12,549 truck licenses, 935 motorcyclelicenses, 660 dealers licenses and 7,159 chauffeurs' licenses.Bourbon county in the list, is credited with having 1,552 passengercars and 154 trucks. Jeffersoncounty has the largest list, having16,354 passenger caijs and 4,021trucks.o- ,SUGAR SPECIALSugar special for June 10 th and11th, 100 lbs. for ?7.20 deliveredfree to your home..PARIS BAKING CO.,((It) I. L- Glass, Manager.FRESH HSH FOR TO-DAY.Nice fresh fish received to-dayend to-morrow. Remember we&ess fish free and deliver thempromptly. ,MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKET.SOCIAL ASD PERSONAL."Comimgs and Gohqpof OurPeople Htce, 3here'andfusewnere.01first things sought fo$ when thepostman's whistle is heard.Among recent visitors in Pariswere Ralph and Roland Rye, ofNewport.Winchester Sun: "Mr. and Mrs.J. P. Conway had as visitors recentlyMiss Roaettn. ftrpprv nf ATiionii Ir: Conway's brother, Thomas A.is -a guest of Miss Bertha Tabor, in 5ayea-jffor Denver, Colorado, and sis-this city ! ters, Mrs. George Hines, of Cincin-J. M. Alverson has retnmprt nati' 0hio' and Mrs icliard Gr6gfrom a visit to hfl Sother, fiat ?r .ris They were entertie Alverson, In Richmond, tamed with a dinner Sunday andMies Mnw Afifl ,vf t ;, otne.r guests present were Mr. Rich-montS aMSLtMo flSff " "egory, EHzabeth Gregory, Jno.MulfinKer. aid fanrilv. Vn thi TV.v xooney, juuzaoetn Tooney and Mrs- . "'. r ' -JerrvMiss Janie Bronston. of Rich- re"? , e"er' -an or -ans. Mr,mond, is a guest of her aunt Mrs ttays ie" Ior Denver, Monday alterAllen DowLrtTon th Xala Farm! S?5, daughter Julia,near Paris . graduated Wednesday at LorrettaMiss Jean Nichols, of Paris, is in ! cldm7' S.he wiU accompany liferDanvillA for vit to w t.w I tner nome.John Nichols.Jos. Newhall, who has beenquite ill for several weeks at theMitchell boarding house, is improving.Mrs. William E. Board, of Lou-' jglsvme, is a guest at tne nome or Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champ, on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. Bruce Miller has returnedto her home in this city after spending a part of the week with relativesMrs. Snears Moore and little son. 'f i ISfniT4- TVTillnr. Tiff aaVa Tiotrn 4i.ttqA RECORD BREAKER.. THE GOraG-OUT-OF-BUSINfcsSSALE AT THE CDfCHmATI STOREIS BREAKING ALL RECORDS INBARGAINS AND ATTENDANCE.DENTIST APPORVES TOBACCO ASTOOTH SAVERSThe New 'Jersey State Dental Society deserves the simultaneous andStuart Miller Moore, have returned spontaneous thanks of a bedeviledfrom a visit to friends d relatives . population. First, it petitioned Conin Cincinnati. s gress to allow one drink of liquor,Mrs. E. M. Wheeler has return- by law, after the extraction of eached to her home in this city after a tooth? This may be a move to cheapenvisit to Rev. and Mrs. W. O. Sadler, as well as to legalize, to a limitedin Richmond. ' extent the Tise of liquor, and gratefulA.M.a. liwua a- wa ..-v "", illvlvlIUVVXCUKCJUUClXL UJL H1C KCOIU1C iOson, juawin jfatterson, or jnnevnie,are guests'at the home of J. R. Letton, near Paris.Miss Sarah Curie,, of Cynthiana,is a guest of Misses Catherine andAnne Rutherford Duncan, at theirhome on Second street.Mrs. Tavlor T. Chandler anddue. On the very next day a delegate verified the theorv some of uslong have held, that tobacco is a disinfectant and therefore a conserver ofthe teeth."An old-fashioned chaw is one ofthe best disinfectants known to dentalscience." savs . Dr. Goldstein. "Itchildren have returned from a visit ' forms a sialagogus around the teeth,3IRD'S R00PS" BEING INTRODUCED IN PARIS.In this issue of THE NEWS appears the 3-column display advertisement of "Bird's Roofs," ShingleDesign Roofing advertised by ParisDesign Roofing Company, Homer L.JRankin, manager, (Cumberlandphone 899.) This roof can be seenin actual use in Bourbon county tmntw homes on Fithian avenue, andalso on the home of John K. Cahal,on Second street. The advertisement tells its own story and the"Birds' Roof" is its own good advertisement in actual use. Read thebig ad in this issue. .oRErELECTED TRUANT OEEICER.At the recent meeting of the Bourton County Board of Education, Mrs.Robert Bell was re-elected to theoffice of County Attendance Officer.Mrs. Bell has in the past , term ofoffice demonstrated her fitness for theposition, her activities having resulted in a largely increased attendance in the county schools. She hasbeen faithful, vigilant and patientin the performance of her duties, atno time the most pleasant kind, andher re-election is a deserved recognition of her capability and a wellmerited compliment.oTHE WRONG PARTYA few days ago Paris papers, as"well as the correspondents of dailypapers published an item to the effectthat an automobile belonging to Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr collided with themilk delivery wagon of Mrs. Elizaheth Dundon.THE NEWS is informed by Mr. M.J. Sweeney, driver of the Tarr machine, that the item is incorrect inone particular. He was passing theplace at the time and noted the machine, which bore the license numter 47742, and which it was afterward ascertained belonged to Fleming county parties. Mr. Sweeney isa very careful and cautious driverand regrets the unwelcome publicity.oESHING CLUB FOR PARIS IS UNDER WAY.Organization of a fishing club, modeled along lines of similar organizations throughout the State, for theresidents of Paris and the county,lias been effected here as the result oflabors of LafaVette Ardery andothers, who have had the matter inhand for several, days. The concernis being organized by the sale ofstock, the full allotment of one hundred shares at $100 each, halvingteen about closed. Louis Rogers,whose farm is about two and onefcalf miles from Paris, on the Lexington road, has donatedthe use ofsix acres of ground for establishmentt fishing grounds.The company will be organizedthis week, when the- construction ofan artificial lake and club house onthe property will begin. Severalnever-falHno- einorc ir the immedi-ate neighborhood of the tract of land"ill. it is thought, make the establishment of the lake as easy matter.The organization is separate anddistinct from he recentlyorganizedBourbon County Fih and Game uiud.ut will, of course, stand, for thes&me principle tkt ui that organization, the dTioiwit a4conserration of tfc pte . ?"terests of the 'ugte 199aen who rMtUfMMFat port.to Mrs. Chandler's sister, Mrs. BenF. Knox, near Washington, D. C.Miss Ruby Jane Houston will return to-day from Cincinnati, -whereshe has been a student at MissDoherty's School for Young- Women.JVliss Myra Flanders and W. A.Flanders have returned to their homein Lexington, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. W. B. Flanders,' near Paris.Miss Bess Purnell, of the ParisHigh School faculty, has gone toWashington, D. C, to spend her summer vacation with friends and relatives. i Mrs. Nettie Hibler, who has been,seriously ill of Brights' disease at herhome on Eighth sweet for sometime,was reported yesterday as being improved. Tvneo Mnhni Tprrmlin. of Paris, isa guest of Miss Lucy Hunter, at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.R. L. Hunter, on college street, mWinchester.County Judge George Batterton,who has been confined to his homeon Cypress street for some time witha case of mumps, is reported as beinggreatly improved.Forrest Wikoff, son of Auctioneer Wikoff, who recently underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospitairfor appendicitis, isreported as doing nicely.Misses Juliet Turner, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft and Helen Hutchcraft of Paris, attended- the commencement exercises of Hamilton College, in Lexington, this week.Mrs. W. H. Anderson, of Paris,who spent the winter in Los Angelesand Hollywood, Cali., is now theguest of her relatives, Hon. EdgarHoward Farrar and family, in Biloxi,Mississippi. , ...Mrs. B. S. Scott and three children, of Monaville, WeslSTVa., whohave been visiting Mrs. Scott's 'Sister, Mrs. Perry Shy, in Winchester,are visiting relatives in Paris thisweekMrs. 'Louis Rogers, of near Paris,was stricken suddenly Tuesday withan attack of appendicitis, and was-,ir0 n tTifi Good Saaritan Hospital, in Lexington, where an operation was deemed necessary.Mrs. Robert L. Frank anddaughter, Miss Hallie Frank, are visiting Mrs. Frank's brother, IrvineKeller, and Mrs. Keller, in Montclair, New Jersey. They will be goneUntil about September 1.Flemingsburg Times - Democrat."Charles Tally and family motoredto Paris to spend the week-end withthe family of Mrs. Talley's sister.Col. James P. Harbeson has gone toBourbon county to visit his brother,Capt. Robert A. Harbeson.Edwin Thomas, who recentlygraduated at Centre College, in Danville, has returned to his farm inAlabama, alter speiiuius "w'in this city with his father, ClaudeM Thomas, and his grandparents,Mr. and Mrs. E. K. - Thomas, onHouston avenue. .--Mrs. Watts Peters, who is making her home with her daughter,M?s Harry O. James, has returneddays' visit with relatives in Owmgsville She was accompanied homeby her granddaughter, Miss GladysYoung, whi will visrt Mr. and Mrs."iss Nellie ygParis, received a telegr am from Dayton, Ohio, informing her of the senous illness from pneumonia of hergreat nephew, Thornton ru;, -Mr. and Mrs. Roy C. KU.Ellis was formerly Miss uui,y xton, of Paris. .,, Tn'pLexingtqn Leader: "Miss JoeCarter entertained with a supperparty at Shakertown Inn, in honorof Miss Wilhelmina Comstock, ofOntario Canada, the guest of Miss?SnS Smith The guests were MissMartha McClure, Messrs. Fred Hous-?6n-Shaw,Headley Souhse Mr Powell and Mr. Powell and Mr. DaonejB1MW Margaret Ray daughtei mrnrsev Ray, formerly of Pans, was? caUer at THE NEWS office yesterLmorning. . Wgt 2S ?to her liome m uo fiirm Invisit to friends and - "fflParis and Bourbon county. Mteeretort her,.iarente a JL.thus preventing bacteria from getting a foothold. A cigar performsthe same function to a less degree."We do not expect the dentists :omake much impression on the classthat is "out to get the tobaccotraffic;" how do dentists who havemade a scientific study to the teethknow, compared with intuitiveknowledge of the Peases and theLucy Page Gastons, who knoweverything? But people of sanity andcommon sense will . understand andact accordingly.THERE ARE SO MANYtExceptional ValuesJWe are Offering that it is Difficultto Mention Them.1ANNOUNCEMENTS, fFOR MAYOR , gWe are authorized to announceCAPT. F. E. NELSON as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forMayor of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic voters inthe primary election, August 6,3921.Base BallSUNDAYParis RugglesVS.WinchesterWest Second StreetPark' Caparoni will pitch for Paris.Good game is assured.Owing to expense of hiringpitchers we will have to chargeladies 25 cents.When you takethat vacationWhite FlannelTrousers arealmost a necessity.They are equallyimportant forTennis and manyanother Summeroccasion tocomplete yourSummer Wardrobe.$10 gets awonderful pair, of White Flannels.White Shirts$2, $3, $4and $5.:." .trvCmtaidiity M Haw .- W-tlW If itcomes 1floor DavisH ifcHlfrtH ,.M'to7:ftrTo Give" You a General Idea We'llList a Few AnywayMedium Weight SuitsFor Men and Young Men Suits that can beworn the year around at greatly reducedprices "$12.50, $15. $18, $20. $22.50tight Weights Suitsof Mohair, Palm Beach and TropicalWorsteds$10.00, $12.50,$15.00 fo $27.50Panama, Leghorn, Milan,MadagascarStraw Hats$2.85, $3.50; $4.00 and $5.00Als6 Shoes. Oxfords. Underwear. Paiamas. Evervthinfir most reasonablvI priced. If you are contemplating taking a vacation it', will be worth your whileto get our prices on Suit Cases, trunks and Hand Dags.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Departmentm FS G1Q Mom iH.fiS5 ii caJu 9 biii. t--B r "-vi - .-4BLOCH SVlAutomatic Refrigerators!We have just received this great refrigerator andare now ready to deliver them. Come in and getyours at once,""-:.-'v"??j"' AL.'V xI'-iHlIln ' I i'ffi'SisJJ r Jhi.T iftlA. iiiiHBlliiiiiiEAuTOMATICWe have handled the Automatic Refrigerator for yearsand never have we had a SINGLE DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER! r This is the greatest food preserver 4nd ice saver madeand is the only refrigerator made with the water bottle onthe front of the refrigerator. Come in and let us explainto you this wonderful refrigerator.THE J. T. HISTOJV CO.tlTHUFHONEtMPARIS, KENTUCKY;sixth urn MAW,j -r,,1. j, V "vJjT 7KvIHI v2$y&S-'i t'.rd .r1 M.K"iV..fi'.l'Pre;ac-n-Vf.Ni 3.5 . ',I'' 4mliltKKity.. 41.t$wmIf;-H -ri'5U.wT.r..-ifV.,.MHv.v;y.f.IV1S-:i'!tO.4 V.vtuVV?;jJ.:if.'ml1-'1 $'v . ,trf4rII J .intf:Yu '.'v .Vf-''i.9 r . jBOURBONIfsWS, 'PAKV,,FRIDAY. JUNB It, 11., 7TG90CA- Orm.jOLD LEAKY ROOFSBWbe atYMiandwtdelsakprooffirithSUPERLASTICROOF COATINGManufacturers Direct to Consumer,Dnukei rree.BTTERNATIONAL COATINGS CO.C4 S. Secad St. Lowcrffle, Ky.Escape the "Stout" ClassAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportibns. The stout women who are never spokenof as "stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rengo Belt Reducing Corsetsgive the wearer an appearance ofslenderness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andsupport where the greatest strainfalls over the abdomen and hips.They have the reputation of being"the most economical reducingcorsets ever devised."Priced from $2 to $joFRANK & CO.IJI tW9-5 v fj N- '?N99bbbbHbIbbbbbbbbbe?BBBHBiaBBBiBaE, ..Thoroughbred HorsesAnnual Summer Meeting atLATONJAJune 4thStakes:ftffSOTa SWBUTNUKafTJ-mUBtKSTEF MMKAPinklaThoseMMUSTUESy. Joa 4MbCK RHXHCJfJ, JUM MBIral HKIATMU ItffMHITI 11 'BHHHHKffi. Kentucky Jockey QbbWM. J. BRYAN WHJ. RESIDE IMFLORIDAWilliam Jennings Bryan will votein Florida in the future. While inNew York the other day he announced that his actual residence inthat State would become his legalresidence.He was influenced in making thechange, he said, by the state of Mrs.Bryan's health, and in his new homeexpected to concern himself as muchas ever with public affairs. He said:"Mrs. Bryan's health is such thatit is necessary for is to live in theSouth, and, having lived in Miamifor eisht years, we nave chosen thatcitv for our permanent . home. Forisome time I have been, politicallyspeaking, in a state of suspended animation, living in Florida but votingin Nebraska. Being as much interested as ever in the problems of government and desiring to make myremaining -years as valuable to . mycountry as possible, I have decidedto transfer my citizenship to Florida, and thus make my actual residence my legal residence also."So Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing Habit.No-To-Bac has helped thousands tobreak the costly, nerve-shattering tobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a smoke or chew, justplace a harmless No-To-Bac tabletin your mouth instead. All desirestops. Shortly the habit is completely broken, and you are better offmentally, physically, financially. It'sso easy, so simple. Get a box of No-To-Bacand if it doesn't release youfrom all craving for tobacco in anyform, your druggist will refund yourmoney without question. (adv), oRemoving Paint From Wood.To rid room of bad odor give It acoat of paint or varnish. If a deadrat or mouse causes 'the trouble theodor will last until the little creaturais entirely dried up. Lye will taktoff paint but would injure the woodfor applying paint to later. Use apaint remover bought at a paint shop.Housewife.DrWadckll'sPile RemedyDtatt Sufier Don't be)peratedm watil row have triad Dr. WaddelTaygR Mrfy. AbaolirtafofiwaWai 2mu r- m. rnnuxiRbif sot writstp CuciuiiaEi)to July 9thQUIT TOBACCOsj BlvBlBBBl BBaB aT 'BaBlBT- BmBmBBIBBiB BBfl Ba rBLVblBaaHHavalaalaaHaVaMaaHaaanaaaiThe unusually haghckssof the horses on tic.giocmA,theexceOeace ottlic jxrogrambook and improved accommodations for patrons combine to insure the success ofthe meeting at the popularLa&onia Course.viVli$nwho visitthis month will enjoy "Acfinest sport in its history.TXttKy-,14IN AMD ABOUT THE fc!TY 'To get away with' flattery one mustbe pretty sharp.Fortune doesn't always knock whena woman is having one of her at hmedays. 9 vYou never can tell. It isn't alwaysthe biggest man who looks down onhis neighbors.There isn't much hope for some ofthe parsons unless they practice better than they preach.About the only people in the worldwho don't quarrel over religion arethe people who haven't any.Occasionaliyyou come across a manin public life whose silence if 30 intense you can almost hear itWigg "Is there anything worse thanrunning up against a bore?" Wagg"Only having him run up. againstyou."Many an unhappy marriage can' betraced t the fact that it is easier totell a little lie than to answer a lotof questions.Cheer up, girls. The young man'sslave may also develop' into an oldman's darling if he sticks on the joblong enough.oMuggins "Mrs. Washaway, for awoman of her age, is very well preserved." Buggins "Thereby illustrating that self-preseravtion is the firstlaw of nature."Mrs. Pnuerich "Poor Mr. Bjones!He was suddenly stricken with lockjaw just as. he was eating his dinner."Mix Pneurich (thinking of his owntable manners) "Gee whizz! Didhe cut his mouth?"DANCE PARTNERS HE DETESTSThe girl who leaves powder all overmy dress-suit If she had the troubleof brushing my clothes she'd stoppowdering her arms.The girl who criticises her hostess,and compares "this hop" unfavorablywith the one she went to last night. 'She who is so small that to dancewith her is a continual strain.She who is so tall that I feel I haveengaged myself .to a grenadier by mistake. The shything savegirl, who can't say"yes" or "no."any-The chatty one who will tell methe ages of all her feminine acquaintances, and how wonderful it is theydon't look it!The girl who has no back to herdress! It is most embarrassing.The girl who wears "dan lums"which invariably break in the middleof the floor! NThe "Oh-I-beg your pardon" girl whoinsists on apologizing? e,very 10 Seconds for real or imaginary mistakes.Thelurch.girl who leaves you in theThe girl whose hair is always coming down.The silent partrier who dances witha look of pain on her face, and whosits out the ensuing interval withouta word.FLORIDA SUNSHINEMany a man thinks he is picking achicken when he is only picking alemon.awBy its creaking you may know thaithe front porch swing has supersededthe parlor sofa.All men may be created freeequal, but the married .men will tjjau that they are anything but free.A' man never realizes how manypins go to waist until he snags bishand on two or three of them in aWebttdy's waist.Alter all there is no -difference between being hit by the Love Bug anftthe Insanity Bug. They pat a fetf$vin the same state of mental aberrationand irresponsibility. .It's a hard world, mates. Ma nearly breaks her neck at hours for astretch in the house and pa nearlybreaks his neck for hours at a stretchon the street rubbering at the women'sstyles. Jacksonville Times-Union.IN OTHER TONGUESThe Tartarian alphabet has 202 Utters. The, Polish alphabet contains 56 letters.The Finnish language has no prepltione. There are 214 letters in the ChinesalphabetThe blacks of Africa speak 848 languages and dialects. . - -; -j Afcsvt one-third, of tke noMlatiaa.thiwrld spoaks fjttist Wttiyt3KV1fA AA zm pipe won our n your vtongue if you smoke P. A.!Get that pipe-party-bee buzzing in ydur sflfote-t y section! Know for a fact what a joy'us jimmy pipecan and will do for your peace and content! Just(Check up the men in all walks of life you meet dailyfltho certainly get top sport out of their pipes allPrinet 'Alton ?U In tmppy rmdhma,tidyrmttim,hmndMmmm pmmndmadhmtf ywM timjtmnd crystal gUmmhmmidmr withmpmmg tmiitmmr,tow. . iCopyright 1921fey R. J. ReymaMsTabacco C.WattM-Salta,Mi Cwbrighter;EVENINGSJust HistoryIn 57The Colonial DamenSpun her clothSj Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline blight,She erreeted' her 'aestiBy Coal Oil light.And .later on,How time doei passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Bit Hie girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Ellis' Tea RoomThe Home of Good HomeCooked MealsnAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65c, per meal on week days75cper meal on SundaysMeal Tickets(2i MEALS)2 Meals per Day $8.501 Meal per Day $9.50Regular Board (3 mealsper day) SS.OOMSw1HEmwm:.. 'it -?vjr.-A -m. L.agiuw wiiu AJLugiaiii, aeugaixui. irienaiy .trinceAlbert! - .'And, you can wager your week's wad tlia? PrinceAlbert's quality and flavor and coolness and itsfreedom from bite and parch (cut out by our exclusive patented process) will ring up records in your;jlittle old smokemeter the likes of which you never;before could believe possible! viYou don't get tired of a pipe when it's packed witKPrince Albert! Paste that in your hat!!And, just between ourselves! Ever dip into tHggport of rolling 'em? Get some Prince Albert andjthe makin's papers quick and cash in on a cigarette that will prove a revelation!prince Albertthe national joyEAGLE "MIKADO"For Sale at your Dealer Made in five gradeLASK FOR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED BANDEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORK(till july4)ii i1 mmaiiiMiiiMAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSWe have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other faysleft over from the holidays.LetUs Demonstrate - the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.T. W.MAIN STREETixaaiMiHiLI BourbonDAVIS & PUNK, Proprietorst Telephone No. 4The Bourbon LaundryPans, KentuckyIKBVXlVXBBlXaiA jl f5At v-rt- 1J I.T'-smokePencil No. 174pi 2fmmkL' u &jJX(Pl)ijjjm.n.Txmytt.HlVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH XTlGHTS, ETC.SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEmairrftttMiiii:-:iLaundryWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry aDphanceiand expert "helpers we aijeprepared to aowoxK ljrhfor to none, and at)your patronage.1!BH&ws,a j , al ..AtIr timuko. j yL.st ?v."V'J1 -v- "1 ofa' ' (. i - t .3Lt -"St a" s1 .t .- S 'Xvs.v K,rJ-i. ' -aiwutxAsmx smmmxan. . JEHWMMWM,-JtFast W Aft.Another tfclBf that startles a maaas fc.e gets on in life ii how yomng boyiHtd girls can be aad still call one another Mr. and Mis, -Ohio State Jour-MLBRIEF FACTS,ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATORWfej are authorized to announceHTORY S. CAYWOOD, ot NorthMHtfletewn, as a candidate for theOf of State Senator frofrn theTreaty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Glark and Montgomery, subject jfoUW vluju uj. iuc jlsciuuuiciid at lxipolls.FOR REPRESENTATIVEW are authorized to announce'JAMES H. THOMPSON of Paris, a?a candidate for re-election as Repeeeatatlve from Bourbon County inthe Lower House of the KentuckyLegislature, subjlct to the action ofthe TOters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921."W3e are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncoiinty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in theLower Houseof thi1 Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action of thevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on Augusts,1921.Spain is said to have 250,000 begAfrican Mohammedans willtouch a dead man.notNOMEL?,jMBsattsa -sfB (51 1 IvBUBaSSnFOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nosalati6& for Sheriff of BourbonCoxurtT at the Primary Election inAreiat, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.K. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. DaTid E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.Aluminum wlre.Ii cheaper than copper wire and lighter.Since 1910 the Pennsylvania railroadhas laid 564290,904 new crass ties and1,247,289 tons of new Tails. vApproximately 200.000.000 feet oflumber will be cut on crown lands inNew Brunswick during the present' year. .The Belgian mining commission hasordered a reduction of 5 per cent inwages of .miners, to take effect atonce. '"During the last six years the wageincreases granted to British shipyardworkers ranged from 121 to 204 percent.There are now In Japan only 19shipbuilding companies capable of constructing vessels of more than 1,000tons gross, while there were over 70during the war.Statistics estimate the power furnished Inithe mighty Niagara falls at800,000 horsepower, of Which about500,000 is owned and operated byAmerican interests.All needy residents of MuskegonMich., who are out of work are beinggiven aid by the city. The city loansthe funds, taking a note payable ondemand without InterestThe accident rates In the coal minesof England, France, Belgium, Germany, Austria ahd Japan are muchlower than In America because all theminers speak the same language.What a Heap of Happiness It WouldBring to Paris Homes''5FOR COUNTY CLERKWe are authorized tc announcePKARCE PATON as a candidate for;lerk of the Bourbon County Court,aupject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,subject to the action of the DemoraHft nrlmarv election, to be helaon Saturday, August 6, 1921.NFOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS.. A. 'SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryflection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acanttlaate for Jailer, subject to thaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, Au?ist 6,1921, He respectfully solicits your'-support and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announcetyrt MAHAR. of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the pemocratic voters, of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon coun. ty, subject to the action qf the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jailer ot tjourbon county, subject to the action ofthe voters in the primary election,August ft 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are, authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourbon-county, as a candidate for the 'officeof Tax Commissioner or Bourbonbounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto -the action of tie voters at tneprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticpariy.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON,x of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANKD3 SIDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support.FOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announceERNEST L. MARTIN as a candidatefor Police Judere of the City ofParis, Kentucky, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, to" be held on August 6, 1921. f4We are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN, of Paris, as a candidatefor Police Judge of the City of Paris,subject to the action of the votersin the 'primary election on August, 1921.We are authorized to announceTHEODORE P- NlX, of Paris, as acandidate for Police Judge of thecity of Paris, subject to the actionof the N voters at thi primary election on August 6, 1921.-If e "are authorised to announceROBERT-S POWER, ot. Paris,. acandid .for Folk. Juice of theCity ot Paris, subject to the actioof :the rentes. istfce, pnssaryt!ctAtlSMri, 1W1.WILD LIFE ASLEEPEagles go to sleep at about the timeowls awaken.Bats sleep head downward, hangingby their hind claws.Storks, gulls and other long-leggedbirds sleep standing on one leg.Those fish- that sleep do so with theeyes open, as they have no eyelids.Butterflies sleep with their headsdown on the blades of grass on whichthey restBears, during their hibernation inthe winter months, sleep Dotn nigntand day.Birds, with few exceptions, sleepwith their heads turned tallward overthe back and their beaks thrust beneath the wing.."Owls, in addition to -their eyelids,vioxra sprpons that thev draw, side-wise, across the eyes, to shut out thelight while they sleep in the daytime.Elephants often sleep on their feet,as if disliking the trouble of lyingdbwn and getting up again. , Theysleep onl five hours of the twentyfour. Lions, tigers and other members ofthe cat family stretch themselves flatupon the side. Their muscles twitchand throb, indicating they are verylight sleepers.Hard to do housework with an aching back. 'Brings you hours of misery 'at leisure or at work.If women only knew the causethatBackache pains often, come fromweak kidneys'Twould save much needless woe.Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneysRead what a. Paris citizen says:Mrs. J. A. Hughes, 124 Tenthstreet, says: "We have used Doan'sKidney Pills in our home and theyalwavs . cive the best of results. Iused them recently when my kidneyswere out of order and I had -a weakfeeling across my back. Doan's relieved the trouble at once. I felttired and nervous all the time andnot much like doing any kind ofwork. I sent to Varden's Drug Storeand got a couple boxes of Doan'sKidney Pills. I began usingthem and ttfey soon cured thetrouble so I have never been botheredsince. I take pleasure in recommending Doan's Kidney Pills."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Hughes had. Foster-MilburnCo.. Mfrs.. Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)r oAmbergris.For many hundreds of years ambergris has been employed in sacerdotalrites of the church, and with fragrantgums it was formerly burned in theapartments of royallty. To some extent it was used as a medicine andas a flavoring for- certain dishes. Nowadays ambergris is utilized almost exclusively in the manufacture of perfumes and the preparation of finescents being first converted Into atincture by dissolution In alcohol.B U IC K;..ft- m. f-v' , ' nPresent lines of new Buick six-cylindiiFmodels will be carried thru the 1922season.Beginning June 1st the new series andprices will be as follows, f . o. b. factories,Flint, Michigan. , .Old PricesModel 22-44 Three Passenger Roadster, $1795ASPIRINName "Bayer" on GenuinelModel 22-45 Five Passenger. Touring,Model 22-46 Three Passenger Coupe,Model 22-47 Five Passenger Sedan, -Model22-48 Four Passenger Coupe,Model 22-49 Seven Passenger Touring,Model 22-50 Seven Passenger Sedan,: . r ll., i2S$1795$2585$2895$2985$2065NtwPrkm$1495$1525$2135$2435$2325$1735$2635N4it4444444444444444444444444444444444PHILOSOPHYAn ounce of persuasion is bet- tter than a pound of compulsionTake Asoirin only' as told In eachpackage of genuine Bayer Tablets-cfAspirin. Then you will be fpllowingthe directions and dosage worked outby physicians during 21 years, anaproved safe by millions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain. ,Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin Is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture 01Monoaceticidester of Sahcylicacid.Xadv)oTo Soften Skins.There are two simple ways of softenlng leather and raw skins. One Isto rub in thoroughly neafs-foot oil.The other is to dissolve three ouncesof alum, seven ounces of salt and oneand one-half ounces saleratus In sufficient hot rain water to saturate theskin. When cool enough not to scaldthe hands soak the skin in It for 12hours; wring out and hang up to dry.When dry repeat this operation two orthree times until the skin Is sufficiently soft.4'BUICK MOTOR COMPANY, FLINT, MICH.Pioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor CarsV Brandies in all Principal Cities DeaUrs Everyufaim 'iC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant StreetsVWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ABJE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMYou might perhaps jddge aman by the cigarettes he doesn'tsmoke.The maSvho' caljs on a girlonly every other night .Is halfIn love.Absence, sometimes makes theheart grow fondei: of some other person! fc ,When a woman Is lost in ad-miration she may be found infront of a mirror.Lots of people live In RhodeIsland who do not know theways of Providence."Dental hygienist" is the latesttitle offered to ambitious girls andyoung women by Columbus University.CATHOLIC COLLEGE CENTENNIALThe St. Mary's Catholic College,St. Mary's, Ky., will hold a series ofspecial exercises this weelj: in commemoration of the 100th anniversaryof the establishment of the institution. The exercises, which will begin Tuesday and continue throughThursday, will be attended by alumnifrom practically every State in theUnion.Among the noted speakers who willdeliver addresses are Bishop Muldoon, Illinois; Bishop Morris, Arkansas; the Rev. J. C. Kearns, Alabama;Dr. Irvine Abell, Louisville; Gov. E.P. Morrow, and Judge S. J. Boldrickand Thomas Walsh, Louisville.t o-JHall's Catarrh MedicineThose who are in a "run down" condidon will notice that Catarrh bothersthem much more than when they are ingood health. This fact proves that whileCatarrh is a local disease, it is greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE to aTonic and Blood Purifier, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe body, thus reducing the inflammationand restoring normal conditions.All druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.BEFORE mid AFTERCHILDBIRTHMrs. William Tells HowLydia E. Pinkham VegetableCompound Kept Herin HealthTuberculosis and StomacK.Tuberculosis rarely attacks thestomach, and the reason for this Is explained by Dr. Wllhelm Baetzner ofBerlin In describing one case In Berliner Kllnlsche -Wofchenschrlft. Hesays the gastric juice, aided by the active movements of the stomach, killthe germs of tuberculosis before theyget a chance to take hold.. OveVegetaPOPULAR SCIENCEA wire clip has been Invented tohold the handle of an Idle brush outof' the paint in a can and keep Itclean.An Inventor Is working on a rigidaluminum dirigible balloon to.be steamdriven and depending for buoyancyon the lif tltfg power of air heated bykerosene burners.Four small drills that' cut through)rust or any other Insulating matterfeature a new tool to test the conductivity of electric bonds oetween ranJoints.For a typwrfteiNin which most of-the work 1 done fey !" P1"?a GfcflaUTpBtor claims each? letter. 'J-i ttk mawMl ftfCCAS thekiniti'M to complexBssssSk 'HbbssssssssIBSSSB-:''' BSSSSSBSlBSSKBSK- JMSBBSSSSBBBBm x-hK-mghSSSSSsIBSSSas ' . . iifl8KVMCTSSSSSSStMfadttMMMtMINlMyi. z J .irpecK, u. " -Lyman;. rinKnanvsaiblei Compound helped me bothoetore ana alter mybaby was born. Isuffered with backache, headache, wasgenerally run downand weak. I sawLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable compound advertised inthe newspapers andaeciaea to cry iwNqw I feel fine, takecare of mv two boysand do mv own work.I recommend your medicine to anyonewho is ailing. You may publish my testimonial if you think it will helpothers."Mrs.CARRiEWiLLiAMS,Overpeck, Ohio.For more than forty years Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound hasbeen restoring women to health whoBuffered from irregularities, displacement, backaches, headaches, bearingdown pains,nervousness or f the blues.Today there is hardly a town or hamletin the' United States wherein somevnrnan Ham nnt rMrirfo who haS beenimVwH by itThat to why Lydia BJnttcftam's vegetable ijompouna nuwas am atasfaru i.ujBecoming Overpopulatsd.Johnny, who already had two younger sisters, had been promised a babybrother, much to his delight. Whenthe eventful day arrived the nursetold him the stork had brought another darling baby sister. Epor Johnnywas disheartened. Shortly afterwiXsVhis father found him alone In his bedroom and asked him how he liked Jusnew sister. "Aw," said Johnny, hopelessly, "it's gettln too crowded aroundherel" 4oHow Kisses Came.nt muma if rinpan't really matterwho Invented kissing but the legendof the Grecian shepherdess who foundan opal on one of the hills nearAthens and, wishing to give It to ayoung shepherd whose hands were occopied, let him take It from her lipswith his own, is one of 'many storieswhich glva Greece tha nonor u uMade Just to YourTasteAnd Always the Samelou secure uniformity ofstrength and flavor in your meal:? time drink, by the portion used.INSIANT P0STUM(instead of coffee or tea)can be made instantly b?r measuring thepowdered. Postumwith a teaspoon,placing the contentsin a cup, then addinghot water. Better fornerves and digestion."There's a ReasonMade by Postum Cereal Co.,Inc.. Battle Creek, Mich,.L' jr-r!'e -.J j InstantIf P05TUHmir"mm' -nrr,ll' IJin i n i i ii n i mi Jiiinntjvery first kiss.-VvfDerived Name Frew Oooupatlon. ,Hunting wlthft falcon was the chlsMrt U imadlifftl .Butfand; .and thMfco tratolhe-Wrdi. tr hanWftfctss ' wer laeynM nucyrwhlck JivMiiirfkl'iH.lrttt-tts TaiMOtttart ' 'Home Telephone SubscribersHave Free Communication with theFollowing Towns and VillagesMillersburg. Headquarters, Hooktown, Blacks GrowlRoads, Shawhan, Ruddles Mills, Kiserton, Centerville,Jacksonville, Glintonville, Avon, Wyandott Ausjberiitz,Escondida, Little Rock. Cane Ridge, Plum, Bunker Hill.North Middletown connection will be re-establiihedwithin a few weeks. - ,Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Ct.Incorporated1 1IMHIHHHHIH HIM 1 OIMIMMIuri . . . -' 1-L iliTGetRsMRStssswsTnjii; " s , jm" I jsf v "'tawrtjL 4 w illv . . mLY-. mm rW Iff .AW. i:i i-t ' i.bic:IfW -.If, - "i mi: . - ifX ftx v !i2P'Is?h$m5?,Vito?Ai.V-MIt5l''V&kVr,iTJJ"'-miiVL. t1lv-s-i-r - ts,- -KV1.v, ..M?.rvz.Qt krV"Vy. i.- MM aOCTWMI MWW, RAMS, qUjHlwauft- s . j-iA : " . V $. sv - i nuDAT, jwfn, itt, - 'II t;-- MIK.1KSBDHG ' '- , UUGIOUS. "' Miises Hattie "Wood andChristine Patterson were visitors in Lexington, Wednesday.- Miss Mary Frances Letton is, risiting her cousin, Miss Lucy Jean" 'Amderson, of Paris. v. v J. B. Cray and daughter, Mrs.t Clarke Leer, and children, are in Cin,' cinnati for a few days, iMiss Katherine Judy is a guestof her" aunts, Mrs. K. R. and A. M.Taught, in Indianapolis.Mrs. Mary S. Boston has beenreappointed teacher of the Mcllvainef School for the coming term., ' " Dr. and Mrs. McKinney have re-turned to Carlisle after, a visit to'friends and relatives in. this .place.' Aboutjfifteen members of theTwentieth Century Club attended the'A v Boone. Day celebration atv Frankfort,-s . ;- .'RiaiPss!sa,Bv-fVBM " nr i. ' ?-. - tt-"tt" t?.aiMI 111 III IB IVI : EveninflfI I ," - vOn account of absence from thecity, Rev. Smylie, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, the Sunday afternoon service scheduled for,aged si3Cty-two, died at his home'f:the Hopewell church, will not beheld. ' ,Rev. Arthur J. Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church, who has justclosed a successful revival at Lexington, filled the pulpit at the Carlisle Baptist church last night at7:30 o'clock, in the absence of theregular pastor. Rev. JTox preached apowerful sermon to a large audience. ,Records for continuous servicein the pulpit in the Presbyterianchurch and possibly in America wereshattered by Dr. William C. Condit,pastor of the First Presbyterianchurch at Ashland since the thirdSunday in June, 1866, who retiredto be pastor emeritus of the churchwhich e has served fifty-five years.At the Methodist church Sunday,Rev. O. B. Crockett, of Winchester,ivill nnminv thp milnit at hnth fier-dren have returned to their Home . 1Q 45 - d 7:3() mVa.. after a visit' ',, ,..,.. ,. ocf,traif'HjHTMASTBR - jFollowing an illness of severaldays duration due to a comDlination I-,i of diseases, Joseph A. Fightmaster,onTuesdav., lwm. Vimont, of Maysville, isvisiting his mother and sister, Mrs.Martha Vimont and Miss FlorenceVimont.Mrs. Vallandingham and cnil-v.Vin Barboursville,to G. S. Allen.Mrs. Mack Jones is at the bedside of her mother, Mrs. C. C. Kokendorfer, at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington.Miss Katherine Vaught andbrother, have returned from a fewdays' visit with ther grandmother,Mrs. Wm. Payne, in Cynthiana.Dr. H. C. Burroughs and MissFannie Burroughs' have gone toSpringfield, Mass., for an extendedvisit to Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Spencer.Prof. J. W. Lancaster, of Mil-lersburg Highv School, presented diplomas to 137 graduates of Bourbon.County High School, Tuesday morn-rncr.Word was received by Mrs.Qwen Ingels of the severe illness ofex sister, Mrs. Louis Rogers, whowas taken to Lexington hospital foran operation.Prof. J. W. Lancaster, Miss Nan-'nie Clarke, Misses Edith and Margaret Wood, and Mrs. Mary S. Boston are attending the Bourbon County Summer School for teachers, insession at Paris.On and after this date Mrs. Jas.prv wilL-have charge of the cor-v.., .. vKentucky avenue, Monday nteht.about eight o'clock.Mr. Fightmaster was a son ofRichard and Laura Young Fightiaster. He is survived by three siste"rs, Mrs. Menifee, of Ruddles Mills;Mrs. J. C. Hayes, and Mrs. AllieLizer, of Paris, and two brothers, H.C. and J Ty. Fightmaster, both ofMillersburg. Mr. Fightmaster waisa member of Rathbone Lodge,Knights. of Pythias, of Paris.The funeral was held at eleveno'clock. Wednesday morning) withservices conducted at the grave byRev. J. T. Sharrard, of Paris. Thecommittal service was under the auspices of Rathbone Lodge, K. of P.The pall-bearers -were FinnellW. Galloway,' J. O. Burnette, LouisWollstein, John K. Cahal, E. B. Januaiy and Perry J. McCord.5Rev. Mr. Crockett is a former pastor j01 tms congregation, ami win ue welcomed by many friends, who still remember him. The Sunday school willmeet "at 9:30 a m., and the Epworth League at 6:45 p. m. Amost hearty invitation is extended toevery one to attend all services.The Elementary Sunday Schoolworkers of the Methodist church willbe all-da guests VTbursday, June 16,of Rev. J. E. Moss and his congregation, in Lexington. Mrs. G. E. Cameron, Conference Elementary Superintendent, will preside, assisted byMrs. Henry A. Power, of Paris, theCouncil President. Rev. C. H. Greer,of Paris, president of the ConferenceBoard, and Dennis V. Snapp, ofParis, Field Secretary, will also attend. At the recent meeting' of theWoman's Missionary Society of theBaptist church, the following officerswere elected f&r the year: President,Mrs. Walter' Clark; first vice-president,Mrs. Wm. 0. Hinton; secondvice-president, Mrs. Jos. James; secletary, Mrs. Ossian Edwards; treasurer, Mrs. Wm. W. Hinton. Themornine: was scent in sewing for oneof the young women of the church,IN MEMOEIAM" , . an::r.n- ul v.Tesponaence aim uuaiuCBO """",wllo isin tne hospital. An noonluncheon was served. The aftermoon-N. Tfn YiP. -Millersbnrs: department. All 1friends and the business public generally are asked to assist Mrs. Crayin the matter of getting live newsv items for this column.Mr. and Mrs. DrE. Clarke, Mrs.L. V. Layson, Mrs. O. Rankin, Mrs.3. Grimes, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Layson, Mr. and Mrs. Layson Tarr, andMrs. A. Tarr attended the funeraland burial of Garrett Weathers, atLexington, Tuesday. Mrs. Weatherswas formerly Miss Laura Layson,who resided here for many years.The Wide-Awake Junior Agricultural Club will observe Monday,June 3,3, as a picnic of project visitation day. The Club, will first meetat 8:30 a. m., in the County HighSchool library, "for a short businesssession. . At nine o'clock the meml bers of 'the Club and, their friendswill start on the trip visiting thevarious projects. Competent instructors will accompany the. party.All who have conveyances are askedto indicate how many extra seatsthey will have for those who will' have no means of making the roundswith the party otherwise.- Members of the 1895 graduatingclass ofthe Millersburg College wererecent guests of Mrs. John Grimes,who entertained in their honor ather home near Millersburg. Tieguests present were Mrs. Mary S. Boston, Mrs. Charles Jones, Mrs. A. C.Strode, Mrs. Bert McClintock, Mrs.O. Rankin, Mrs. E. Hurst and Mrs.McKinney. A unique feature of theprogram was given by- the class members, miniature diplomas tied withwhite ribbon and pink clover blossoms being presented by the hostess.Refreshments of ice cream, individualCAkefi and strawberries were served.The cakes, yellow, 'with white icing,bore the dates of 1895."When the spirit of Mrs. Mary Tobin, aged resident of Paris, left itsfrail earthly tenement a few daysago, there departed to the BetterLand all that was immortal of a goodwoman, one whose life had been spentin good works and in the care andraising of a family to whom she hadgiven the best years of her long anduseful life."Mis. Tobin was a native of Dublin,'Ireland, and though transplanted atnn early age to the New World, shenever forgot the old country and itsassociations, friendships and trials aswell. She was married to John Tobin, who for many years successfullyconducted a florist and nursery business on the Winchester road, nearParis, and to them was born fourchildren, -all residing in Paris andBourbon county.She was a faithful member of theCatholic church, not only' faithful tothat church, but just as faithful inbelieving that it was her duty as aChristian to do the will of her Masterat all times. She was always readyto lend a helping hand in time ofneed, both in acts of kindness anain words. Her retiring nature Arther to hide her best qualities frompublic gazi but they were revealedto those who enjoyed her friendship,yet it was in her home that her trueworth was manifested most. -She wasdevoted to her children, who, in return gave ser the kindest attentionand love. During her last illness shewas tenderly cared for her daughters, Misses Mary and Rosa Tobin,who ministered to her every want,and never left her alone for a moment, during the long days andnights. No invalid ever receivedkinder or more devoted attentionthan these daughters gave theirmother.The wealth of floral offering' atthe grave attested the high esteemin which this good woman was held,and the life that closed leftjbehindas a benediction a wealth of remembrances of good deeds done withoutthought of reward or of approbation.So jt is ever, when a life has beenworthily lived.0A CARD OF THANKSwas devoted to business mattersThe revival meeting which hasbeen in progress at the Paris Christian chuich for three weeks, conducted by Rev. Jesse R. Kellums andSinging Evangelist Richards, closedWednesday night witn a total 01205 addded to the congregation. Theclosing meeting was attended by thelargest crowd of the series, hundredsbeing unable to gain admission tothe auditorium. Rev. Kellums andMr. Richards opened a revival atGeorgetown last night. The meeting at the Paris church will go oerecord for large attendance and theintense interest manifested. Probably no evangelist in years has socaptivated his audiences as did Rev.Kellums, and his visit here will belong remembered by Paris people.The month of May has been oneof concerted effort and gratifyingresults in the Presbyterian church.At one of the recent services Mr.Smylie gave a talk on what theFrench call "esprit de corps," butwhat in plain English is known as"team" work," and urged his peopleto get behind every move tne -" We take this method of thankingmakes and to give it t-ne oeneui ji,-.. friends and kind neigh-their support. Only so . can tne borg for their kindly offices and theirwork go forward as it should. SVmnathetic helD in the last houisIn May the attendance broite tne dear mother Mrs Maryi ... MATrimic into -c;n.VA -Tobin. Especially do we desire toextend our heartfelt thanks to Rev.Father William O'Hare, UndertakerGeorge R. Davis and Dr. A. H.Keller, and the many friends whosobeautiful floral offerings cbvered ourmother's grave. We cannot see eachone in person, but through THENEWS we desire to assure them ofkmdlv remembrances and sin-Evening1TODAY FRIDAY-4 . -Mar glierite Marsh 'The Phantom Honeymoon'1 Also Chas. Hutchison, in "The Double Adventure"and Eddie Boland in "The Love Lesson"The Alamo and Paris GrandSATURDAY, JUNE 11thBILLIE BURKEin "THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSONA charming picture story of the Gay Carnival Season in Paris. The Ritz, rendezvousof fashion; agog witti the gossip of the Boulevards. A Paramount-Artcaft Picture.Also Capitol Comedy, "Get Up, Napoleon"MONDAY, JUNE 13thRobertson-Cole Announces the Triumphant Return off thePetite Whimsical StarMAE MARSH "The Little Traid Lady"A screen drama breathing of love and adventure of the unusual type. A story ofdramatic force and appealing pathos intertwined with gripping mystery and whimsicalhumor. , 'Also' Century Comedy, "Stuffed Lions' and Pathe ReviewAdmission Adults 27c plusc war tax, 30c; Children and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax, 2tcWHAT COKSTHnJTES "AN TJNDE-! munity and will not strive to reform, tSIRABLE CITIZEN."What constitutes " an undesirablecitizen? There may be severalanswers to the question, but here isouis. It is a person who maliciouslyand continuously violates the laws ofthe community in which, he lives, anddisturbs the peace and happiness ofhis neighbois and the citizens of thecommunity; a person whose conductis demoralizing to his or her familyand the good citizenship of the com-A person may be a law violator andyet not by an undesirable citizen.This is a free country, but this doesnot permit or give a person licenseto demoralize the whole community.If the mother has a good husbandand the little" babe a erood father:there is happiness in the home, and'of the Bluegrass and contains morea promise of God of a happy home inlbutter fat thanrany sold in town,the Great Beyond. BuKif the hus-lt is simply delicious take someband is a hoodlum, a rake, a spend-(home. Dixie cones are the best onthrift, and born of the- brute crea- J the market, 5 cents each,tion, there is only misery, tears and' (31-4t) GRANT OWSLEY.sorrow, not only for the mother, butthe little tiabe as -well.oBEST ICE ' CfeELAM IN TOWNTAKE SOME HOME- We are selling Jhe famous DixieIce Cream. It is made in the heartCOUNTY H0AD DRAINAGEronnr rf siiv previous aaie bavethe day of dedication. On the bun-day wnen tne regular qutiucV wmunion was held twenty-seenunited with the church by letter andprofession. Many received the ordinance of baptism. The congregationfeels that it can never repay theirearnest consecrated young leader forthe splendid work he is doing amongthem, but m an effort to show theirappreciation asked, the deacons tosend him a .check for $500.00, as heleaves for a month's vacation. FromJune 10th to 17th he will be inDanville at the first meeting theSynod of Kentucky has ever nau iuiv Oatesby Spears, Sam Clay, Sara' Houston and John T. Collins, Bour-bon okmty Road Commissioners,have issued an appeal to landown""' rs in Bourbon county to give their1 co-operation in the matter of drain-age of the county roadsIt is alleged that fb more damage is done through improper drainage than by travel, and for that reason every effort is 'being made' bythe Road Commissioners to ditch andthoroughly drain every, road in thecounty. Farmers are asked to placeculverts at their gates or entrancesto. their farms, so that the water willnot Be forced onto the roads. A. representative of the Road Commissionis going to call in the near futureon every farmer whose land frontsf on a public highway, and to ex-- plain the necessity and importanceof draining their places. The Roadf ' Commission " requests a respectfullearing from the farmers and a- prompt and willing compliance with" . " the request.r , - 0 ' -' 1EM0VABLE EYELASHES NOWFOR MILADY!ourcere thanks for their many acts ofkindness to us.HER DAUGHTERS.MATRIMONIAL.1"JTIadies' eyejashes have become salsable .articles. The dressing table In'- milady's boudior may now be adorned,-in addition to numersous otherthings that admirers assume to bei natural, with artificial lashes thatIMte on right over the regular ones.' Tkis innovation in feminine at-, tractiveness was on display in NewYork at the American Ladies' HairDrewimg Association exhibition.Other nature savers included aaalf-bobbed wig to cover old-fash-'ione4 long hair, thus relieving theBottity of cutting it. A parable inmogriag picture form was shown,demonstrating how a wife, who hadlost her kuabaai's affection, regained'it 'ky rejuvenating her - ,roee petalia vmm? neonle and on July 1st heleaves for West Virginia, for a restof four weeks."The Lord watch between we andthee when we aie absent one fromanother."PRESBYTERAN CHURCHRev. T. S. Smylie will be absentfor a ,week attending the first session of the KentucKy x oung cicConference for the Presbyterianchurch, which meets in Danville, inthe buildings of K. C. W., June 1016. Mr. Smylie is Chairman of theBoard of Managers for the Conference. The regular morning and evening services will be held at thischurch. Dr. J. W. Caldwell, pastorof the Westminister Church, Atlanta,Ga. one of the leaders at the conference at Danville, will preach at botnthe morning "and evening services.A cordial invitation is given to thepublic to attend the services of thischurch. Preaching at 10:55 and7-so n. m.. Sunday School 9:30 a. m.,InWctinn "Endeavor at 6:45 p. m.t V" , .. - . ilt Ar,r Ciln-Christian unurco, oicuua ""r..day: Bible School, y:su a. m.,Morning Worship, ,10:45 fa. , m.; Mission Band, 2:30pm.; Male Choru3,2:30 P. m Christian Endeavor,6-30 n. m.: Evening Worship,7:30m. Tuesaay. wvnia," M-,.wrf,p.Prayero.aa r m Wednesday.O.VU V' " " 7, -.!..Meeting, 7:30 p. m. if may: tauuPractice, 7:30 p. m.The regular monthly meeting ofthe Mission Band of the Christianchurch will be held Sundays afternoon in the church parlor at 2.o0o'clock. This is the last meeting ofthe year, and memhers are asked: tobring alback dues. The picnic willbe given later, when Bobby Hapgoodcomes. "In Lenin's claim of ultimate worlj :ntn hP Savs nothing: aboutconquering Ireland. Syracuse Her-i j :am. . . v 'A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County Clerk PearcePaton to Charles Edwards, aged fiftynine, and Mrs. Ruth Edwards, fortythree, both of Bourbon county.Both had been married previously,but divorced.SPECIAL OFFERINGSSummer Footwear in All the New Styles atPrices Lowest in YearsPARIS LAWRENCEMillard Lawrence, 25, of Carlisle,and Miss Laura Paris, 19, of Lexington, came to Paris, Wednesday,and were married at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. C. H. Greer,pastor of the Paris Methodist church.They returned to Carlisle Wednesday night, where they will reside. -LEACH LETTONA marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk-P-earce Paton to Thomas Letton, 24, son of Mr. and Mrs. RubeLetton, and Miss Mary Leach, 22,hoth of Bourbon county. The youngpeople shortly afterward went tothe residence of Jtev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church,where they were united in marriage.They will for the present "make theirhome with the groom's parents, onthe Jackstown road, near Paris.oBIRTHS.At Centerville, Tuesday, to the.wife of Arthur McLain, a son-.christened Stanley Thappeus.o 'WOOL!Again this popular shoe store offers thisnext week the most wanted summer stylesin footwear for the entire family at pricesthat will save you one-third of your shoemoney.See These Wonderful Values on Sale" 2jft-feaLadies' White Canvas Strap Pumps and English Lace Oxfords. $3.00 values, On sale atS1.99WE ABE IH THE MAXTET EOgWOOL. HAVE PLEJTTY OF WW!IACXS &m TWI1E. . uMm"rm -f uuaBt w JjatfBMA WmftKwtLadies' Newest Summer Styles in Brown andBlack Kid Strap Pumps and Lace Oxfordswith brogue dasign. Rubber heels. Valuesto $6.00. On sale atw3B99.jLadies' $5.00 English Kid Lace OxfordsV.$2.99Ladies' High Grade Beautiful Style Suedesin black and brown, satin straps. BrownKid. A wonderful selection. U7.Q0 and$8.00 values. On sale at$4.9$ - $5.95'Men's $7.00 Rich Shade Tan Shoes and Oxfords. Rubber heels. On sale at$4.95Men's Brogue Oxfords in Tan Russia alf.Rubber heels. $8.00 values. On sale at$5.95Men's, Boys' and Youths' Elk ScoutJ Shoei,$3.00 values. On sale at$1.99Children's Play Oxfords, in tan leather, lacestyles. Sizes 6 to 11. On sale at$1 .69Children's Gun Metal Strap Slippers, sizes8 toll. On sale at$1.99""kii .DANParts! rJEtoeiftst Shoe.SlorcCOM ENjWho Itwrty ani CcmayRcJjMtir,-ii- f, t--i. J,s . -" 1JL- K-se--.' -i T;- ,v xy.jri ''Y - .; 1 -"-,f Jk . v" X '$0-$JMt&HsT"YTrV .atrtv -i -?-x,K'&&&&?s..rfVA-4 v,-'A:rt.-, t3$.,S'yA. -" ! J,-iX6.. ' -v Z w; rf