-Ki:vrt-J-THEiVOLUME XLIEVERY TUESDAY Axrri mmwx, "' ';1 " ' " '- rJ.w xxwx ux this lEAR. "" .PUBLISHEDCO-OPERATIVE PLAN WINS MOREPLEDGESThat the Burley tobacco growersQf.JKentucky are taking hold 'inearnest of the Sapiro plan of co-operativemarketing is evidenced bythe fact that atotal of 19,000,000pounds of the 1921 crop, repre-oeuLiug inirty-one counties, hasbeen pledged to the Burley Co-operativeMarketing Association, nowin process of formation, accordingto the statement Saturday of Secretary "Wallace Hughes, in charge ofthe headcfuarters of the organization in Lexington.And the intensive two-weekscampaign, whch was inauguratedyesterday in approximately twenty-vuunues or tne Burley district andenergetically pushed in every votingprecinct by special committees,which have been assigned to thisphase of the work, is expected to addat least 50,000,000 pounds more tothe volume already subscribed.The bulk of the 19,000,000 poundsalready pledged came from the bigBurley producing counties of BourTon, Fayette, Shelby, Carroll, Woodlord, Madison and Bath.So far Bourbon county holds theTeosjrd for the" largest number of-pounds signed up, and that counTylias not been thoroughly canvassed-yet. However, Chairman SamuelClay and his-committee declare thatthey will be able -to largely increasethe quota of the county.Four different meetings were held'Saturday In various sections of the'State, at which the co-operativemarketing plan was fully explaia'ed to the growers by able speakers.The following Bourbon countyrgrowers represented the local branchof the Association at the Lexingtonmeeting: Chairman Sam Clay, Jar.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST. 1S21LOTCITY COUNCIL DONATESEOR PLAYGROUNDSA committee composed of Mrs.James McClure, Sr., Mrs. Wade H.Whitley and Dr. M. H. Dailey, representing the local Community Service, appeared before the City Council nf lCS -an4- l!t icui meeting, ana requested the use of the city lot, onHouston avenue, as a playgroundsfor the children of Paris. After discussion City Attorney Denis Dundon was instructed to draw up acontract giving the Community Service tne use of the lot forBASE BALL GAMESIn, a slugfest at the Second streetparkSaturday afternoon between the'.Fans Ruggles team and the Winchester Hustlers, the former came out" vie-torious by the score of 18 to 15 in agame full of hits, runs and errors.Those who attended voted it one ofthe most remark-able exhibitions ofthe great national game they had witnessed in many years.In the full nine innings of the gainthirty-three runs were made, twenty-six nits andAUTO SPEEDER ARRESTED ANDUNED.Theinirteen errors wetePlav- RP.orp.rT hv fhtx om.v... t- 4.errnnnrlR mirnn, n 1,: " "" "u""l', wiiu fiULj,ult,uuvo, uci iaiu rtJSLnctions were made whereby the useof the lot could again revert to thecity. The erection of sleds, swinraand other forms of amusement f orchildren, with tennis courts for theolder ones -will go forward at once.At the same meeting the Councilconferred police powers and authority on Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League. ThACouncil also decided to appoint twoextra patrolmen 'on the police forceto do traffic du,ty, and see that theautomobile ordinances regardingparking, speeding, etc., are strictlyenforced. A committee of threemembers appointed to select the newoffiqials named. W. G. McGoldrickand Orie Feeback, who were appointed and sworn in.HSHING CLUB WILL CONTRACTFOR SITEAt a meeting of stockholders ofthe Bourbon Fishing Club, held atthe court house Saturday afternoon,the committee having the matter in.charge was instructed to close acontract with Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr. for a tract of land adioinine-. - .. i- -jicwure, br., jno. w. Bell, Edward her residence on the GeorgetownBuTke, Warren Rogers, W. D. Mc-jroad, twomiles from Paris, proyidIntyre, James M. Caldwell, Julian ' in the reports of Engineers JamesFrank, Joe Penn Redmon, A. S.3er and Ernest Darnaby.Mil-EDUCATORS VISIT LEXINGTONWilson and W. I. Kelley, of Louis-jville, are favorable.From tests already made it isthought the land mentioned willmeet every reauirement. A commit-County School Superintendent J. 'foo WJ, aTmninteA tn flraw nn hv.B. Caywood, Prof. J. Wilbur Lancas- laws to be submitted for approvalter, principal of the Millersburg ' and adoption and then printed.Graded School, M. E. Pruitt, of Mil- I Tne flng iake will cover anlersurg, and members of the Bour- 'a 0f several acres, and will neceshon County Board of Education . sitate the buiiding 0f a large confrere in Lexington, &araraay reu- crete dam A ciubhouse will alsoTesentingthe interests of the schools be erected. It was originally proin selecting judges for the livestock posed t0 build tbe fishing lake onfudging, contest for the Junior Agrl-7- of jg Rogers, on thecultural Clubs of the States (Lexington road, near Paris, but te5lsmade showed it. to be unsuitable forHAIL STORMS COMINGINSURE YOUR.AGAINST DAMAGESTORMS WITH(1-tf) YERKES & PEED.TOBACCOBY HAILa lake, the engineers'would not hold water.claiming itATTENTION, TOBACCO GROWERS.We Know HowCOOLALT, WHO ARE DESIROUS OPSIGNING THE CO-OPREATIVE7 BURLEY TOBACCO MARKETINGASSOCIATION CONTRACT AREASKED TO CALL AT THE OFFICES.AT THE COURT HOUSE, WHERETHEY WILL BE RECEIVED WITHALL COURTESY. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SEE EVERONE IN PERSON. l YOU ARE INTERESTEDIN THE CONTRACT TO THAT EXTENT; CALL AT THE OFHCE ANDSIGNUP. .(26-tfGY. M. C. A. NOVESandRefreshing!No, It Isn't a Drink, Butan Easy, BreezyPalm BeachSuitAnd you want that feelingthat comes only from beingcomfortable.In accordance with plans formulated at the Y. M. C. A. the gymnasium season is soon to begin. Thevojley ball program will be a givfna start to-morrow. Basket Ball and) the regular Young Mens' Class willbegin early in September. Plansare now under way for inaugurating a city basketball league. The5 boys' gymnasium classes will openI on September 8.I At the meeting of the Y. M. C. A.'membership committee, heldvrecentlyat the Y the score stood: Blues, 50points; Beds, 0. Immediately aftarthe meeting the Blues turned in 120additional points, making their total170. It was reported, howevee,that the Reds had something uptheir sleeves, which tney wouiaspring in time on their opponents.It was decided to extend the campaign into this week and to add additional workers to each team. LouisMeglone was leading in the individual contest at the last report.nervous prostration and writer'scramp from the unusual strain ontheir fingers. "The Hustlers kept Pausscoreless until the fifth inning, whenthe home team caught their battingeyes and scored thirteen runs. Theumpires had to call time so the scorekeepers could catch up with the tallies. Home runs were made by Ballard and Ellis, of the Hustlers, andDy mrnett, woods and Brewsaugh,of the Ruggles team. The outstanding feature of the game was thepitching of Mann, of thl Rugglesteam, and the fine work behind thehat by Catcher Carter, for Paris.The batteries were: For Paris:Camparoni, Caywood, Mann andCarter; for Winchester; EllisVanWinkle, McCord and Thos3.Umpires, Sweeney and McDermott;Attendance, 800.Despite the threatening weather,and the promise of more rain, alarge crowd was out to witness thegame at the Second street park Sunday afternoon between the Cynthi-ana and Ruggles teams. The gamewas a hotly contested one for bothteams, resulting finally in a victory for the Cynthiana team by thescore of 7 to 6. The whining runwas put across the plate by Cynthiana in the ninth inning. Up tothat time the score had been tied,with both teams making erojig eiforts to play safe by a margi.itOwing to the rains of the night andmorning the slippery outfield madepiays aimcuity, out tne neidersgave a good account of their positions. The features of the gamewere the fielding and batting ofIngels, for Cynthiana, a former BlueGrass League star, and home runsby Mann and McFarland, for theParis team. Monroe Sweeney umpired. The attendance was estimated at about 1,500. The scoreby innings: "RHIJCynthiana .000 003 301 7 11 6Paris .. ..002 000 022 6 9 1At a meeting of managers ofNorthern Kentucky baseball teamsheld at Bellevue, Ky., last week theKentucky State Baseball Leaguewas formed, with twelve clubs takingmembership. A series of championship games will be played betweenthe different clubs composing thsLeague, the schedule to be arrangedat another meeting. It has beendefinitely decided the following clubswill be in the League: LexingtonReos; Bellevue; Covington Athletics; Ludlow White Sox; Ludlow fv.of C; Latonia Holy Cross; NewportI. O. O. O.; Falmouth; Mayslick;Irvine; Paris Ruggles; Williamstown. The first game, of the serieswill be played at the Secpntf streetpark in this city, next Sunday af-SpeedOmeter On fha manliinaElmer Ullman was driving on Pleasant street Sunday night, evidentlyworked overtime" in io 0t,oclurked the vengeance of the law inthe persons of Special Traffic Patrolmen McGoldrick and Feeback,On sped the speeder and close inPursuit came the limbs of the lav.The law was the quicker, and Ullman was overhauled. Explanationswere useless at that time. The codswere tnere for the business of apprehending speeders, and there wasno room for argument.Ullman was brought before PoliceJudge Martin in the Police Courtyesterday morning, and after hearing of testimony, was fined $7.50.under the provisions of the city ordinance which he had violated. Thefine was paid into the city's exchequer and Ullman was released fromcustody. This is but'a 'sample ofwhat the speed-burners may expectfrom now on, as the authorities aredetermined to enforce the 'law.Since the completion of Pleasantstreet that thoroughfare, as well asothers in the city, has been thespeeder's delight. Feeling themselves safe and immune from apprehension because of the fact thatit was impossible for any one patrolman to thoroughly patrol thestreet, they have persistently violated the city ordinances and almostflaunted their speed in the faces ofthe residents of those streets. Lifeand limb became unsafe, and gasoline was king of the road. Now itis all to be changed. At the recentmeeting of the 'City Council, OrieFeeback and W. G. McGoldrick wereappointed and sworn in as- specialtraffic officers, with strict instructions to watch for and apprehendall violators of the city ordinancesin regard to speeding, parking, etc,and to play no favorites. This theofficers intend to do, and it will beto the interest of autoists inx thiscity to look after their speedometerswhen these officers are on the trail.TOBACCO CAMPAIGN IN HFEEENCOUNTIES.AGED CITIZEN DIES SUDDENLY.Mr. Nathan Goodman, one of thebest-known citizens of Paris, droppeddead about one o'clock yesterdayafternoon at his home on Walkeruvenue, atten naving just rei.ur.ueu.from an automobile trip to thecountry. -Yesterday morning Mr. Goodman,in company with Thomas A. McDonald and Samuel Ewalt, rode out toV.O farm at. Mt. Carmel. in thiscounty, where they spent part of theday. Mr. Goodman was apparentlyin the best of health, ond was Uhis usual good humor, laughing andtalking with the others. They returned home about noon. After dinner Mr. Goodman got up from thetable, and remarked that he did notfeel very well. While in the act vhanging his c6at on a hook on thewall, he gasped, fell over, anL expired before members of the familycould reach his side. Physicianswere hurriedly summoned, but thsvital spark had fled.Mr. Goodman is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Moljie Kendall Good-A concerted drive' is about fifteenoe tne leading Burley producingcounties of the Bluegrass with theview of greatly increasing theamount of pledged tobacco is plannelby leaders of the Co-operative Mar-,keting Association, who held a nnJference at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington. The meeting was called' bv JamesC. Stone, vice-chairman of the organization committee of the association,and Joseph Passonneau, organization, manager, and the chairman ofthe fifteen counties which are to becanvassed in the drive are attending.It is is reported that a concerteddrive by precincts will result in securing pledges of several millionpounds. Plans for this drive r ho.ing perfected and from the interest manifested by those present ftwill be put on with plenty of energy and vim.Yesterday was the date suggestedfor the commencement of the proposed drive, which is to continue twoweeks, or up until Sept. 1, by -whichtime it is believed that at least 25jper cent, of the crop willbe signedup in these counties.Following. are the counties to becovered in this intensive two-weeks'drive: Fayette, Woodford, Montgomery, Scott, Franklin, Jessamine,Bourbon, Harrison, Madison, Mercer.Fleming, Bath, Nicholas, Clark andShelby, accoording to announcementmade at the association headquartershere.At Ruddles Mills last Thursdaynight Attorney Wade H. Whitley,or Paris, who is interested in" tobacco growing and the success ofthe co-operative marketing plan,addressed a large crowd of enthusiastic tobacco growers in the interest of the plan. At the close of themeeting contracts .were signedpledging over 50,000 pounds of tobacco. This makes 3,500,000 poumlaot the weed signed up in Bourboncounty, covering 3,500 acres.KENTirCKY 1F0LES VJMmm titNEWYOZT.The New Yorlt correepomta .Sunday's Courier-Journal ka tfcfollowing notes of interest toand Bourbon county people: ."Among the Kentuckiana visit!in New York are Mr. ud Mrr. J.G. Rogers, of Paris, Ky., who, are- enjoying- the sights of the metrfifand spending some time at the er-by seashore resorts."Friends of Immigration Commie--sionerFrederick A. Walli, formerly "of Paris, Kentucky, who were masuccessful in having him acceptedan anti-Tammanjr candidates forMayor of New York Cifcr tY thcoalition forces, are now npijderstoet -tobe bringing pressure to 'bear, tohave him designated in the Deesocratic city primaries as a candidatefor the nomination for President eeTHie .Board of Aldermen. Local eatKentuckians were much disappointwhen Borough President of Manhattan Henry H. Curran was decided oto lead the Fusion ticket, in tfcmayoralty election this fall insteeof Mr. Wallis, who had bee&. prominently mentioned as a suitable.ee.didate in every way to head tb Fa- 'sion ticket, and it is expected that ,place will be found for the latter omthe ticket before it is submitted tothe voters on primary day."NOTICE TO PATEOHSI will be away from my office rm.the Bourbon-Agricultural BankTrust Co. building for two weksafter to-morrow, Wednesday, Auy.17. Patrons will please take notice.(16-2t) DR. H. E. MATHERS.ATJTO DOES SLOPPAEIS HEALTH BOARD AGAINWARNS PUBLIC . ,Paris, Ky., Aug. 11, 1921.TO THE PUBLIC:Is your 'water for drinking anddomestic purposes from hydrant,spring, cistern or well? It mattersnot, either may become j$ontaranatecand if so dire results might follow.We have no typhoid or other serious intestinal troubles at present,and to avoid such conditions youare again urged to boil all waterused for above purposes.By of der of the Board.. ' A. H. KELLER,(augl2-3t) Health Officer.While driving in an automobileon the Paris and Cynthiana pike,near Paris, Sunday, Mr. G. F. Rice,of Maysville, representative of thLeggett & Myers Tobacco Com.pany, and Miss Price, of Cincinnati, were thrown out and.injured when the machine swervedfrom the road, and turned" over.Frank Lloyd, who was driving themachine, escaped injury. . MidaRicseverely -bruised about the back and,shoulders. They returned to Paris,where their injuries received medical attention, and proceeded on theirsway, to Cynthiana. The car was dnlrslightly damaged, and was in comdition to take the party to Cynthi-ana.igrice "sustained a broken 'nosewas severely bruised. Mr.FRANK &COf ILADIES' OUTFITTERSman. and four daughters, Mrs. Solternoon, with the Paris Ruggles a ad Current, Mrs. Addie Duvall, Mrs.tne uovmgton Atnietics as contend- !!, -triqpr Mrs. Sallie McDonald,ers for the skinned diamond honors.It is the intention of Manager M.B. Jackson, of the Ruggles team, toimprove the local park by enlargingthe grand stand, improving the diamond, and in various other ways toadd to the comfort of the fans. Theattendance this season has prove-lof Paris; one sister, Mrs. busaaGreen, of Paris, and three grandsons,Thomas A. McDonald, Homer Kiser,and Dr. Avonia E. Kiser, all ifParis.ThP. funeral will be held at thefamily home on Walker avenue, atthree o'clock,Vto-morrow (Wedne?-conclusively that Paris people still day) afternoon, with services contake a deep interest in the game,and the citizens are giving the Ruggles team loyal support.oREV. BUTHEREOUD DOUGLASMAY SUCCEED GANFEELDducted byvRev. C. H. Ureer, pastorof the Paris Methodist cnurcn. xneinterment will follow .on the familylot in the Paris Cemetery.. o-Before you start on that! -mksING WOMAN RETURNED TOvacation trip, come in andse- HER HOME.leer your neeas irom ouri .. .Capt. V. G. MUliiKin, oi -uexiut,-ton, and his bloodnounas were uau-stock of.Wardrobe Trunks,: Hand BagsSuit Casesin fact, anything youneed on a vacation trip.MITCHELL &jujutaiviicxof?e TT'rirJfiv TnnrninE: by aresident of the Bethlehem Vicinity,-whose wife had .mysteriously disappeared from home Thursday. It waslearned shortly after that thewoman was not in Paris. and thetrailers were not needed.According fo information giventhe authorities the woman had beenill for several days, and while temporarily, deranged, left her room,.making her way out "of the houseand wandered from, the -home to afarm on the' same pike.rt She wasfun ttfere-byfceriff WiU.fK-iMc-CliMtock;vwo brtshter-to Pr3.' ppImnT'Imc hprtnuid irCL $of br Tereabwtjilkeanie.to mrteZTjZ.The trustees of Centre College, whowill be called upon next fall to namea 'successor to Dr. W. A. Qanfield,who is to resign as president, areknown to be considering the Rev. DrRutherford E. Douglas, pastor of ttiePresbyterian Cchurch at Macon, Ga.Dr. Douglas, a native Kentuckian,and a nephew of Rev. Dr. E. H.Rutherford, deceased, beloved pastorof the Pans Presbyterian church,has been mentioned for the positionby many friends and at other places.Dr. Douglas has been in Georgiatwenty years. He has lived in acollege atmosphere, his friends pointout, and is well qualified to assumethe duties of president of Centre. Hfather and grandfather were presidents of Centre College. Many ofthe descendants of these who studied under them are now attending theschool.Dr. Rutherford Douglas and Mr?.Douglass are now visiting inLouisville, as the guests ofMrs. Frances r! Beattie and MissSunnie Saiterwhfte. Dr. Douglaswill 'visit "Danville before return?ingi to Macon.1 iOur buyers have just returnedfrom the Eastern Markets andwe are now showingiTZh.Advanced Fall anU IWinter Models .:'AJ2T-VwJ-STEAM BOLLER TURNS TURTLE.The big steam roller being usedin reconstruction work on Highstreet bv the Henry Bickel Co.,struck an obstruction on the streeton High, near Fourteenth, yesterday, turning turtle, and throwingthe driver, James Mallaney, underthe big machine, pinning him down.In the rebound Mallaney was -3-leasedand scrambled to safety,with but few bruises to marhr h'smiraculous escape. , When 'the machine turned over the steam pipesburst, . throwing a cloud of steaaiinto the home Logan Ayres, colored, nearby, and forcing tne occupants to flee from the house. Thamachine was righted and resumedwork.-oATTENTION, TOBACCO GROWERS-ALL WHO ARE DESIROUS 0SIGNING THE - CO-OPERATIVEBURLEY TOBACCO .JLARKETIgGASSOCIATION CONTRACT AREASKED TO CALL AT THE OFI1UIN THE COURT HOUSE,. WttJSJftfrin'.CoatsSuitsDressesSkirtsV$Ffs3rA -V 4THEYWILL BE-REOTVmTHATX COURTESY. TO B DETO&lBLE TO SEE EVEBONE TJf 1KB--- mm wam ! nnrawmmWe cordially invite you tocome in and inspect .thesethese models .A -h& '- f-- mm . -ft?-&$ ia-a-.-f' H.yHa"SHOP AT f-lfcfcAMrJ-?-" i rr- w Wm 'iW?f"MtJt'. . IB- '- - ' .'C t- irr'- 'sdF 'rUiV-mm. is xw alTflt TIMII JpAhr. a, -J- -- - -.ffHzfPttW'tCATS. AT 1W jfeUP. IWMf1 -t&r n-tT .jV' IH M M MM MMtd took 4hm wmm J. Hr !;fvi A i .,.., , . .J. ijm$mmmmmmmmmTiATJmEtAV ir PAGE TWOTHK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, RENTUCKtXUSBJUJAY, AUUUT llfHt 4-" Ji."1' 'Ill.hV-v -'?. tltM?i?te3TS"F.frVat, fcy4V 1IDE BOURBON NEWSIffatUi bed 188140 Years of Continuous PublicationPmWished Every Tuesday and Friday, Yetr. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.ftstetsred at tlie Paris, Kentucky,Postofflce as Mail Matter of tlieSecond Class.)fiX F0BEIGN KEPEESENTA-; TIVES.Hew York American Press Asso-flkk&go Lord & Thomas.'Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atknta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Iowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perteck for first time; 50 cents per Inchsubsequent insertion.Moilnc Notices, 10 cents per lineissue: reading notices in blackfcTjs, 39 'cents per line, each lssus.Csris of thanks, calls on canditatts, obituaries and resolutions, andatsMlar matter, 10 cents par line.special rates for large advertiseeteats aad yearly contracts.Tfce rigkt of pvblisher is reseivedte 4et11iP any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.AMsouncements for -political officeslast invariably be accompanied byae cask.Amy erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwhich nay appear in the' columns ofOTH BOURBON NEWS will be gladlysnected if brought to attention oftke alitor. ,, ..,,,.., : !THE DEMOCRATIC TICKETMUMr BBBsl I V-For Circuit Judge' . , ROBT. LEE STOUT.'K 'For Commonwealths' Attorney.f ' VICTOR BRADLEY- For Oircuit ClerkW1I. H. WEBB.' "For Representative, JAMES H. THOMPSONy .--;For .County Judge-- , GEORGE BATTERTON.-'" For County AttorneyD, D. CLINK,'T 'JFb't County Clerk1 - PEARCE PATON." JFor Sheriff ,.M. PEALE COLLIER.For Tax Commissioner. 7 BEN WOODFORD, JR.For JailerJAMES E. TAYLOR.t For" CoronerRUDOLPH DAVISt- For MayorE. B. JANUARY.For Councilmen (First Ward W. W. MITCHELL,DR. WM. KENNEY, GEORGE D.SPEAKES.Second Ward FRANK SKILLMAN, B. J. SANTEN, CURTIS.HENRY.Tliird Ward GEORGE L. DOYLE.MAGISTRATES"Paris Frank P. Lowry."Millersburg E. P. Thomason.Little Rock R. H. Burris. "North liddletown J. S. Talbott.Clintonville Lee Stephenson."Hutchison J. W. Bell.,Centerville J. N. Shropshire."Buddies Mills R. O. Turner.-SAYS THE MEN ARE CUTTINGCLOTHES EXPENSEThe fancy silk shirts and sox, andUoud, expensive cravats 'of the warprosperity period are doomed-to giveway to cotton, lisle and plain knitted good, because men are slashingtkeir clothes bills, haberdashers, toldtke board of review at Chicago whenquestioned about their personalyroperty taxes. '"Moat of the dealers say that thtirata of their stocks is decreasing"fceoaMse of public demanding a cheapjjasie of aroodaj' -teEDITORIAL 3PNGS OF THIS,THAT EN T0THER. vs '. .Say, people, if that X-ray contraption for taking picures throughwalls works well, the gold fish won't4have anything on us for privacy.This is the plaint of a Paris manwhose flivver was stolen recently:"He who steals my lizzy steals junk,which hardly enriches him, yet leavesme poor indeed."Prices of food and clothing are notyet far enough down to suit the fellow who finds consolation in the factthat, if you know the ropes, you canbuy a case of perfectly good whisk vfor $60 to $70..It is said that anyone who operatesa typewriter all day does more phy.3-ii;ai iauur man a cioa carrier, but thetrouble is so many of them cannotoutspell the hod carrier while outshinning him in physical exertion."Mr. Mellon says expenses must becut $250,000,000." Eyeryone saysexpenses must be cut, and whateveryone says recalls Mark Twain's(observation about everyone talkingabout the weather and nobody doinganything about it.Statistics have been publishel toshow that at least one stenographerout of every ten marries her employer, which statistics prove conclusievly that one employer out of everyten quits the dictating.John Schumaker, of Clark county,was charged with the murder of hisfather just in time to save Kentuckians the humiliation of discussingthe state of savagery existing in Indiana, where a young man has beencharged with killing his mother.'Now that "the perfect marriage"has run a short course to the divorcecourt, Geraldine Farrar should forcethe press agent to amit that hewas the author of all that she wasreported as saying about how tomanage a husband, escpecially one ofthe Lou Tellegan sort.A generation ago a man of average means who fell ill was waitedupon by his sisters, his cousins or hisaunts. Nowadays he has a trainednurse who costs a good deal morewhen her fee is the whole cost, andwho may break his heart or shbothim for breaking hers.William Deans Howell once saidthat a man who could not write savewhen inspired was not likely to accomplieh anything in literature. laother words the man who cannotwrite a furnace adevrtisement witha punch in August is the sort of manto grind out the problem novel ofthe year every year. ?9 9 9A piece of ice stood wasting 'awayin the sunlight at the corner (.Main and Fifth street the other day.Two Paris women "stood talking bo-side the cake of ice. During halfan hour they, conversed about clothes,the movies and their neighbors.Neither one uttered a single wordthat helped or informed the other.Women and ice wasting away in thevsunlight.Nothing is as it used to be, norever will be again, worse luck. Thepoets are becoming unintelligible,there is neither wet nor wit in theclubs, and the price of relieving thedrouth is the only really prohibitivething about prohibition. What saJthe genial old Parisian: "J oftenwonder what bootleggers buy onehalf so precious as the goods theysell."-A woman stood at the corner of acertain Paris store, the other afternoon, and during many minutes bullied and hectored a salesgirl becauseshe could not match a ribbon. Atlast she said: "I think you must''bevery stupid, or else your stockJ ispoor, if you can't find what I want,I'm a mind to report you." The girllooked very tired, but she smiled andobserved: "My feet hurt me, too.If you go and sit down and rest fora while maybe I can find what youwant before you come back." She did.New York's opinion of Kentucky, election practices may be gatheredfrom the following paragraph in theNew York Evening Post: j"The supply of dollar bills in thebanks of Perry county, Kentucky, issaid to have been exhausted, owingto the demand for their use in buying votes in the primary election. Itis surely time that the price of vote3came down."Are we mistaken in reading thatthere is not so much indignation withthe alleged debased state of morals inPerry county as contempt for thepaltriness of the premium? No selfrespecting man would tender a dollartip in New York without an apology.'-O-GETTOGETHER OEAID LABOR.CAPITALIn reply to a newspaper requestfor 100-word statement as to howcapital amd-iebarfc can. best get together; Secretary Darig wired frosta:' . . ,'"Tfirie Hfesglreft words too .FINDS PERUVIANGOLD ON ISLANDMan Who Befriended Beggar IsRewarded With Key toBuried Treasure.ROMANCE IS NOT YET DEADLocates After Search of More ThanSeven Years Gpld Hidden Half Century Ago Church Despoiledby Four Sailors.Papeete, Tahiti. Romance is notyet dead. Tales of buccaneering, murder on the' high seas, buried gold onlonely, uninhabited islands and chartsand cryptograms of hidden treasuretrove are not all inventions of imaginative minds or legends of a daywhich is long past.Such a tale is that of the treasureof the island of Pinaki, whose hidingplace, after a patient search of morethan seven years, has at last beendiscovered. And now a schooner fromTahiti has been dispatched to bringaway the golcL iSapors Despoil the Peruvian Church.A half century ago four sailors, deserters from a coastwise vessel,joined revolutionists in Peru andlearned of a vast treasure of jewels,plate arid ingots, the property of thechurch, which had been hidden in Peruto prevent it from falling into thehands of one of the warring factions.Secretly, the sailors searched for thetreasure, found it concealed in achurch and moved it to another hidingplace on the coast.Going to Panama, the seafarers, atnight, boarded a small schooner, murdered the crew and, after putting thetreasure aboard, set sail across thePacific, Intending to make some European port later to dispose of theirwealth. Recalling that they had noclearance papers and probably couldnot enter a European port safely, theydecided to hide the gold on some uninhabited Island and then get it laterin a vessel they would charter at Sydney, N. S. W., for trading purposes.Across their path lay the island ofPinaki, in the Paumotu archipelago ofthe south seas, and at this uninhabitedspot they stopped and hid their loot.One native, who observed them froma neighboring island and rowed acrossto see what the men from tlie strangeschooners were doing, was killed andhis tribal brothers, who crossed later,found only his empty canoe andstrange markings on the trees.Sailing on to Australia, the fourscuttled their vessel a few miles fromshore and, rowing to land, told of astorm at sea which opened the seamsof their ship. Not all believed them,for some residents had seen the shipapproaching and had witnessed itsmysterious sinking. There were nopolice, however," in that section, andas the four looked desperate, theywere permitted to strike out overlandfor Sydney unmolested.Beggar Divulges Hiding Place.In 1914, years later, a Mr. Howewas accosted on a Sydney street by anaged beggar. Howe gave the man afew shillings and was surprised tohear the man ask his name and address. Some time later Howe received an urgent summons to a Sydney hospital. There he found the beggar, who told of how he and threeothers had -buried their treasure, hadsailed on to Australia and had set outoverland for Sydney. Blacks had attacked them and killed two of thesailors. The beggar and his survivingcompanion, Brown, tried for years toget a ship to go for the treasure, butnever obtained money enough. Brownfinally disappeared, and he, Killrain,had fallen into misfortune and knewhis end was near. He gave JBowe amap of the Island, begged him to believe the story and to search for thetreasure. The following day the beggar died.Since then Howe has been searching for the treasure, and lately announced that he had found it in ashallow lagoon on Pinaki. Lately hechartered a schooner at Papeete togo to lift the gold after making acontract with the colonial governmentas to his rights in the matter. It issaid the" treasure is worth several million dollars.Drowned in Swimming Hole.Lewistown, m Mrs. Dave Shaw,,thirty-five, her. two children, Ruth,fourteen, and Dorothy, twelve, ' andCharles Lofley, an elderly man, uncleof Mrs. Shaw, were drowned in a poolon the Shaw farm, six miles west ofCanton.Surgeons Sew Up CutInch Long in HeartNew York. Four stitcheswere taken in the heart of FrankFarino, sixteen, stabbed accidentally. The wound was aninch long. After the operation,performed through an openingmade between two ribsj Farinoasked to sit up. Doctors arehopeful for his recovery. The.oneration required 35 minutes.vstitcbeg behig taken pnly when J5 l?5 nefUL wu guauiictea. 'jut.- Jainee M: ;Dpwrr and 'Dr.'rGereiiQ Doyle 4pjrforined thc $ENDURANCE TEST.. t FOR SADDLE HORSESTo Be Held Undefr Supervision ofGovernment Agencies Five-Day Test Over 300-MileCourse.Army men and others who are aliveto the country's acute undier-supplyof first class cavalry and generalutility horses, as the shortage of themwas brought painfully to light duringthe recent World War, are looking forward to the Endurance Test for saddlehorses set for next October.This test, designed to promote thebreeding of more and better worktypes, and to improve the materialsuitable for army mounts, is to be avery severe one, conducted by representatives of the War Department,Army Remount Service and theBureau of Animal Industry, Department of Agriculture, along with thoseof our,? great institutions maintainedin the interest of pure bred horses,including the American Remount Association, Thoroughbred EnduranceTest Clulb, National Saddle HorseClub, Arabian Horse Club of America,National Steeplechase and Hunt Association and American Hackney HorseSociety. Also, its conditions make theEndurance Test of special interest toKentuckians.The distance (300 miles crosscountry) will Te traversed sixty milesa day for five consecutive days, regardless of weather, over a course to beselected by the committee in charge.Each horse ehall carry no less than245 pounds, made up, according to the.rules governing, of the rider's liveweight, plus so much dead weight Inequipment.First prize will be $600, the MountedService Cup, Blue Ribbon and theArabian Horse Club Medal; secondprize, $400 and Red Ribbon; thirdprize $300 and Yellow Ribbon; fourthpnize, $200 and White Ribbon; fifthprize, .$150 and Grey Ribbon; sixthprize $100 and Black and White Ribbon. Prizes will he awarded on thebasis of 60 for condition of the horseand 40 for speed a standard thatpoints to the bottom and swiftness ofthe thoroughbred strain as the onelikely to produce the .winner.The War Department is evincingthe keenest interest, because the resultwill further the splendid work of the.Army Remount Association and theother patriotic organizations that h.aveundertaken .the work of breedingcavalry horses to answer the requirements of the army in times of peaceand its imperative demands in war.It is the opinion of experts, basedon actual experience during the WorldWar, that thoroughbred blood is necessary to the production of the cavalrymount of requisite speed, courage andendurance. Kentucky, therefore, hasa paramount interest, because thefountain-head of the purest thoroughbred strain flows perpetual in thisfavored land of ours.oEfStatements That May Be InvestigatedTestimony of ParisCitizens ?When a Paris citizen comes tothe front, telling his friends andneighbors of his experience, you canrely on his "sincerity. The statementsof people residing in far away placesdo not command your confidence.Home endorsement is the kind thatbacks Doan's Kidney Pills. Such testimony xis convincing. Investigationpioves it true. Below is a statementof a Paris resident. No strongerproof of merit can be had.Joe Kiely, proprietor shoe repairshop, 11 Seventh street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pills did me a worldof good and I take pleasure in recmmending them to anyone sufferingwith kidney trouble. I was a sufferer from kidney complaint and myback ached most of the time. Mykidneys were weak and the secretions were highly colored and contained sediment. I lost my sleep atnight as there was no let up to thepain in my back. I got four boxesof Doan's Kidney Pills at Ardery'sDrug Store and used them accordingto directions. They rid me of thetrouble entirely."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Kieley had. Foster-MilbumCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o .FLEMHTGSBTJRG MAYOR ARHESTED. Mayor O. R. Bright, of Flemingsburg, was the first man to be arrested under the new automobilelight ordinance, published there lastweek, but he succeeded in convincing the jury that he did not knowhe had only one light. He did notmake the plea that Gov. Small, ofIillinois, made, namely that as ChiefExecutive Officer of the City he wasimmune from arrest. Two other similar cases against other citizenswere dismissed. Fact is that the ordinance is merely in Jine with thestatute law,- but it has not been ob-"served or enforced, but it is hoped itmay be hereafter. .2Tavs. rILI1I1J . K.'S'SwMaiSJBL.S QSjf SSLWORDS FROMOMss fsr mr MM. IacMmgjjito'iifst-w-s3esmamsBatss2B&mm he meLouisville Man Eats Anything How.Has Gained Twenty-ThreePounds!"I have never felt better in mylife than I do now, and when I recommend Tanlac to my friends Idon't have to talk much, for it iseasy for them to see the big changethat has taken place in my condition," said Michael McCrone, 522South Clay street, Louisville, Ky."I have not only gotten rid of acase of stomach trouble and catarrhof the head which bothered me forfive years,' but I actually weightwenty-three pounds xmore than I didthe day I began taking Tanlac. Idon't believe any man ever had stomach trouble any worse than I did, andI was miserable all the time. Icouldn't' sleep much at night and gotup in the morning feeling. all wornout and unfit for work. In fact, Ilaid off from work for days "at atime."It took a large part of my salary to pay for medicines that didnot help us, and I was feeling verydiscouraged when by chance I ranacross Tanlac. After I finished mythird bottle I was feeling like abrand-new man. My catarrh wasgone, my. stomach was in first-classcondition, and I could lie down atnight and sleep like a child. I caneat anything I want now meatscabbage and other things I didri'tdare touch before. Tanlac certainlydid a hundred per cent, job forme."Tanlac is sold by all leadingdruggists. (adv)Stevenson's Prayer.Give us to awake with smiles, giveas to labor smiling. As the sun lightens the world, so let our lovingkindness make bright the house of ourhabitation. Stevenson.Old Mattresses MadeLike NewIf you have -an old mattress youare thinking about throwing away,don't do it until you have consultedus. We can make it like new at asmall cost.PARIS BEDDING CO.'Cumb. Phone 1042.Notice to the PublicDue to the reconstruction of Highstreet, in this city, and the necessityof tearing up our tracks, effectiveno rf A -ii m-icsi- O tit -rrrlll nkonilnn r-r !erations on High street.Interurban passenger cars will leaveFourteenth street two minutes laterthan the present schedule at theFifth street interurban station.Interurban freight will be received in a box car located on the sidingat Fourteenth street.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(aug8-tf)lREMODOING -REPAIRING -CLEANINGTTTTfc47.Fim STORAGE:UKoWETANfMAKEUBSKINS OF YOUR OWN CATCHGREEN & GREEN, FurriersINCORPORATED1138 S. Tkird LOUISVILLE. KY.(aug2-eow-12t)CHANGE IN HIM NOWSrpHE studious care- given by us infollowing our clients'instructions is certainto result in arrangements in harmonywith the desires ofthose who employ us.1.fsliilsfl ft w " 1p sii i"Hit "Vy5I ' Am aw iC III j,W in in 1Country Hdmv wants; aay'slzahighest oash.prioe paid.BLUE GRASS CAFE,418 Main Straec.(5-4t-pd)MILL & BROWNContractors and BuildersParis, Ky.Estimates furnished on all kinds ofbuilding work. 'Workmanship andprices guaranteed right. We makea specialty of Hardwood Flooring.Call Cumberland 'JPhones 722 or813. (jnlyl2-2mo)EIf you will visit our storethis week or look in ourwindow we can show you.One Year Ago50 pounds flour and, 100pounds sugar cost $33.00.To-dayYou can buy these and 120other items. Let us showyou.Logan Howard'The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179MISS HOLLADAYS. FAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa Specialty44 H 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II I III II ps. p. mohneyJChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISlltllttillUHMIWII1 k II 5lsfntm in'"J?HAVEGROCERIESiW?' i ji jfiisfXirf jii,i'MPW J JJJJjsVsAsst ll' Mt. set toefcer frctJ V''VT?ij .4 yuM.- -..c -t . - a.fr .I" A:'K VV"4 ""riVil' .&Jt y . , .w.:Pit.. .4dkm!&c3L?SL..-VJi'fNSSPl -wm MMgsssswi jmmm- HIPARK. aMwari - - - "3If KTOWDAT, JLT7&BT 1, 1921THE BOUKBOIf 1WBWH,SOCIAL AND PERSONAl.:"WHERE RAILROADSARE NOT WANTEDtAfghanistan Years Ago Put Up"Keep Out," "This MeansYou" Warning.Comings and Goings of ;OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.GENUINESEND ENVOY TO WASHINGTONtT . ' , 'f ' T ir. ipufhim " . n ip mEKHPRlsr9PY Ft -HflW B E? J 9B flH JIH fliF jJhEIh hE -OH.-s HtFflM-PIK- EB mf fc X'b H L - 'PB i H r.m 2 "? ' rMfl H -s- 4 Wm 4 ?dK H i Y m tHH H h S a V j ' ti" H Sk 1L. YAm 9The new sugar coated fJSQSLr m ichewing umjjo : V jwhich everybody Mw ZL1 ''likes-you wilU ylP VAX . ' PcffM -; " Jtoo. mx 1 feSS .; -i99fk2B4h"iBULLDURHAMtobacco makes 50good cigarettes for10cOJ OuunlHdt1 ' OCBUSINESS IMPROVEMENT SHOWNBY RAILWAYSWASHINGTON, Aug. 15.- Indicii;tions of business improvement areseen in the net railway operatingincome in June of the railroads ofthe United States, which amountedto $51,778,000, which was $14,697,346 more tlian in May, according toreports just filed hy the carrierswith the Interstate Commerce Commission. Earnings for June, on the basis ofthe tentative valuation fixed by theInterstate Commerce Commission forrate-making purposes under theTransportation Act, would be at theannual rate of return of 3.1 per cent,compared with 2.4 per cent the previous month. Tabulations show,iowerver, that the railroads fellshort $47,295,000, or 47.7 per centof earning 6 per cent contemplatedby the act.This was, however, the largestamount earned during any , onemonth by the railroads since lastNovember.Shifting of railroad securities nowheld by the Government to the investing public will be made possibleunder the Administration RailroadBill, James G. Davis, Director General of Railroads, told the StateCommittee on Interstate Commerce.Mr. Davis said be believed failureof the Transportation Act to giveauthority to the Railroad Administration to sell' the securities mustliave been an oversight.I' GIRLS! LEMONSWHITEN SKIN ANDBLEACH FRECKLESiX--!Squeeze, the juice of two lemonsinto a .bottle containing three ouncesof Orchard White, which any drugstore will supply for a few cents,shake well, and you have a quarterpint of harmless and delightful lemonbleach. Massage this sweetly fragrant lotion into the face, neck, armsand hands each day, then shortlynote the beauty and whiteness cfyour skin.Famous stage beauties use thislemon lotion to bleach and bring thatsoft, clear, rosy-wbite complexion,also as a freckle, sunburn, and tanbleach because it doesn't irritate.(T-tf)cWINCHESTER "BASK IS SOLDBY WITHEBSPOON ESTATEOne of the biggest deals in thefinancial circles of this section ofKentucky was consummated recentlywhen representatives of the estate ofthe late Col. N. H. Witherspoonnegotiated a contract with A. T.Wfcitt, of Clay City, Ky., for the saleof a majority of the stock of theWinchester Bank.Associated with Mr. Whitt in thepurchase of the controlling interestof the Winchester Bank are S. G.Garrett, Judge J. S. Hardwick andM. S. Courtney, of Winchester;Frank B. Russell, Louisville; JamesB. Hall and W. H. Courtney, Lexington; C. J. Davis, Cincinnati;United States Senator R. P. Ernst,Covington, and L. P. Keith, managerof Broadhead-Garrett Company, ifClay City. Mr. Whitt will becomepresident of the institution and W.R. Sphar and W. D. Strode will bevice-presidents.The Winchester Bank was foundedin 1885 by Colonel Witherspoon,who was its president from the timeof its organization to the time ofbis death last May.oTEX EICHAEI) EENEWS LEASEOff BOYLE'S THIRTY ACRESJERSEY CITY, N J., Aug. 15.Promoter Tex Rickard has renewedfor one year Ms" lease on the arenaat Boyle's Thirty Acres. Announcement of this fact was coupled withthe statement that another worldsheavyweight boxing championshipwill be staged in the arena next July.The orignal lease, granted to Rick.rd, would have expired in September.Under the terms of the new agreenent he will have use of the big structure until October, 1922. .The promoter stated that ne s intended to arrange a bout in whichJack Demp&ey wouia again defend.g title as world's champion agamicthe moat logical opponent. He wnegotiating for another contest between Deiapsey and Jib Willard, butlias stated he first must be assuredthat Wizard, can get into conditionw aid. conteat.. qW ' ? X.ntHi hii. a. New Jtmv.Believed That' Policy of Absolute Isolation From Rest of World LongFollowed by Moslem KingdomIs to Be Modified.Washington. The arrival in Washington of an envoy from Afghanistan,now perhaps the most mysteriouscountry in the world, seeking the recognition of his home land and the establishment of diplomatic relationswith the United States, seems to indicate that the policy of absolute isolation from the rest of the world longfollowed by this Moslem kingdom isto be modified. Light on conditionsin this little-known region is shownby the following communication to the.National Geographic society fromFrederick Simpich and Haji Mirza'Hussein :"The buffer state of Afghanistan,historic shock-ateorber between GreatBritain and Russia In Middle Asia,years ago put up a 'Keep Out' sign, aThis Means You' warning, to all whitemen and Christians. The land is'posted' to use a poacher's phraseposted against trade and concessionhunters, against missionaries, andagainst all military and political hunters in particular."Keep Out" Sign Up."And the 'Keep Out' sign Is still up.Today the foreigner is no more welcome in Afghanistan than he was ahundred years ago. Forbidden Lhasaitself is no more exclusive than brooding suspicious Kabul, the capital ofthis isolate, unfriendly realm otfanatic tribes, of rocks, deserts, irrigated valleys, and towering unsurveyed ranges."For reasons of foreign policy, theamir has long left the necessity ofsecluding his little-known land to thegreatest possible extent from the outside world, Only a few Europeans,mostly British, but occasionally alsoan American and now and then a fewRussians or Germans, have had permission to come into this country andto sojourn for a while in its curiouscapital. But even on such rare occasions as when a foreign engineer, ora doctor whose survices are badlyneeded, Is admitted by the grace ofthe amir, the visitor is subject to asurveillance that amounts almost toImprisonment."No ambassadors or, ministers, noteven missionaries, are permitted toreside in this forbidden Moslem land."Today no other monarch anywherewields such undisputed authority oris in closer touch with the everydaylife of his subjects. He personallyruns his country's religion, its foreignaffairs, and he even supervises muchof its commerce. He also owns andcensors the only newspaper printed inall Afghanistan,"From the World war, though hetook no active part in It, the amiremerged with singular profits. His oldand once rival neighbors, Great Britain and Russia, drawn together as allies in the world conflict, left him afree hand, and in 1919 Great Britainofficially recognized the political Independence of this much-buffeted buffer state, to whose rulers she had solong pad a fat annuity."With an area of 245,000 squaremiles, Afghanistan is, next to Tibet,the largest country in the world thatis practically closed to the citizens ofother nations. But political life atwary, alert Kabul is in sharp contrastto the meditative seclusion and classicaloofness of the pious lamas atLhasa. Amir Amanullah Khan,through his agents in India and elsewhere, is in close touch with theworld's current events; and, as thelast remaining independent ruler ofa Moslem country, now that the power of the Caliph at Stamboul is broken, he wields a far-reaching influencethroughout the Mohammedan world;also, because his land happens to liejust as it does on the map of theworld, it is plain that for a long timeto come he will be an active fowe inthe political destinies of middle Asia.Wives Distributed as Gifts."From the Persians the Afghans gotthe idea of marrying more than onewife ; but, like the Persians, too, theyhave found, to their- dismay, thatpolygamy is nowadays more expensivethan exciting."Sometimes, when the amir wantsto. favor his faithful oflicials withpresents, or perhaps to play practicaljokes in certain cases, he distributeswomen among them; but these 'gifts'often prove so troublesome that nogreat degree of gratitude is apparentamong the recipients."Amir Habibullah Khan (who wasassassinated in 1919) had a harem ofover 100 women, and among these,strangely enough, were a .few Europeans. The present amir, AmanullahKhan, has but one wife."The women of Afghanistan are,Kept In more rigid seclusion and are-mor.e closely veiled tnan' tne womenI of any otherJSfoslem land. '"The trade of Afgbanlstam IsrQOvedentirely, by caravans and islargely inthe hands of Hindus and Tadjiks.There Ufnot a mile of railroad In thekingdom, the sjsttr fearing that jstejrfE. B. Wygle and mother, of Detroit, Mich., are guests of Mrs. Nellie Highland.Miss Marie Fisher is a guest offriends and relatives in Covingtonand Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Thompsonand Mrs. Isaac C. Haley are at CrabOrchard Springs for a ten-days' stay.Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Nelsonhave returned to their home in Covington, after a visit to Paris relatives. Miss Helen Davis, daugh'ter ofMr., and Mrs. M. H. H. Davis, is visiting friends and relatives in Richmond. Mrs. D. Worthheimer and babe,of Cleveland, Ohio, are guests ofMrs. Frank Merzy, of Sixteenthstreet. " ,Mrs. Chas. A. Webber has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Lexington and Fayettecounty.Emhry Downey, of Paris, is a patient at the Nevitt Sanitarium, inLexington, where he. is under medicaltreatment.Charlton Clay and Sam ClayWard have gone to White SulphurSprings, in West Virginia, for a tendays' stay. ,Miss Mercy Parks and brother,Fred Parks, of Paris, are visitingtheir grandmother, Mrs. Paton, infJackson, Ky.William Lovell, former Parisian,of Cincinnati, is a guest at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Lovell, onEighth street.Ollie P. Carter, of the Collector's office in Louisville, was a guestof Paris friends and relatives severaldays last week.William A. Rice has returned tohis home in Cleveland, Ohio, after avisit at the home of Spears Moore, onSixteenth street.Mrs. Fxankie Morrison anddaughter, Miss Alemta Morrison, arevisiting Mr. and Mrs. James Bedford,in Atlanta', Georgia.Mr. and Mrs. H. O. James andMr. and Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald, cfParis, are at Crab Orchard Springsfor an extended stay.Mrs. A. B. Davis and daughter,Miss Laura Perry Davis, have returned to their home in Covington, aftera visit to relatives in this city.Mrs. J. Virgil Chapman anddaughter, Millie Munday Chapman,are visiting Mrs. J. W. Milliken andMiss Bettie Milliken, in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Wilderand son, Ussery Wilder, have returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Wilder, at Obannon, near Louisville. -Mrs. Hayes Cook has arrivedfrom Germany, and, with her husband, has taken rooms with Mr. andMrs. Charles P. Cook, on Cypressstreet.Mrs. Jaynes Savage, of Paris, isa patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, where she ismaking substantial progress towarcrrecovery.Miss Esther Boatright, who hasbeen ill for some time with typhoidfever, at her home on Walker avenue,has been removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital.Miss Jesse Turney, Mrs. AmosTurney, Sr., of Paris, and the latter'sdaughter, Mrs. Ezekiel Arnold, ofNewport,. have gone to Atlantic City,for a two-weeks'' stay.The Garden Club will meet itfive o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon at the home of Mrs.B. M. Renick, on Duncan avenue. The hostessasks all who care, to do so to bringflowers for the display.Miss Annie T. Miller has returned to her home in Ashland, after avisit to Paris relatives. Her sister,Miss Nannie Miller, has gone to Covington, for an extended visit to MissBettie Proctor. -Mrs. Allie Smith Dickson, cfNorth Middletown, and her guest,Mrs. H. G. Reynolds, of Paducah, thelatter president of the State Federation of Women's Clubs, have returned from a visit to Mrs. Lafon Riker,in Lexington.Misses Ruby Cantrill Shropshire,Mamie Plummer, Kittie Burberiyand Messrs. Reynold Bell and GeorgeMcLeod have returned from a delightful motor trip to MammothCave, Crystal Cave, Lincoln Farm andother points of interest in the State.(Other Personate on Page 5)OUGHT TO EASE UP BUT WECA15PT SEE IT.Money ought to ease up now prettysoon. The bankers cannot apply thescrews to legitimate business enterprise any longer with safety tothemselves, The. banks' last remaining excuse has been discountedby the action of the Federal ReserveBanks in reducing the discount rateto 5 per cent!"(In other words, the reserve ratiofor the country now actually tops80 per cent, after adding the 35 percent required against deposits, writesthe editor of Sugarman's Indicator.Here is good news for the countryat large. The extraordinary facilities extended to the bankers by theFederal Reserve Board cannot fail inmaking their accumulated reserves,already skyhigh, available to the average business man.In turn this will' mean, that millions of unemployed workers willsoon be returning to their jobs, asLbusiness picks up and ,the wholecountry gets into business 'Once more.There is every indication that theperiod of general sta'gnation hastouched "bottom never to scrape itagain in 'many moons.o .PalrSShuu'Long Known.The real designer of the parachutewai Loardo da .Vinci, ia 1500, although it t corooatioof tiM Atptror Fo -3en,f m xty as 138 Chimm aciMMtrware e4'ta1taITTiiTiPIw m vc V.v.x5i Willi mi m 5PP"-. -- .-V ,. -,::rPF S?V?: -s TP:i.v--.v... . lrAr WKraLtTSk. WDKICVQ "GaoMBfyr iMMMb, canj5 Piin-i'-i-rJHU v; 7BOUHBOli MEN HGUKE IN'PJEIOHrBITION EATDFederal authorities made anothermove in theij investigation of , therobbery July 28 of the SoutheasterExpress Comany office of 100 casesof whisky recently, when TommyBarnes, proprietor of a poolroom nt108 North Broadway, in Lexington, !was arrested on a warrant charginghim with the robbery.The arrest of Tommy Barnes involved the second member of thesame family in the raid. HenryBarnes, a brother, was arrested fourdays after the robbery when 40 casesof whisky was found in his home onthe O. L. Davis farm, near Hutchison, in Bourbon County.One bit of .. the evidence gatheredagainst Tommy Barnes were given 'out by the federal officers. According to the officials, he is the sameman who purchased 100 gunny-sacks from the -Blue Grass Commission Company the day after the rob-,bery.The 40 cases of whisky found atthe. home of Henry Barnes, in Bour-oon uounty, were in gunnysavys 'and these same sacks already havebeen identified as some of the sackspurchased by Tommy Barnes. TommyBarnes himself has been identified a.3the man who purchased the sacks,the officers declared. W. B. Talbert,head of the commission company,identified Barnes Thursday at prohibition headquarters, in Lexington.Barnes denies any complicity inthe robbery and declares that Mr.Talbert must be mistaken in his identification. Following his arrest hewas arraigned before United StatasCommissioner Charles Wiard, ofFrankfort, and his examining trialset for Tuesday morning at 10o'clock. The trial will be held inthe offices of Director Sam Collins.Barnes' bond wasjixed at $5,000. Itwas signed by Jack Gleason.The warrant, it is said chargesthat Tommy Barnes stole the missingwhisky and charges that he intended to convert the whisky to his .ownuse.Henry Barnes and Clay Rice, whowere arrested a few days after therobbery at the express office, whenthe officers, after a search of Barnes' Ihome, found 40 cases of the missing!whisky, were held to the federal '.grand jury under $5,000 bond each!on charges of possessing, transport Iing and selling whisky. Each gave'bond. fA protest against the size of thebond was made by Maury Kemp(er,attorney for the defendants, butCommissioner Wiard refused to reduce the amounts, declaring thatthe two men were "impicated in theviolation of another law that carriesa severe penalty."During the trial evidence wasbrought out, which, it is said, tended to prove that the whisky found inthe Barnes home was in bottles corresponding with those of the M. M.Dowling, Anderson county, distillerv.A hundred cases of whisky from thisdistillery were the ones stolen frouithe express office.A portion of the whisky was introduced as evidence by the government. The bottles showed that thelabels had been scratced off, as' hadthe stamps showing that the liquorhad' been bottled in bond.Neither of the accused men testified during the examining trial.They will be tried during the termof Federal Court, which will conveneat Lexington, in January."Coldln the Head"la an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh." Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the .Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead toChronic Catarrh. - ,HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE iataken Internally and acts through theBlood-on the Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing the Inflammation anarestoring 'normal conditions.'All Druggists. Circulars free."F. J. Cheney Jb Co., Toledo, .Ohio., Kaowlea c rfcht amd J"V . TI TLwon't t iBtfimliN role toiWho remembers the oM-toatjw v r. w VX. a u -rrsr HPT'i v- s'.. fcv i A m y x 'that will aidtion, polishyour throat.WRMLEYSirI.lH:ii-.Tire!I - I l-IIIMJX. mm ton Polish your teeth and moiste. J&THE FLAVOR LASTSk)7oCT.H E ULN IXEFordandFordsonTractorsSpeak For ThemselvesITMOTORRUGGLESWelding - RopairiigWe are now in a position to handleall classes of Oxy-Acetylene weldingand cutting, as well as general machine repair work.Prompt ServiceWe solicit yourthe market forEngine: Power..IANAENGINE(Incorporated)WINCHESTER, KENTUCKY(augl6-tf)Bad Enough at It Was.The baby was sitting In his go-cartand Jack was wheeling him up anddown v the sidewalk Some men passing asked him If the baby was bisbrother. Jack looked at him a moment, and then said: "Sure; "wornwouldn't catch m hauling a Strang,kid around." - tA delicious pcwermirrt"V-flavored sugar jacket around1peppermint flavored chw.ifc tftMyour appetite aod dt-your teeth aod noiste.o B122R $XLjCXRCarsCOMPANY.inquiries when inGas or KeroseneI MFG. tf.CAttAL BMkBARBER SHOPKiy3.-,4KiJ-1m. lrT'rr-- m? wo4rfdkr ioo m joVa high -acavMdtifcf immfraaapaia-a too r - cm to ekboe jftllg J ; -Ifeird Ml oC tapfludmt umbrella.irti-V i , . r-, Mmmmmfrmtmmr,1--!A,-t At-m3 'rFAGKFOTTUBBOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTOCKfTuesday, ,ADGprr it, i$nwiKi1MymwImml!1LifIfm3K33GEWAY PARH SAIE OF DU-HOC-JEKSEYS.The Bridge way Farm sale of Du-xoc-Jerseysows held August 3, nearParis, averaged nearly ?80 a headfor gilts and young sows. Practically all of the sale hogs had been raised on the farm and while the pricewas ow, they made money for theowner, Walter Meng. Mr. Meng has"been producing some of the besthogs in Kentucky, and while he hadliberal patronage from other States,a large number of the animals soldremained in Kentucky and many ofthem in the neighborhood near Mr.Meng's farm. Farmers who had soldoff their brood sows are now replacing the old scrubs and grades."with first-class registered sows.Sheriffs SaleOFHorses and Automobile !Under and by virtue of ExecutionINo. 1349 to me directed, whichissued from the office of the Clerk-of the Bourbon Circuit Court infavor of Daisy T. Isgrigg for use of3t. O. Turner, against W. S. Isgrigg,also by virtue of Execution "No..1355, in favor of Ford & Co. against3V. S. Isgrigg, I will, onMOKDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1921,at being County Court Day, at abouttthe hour of eleven o'clock, a. in.,expose to public sale to the highestnd best bidder one brown mare, 11years old; one black mare, 11 yearshotte:ORS WARNED againstLAW VIOLATIONSComplaint has been made by- several Bourbon county sportsmen thatdoves have been kiljed in this county,which is strictly forbidden by law.The dove season does not open untilthe first of September.The State Game and Fish Coaimission has a warden, Mr. A. W. Bulloc, here and with the assistance ofthe new game and fish organizations,an effort will be made to apprehendthese violators. All such who are apprehended will be given the full extent of the law, which means aheavy fine. tThe wardens will play no favoritesand not excuses will be taken. Thelaw has been published so. often thateveryone ought to be familiar withit by this time. The law is reproduced herewith, in order that" its intent and provisions may be fully understood: "No person shall, between the sixteenth day of October and the thirtyfirst day of August, both days inclusive, in any year, catch", kill, injureor pursue with such intent, anydoves, or have in possession anydoves, or any part of any dove, aliveor dead, no matter how or whsncaught or killed, whether caught orkilled in this State, or in any otherState, territory, country or place, except as provided in Section 12 of thisact."This section, under the provision ofthe same law, is as follows: ."No person shall shoot, kill, orhave in possession more, than fifteen(15) doves in any one day, betweenthe first day of September and thesixteenth day of October of any oneyear, both days inclusive. Provided,however, That any person havingDEATHS.v.BAILEYMr. J. C. Bailey, of the Farmers'Supply Co., received a message telling of the death of his father, N. G.Bailey, at Liberty, Mo. Mr. Baileywas eighty-eight years old, and wasfor many years engaged in farmingin Montgomery county. Many yearsago he moved to Liberty, Mo., wherehe resided with his daughter, Mrs.J. H. Reason.Mr. Bailey leaves one son, J. 0.Bailey, of Paris; and three daughters, Mrs. J. H. Reasor, of Liberty,Mo., Mrs. JO. N. Swango, of Birmingham, Ala., and Mrs. Henry Reason,of Lee county. The funeral and interment took place in Liberty, Mo.In Special Salehunted two days or more in succes-old; one bay mare, 8 years old; onolbloI1 um uave a lutai not LO ex"bay mare, 5 years old; also onelceed fifteen 1& doves killed - oyStudebaker automobile. Total himself for each day during sucnwimmmf Vo roicoH Frr Tinier T1 T; . "IlUIll.grigg about Two Hundred andEighty-five ($285.00) Dollars; forFord & Co., about Ninety ($90.00)Dollars.Said sale will be made upon acredit of three months, with good ment of pure white clover honeyPILCHERLewis Pilcher, 66 years old,died at his room in the Hotel Nicholas, in Nicholasville, last week.Mr. Pilcher was taken suddenly illat the court house, a physician wascalled and he was removed to thehotel where it was thought he wasrecovering. vMr. Pilcher was widely known innewspaper circles in Kentucky,having been editor and owner of theNicholasville Democrat about twentyyears ago. He has also worked 4uLexington and Louisville newspaperoffices and in Chattanooga, Tenn.He was active in politics during therecent primary.He is survived by two brothers,Thomas Pilcher, Chicago, and E. E.Pilcher, Lexington; one sister, Mrs.W. H. Pierce, Chicago. The bodywas removed to the undertaking establishment of J. B. Betts. Funeralservices were held at the grave inMaple Grove Cemetery, Saturd lymorning at 10:30 o'clock.HONEY, HONEY.We have just received a ship-and approved surety, with interestat six per cent, from date of sale.W. G. McCLINTOCK, S. B. C.(augl6-3t-T)Sheriff's SaleOFsAutomobile and Truck !fflUnder and by virtue of Execution2"To. 1330 to me directed, which issued from the office of the Clerk of theBourbon Circuit Court, in favor of3t. S.'Darnaby against Will Mitchell,I will onMONDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1921,it being County Court Day, about-the hour of eleven o'clock a. m;, infront of the Court House, expose topublic sale to the higest bidder onePord automobile, one Ford truck,the property of William Mitchell.Sale will be made on a credit ofthree months, with six per cent, interest from date of sale, the purchaser giving bond with approvedsurety, to have the 'force and effect of a judgment. Total amountto be raised on day of sale, $350.00.W. G. McCLINTOCK, S. B. C.(augl5-3t-T)Fine as canpound.(16-lt)be, at 35C. P. COOK & CO, PRESTONGeorge H. Preston, aged seventysix, a well-knownjlbitizen and gallant ex-Confederate, answered thelast great roll-call at his home onStoner avenue, at an early houryesterday morning. .Mr. Preston hadbeen ill for some time with a complication of diseases, which had notyielded readily to treatment.Mr. Preston was -a native of Mason, county. At an early age he enlisted in the Confederate cause, becoming a member of the famous cavTALBOTT WILL PROBATEDIn the Couuty Court before CountyJudge George Batterton, the last willand testament of the late Mrs. SallieFord Talbott, who died some days agoat her home on Main street, was admitted to probate. The entire estateof the testator, is left in fee to h3rhusband, W. T. Talbott, subject to alife estate of her sister, Mrs. CordieParker.A note, signed jointly by the sisters, Mrs. Talbott and Mrs. Parkcx-,accompanied the will, in which theyexpress the desire that the entire estate shouldgo to "their husband andbrother." The instrument providedfor the appointment of Mr. Talbott asadministrator, which was done.ELECTION IS OVERTHE ELECTION IS OVER. LET'SGET DOWN TO BUSINESS AGAIN.COME IN AND LIST YOUR PROPERTY FOR TAXATION RIGHTAWAY. THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT. MRS. WALTER CLARE,Tag: Commissioner.JOHN J. REDMON,(aug9-tf-T) Deputy.JUST BACKOUR BUYERS BRING AVARIETY OF SMARTGARMENTS"NEVER BEFORE DISPLAYEDIN PARIScents nr -""""& mi,u'ci " " jw .,-" airy division commanded by GeneralJohn H. Morgan, and followed th.3fortunes of the intrepid commander through the four years of strifebetween the States. At the conclusion of the war he located in Covington, where he was for severalyears in the newspaperc business.From Covington he moved to St.St. Louis, where he remained inbusiness for several years. Fromthere he came to Paris about threeyears ago. "He retired from activebusiness several years. ago.Mr. Preston was one of Nature'snoblemen, possessed of a dispositionthat made him friends everywhere.He was for over forty years a member of the Baptist church, and atthe time of his death was deaconin the Paris Baptist Church, andleader of the Men's Bible Class ofthe same church. He was a son ofBenjamin F. and Ann PenelopePreston, both of whom precededhim to the grave many years ago.He is survived by his widow,who was formerly Miss Hattie L.vrue, daughter of John Larue, ofBourbon county, and three children,Mrs. John M. Taylor, of Paris; Mrs.O. T. Poole, of Shreveport, La., andHenry Preston, of Savannah, Ga.The funeral arrangements hadnot been completed last night, pending receipt of answers to messages tothe son in Savannah, and daughtorin Louisiana.The funeral will be held at thefamily home on Stoner avenue tomorrow (Wednesday) afternoon, atfour o'clock, after which the bodywill be taken to Millersburg for interment in the Millersburg Cemetery.The pall-bearers will be: Silas E.Bedford, Charles White, Dr. D. F.Henry, Charles Greene, Frank Collier, Homer Kiser.cP. H. S. ENROLLMENTNEW LINE OFSILK DRESSESBought Under Exceptional Conditions andPlaced, on Sale at x TAtpI4:A98Xa?.MOST ARE OF A KINDAND THE RESULT OFA CAREFUL SELECTIONOF THE BEST INJSMART CLOTHESFORPARTICULAR WOMEN"WATCH FOR OPENING DATEPARIS KENTUCKY 'J,5".tr.At tlie first day's registration ofParis High School students for thefall term,, held yesterday in theSuperintendent's office, thirty-sevenwere registered in the Freshman Bsection. This is the largest firstday's registration for many years.Superintendent Lee Kirkpatrickwants all Sophomores to meet hiiiat his office to-day, and the Junioison Wednesday, and Jiopes all willcome promptly. From all indicationsMr. Kirkpatrick judges the enrollment this year will be over threehundred.PARIS BOY WINS PORKERTom Sawyer, with his rabbit foottaken from the hind leg of a graveyard rabbit, was no prouder of hispossession than was Robert Hutchison, or Fans, of his Duroc-Jerseygilt recently.Young Hutchison held the luckynumber which called for the animolm the advertising camDaien staeion the screen at the Paris Grand andThe Alamo last week by the Coldstream Farms, of near Lexington.The animal, a pure-bred registeredDuroc-Jersey, weighed about twohundred and twenty-five , pounds.The presentation was made by Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, who conducted thedrawing. Rev. Ellis and his brother,are interested in the breeding andRaising of fine hogs, on their farmnear Versailles. Mr. Ellis witnesst-dthe pictures on the screen showingin "detail the operations at the Coldstream Farm.After receiving his prize youngHutchison sold the animal to Joe B.Smith, who in turn sold it to Robertand Hackaday Parrish, sons of DaveParrimofnear AwUrlitz., . ,v ,uStylish models that are ready for earlyfall wear. Colors: Navy, Black, Sand,Gray, Brown. Actual values, $30 to$39.50.A few of them on display in our.windows 'AHARRY SIMON224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckyWFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00 -IHmh) H oT -' H . t H to Our sank , ,-.mmf W I ill "ClY aVaVal 'taci - w fiinVt;Check Protectionwithout a MachineGiven Without Costto Our 'Depositors slS9SWPim "vva timjm u4BiiiiiB v55rrTyO combat the numerous frauds caused byx "raismg" checks, we have adopteel the Pretcctu Check System. Each Protectu check has a "series of numbers lithographed in indelible ink atthe end of each check like a money order. Bycucung aevice provided with each check book,ie end can be torn so that the hivhpjf. ammmfindicated on the margin of the check represents .me maximum amount oj check. vThis special sise business check book, three checksto a page, is suitable for all business firms.Protectu checksmayalsobehadin twopocketsizes.you are conaderiner oDenincr a rfiprtir.fr ocount, by aflmeansebmeinandsee this additional8ERV1CB that we are giving free to our patrons.1QUALLY PRACmCAL FOR POCKET,DISK AND PAY ROLL USB ' IWE PAY 3 PER CENT ONSAVINGS ACCOUNTSm1' 'SVttA-Peoples Deposit BMkSmste$??m1vo --T ' "Q-4&2TX.t -v-mA-- stzjwmtXL&kr TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, XL921THE BOURDON IfKW?.- f AMS, mffUCMP ACT FITCXwj-jmj SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseADMENISTRATOR APPOINTEDIn the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton entered an official orderappointing Mr. W. T. Talbott as administrator of the estate of his wifr,Mrs. Sallie Ford Talbott, who dieihere some days ago. Mr. Talbott accepted the trust, and qualified byfurnishing bond with N. Ford Brentas surety.EARLY MORNING EIREAn alarm from Box 23 aboutthree o'clock Monday morning, called the department to the home of acolored woman, near Singer's Alley,on Eighth street, where a mattresshad in some unaccountable manner"become ignited. 'The blaze was extinguished with a chemical extinguisher. oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANMADE GOOD RACEThe Falmouth Outlook says: "J. K.Taylor, formely of this county, butfor the past ten years a resident ofParis, won the Democratic nomination for jailer of Bourbon county.He received 1,599 yotes in a field of6ix candidates and had a majority of694 over his nearest opponent. Mr.Taylor is a deserving Democrat, andhis legion of friends here will bepleased to know of his victory. Heis a brother of William Taylor, ofthis city."WINDSTORMS COMINGINSURE YOUR BUILDINGSAGAINST DAMAGE BY WIND ASWELL AS EIRE, WITH(l-tf) YERKES & PEED,BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club will holdtheir regular shoot Friday afternoon, August 19, at their grounds inEast Paris. The trophy for thisshoot will be $10 in trade, donated"by Cahal Bros., the barbers. Boys,here is a chancefor some one of youto clean up in more ways than one.Come early, so that you can getplenty of shooting. Visitors welcome.D. A. R. BOARD MEETINGMembers of Jemima JohnsonChapter, D. A. R., will go to Lexington to-day to attend the meetingof the State Board of the D. A. R.,which is to be held at ten o'clockthis morning at the? Phoenix Hotel.Mrs. John Chenault, regent of theJohn Marshall chapter, of Louisville; Mrs. James Caperton, regentof the Boonesborough Chapter, ofRichmond; and Mrs. Smith, regentof the Isaac Shelby chapter, ofShelbyville, will be guests of Mrs.Christopher D. Chenault at her homeon South Limestone street, duringher stay in Lexington.oTOBACCO HAIL INSURANCE.McCLURE & DONALDSON. AGTS.HRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG..(1-tfToBOURBON BOY PROMOTEDCoinings and Goings of Our'People Here, There andElsewhere.Clifton Wesselman, formerly ofParis, now residing in Lexingtoi,has been commissioned as AssistantScoutmaster by the National BoardBoy Scouts of America.Young Wesselman has just reached his thirteenth "birthday, the minimum age required for an assistant'scommission, and has made a greatrecord in scouting, having passedsuccessfully more than twenty meritbadges. He is quite talented, beinga musician and an artist of considerable talents. Wesselman's parents moved from Bourbon countyto Fayette several years ago.LEADER BUYERS BACK EROMNEW YORKMr. M. E. Guttman, of The Leader Department Store, returned -Saturdaymorning from a buying trip.He has spent three weeks with the,:rresident buyers in making the mostcritical selections of garments froma big field. He states that the onedesire is to show lines of merchandise such as never have been display ed in Paris before. The LeaderStore is now preparing for theirgrand opening, which willbe heldvery shortly. A series of" surprisesare planned.(PICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday, August 16"A Light Woman;" June Capriceand George B. Seitz, in new serial,-The Sky Ranger;" Pathe News.To-morrow, Wednesday, August0.7c Thomas Meighan, in "CivilianClothes;" Mack Sennett Comedy,"Astray From Steerage ;V Topics ofthe Day.Thursday, August 18 ThomasMeighan, in "Civilian Clothes;"Ceo. B. Seitz and Margaret Courtat in serial, "Velvet Fingers;"Pathe New.ArfrtAH .ttrWio all thia.eekiPrcy RM, TocHt, Ringing aft-&m4 tri.Miss Elizabeth Pilcher, of Louisville, is a guest of Miss MarthaTalbott, in this city.Thos. J. Havens, of near Paris,is visiting friends and relativesinEath and Fleming counties.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed. Tuckerleft yesterday for a business andpleasure trip to New York.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Wetherallhave returned from a visit withMrs. Edna Dryden, in-Frankfort.Mis Frances Rogers, of Owingsville, is visiting Mrs Mattie LeeLaughlin, near North Middletown:Mrs. Frank M. Hall, of Huntington, West Va., is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Chas. N. Fithian, and Mr.Fithian.Dr. and Mrs. E. H. Caywood andlittle son, Elmer Caywood, have returned to their home in Ravenna,after a visit to friends and relativesnear Paris.Miss Helen Louise Keal, ofParis, is visiting her aunt, Mrs.John M. Woods, and family, inWinchester.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Talbotthave returned from a visit to MissasMabel and Edna Browning, :nWinchester.Mrs. Charles Green and daughters have returned- from a visit toDr. D. C. Dunnigan and family, inWinchester.Misse Rebecca Purnell andMargaret Hill are guests of Mr. andMrs. John K. Smith and family, inDayton, Ky.Wm. Chism, of Paris, spent theweek-end in Winchester as a guestof Mrf and Mrs. John "51. ' Woods,formerly of Paris.Mrs. Ed. Quinn and daughters,Misses Nell and Gladys, and son,William, have returned from a' visitto relatives in Livingston.Mr. Albert Perling, of TheLeader Department Store, is now inNew York, making purchases ofdry goods and furnishings.Mrs. Mollis Rice and MissLillie Williams, of Paris, were guestslast week of Mrs. C. H. Fisher andMrs. W. H. Frey, in Carlisle.Miss Mattie Lee Laughlin hasreturned to her home near Paris,after a visit with Misses Lena Taylor and Frances Rogers, in Owingsville. Misses Henrietta Bedford, ofParis, and Nancy Loveland, of Lexington, were guests of Miss HelenBowen, in Winchester, for the weekend. Stanley Laughlin and RussellSummers have returned to theirhomes near Paris after a visit withOscar and Nicholas Shields, in Owingsville. Mr. and Mrs. Houston, of Paris,and Miss Lizzie Crutcher, of Lexington, have returned to theirhomes from a visit to Mrs. J.- D.Smith, in Georgetown.Mrs. Mozelle Huddleston anddaughter, Miss Madeline Huddleston,of Stoner Avenue, left "Sunday morning for a two-weeks' trip to Bostonand other New England cities.A dancing pavilion has beenerected in East Paris, where danceswill be given, each Wednesday andFriday evening. Music will hefurnished by a saxophone orchestra.The weather permitting, theyoung men of the Shawhan vicinity will give their weekly moonlightfete and dance at Shawhan, Fridaynight. Music by the Rackett Sextette. James Higgins, of the BourbonSteam Laundry, Jos. Lavin, of theL. & N., and T. C. Lenihan, of Lexington, leave to-morrow for aa month's stay" at Hot Springs, Ark.Mr. and Mrs. John W. Jones, cfNorth Middletown, were recentguests of Mrs. Jones' parents, Mr.and Mrs. B. F. Bridges, in Georgetown, and of Mrs. Edna Dryden, inFrankfortMiss Amy Woods, Julia Woodsand Roger Woods will ileave thisweek for Louisville, where they willjoin a party of friends for a camping trip to Mammoth Cave and theCrystal Cave.Miss Josie Maher, who underwent a serious operation Saturdayat the Massie Memorial Hospital,was reported yesterday as doing u.swell as could be expected, with prospects good for recovery.-Mrs. John T. McClintock and son,John T. McClintock, Jr., of Huntington, West Virginia, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Charles N. Fithian, onPleasant street. Mrs. McClintock isa sister of Mrs. Fithian.Miss Bettie Perry, of Richmond, is entertaining a housepartythis week composed of Misses Elmeta Hinton, of Paris, Ruth Thomas,of Lexington, and Mary HarperHenderson, of Georgetown.Mrs. Gladys Herrin is seriouslyill of typhoid fever at the home ofher aunt, Mrs. Wm. Farris, on Pleasant street. Miss Herrin has beenmaking her home with Mr. and Mr.Farris since the death of her mother.Mrs. George W. Bramblette, cfnear Winchester, who suffered aslight paralytic stroke recently affecting her left side, is reported asbeing considerably better. Mrs.Bramhlette formerly resided in Millersburg. Judge and Mrs. Charles A. McMillan returned Saturday night fromtheir wedding trip, and will be "athome" after the first of October, onMt. Airy avenue. A number of socialevents are being planned in honor ofthe bride.Perry M. Shy, .formerly ofParts, has resigned his positionwith Swift & Co., at Winchesr.and has been succeeded by M. b.HineS. Mr. Shy has taken a traveling position with Power GroceryCo., of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. James Grinnell,Mrs. Janie Current, Misses 3naand Nannie M. Cooper, AnnieOinnmins, Ina Mattox, Elizabeth Wheeler, of Paris: Mewrs. Charles Bower,Toledo, Ohio, Guy Sawyer, LouV?Yillt, Y. H. Harrtwn and VirgilCooper, of Parte, oompoae a eamp-ing party at Boonesboro for aweek's outing.During the absence of Chief ofPolice Fred Link, who is taking aI vacation, Patrolman Geo. M. Hill isj acting Chief of Police.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick has returned from New York, where hehas been taking special courses ofstudy in the ' summer school at Co-' lumbia University.: Mr. Durand eWhipple has arrived from Little Rock, Arkansas,to spend some time with his wifeand family at the home of Mr. and,Mrs. E. M. Dickson, on Stoneravenue.(Other Personals on Page 3)'PARIS WOMAN VOTED HANDSOMEST AT-FAIR.At the Perryville Fair held lastweek, Mrs. Ernest Martin, wife cfPolice Judge Martin," of Paris, wasawarded, first prize, a handsome sil-iver set, as being the handsomestwoman on the grounds. The Dan-ville correspondence of the ' daily! papers carried the following story:" 'Pretty Lady Day' at the Perj ryiville Fair attracted a large crowd,jmuch interest being manifested inI the awarding of a handsome silver'set to the prettiest lady on thegrounds. The winner of the coveted prize was Mrs. Ernest Martin, ofParis, Ky., who is visiting her aunt,'Mrs. J. T. Bonta, of Perryville, andwho was born and reared in thatcommunity. Mrs. Martin's husbandis police judge of Paris. Thiscouple became engaged- while Mrs.Martin who before her marriagewas Miss Sara Webb was attendingthe Bourbon College at Paris. Shegraduated and the marriage followed."Mrs. Martin is a very attractivewoman and the announcement ofher winnine: the nrize met witnjthe approval of her many admirersand friends. There were so many1 pretty women on the grounds it was'a difiicult matter for the judges toI select the prettiest one, and it isrpnnrted that the two judges nam.idj to pick the winner could not decidethe question.as one of them pickedMrs. Martin and the other one picked another as prettiest woman. Thequestion was finally decided by calling a third man to settle, and hepicked Mrs. Martin, who was namedthe winner.". oRELIGIOUS.Rev. W. J. Slater, pastor of theMillerbure: Christian church, is assisting Rev. Newton Shropshire, of: Clintonville, in a protracted meetingat the Christian church, in Moore-field, Nicholas County.The annual Kentucky Conference of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch, South, will be held in Somerset beginning Wednesday, September 7. More than 250 ministers andlaymen will attend. The sission willlast four days. Bishop Collins Dennywill preside.j The Standard Training Schoolfor Christian Workers, which hasbeen in session at Kentucky Wesleyan College, in Winchester, came to aclose Sunday night, when the students who have made satisfactorygrades were awarded certificatesfor one unit. Several from Pariswere among the number, Saturdayafternoon was devoted to a recreation program, and Saturday nightwas "stunt night."BargainsV,We have at all times bargains inused furniture stoves and household goods.Give me a call. Home Phone 248,Cumb. Phone 402.F. L. HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(aug!5-tf) ,The squirrel whoremembers in thesummer thatwinter is comingis held up as amodel of efficiency,yet he hasnothing on theman who buys hisFall Clothes how,while the stocksare mostcompletein ourCustomTailoring , "Department. -I IAfVAI miV " rr X)If it comesfrom Decvis:-fannouncQOur Semi'jinnual Display of Woolenslitis and Overcorcoats for Jall andWinter, J92-922'Vs''&p.?'rVifi its io-clay $ and omoAAour (d-uo.-u.si16A and l7fi) iS a repAe&enaLve of ke S-apeAioAdailoAina Company, diiplayina VLraLn Vools3alrrics cxci-u-s LxreJiy.cMrLlJi Ire a fijteatiAe o Ahovs yo-u and moAepjteaiina if yo-u utiii leave yo-ur oAdeA foA yo-uALvnmedlae oA fxxre needs.v-1'(Prices are Tno& AeasonaIrjteand ure4 air So-vlixejy a-aaAanee o fi,yo-u.jr4v,.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Home" Call Our Store "Siorne"ftrATTAirAWWWWEsESEasroMvjytiniiJNow is the lime You Meed wwVilatocH FURNjjgjllSgBVmmatotSmmt''mmmmmmmmWITURE MRmmmwi mmmmm'Vity9li'iSSELF-HANGINGTudorandVUDOR SHADESand now is the time we are closingout all merchandise of this kind atI7D17 ATI v pfhi tpfiS DDirccvlln M. 1 A AVM ilV wl 4m JL AVAVJLJkJt . ,. fMake your selection to-day. PORCH SHADESColumbia Srafonolasare the only ones with theNon-Set Automatic StopPlay Columbia Records on Columbia MachinesTHE 1 HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKY. Motor Hearse Motor InvalidSIXTH AND MAINUndertakingMiiBpjS$pa- Ml.L. Jif-v i-2ts&j..J.i-W' V?v .A... , ' '1TOTfcDAT, AUGUST IIIS! -THE BOURBON, NEWS, PARES, KENTOPlJfaA-r A&m tax- .---""''"-THE PLAYTHING OF POLITICSLay Bandit's Careerto Slant in Skulliiii.'4-ifAn4Tacoma, Wash. Roy Gard:ner, mail traia robber, in the 4federal penitentiary after twovery sensational escapes from ?guards,' may be operated on to"reform" him, according to T"Mother McColl, woman agent ?of the Department of Justice. I"I want to be operated on and flead the life God intended meto lead," Gardner told Mrs. Mc-Coll. I"Gardner is a wonderful speci-men of manhood," Mrs. McCollcontinued. "His tendency tocrime is caused by a deflection fof the cranium, and it is possi-ble that surgical care will elim- ?inate it."He is to be X-rayed, and the fphysician at the prison willsend to Los Angeles for X-rayplates which are said to show ?the seat of his trouble." !..-----'-----'-HWENT TO RUSSIA "FOR FUN"But Detroit Student Didn't Find It SoFunny and Is Hurrying BackHome.Warsaw. Bolshevik soldiers guardhe Russian border and only certain persons are given permission toleave the country, yet by bribery andother means great numbers of personsare crossing into adjacent countrieseach night.A recent arrival in Warsaw from'Kussia was Ralph Rimar, formerly anart student in Detroit and Charleston,TT. Va., who left America, via Canada,early in January this year, with 700other Russians.Rimar says he went to Russia, tosatisfy his curiosity and for fun butthat he didn't have any pleasure at all,and that his curiosity is thoroughlysatisfied. He was arrested five timesand went without a square meal fortwelve weeks. He is hurrying backhome.1 " ' 1Asf -. v , ' ' r "AFRICAN BALLET MASTERtsssss - ' ' &' bssssssssl v5 jw V-A "WOMEN KEENLY FEEL RESPONSIBILITYParent -Teachers' Associations of Kentucky United InFavoring the Two AmendmentsThe Parent-Teachers Associations ofthe state will do everything in theirpower to carry the two amendments tothe Constitution in November by alarge majority. Mrs. George C. Weldon, president, sent the statement given below to your staff correspondent:"I am so glad to have the opportunity of saying a few words in favor ofthe two Constitutional amendments tobe voted on at the November election."The amendment which proposes totake the office of State Superintendentof Public Instruction out of politics isof vast importance, as our school system can never attain the perfection wehope for it until we, by one united votein November, shove politics as faraway from school administration aspossible. There is no more importantposition in the whole state than that ofA young chief of the Wahutu tribeat Nyanza, Lake Tanganyika, Africa,eady to lead his men in a tribaldance. The Wahutus are great dancers. Wonder if they could master theChicago or the shimmy? This photo-was made by H. C. Raven of theSmithsonian Institution expedition toAfrica.3NAMES GOLF 'CORESPONDENT'j Divorce Complainant in New JerseyJ Charges Game Took Husband's-; Affection.- Newark, N. J. The ancient andfhonorable game of golf is "corespondent" in a divorce suit filed by Mrs.EacheL B. Hayward of Montclairagainst Sterling P. Hayward.In affidavits filed with Vice-ChancellorMelder Mrs. Hayward declared thefame took so much of her husband'sleisure she scarcely ever saw him;that her lack of interest in golf causedhfrn to be cruel to her and that hespent money in pursuit of his hobbythat- he should have spent maintainingJr and their two children.Mr. Hayward's answer denies golf Isresponsible for their marital difficulties, which he attributes to difficulties-with Mrs. Hayward's relatives and toker -discovery that he was not so-wealthy as she had believed.ssssssssssKii'issssssssssssssiHKjgHil'ffHBKsggg' '3lfr &BSSSSSm' bsbsbssbssx sssssssssssbHIBPv - ' ' '','' "" ' TBSBubbr?- ' ?.bbbSvJHR? .SsHbsssssSsW$ fEraaaSSBSSSSSl' BSSSSSSffiBSSSSSSsssssssssssssslbsbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbI.iBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSKSCHOOLS SHOULDBECOME STRONGERCamels aim,.to made for Men whomkJor Themselvesvs.Such folks know real quality and DEMAND it.They prefer Camels because Camels give them the"smoothest, mellowest smoke they can buy becausethey love the mild, rich Havor of choicest tobaccos,perfectly' blended amd because Camels leave NO . 'CIGARETTY AFTERTASTE.If They Are to Keep Pace With theProgress In Other Lines.Miss, Ada May Cromwell, chair-,man of the Division of Education ofKentucky Federation of Women'sClubs, believes a 'strong school systemwould mean greater opportunities forthe boys and girls in the rural schools.In an interview with your reporter shehad the following to say:"The whole troop of care-free youngsters pass my gate when school letsout. One lassie often lifts the latch andcomes in. Sometimes to ask for adrink, occasionally to bring me a notefrom the teacher."What she really comes in for .is toget a moment inside my library, totouch my pens in the rack, to feast herContinue to Invade California.Washington. California's Japanese, ppsltJon in 1920 was 71,952 asagainst 41,356 in 1910, according, tooiBwa fijjppes. Tfee state also con-ahiea M.7S3 Mgroee,, 17,300 Indians,J$SH CJriMfte.a 6J6S of tdwrMrs. George C. Weldon.Superintendent of Schools, and by thepresent school laws he must be changedevery four years no matter how efficient he is nor how ably he has administered school affairs during his termof office. With each change of administration comes a shaking up in the Department of Education which is verybad for our schools, for of course eachincumbent has ideas of his own whichjust begin to work out before the nextupheaval. Our schools need the continued, concentrated thought of oneable man who may succeed himself."When Democrats and Republicansalike agree that the proposed amendment is the only solution of our schoolproblem here -in Kentucky what needto make it a political issue, anyway?There is no party in education as received by our children."The amendment to re-apportionfunds is also vastly important, as itseems to be the solution of the ruralschool problem, by giving the ruralchild in the most isolated district aneven chance with the child in the xtloreprosperous community."The women of Kentucky on whomrests largely .the great responsibility ofeducating the children must availthemselves of the privilege of suffrageand must use that privilege conscientiously. Women of Parent-TeacherAssociations must keenly feel the responsibility to such an extent that'theywill not only cast their vote for theseamendments, but will explain them toothers and persuade them to the samecounw. For the sake Ibf our 'chilclrSn'and our friends' childrenlet us striTeto sake it an overwhelming majorityiICoer.wV . 'TURKISH &DOMESTIC&Q I BBLEND &U- CICABITIIl 7"ALike every man who does bis own thinking, youwant fine tobacco in your cigarettes. You'll find itin Camels.And, mind you, no flashy package-just for show.No extra wrappers! No costly frills! These thingsdon't improve the smoke any more than Dremiums.or coupons.But QUALITY! Listen! That's CAMELS!.R.J REYNOLDS Tooacco Co"Xlnjloa-Sales:, H. CMiss Ada May Cromwell.brown eyes on the rows of books in thecases and to fondle the pile of manuscripts on my desk. Her hunger is forgood books, for there is talent in thatsmall being palpitating for development. "I trod daily the same hot road tothe same district school, conducted under the same school system. I sat onthe same straight-backed bench, ciphered at the same old rough blackboardand got my stockings full of the samecockle burrs at play time."I have been asked for my honestopinion as to the school system of Kentucky, and I write it down plainly that Ido not believe that the little lassie, wholifts my latch, has one iota of a betterchance than I had."Our standard is low. Our system isinadequate. We are not now, any morethan we were thirty-five .years ago, giving the Kentucky child its due, andjust as I have been hampered and delayed in my life's work because of thislack, so will the lassie-be hampered.So will be all the thousands of lads andlassies who are depending upon thepublic school for their chance."Take the office of State Superintendent of Public instruction out ofpolitics, thus we will arrive at the rudiments of a new school system whichby reason of its newness and vigor willmake rapid growth into a great system."The royal road to this system lies inthe adoption of the two proposedamendments to 'the State Constitution,wThich will be submitted to the peopleat the November, 1921, electidn."My plea to every woman in "theState is: Ai'lbCke'the voting jfqr thes.e,twqamendments a matter of consecrated4ty to'childhood. Vote for the iammeasure ytu 'pray "for." JSALE OP CAMP TAYLOR NETS U.S. $902,097.WASHING-TON, Aug. 15. Netproceeds of the sale of Camp Zachary Taylor amounted to $902,097.82,the War Department has announced. This amount, it was stated, isexclusive of a 15 per cent, commission on gross sales paid to the Louisville Real Estate. & DevelopmentCompany, which conducted the auction. Buildings and land at Camp Taylor were sold by auction conductedon the ground and the sale brought$100,000 more than would havebeen realized by accepting the highest offer when sealed bids were called for previous to the decision tosell the camp by auction, says theofficial announcement.The highest offer made for the direct purchase of the cantonmentwas made by Harris Brothers Company, of New York, the figure being$852,500. This was rejected.Ill I ll'lll-rM"I"I"I"I-I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I":"I"I"I-I"I-I"I"I-I"I"I"I"I"I"I-H I M4ttGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceD W I II I LLLT IIUI LC5Day Night1 37 29SHWIWHiWMfiiMttllltlllllMIIIIIIMICORNSLift Off with FingersttiiitftiHittinniiuiimiiinmnimmiGet In Personal TouchWith That Out-of-Town Customer orFriend By UsingHOMEI LONG DISTANCE jjParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co. 'IncorporatedI 1 1 Y I i ! iiH'l ! tHHttt Itil I M 1 1 1 M l'Ii-IH"I"I"M"I"X"I"'I"l'l'M'Hll lit! I llivDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cem;3, sufficient to remove every hard con, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe cnPuses, without soreness or frritaticr ' Cad 71Where the, Bible Is Barred.Over 200,000,000 Bibles, translatedInto 528 different languages, have beendistributed by the British and ForeignBible society. Thibet, Nepaul, Abyssinia, part of Arabia, and Afghanistanare still closed to the society.4 , Sugaf-Cfated..However they 'may pronounce tib.wird, it's yourca9died opinion nioit"yoglt ' dealre. Boston Transcript. -i 'r OPolitics are not crooked, it is someof th people whoare in soWtSes: ' 'KEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse Electric Fan; We have them all sizes. Special cash discount. Call and !J; see our stock.T. W. SPICER; MAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSEiifiiiifiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiininiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimit ?q.--v? -.-.-.;Bor bon tiewt Advertiserf, TGetResattV,- -.1 Imif ?. .i&Ji.,m . aITUESDAY, JLUGEfef 16, 1921THlf BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KKNTUCKTtPEOPLE OF OUR TOWNCGWSMUGGLE IN CHINESEThe Trouble Collector figures thatEveryiwdy is trying to Put SomethingOver oa nim and so goes Around with"his Suspicious Mind fainting Troubleand Always Finding it. In a World50 full of Everything, we can Generally find v'lxat we are Looking for,whether Joy or Sorrow.Combine Slips Yellow Men IntoFlorida by Way of Cuba.Few Places Where Schooners CannotMake Easy Landing on Coastline of Southern State.FEWER NEGHOES IN KEliWcKY,CENSUS SHOWS..SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PBOTOCEMARKET REVIEWflhe volume of eggs reaching the.market is larger than for the sametime last year, and, as some owners- storage eggs are using their stock,the market has shown, some decline4iurjng the past week.The report of - storage holdings,.issued by the Department of Agriculture for August 1, shows:1521, 7,590,000 cases.120, 6,872,000 cases.Increase, 718,000 cases.Butter production is holding up extremely well, due to the rains weliare had in the past few weeks,which have put the pastures in good.shape. 'The market the past tendays has shown considerable decline,-the advance evidently having swungloo high for the supply. In the lastday or two, the market has pickedup again, due to short holdings- of'Gutter in storage, as compared to ayear ago, as follows:1921, 82,000,000 lbs.1920, 101,000,000 lbs.Poultry receipts are increasing,the volume moving at the presenttime being ahead of a year ago, andas a consequence, the markets haveshown considerable decline, but-prices' are still considerably above anaverage for several years, at this seaeon of the year.uAddition to Commandments.Four-year-old Bessie had been to-Sunday school, where the Ten Commandments were being studied. Sheliad an older brother who was noted:for being sick or crippled if there waswork to be done. One day their mother asked the boy 'to fill the woodbox.Immediately he developed a sore foot-and limped slowly toward the woodpile. Bessie looked at him reproach"fully and said: "Thou shalt not hypocrite." Chicago American.o. Origin of Various Colors.From madder (growing in Hindustan) we obtain the paint color Turkey red. From the yellow sap of atree in Siam, caught by the nativesIn coconut shells, gamboge. Raw sienna and raw umber from earths in-Sienna and Umbria, Italy.. oDream Lore.To dream you see a flag flying Inthe wind denotes trouble. To carryone yourself foretells a change inyour affairs, generally for the better.To see one at half mast denotes trouble.Tampa, Fla. Chinese are beingsmuggled into the United Stateson a large scale by way of Cuba andFlorida, according to reports from theSouth. 'Unless prompt action is takenby authorities at Washington, conditions will soon be as bad in the southern states as they were on the Mexican border, where It took five yearsto stamp out the smuggling of the yellow men, says Immigration InspectorWhalen of Tampa, Fla., in whose district much of the smuggling has beengoing on."We have learned that within thepast few months almost 75,000 Chinesehave been landed in Cuba," saysWhalen. "According to the statements we got from some of the smuggling parties that we have roundedup, these Chinese remain in Cuba onlylong enough to make arrangementswith the smugglers to be landed onthe Florida coast."The fact that all the Chinese whohave been arrested in this vicinity areplentifully supplied with money andare able to obtain unlimited funds todefray court expenses Indicates thatthere is a well-organized smugglingcombine at work."The latest' arrests In the smugglingwar were in Charleston, S. 0., wherefour Chinese were picked up, withrailroad tickets from Clearwater,Fla., a short distance from Tampa, toWashington, D. C. Six more were arrested the same day at Dunedan, Fla.,also near Tampa. These six were takenwhen they tried to buy railroad tickets to Washington.The coast of Florida is an Idealplace for smuggling operations asthere are only a few places along theentire 1,400 miles of coast line whereschooners cannot make an easy landing.- The negro population of Kentuckydecreased from 261,656 in 1910 to235,938 in 1920, -while the whitesincreased from 2,027,951 to 2,180,560 in the same time, the censusbureau announced.The total native white populationwas 2,039,134 against 30,780 foreignborn whites; 65,931 natives whitesof foreign born parents and 44,715who had one parent 'of foreign birth.The State's population included fiftyseven Indians, sixty-two Chinese,nine Japanese, two Koreans, oneFilipino and one Hindu.. Illiterates in Kentucky over tenyears of age numbered 8.4 per cent,of the native whites and twenty-oneper cent of the negroes. 'LoExcellence Accounted For."Mother,' said little Roger, "I knowwhy Norah's cookies taste so good.She always sings when she Is mixingand the song gets into 'em." BostonTranscript.5&.I'itThey seem to shoot people in themountains of Kentucky with as muchregularity as they vote the Republican ticket.MANY v PAPERS WATT.tjtiFOR POSTAGEHELDIn mailing a copy of a newspaperone must take the postage rates intoconsideration. Many Paris peoplefail to do this,' according1 to a' statement made to THE NEWS by .Postmaster J. Walter Payne. As a result large numbers of newspapersmailed by persons here to friendsand relatives in other cities neverreach the addresses."A one-cent or two-cent stamp,placed on a newspaper," said Mr.Payne, "is thought to be sufllcient bymost persons, but many papers somailed are held for postage. Newspapers originally entered by the publishers as second-class matter, whenremailed in complete form by privatepersons, require postage at the raleof one cent for each four ounces o;fraction of four ounces. Incompletepapers or portions of such papers require postage at the rate of one ceatfor each two ounces or fraction oftwo ounces. All papers should bearthe return address of the sender inupper left-hand corner of the wrapper." oCaruso is dead, hut his voice canstill be heard on the Victrolas.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4WxXy.West Fifh StreetSATISFACTI ONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry applianceand expert helpers we areprepared to do -work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon Laundry"Paris, Kentuckym wIXXiilvixX!LIVING AS IN- STONE AGENatives of Isolated South Sea IsleFound by Missionary NumberOnly 500.London, England. People who stilllive in the manner of the stone ageare found on Rennel island in the Solomon group, Melanesia, according to Dr.Northcote Deck, a missionary who saysthere are only about 500 inhabitants,and because of their Isolation eventheir dialect there has never beenstudied.The natives had Implements andweapons of stone and wood only whenDr. Deck first visited the island. Theyshowed great eagerness to barterhomemade articles for anything madeof iron."They seem to feel keenly themonotony of their Isolation, andshowed a settled melancholy, both intheir faces and the cadence of theirvoices," says Dr. Deck.The teeth of flying foxes whichswarm in caves on the island seemto be the only form of currency knownthere.DIAMOND 8 YEARS IN GARDENRing Lost by New Jersey WomanFound and Restored by Present.Tenant.Glen Ridge, N. J. Exactly eightyears to the day after she had losta diamond ring in the garden of herhome the lost bit of jewelry was restored to the owner. Subsequent tolosing the ring Mrs. Smith removedfrom Gl Hillside place and her formerhome was occupied by John Townsend. ,For three years Mr. Townsend hasbeen planting the garden, and whilehoeing lima beans this week he sawwhat he thought was a bit of glassshining on the ground. He picked upthe object and it proved to be a diamond ring. Meeting Mrs. Smith hementioned having found the ring. Itsloss was explained and the ring wasrestored to its owner.,rJust HistoryIn 76 j -The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guests -By .Coal Oil light.And later on,How time doei ws.Her home was litBy flickering. Gas.Bit the girl of to-dayWbm wamts her home bright,Jut fxeiief a bottomAnd has Electric light.BACHELOR SEA LIONS TO DIEUnited States Government Asks Bidsfor Killing of LighthouseAnnoyers.San Francisco. Because 100 bachelor sea lions on Anno Nuevo island,20 miles north of Santa Cruz, clutterup the walks around the lighthouse,steal food from the back porch of thelighthouse keeper's cottage and havea sneaking desire to take up theirresidence In the front parlor, theUnited States lighthouse service willopen bids for shooting the obnoxiousbachelors.There are 400 more sea lions on theisland, but as they consist of thoroughly trained husbands with theirharems of wives, they have their ownsocial sets and don't bother the lighthouse keeper. The bachelors' skinsare good for leather, their blubbercontains good oil and the rest of theircarcasses can be sold for fertilizer.Britain's Debt Is $5,807,815,000.London. Great Britain's externaldebt now amounts to about $5,807,815,000 normal value, a decrease or -theyear ending March 31 .of about $585,775,000, an officlkYTfturn state. Therf,ifCredltprire the United LttateiJOT2704JO0O; normal Talue at$4,SS,520,000, d Caaada, 8MttV"-ll:...'-.li .. o iX.. -,:Zfl 1. -IV cr ,- 'rVALVE-IN-HEAD "fe)m Mmt MmmmmmmmmmmKmtmmmmkS-igHHs:55&2g1pSMOTOR GARSoAnnouncingThe New Buick "Four".f4iiiA ThoroughbredJfour, Completingthe Famed BuickLine:v.: vr-'"1- AThe Winch Valve-in-HeadEngineA Ttower lantThat Has ProvedItself&&1 l K;c"V x 5&' -.A Great Car,Prices Make It AnEvdn GreaterValuePrices22-34 Two Passenger Roadster $ 93522-35 Five Passenger Touring - 97522-36 Three Passenger Coupe - 147522-37 Five Passenger Sedan - - 1650All Prices F. O. B. Flinty MichiganCord Tires Standard Equipment en all ModelsSeelJsfor Specifications and Delivery DatesThe new Four-Cylinder Buick, here announced,is a thoroughbred a pedigreed car well worthyof its name.Down to the very last detail, this new model possessesevery quality of enduring serviceability, completecomfort, and distinctive appearance that have alwayscharacterized 'Buick automobiles.The advent of this new Four makes the Buick 1922line complete. It offers to purchasers of a car of thissize all the quality and service that go to make upthe name " Buick. "The engine, of course, is of the time-tested BuickValve-in-Head type. The year-after-year concentration of Buick "s engineering skill and experience inbuilding Valve-in-Head motors assures the higheststandard of performance obtainable today.Every other unit is of a quality equal to the powerplant. The whole assembly constitutes a perfectlybalanced chassis which is of typical Buick construction.The equipment of Cord Tires is merely evidence ofthe quality which characterizes the" entire car.Two open and two closed body types mounted onthe Buick built chassis comprise the new series.Even the most casual inspection of the details of designand workmanship will reveal that full measure of quality which motoristshave learned toassociate with Buick.Obviously a high grade automobile a genuine Buickproduction the prices listed below make this greatFour even greater. A value such as this is possibleonly because of the combination of Buick engineer- 'ing skill devoted .to the one ideal' of quality, Buickproduction facilities developed over nearly a quarterof a century, and Buick' s nation-wide distributionand service organization.The Buick Motor Company is proud of the BuickFour. It has the faith of long experience in thisnewest addition to its line. It places, upon it unreservedly the Buick guarantee carried by every Buickautomobile produced. That its confidence is 'wellplaced is manifested not only by the keen interestwith which motorists have awaited this announcement, but also the advance orders placed by distributors, dealers, and the general public.((1181)C. S. BALL GARAGECorner Fourth and Pleasant StrtWIJEN BETTER. AUTOMQWLW &&. BUILT-BUICK WR-WWLD THEMMl.s1"&' ,j'VX.W "vmfcSMR5RW- . - -nXsii unmii?jse&f ikwS1' ?i-v$&rfJWf " ViV'n. ' ry.MfPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON OTB, PARIS,KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST If, lfit.PPaBMMMKHMMMMWlMHMMIMaMaHU-pital, report lier as being somewhatMILLERSBURGdaughter, ofrbetter.J Mrs. Scales and"Mississippi: are guests of Mr. Wal-, lace Shannon.daughtof Mr.r ; -ftirs. .Aaa Miner ana aaugntev,MissT Bernice Bornar has yetura-. Kate of Birmingham, Ala., arsetf from a visit at Dayton, Ky guests of relatives hereMr. anfl Mrs. M. D. Hurst are1 Mrs. James Clark, Mrs. AlbertTisiting relatives in Fleming countv. Moffett and Miss Moffett are vis it-Miss Nannie Louise Best left ins irienas mu relatives m uuia-fhis -wtppV fnr T-akA flhantniiniii Vllle.jq- y I Dr C- C' Fislier' of Millersburg'--Prof. J. W. Lancaster and f am- College, was the guest of MrsfcJ. A.ily are visiting relatives in George- Henderson, m Harrodsburg, the pabttown ' week. ..Mrs. Sallie Miller has returned ' Mrs. Ada McClintock and daugh-from a visit with friends in fieoree- ters, Misses Ruth and Anna James,tttti , are visiting Mrs. Turner Perry, inMr. and Mrs. E. M. Thomason Owingsville. 'are visiting friends in Mason Mrs Emma Long has returnedcountv i t0 her ll0nle m Georgetown, afterMrs. Ella Spencer, of Lexington, a visit with her sisters Mrs T. D.is visiting her sister, Mrs. Letton Judy and Miss Mary TaylorVimont 'I Mrs- - E- Potts is with herMiss Fav McWhorter, of Lex- mother, Mrs. George Bramblette,ington, is the guest of Miss Fannie. who was stricken with paralysis atBurroughs. I her home near Winchester, someMiss Caroline Mclntyre is vis- days ago. Mrs. Bramblette is re--iting her aunt, Mrs. C. W. Howard, ported as being somewhat improved,in Lexington.Mrs. Jas. Clarke and daughter, ,Mrs. A. T. Moffett, are visiting rel-. . M AttmHnNn at Zatives in Louisville. ' MATRIMONIAL.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Brown, ofCynthiana, visited her sister, Mrs.Pearl Hill last week.Miss Palmer and Miss Gol-J--iv:-..cf'sr!T.-.-1- . . " T"""""""""""-"""A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of Countybraith. of Carlisle, are visiting J. -d' to t. t Ti0,rH. Martin and family. 3Q and Miss Emma Lucas 21, ofMrs. I. N. Brown and Mrs. F. BourDOn county. Mr. Piercy is a sonMarshall, who recently visited Mrs. of Mr and Mrs mra Piercy, ofSarah Thome, at St. Josephs Hoa- Lexington and ig a meraber of the.Lexington police force. Miss Lucas isa daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. B.Lucas, of near Paris.M RotSummerUnion Suits$1.Q0,$1.50,$2.QQPorosknitShirts and Drawers50 CENTSEACHWonderful Valuesin Sox20 CENTSor 6 pairs for $1.00Former values 35cNight Shirts$1.00,31.50, $2.00PajamasSI.50.S21FREEMAN WHRIGTie marriage of Mr. YanceyFreeman, of Lexington, brother ofMrs. Wm. O. Hinton, of Paris, andMiss Marie Whrig, of Louisville,was quietly solemnized yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock, at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. John Cr. Cramer,in Elsmere Park, in Lexington,where the bride has been makingher home for some time.i The wedding was a very quietaffair. After the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Freeman left for a motor trip,going first to Pittsburg, to visitthe groom's brother, Prof. EdwinFreeman, and family. Among theout-oltown guests for the weddingwere Mr. and Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton,of Paris, Mr. and Mrs. MorrisCrutcher, and Mrs. Rudolph Whrig,of Louisville.,$2.50Price & Go.Clothiersand FurnishersBRIDGES WETHERALL.Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Franklin Bridges, of Georgetown, have an-nounced the marriage of theirdaughter, Miss Anna Frank Bridges,to Mr. Roy Wetherall, of nearParis. The happy event took placein the private office of the CountyJudge of Montgomery county, Mt.Sterling, on last Wednesday afternoon, in the presence of a few intimate friends. After the ceremonyMr. and Mrs, Wetherall left for amotor trip, returning home Friday.The wedding was in the nature ofan 'elopement, and was not generally known until the young peoplereturned to Paris. Mrs. Wetherallis a sister of Mrs. John W. Jones,of North Middletown, a graduate ofHamilton College, in Lexington,and a talented and attractiveyoung woman. Mr. Wetheralf is theson of Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Wetherall,.of near Paris, and has been engaged in farming on his father's place,on the Gane Ridge pike.Mr. and Mrs. Wetherall are receiving the congratulations and goodwishes of a 'host of friends.BELL HACKERAn interesting romance whichhad its inception a year ago reached its climax in Waverley, Ohio,Saturday, when Mr. William E.Hacker, secretary of the Paris Commercial Club, and Miss JessamineBell, instructor in French in theParis High School, were married.The ceremony was perform'ed by thebride's father, Rev. George W. Bell,pastor of the Waverley Presbyterianchurch, at the family home inWaverley, at "three o'clock Saturdayafternoon, and was witnessed by onlythe members of the immediate families and a few intimate' friends.Following the ceremony and receiving congratulations and goodwishes of the assembled friends andFINESWEATERS2:00 to 5:307:00 to '1 0:30To-day, Tuesday"A Light Woman"Hearts of the Sex TurnedInside OutThe most seductive of sirens: the truest toplighted troth and the most loyal of mothers.ALL STAR CAST.CHARMING BALLOOK DANCE PROLOGUE.Also June Caprice and George B. Seitz in"THE SKY RANGER"And Pathe News.Wednesday and Thursday, Aug. 1 7th and 18thTHOMAS MEIGHANIN? "Civilian Clothes"An All Wool Romance,Lined with Silk and Stitched Throughout with Laughter. With Beautiful Martha Mansfield.A Paramount Picture. From the Famous Play by Thompson Buchanan.In Addition WednesdayA Mack Sennett Comedy"ASTRAY FROM STEERAGE"and Topics of the DayIn Addition ThursdayGEORGE B. SEITZin "VELVET FINGERS"and Pathe NewsAdded AttractionAll This Week . . .PFPrV I? Fill Singing AfternofLiyiil ILIU and EveningADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c. CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20crelatives Mr. and Mrs. Hacker leftfor Madison, Wis., where Mr. Hacker will attend the school for Commercial Club secretaries, and willtake a special two-weeks' course hiother lines of Commercial Clubwork at the University of Wiscon-'sin. On their return to Paris theywill reside at the home of Mr. andMrs. Custis Talbott, on Houstonavenue.Mr. Hacker is a son of Judge andMrs. Marshall Hacker, of Columbus,Indiana, a graduate of Butler College, Indianapolis, and was formany years engaged in newspaperwork in various Indiana cities. Heserved with the American Expeditionary Force in France and Belgium, and following the armistice,spent some time in a French university. Following his return froinoverseas he was engaged as secretaryof the Paris Commercial Club. Herehe met his fate when Dan Cupid introduced him to Miss Bell, underwhose tutelage he had had resumedhis studies in French.His bride is a daughter of Rev.and Mrs. George TV. Bell, her father having formerly been' pastor ofthe Nicholasville Presbyterianchurch. She is twenty-two yearsold, an accomplished .and talentedyoung woman, and during the pastseason was instructor in French inthe Paris High School. During heiresidence here she was a member ofthe household at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Charles N. Fithian, andmade a host of friends.THE NEWS extends heartiest congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Hacker,and, in the time-honored toast ofRip Van Winkle, "May you livelong and prosper."VALUES UP TO $12.50$5.95BLACK NAVY AND COLORSCOLOR COMBINATIONS .OTHERS PRICED TO $10.00i-rrM4i-fl.r!K.Park, Iektoky-sevans McMillanFrom the headquarters of teNational Federation of Business andProfessional Women's Clubs, in NewYork, of which she is ExecutiveSecretary, Miss Lena Madesin Phillips sends THE NEWS the followingaccount of the -wedding of Mr. Chas.A. McMillan, of Paris, and MissKatherine Evans, of East Moriches,New York. Miss Phillips prefaces her article with theremark: "I do not set up to be anewspaper reporter, simply a plainbusiness woman who is tremendouslyinterested in this very delightfulbridal couple:"The marriage of Mr. Charles A.McMillan, of Paris, and Miss Katherine Evans, of East Moriches, LongIsland, N. Y., was solemnized at thehome of the bride's mother, Mrs.Thomas Evans, in the early eveningof Tuesday, August 9 th."The beautiful home had beenmade festive for the occasion withquantities of flowers, which, togetherwith the altar candles and shadedlights, made an attractive settingfor the wedding ceremony. ,"The bride, who is a strikinglyhandsome young woman, was exquisitely attired in cream satin relievedby point lace and seed pearls. Shewore also a court train and herbridal veil was draped in the Continental style. The groom washandsome in X ull evening attire."The only attendants were littleMiss Dorothy Hartell, the ring bearer, and Mr. Thomas Evans, brotherof the bride, who was the best man.The impressive ceremony was saidby the Revereend Dalton, of EastMoriches."Immediately following the cetemony a full course dinner was served, following which Mr. and Mrs.McMillan departed for a trip throughthe East."The bride's mother, Mrs. ThomasEvans, was handsome in black lacewith gold ornaments and diamonds.Her aunt, Miss Winnifred Evans,wore white lace with blue embroidery. Miss Lena M. Phillips, .ofNew York and Kentucky, a closefriend of the bride, wore black satinwith sequins. -r"Mr. and Mrs. McMillan were therecipients of many handsome giftsand the good wishes' of, a .host iffriends. They will reside at hishome'on Mt. Airy avenue, in Paris."o -t The cornet- which will soon, be, risible will be a free afcow in ?theBOY MYSTERIOTTSLY MISSING.Edward Thornton, an eight-year-oldson of Marion and EdwardThornton, colored, of Paris, has beenreported to the police as missingfrom his home in this city sincelast Saturday. He is supposed tohave left home with an seventeen-year-oldcolored boy named ErnestFox, and to have gone in the direction of Cincinnati. The boy wasdressed in blue overalls, was barefooted, wore a skull cap, and has ahabit of sucking his fingers most Dfthe time. Anyone knowing of hiswhereabouts or hearing anything ofhim will please telephone ActingChief of Police George M. Hill.Once upon a time there was amovie drama entitled: "The Passingof The Third Floor Back." It wasof little general interest comparedwith the drama of to-day: "Butter Passing the Half-Dollar Mark,Going Up."BIRTHS.In East Paris, to the wife ofRaymond Smith, a daughter, namedEttalee Frances Smith. The motherwas formerly Miss Eva Halbrook.To the wife of W. H. Stilwell,a son, christened Roger Port Stilwell.Mrs. Stilwell was formerly Mi33Gladys Port.FANCY TIP TOP CAUTELOUPESBEADY P0R THE TABLEWe are receiving Fancy Tip TopCanteloupes every day.(16-lt) C. P. COOK & CO. 'White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESOPEN DAY AND NIGHTExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage Supplies(tf) Cars WashedSupreme Value Giving of the GreatCLEAN1Offering to every economical shopper the opportunity of genuine economyEntire stock to be closed out at cost and less. SHOES AND OXFORDS of thehighest quality marked down to 20, 30 and 40 on the dollar. Buy Nowat these cut prices.Clean Sweep Sale Values $4.00and $5.00, Ladles' Kid Slippers,high and low heels -$2.95Ladies' Tan and Black Kid finglish LaceOxfords and Strap Slippers, $5.00 valuesReduced to $2.95Ladies' Brown Kid Lace Oxfords and Straps,values to $6.00.Reduced to $3.45Extra Special! Men's $7.00 Gun Metal andTan Calf English ShoesReduced to $3.95 and $4.95Men's $6.00 Tan English and Blucher Shoesand Oxfords.Reduced to $3.99Men's $3.50 Tan Ventilated Oxford WeltReduced to $1.99Men's Tan Elk Outing Shoes, a real goodwear.Reduced to $1.99WhiteFootwearSale at CutPricesLadies' $3,00Slippers.Canvas Lace Oxfords andReduced to $1.85Ladies' $3.00 White Strap Slippers, high andlow heels. 'Reduced to $1.85Ladies' High Grade White Slippers, $4.00values.Reduced to $2.69Misses' and Children's White Strap Slippers,also Gun Metal Slipppers, all sizes.Reduced to $1.49Laeies' $5.00 Black Kid Oxfords and Pumps.Reduced to $1.00Boys' and Youths' $2.50 Extra Good T?anOuting Shoes, all sizes.Reduced to $1.69DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreI Where Beauty and Ecowwy ReigVWk' ftftrwftile?amytotfetrn0?ifitem4&,chre admiiftioft. t --fS-Ajrfy"' I J