. z.V---- o. : w?--v-. -.,,v?v' -,,,3-:, ,.,,llr l., . SI'.-?- - - ,''..- '?- - .-. --'. i-m,-- c -.- .?-.r' : . - - .t4z ;'35ffVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON'COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY , 1921THE BOURBON NEWS!Kifrm'Pi?' MIf,Mr'.ADVENT OF NEW YEAR A QUIETAFFAIRThe new year of 1921 3tole intoParis in a vsry quiet manner, as'befitting: the occasion. With thedeath of the old yea.- there wab asitllness broken only by the occasional sound of a pistol shot or alone giant fiercracker. There wasno disorder, and no arrests weremade for drunkeness. The old order of things has passed away. Amxnbcr of watch parties weie heldat homes throughout the city ;nidin some of the churches.Willi the birth of th New Yearis .n opportunity for making newrefvhitions. which will lead towardthe relization of higher ideals.Many v.'ill be broken, of course, burif the resolutions are based on asincere desire for their fulfillmentand are supported by an earnest affort i hey 'ire sure to redound toihe good of the community by theattainment of a higher plane of "individual citizenship.Tnough we are apt to think thats?ew Year's has been observed sinceIhe year one, such is not the case.In fact, there is no mention of theday as a Christian festival until thefifth century, and even now tb;Hebrews celebrate their New"Vpars in September, for their calendar 'f arranged according to thenew moon, which makes NewYear's a movable holiday.Y. Ml C. A. NOTES.The Y. M. C. A. building wa3crowded Saturday afternoon for theNew Year's open house program.The relay races and gajmes by theboys were enthusiasticlly received.The basket ball game between theAlumni and Y. M. C. A. teamswa.i one of the fastest ever seen onthe local floor. The Y boys heldthe star aggregation to a 18, to 10score the first half, but were unable to make their shot:; count thesecond period, the final score beingY. M. C. A. 23. Alumni 40. Or.Tuesday night, January 4th thefast team from the Frankfort Y.M C. A. will play ihe local Y teamon :he Paris Y floor. The gamewill be called at eight o'clock.The Y gymnasium floor was thecene Friday night of a determinedstruggle between the basketballteams of the Frankfort and ParisKnights of Columbus. A largecrowd witnessed the contests, Parissending out a big crowd of rooters,who f-ndeavored to help the homoJoys wj;i tie game Tlfe struggle-was a hot one, and many goodplays were made on both sides. Inthe final count Frankfort was returned victor by the score of 21 to10. The Paris team put up a gemefight, but the odds were against Ithem. The two teams will play again j n0 doubt be greatly appreciated byat a date to be announced through t he patrons of the Maysville exthe press. ( change.' 4 4' ! ! ! 'I- ! ! ! ! I ! ! ! 4 ! ! ! I ! ! !j FRANK & CO.I LADIES' OUTFITTERSOursAnnualClearance Saleof ?igh Grade MerchandiseWill BeginJanuary 7thZtt3tThis Sale, which our many friendsand customers wait for annually, willinclude merchandisement.Extra Special Prices .-JKWill Prevail in OurRMADY-TO- WEARPARTMENTbig REMNANT COUNTER6tSHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS ,t m f i n ii n t u i 1 1 utBOURBON SHERIFF HAS OVERPAID THE STATEThe publication of a dispatch fromFrankfort,, enumerating -a list ofeight counties in the State whoseSheriffs were alleged to be delinquenr.in the settlement of their tax collections, was in error eo far as Bourboncounty is concerned, this county being mentioned in the list. SheriffWill G-. McClintock has received aletter from Auditor of State John J.Craig, stating that Mr. McClintockhad overpaid the -State $'J,779.17,and enclosed a check for thatamount. Mr. Craig's letter is as follows: "Frankfort. Ky., Dec. 30, 1920."W. G. McClintock, Sheriff, Paris,Ky."Dear Sir: "I enclose herewithcheck for $8,779.17, as balance overpaid by you in remittance " to theState this morning. Also find Auditor's receipt for $115,000 receivedDecember 18, jmailed several daysago. I ateo enclose herewith yourquietus for 1920 revenue. t"1 want to take this opportunityto say that it was no purpose of thisoffice to report Bourbon county asbeing delinquent, and we are verysorry that the matter has found itsway into the public prints. Your Mr.Marshall was here the first of December, and he and his desk had aperfect understanding about yoursettlement, that understanding being in conformity with suggestionswith Auditor Craig, and you ar- atliberty to use this letter as evidencethat I never at any time, nor anyone from :his department, intendedto report you as being delinquent."Verv Truly Yours,"JOHN J. CRAIG,"Auditor Public Accounts " ,oJANUARY COURT DAYYesterday was a dull Court Day,Court Days go. There was vryaslittle stock on the market und saleswere slow. Following on the heelsof the holidays, there was a business reaction, retail lines havingvery little to renoit in the way ofprogress. The ;main topic of conversation on the streets, among thefarmers was the tobacco market andthe probable price the weed wouldbring at the opening sales. Candidates and prospective candidateswere feeling the pulse of the publicin the interest of their candidacy.There was a small crowd in the city.NEW DIRECTORY ISSUEDPatrons of the Maysville Home Telephone Co., have been treated to newtoionhrme directories, issued from theDvPSS of 'jHE BOURBON N3iftVS jobvooims. The new books were delivered to the subscribers last week. Asusual with everything that comesfrom THE NEWS- iob rooms, tnehook was a fine specimen of the ty-.nosranical art, and a work that wiu! 4 'I1 ! ! 4' rI' !' 'I' 'I' 'I' 'I' 'I' 'I ' '' '' 'I' '' ' ' '' ' ' j."Bigvin every departvriDE-lift f'CAPT. JAMES ROGERS ANSWERS"LAST ROLL CALL."In the fullness of a life repletewith distinguished service and ofhigh honors worthily bestowed, and Isecure m the esteem and high regard of his fellow-men, Capt. JapiesRichard Rogers, gallant soldier andChristian gentleman, passed into theother world Friday afternoon at twoo'clock. The end came- at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, towhich Capt. Rogers, who had been511 for some time of uraemic poisoning, had been removed from his homenear Cane Ridge. With that finecourage which had characterized his"ife during the four years of the CrvilWar, he met the Death Angel, andpassed away unafraid "into thatborne from which no traveler e'erreturns."Capt. Rogers was born on May 13,1840, in a Jog cabin on a part of thefarm where his old home now stands,the estate being known as "Glenwood." He was the son of WarrenBrown Rogers ard Mary LouiseLindsay Rogers, his' motlief being adaughter ot Col. Nimrod Lindsay, anative of Culpepper county, Virginia,who came to Bourbon county in1809 and settled near North Middletown. Cant. Rogers:' father died onOctober 22, 1864, and his motherdied on April 20, 1906. Hewasthe last of his family, one sister, Alice M., who marriedCol. Robert G. Stoner, dying in 1898,and another sister, Lou Rogers, wifeof former Circuit Clerk Joseph M.Jones, dying in 1880. His early education was- acquired in the schoolsof his day, and he added to his storeo'f knowledge by an earnest study atall times when not otherwise occupied. With the exception of thefour years he was in the Confederatearmy his life was spent on the farm,to which he brought a native intelligence inheiited from a long line ofancestors.When the call to anms came in thear between the States in 1861 heenlisted in the Confederate army rt.sa private in Company C, FirstBattalion, Kentucky Mounted Rifles,He was afterward promoted to theadjutancy of the Third ijauanuu,Kentucky Cavalry, commanded byCol. E. F. Clay, of Bourbon county,and served throughout the war, being promoted to a captaincy. Hiswhole heart was in the cause of the.Confederacv, and no more devotedfollower of that ccuse ever wore aConfederate uniform. He was brave,gallant and interr-id, a fine exampleof the iman and soldier, such as mudftthe South famous, both in peace anain war.Capt. Rogers was a devoted mem;.e quate rural police system will be1" Of the 'MaSOniC OrdOl. AiO .r,imX than n-ffahv b o-nni-7 ttxmli-.ber of the 'Masonicmember of the Blue Lodge,theChapter, and was formerly a memberof (lie K. T. Command ery, Past Master; Past High Priest, and for twenty years was Grand Marshal of theSlate Grand Lodge of Masons. Howas a man of fine intelligence, am'besides being a frequent and welcome contributor to Masonic journals and to the local press, was tneauthor of a notable work, "Historyof Old Care Ridge unurcii,went into several editions. He wasa wortfcv and representaivc citizenof fiie ancestry, one whote idealsand achievements were of the sainhigh order as those of the fine menwho have gone before him.Capt. R'es-ers is survived by oneniece, Mrs. May Stoner Clay, of Bourbon county, one nep-new, wc "Stoner, of Montgomery county, nunone great-niece, Mrs. Hiram Rosc-be-ry, of near Pris- . .The fureral was held at tweo'clock Saturday afternoon, with services conducted at the family homeby Rv. Ward Russell, pastor of theLittle Rock Christian church. Theburial followed on the- family lot inthe Paris Cemetery. At the gravethe commitment services were incharge of the Masonic bodies and theConfederate Veterans. The honorarynail-bearers were members of thelocal camp Confederate Veterans.The active pall-bearers were: Richid P. Hopkins, Charles R. Walls,Ben F. Hopkins, J. Elmer Boaidman.EdseTl Clark, C. E. Ralls, G. AllisonHolland and Robert Burnam, Sr. .DOWN GOES SILVER.Beginning January 1, 1921,weannounce a reduction in priceof 20 per cent on our entire stock61 Sterling Silver Flatware.SHIRE & FITHIAN.(4-2t)CHANCE FOR PROSPECTIVEGuilders contractor locates IN PARISHaving bought and moved into theRion propel ty on Second street. I amlocated permanently in Paris, I amsolicit an apportunity to figure onbuildings and repairs of all kinds.Buildings constructed either by contract or day work hy competent menninside repair work and improvements should be done now, beforethe Spring building begins Tenanthe uses needed for March 1 shouldbe contracted now to enable carpenters to, begin work just as soon asweather win permit.rrrt nnmmnnicate with me,callCumberland Phone 899, or leave?Z mo office of the BourbonLumbeil Company.(32t.) HOMER LRANKIN.BUILDING PERMIT GRANTED" r -n-Ti- wnrv i safeguarding it, a function cared forThe Department of Public woiK,by the rjB-glEfry department,in Lexington issued a building pe information to' this effect has beettmit Saturday to Carter M. Martin, .ieceiv ere by postmaster J. Walformerly of Paris, to erect a, garage i ter Paynef -in a circular letter frompj his residence.501 Elm Tfee Lane,.. fiieppt office 'Department at Washin Lexington. V , fcA , -v Jington '.'J MJ?4S25VELL ANNOUNCESFOR THE LEGISLATURE ti- iTo 'The Democratic Voters Of Bourbon County, Ladies andventlemen: Since the days of my boyhood ithas been my ambition to .have thehonor of being the Representative ofJBourbon County in the State Legislature, and, as the years have passedthere still remains in my heart thisdream of my youth.JAs you all know I am and havebebn a farmer all of my life and Ibejieve that I am acquainted with theevils from which the farmers of thiscounty have suffered and are nowsuffering, and I believe there is aremedy for these evils.The most important question be-jfore our people today, in my judgment, is the improvement of ourTiiral schools. We need better schoolhouses, the best teachers, longertejrms and better school equipment.Our teachers are poorly paid and thesupply is insufficient.Until we can raise the salaries ofthe teachers and extend theand extend the termsof the schools there is little inducement for our young ladies and youngmen to adopt teaching as a profession., The condition of the farmer couldbe improved materially by producingbetter andLpurer bred livestock, andI am in favor of such legislation aswill enable us to put at the disposalof those who can not supply theirown needs such pure blooded stockas will enable every farmer to produce the best classes of all livestock.It costs no more to produce a purebred animal than one of lower gradeand the sale value of the pure bredanimal is much larger.The farm lands in our Central Kentucky Counties are bearing more thana fair proportion of the taxationwhile the rich mineral, and timberlands and intangible property arebearing less.I am in favor of such legislation aswill put all classes of property upona fair and equitable basis, and whenthis is done, I believe that the burdenof taxation on our lands will be materially lessened.In order to fully enjoy our homesand schools we must have good roads,therefore, I favor good roads. Thereis only one way to have them andthat is to build them ourselves. Wecan get some help from the State andFederal government, but the greaterburden will rest upon us.I favor a rural police system. Ourfarming communities do not haveenough police protection and I be-liftvp t.ho PYnPH5P nf mnintniniTJor nnand the protection afforded to ourhomes and our property ; but no matter what the cost I shall advocatethe adoption of such legislation aswill give our rural communities protection from criminals.I spent two years in Canada wherethere is the most efficient rural police system in existence and I havehad an opportunity to see the effectsof it. Crime is practically unknownin the rural districts of Canada.I advocate the adoption of a suitable law against vagrancy as thereshould be no place in our communityfor any able bodied person who willnot work.I am not the candidate of any faction and have not been solicited tomake this race by any person.I am trying to bring .to fruitionthe ambition of my life.If elected I promise the people ofthis county the best that is in me.I have been a Democrat all mylife and believe in the principles ofmy party especially in the rule ofthe majority. Upon this platformand with these promises I solicit yoursupport and I promise to accept yourdetermination with good grace.Very trulv vours,JIM LI. CALDWELL.MANUFACTURERS MUSTLICENSE TAX BYFEBRUARYPAYReport blarks for the State licensetax assessed against manufacturersin Kentucky have been mailed fromthe office of the State Tax Commission at Frankfort to every manufacturer in Kentucky. Tne tax is 50cents on each part of its authorizedcapital stock represented by propertyowned and business transacted inthe State. The tax must be paid byFebruary. Warning to manufacturers that they must pay the Statelicense tax of fifty cents on each $1.000 of their capital represented byproperly owned or business transacted in the State, has been issued bythe KentucKy Manufacturers' Association. The warning states that thelax must be paid by February 1 andthat failure to get the report blankfrom the State Tax Commission doesnot exehvpt the copipany affectedfrom heavy penalties under the Statelaw.NEW MAIL RULING OUT.Special delivery mail hereaiter wihnot require receipt. Such mail will1?e delivered to the addressee or tothe person auhorized to receive it,and if delivery cannot be nicde tothe person addressed it vvill be -placedin the mail boxes and a noticeleft under the door The change hin keeping with a plan to use ex-ineditiner (mail matter and not forTOBACCO MARKETS TO OPENTHIS MORNING.'Ihe stage is all set for the opsnmg or tne iuzi s&ies on tne iJan.jtobacco markets. The auctioneersand tjie buyers are here, the floorsii' full of tobacco, and the groweersarc anxiously wailing to see whatthe prices will be.Tie sales open at the Paris HouseNo. 1, of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Company at nine o'clock,and 111 continue until called. Alarge force of employes have beenbusy for several weeks arrangingthings for the opening-, and everything vrill be in fine trim when theauctioneers call for bids It is expected that the' opening sales willbe attended ty lirge crowd3, as the,tobacco question has become one ofthe (most absorbing business mattersnow engrossing the attention ofBouibon county farmers.The opening of the Lexingtonmarket, the largest in the world, yesterday, proved a disappointment tothe growers in the matter of prices.At least two-thirds of the bids wererejected by tlte growers in the earlyofferings. Much of the leaf whichwas sold yesterday for a dollar ahundred, was asserted to to be thesame grade that brought twenty-fiveo thirty cents during the last season. There was considerable talk ot"a pool among the growers. Manydeclared they would take their cropsback home to be used Tor fertilizer,and some will hold until later in thtseason. Tne top puce ot tne markerwas fifty-six cents for one basket,sold at the New Headley WarehouseNo. 2. There was considreable talkajmong the growers favoring cuttingout the crop next year. The rangeof prices during the sales variedfrom one cent a pound to forty-six.The eighteen warehouses had about5,500,000 pounds of tobacco on theirfloors.TO THE VOTERS OF PARISIn this issue of THE NEWS I ammaking public announcement of mycandidacy for the office of Chief ofPolice of Paris. I have never helda public oflice and am a young man,capable of filling the office in a satisfactory manner. I do not propose togo too strong in making my announcement, but there is one thing Iwish to say, and that is, that, Ifelected, I will fill the ornce io thesatisfaction of the citizens of Paris,and will see that all the laws arcstrictly enforced. I hope to see allthe voters of the city' in person, andpresent my case fo- their consideratioh. ""THOS. CRAVEN.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance.THQMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANfWE KNOW HOWNETTLET0NSHOESReduced toS17.00WITCHELKSHOESnReduced toS4.00'tThe above pricesare made to raise cashCome in TO-DAY and get a pairof high grade shoes at a reasonableprice.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MENINCREASE IN WATER RATES' ISDELAYEDDue to efforts of the Paris f!nmJmcrcial Club and the City Councilthe advertised increase in water.iates did not take effect SaturdayWhether they will go into effect atn later date depe-nds upon the findings of va committer tvhrt win -.amine datafurnished bv the PnriWater Co., in an effort to prove itsstatement that the business was operated at a loss during the past yearand that it became necssary to increase the rates. The following answer to a telegram sent by MayorJanuary requesting a reconsiderationof the matter, was received."Hartford, Conn., Dec. 30, 1920."Hon. E. B. January, Mayor, Paris.Ky."We appreciate the courtesy ofyour telegram and assure you that itis our earnest desire to take no unreasonable action. We are, therefore, instructing our Mr. Mitchell toaccept payment on account at present rate for all January bills. Thisis pending your committee's conference with Mr. Mitchell and JudgeDickson, our counsel, to whom, weare forwarding complete data foryour examination, which will convince you to reasonableness of ourincrease in our rates."L. H. FULLER. Treasurer."TABLETTO MEMORYHEROES.OF WARMemory of the twenty former students, and one professor of the University of Kentucky who lost theirlives in the world war, will be perpetuated in a tablet of bronze whichhas teen received at the University.The tablet will likely be placedeither in the hall of the main building or in the chapel.The tablet bears the names of theUniversity heroes, their classes, rankand how they lost their lives.The one of special interest to Parlepeople is as follows: "Reuben BrentHutch craft. Jr., Professor of Law,Captain of Infantry, Rainbow Division, A. E. F. Killed in action, battle of Argonne, November 7, 19.18."oBURRED BY EXPLOSIONJ. T. Tadlock, of the C. S BallGarage, who was severely burnedabout the head and neck last weekby the explosion of a quantity ofalcohol, is improving, and will beable to resume his duties soon. MrjTadlock was inspecting the radiatorof an automobile in which had beenpoured alcohol to keep the waterfrom freezings -The alcohol in somemanner became ignited from sparksdropped from a cigar being srnokeaby a bystander. In the explosionwhich followed Mr. Tadlock was severely burned. He was removed tohis home on High street, where his;;oJnuinjuries were given pneciicai anuri-tijr&:'-vare bargains andRLAKEMORE41-iMAItinI452&mHHi IInhi8s-?f-- -" - ..J .''- . ..v-.." 3 rV ,. ' V- . -atfw.33-K-' -5 &s,V'VVv r. A .M"V-rM."via,1" .-vrf- - . rv.i t f . 5 p"yif1 Jrw,SS'i .PAtJETWON NEWS, PARIS, UBNTUCRTUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 121,- -."4'IE BOURBON NEWStruiWiiicd 188139 Years of Com-tinuom Publication.busked Ifrery Tueiday and Fridayri Ycar..$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.EDITOBIAL PHlfeS OF THIS,1THAT 'EIT.'TOTHER:-WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,lostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)tfUE. POREIGN REPRESENTA-TIVES.Sew York American Pres A months according to -a note ina Gin-t,Z American .rress Asso- j cinnati -daily. As Akron is tlc rubChicago Lord & Thomas.The Weather Bureau took ,nnchances on its predictions for Christmas weather. It first said warmweather, and then a cold wave. 'You may break, you mayShatter the bottle if you will.But the scent of th moonshineWill cling to it still. CWe wonder if the operator acljbcParis-Grand Woula mind slowing imon speed long enough to give patronsa chan' to read the titles and Subtitles of the pictures he is running?1! f,Forty-one pairs of twins werebornin Akron. Ohio, in the last'" fSIW; ALMOSTnmnDojiiicjiiroiiian Savs Tanlac Has'TiJaJpi New Woman of HerCan't Praise It EnoughvBourbon County Far ForRent At Public Auction4)N-WantedIT.Philadelphia N. W. Avers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Lonisville-r-Stark-Lowman Co.J ber town this statementbeen stretched a little.I can recommend Tanlac with allheart." sid Mrt,. Susie Madaris,1 lUeaaris, 226 West Fourteenth St..Cpvington, Ky., "foi since taking theiedlcine I am enjoying just wonderul health and strength."For nearly a year I was almost ar rvo'.is wreck. I lost my appeTite socompletely that I had no desire whatever for food. I felt tired and wor-nont all the time and seemed to hfm?y Vavcj Trying all the energy I ever had. Ofi all troubles I think nervousness. must be the worst for I never hadAny erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation-iic2i may appear in the columns of" HE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlytorrected if brought to attention ofne editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perjach for first time; 60 cents per inchrich subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineissue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 'cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andrtmil&r matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reset ved3o decline any advertisement or otherpatter for publication.Announcements for political officestuBt invariably be accompanied byle cash.ANNOUNCEMENTS.Some people don't believe.' in pro-J anything before to give me half theverbs, but before long the Senium- J worry and s completely rob life ofcan leaders are going to be mu"!iur-ial1 its pleasures.J .. i- i . ,,.. . . i H,vrm 'ho toctimnniolo T nn ..i.. .. .. owmuuiaio x sawwhere lots of people had been relieved of their nervousness and thatgave me heart to tr it. It took holdJ of jmy condition r'ght at once andouut me right up. In almost no timeI began io relish my meals and regain my stiength."Now I am full of engery, perfectly healthy and life is a pleasureto me. In fact, Tanlac has trulymade me a new woman and I cannever praise it enough."Tanlac h- sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (ad )nig o eacn otner: "un, aat atangled web we weave whp- nrtwe practice to deceive!"We weep for that littte ivwicliybride who killed herself w 'V h"rhusband was caught in a o of lies.A disaster greater than th recentAvar -H'ould overtake tlK woild,i allwives of lying husbands restored to?uch -m extremity of despair as that.Saturday, Jan. 8, 1921,at the Couit House door, at 11 a. m.We. as agents for Mrs. Dorcas UsseryGunn, will rent her farm of 156acres, located ou the Giecnwich.Pike, just off the Lexington pike,about 6 miles from Paris.The farm is to be cultivated as 'folio v-s: 53 acres for corn, 45 acres to!be sown in oats or barley, 50 acres ingrass and 8 acres for tobacco.It also has a small tenant hou3e.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(24-4t)Furnished apartwitntfor flighthousekeping, byoupleiithoufccnildren. Reference furnished by.Parisparties. "inquire of "BOURBONNEWS. (dec3-tf)Taxi Cab SerriceFarm Loans, 6TERMS 5 AND 10 YEARSS.T.&E.W., HANDLE502 PAYETTE NAT. BANK,LEXINGTON, KY.dec28-tf)There was a man n cur townAnd he was wondrous wiseHe was a mental wu. an. youMay easily surmiseHis skill was quit uncanny whSnThe Ni-w Year ca.af along;He always knew v.Vt datfc it nsAnd never wrote vrong'There is a fas,else, and it is -talkard timepremiums andbe paid by Vlarge instituto be an inright spiri',i in talk as in alli . the fashion towe note thate? continue tostores and otherand this we takp not only of the-if prosperity.PLACABLE FANATICISM.Lost or StrayedProm my residence on Parrishavenue, Saturday night, a bay mare,with a little white on one hind footReward for her return or for information leading' to her recovery. CallCumberland Phone 4 76.Important AnnouncementThe TnrifiTnnfint Tnharrn "Warehouse Co., of Paris. Kentucky .willopen their warehouse for receivingtobacco, December 20, 1920. Thewagons will not be unloaded untilDecember 28, 1920. )Due to the increased cost of operation, the selling fees for the coming season will be 2 per cent ami25 cents per hundred.CHAS'r C. CLARKE, President.D. W PP:ED, Manager.(17-tf)When you want taxi cab serrice,any hour of the day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428.THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.Clerks WantedClerks, fmen and women) over 17,for Postal Mail Service, $130 pormontL. Examinations January 15.Experience unnectssary. For ireparticulars, write J. Leonard, (former Civil Service Examiner), DS5Equitable Building, Washington,D. C. (31-2HHI I II III 1 1 1 II I II II 1 111 I 111 I HI 111 II II I II II 1 1 1 1 1 1 H IGEORGE R. DAVISiUndertakerSuccessor to Geo. W. DavisDISTINCTIVE SERVICEtBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.44&ww4f'Zt "M-M' 'M-1 imiiimmiAll persons knowing thpanselvesindebteri to the estate of tlrj saidFOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiddletown, as a candidate for theoffice of State Senator from theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at thiBpHs.FOR, REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorizr-d, to announceJAMES H.. THOMPSON, of Paris, asa candidate for re-election as Repesentative from Bourbon County inthe Lower House of the KentuckyLegislature, subject to the actior ofthe voters rf the county at the primary election, August 2, 1921.Administrator's NoticeAll persons having claims againstthe estate of the late George W.) Davis, are hereby notified to presentWhile it may be admitted that at .same, properly proven, as requireatimes in the history of civilization tbY law to the. undersigned Adminis-lanaticism has seemed tc assist thetiraiolt ir aajusurumi ana pnvmenrcause of liberty, it clearly is truethit, in the maioriiv of instances, ithas retarded or se: back that rrren 1 f George W. Davis m any way arenrinninlp ' hereby nottified to call on the under-'The recent attempt to imnose signed Adn-inistratur ond make a fulluDon this npnnin taw kv offlointc and just settlemer.i of all such m-vather than thvnuo-ii tiiA nnpmiinn indebtedness.of statul es interpreted by the Courts,perhaps, sienerally speaking, has beentoo flippantly diseubsed by the presIt is possible that the proposal ofthe prohibition enforcement officialswith reference to the restriction ofthe sale of malt and hops appears soPreposterous to the minds of publisher that they have deemed the matterto be unworthy of more serious discussion. But the enforcement fantics are serious enough A tatuouspublic incredulity has been responsible for all the so-called victoiies ofthese radicals, who have assumed theright to regulate public morals andhabits by legal enforcement. Is thepresent insufferable proposed invasion of the personal rights and liberties of the citizens also to receivelegal sanction? Is the nation readyAbe Aiivi' ,'C graphical Societytells wh? ..a. the origin of. theClnistmas tree, mistletoe obseivance and mince pie, leaving to thearchaeologists discussion of the period in which the igns "Free Eggnog" and "Tom and Jerry" werehung up along every street in everyAmerican city at Christmas.The utter foolishness of the suggestion that the coming of the gladChristmas day be marked by placinga lighted candle in the window onChristmas Eve cannot be loo stronglydenounced. Too many risks aretaken as it is, and too many trage- ; to submit to an autocratic dominadios result from this "Christmas ! tion which seek to force its sinistercandle" sentiment to be given coun- Power into the homei of the peo-tenance. The tradition is respectable I ?le' .icn c.lai!"s ine " t0 av, .. . . . ., . . . .. I to citizens in business: "You challand the intent pretty enough, but the i , WMnt nfor. rTrr,ct,v ,in.practlce would be nether more noi ' tioi;s .on innoCe!jt Products to Any ATJTO REPAIRING ANDless than un invitation to disaster. wi10 care to buy them?" lERAL MACHINE WORK.Such is the law by oflicitls now IIt is characteristic of Paris (Ky.) 'sought to be enfoced under colorOWEN L. DAVIS.Administrator of Geo. W. Davis.(dec31-4ks)7?New Firm IWe have formed a partnership 'mder the firm name of Paynter & !Fronk, for the purpose of conduct- jing a general blacksmithing, wood- .working and horseshoeing business jat the old Curtis stand, in EatParis. We know our busineso jthoroughly and invite your patronage, guaranteeing best workmanship and satibfaction, as well as reasonable prices.STROTHER PAYNTER, ;JOHN FRONK. j(octl.tf) !WELDINGGEN-FOR SHERD7F.ndidate for the Democratic nom-j people that they should be commer- j of the authority granted by the Val-tJiatum for Sheriff of Bourbon scially-nn'nded Wo heard with noi551" ". . iuf rsy uieir own reasoning ititrru is1 just as much authority in lav for ," I intfrinhnw I'm snla rf n nnToc !iwriuiii'ii. ui oitiw Ji. njj-oiIHGG1NS & RICHARD,County at the Primary Election inAugust,. 1S21. When electedSheriff- my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.surprise at all thft they shiedmistleto at $5 a bunch, withpreity riooon uiruv.n in. s n any neache. -ranes. barley, coin audiprice could be nign enough lor a j tnat fathei and mother of all alco-bunch of mistletoe and all the qp- hoi. :uigar. as there is for the re-R. ED BEDFORD, candidate for .portunities that w.iuld go with it! (striction of- the sale of hops andSheriff of Bourbon County, respect-; " s malt. Thev might as justly say:fully solicits your support and in-i in speaking of the numerous fads, ' "Thou shaU have ro starch!"fluenee IreformsMid other disturbing -ele-,.Tle fanaticism back of the pro-Davia' K Clark and W. Fred Link, ment , American life Rica.n hlbltl0n enforcement is. implacable.Deouties. ments in American me, juca.,.n u .g re respons5ve to tho fmpuI.' (Martin, the great American tenor f pasqlon than jt is responbive t.(who in plain life :s Richard Martin, tnc 0rdfrlv processes of the Ilav.a native of Hopkintville, Ky.,) says: r0 n.iiercd seditionist during th-? I"The American people have gone critical days of the Avar ever pro-jl.i..a ,, re-.n: w i, ti. etari- cfm-ino- nra?v mi witfh hiinr- uoseu a more aan,erous or revoiu-,I1I1.I.. I Ifll 1! l I I' nillllVIl l .lIl-llil.CXJV. .JllV.l.t ..fcT v. ..- -w--"Cr-efY-T6 -i foViJrlnfo fnr Tailoi- nf I imr ' hnntoh .1iv'ninr' fVf:Sdl Oil'and all sorts of unmanly isms.with particular reference to fanaticism and busybodyism." To which areform-ridden public responds."Amen!'A Paiis youth ransacked all the128-130 W. Eighth St.Cumb. Phone 73.I VlJ"J-tlOJParis, Ky.v I5S .T-.r.T.rTiTTM-TTrTnTrrrnrr.gLti-J jOU R facilities areof the highestcharacter. We areequipped to satisfythe most exactingclient. The courteous conduct of ourstaff matches the up-to-datenessof ourequipment.mInnHi1tIFOR JAILERWe are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of " the MillersburgFcsterT"Tis..a candidate for Jailer of I ingBourbon county, subject to the ac- pinstion of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersla. his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a caniidate for Jailer of Bourbon county; subject to the arlion of the Dem-COrners of his tbinMank for a mottoocratic primary. to inscribe on "his Christmas greeting,! cards, and finally selected this one:"I can't drink your health this Smastionarv invasion ot constitutionaland personal liberty than tins noupropcired bj the lisctples of a destructive paternalism.THROW GUT IDE LIInvest In:&FOR TAX .COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS H. MOREL AND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon Countywiih VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, otMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic voter?ofBourbon county. jWith either Bourbon or rye,For I'm living the life of a carnalIn a town that's gene bone-dry.Give Tliejn Help and Mary ParisPeople Will Be Happierthey. , . ,, , '-Throw Out the Life Line.-Wheie once we pledged the season s i Weak 1:jdneys necd helphpst . i they're f'ften overworked! In .scasoied ale iv 'Extra Dry' ; don't get the poison filtered out ofVe now nust roat each Christmas :he blood.j guest . ' Will ou help tl.em?.With chucks of cako and cuts of pie.' ' Doan's Kidney Pills have broughtWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMidclletown precenict. as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bour-j .bon county, with THOMAS TAUL, J .An acquaintance of ours can t-.e-'ofParis, as deputy, subject to the cide whether to get married or buyaction of the Democratic voters of an automobile. All we can say is thatBourbon county. an automobile has to be repaintedJ only once in two or three years,row JJtitfuix ajl jUii-no-, wnue -a womanSIONER. .Ben Woodford, Jr. will make therace for Deputy i:i connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissioneria .Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.SCHOOL HEAPS' TO MEETSuperintendent of , Public Instruction George Colvin has called aneeting of the executive committeeof superintendents of cities of thefirst four classes to he held in Frankfort, January 26, or one day before'he meeting of the county superintendent's oi ganizatlon. The committee will pei feet plans for uniformschool work, especially as relates touniformity of certification.The members of the committee arc-Superintendents Zeuos Scott, Louiville; Ralph Yakel. Paducah; M,Ligon, Henderson, and W. J. Caplinbenefit to thousands of kidney sufi ferers Ak your neighbor.Pans testimony pioves their worth! Mrs. J. T. Mnttox, 905 Pleasantj-treet. Paris says: "Both mvself andmy husband have "tsed Doan's Kidney Pills- with very satisfactory re- Ii :uKs and so far as my own experl- J! ence sroes I can recommend them j' very highly. At times my back wouldj have a weak and painful feelingthrough it rnd I would be quite dizzy( by rpelJs. My kidneys didnt wtright, either. I began using Doai.'sKidney Pills and" they scon relieved'the trouble, lesroring my strength!-ind giving me better health generi illy."Prie. 00c. at all dealers. Don't"No To-Bac'has helped thousands , simply ask for a kidnev remedv-7-getlo break the costly, nerve-shattering , Doan's Kidney Pills tile same thaitobacco habit. Whenever you have a Mrs. Mattcx had. Foster-Milburnlonging for a cigaiette, cigar, pipe, Co.. Mfrs.. Buffalo. N. Y. fadvSLSWEAR OFF1 TOBACCOThe "Staked Plain."The uSal;ed Plain" i sui extensive0-! I eor for a chew, just place a harmlessNo-To-Bac tablet in your mouth in-stead, to help relieve that awful de-jcivn CSiirkftli' flirt Viohit mnv lin -rrcil N-. U11UJ 1.1 l ..V-- 111. IS l HHVJ IV uiii- i , ., , . ,- . . :pletely broken, and vou are DCt,Pr simie iniui m-nn western uexn;off mentally, nhvsicailv. financiallv. slcr!, l1'"'" in northwestern. Texas jire It's s6 ca?y. so simple. 3et a. box ot j 1,llnf which it d-ried from lines ofi- No-To-Bac and if t doesn't if-Ieaso-tMiikes which -rc oi up to-gnide trsiv-L-iyojfrom all craving for tobacco in I elers. r. nt'cnrdimr t ancther account.i-1 any form, your druggist will refund j from tho sialic of a jiicca plant re-j2 our money wirnoui question j semhi.ng staUcHome IndustriesMake your New Year present this year onethat will give a future, return. Our shortterm bonds due in 1929 net 7,6 interestper year. We refund the 4 mill State Taxand Normal Income Tax.m "Vt -.$50 Bond sold for $45 '$100 Bond sold for $90 .Terms cash or on installment plan ask anyTraction employee for details-tLexington Utilities CompanyIncorporated in Kentucky156 West Main Street Lexington, Ky,:SU -m-.41rAv. ;-If 'J. "t -zi&:?.??;L, r- i. . -iIMPERFECT IN 0R1GINALJ'?-?8"J'S""&&' h - Z &&'-ZaiT.v.4 .'.X1r.s mjU0if N ixftf-.r&'.W. '-s..a-v:14-rkrV--TUESDAY, JANUARY, 1$21MILLERSBURGTHE- BOURBON v MnTSp PJWSs KmmMVHPAG1THRM 'Dr. W. G. Daiky was in Gincinnatr, professionally Saturday.Mrs. Roy C. Pope, of Ashland, isthe suest pf her parents, Mr. anaMrs. S. S. Bruce.Quite a number from here attended the funeral of Capt. JamesRogers, at Paris, Saturday afternoon.The Graded School opened Monday with a good attendance. The M.vC. and M. M. I. "will open Wednesday. Mr. and Mrs. R.- L. Buffington,of Columbus, O., are guests of theirsister, Mrs. Allie Har Miller, auafamily.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell is improving nicely at Massie Memorial Hospital, Paris, and will be af home ina few days.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell is improv-iiior ninp.lv fit Mnp.t'ip. Mpmnrinl Wno.pit.il, Pa.i is, and will be at home in ja few days.Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Judy entertained a number of their -frienusFriday evening with an elaborate sixo'clock dinner, after which rook wasindulged in until the old year -wentout and the new had taken itcplace on the calendar of time. jMis Elizabeth Pruitt entvi'tamed the following friends of MissEsther Tarr at an elaborate dinnerThursday: Misses Sara Thorn, ofLexington. Alice McClintock andMi. llobt. Turner, of Paris, Misses Jw. j. Kirr;VETERINARIAN iSuccessor to Dr. Vatson.omc InBOTJEEON GAKAGE. PARIS. X. ;(nov-19-tf)Both Phones 347.,.;.tl.Cn;..:.'I''I''M'H,:''M,'I''I"'I,,S''H2,tMarsha TPurdy, Nettie Shannon,?rSfM?T ,and Catherinelarr, of Millersbuig.The Millersbur-Coal & LumbeiCo. have z good supply of coal onhand. BotliPhones 22. -Mrs. James Clyra Shank, MrsFannie Norton and Mrs. Anna Darnall continue about the same.Misses Lavina Layson and Elizabeth Miller were guests of Ms AS. Miller, at the Lexington OperaHouse, Saturday afternoon.Miss Dorothy Peed left Thursday for her duties at Washington. D.C, after spending the Christmas holidays with her sister. Miss CarriePeed.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Munzing andMr. William Vimont, of Maysville,spent the week-end with their mother and sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont,and Miss Florence Vimont.Mrs. T.' D. Judy, Miss-MarvTaylor, Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Vatight,the' lost threfi Of TnHinnnrkrklie T-.-.Mwere guestf, of Mr. and Mrs. K. R.Hutcbings, at Lexington, Thursday.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Leer, Mr. andMrs. J. E. Caldwell and sons, Messrs.Russell and Cla'.borne Caldwellspent a portion of the Christmas holidays with Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Hopper, at Mayslick.The b&nks and postofflce wereclosed here New Year's day. Theday was uneventful. Sunrise prayermeeting was held at the Presbyterian Church at 7 o'clock, ai whichtime he roll of the church was called. The attendance was good. Quitea number of' the members were present, some unavoidably so.The grounds and barns of theCounty High School in this city willbe paid a visit of inspection lo-mor-row(Wednesday) tiy Prof. C. S.Jones, of the Agricultural ExtensionDepartment of the .University ofKentucky. Prof. Jones' visit Avill befor the purpose of determining iheadaptibility of the plant for agricultural experiment work. Mi. Joneswill speak to the school and visitorsat 10:45 a. m. Farmers of the community who are interested in betteragricultural condition are invUed tomeet Pof. Jones. He is an expertin agricultural field worlS The farmers are asked tc meet and advisewith him concerning the introduction of this line of Avork in theschool.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Geraldine Herrin has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Covington.Jeff C. Elgin, of Memphis, Tenn.,spent the holidays here as guest ofhis mother. Mrs. Annie Elgin.Miss May Ratcliffe has returnedto her home in Irvine after a holidayvisit to .Mr. and Mrs. Harry 0. James,ai meir nome on Pleasant street.craft; Messrs. Stanley Dikk tpner Jones and William Co'Us I'Mrs. John A. Bower, was"-qsi3sat her home on Cy Dress st.iv - .-1o-iturday afternoon, at bridsre."Miss Margaret Highland hs ilumen lu ner nqme in UOVlUgtc 2f iter a visit to Miss Geraldine Hu-ripin this cily..axn. inmam r. iiruerv etiov-taineti infoimally at cards last V.'kat her home on the Lexington r-i 2near Paris. "Miss Allene Richardson has r-' gturned to her home in Poindexter at 2ter-a visit to her sister, Mrs. -Jos &Elam, in this city. fMr. end Mrs. Catesby WoodfordPay For Your CarAs You Ridefc..Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wood hnvreturned to their lionccin this city I will leave this week for EustisI S. P. MOHNEY i: 18after a visit to .friends and relativesin Tupelo, Miss.Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Morrison, ofLexington, were guests during theholidays of Mr. and Mrs. William)Cooper, in Paris.Mrs. Louis Saloshin and daughter, Miss Macie Saloshin, of Cincinnati, former residents of Farls, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Sim Levy, rutheir Lome on Ea.t Eighth street, inthis city.Florida, where they will spend the 2remaindfr of the winter. ibMiss Nancy Wilson and Robert YSmith, of Paris, attended the holidaydance given in Carlisle by the young 5wrmon rf T10 ritir Incf Nrrnolr' u'"v"' " '" iLJ' " "ecu.Miss Rebecca Collins has return-ed to hei home in Flemingsburg af- rfer a visit during the holidays at the Shome of her aunt, Mis. Alex Duke, 9on Higgins avenue vMr. and Mrs. James T. Wai e and SChiropractor Jt1 FIFTH YEAR IN PARIS fj4'I,v,XI'vw,H,,I,,X,,i'Frn.nk Snp.qkps hs resigned his position as a member of the Paris Firenpnnrt.mpiit. and "w ill nrobably re-lurn to his first love, the automobile.business. He is succeeded in tne department temporarily by -Louis' Marbolen. A permanent fireman will beselected at the next meeting of theCity Countil.0Peuguines have two distinct kindsof down, first white, then a duskybrown.Miss Nancy Griffith, of Paris, at- son, William Ware, guests of the for- ,tended the meeting of the ?Ientfclle mer's-mother, and of Mrs. ThompsonPark Bridge Club, held at the resi- H. Tari7 during the holidays, havedence of Dr. and Mrs. J. P. Warren, returned to their home in Viiginia. jin Lexington, Friday night. j The Millersburg Dancing ClubMrs. Charles Whaley and Mrs. will entertain with a holiday dance jAnna Skillman, of Paris, spent the at the Opera House in that city to- Jholidays in Latonia as guests of the -.night. Music will be furnished byformer's brother, Joe K. Rodiaon. Smith's Sextette. The hours willand family. They were delightfully will be from eight to three,entertained during their stay 1 Miss Anita Overby entertainedMr. and Mrs. J. N. Dailcy and a number of friends with a theatrelittle daughter, Miss Gladys Earle party last week. After the performDailey, have returned from a visit to ance Hie party were served refreshMr. and Mrs. William Herrington, in ments at the Sweet Shop. Miss OverCynthiana. by's guests were: Misses Isabel Tal-Miss Georgia Christman, who bott, Mary Letton. Anna Cay woodbas been a patient at the Massie Talbott and Ruth Wheeler; Messrs.Memorial Hospital, in this city, foi George Duncan, Farris Adams, Wm.several weeks, has been removed to Collier and Hamlet Collier,her home on the Clintonville road. (Other Personals on Fage 5)near Paris. oMr. and Mrs. William Kenney PADTJOAH PAPEK LOCATESFeiguson entertained with a family, PARIS IN MOUNTAINSdining at their home near Paris, last Iweek. The guests were Dr. and (Paducah Demociat)Mrs. W. N. Offutt, Mr. arid Mrs. R. I When FrJtzi Scheff was in PaduF. Offutt, Sr.; George town, and Webb cah in "Glorianna," she made everyOffutt, of New York City. effort to locate Irvine S. Cobb, asMr. and Mrs. T. ?. Berkley and she was under the impression thatdaughter. Miss Lillian Berkley en- Cobb lived in Paducah. She had boxtertained at their home near Paris, tickets for him to her shew. Missin honor of the following guests: Scheff was the wife of the late JohnJos. Gardner, Thos. English, Thos. A. Fox, Jr., famous novelist, and sheVBrown, Mr. and Mrs. McCoy, kA. RRice, Miss Anna uiu ana lmssv'Jinish, all of Lexington. vMr. and Mrs. Hiram S. Redmonwas anxious to show courtesy to allwriters whose fame can.e equal tothat cf her husband. Several weeks'ago was the anniveisaiy of the deathiV4FORD CAR$268.04BALANCE12MONTHSm)Fa s JLV3 LtL 9PARIS, KENTUCKYK,WBBnar-)ecifiilertained with a dinner party at of Fox and among the wreaths thattheir home on Houston avenue lasl weie placed on his grave at that timeweek The guests were: Misses was one from Fritzi scheff. TheLela Scbggan and Sarah Jones, 0: I grave is located m the same lemtoryLouisville Maj. C. A. Hunt, of Ft. as many of the stories of John lo.t. on vpti worth. Tv-ins. : Lieut. A. J.U.Carroll, of New Jersey, their houseguests. Other guests for the occacinn were: Misses Marie Collins, Mildred Collins, Mary Fithian Hutch-I parksin the'Hills of Old Kentucky.-oHens taken out for li.-mgs onleashes are frequently seen in BerlinIlhnpfty'PhonographsJ &fi and RecordsSAPPHIRE NEEDLE ! NO CHANGE !DOES NOT WEAR RECORDS !M. E. PRUITT,Millersburg,Ky.FURNITURE WALL PAPERFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Service. Ambulance for Hospitals.ifENTIRE STOCK MUST BE SOLDAt a Bis Loss to Us, in order to Raise Money. Now is your opportunity toGet High Grade Goods at the Price of Cheap Made Suits andOvercoats. This Sale is an Absolute NecessityPROFIT BY OUR LOSS.MEN'S OVERCOATS AT HALF PRICE.$80.00 Overcoats Now 40.0075.00 Overcoats. Now 37.5070.00 Overvoats Now l 35.00-65.00 Overvats Now L 32:50, 60.00 Overcoats Now -, 30.0050.00 Overcoats Now 25.0040.00 Overcoats Now , 20.0035.00 Overcoats Now I 1 7.5a20.00 Overcoats Now 10.00MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN SUITS ONE-THIRDOFF.$75.00 Suits Now $50.0070.00 Suits Now-1 46.6565.00 Suits Now ,- 43.3560.00 Suits Now ., 40.0055.00 Suits Now - 36.6550.00 Suits Now T , 33.3545.00 Suits Now 30.0040.00 Suits Now 26.6530.00 Suits Now 20.0025.00 Suits Now 1 6.65t iBOYS KNEE PANTS SUITS ON-THIRD OFF.$10.00 Suits Now $6.651 2.50 Suits Now 83515.00 Suits Now 1 10.001 8.00 Suits Now . 1 2.0025.00 Suits Now 16.6522.50 Suits Nov -15.0030.00 Suits N-w j 20.00ONE-THIRD OFF ON UNDERWEAR.$1.50 Garments Now $1.00,2.50 Garments Now t 1.753.00 Undersuit Now L 2.00.3.50 Undersuit Now 2.35-4.00 Undersuit Now 2.655:00 Undersuit Now J -3.356.00 Undersuit Now '&QB30 PER CENT OFF ON DRESS SHIRTS.$k50 Shirts Now $1 -052.00 Shirts Now 1 -402.50 Shirts Now 1-853.00 Shirts Now - 2.103.50 Shirts Now 2.454.00 Shirts Now -N 2.855.00 Shirts Now 3.501 .50 Work Shirts now 1 -00BOYS OVERCOATS AND MACINTOSHES.$10:00 Ovrcoats Nowl $6.6512.50 Overcoats Now.--, 8.3515.00 Overcoats Now f 1Q-001 8.00 Overcoats Now 1 2.0022.50 Overcoats Now 1 5.0025.00 Overcoats Now 1 6.65 .30.00 Overcoats Now -- 20.00SWEET 0RRC0RD SUITS.$30.00 Values Now -' $20.508.50 Cord Pts Now 6.00OUTINGCLOTH NIGHT SHIRTS.$1.50 Values Now $1.00' 2.00 Values Now ' 1.502.50 Values Now 1.7520 PER CENT REDUCTION ON MEN'S HATS.$15.00 Values Now $12.0010.00' Values Now , 8.008.50 Values Now 6.907.50 Values Now L 6.006.50 Values Now ' fL 5.205.00 Values Now 111 4.00REDUCED PRICES ON ALL GLOVES20 Per Cent. Reduction on Raincoats, odd pants for men and Boys20 Per Cent. Reduction on Mens' and Boys' Caps.25 Per Cent. Reduction on All Sweaters.20 Per Cent. Reduction on All Ties and Mufflers.NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY COME AND BE CONVINCED,PRICE & COMPANYB iMi Tl V ' wmOimm HTHICRS. .1It11a, m' miy-j"yipg.' 'fl.Ji w tJ-V&.x- t1.TB BOURBON NKW5, 14308, KENTUCKYTIJESpAVJiLNUARY 4?lj)2jU.t;iNTTOIIC HEALTH SERVICE LEAS-ES ALTAMONT HOTELThe United States Public HealthService has leased the Altamont andAvenel hotels adjoining Ft. Thomas,near Newport, Ky., across the riverfrqm Cincinnati. The Altamont is t0be used as a general hospital for theSeventh District of the Public HealthService, which comprises the Statesof Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky. TheAvonrl, which is ten minutes' walk,from the Altamont. will serve ar,auarters for -the hospital staff.The- Altamont is beautifully located on a bluff overlooking the river.It is in good condition and can beoccupied at once for nonoperativecases, as certain necessary improvements in the kitchen is in use TheMime Is true of the- operating roomthat is to be built.4n important feature of the hospital Avill be its bathing facilities. Forsome years paineial waters fromsprings in the vicinity have been, utilized , with or without electricityin baths for the hotel. Their therapeutic valne has long been recop-niz(-d.The hospital will have about 200beds.MERGER OF EXPRESS COMPANIES ANNOUNCED.But for the automobile therewould not be so much .Sabbath"breaking and so jmuch bank breaking, iSkirts h&ve gon up so much thatstockings have to be two feet long toreach them.The Adams Express Company,which had an office here previous tothe government control of the transportation companies, has gone out ofexistence permanently, according tojid vices received here by Mr. C. CColliver, local agent for the American Expiess Company.The Interstate Commerce Commie !sion approved tne permanent consoldation of the Adams, America',Wells-Fargo, and Southern Expresscompanies under the title of tieAmerican Railway Express Compnyit being stated that it was the belief of the Commission that bitterse.-vice could be rendered ' thepublic. The companies, sine' thebeginning of the war. have (beenoperating vs. the imerican ExpressCompany, under Government control. The new arrangement willirake no change in the loca officeforces, Mr. Colliver stated.mas Justness exceeded that for thesam time last year by $800. fcT'he money order business vas esp(:ially good, large sura, being sentaay in the form of Christmas giftsSid Christmas . savings to manypints of the country, and to foreignj-nds. The registry department alsomade a fine record. Taken altogether the volume of business transacted for the Christmas period wasfar better than the po&tal people hadexpected.GOOD BUSINESS AT THI LOCALPOSTOFFICELust year, when the toacco markets had distributed thousands of,dollars in the city and county, andother forces tended to general prosperity, it was thought that the record made at the Paris postofflce inthe matter of Christmas receiptswould stand for years to come. "Butthis Christmas, according, to Postmaster J. Walter Payne, the .Christ-UFE'S COURSE.The setting sun passes over thewestern rim and its last beams fallupon an old man who watches fromhis hospital window for the endingof his own day.How like the course of the sun isthe span of (man's life!It dawns with a pink .flush of hopewhich quickly fades. It toils throughthe long middle stretch, bringingwarmth and providing for thosewhom it protects.Then scarcely before we realize it,the zenith is passed and the rapiddescent into the clouded west isstarted.Clouds are as the accomplishmentsof man on his journey. -They reflec4the glory of the sun's rays.In glorious tints of gold andmauve and saffron they hold themagic of a thing departed, they presage the rising of the sun in anotherland after its setting here, the coming of another life after the passingof this one.Albums were originally whitenedboards used in Rome for displayingpublic notices."'""New Year GreetingI deeply appreciate the close relationship between my customers andmyselfduring 1920, and heartilythank the liberal trade that hasbeen accorded me. I wish all myfriends and customers a prosperousNew Year.(It) J. "ELVOVE.Attention:-wLostBetween Frankfort and Cyntfiiana.one 33x4 Goodrich Cord Tire andRi.n. Black and white tire cover.Return to Bourbon Garage and receive reward. (tf)Administrator's NoticeRealCandy!All parties knowing themselvesindebted to pie will please call andsettled not later than January 15th.It takes money to meet my obligations and to do so promptly, I must.collect promptly. Respectfui?y,(It) J. ELVOVE.All parties indebted to the estateof the .late 'J. A. Dudley are requested to settle with the undersigned. Those having claims againstthe estate will please present sameproperly proven according to law,for payment.W. K. DUDLEY,(4-3wks) Administrator.FOR SALEI offer for sale my property inShippville, near Millersburg. Sameconsists of iy2 acres of ground,good house, cistern, coal house,fcmoke house, etc. Property is wellimproved and in good shape. Possession given 1st of March. For information, address or call onj NANCY SIMPSON,2t-pd) Millersburg, Ky.Fruit Trees ForSale !Consisting of apple, peach, pear,plUm and shade trees, also grapevines, and fancy roses and othep-varieties.This is Stark Bros." Nursery Stock and will be sold Saturday, Jaruaiy 8, 1921. These areunclaimed orders.N. H. BRADLEY, Agent,140 East Third Street, Paris, Ky.(lt-pd)We have just received the finest assortment of fiLiggetts Candiesmade in Boston the Chocolaieswith the Wonderful Centers'-,advertised in your magazinelook for the ad. Fresh by express every few days.Bulk Chocolates 90c a poundBox1 Goods $1.25 to $1.75 apound.To introduce these goods wewill have a special sale everySaturday. Take a pound home-VARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHE REXALL STOREBoth'Phone's Paris, Ky.MX aa jja mgk bjm BSHBI iH HA' AH HIBH ' H flB H M MUM kM aB ayaaaac mmtBaldwin Bros., to whom I sold my building and was to give possession January 1st, have extended me another month, and possibly two more" months, in orderthat I may completely dispose of my entire stocks. I could readily sell out my merchandise at auction to merchants, jobbers, etc., but I am going to give the publicthe benefit of prices never before heard of in order to show my appreciation to the Bourbon and surrounding county public for their business given me for -yearspast. Now is your chance to supply your needs for months to come. We positively will not move any goods to Lexington, as we carry ready-to-wear only at theLexington store.We will Make a Clean Sweep; Everything Must Go, RegardlessSuits At Half Price and Less$45.00$24.75AtValues to $95.00goatValues to $65.00goatDress Prices SlaughteredUp to $55.00 Dresses CQQ Cflto go at P057.0WUp to $75.00 Dresses $49 50Up to $65.00 Dresses QiOA 7to go at p.iJOne lot of Dresses, values to $40.00, dio aqto go at MI.JJOCoats at Less than Half Price$24.75..$49.50One lot of Coats, values to $65.00,to go atOne lot of Coats, values up to $100.00,to go at v.Children's CoatsOne lot up to $35.00 values.to go atOther Coats at half price and less.$12.50Every Skirt in the House to Goat Half PriceAll Furs and Neckpieces at HalfPriceBlanketsS6.00 Blankets to go atper pair$9.00 Blankets to go atper pair .SlO.OOBlankets-togoatper pair$12.50 Blankets to go atper pair$6.50 Blankets to go atper pair$3.50 Blankets to go atper pair$15.00 Blanketslto go at jper pair 1122.50 Blankets to go at fper pair '."flu$25.00 Blankets to go at fper pairil...$2.98..$4.50$5.00.$6.25..$3.25.$1.75$7.50$11.25$12.50All Millinery at Half PriceAll White Goods at Half PriceOrgandies, Voiles,' Skirtings, Dimity, Long Cloth,Diaper Cloth, Toweling, Line. , Middy Cloth,Madras, Batiste, Crepe, Motor Cloth, CurtainMaterial.Our Remaining Stocks Will BeSold at Half Price and LessWhich include Warner, Corsets, Hosiery, Ribbons,Notions, Handkerchiefs, Poplin, Scarf Sets, Parasols, Petticoats, Silk Underwear, Muslin Underwear, Cotton Batts, Crib Blankets, Towels, PillowCases, Blouse Waists, House Dresses, Kimonos.Bath Robes, Middy Suits and Dresses, Gloves,Veiling, Lace and Embroidery.Outing Cloth in solid colors, stripes and checks -i rto go at, per yard IDCPercale, light and dark colors, 50c quality, orto gD at. per yard OCHope Bleached and Unbleached Muslin -j j-to go at. per yard IDC94 Pepperel Bleached Sheeting, 8oc values, jqto go at, per yard "C94 Pepperel Unbleached Sheeting, 75c values Mrto go at, per yard K. OC32-inch Dress Ginghams, up to 75c values, qqto go at, per yard OoCOther Dress Ginghams., up to 50c quality, nnto go at, per yard . . . wCLancaster and Amoskeag Apron Ginghams rto go at, per yard LuCSheets, Bleached and Hemmed$1.69$1.98Size 72x90 inches, $2.50 values,to go atSize 81x90 inches, $3.50 values,to go atMunsingwear Underwear$1.75 Garmentsto go at$2.00 Garmentsto go at....$2.50 Garmentsto go at.,..$3.50 Garmentsto go at'$1.39$1.59$1.98$2.79One lot Two-piece Underwear, values to OQ$1.00, to go at, per garment....: 05JGAny Child's Hat in the house worth fl QQup to $7.50, choice JLmTJOAll Furniture and Fixtures Will Be Sold at Some Price!Can you use any of the,folkwing items? If to make us an offer. 1 Ford Delivery Truck, 1 Roll Top Desk, 1 Burroughs Adding Machine, Counters, Tables,Large Mirrors, Wall Clock, Chairs, Settees, Ribbon Cases, Garment Racks, Coal and Suit Hangers, .Show Cases.Main St.Paris, Ky.HMiMv vimnnA M mJUm fl W" V- -,:. B I'l W"T-TTl '11ITHI b- i. - !'-,: -"-: -Ai .-., V.-- -. - .TV....--WV r . :z?v&....j:4: ... r, ..' -. ' - ?s; -w- - -. : -, ' : l , .-i'. ;.;nt..4- V jJl' 'J I" Vr vlfC-S '- 'XTR'1VIitop-.S!3M3KrLfJ WiT-i -, JSr wjgT-fst"j:fcf"- -rtffcT'TUESDAY JANUARY, i92iTHE BOURBON M5W$f PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FITE.S5t..'3i?j jA$ '44sStMLCXtsFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETAKE NOTICE.Twenty per cent discount onv all Sterling Silver Flatware,SHIRE & F1THIAN.(-2t)XODSONNOW HASV COALPLENTY OPvplenty of coal Fox Ridsre. West'"Vijrinia ard Harlan county coal.Raper's Feeds Horse, Dairy andPjg Meal.(4-t) W. C DODSON.1 SCHOOLS REOPENThe city schools of Paris and theschools of the county reopened yesterday after he holiday vacation period. T The per cent of absentees onthe opening day was much smallerthan at the corresponding period forlast yearoNOTICE TO THE PEOPLE OPPAKIS.I desire to announce that I am acandidate for the office of Chief ofPolice of Paris. I hope later to present my claims to the voters of thecity.' (It) GEO. M. HILL.CANDIDATES ANNOUNCE FORCITY AND COUNTY OFFICES 'The political pot has begun to simmer gently, villi a possibility ofgradually gatKrmg heat. In thisissue of THE NEWS appeal's the announcements of James M. CJdwellac a candidate for Representativefrom Bourbon county, and RobertLusk for Chief of Police of Paris.Both, are good Depnocrats, andgood citizens. Other announcementsare expected to be Wide soon for various city and county offices.oAPPOINTED ADMINISTRATORA In ttie County Court yesterdayCounty Judge George Batter ton ap-.pointed Dr. Wpn. K. Dudley as administrator of the estate of his deceased father, Mr. J. Ambrose Dudley, who died at the family homenear Hutchison sorre limp ago. Dr.Dudley accepted and qualified for tlvtrust. The estate comprises a finefarm near Hutchison, and personalproperty.oNEW HEIR CHRISTENEDWith Airs. White Varden actinsponsor, the young son of Mr.? asandMrs. James McClure, Jr., was christened with the name John Dein Gillett McClure, Friday, by BishopLouis W. Burton, assisted by Rev.Walter S. Cain, rector of St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, at the McClurehome.At the sun?e time the chiMren ofMr. and Mrs. John F. Davis werebaptized, John Lockhart Davis, withJ. Withers Davis acting is godfather,and Sallie Davis, with Mrs. CatesbySpears acting as godmother.t-iLODGE NOTESAt the recent (meeting of BourbonCouncil, J. O. U. A. M., held at theirlodge room, the following officerswere elected to serve during the yearCouncillor, Oro Honican; A. A. SecCouncillor, Ora Honican; A. R. Secretary, N. T. Blount; Treasurer, A.R. Dennison; Conductor, G. M. Turner; Warden, Ollie Patterson; Sentinel, Thomas Harp- Jr. P. Councillor,Mora Honican; Chaplain, E C. Newman; Trustees, L. D. Honican, R. CPoster, Mora HoMcan. The new officers will be installed at the meetingto be held to-night.NOTICE TO THE PUBLICWe havft been in the tire business for the last five yeais, and havedecided to open a shop in Paris,our old home town. If you haveany trouble with, your old castinjrsor tubes, consult us about them,and we will tell you whether theyare worth fixing or not.Our business :s tc lid you ofyour tire troubles and to save youall the mileage possible. We makea specialty of retieading. We invite you to inspect our equipment,also our work, and be convinced foryourselves that we can save youmoney and lots of trouble. Giveus a trial and be convinced.GENERAL VLUCANIZING CO.,718 High Street, Noah Spear, Prop.(4-2t)GIRLS, HERE'S A LONESOME SOLDIER! Girls, here's an opportunity tocomfort a lonesome ICentucky soldier"boy now in Coblenz, Germany, withthe American forces.Private A. D. Shilby, Co. K.,Eighth United Stales Infantry, in aletter to THE NEWS, says he willanswer all the letters he gets. Hisaddress is American Postoffice, 927,American Forces in Germany. Fromthe way he writes there is no doubtabout his being as lonesome as hesays. Here Ms the letter as it was"written:"Dear Editor: Will you kindlypublish, this as a favor for a lonesomesoldier from Kentucky? I am verylonesome "way out' here in Germany.I would like to have some Americangirls write to me, especially some onefrom the Blue Grass section, where Tused to be. will answer every letter I receive. Thanking you very) ch, I am, "Very Truly,"jru.MVJLJLM a. u. BnuuDx,Cb. X.,.litk tf 8. bfMtiy, A.P..IfiiifdiMfav; Chwlfti Tp9r, "SiSSSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Misses Nora and Mary Rourke,of Paris, are guests of relatives inSomerset.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. BelJ leftjesteiday fcr a two-months' stay atWinterhaven, Florida.Lawrence Lavin, of Akron,Ohio, is a guest of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. M. J. Lavin, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. B. H. Plummethave returned to their home in Covington, after a viait to Mrs. A. II.Plummer, in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John Dean Hillhave returned to their home in NewYork City, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. James N. McClure during theholidays.Mr. and Mrs. Keith Snyder anafamily; returned to their home inLouisville yesterday after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Wm. 0. Hinton. mi this city.Squire L. J. Fietwell left yesterday for St. Petersburg, Fla., wherehe will spend the winter months.Mr. Fretwell has just recovered froma recent illness.Mr. J. C. Griffin, prominentrailroad man, of Uniontown, Pa.,who has been a guest of his brother,W. K. Griffin, of the L. & 'N., hasreturned to his home.Capt. Martin A. Doyle has returned to his station with the United States Navy, after a holidayvisit to his brother, George Doyleand sister, Miss Winifred Doyle.Wallace Clark, of Boston, Mass.,ind Ray Clark, of Battle Creek,Mich., spent the holidays in this cityas guests of their parents, Mr. andAirs. m Walter Clark, of Fifteenthstreet"Maysville Bulletin: "MiltonRussell, Christopher Russell and W.R. Smith, Jr., of this city, attendedthe 'coming-out' party of ThomasHenry Clay III, at his home inParis. Thursday evening."Sherman Sr.app, who has been aguet for the holidays of his mother,Mrs. Alice Snapp, and fapiily, inthis city, has returned to his homein Portland, Oregon, where he ismanager for the Royal Baking Powder Co.Mr. and Mr.s Edward F. Simms.of Houston, Texas, " and Mr. andMrs. William E. Simms. and children, o? Woodford county, have returned to their homes after a v'sitduring the holidays to Miss LucySimms, of Second ntreet.Richmond Register: "Miss AnnaCockrell, of Lexington, and Mr. JohnW. Cockrell, of Paris, spent the holidavs at Waco, this courty, as gueslof their mother, Mrs. G. W. Grinstead Miss Georgia May Moberlyspent the holidays in Paris withfriends and relatives in Paris andCincinnati."Following a custom inaugurated osrer sixty years ago, ail themembers of the Kiei family inBourbon county held a reunionChristmas Day, this time at thehqme of Walker Kiaei, near Kiserton. Forty guests were present andfullv enjoyed the occasion. Theereunions have been held regularlyeery jcaf.Out of the lsrge number orpeople who attended a cotillon given durirg the holidays in this citysixty-five Years ago, but two areiow living. Mr. Samuel B. Ewalt,of Paris, and Mis. Bettie McCarneyMitchell, of Chattanooga, Tcnri.,who was Mr. Ealt's "companythat night. -One of the most enjoyable of theimanv New Year watch panies inLexington was held at the new ua.favette Hotel, where a. supper-dancej?-j.. Ana of fhfwas tne main letttuic. -u - --parties enjoying the festive occasionwas made up of Air. ana m&.Carpenter, of Lexington, and theirguests Mr. and Mis. Warfield Gratz.Miss Willie Lee Clark, LeonardShouse Jr., and Harry Miller, ofLexington- J. Withers Davis, Jos. W.Davis, Jr., Mr. and Mrs. James Metcalfe and Miss Kathevine Marsh, ofPai is.Writing to THE NEWS rromOrofino, Idaho, Mrs. E. W. Horsewell, formerly Miss Gertrude Earlvwine, of Paris, says: "It has been almost ten years since I resided inParis, and in all that time I haveseen but one or two Paris papers.Although I have been in the West aolong, my heart still clings to my native town. My husband is practicingmedicine in this city. He is alsoHealih Officer and County Physician.We like the West very (much, and ithas been veiy good to us. We wouldlike to have your paper."Misses Ruth and Mabel Soporentertained Saturday evening with asix-o'clock dinner at their home onFifteenth street, in honor of theirbrother, Lawrence A. Soper, Jr., ofthe University of Kentucky, whowas spending the holidays at home.The guests were: Misses LouisePatterson, Lexington; Sue Boardman, Elizabeth Clark and NancyYoung, Paris; Lawrence A." Soper,Jr., Chester Young, Y. H. Harrison,Paris; Bryan Propps, Jos. J. Slomer.Lexington, and Nelson Strode, Winchestei .One of the most delightful socialevents of the holiday season was the"coming-out" party arranged for Mr.'Thomas Henry Clay, III, and his sister, Miss Elizabeth Clay, at the homeof their grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.rThos Henry Clay, Sr., on Pleasantstreet, Thursday night. The hanasqme home was beautifully decoratedwith holly and cedar in keeping withthe Christmas season, and with otherYuletide emblems. A large Christmastree was erected in the library, anddancing was enjoyed in the spaciousdouble pavlors. Mrs. Frederics a.Wallis, of New York, formerly Mis&Nannine Clay, of Paris, was presentand assisted in entertaining theguests. A delightful luncheon wasserved. Among the many out-ol-townguests were: William Rogers andMiss Louise Rogers, and Mr. Howard Russell, of Maysville; AlexanderHoward, of Covington; Edward andGeorgcBedford, of Oklahoma City,Oklahoma; Theodore Phillip, ofMiss Mary Hapiilton, Carroll Chcnault and Richaid Chiles, of Mt.Sterling.T. Hart Talbott has returnedfrom a visit to his sister, Mrs. Jac.M. Arnold, in Covington.Miss Nellie Quinn and brother.Wm. Quinn have returned from avisit to lelatives in Livingston.Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodfordwere hosts to a family dinner partyat their home in Paris"', Saturday.Misses Marie and Thelma Collierhave returned from a visit to theirbrother, Capt. C. M. Collier, in Maysville. Mr. and Mrs. Aylette Bucknerentertained the Country Bridge Clubat their home near Paris, Fridaynight.Mrs. Jesse Turney is confinedto her home as the result of bruisesreceived when she fell down the cellar steps.Mr. J. J. R'ice and little daughter have returned to their home mJonesboro, Ark., after a visit to Dr.and Mrs. J. T. Brown.John Collins, of Cleveland, O.,spent the holidays in Paris as aguest of his mother, Mrs. ThomasHelm Clay, on Eighth street.Mr. and Mre. Robert H. Wmnhave returned to their home m Mt.Sterling, alter a visit to Mr. andMrs. Jesse Turney and family, nearParis.Miss Princia Grimes has resumed hei; school duties in the LittleRock Graded School after spendingthe holidays with her parents inGeorgetown.Mrs. Wm. E. Patton, formerlyMiss Anna Eads Peed, of Paris, is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, under treatment for jraemicpoisoning.Dr. 0. L. Frye, of Paris, attended the banquet and business meetingof the Blue Glass Optometrical Association, held in the private dininproom of the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, last week.Several Paris and Bourboacounty society people attended thelance given Monday night by theWoodford "Cotillon Club, in Lands-,berg's Hall, in Versailles. The cotillon was led by Mr. Bond and Mrs.Helen Bond.Richmond Register: "Mrs: Jeptha -Haggaid, of Paris, spent theweek-end with Mr. C. E. Douglas andfamily A. S. A. Wilson, formerlyof Richmond, now a progressive grorer of Paris, was in the city recentlyon business, and was loud in hispraise of the newly-paved streets.It ,mLkes it look like you people hada city here.' he asserted, after a lookaround."The Art Department of theBourbon County Women's Club willhold their first meeting of the newyear with Mrs. Frank P. Lowry tomorrow afternoon. The subject willbe "American Pottf-ry." The SeniorGroup of the Business Women's Clubheld their first meeting last night at7.qh nvinnk. in ' the Y. M. C. A.rooms, tor a pariianusiiuaiy uu".(Other Personals on Page 3)oBALTIMORE OYSTERS. -is .-.. I-.-; iiWe are receivingdaily nice freshBaltimore oysters inthe bulk. Anfat, eolid stock.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate ior xveyjeaitative from Bourbor county, in theLower House of the Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action -f the. Jvoters of the, county in the primary Ielection to be held on August 2.1921.FOR CHIEF OF POLICEWe are authorized to announceTHOMAS CRAVEN, .of Paris, as acandidate' for Chief of Police ofParis, subject to the action of thevoters of Paris, at the primary election, to'be heldron August 2, 1921.FOR CHIE7 OP POLICEWe-are authorized to announceCAPT. ROBERT LUSK as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor Chief of Police of Paris, Ky., subject to the action of the Democraticprimary to be held on August i2,1921.You can startthe New Yearright and havea pair oftrousers that willtake you thiuthe balance ofthe year if youwill fnvest $6in a pairof KeystoneCorduroyTrousers thatformerly soldat $7.50.If it coxitesflom;JeLvisit isVridht. 4f - - t U- 'ANNOUNCEMENTS.L Br V 1MAKE IT A RULETo read our "Ads" in each issue of this paper, and thencome to bur store and get your share of thevalues we always give. . vTo Start the New Year RIGHT, we have inaugurated aGLEAN SWEEPSlashing prices without regard to cost or value. Hereare a few items which are bound to make you take notice:Men's Munsing Union Suits$3.50 Values nowMen's Roxford Union Suits$3.00 Values nowOne-fourth and One-halfin order to get ready to receive Spring shipments, which will be coming In soon.You are sure to make money by coming here for anything youneed, so we'll expect you.LEWISTwin Bros"Trade at Home"WE-. WEFurniture, lings, MattingsLinoleums, Wall Paper and Draperiescheaper RIGHT NOW than we can any other timethis year. We are making reductions that the factories are not thinking of making. If you want to savemoney, come to us, and come NOW. These greatlyreduced prices are forSTRICTLY CASHIf we don't sell you goods cheaper than you canbuy them ANYWHERE we do not expect tox sell youat all.THE J,EITHERPHONE 36Buy Columbia1- j -SALEfVlen's Suits aiu3 Overcoats ReducedWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetCallBELIEVECAN SELL YOU-T. HINTOJV CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYujjS2.45Smm IWOur Store "Home"359Ea!SflbSIXTH AND MAINi2 1tr8a8IyIIBmrpVr3t))-,, -V, ' rvtfjf ,. KvS-si-N-t-.Afc-.-v r-r" r AGE SIX"?-i -THE BOURBON NEWS, T PARISBJWtUCKYTuesday; January 4751921-r -. r.IN WHITE HOUSEit REAL GRAYLE). - jias'?-.- "MLUli-'-""' . ' ' 'l-e.'tIvYopVCantLose-we takethe riskf&UY a bottle of Re13 Cu-Ma. Try it forfour days. If it helpsyou the benefits youreceive will be priceless. "If it doesn't helpyou return the bottleand get back every centyou paid for Re-Cu-Ma.This offer is open toanyone. It has alreadybeen accepted by thousands. For sale by.Brooks & Snappend ell good druggists&5V TRACE AAR.KThe Phenomenal Remedy-for the stomachfor the bowels--for the liverand kidneysSIsILM aaim ui miw.NO BALM POR HOME BREWERSTo those who lift up outcriesagainstthe ban placed by Federalbureaucrats upon iralt and hops isoffered the astonishing informationthat there exists warrant within thesame authority to include kettles,crocks and wash boilers in the samesentence. Minimizing their orders,the Washington officials explainthat the sale is to be prohibitedwhen there appears to be leasonsfor the belief that the malt and hopsare to be turned into home-brewedbeer. tfPrecisely because of this construc, tion is it possible to deny to a prospective purchaser any utensil whichmight be used in brewing, eventhough it has another and innocuoususe. Again, after a kettle or crockhas been debased by such use therepresentatives of he law, accordingto the Federal regulation, may seizeand. confiscate it. Concerning thesale, the Volstead Act says in Section 18 of Title II:"It shall be unlawful to advertise,v mandfactuie, sell or possess for saleany utensil, contrivance, machine.Preparation, compound, tablet, substance, formula, direction or recipeadvertised, designed or intended foruse in the unlawful manufacture of'intoxicating liquor."As for the extirpating of home"brewing by the se'zure and confiscation method. Section 25 'declares:"It shall be unlawful to have ort4ojssess any liquor or :prop3rty, dey sijfned for the fmanufacture of liquorintended for use in violating thistitle." It readily will be seen that,ifiiess the Supreme Court shall holdfttherwiee. home brewing is as muchof an outlaw as the rabbit at this,the open reason for hunting.The most significant point in allthiB recital is the fact that the decision as to intent seems to be leftalmosi entirely with the enforcement official, who becomes lord everpot and pan, kettel and crockthereby. . .-.'&THIS WILL ASTONISH- PIS PEOPLEThe quick action of simple witoh'hazel. camphor, Hydrastis, etc.,' asmixed in Lavoptik eye wash, willsurprise Paris people. One girl withweak, strained eyes was helped by asingle application. Her mother couldhardly sew or read because of eyepains. In one week she, too, wasbenefited. We. guarantee a smallbottle of Lavoptik to help ANY CASEweak, strained or inflamed eyes." Aluminum eye cup FREE.t. Brooks & Snapp, Drug Store.X (adr)-fV;. ; Surgery Without Pain.i Chloroform was not discovered byrs Je8 Simpson. It was the fa-3SjBOM3taUBh surgeon, however, who,v tm faiar rrnrir',nffnr tha snP5thpH Wfl5 rx:"T "v- - t-i . . . . .-SrKNIcovereain ivsi, oegan nis ex-11. -jne4'pmuy ixieu cmuruiuirujifeajft-twb colleagues to testKs iffecOod the;, three were dicov-ofiSjiffsjOylBf Mi&e floor, appar-ftIydwHl?$i O -- f pand jco-Fired notea,'fonr jSJ'PHSHBRiSBPJiS. tvs';t.- - - . ' 't"f - ;ftaf'at' iTvTWinuiM;tita :s&R r- mrzm -v" - - i-i, t m m i,r ,- --' m ... 'a a 4- x , ' "wmm Bai mmmm Hit r-B .ik. rr""mmrmm n ' ibih--i j ."3 "v.Biographical Data ConcerningChief Executives,Most of the Men Honored With High,est Position Were Emphatically"of the People" VirginiaLeads in Number. "The following composite record offacts about Presidents may have interest, remarks a writer in the NewNew York Evening Press:Of the twenty-seven Presidents of theUnited States fifteen were of English ancestry, six of Scotch-Irish lineage, three of Scotch, two of Dutch andone Welsh.In their early lives fourteen werelawyers, five were teachers, three wtreprofessional soldiers. Fillmore andJohnson were tailors, Roosevelt wasa public official and Abraham Lincolna farm hand.In the time of their elections manyof them had changed their vocationsat that time nineteen were lawyers,three statesmen, two soldiers, one afarmer, one a planter, one a surveyorand four were Presidents by succession.mbat most of our Presidents spenttheir childhood days on farms andplantations is proved by the fact thatof their fathers six were planters andnine were farmers. The other twelvefathers were: Three clergymen, threemerchants, two lawyers, one statesman, one iron manufacturer, one sexton and constable and one tanner.Harvard and William and Mary rankhighest as alma maters of Presidents,with three each. Princeton graduatedtwo; West Point, Miami, Union, Williams, Kenyon, Dickinson, Bowdoin,Hampton-Sidney, Yale' and the University of North Carolina one each.Nine of the Presidents were, not collegegraduates.Seven Presidents-to-be first saw thelight of day in Virginia, six in Ohio,two in Massachusetts, three in NorthCarolina, one each in Vermont, NewHampshire, Kentucky and New Jersey.Three Presidents were born in NewYork city.When elected, however, five werelegal residents of Virginia, five ofOhio, four of New York, three ofTennessee, two of Massachusetts, andIndiana, Illinois, Louisiana, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New Hampshire each sent one President to Washington. Six Presidents married widowsJames Buchanan was the only bachelor who served as President, whilePresident Wilson is the only one whomarried twice.William H. Harrison had the largest family, six sons and four daughters. Hayes came next with sevensons and one daughter. The totalnumber of children of- the twentyseven Presidents of the United Statesis sixty sons and forty-five daughters,Only six Presidents were childless.Eight Episcopalians served as President, seven Presbyterians, four Unitarians, two members of the Dutch Reformed and one Disciple and one liberal. The Republican party elected fourteen of its candidates to the presidential chair, the Democrats eight, whilethe Whigs elected three and the federalist party two. Ten of the Presidents served more than four years.Wiliam Henry Harrison's service wasshortest, as he had been In office onlyone month at the time of his death.Only five Presidents have served twofull terms, four of them being amongthe first seven Presidents elected.Jolm.Adams lived the longest of all thePresidents, dying at ninety.- Garfielddied youngest. , at forty-nine Washington was the only President inaugurated In New York, for the capitalwas established at Philadelphia duringhis first administration. ,The sixth President .Tohh OliineVAdams, was the son of the second President, John Adams, and the twenty-third President, Benjamin Harrisonwas the crandson of the ninth- President, William Henry Harrfgo'n. TheHarrison family were "direct descendants of the Indian Pocahontas andJohn Rolfe, the early Jamestown settler.Eighteen of the Presidents were atsome time during their lives soldiersin active service. Adams and Jefferson signed the Declaration of Independence and Washington and Madisonsigned the original Constitution of theUnited States.250 Pictures a Second.Designed particularly for makingmotion pictures of birds and animals,a new French camera, with a speed of250 exposures a second; Is remarkablefor Its ingenious method of keepingthe moving object in the field of thelens, says Popular Mechanics Magazine. The sighting arm is so connected to the pivoted mirror that theymove together In geometrical relation,and an Image in the center of thefinder Is always reflected into the center of the camera lens, regardless ofits position. The flight of birds, andeven of projectiles, may thus be recorded for further study, the objectbeing in about the same position oneach picture. .Cattle Not Milked in China.Trade Commissioner C. C. Batchel-der writes of the increasing use ofcanned milk among the Chinese upperanel mfcfdle classes," and, to a limitedextent, anoog the coolies, inasmuchas cattte" art ot milked In Chiaa prop-xae pnee vanes wiaejy, usuallyJtarfVfiqpic cents-. pr calls ajHVflP jmyt I mr? jt ijsjBiJRESTORERDISCOVERED AT LASTMILDREDINAHAIR REMEDYbrines your gray hairs back to theirnatural color and makes the hairclean, fluffy, abundant and beautiful.Delicately perfmred, clean to use,without oil or stickiness, will notlub off or stain the scalp. Once thehair has returned to its original colorit is easily kept so, and can be washed without affecting the color.Augustus F. Moyei, 22 Godfrey St.,Taunton, Mass. ''Enclosed find 50cfor bottle of Mildredina Hah Remedy. The tiial satisfied me of its results." Is. Amelia Eddy, 57 Phelps St.,Hartford, Conn. "I have used yourhair remedy and think it is wonderful. I now have a beautiful head ofhair 60 inches long from using Mildredina. Will gladly recomjmend itto all my friends."J. Manson, Jr., Lincoln, Calif. "Ihave tried a great number of hairtonics., but find Mildredina the beat Ihave ever used."Accept, lie. substitutes. They are allinferior articles. Sample by mail 10c.Mildred Louise Co., Boston, Mass.Out-of-town customers supplied byparcel post,G-. S. Varden & Son. (adv)Ancient "Currency."Among some ancient tribes oxen andsheep served as a medium of exchange, ten sheep being reckonedequivalent H:o one ox. The Latin wordfor money is pecunin, and it is de-rived from the word pecus (cattle),showing that pecunia (money) meansproperty in cattle.Catarrh of Cold in HeadHmi he insfantlv rpliVvprl hv sirnrKapplying a little MINT0L in the nos-tnls, Pleasant to use,, and there isnothing better. (advCold In the Head"59 an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh. J.Those subject to 'frequent- "colds in the l!head" will find that the use of HALL'S)CATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and rendejthem less liable to colds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to jChronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing the inflammation andrestoring normal conditions. JAll Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney &'Co., Toledo, Ohio.Can You UflelMore MoneyThan You Are Now Earning?LiaiI'. "i AJa. ".' ...r-We are Searching.M 4-r ??" JT1 '5-HUNDREDS OF OURMR. M. O. LOTTMANBELLEVUE, PA.There aieliterally thousands of men and womenscattered all over this country in little towns and bigcities who do not realize their earning ability now yetwho could do just as well as), or even better than Mr,Lottman.fWe know this from our experience withmore than a thousand people now on our pay rolls.You need not have had one day's experience inselling to "make good1' with us.And if you are willing to make an effort to helpyourself rise in the business world, we will 'stand -backof. you and give you every possible help 'and adviseyour every step.You stay right in your ownxhome community' anddo not risk asiprflt penny.the coupon NOWJand let us tH you all aboutBnbkmofSatufaction(9t CAR as dependable as businesstransportation is important nomatter what the weather. That is Buick,and- that is why Buick cars are in suchgreat demand in business everywhere.The new Buick Nineteen Twenty Onemodels combine utility with beauty; reliability for business with riding comfortso pleasing in hours of relaxation.A nation-wide Authorized Buick Serviceguarantees initial Buick dependability.Effective January 1 regular equipmenton all models will include cord tires.'The CWKEM BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMthe Country forlMjenfell n Vuirt or Being Able to dell uoods. I o the Kight rerson inEach Town, We will Offer a Position Thatwill Pay Really BIG MONEY.REPRESENTATIVESM. O. Lottman, of Bellevue, Pa.,was a clerk in a tea and coffee house ina town in Pennsylvania. He has sincetold us that he thought he had a goodjob when he was earning $20 per weekor $1,040.00 per year. He answeredrBUICKvrallM? 3Tf ir-03 K SoCor. f-"oLrj"B amd Pfleasarstand Women who1 ' I w. m mMAKE FROM $1one of our advertisements in June. 1919.Since that time up to December 1, 1920,a period of seventeen months, he hasearned.from us the sum of $11,214.30,an average of about $158:00 perweek, .this wonderful opportunity open today. The placemay be filled by tomorrow for we only employ oneperson in each town.This Coupon Will Bring You a Wealth of Information andSuggestions. SEND IT NOW. Then Think Over Your Future.W. & H. Walker, Inc.,Pittsburgh, taJL Herr's Island )I am Interestad to learn what your offer is and withoutary obligation on my.part will appreciate learning fulldetails.tI Name ..-.-. .-. .' . cAge?--.-.-.V: . ....... .4-. ;. Married or Single?: . .'. . . .l.t.. . . -.v. ;J. OWn .... i'.V-. ....5EmblmojS&jaCim"f &CB-n)'CjiaraseSts.4.Have the Natural'm. ml1 $200y;'wmm " ;Tf-fy ;;f MIL 1 'Jill I v ( IfiS"s.... .OlSte . . . m'm '' .. a B "; Ip.rI-t-Zr.mmmr-,-; PiMM"f""ttiiim. '!-' rl rin.' .-'ifs.N, K A.,..TT-tf73yrAiTUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1521TGlXERSBnBG EDUCATOR SEIISlCOIIJldrOrOTICTJITfjEE BOYS-" TrfBiiyBisiiiiBPAPER TO BROTHERProf. J- Wilbur Lancaster, princiripal of the Millersburg GradedSchool, has disposed of his interestin the Georgetown News to nisbrother, County Judge J. Robertt mcaster. Judge Lancaster will continue publication o The News.During the last year Chicago hato?t six of its policemen JhrougrmarriageUMMvCHIROPODISTFootSpecialistAO Troubles of theFEETRemoved Withoutthe KnifeTO ATTEHBIHTERHATIOHATiH. GSallards, Prestonburg, Floydcounty, Ky., H. J. Weil, Lexington:Fayette county, Ky.t G4 J. McKeaney, Winchester, Clark county, Ky.,R. F. -Ford, Winchester, Clark county, Ky., J. W. Holland, Whitesville,Daviess county, Ky., D. Y. Dunn,Dexter, Webster county, Ky., 'alternating, will compose the livestockjudging: team which will representthe College of Agriculture at ihe International Livestock Exposition,which will be held at the UnionStock Yards, Chicago, November 27to December 4. This team has beencoached by Prof. Good and L. J.Horlacher, of the Animal HusbandryDivision. College of Agriculture.Prof. Horlachei' will have charge ofthe team at the In tor national at Chicago This is a signal honor to beon this team and the boys representing the College of Agriculture ofKentucky will come in contact withlivestock judging teams from practically every State in the Union, Itgives them a wonderful opportunityto become iamiliar with livestock aswell as thr- privilege of seeing thefinest livestock in ihe world. Therewill be exhibits from Canada, Southmeiica, England. France, Italy,New Zealand, besides' piacticallyevery section in the United Spates.Before going to the Internationalrhis livestock judging team willmake a trip to inspect some of theleading livestock of the country andwill visit Ohio Stale 'University, Columbus, Oh'o, Roachdale, Ind.. visiting the farm of Hnrry Stamp, Purdue University, LaFayette, Ind , J.Ciouch & Son, LaFayette, Ind., University of Illinois, Urbana, III.. Carlock. 111., visiting the farm of D.Augsn'n, where they will sec Percheron Morses.mpafAjBi, nafgucKTS3S5S55S5SSiyEUnOPEANSmDfnGFOR THEIR CHILDREN, , ..tI. ISSUES STATEMENT OF BURLEYTOBACCO COSTSl&lLEWer Generation Sacrifices SelfThat Hope of Future MayReceive Means of Life.EVERYTUESDAYANDFRIDAYOfficeWINDSOR HOTELParis, Ky.jf B J 1HIMtHHiUnHHlin'tTo Close Out;;Grocery Stock atReduced Prices !TRAIN YOUR EYESWhat is the design of ypui bathroom wall paper? Quick, now, howmany steps to your attic anl Jiowmany to your cellar? Can you tellthe numbei of prongs on your forks?Most people wander through lifequite blind. They s.ee the unusualthings and the so-called interestingthingfc, but never at all the thingsthat surround them day after day.'.But even the unusual most tolkssee with only half their eyes. Youand our friends witness an au tomebile accident from exactly the sameviewpoint. At dinner table they tryto reconstruct the scene for the restof the fimily. You will differ upon,a dozen points and some of thtim essential. JNeitner or jou really sawthe accident. You only saw a littleof it.It all comes from a misunderstanding the facts f the case. You sav toyourself "'I was there! Of course,J saw it' I have eyes, haven't I?"But it doesn't follow that becauseyou iere there and have eyes thatyou saw, any more than it followsthat because you have a violin youcan play it.You would expect to play a musical instrument only when your brairj and your fingers had been trained toiU ways Yet folks take it forgranted that the far more difficultaccomplishment of seeing all and seeing accurat4y is a heaven-given talent. Train yourself at this business ofseeing. Play the instrument of-youreyesight as caiefully as you would aninstrument for the delight -of themusical center of your brain.. oThe one optimistic note in the desperate need prevailing through the wartorn areas of eastern Europe is the extraordinary and touching faith of thepeople in the children. The elder gen-"erotion has put all its hope and trustin the future of the generation now inits early years. In fact, in many instances it is deliberately sacrificing itself for the children, the Europe of tomorrow. In the war-ravaged districts suppliesnecessary for maintenance of institutions are lacking, but it has beennoted that always the request for outside aid emphasises the needs of theorphanages. How marked is this inclination was indicated by the factthat one' district of Poland the authorities, appealing to an American relief organization for assistance, askedassistance for only one military hospital, four general hospitals and twenty orphanages.The appeal has reached Americawith the result that because they knowthat literally millions of European children face starvation and death fromdisease unless the aid that only thiscountry can give is forthcoming, eightgreat American relief agencies havebanded together under the name of theEuropean Relief Council to raise $33,000,000 needed to tide the baby generation of Europe over possibly the mostcritical winter it has yet faced. Theseare the American Relief Administration,the American Red Cross, the AmericanFriends' Service Committee (Quakers),the Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, the Federal Council of Churchesof Christ in America, the Knights ofColumbus, the Y. M. C. A. and the Y.W. C. A.Kentucky Burley tobacco growersexpended1 approximately $85,140,000or 3C cents a pound, in the production of -the 236.500,000 pound cropof the light leaf raised in this Statein 1920. The 1919 crop cost 26 centsa pound to produce.Despite a 13 per qent increase macreage in Kentucky this year, and alarger yield of Burley in Kentuckythan last year, the amount of Buneygrown in all the State in 1920 is approximately 33,000,000 pounds lesgthan in 1919.The average yield an acre in 1920was approximately 859 pounds. In1919 the average was 1,750 poundsan acre.Approximately 29 per cent of the1920 Burley crop is damaged or verylow giade tobacco.Th(-se facts were announced by theBurley Totacco Growers' Associationfollov. ins;- the receipt of final reportsfrom the mail census conducted bythe Association and the United StatesDepartment of Agriculture in theBurley belt of Kentucky to ascertainthe average poundage an acre andamount of the 1920 crop damaged orof low grade.oNURSES NEEDED BY THE PUBLICHEALTH SERVICEIH22EZSZEK3ZX1MAKE THEM HAPPYBy Giving Them Gifts for HolidaysThat They Can Enjoy the Whole YearThrough, such asELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONS -VACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.We have a few. MISTO MAGIC SETS and other toysIleft over from last season.LetUs Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET, VOPP. COURT HOUSEmmjmnzz-:.miw::-.-W--JJlilft.4UBegSFOREIGNERS SENDINGAST BELIEFOver 90 Per Cent of Food DraftsSent to Europe Gifts From 'Immigrant Population.IE ORDER TO 3IAKEROOM FOR THE ELIIS TEA tROOM, I WILL CLOSE OUTMY ENTIRE STOCk OP 4. msAWE ARE CURED BY BULLINGGROCERIES, ETC.. FROM J THEIR TEETHTHIS DATE ON AT GREAT-LY REDUCED PRICES. AR APT. flTTATsTfiE TO GETTM-nnniTn A T.tt invn TTAT T!JSiiiiVxiiilNr JlJJ jjju vxuuTIES IN THIS LUTE. EV- ?EBYTHING WILL BE CL0S-ED OUT. Z4-ELLISSOpposite Court HouseX''I'1"M'CIM"M'"1II'I'II'iVivWIWlJuj'ys.- . wK C T'aJust HistoryIn '76The Colonial DameSimn her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline orient,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on, JHow time does DassHer home was litBy fiickerinc; Gas.But the eirl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.The report of Dr. tlenry A CotIon, medical director of the TrentonState Hospital, shows Uiat two patients have been cured of insanity by! pulling ther teeth.j One was a woman, who was -dis-j charged from the hospital as cured irDecember, 1919, bin developed hallucinations a month ago and was returned to the hospital. An extensiveexamination of the mouth showedthat twenty-seven teeth were infected. These were removed, and thewoman's condition improved so mucnshe is now considere-i normal.Another woman, who hsd be-n discharged in July, 1919, after beingthree years in the hospital, suffereda breakdown rocently and wasbrou slit back It was found that shehad neglrc'ed her Teeth, and the infected teeth were pulled, with theresult that he mental condition hasreturned to normal.oMIDNIGHT RIDESThe "Midnight Ride of 1'aul Revere" had n.-rhing on a couple of rep-resentaive business men wno naa abrief but exciting adventuie inWashington, on a moonlight night.These men, visitors in the Capital,nired a big toming car at midnight,&nd started out to see the town. Espyinsr a couple of attractive womenvalking on Pcnnslyvania avenue,they ordered the driver to stop, andinvited the women to join them. Theinvitation was readily accepted, indone of the women, as soon as she wasin the car, ordered the driver to gv,n i, first nreeinct." A few minutes later the party was landed at apolice station, and tne dusuus menfound to their consternation thattheir companion were none otherthan the superintendent of the women police and hev assistant. Theywere charged with "mashing" andorderly conduct." Bail was teedat twenty-five dollars apiece by thedesk sergeant. 1 ne unw. " "cave fictitious names, and tnen tailed to appear in the police court thenext morning.oOut of their earnings, for the mostpart as unskilled laborers, living fromhand to mouth, the foreign-born element In the United States is contributing largely to the funds for food supplies to aid the starving, peoples oftheir native lands.Figures from the Food Draft sectionof the American Relief Administrationshow tliat $593,110 had been sent toPoland, up to the end of November..$158,170 had been sent to CzechoSlovakia, Hungary had received $382,7C0, Germany bad $1,443,619 and Austria $2,046,720. It was estimateQJmtmore than 90 per cent of this liiortyhad been spent by nationals of thesevarious countries who are now in theUnited States. There are about 1,500,000 Poles, 800,000 Hungarians, 500-.000rvPfim nnri 600.000 Slovaks in thiscountry.The profits which resulted from thesale of these food drafts have beenturned into the fund for general childfeeding. It is to bring this fund up tothe point where it can meet the demauds on it, to save the lives of 3,500,000 children that the European ReliefCouncil has been formed b.y eight greatrelief organizations.The United States Public HealthService needs hundieds of graduatenurses for its general hospital work,but also and particularly fcr thecare of former soldiers sufferingfrom nervous and mental disorders.So great is its need for the latterclass that it is probr.ble that at present enough trained nurses are notavailably in the country. The Public Health Service accordingly proposes to establish a training schoolfor nursing in neuro-psychiatric diseases in its special hospital (No.49) on Gray's Ferry road, near Philadelphia, where nurses with generaltraining may take a special course inthis cl.iss of work. This hospital hasa capacity of 240 patients and willafford exceptional opportunities forinstruction in the most moderntreatment.An appeal is made to nurses tocome forward for this work; for ifthey do not do so Uiere seems to beno one to take their place. Thehospitals now operated by the UnitedStates Public Health Service are al- 1ready 150 nurses short, and the service faces the necessity of openingseveral new ones with an inadequateforce. Applications shoulrL-be (madeto the surgeon general, UnitedStates Public Health Service, Washington, D. C.oWAR VETERANS TO RECEIVEEREE FARM SHORT COURSEWE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYxiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiHiiiiinWilliam K. Hagan G- ybNArchitects (3- Engineer.. 'Pae.i. Ky.TIV.ST NATIONAL DANKiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiy5Sgg;g55-35g;vjAmmzRickets Did This.Plas are rapidly going forward byihe State College nf Agriculture andthe Y. M. C. A. whereby selected exservice men in Kentucky may be en1 oiled free in the next agriculturalshort course which opens at. the College of Agiicultuie. University ofKentucky, January 4, and continuesuntil March 1, accoiding to an announcement by Dean Thomas Cooper.All expenses of the men, includingreal road fare, will be paid. War veterans who enroll" will be given tnesame training which regular shortcourse students receive. The coursewill include lecture. and laboratorywork on all phases of farm subjects.Crmnlete information concerning thework nniy be obtained from the College of Agriculture or county agricultural agents.oMain Idea With Youngster.A youngster has caused his dadmuch worry by crossing streets without looking first for passing vehicles.To impress upon the youngster's mind jthe necessity of being more careful, hewas telling his wife in the boy's presence a story of another little boy who,while crossing the street with an icecream cone, had been run down by aheavy motor truck. For a brief moment the child sat in deep thought;then asked: "Did he spill the cone,pop?"When You Kill Your HogsSalt Your Meat with Liverpool! Salt,Will Not Harden in the BarreE.Price Right. Sold byCollier Bros.Office Opposite Paris TobaccoWarehouseCumberland Phone 997Home Phone 257anmimnniUJtHn..:--i-aatfiTifMJrfsurgi-T-rai&x9iBaajkllfiill&as&' &BBaaBgBflfflPHaiBMaal KaaHHHP ii, VllRBslBK&wfNHBlliBBWS$vParis Gas & Electric Co.Famous Disappearing Island.The most famous of disappearing islands is the fairy island of St. Brendan, which was said to lie to the southwest of Ireland, to be frequently seen,yet to vanish when uny -mariner sailedtowards it. That there was once suchan island is clearly proved by its mention in an old treaty in which the kingof Portugal ceded certain islands toCastile. Among these islands is men-This Vienna child is six years old,but because of the ravages of rickets,tlit disease bom of under-nutrltionthat has stricken thousands of European childreu, she is able' to toddleabout only by dint of supreme effort.The spread of this terrible disease ofchildhood and the rescue of those already in its grip-ean only be accomplished by America. That is why eightgreat American relief organizationshave handed loguiher under the nameof the European Relief Council in airtinr nnnen to the American conscience for funds. " lNames of New England States.Connecticut is an Indian wordmeaning long river: Maine is regardedas of French origin from the Provinceof Maine; Massachusetts is an- Indianword meaning "place of groat hills;"New Hampshire is English, comingfrom Ilampshiro county. England;Vermont is French, "Vert mont,"meaning "green mountain." With reference to ith6de Island there is a difference of opinion, some claiming thatit was named for the Island of Rhodes,and others for a prominent settlernamed Rhodes.oFor Membership in D. A. R.Members of the D. A. R. must showan ancestor "who fought in the Revolutionary war or who was a member ofthe Continental congress, or-the congress of any one of the colonies, orwho was a signer ,pf the Declaration orIndependence, or who was an officialwho actually assisted in the establishment of independence by renderingsen-ice during the war and who, in anycase was consistently, loyal' to thecause of independence.A WELL-FED HENmeans a well-filled egg basket. Use my special ScratchFeed and Egg Mash and notecarefully the result. TheScratch Feed keeps the hens,busy working tafter the grainThe egg Mash provides theibodies with food necessaryto a large egg yield. .L. D. MITCHELL, ManufacturerHutchcraft Elevator, Pleasant StreetCumberland Phone 1028I4'''4'''I''t'I4"H''I''t'I''I"I"'I''I''I'i''l'l'i'4'iI'1lllilI''I,,I,'l''r,I''lMI''I''Il I I H I-JGive the Medai to BinKS."Several years ago," said Binks, "Iraised some water melons which grewto an enormous size. One day a threemasted schooner went aground on themud fiats just below my house. I immediately rolled one of these hugemelons to the side of the strandedcraft, cut the melon in two and enoughjuice came out of it to float the schooner safely into deep water."o"For Cleaning Brass.For cleaning and polishing brass and'copper nothing is better than oil androtten stone, and most of the good pol- j xisheson the market are made tromSTOP! LOOK!LISTEN !Our 25 Per Cent. StockReducing Sale will be Continued Through the HolidaysEverything goes at a saving to you of25 per cent. We have a nice line ofDoll Furniture to' which we inviteyour inspection. Take a look and beconvinced that we have the pricesthat are right.E.M. WHEELERFURNITURE CO.ROBNEEL BUILDINGEIGHTH AND MAINi A4-1. .iain c with n f-nnri . rnrnpii- 211IVJSW iinunuu"! ....... ......-.., ....4-,tine or sonp. vWtttllllilllt'l'Hllini'HIIIIIItlllltltllllllllltl&,f.y(IncorDrtied)' tioned JSf Brendan.y- -J'J&"r-'t$hy?''jk&r.J'IF&?sr ;".yV W -,4,-r&ZJt -?., -iT-t..? , , -1- if 'i",- ' Si -. " ' - ' .'- " if '-- t jsesfc ' z. i j' i.' " j. . 1 T,, - J -f'JIr ,4. vjwPAamTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTtaSDAr, .JANUARY 4, 1911140TH SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT OF THEPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK X TRUST CO.DEATHS.v -ilo.'Alamo and Paris GrandTuesday and WednesdayJANUARY 4th AND 5thLururioufPampered DaughterorAnstocracy toWiomNatomlbu$hlit$A$? OldLawThalMomans areuniypiaieamFemaleAtterAlL. -KU Bm. hHhhp .wMHMSM&u WHBHHBk. vfi.mf JttKiBSBiBtr' &6jMI ftHF Hr SHSBb TSnBSBL Yr MRBoflMa"iHyy dHHH HHr np -KBfeBBBaBfliillBilllWfe.' jBbBbHhmk aui iBwgHmilt!' SSHhib B wHmiFiLITSEY jMrs. William Cooper, of Paris,was called to Harrortsburg, Friday,by the death of her grandmother,Mrs. Emily Litsey. who di at an ;early hour Friday morning, cit theadvanced age of ninety. Mrs. Litseywas one of the pioneer residents ofMercer county, and a woman of thehighest type of Christian character.She is survived by two sons and twodaughj-s. This is the third death inthe Litsey family during the past sixmonths. Mrs. Cooper attended thefuneral and burial, which was heldin Harrodsburg, Saturday afternoon.Mrs. Litsey was before her marri- Jage Miss Emily Biid, daughter of j 2Rev. Jesse Bird, a prominent Meth- jodist minister. She was a native of iWashington county, but had lived inHarrodsburg since her (marriage. Herburial took place on the day shewould have celebrated as her nine-,rieth birthday. IESTABLISHED 1881At Close of Business Dec. 31, 1920. After PayingSsmi-Anr.ual DividendRegular 5 Per Cent.RESOURCESCash $Due from Banks . .Real Estate.,Furniture and Fixtures .Other AssetsOverdraftsBonds16,642.47104,593.773 2,000,001.00375.001,3.30.1031,094.63Loans. . . .' 1,303,514.22$1,499,551.12LIABILITIESCapital Stock 150,000.00Surplus 100,000.00Undivided Profits . . . .- 17,314.93Premium Account . . .. 675.38Due Banks .00Bills Payable 20,000.00,Individual Deposits . . 1,031560.91$1.499,5.51.19STATEMENT OF THE CONDITION OFBOURBDN-AGRICULTURALATuThe Riotous Luxury of London Society, the RuggedGrandeur ot a Tropica! Island, and the Glory of OldBabylon welded together in the Master Drama of aMaster Producer. A Drama of Nature's Laws andMan's.CECIL B.DeMIIXESMALEHFEMALEVFounded on Sir J.M.Barrl(?TheAdirablGCichtoT,.Interpreted By a Great Cast of Players, IncludingTHOMAS MEIHAN, BEBE DANIELS, GLORIA SWANSON,THEODORE ROBERTS, RAYMOND HATTON, LILA LEE,ROBERT CAIN, GUY OLIVER, AND OTHERS.An Epic of Love and Struggle, Vital in Theme, Stupendous in Conceptions.Amazingly Dramatic, Beautiful Beyond Words.TALBOTT. jAftei a long illness, due to th iinfirmities of age, Mrs. Mollie Tal- Sbolt, one of Bourbon county's pioneerwomen, uie at tne nome ol ner son,Squi.'e John S. TaJbott, near North.Middletown, late Thursday night.Mrs. Talbott was "formerly MiesMollie Young, of Bath county, andwas the widow ot Lunceford Talbott. Sr.. who preceded her to the fgrave twenty-eight years ago Shewas a woman of fine character,whose many traits of character endeared her to all who had the, pleasure of her acquaintance and friendship. She was a devoted member ofthe Christian church, and delightedin taking part in ;iP the good worksof that denomination. As daughter,(mother, and wifs, in fact, in all .herrelations in life, she was ever trueand steadf&st, and her reward 5nthe Great Beyond is assured by theChristian life she led here.Mrs. Talbott is survived by threesons, Squire John S. Talbott, of nearNorth Middletown, with whom herdeclining years were spent, and Mason G. Talbott and Tollie C. Talbott,both of Lexington.The fjmoral was held at the fainily home near North Middletown,Saturday morning, at 10:30 o'clock,with services conducted by Rev.Frank M. Tinder, pastor ot theNoith Middletown Christian church,assistoil by Mr. , John W. Jones. T1-:burial followed on the family lot inthe North Middletown Cemetery. Thepall-bearcrs were: J. W. Young,John J. Redmon, Louis R. Rogers.John T. Collins, W. S. Jones, WarrenRogers, Charles H. Mong and Dr. L.R. Henry-oThe e&iliest cannon were made of jlealher or wood, strengthened laitron with bands or iron. Io IParis KentuckyAt the Close of Business Dec. 31, 1920RESOURCESLoan and Bills $1,283,983.78U. S. Bonds 44,885.00Real Estate 15, 006.00Furniture and Fixtures .00Overdrafts 3,752.00Cash. 35.670.63Due from Banks . . . . 112,963.18LIABILITIESCapital Stock . .Surplus '.Undivided Profits . .Reserved fr Taxes.Bills Payable . .Individual Deposits.?200,000.00125,000.0027,933.6912,056.42220,000.00910,664.48$1,496,254 59$1,496,254.59A Share of Your Business is Re&peQlfully Solicited,OFFICERS Jno. T. Collins, Preident; Buckner Woodford, Cashier;B. J. Santen, Assistant Cashier.DIRECTORS John Marston, Jno. T. Collins, W. O. Hinton, W. W.Hall, Buckner Woodford. N. Krienor, Samuel Clay. Jas. M. Caldwell, Jas.L. Dodge, T. W. Allen.SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT(Condensed)OF THE CONDITION OFFMXTAOFAAT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS DEC. 31, 1920RESOURCESLoan;; and Discounls. . .$411,164.78U. S. and Other Bends.. 16.612.50Overdrafts6 6,742.29Furniture and Fixtures . 100.00Cash 13,36.08Due fiom Banks 52,594.26$500,599.9:LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 60,000.00Surplas and UndividedProfits.. .. 24,630.53Bills Payable Sl.500.00Rediscounts 1,060.00Deposits 333,409.38$500,599.91The above statement is made after the payment of our Fourth Semi-'Annual Dividend of 3 and adding $1,500.00 to Surplus.W. W. MITCHELL Cashier.OFFICERS Frank P. Ki3er, President; S. L. Weathers, Vice President; W. W. Mitchell, Cashiei ; Jno. W. Yerkes, Assistant Cashier; Dap. , Peed, Jr., Book Keeper.King Constantinc will not keep amonkey but it is dollars to dew eh- DIRECTORS Frank P. Kiser, S. L. Weather?, D. W. Peed, Geo. W.mils that he will make a monkey out J Wyatt, M. Hume Pajne, Sam Houston, Geo. K. Jone3, G. R- Burberry, J.of himself in three months. D. -McClintock.iNo Advance in Prices5:MATRIMONIAL.A mariiage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to WoodfordBlankenship, 22, of Cincinnati, O.,and Miss Sallie L Hall, 21, of Paris.few intimate friend? and by relatives. The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Frank Hall, ol Par's. She haalor several months been a member ofhe tales force at Posner Bros ' sIickstore, on Main street. Folkrving afhort bridal trip. Mr. and Mrs. Blankenship leturned to Cincinnati,wher; tlf proom is engaged in business.ISPETROLEUM BEINGNEEED.COK-BUCHANAN TUCKERICLARK BURRISWalter Buchanpn, 21, and Miss The marriage of Miss Alien?Rosa"Tuckii, 21, buth of this county,, Clark and Mr. Charles Burris, bcthsecured license m Cynthiana last residents cf the Little Rock vicinity, was solemnized at the home ofjihe bride's parents. Mr 'and Mrs.Edsell Clark, i: Little Rock. Theceremony was perfoimed by Re.,Linn A. Tiipp. of Detroit, Mich..brother-in-law of t-he groom, usim;J. Wallace Harper, of Green ' ln" rin- ceremony. Only the niem-MiRR JlllJPt T.OP UL1S U1 " " lil" " """mate menus witupssenweek, and were united in marri:at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. Carey F- Moore, in Cynthiana RISQUE HARPERCove, Florida, andRisnue. of Midway, were granted amarriage license Friday,sailles. Thejr were married Saturday afternoon, in Lexington, by Rev.Dr.- D. Clay Lilly, pastor of theFirst Presbyterian church.The bride is a handsome young woman, who has frequently visitedParis as gvest of Miss Mary KenneyWebber. She is a former student itthe University of Kentucky , and iswell-known throughout Centralthecere--- . liif.nTin vei- """j ,.4 j-receeainp, tne airivai oi tae ori-"A1J the world knows that this isthe day of petroleum, but what is thelime o' day? Doe the clock mirkforenoon, high noon, or afternoon?"Thus, an engineering firm expresses its cryptic forebodings concerningpetroleum. Within a few years coaland wood a.s fuel bnve found a powerful competitor in the oil fields.Our oil-buining warships and merchant fleets have joined the procesiion led by the automotive industryin trying to burn up the oil thit menare bringing out ol the bowels ofthe earth. Of couire. it is natural ithat there are many questtors con- Jcerning the reasons for the constant- fly rising prices in the community; jbut strange enough the answers areiar from satisfying. Jvouns: business man in uistown, Green Covo, Florida.dal pa.-ty and during the ceremonyMiss Marguerite Clark, of HamiltonCollege, played the wedding music.The bride was attired in a stylishtraveling suit of taupe velour, withhat to match, and carried a corsageboumiet of rosebuds.l ?. u .r3 n mt-m ali T3 ii V-" r " rf-rT Ime unyu ia uiic ui ouuiwun wa. cffort to get it outI. Jill. 11U "O flllV. lW W J. A A J.'-' "- w,-women, and talented musician. TheThe engineering repoit refer: edro above says that after every efforthas been exhausted to secure petro-i leum. that the results are that thvreis scarcely more than enough to re- Jeve the current stringency. 'Whatremains underground, " continues theleport. is "not a reserve, but in de- iimuce oi me wnaobT extravagance o:Trade at Home and Make Our Store "Home""l,TATv-inVb"r I'll trrr m ic n nrmvinPTltJ """ I ; .Mlnti rrw rw & r wk rvhis honi'j!Sritm lb a Iiuyuiai yyjuiis laimci.After a short weauing trip jxli. a-naMrs. Burris returned to Little RockHARNEY JOHNSONMiss Lyda Sue Harney, of, Georgetown, and William T. Johnson, of Paiis. were married Saturday afternoon at the Christianchurch parsonage, i" Georgetown,Rev. Ira M Boswell, the pastor, officiating. After tht? -vc'.aing Mr. and MrsJohnson weie truests. of honor at afamily dinner given by the groom'saunt. .Mrs Kate Hawkins, withwhom he made his home. The brideis a daughter of L. J. Harney, ofGeorgetown. Mr. Johnson has forseyjeral years been connected withthe Frankfort an-i Cincinnati railroad and' will make h?s home inPaiis, where he ha" rented a house.., oHALL BLANKENSHIP.The marriage of Miss Sallie'L.Hall, 21, of Paiis, and WoodfordBlankenship, 24, of Cincinnati, was'solemnized Saturday after-noon, at'- lhe home of the officiating minister.Rev. C. H.- Greer, pastor of .the ParisMethodist church, on4Ple-xsant street!p ceJK3-.Kny'vhs witnessed by ajBIRTHS..A. . .. L A A. .. sMr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahanare receiving congraulations for adaughtei, born January 1, napjedMary Elizabeth McClanahan.At the Good Samaritan Hcspital,in Lexington, to the wife of RobertTalbott, of near Clay's Cross Roads,a daughter Bettie Wallace Talbott.Neai Hutchison, to the wire olDenaue Hall, a daughter, Ruth Hall.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Remington, of East St. Louis, 111., are theproud parents of a fine son, born' attheir home Friday. Mr. Remingtonis a bi other of Frank aid Win. Remington, and Mrs."Maymie Parrish, ofParjs, and Mrs. WillianrHpward, Sr..of "Richmond. "" - "The truth of this statement canbaldly be questioned, but in this day'of regulating public utilities, and !safeguarding the public interestsand have gone to housekeeping in a against unfair methods in distribu-new house handsomely fitted up by tion, prices, and the like, it readsthe groom for the reception of hia, queer that a statement with all thefair bride. j earmarks of having been preparedo i by oil producers, should declareI that the oil concerns have actuallyj started to select their customers, forwe are told in the report that, "one,at least, of the great refinery interests which some months back withdrew eras oil from the market, hasnow arranged to discontinue the saleof fuel oil, entirely." !iIn view of this admassion it wili jbe interesting to follow the processes jof organizations like the FederalTrade Commission, which is inter- jesting itsef very vigorously in the tcoal situation. For coal.' likejoil, is jfuel; and any coal mining "district jthat would refuse to supply a' speci- ified industry would soon be called toaccount. The great oil interests haveapparently made their own methodsfor handling the public in the past;and it remains to be seen whetherthey can continue this policy, especi- jally when they discriminate tfralnlt !nanuracTiiring interests .tnatwequireJfuel oil: I f; jL-'w ft ,pPrice Smashing Footwear SaleOn All RemainingS AND ENDS0LIDAVOffering you the greatest shoe values of the season. Thousands of thenewest Fall Styles in Footwear are offered in this price-smashing sale at a fractionof their real value. Don't delay! This sale is your great opportunity to buy thechoicest in footwear at- Uraheard-of Prices!GOODS !Ladies' most beautiful $2.50 and 3.00 gradesHouse Slippers, fur. and ribbon trimmed,leather or cushion soles, in black, gray, pink,rose and blue.Sale price $ 1 .99Ladies' 2.00 Black and Grey Felt, piusrTtrimmed, leather soles.Sale price $1.49Ladies' $2.50 Felt SI ppers, leather soles.Sale price $1.49Children's Red Top Rubber BootsSale price $2.24Special Sale of Ladies' Jan Boots, Englishand French Heels, values to $8.00.Sale price $4.95Special Sale of Ladies' Tan and Black KidEnglish Lace Boots, values to $7.00.Sale price $3.99Boys' 34.00 Shoes.Sale Price $3.99Men's $3.00 Grades in Fine Felt Slippers ingray and black, leather soles and heels.Sale Price $1,99Men's $2.00 Grey and Black Felt Slippers.leather soles.Sale Price $1.49Special Sale Men's Tan and Gun Metal Shoes,$7.00 values.Sale Price $4,95Misses' and Children's House Slippers, allsizes.Sale Price 99cOur Entire Stock of Fall Shoes On Sale at Reduced Pricesii ff' ,, -DAN COHENParis1 Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beautyand Economy ReignIi4VUI3.4.J.rM'IvtT l ..'&2Q '$i VHZ.apa." -v 5jfa.fc uxc -B53fe-3l2 VSSXVS-VZT-i". ayi&fcr fev -ftlL- " - (- t- . . t. Mh-ttSOT-'' " -r -:. &,ri.v.M M?" 1viasaB&W-Syfe.-ssSfe. :.1L - f&&&0gi2m:- j i. j..'!." ustxTfiiii'iiivitrt.' rz:i.p7POiSS9PV.rr'iis- && .' ' --fiti.t- t-ft Zviiii&&&;i,r w'tfri- i'i-.a f'Urp-1-!t-JLftjgfeaJ