K4 " -t'j --W'P -- -"- . ".-"-. .HLVYDPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.' MVOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBONXOUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25. 1S21. r'W vi nt duuiiduiiIMlRELIGIOUS.Rev. W. E. Ellis will preachSunday morning and evening at theChiistian cnurch. The morning subject at 10:45, will be "A VineyardOn a Fruitful Hill." At 7:30 p. rn.he will take for bis subject, "NotFar From The Kingdom." SundaySchool at 9:30 a. m. The public iscordially invited to attend these services At the Christian church, Wednesday, three sessions were held bymissionaries in the interest of themission work of the church. Thoseengaged in the meetings were Mrs.Moore, of New York, Mrs. Hamilton,of China, J. H.,JElsara, of India, andJ. H. Eooth, oP&ft Louis. No collection was taken. The meetingswere held from 10:00 to noon, 2:00to 4:00, and 7:30 to 9:00 p. m.At the .evening session lectures wereillustrated with stereopticon slides.The meetings were of an educationalnature.A conference of the districtmanigers of the Every MemberCanvass and all other persons interested in the benevolent objectsof the General Assembly in thispart of the Ebenezer Presbytery willbe held in the Presbyterian church,in Carlisle, this (Friday) afternoon,beginning at 2:30 o'clock. Rev. T.S. Smylie, pastor of the Paris Presbyterian-church,and Chairman ofthe drive, will preside and directthe conference. The meeting willbe open to the general public, andall interested are invited to attend.The subject for the preachingservices Sunday at the Presbyterianchurch are: Morning, "Consecrated Brains," evening, ,'Why . ChristCame." The pa?tor, Rev-. T. S.Smjlie, hr.s been, absent from towniuiing pait of the week, holdiugsroup coDferpnces in the inteiest ofthe Presbyterian Progressive Program, in Augusta, Covington andCarlisle. He will preach at bothsunning and evening services Sunday. Hours "f ' preaching, 10:55 a.in., 7:15 p. ni. Sunday school 9:30a. in. Christian Endeavor G:30 p.m." Everybody welcome.The Christian Endeavor Society of the Presbyterian church willmeet at the usual hour Sundaynight. Miss NelJ Crutcher, leader.A contest between the C. E. of thechurch, and the North Middletown,Chiistian chuich for attendance-md. several other . features closedSunday night, the Paris church being the jictor. The C. E. Societywill hold a social thia (Friday)evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Sunday school room. All members arecordially invited to attend. TheEndeavor ist rying to obtain at leastone new subscription to the Christian Endeavor World by March 1,price SI. 50. Anyone desiring totake the paper will kindly adviseOoleman Williams at the C. E. meeting Sunday night.44i444yi4Al I MM I U H"M i 1 1S vTjm kit 2- o rfiLADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingSPRING '.MODELSinFrocks, Suits and WrapsBLOUSES IN ALL THE NEW MATERIALSAND SHADESHAND MADE BLOUSES IN BATISTE AND, Wo, tlIN OUR PIECE GOODS DEPARTMENT:f CANTON CREPE IN ALL THE NEW SHADESI NEW WOOL AND SILK SKIRTINGS ?FRENCH AND DOMESTIC GINGHAMS AND J1 VOILESDRESS LINENS"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.- LADIES', OUTFITTERSMJUJ IJLUJ H 1 1 It I Ml I M HtPRESIDENT - ELECT HABRDINGNAMES HIS CABINETPresident-elect Harding completedhis Cabinet glate Tuesday by a virtual selection of Edwin Denby, ofDetroit, Mich., as Secretary of theNavj.The choice was the first big surprise among ihe Cabinet selections,Mr. Denby's name having never appeared in newspaper speculationjabout the navy post. He- is an attorney and a former pnember ofCongress and has served as an enlisted man in wartime in both thenavy and marine corps.The new Cabinet, as selected byPresident-elect Harding will be:Secretary of State Chas. EvansHughes, New York.Secretary of the Treasurer Andrew Mellon, of Pennsylvania.Secretary of War John W.Weeks, of Mp-ssachusetts.Attorney General Harry M.Daugherty, of Ohio. xPostmaster General Will H.Bays, Indiana.Secretary of the Navy Edwin,Denby, of Michigan.Secretary of the Interior A. B.Fall, of Ncw Mexico.Secretaiy of Agriculture HenryWallace, of Iowa." Secretary of Commerce HerbertHoover, of California.Secretary of Labor Jas. J. Davis,of Pennsylvania.-OPENING.Watch for the opening announcement of "The Leader," which willmean good news to the ladies ofParis and surrounding terrltoiy.TOBACCO BARN BURNS.A iiirsre tobacco barn belongingto William Webb, on the fanm ofJames - Lfgg, near East Union, inNicholas county, was destroyed byfire Wednesday night. The barnwas filled with tobacco and contained 30 bushels of corn. The ?1,200insurance held will cover the cost ofrebuilding It is believed the blazestarted in the stripping room.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance.THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANMERCHANT. SEES MONEY-BURNIN STORE.T. V. FerrelL Mayfield merchant,n..ffai.ail tlk 1VGO YP 31 mil Of billS Ofv?fious denomination, aggregating?425, when a smau Doy in iib simpicked up some paper off the floorand put thqm in the stove alongwith the roll of greenbacks, whichhad dropped from Mr. Ferrell'spocket. They were discovered in thestove just as the last vestiges werecrumbling into ashes, but too lateto reclaim any pait.IN ALL SHADESMl 1 1 MfHM M II Ml 1 1 1 HCOMMERCIAL CLUB ACTIVITIES.Plans are going through for thenext noon Innrhpnn Tt will hpserved by the Women's Class of theunnstian Sunday School in'the Wilson building. Due to the fac thatthe room was crowded at the lastluncheon, one of the long- tables"will be eliminated "and attendancewill be limited to eighty. Those desiring io attend are ndvised to reserve their tickets light away. Moretnan tnirty have already been reserved. The entertainment committee is arranging some unusuallyfine musical numbers which will bepresented during the luncheon.The board of directois recently decided to do away with the monthlyforum meetings and hold quarterlymeetings instead Three forummeetincs were held and al each aspeaker was obtained at jconsidera-ble expense, one of them a $100chautauaua attraction. There wasan average attendance of about 150persons and the directors - decidedthe small attendance would not warrant the expense. The next meeting will probably be held in Marchand every effort w'ill be made tomake it worth while. '.A delegation of Paris ComjmercialClub members attended the quarterly meeting of the Mt. SterlingChamber of Commerce held lastnight. This was to repay the vi3itof the Mt. Sterling men to the lastCommercial Club luncheon. The secretaries of Central x Kentucky commerercil clubs hope to promaoie frequent irterchnge of visits .amongihe organizations and develop closuco-operacioiie among the cities.From 'all. indications Paris willhave two ice plants this summer.D. E. Pendery and J. R. Solar, bothof Covington, are looking for suitable houses in Palis and vail movetheir families as soon as they canget located. These two men haveassumed management of the ParisIce Manufacturing Compaay. - Theyare both young men and have applied for membership in the Commercial Club. Mr. Jeff Denton ismaking fast progress in his plansfor a new ice plant and is sparingno expense to equip it with thehighest grade machinery. A limitedamount of stock' at $100 a share issavailable and Mr. Denton is anxiousto complete the subsciiptions withinthe next few days. .The housing situation has reacheda most serioi'b sage in Paris andactually hundreds of persons areseeking good rental property. Thereis a great need for additional residences in Paris and it is hopedthat, with the decrease in. cost ofbunding materials, home buildhtgwill be taken up on a big scale.The last few weeks have markedthe arrival of several new businessmen who have confidence enough inthe future of Paris to , establishthemselves in business here. Amongthese are Messrs. Tully and Crider,who are in the cleaning and pressingbusiness- Mes.3rs. Milner and Perrin, owners of The Leader, whichwill be established soon in theSimon building, and the new managers of the Paris Ice Co.There are many persons in Paiiswho have hesitated to take outmembership in the CommercialClub. All persons, men or women,are eligible to membership and anyone desiring to join can do so bysigning a membeiship card at theCommercial Club office. The biggerthe commercial club, the bigger theactive working membership, thesooner Paris will assume the placein the sun that she is destined totake, eventually. Paris has everything in her favor as to natuial resources. All she needs is a big, livegroup of boosters, all interested inmaking Paris a bigger, better andbusier town. There's nothing toogood for Paris.The directors at their last meeting expressed appreciation of thework of the cemetery company inmaking improvements and the following letter has been sent to B. M.Renick, piesident of the company:"The directors of the Paris Commercial Club extend to you and theother officers and directors of theParis Cemetery Co. their appreciation of the improvements you aremaking in the Paiis Cemetery.They also assure"" you of their willingness to co-operate in your effortsto piake the cemetery one of themost beautiful and appealing opotsin the city and a fitting memorialto ihose whose memories we cherish." Soon all visitois to Paris will secjust before they enter the city,large road signs extending a welcome to the city. This will givethe visitor the impression that heis entering an np-and coming gogetter of a little city where hispresence will be appreciated. Thesigns will read something like this."Welcome You aie now enteringParis, Kentucky, the best little cityon the imap."PRAISE FOR PARIS WORKER.In a statement issued recently by'the State Director of the Near EastRelief Fund the following mention,was made of Mrs. Hiram S. Redmon, who has been tireless in herefforts in behalf of the fund:4 "Another county deserving thehighest praise is Bourbon. Thiswonderful chaiiman has reachedthe goal set, and is' endeavoring toput Bourbon county "m the lead ofall others. The cry of a hungrychild keeps Mrs. Redmon on thealert for people who should contribute to so worthy a fund, and .shepays uoattention whateve'r to quo-;tasj'but goes merrily on, long asihe can save a 'child's lifeJ" c? . .THE TOBACCO MABKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. disposed of a total of 14,000pounds of tobacco in Tuearhv'K s-iiowhich brought an average of ?13.9t !per nunarea povnds. The sale wasblocked after this amount had beendisposed of and was contimiP.ri tnthe Wednesday sale.The New . Independent TobaccoHouse sold Tuesdav a total of 172 -500 pounds of tobacco for 22,236,-Ui, an average of $12.95', Thequality of the offerings was slightlyimproved.y the crop of 2,540pounds sold by Talbotf & Smootbrought an average of $22.95.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. completed Wednesdav thBblocked sule of Tuesday. The saleclosed witn a total of 293,605pounds of tobacco disposed of for$35,676.18. an average of $12.11.The highest average was $35.38, realized on a crop of 2,360 poundssold by J. P. Hariiej. Other cropsaveraged from $3 6.64 to $24.46.oCONTRIBUTE TO EUROPEAN BELIEF FUND.Following are contributois onWashington's Birthday to the European Relief Council through Express Agent Colin er: J. J. Brady,Sherman Laihram, Horace Neal,Espy Bailey, Wm. Lathram, J. A.Bower, J. G. Metcalfe, John McNab,J. A. Morrison, Henry L. Terrill, E.P. Clark, E. C. Lathram. You maypurchase Invisible Guest Certificatesat your local express office. Buy acertificate and save a life.Following are the latest contributors to the European Relief Council through Express Agent Colliver:Miss Mabel Soper, John T. Port,Miss Rosalie Santen, W. H. Stilwell,J. F. Faris, Grant Robinson, JohnChristniDn, Maurice Clark, B. A.Batterton, Emery Lane, James L.Coniack. To each contributor alittle child says, "Thank you forsaving me." Invisible Guest Certificates may be pbtained at yourlocal express office. Buy nosv andsave a life.NOTICE. -Foot specialist permanently located. Dr. J. W. Weber, the chiropodist,(foot doctor) has removed his officefrom the Windsor Hotel to theBourbon-Agricultural Bank Building and can be seen there everyiTuesday, Wednesday and Friday,Those who suffer with their feetcan see him Tuesday, WednesdayLand Friday, at the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank Building. (22-tf)SAYS CHILD LABOR TAX ISEVADED IN KENTUCKY.There is not a firm in Kentuckywhich pays the child labor tax of 10per cent of the gross value of goodsmade by children under 16 years old.according to Elwood Hamilton, Collector of Internal Revenue. Thelaw which creates the tax also provides that no child under 14 shallwork more than eight hours aday, six days a week.NOTICE TO THE BUYING PUBLICIROM TOWNSEND DAIRYI am addressing this notice as a(means to reach each and every customer. It will be impossible for meto ell at the low price the newdairymen have put on milk, owingto the price of feed. It would meanfor me to give you milk for twomonths, and I know you don't wantthat. I will be glad to give you aprice on milk when grass comes."Don't be tricked by unfair dealers,who are offering you these prices.I sell absolutely pure milk, Somefor infants and invalids. I appreate your trade. Call CumberlandPhone 456.TOWNSEND DAIRY,Miss Ida Arkle, Pi op.(25-2t)oCLOSING OUT SALE STILLGOING ON.The big closing out sale ofthe Army Goods Store is stillgoing on and bargains by thehundred are being sold. Haveyou gotten -yours? Read overt r e prices on handbills. Betterstill, come in.PARIS SALVAGE CO.,Dow BEdg., Main St.JUDGE STITT GIVES OPINION OFSATAN.In a letl er to the Lexington Heraid, Judge Harmon Stitt, formerlyof Paris, writes, in his characteristic way, giving his vew of Satan.Judge Stitt refers to a sermon delivered in Lexington recently by alocal minister on the subject of"Satan."After going exhaustively into thepros and cons of the subject JudgeStitl brings his article to a closewith the following very characteristic paragraph: "As for myself, I saynothing. Satan has done me one ortwo very good turns then again,he has dealt me several wallops thatmade me think he would bearwatching."NOTES OF THE LODGES"At the recent, meeting of BourbonLodge -No. 26, I. O. O. F., the Second Degree was conferred on AlbertJohnson and Thomas Sadler. TheThird Degree will be conferred atthe meeting to be held-next Mondaynight. All candidates" entitled tothis degree re requested to "be' onham"' Monday night.TERM HONOR ROLL PARIS HIGH:SCHOOL .To -get on this honor roll it is'necessaiy to be present every day,never tardy, and have a srhninrsTiiistanding of ninety or above for theentire term of five months.FRESHMAN CLASSWinsor Letton 94, Margaret Santen 92r Martha Connell 91.Teachers, Misses Robb and Stivers.-SOPHOMORE CLASSLillian Alexander 90, LeslieSmith 92.Teacher, Miss Lpckhart.JUNIOR CLASSMary K. Doyle 93, Anne E.Ewalt 91, Joe H. Ewalt 95, ;Elizabeth Greer 91, Dorothy Jacoby 90,Gilbert Lavin 94, Aliqe McClintock91. Theda Santen 90. KathervnWallingford 90.Teacher, Miss Steens.SENIOR CLASSBetsy Helburn 91, Morris Price91.Teacher, Miss Butler.oFORMER PARIS EOT RECEIVESPROMOTIONThe Hazard Herald has the following concerning the promotion ofI. Irvine Dempsey, formerly . ofParis:"J. I. Dempsey and W. Earl Elliswere given promotions by the Boardof Directors of the Hazard Bank ndTrust Company at a meeting heldSaturday. Mr. Dempsey wa3 advanced from cashier to second vice-pres- fident and Mr. Ellin made cashier.B. P. Wootton was re-elected president and W. M. Pursiful, first vicepresident."The directors of the bank are:R. P. Wootton, 'J. I. Dejmpsey, W. W.Reeves, W. M. Pursiful, W. A. Johnson, W F. Ficklin. W. G. Jenkins,F. G. Brashear, Jack Glass and JudgeH. C. Faulkner."NEW SCHOOL BOARD TO VISIT. SCHOOLS. .The Bourbon County Board ofEducation will hold itjlast meeting"next Monday morning in the officeof County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood, in the court house,for the purpose of finishing old business. The new board will 'hold itsfirst meeting on Tuesday morning,and will pay a visit of inspectionto the various schools of the county,in order to become better' acquainted with their needs.ATTEHD THIS SALE ON FEBOTABY 26THJ. H. Blanks will sell at publicauction, on February 26, at the Geo.Wagoner place, commencing at 2p. m., all his livestock, crop andfarm ipnpments, household andkitchen furniture, automobile, etc.Read the ad in another column.(22-25)oWINDOW AND DOORSCREENS.Have your window and doorscreens made now. wBusiness is dull in our milland in order to keep our menbusy we would like to have orders for doors and windowscreens for spring. We canbuild them cheaper and perhaps give more satisfactory service now than lattr. Let ussend our man to take measurements and make estimates.BOUBON LUMBER CO.M. Peale Collier, JManager.18-3tBIRTHS. .4" A handsome daughter has arrived at the home of Mr. and Mr3.Carlos Johnson, in this city. Thenew member of the household hasbeen named Birdie Lee Johnson.owers!We order from eitherChristman, of Paris, orfrom Lexington florists,your choice. Quick delivery and careful attento all orders.JO VARDENlitTOBACCO BOARD 01ELECT OEREGEBSAt the recent meeting of tWParis Tobacco Board of Tra4, tWfollowing officers were !'serve during the ensuing term: - -J. M. Sturgeon, preside t; Jftfctf .T. Collins, vice-president; J. L. Dea.ton, secretary and treasurer; Boarof Directors Edward Burke, H.-L.Glasgow, C. C. Clarke, Earl CtirtisJS. K. Nichols, E. W. Glass, Harr$Drake; Sales Committee Dam WPeed, Harry Drake, Edward 3urke;iArbitration Copimittee E. WGlass. Dan W. Peed, Harry DraktvEdward Burke, John M. Sturgeon,Jr. Mr. Sturgeon, who representthe American. Tobacco Compaaywill serve as president of the orgamization for the third consecutiraterm.The report of the Paris tobaccomarket shows that it ranks fourth im"size in the entire Burley district.It has six warehouses with a corbined selling capacity of a raillioa .and n quarter pounds of tobacco.More than this amount is sole! beeweekly because the buyers arehandling tobacco raster this seasonthan ever before. Additional storagenouses nave oeen ouiic Dy wie companies for the redrying plants ofJthacity.--Q-rBASKET BALL GAMESThe Paris Y. M. C. A. basket ballteam visited Cynthiana, Tuesdaynight and took a fall out of the Cynthiana Athletic Club team by thescore of 32 to 21.Paris and Nicholasville basketball teams played a double-headeron the floor of the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium in this city Tuesday night.The Paris Y. M. C. A. girls' teanrdefeated the Nicholasville High,School girls by the scoie of 36 to23. The Paris Knights of Columbusy.eani defeated the team from th3Nicholasville Athletic Club by thescore of C2 to II.Bssil Hayden and Bobbie Lavin,P. II. S. graduates, now attendingKentucky University, at Lexington.-ivere members of the K. U. basketball squad who left Wednesdaynight for Atlanta, Ga. The teapi feentered in the four-day basket ball -tournamentof the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association,which begins to-day. Sixtetajuniversities and colleges have entered teams in this tournamentHayden and Lavin have written tlMword "star" opposite, their nameson the K. U. team's record.The local Knights of Columbusbasket ba?l team will go to Cynthiana to-night, where they will playthe Cynthiana Athletic Club team. -Th3local team has been strengthened and are confident of taking thegame from the Maiden City goaltossers. We Know HowNettletonShoesReduced to$15.00WitchelkShoesReduced$4.00THE PAIRThe above prices arejjbargains and are madeto raise cash.Come in TO-DAY andget a pair of highgrade shoes at a re- .sonable price.MITCHELL &BLAKEMOREOUTFITTERS TO MMAsx.: ij&&&''- nrJkr f"v-v- -.-v2;,tVT' Y'H-PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1521'IB(THE BOURBON IWSXitabli hed 188140 tears of Continuous JuMicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2,006 Months. .$1.00- Payable m Advance.LOST "HONEY ilNE"IHT IN TEXASees Reported to Have "BeenStoring Sweets in-Great Cavern for Years.WWWT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.'XMaxered at The Paris, Kentucky,vPostoflice as Mail Matter of tlieSecond Class.)QU3 FOREIGN EEPBESENTA-TIVES.New York American Press Assolittibn. dicago Xord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Elaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Lowinan-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATES-Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch lor first time; 50 cents per inchob. subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per; lino&kck issue; reading notices in blacktrpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Crds of thanks, calls on candi4.tee, obituaries and resolutions, and"iiinil&r matter 10 cents per line.Special rateb for large advertiseaent3 a 'd yearly contracts.The r.fct of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherBlatter for publication.Announcements for political ofUcealust invariably be accompanied byus cash..Any-erroneou3 reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.Fort Worth, Tex. Search for the famous 'lost mine of honey," where itIs claimed that Jiees for centurieshave been storing away billions ofpounds of honey, .has been renewed.Bringing with him numerous mapsand diagrams of caves through TexastE. B. Bees, an engineer, arrived hererecently to begin his quest for the"cavern of sweets."In the event his search is successful,an Atlanta (Ga.) firm, which he represents, plans to erect a huge refinerynear the cave, he says.According to tradition this cave, saidto contain 100,000,000,000 jiounds ofTook a Relative's AdviceSykesville, Md. "I was in badhealth for about ten months suffered everyday with myleft side. Ithen begantaking Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription andalso the Golden MedicalDiscoveryand was greatly benefited. Aftertaking six bottles I was well."I took Dr. Pierce's medicines atthe advice of a relative- who uses the'Prescription' for herself and gives itto her daughter. I think this medicine is good for all women, in arundown state." MRS. W. BLIZZARD.Have been sold by druggists forthe past fifty years.PUBLIC SALEOP& 9Live Stock, Crop andImplementsWanted, Cook.Good cook wanted for a family ofvhree. Prefer one without husbandor family.W. T. BUCKNER.(8-tf) Cumb. Phone 429.HemstitchingMrs. B. R. Dickerson has returned and is prepared to do all kindsof hemfititcbing at her home, No.500 Pleasant street, Paris, Ky. CalLCumberland Phone 551. (22-2t)XI 5Beliefs Connected With Arch.The arch, one of the niot beautiful of architectural pchlevetuents, wasoftec associated with superstition. InIndia, in China, in New Zealand, tocrawl under a briar grown down inthe Fhape of an arch is considered asure cure for rheumatism, .bolls,whooping cough, or whatever ails you.A sick child is passed under such anarch. In Borneo, and in New Guinea,passing under an arch is an initiationprocess observed with much ceremony.oNATIVE BULGARIANHEALTH BREWBoris Marokeft, native Bulgarian,combined 14 herbs into his famousformal.A. teaspoonful of Bulgarian BloodTea taken steaming not at bedtimeassists nature to break up a bad coldand guardagainst Influenza and Pneumonia. People over forty will find that Bulgarian Blood Tea is pure and healthfuL Nature must be assisted to relieveconstipation, liver, kidney and boweltrouble. Keep a box of BulgarianBlood Tea always at hand ready forfeistant use to prevent sickness.VLost RingSomewhere in Paris, on February 3, a soltaire diamond ring.Finder will receive reward by returning to, jmy office, over G. S. Varden & Son's drug store.MRS. HARRIET MINAKER.(15-tf)Wok W antedI am better prepared than everto do sewing for ladies and children.Also remodeling and repairing forgentlemen. Prices reasonable.Please bring me your work, andhelp the blind.MRS MARY E. RANKIN,621 Ferguson St., Paris, Ky.SPECIALI will sell at the Georee Wae-nArplace, about 4jmiles from Paris, on!mi; jyniniana pnte, onSaturday, Feb. 26, ,1921,it 2 p. m'., the following: "2 mules;1 wagon;1 hay frame and bed combined;1 tobacco setter, Bemus;I Avery cultivator;1 cutting harrow;1 2-horse breaking plow;2 3-shovel Rastus plow;1 -tarpaulin;A lot of pitchforks, shovels, singletrees, i set or Harness.CROPS: o00 barrels of corn; t8 tons mixed baled-hay;5 sacks fertilizer;1 Ford touring car;Some ?ioushold and kitchen furniture and a lot of other things toonumerous o mention.J. R." BLANKS, Owner.Geo. D Speakes, Auctioneer.(22-25)DR. W. J. KirFVETERINARIANSuccessor to Dr. WatsonOffice InB0URE0N GARAGE. PARIS. XX(nov-19-tf)Both Phones 347.Bottom Drops Out ofLumber PricesLostBetween Fordham Hotel and L. &N. passenger station, on Mondaymorning., a bill-fold pocketbock containing about fifty dollars. Liberalreward for its return to this-' office.O 8-tf) -Prices have declined 40 to 50 percent, and we are cutting our pricesin line wfih the market, giving, liiepublic tFe advantage of this big reduction. If you have anything in our lineto buy, we feel that now is yourchance.We shall be pleased to give you anestimate on your wants..MANSFIELD - JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.Cumberland Phone 711, Home 510.Trees for Spring Planting !Write for our free catalogofferingFruit and Shade Trees -Blooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrape VinesPerennialsEvergreens .HedgingRosesEtc.Everything for the Orchard,,.Lawn and Garden. No Agents;,?H. F. HHtenmeyer & SonsLexington, Ky.(feM-tf)MKIOHSSALEMost Eggs in New Moon Period.Experiments have shown that moreeggs will hatch if the hen is set whenthe moon is new, or very cloe tothat period, and that the young chickshatched at that time will be strongerand more vigorous, and will grow morerapidly. On the other hand, chickshatched when there Is no moon areften more weakly and do not makesuch strong and vigorous fowls, nor J .aire uiey sucn gooa eg-;iyers.T-Firs'. Suggestion."What do jou suppose the firstquarrel between Adam and Eve wasabout?" "I guess she pitched intoaim about raising Cain."ONE NEIGHBORTELLS ANOTHERPoints the Way to Comfortand Health. Other WomenPlease ReadThe Blast Exploded Prematurely.honey, is somewhere near Menard,Tex. Indians first reported it. ThenSpanish missionaries and soldiers,working their way northward from theoutpost of San Antonio, heard of the"honey mine." It was said to be highup on a hill and inaccessible, excepthy hanging over a cUT.In later years, after the Indians andSpanish were gone, efforts were madeto enter this cave, and one adventurer is said to have been stung to death.The most promising clew in the possession of Rees, who is making hisheadquarters in Fort Worth during- hisquest, is from San Saba county.. Therea honey cave exists, and is high up outhe hillside. Residents near there,however, will mot venture an opinionas to the amount of honey storedaway in the cavern recesses or as tothe age of the cave. But they saypositively no one has ever been ableto reach the honey.At one time young men living nearthe "mftie" organized to get thehonej.The leader, armed with a blast of explosive, was lowered over the face ofthe cliff and down to the cave entrance. But the blast exploded prematurely and the man barely escapedwith his life:Rees estimates that the honey, if itexists in the rumored amount and canbe distilled, would be worth approximately ?1,000,000,000.BOURBON QUARTERLY COURTS. R. Hiidnall PlaintiffVs. Noiice of Sale.Jack Hill and John WillHill DefendantsIIIIIHkl sMMSfot HBB5BelPPPJPJPJr naFS 9BBklllllllllAJ2 " ' JiillflHHIIVf:- .-.- ell, Moundsville, W. Va "I had takendoctor's medicine for nearly two yearsbecause my periodswere irregular, cameevery two weeks,and I would sufferwith bearincr-downpains. A lady toldme of Lvdia E. Pink-ham's VegetableCompound and howmuch good it haddone her daughter,so 1 took it and nowI am regular everyI month and have nopaki at all. I recommend your medicine to everyone and you may publishray teatimpnial, hoping that the Vegetable Compound does some other girlthe good it has done me. ' ' Mrs. GeorgeTBGARDEN, 915 Third Street, Moundsville, W. Va.How many young girls suffer as Mrs.v Tegarden did and do not know where totwn for advice or help. They often areobliged to earn their living by toiling4ay in and day out no matter how hardtbe pain they have to bear. Every girlwho suffers in this way should try LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andif she does not get prompt relief writeto the Lydia E, Pinkham Medicine Co.,Lpa, lfaaiaclHmtti, about her health.. Bmcb letters are held in strict confi-Texas Womsm With GunDrove-Masher to JailAlex Kobelinko of New Yorkcity tried to strike up an acquaintance with Mrs. J. C.Moody on a country road twomjles from Dallas, Tex. Hefound himself looking into a revolver muzzle.Just? then, Mrs. Moody'sbrother came along in the family automobile and, with the woman sitting in the back seattaking a casual shot at Kobelinko every time his speed slackened a little, they chased himtoward town until they metSheriff Harston, who arrestedthe New Yorker on a charge ofaggravated assault. Kobelinkodeclared that as soon as he wasfree he was going back toBroadway where the girls do notknow how to shoot.Under and by virtue of a judgment and order, of sale rendered atthe Febiuary term, 1921, of theBourbon Quarterly Court in thestyled cause therein ponding, theundersigned Special Commissionerwill sell at public auction at thefront door of the court house inParis, Kentucky, on Monday, March7, 1921, at about the hour of 11:00o'clock a. m., the following described property:One Five-passenger Ford TouringCar.Said sale will be made upon credits of three months, the purchaserbeing required to execute bond forpurchase money, with good and approved surety, payable to the undersigned Special Commissioner and tobe approved by said Special Commissioner.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying a debt of S R. Hudnall against Jack Hill and JohnWill Hill amounting to Twenty-SixDollars and Sixty Cents ($26.60)wil-h interest at the rate of 6 fromNovember 1, 1920, and the costs ofthis action. Total debt, interestand costs as estimated as of the dateof sale amounting to $54.24.W. G. McCLINTOCK,Special Commissioner.C. A. MCMILLAN, Atly. for Plaintiff(febl8-25mar4)SPECIALCOMMISSIONER'SSALEBOURBON QUARTERLY COURTS. R. Hudnall PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.I Pete Carter DefendantKU KLUX BAND IN MISSOURISecret Organization Deals Out SumN mary Justice in CedarCounty.Fair Play, Mo. A while cap organization, similar to the Ku Klux Klauof the old South, is said to be working effectively in the eastern part olCedar county.The band work secretly and silently, deals summary justice, and theLdisbands. It was formed a year agobut none of its victims "squealed,'so their activities are just beginningto become known.Recently, according to reports, aCedar county' farmer was taken fronhis home and whipped. The visit Issaid to have followed reports that thefarmer had beaten his three-year-oldstepson. , 'Under and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe February term, 1921, of theBourbon Quarterly Court, in theabove styled cause therein pending,the undersigned Snecial Commissioner will sell at public auction atthe front door of the Court House,in Paris. Kentucky, on March 7,1921, at about the hour of 11:00o'clock a. an.; the following described property:One Five-Passenger Ford Touring-Car.Said sale will be made uponcredits of three months, the purchaser being1 required to execute abond for purchase price with goodsurety, payable to the undersignedSpecial Commissioner and to be approved by said Special Commissionoi.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying a debt of S. R. Hudnall against Pete Carter- amountingto Bighry-Four Dollars and FomCents ($84.04) with interest at therate of 6 fiom November 1, 1920,until paid and the costs of this action. 0 Total debt, interest and costsas estimated as of the date of thesale amounting to $114. 7SW. G. McCLINTOCK,Special Commissioner.C. A McMlLLAN, Atty. for Plaintiff(febl8'25mar4) , ' v8mall Farms at AuctionON TUESDAY. MARCH 1At 10:30 O'clock A. M.We will sell to the highest bidder the Kenney Farm, located on the Houston pike andtheNjj. & N. Railroad, about three-quarters of a mile from the Maysville or Paris Pike, ninemiles north of Lexington. This farm contains 68 acres, on which is located a well built sixroom frame cottage on stpne foundation, good stable, hen house, carriage house and good fences.J. here is a large cistern near the residence and a good artesian well. There are also severalponds and a never failing spring on the farm. It has a long pike frontage andan easily besubdivided into small tracts.Interurban stop No. 34 is just one-half of a mile from the farm, and there is a stationon the L. & N. at the corner of the place. Schools and churches are close. The location,therefore, is ideal.At 2:30 P. M on the Same Daywe will sell to the highest bidder a small place, containing 17 acres, located on the Todd'sRoad, one-quarter of a mile from the Richmond pike, and a mile and one-half from the citylimits of Lexington, This place is improved with a five-room frame cottage, stable andother outbuildings.These farms are being sold to settle the estate of Mrs. Juliet P. Kenney and will besoldrrSSl(lu.t a2,y reserve whatever to the highest bidders. Possession MARCH 1, 1921.1MCMS Easy and will be announced at sale.Security Trust CompanyAdm. Mrs. Juliet P. Kenneyee3;9G9$4l&Q39jwm a tiBH - fTnwMMiinvest InHome IndustriesMake your New Year present this year onethat will give a future return. Our shortterm bonds due in 1929 net 7.6 interestper year. We refund the 4 - mill State Taxand Normal Income Tax.$50 Bond sold for $45$100 Bond sold for $90.VTerms cash or on installment plan ask anyTraction employee for detailsLexington Utilities CompanyJ1SS13 Jfacorperated in Kentucky "156 West Main Street " Lexington, Ky.t:?t-hV-ts-f-x.rj?-"fJ' FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1921THE BOUKBON 'NEWS, PARIS, KBMTUCOPoor Old DadlAnd it has just about gotten so inthis country that when father refersto himself as the head of the house Itstarts a laugh. Galveston News.wtr"Cold 11 the Head"COUNTRY BOY NQ FOOUA boy saf on a rail fence inclosing acornfield. A city chap, passing by.said:"Your corn looks kind of yellow.bub.V '"Yep ; that's the kind we planted,"replied the bub.It don't look like you will get moreJSUan acu,te attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thellAfl.fl" Will flnrJ tVo hn .. TTATT.r,----- ..u. vwu.v. mi; UOC UJ. nrtlfli jj I "- jvu 11 ill feci lliULCCATARRH MEDICINE will build up the . than a half a crop," said the citv clinnbystem, cleanse the Kinori nnd ,i. . . f ' ?"" we -u cnap.thorn looe liohlo i.i,. t- . "VA I J-NODG! WG dflTVf dVrPft f r tlia lnvwlChronic0 nit CU ie Catarrh may lead to lorl gets the other half," retorted theChronic CatarrhHALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing- the inflammation andrestoring: normal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.xzxasscsmiANNOUNCEMENT!FOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of Noi'hMiddletown, as a candidate for theoffice of Sa1e Senator from theTwenty -eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark and ?vrontgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at tlv-polls.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAMES H. THOMFSON, of Paris, aa candidate for re-election as Repesentative from Bourbon County inthe Lower House of the Kentuckvlegislature, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.youngster.The stranger hesitated a momentand then ventured:"You are not very far from a fool,are you, my boy?""Nope; not more'n ten feet," saidthe boy, and the city chap moved on.Tidings to Be Spread."Mrs. Jiblvay told me Mr. JIbway'ssalary has been increased $5,000 ayear," said Mrs. Dubwaite."Well, ray dear?" replied Mr. Dubwaite. "But she told me in the strictestconfidence. Would it be wrong forme to tell all the neighbors?""If you don't she will never forgiveyou."We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbor county, in theLower House of thv Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action )i thevoters of the county in the primary,election tG be held on August G.1921.Feminine Unconcern."Did the lady say anything whenshe backed her motorcar through yourplate glass window?" asked the investigating policeman."She certainly did," said the merchant. "What was it?""She said, 'Oh, dear, I'll be late atthe beauty parlor !' "FOR SHERIFF.j uereoy announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff- of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1921. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.R. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support nnd influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR, COUNTY CLERKWe are authorized tc announcePEARCE PATON as a candidate -forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,supject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 1921.We are authoiized to announce JB. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County CourL,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921.FOR JAILERWe are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, 'of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic "nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action, of the voters at the primaryelection, in Aiust, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as a Icandidate for Jailer, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,3921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (fajmiliarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW. O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jailer of Bourhon county, subject to the action ofthe voters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your suppoit.4K WliK. 'KING UNH0N0RED AND UNSUNGMilan of Serbia Probably the "GreatestProfligate of Which There IsRecord.More than one king has died in pov-,erty and some have died in disgrace;but it remained for King Milan ofSerbia to die without a throne, without a country, without a dollar andwithout a friend, hated by his countrymen, laughed at by all who methim, and despised by his own sonand wife. He was born in 1S5-1, andin 1SGS we find him in Paris, a blaserone of fourteen, who got drunk,smoked cigars, associated withgamblers, street women and thieves,and already an avowed atheist andhater of virtue and decency. Thedeath of his second cousin, MichaelIV, put him on the throne.- He married a beautiful girl of sixteen, wholoved him and uho bore him a son.All ent well until she caughthim making love to a middle-agedAustrian spy woman In a royal forest. After that he bared the clovenJioof, choked and insulted the queen,hated his son and began a career ofdiurikenness and wickedness thatdisgusted his subjects. He wftsforced to abdicate, and althoughInter his son, then king, broughthim back as commander in chief ofthe Serbian army, he returned thisfavor by attempting to kill his ownchild. He was ordered out of thecountry, and ended up as a hangeron of low saloons and dives in Vienna, scorned even by the waiters andcoarse women that frequented theplaces.GENUINE131 111 i "DURHAMtobacco makes SOgood cigarettes forsx 10cPAG1ZEBettertTM.jAN UNACCOMMODATING PARENT"Why is Willie crying so?""He lost part of his engine andnow he's yelling because J won't lethim have my false teeth for a cowcatcher."Slangy.I'd like to giveThe man a crack,Who speaks of coin,But calls it "jack."Quick Time.""What is the name of that beautifulsummer girl I have been going aroundwith?""I thought you were engaged toher," said the hotel clerk."I am. That is why I wish to knowher name."Catch It There, Too."Would you call Blithersby stupid?""Well, he has a limited amount ofintelligence.""Yes.""He can trace the decline In thepopularity of mince pie to the eighteenth amendment."A Wavering Faith."You still have faith in the wisdomof the plain people?""I liaveft. replied Senator Sorghum,"but I must admit my faithwavered alittle when the returns looked as if theplain people had decided to put another man in my place."youFOR TAX CCMMISSIONr.ltWe are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Dcp.aty County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticparty.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Precinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon County,wlih VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, ofMillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthMiddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourbon county, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBourbon county.FORDEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER.Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax CommissionerIn Bourbon County, subject to theaction of the Democratic party.FOB POLICE JUDGEWe are authoiized to announceTHFODORE P. NIX, of Paris, as,acandidate for Police Judge- of theCity of Pavis, subject to the actionof the voters at the primary election on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceROBFRT S PORTER, of Paris, as .candidate for Police Judge of theCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters in the primary election on Aupitt f, 1121.Accounting for Slowness.Mother (severely) Mabel, dosee the hour past midnight?Daughter I know-' it's late, mother,but you see, Jack's auto turned turtle.Mother Well, and did you ridehome on the back of the turtle?Uninviting Prospect."Why did you refuse Richard?"" "He began talking about two livingas cheaply as one. When I get married I expect to make the money fly."FIRST HOUSE PILGRIMS BUILTPlymouth Venerates Site of StructureWhere Settlers Modeled CivilForm of Government.Fntil they have gazed upon theRock, visitors to Plymouth town decline, as a rule, to see anything else.Having performed Hint duty, theyusually stroll or spin up Leyden street,which extends from a point cononieiitly near the Rock, to the footof Burial hill, where the Pilgrim fortand watch tower used to frown downupon the Indians. Leyden street isNew England's oldest thorouglifare.Once It was called, quite aptly, First&tieet.On one's way up Leyden street onemust stop to look at the site of thefirt house which the Mayflower passengers erected in the wilderness. Inthis structure the settlers had theirilifig at the purest form of democracy.Here, modeling their civil government upon the compact which hadbeen drawn up in the cabin of theMayflower while she was, anchored,In the haubor of Cape Cod, they'dis-cussed laws for their guidance, andelected Myles Slandish, by majorityvote, captain of the Plymouth homeguard.Healthin your meal-time beverage when you usefchsi51ElatisLikstaxt ate- - VwP05TUM1A BEVERAGE.PsstLT- Cereal CoirpssMVtKMjJt. 'r w- inn aui Iil"Ktiff Guaranteed lyfhtS JVtAJLrt&aM- tdrjr,rJTrr iiimwinv.nPorcupnc No Mean Foe.Dogs have to bo well used to theworl? of Jiuntinir norcimfnes nr thnv.have no chance, a porcupine will stopbuaueniy in full fi-ght and as it were,instantaneously reveise engines, andcome churg.nu full backwards. Thebest dog I ever had, a bull terrjer, waskilled by this trick, tie was absolutely without-fcar and simply threw himself upon the advancing avalanche ofspikes, and was in consequence speared right through the heart I can assure you hunnnif porcupines Is not atall a sport to be despised. Exchange.oiiIts pleasing .Qavor re zsembles that o coffee, butit contains none oF coFfees Harmful elements . .OMade in the cup "quickas a wink? by the "addition.-of hot water strong or mildto suit individual taste,.7 b-Instant Postum is the Ideal Brinkfor all the Jkmilr.Madei7 Postnm Cereal Compeny.Ir-.Battle Creelc, Michigan.."iA'-iV-rrTTTTA True Philosopher.A retired sea captain, who lived inOiland, Me., was inordinately fond ofhis garden and very proud of its neatand well-kept appearance. One Sunday he returned from church andfound five hogs busily engaged inflecking his garden the finest in all 1Oi land.Leaning on the fence, he looked longand earnestly at the result of theirdepredations, and his wife shed a fewtears. The passing neighbors pausedto look, and many a furtive glancewent to the face of the captain tosee how he was taking it. At lasthe heaved a deep. sign and put hishand on his wife's arm."Never mind, Polly," he said. "Younever can lay dirt to suit a hogYouth's Companion.flftilP r--a E B B . iimnJVn 1 MAKEEllillff till K 3 H N. RSI 1 IfH Mm uii mmiTo-night sure! Let a pleasant,harmless Casoaret work while yousleep and have your liver active,head clear, stomach sweet and bowels moving regular by morning. Nogriping or inconvenience. 10. 2b01 50 cent boxes. Children love tliiscandy cathartic, too. (adv)o'41.10 '.fiaioosjo spoan oin put rnqc 0 Suip.icoonjaipo out o Sunnqi.niioo puu ono oinSniPlinqdn ujojj soiuod qioq oq iqSjaifojisap pnoA aq suonipuoD oio.tjt.iodso.id jo inado.i pino.v aq sAs.niuiojj uonoajo.id uqup aco uuta o4vjqnjj. ;oe.i;sqvSame View as Our Own.Housewife Why did you leave yourlast place? Wasn't your work congenial? .Hobo Lady, "no work is congenial.Coal Bad Cargo for Ships.Coal is a bad cargo for ships, forsoft coal heats if stacked deep, andfrequently is fired by spontaneouscombustion.. In the open you canstack coal 20 feet deep without fearof its firing, but under cover not morethan 15 or 1C .feet.The proof of this statement isshown by the fact that fires in cargoesof 500-1,000 tons of coal are only 1 percent, while in cargoes over 2,000 theyare actually nine times as numerous.When large cargoes are stored 'forlong voyages, it. is usual to bed ironpipes deep in the holds so as to be ableto notice any dangerous rise of temperature.THESE GIRLS"Reggy did you pick out this present for me yourself 7""No, I got Vera Jones to help meselect it.""Ah, that explains matters. Thatgirl hates me." .-. ..The Law of Compensation.My son, beware the cares that lurkIn- a dishonest flurry.A grafter doesn't do much workBut how he has to worry! .Ruinous. -MadgeGossip doesn't pay.Marjorle I'm beginning to agreewith you, my dear. The last secret Iheard cost me more than $2 for extratelephone tolls.Two Sides to a Story.Wright You know there are twosides to every story.' Penman I know it The editorjtaay accept It or he may decline ItThe First Curb Market.The first congress of the UnitedStates, while in session in FederalUnit 7n i -tnuii uu yvu.li street, iew lork, in17SS-S0, authorized and subsequentlyissued bonds (then called stock)amounting to 80 million dollars for thepurpose of discharging debts incurredby the continental congress ,and thevarious colonies. Tliis naturally ledto orders for the purchase and saleof these bonds being sent to NewYork. These orders first came to merchants, attorneys and others, but later,as the transactions increased, somemen began to 'give special attention tothis business, becoming the first -brokersin America.""'""' mn him"Diamond Dyes"No Risk Then!Don't Spoil or Streak Materialin Dyes that Fade or Run"in 'hmmm3zz2nnznETHEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSVACUUM CLEANERS vWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.We have a few IV1SSTO SVSAGIC SETS and other toys. left over from the holidays.Let Us Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Oaxtonola Plays, Any Record.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COUT HOUSEigyftcrxir;;..:':;;;--i;ij CS?-a J"yi.V Wiflfrrana-noii in i I ill ,iHL.tuwiAJumtrwm mm i iimiEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple thaiany woiman can diamond-dye a .new,lich, fadeless color into worn, shabbygarments, draperies, coverings,wool, silk, linen, cotton or mixedgoods.Buy "Diamond Dyes" no otherkind then perfect results are guaranteed even if you have never dyedbefore. -Druggist has color cards.(adv-P)jit;;iffs:tii:inutiiiitiignginniinif giii'i'iitgnif nttttitiiii';iiintnn iiii;iiiimmiinitiii tintiiimnmiittiimniiiiintiinvWilliam K. Haoaw G- ybNA E.C K 2TECTV (3- E NG I N E E R.r?.ST NATIONAL DANKPAE.iy. Ky:i(.inf:itiSifMiiiif:i:itiiiiiiiii!si!f!i;ii:uiiiiiitiiiiitififiit!tifiit!iiiiiiiiiiitisi-iiitiiiii!iitiiifiittii!iiiiiiiiuitiiitiiiitiiHHfHfftHtfHHHI 1 1 1 lift Iff I It I tfMM MIUSAVETIMANDWHYJLiicky TigerThe Nation's Hair ftand Scalp Remedy IENDORSED BY HOSPITALS ANDTHOSE WHO KNOW.Positively eradicatesmateoua Bcalp3 stQpa fallinff hairpromotes luxuriant growth adds lustre,beauty, health action immediate andcertain. Money-Back Guarantee.Atdrucstsis and barbers, or send 25cfcr generous samols.LUCKY TIGER CO., Kansas City, He.feb25-4t-F)E MONEYBy Installing aHome XeleplioneCourteous treatment and reasonable terms.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedDesirable Canned GoodsSold Regardless of CostVxsIStandardization."What Crimson Gulch ought to do,"-remarked Cactus Joe, "is to send eastand get a good singln' teacher.""You boys surely have enough to interest you without music.""Too much. There's no use of askin'men not to use their voices. Nobodycan make an observation on any subject of general interest without startina "quarrel. What we need is to havesome thin' on' hand that's cut an driedan' set to mMie."In order o get the room to enlargemy tea room, I -will sell out mystock of groceries and canned goodsregardless of costi Come in and geeyonr eroceries at wholesale nriceswhile they last.Here are a few of the many bargains I am offering: "Smrll cans Standard Californiapeaches, in syrup, 20 cents.Small cans California Apricots insyrup. 20 cents.Large cans Standard Californiapeachos, in syrup. 35 cents.Larce cans fancy Californiapeaches, in syrup, 4 0 cents.Large cans fancy California Apricots, in syrup, 40 centsSmall cans grated pineapple, 25cents.No 2 fancy tomatoes. 2 cans fod25 cents.No. 2 fancy tomatoes, 2 cans for25 cents.No. 2 standard pfnrs, 15 ':ents.All canned soups 10 cents.Potatoes, per petk, 45 cents." All other snoods in proportion.Mrc. Eilis Cask Groceryourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors' ITelephone No. 4 - West Fifh Street im JM. 'r-r ii!i ffiflaSaSbKii.T.'r. ,...!Mtllll-AlillUNiOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve- mments in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we are 3prepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit jfcyour patronage. -1XThe Bourbon Laundry' Paris, Kentucky 25 31Bourbon News Advertisers Get Resultsv'jt ejr?-.-'- VTps lA.M Vf?1-$' '..At-X- &- "-.V"fcsTAGMWOKmTHE BOURDON NK9, PARIS, KENTUCKYaJCEMHHIAL OF ST.COLLEGE.MABY'SIt will be interesting to many-friends and former students of St.Mary's College in "Marlon countythat plan? are well under way forthe centennial celebration of thefounding of that college in 1821 by-the Jesuits. Thre arc many prominent Paris men and Kentuckianst have attended St. Mary's, . and no' do-bt there will be a very interesting reunion ip June. Aulmnilists of several thousand named arebeing distributed and programs forthe three-day Centennial Celebration indicates much interest St.Mary's is one of the oldest Catholiccolleges .West of the Alleghanies, iniact, Jesuit Fathers founded Pord--ham University after disposing oftheir interests in St. Mary's.oNINETEEN TWENTY-ONEDry goods at the right nineteen, twenty-one prices will be shown at"The leader." Watch for the opening announcement. (It)MATRIMONIAL.EDITORIAL ELINGS OF THIS,THAT 'EN 'TOTHERDewey C. Barnhill, 22, andMiss Vina Mynear, 21, both residents of Bourbon county, weregranted marriage license yesterdayby Counts Clerk Pearce Paton.'Mairkge licenses were issuedwirinx5fi;iv mnniins: froiv the office 1of Countv Clerk Pearce Paton tothe following: Larkin S. Watson,36, and Miss Edna Bell, both oiPalis; Win. Baines, 37, Covington,and Miss Melissa Nelson, 36, ofParis.The announcement that Burbanklias added a new nut to the worldwill cause no excitement in Paris(Ky.) these days. -It seems to usthat there must be a new variety of"nut" popping up here every day.A SpecialFor This WeekRed Pittedu CHERRIES2 pound cans, packedheavy syrup, 60cvalues for40c1 gallon cans, $2.50K " values, for$2.00Logan HowardPhones 179NELSON BATINESMiss Malissa Nelson, of Paris,and Wm. Barnes, of Covington,were married yesterday at the homeof the bride, on MasMe avenue, inihis city. Rev. Arthur Fox, pastorof the Baptist church, officiated.The bride has for some time beenmvminvp.ri at the Paris Baking Co.They will reside at the home of theroqm, in Covington.POINDEXTER HOUSTONA "marriage license was grantedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Ben Houston, 22, of Paris, and Miss Katherine Poindexter, 21, of Cynthiana.They were married at four o'clockyesterday afternoon at the home ofthe officiating minister, Rev. ArthurFox, pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch.Mi. Houston is a well-knownyoung business man of Paris. Hisbride is a handsome and attractiveyoung Cynihiana woman, thedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Poiadexfer, of Cynthiana. They willmake their home in this city. Mr.Houston and Miss Poindexter werein an autombile accident some weeksago, when the latler sustained injuries tbat confined her to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,foi some time.oThe wiser we get the more wisdomwe find in the golden rule.oThe greatest task before all of usis efficiency, and the greatest taskbefore efficiency is profit.It gives a man a thrill to be heldup by a bandit or a highwayman, Dlrtit makes him angry to be- held upby his landlord. And this is intended for a local application, as someParis, (Ky.) landlords are- notoriously close to the -line in "holdingiip''- tenants.aThe noble art of dancingI Symbolizesgrace,:When true interpretationPuts steps m proper placeBut when a squad of bijmboesAre treading with their beauxThe noble art of dancing-Where is it? Goodness knows i9C3.-i TJoTio mon'c irlpil of heaveni, tc o oqIi n nnp hundred One good, ,i,nt v, TYmirPR. huv at new. usediitJi i:t:iii. wuxi. ut m.., .ninofv npr rent, discount of his owntiPfria dndsrp all taxes and draw ajpension fromt he government. Andit does look pre'tty good Avhen youcome to think of it.'A' distinguished German generalBUggests that General Pershing beseiu to crush the Red armies mRussia and it must at least be admitted lhat the speaker's personalobservations give him good reasonfor his belief that Black Jack coulddo it.ADVERTISING- A NECESSITYStatistics furnished by a financialagency, not in the publishing business, shows that of all the taiiuresiof 1920 eighty-four per cent, ofjthem did not advertise. This ex.hibit is very interesting tnd shouldbe an unerring evidence that business wthout advertising is susceptible to failures and should stimulateall men to go to the newspaper as agreat helper to a growing business.The man who believes that advertising iQ nhsnlntelv necessary to aliwlii.-J - .successful end.. oCan you control your temperWantedMiddle-aged white woman forhousekeeper. First-class place forright party. Apply at THE NEWSoffice. ' (It)FRIDAY, -FEBRUARY 2or 12 "Postion Wanted.An experienced stenographerbest of reference, open for position.Call BOURBON NEWS, or 8'44 East.Tenn. 'Pbt.ne. (adv4nfi4np.Ili.H.i. ! .tMiMi.!.! .i.l .I"!"! .il.l..l'.I''I"I"I"I"I"I"$'TTTTrwhen it ought to be controlled?Ford Sedan For Sale. 1920 model, with" starter. Price$585, for quick sale.JOHN M. STUART,(It) 418 Main street.For Salecorn shdeker, good asvery little. Can bebought at a bargain for cash. Apply toHARMON TURNER,2fOX.Ai Paris 7Cv.f"J "That Kentucky paperopines that baldness causes.or iian worry causesness, may be right, yetmmi.to iiuions: men is thewhichworrybald-for-manG I ifFoundFound, a gold pin, skull and crossbones, blue stone in one eye, andred stone in other. Owner can obtain same by calling at Owsley &Co.'s restaurant, proving propertyand paying advertising charges.(2&-ti)-$50.00 a weekas long as you live!We all have to face the possibility that anytimeour earning power may suddenly be cut off bysome mischance.When that time comes how would you like to besure of an income of $50.00 a week for life ?,etna-ize .-,An iEtna Accident Policy will provide you with an: "income of $50.00 a week as long as you live, if youare permanently disabled by an accident.Or, a sum ranging as high as $30,00p should the-accident prove fatal!AH for $50.0) a year if you are a preferred risk.A. J. FEE, Local Agentwho ha nothing more benuufcthan baldness about which toworry. m mm '-When the clock in a certain SouthMain street home in Paris strucktwelve the other night the head ofthe house came to the door of theparlor, and said, in a rather .loudtone of voice: "Young man, u yuui self-starter-out of order to-night?The young man repnea: xl uu.hmatter as long as there is a crankin the house." and then he started.fTf ihinsrs continue "as they are under prohibition administration, awitlv Paris girls wants to-know-Will a storm be allowed io brewWill the moon allowed to get tun.'Will a J-hip be allowed iu a,.u.over 'a bar? Will a captajnrbe allowed tor put in some port? willcooktails be allowed on larmeio iter? Will it be allowed to namechildren Tom and Jerry? Will a soldier be punished for getting halfshot in battle? Will hops be allowed in balliooms? Will mourners beallowed to pass the bier. at a funeral?Will a pei son be allowed to becomedrunk with success, oi intoxicatedwith jov? Wili doctors be allowedto prescribe for sbam pain?-oDON'T BE A GLOOMY GTJSClerks WantedClerks (men, women) over 17, forPostal Mail Service. ?125 month.Experience unnecessary- l?or freeparticulars of examinations, writeL. Leonaid, (farmer Civil ServiceExaminer) 93b Equitable Building,Washington, D. C. )25-3t)Bourbon NurseriesBeautify Your HomeA home without planting Is like a good picture in abad frame. We are booking orders now for Spring delivery. If you are in doubt about what to plant, call onus.Evergreen and Deciduous Trees and ShrubsOur SpecialtiesArfullline of Fruit Trees and Small Fruits, bestvarieties. , n ,All kinds of Vines, Roses and Hardy Flowers.' By TRADING AT HOME you have the advantage ofselecting your trees at the nurseries.BOURBON NURSERIESME1NERTZ & HARPERProprietorsP. O. Box 325 Cumberland Phona 1071Hft.H II Mi n 111 1 1 1 1 HI 1 1 I MUMHMMI0"H 't 1 1 1' H1 l'H ii'l'i MtM IH"'H"H"M 1 1 1 H IHI H MlFRESH MILKDAILYmmmmmmmmmmmmmmoU R experienceis ample and ourconduct is right. Weare equipped with thelatest scientific aidsand conduct our duties in a highly satisfactory manner.Ijw4Tki, Iff MS'J f jfflsg'JWe think it is up to every business man in Paris and every Parisbusiness man is a good businessman, or ought to be to strike ahopeful keynote in his talk and inhis advertising. We say "this to ourlocal business men, to our farmers;ton. and 1o every man wio sellswhat lie has, even if all be bas ishis daily laborBecause there has been atiio Tii-ino nf this. ' that or theXXL VVi JJ4AN.W w '-j iother commodity, it is the poorest .reason in the world for talking '"hard- times." Pessimism never wonanything. Gloom is a tmng to megrave; it is not for a living manwitb a future before him. The timesmay have been haid for us somemonths past, but as everythingchanges, going from one extreme xothe other, and striking nonmallybetween, we all know deep aown in.our hearts that there are good timeaahead,, and not very far ahead,either, if we put our best foot forward and the best smile to the ,front.The man who recovers first fromtbe" gloom of bis bad business, orjlow wages, or whatever it was that 'm. him. is the man who ia goingto bave tbe most prosperity In thebetter times that are on the way;and they are on the way Just as mreas the sun comes up and out of theEast every morning. He is goingto have the piost prosperity becausehis efforts will stretch over a largerperiod than the fellow who slouchesgloomily until the good times are so j.apparent that they reach out andhit him on the nose. jTherefore, we say to the business .men of Paris, and particul'irlv tq ;the enterprising ones who believe Inadvertising Paris; Put optimism inirmir dnilv talk, vour actions, andin your advertising. To the farmerand other workers whose tongues'are their ads, we would say: Talkgood times, they're coming, andsoonvo -COALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson Seed Mills. I willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. 1 sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burnsupr cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50 JSteam Coal $5.50 ZHeating Stove Coal $5.50Beginning Saturday, Feb. 26We will sell FRESH MILK at this storeand deliver it to our customers atPerOuirW.J. HOWARDv Miner and Shipper of Coalslump East Bernstedt and Paris, KyJt: the i . ' iiHome Phone 163or 8c Per PintYou can't buy better milk anywhere, so let us include some withyour grocery orderOur line of Groceries and Vegetables is always new and fresh and theprices are just a little bit lower thanelsewhere.THE PARRAKEETMINERAL WATER & GROCERY CO.Both Phones 400 - Main Streot1 1 It'll t II' 1 1 1 11 11 I 1' 1 1 1 H 1 II 1 1 II H MHEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.Millard Gray sold through thereal estate finm of Mitchell, loreland & Mitchell, a house and lot inRosedale Addition to Philip Hopkins for a price not given out forpublication. Mr. Hopkins will getpossession about March 1, and willmove to the- property.We all want lighl, and long to seeahead and keep on going, that wemay leave the nnpleasant-behind.Beauty and Strength Meet (1 QT A Aat the Low Price of s pJLOJ.UUJust imagine a complete bedroom Suite at this low price. Consistsof four dandy pieces: a large double bed, big roomy chiffonier,dresser with extra large mirror and dainty little dressing table.Can be had in American Walnut Finish or Mahogany. If you wantlOO cents value, for every dollar you spend, be sure to see thissuite.FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALE.A. F. Wheeler Co.CHAS. GREENE, Mgr.Opp. Court House.4k-13Jt'5 .'-,-i "' . orJ-K'j ."-."vJ.K,-.:irA5":"-l-a l-y- --,-x-.s-v"ERIDAY, FEBR;iARY5, 1921THE BOURBON;- NEWS, VPAJUSt- KENTOCKIPAGE WPFM, 1-S.-Ja1'fM -ygA&wei3i&&rfr0&&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEYOU JUST MUST IIKE ITeerv-ITs Steer Cut Coffee is goodat breakfast time and all otherpneals.It lias the real coffee flavor. Youuist must like it.THE POWER GROCERY CO,(It) Wholesale Distributors.oBIG LAMB CROP.The registered Hatmpshire ewe,Jluth Law, 52,992, belonging to theHinkston Stock Farm, near Millerstourg, has given birth to four largeJambs. The total weight of the fourat birth was twenty-eight pounds.This ewe raised three ram lambs lastyear. .Bourbon county expects approximately 40,000 lambs this season,about 40 per cent, of which have already made their appearance. It ishoped the weather will not be severeenough to endanger them.O-?ARIS ICE CO. MAKING MANY IMPROVEMENTS. Under the direction of John K.Solar, of Covington, who recently, inioruUPfi in the Paris IceManufacturing Co., the plant is being extensively overhauled and newmachinery added.'Alvin 3 licks was given the contract for removing the old boilers,which has already been accomplished The new boilers have arrivedand are now Jbeing placed in position. A large number of new icecans have been received and a largeamount of new equipment orderedis now in transic. The work of improving is progressing steadily, anathe plant will soon be in excellentoperating condition.HEW BARREL OP SOUR KRAUT.We lime-just opened one of ther.icef.t barrels of sour kraut thatever came to Paris.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.STYLISH AND UP-TO-DATEt oriiA-s' Ten dv-to-wear, as stylishsmd up-to-dalo as the bK cit.:. .willfee Trtiown at -The Leader." Vatcnfor the opening annuoncement.A POPULAR BRAND OP PEACHESIN SYRUP AT 25 CENTSWe are offering thTabove bargainof California peaches in halves at 2oeents, and California sliced, Packedin syrup, for 30 cents. Also RedPitted Cherries, No. 2 can for 40tentS' W. N. DEERING & SON.(25-lt)1 ARTHUR B. HANCOCK ONE OPLEADING BREEDERS ,The New York Morning Telegram of February 21, has an extensive review of the Claiborne StockFarm and the Ellerslie Stock Farm,of Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris. TheTelegram terms Mr. Hancock as otthe most successful breeders m:,.,- , -hie stork farms asmodel establishments. The articlegive a comprehensive review of Mr.- Hancock's establishment and a nibtory of the stallions now doing service at the Claiborne and Ellersliestuds, Ambassador. Ji,m Gaffney,mar Khayyam, Rock View andWrack.ATTEND THIS SALE ON PEBRUARY26TH. J R. Bank will sell at publicauction, on February 2G, at the Geo.Vagoner place, commencing at 2 p.., all his livestock, crop and farmImplements, household and kitcheniarniture, automobile, etc. Readthe ad in another column.(22-25)mnTffiEff TREES $1.00 TOSGCIAIT AND PERSONAL.'Joinings -and Goings of Our, People Here, There and. Elsewhere.Graham Young is seriouslyat Ins home near PaTis, with antack of typhoid fever."7 Lr' aiul Mrs- Catesby Woodford, Sr., left Wednesday for a visitm several points in Florida..w. w. AM-iuuttiu, in uie u. a.jvernment -service, was a recent:eriously ill-at-Gobusinessuuaiusan visiiur in runs.James Deering, of Frankfort, isa-gtrest of his father, W. N. Deering. He will probably locate inhas re-Paris.Mrs. John Woodfordturned from a visit to -Mrs. ClellTurney, at the Cherokee Inn. in Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. William Howard,Sr., have returned to their home InRichmond, after a visit to Paris relatives. -Miss Peavie Feeback, of 'Carlisle, is spending the week-end inParis as guest of her sister, Mrs.George Young.L. D. Harris, of the real estatethe class, presented Mrs. Forsythwith a $10 gold piece.-Mrs. Gordon Stevenson, of Winchester, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. Charles Plamilton.Cynthiana Democrat: "Friendswill- be glad to know - that Mrs.AJpheus McMillin, of Broadwell,vKo"was operated on at the MassieMemorial Hospital, Paris, last week,is recovering nicely."The Bourbon County Healthand Welfare League celebratedtheir seventh birthday anniversaryyesterday afternoon, at the residence of Mis. James McClure, Sr.,on -Vine street, at three o'clock.The annual" business and socialmeeting was held and reports of theyear's work were submitted and approved. Prof. Lee Kirkpairick, Superintendent of the Paris City Schools,was one of the judges Mondaynight at the annual declamationcontest held in the NicholasvillcHigh School. First honors wereawarded to -Miss Frances Miller,whose subject was "ToussaintL'Ouverture." Second honors wereawarded to Russell Davis, whosesubject was "The New South.-o$4.00.Fruit trees 60 cents to 75 cents.Beciduous trees, rdy flowers,ahnibs, vines and strawberry plante.rcmn in the Bluegraas gjfmated to this section. Traae a.H0IB-" 3. L. YATES. '"Wildwood," Paris, Ky.(22-tf)j-i. xj. xiuina, ui uie real esnrm ot Harris, Speakes & Harris, isconfined to his home on Walker avenue with grippe.Miss Elizabeth . Myall Daniels,of Montclair, New Jersey, is a guestof her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.William Myall, on Eleventh street.Misses Ruth and Olivia Orr,sisters of Dr. James A. Orr, ofStoner avenue, are visiting theirsister, Mrs. C. M. McGhee, in Newport. Mrs. Anna McDougle has returned to her school duties at Hamilton College, Lexington, after a visitto Mrs. Mcyme - Remington, onHouston avenue.Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting"Nurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, is ableto be out after an illness, of severaldays' duration.Mrs. John Yerkes and son,Billie Yerkes, have returned fromCincinnati, where the latter underwent a successful operation in oneof the hospitals.W. H. Draughton, prominent,tobaceo broker of Warsaw, North.Carolina, is a guest of his daughter, Mrs. Horace Redmon, and Mr.Redmon, on Cypress street.Mrs. Albert Hinton, of Paris,who recently undeiwent an operation at the Norton Infirmary, inLouisville, is improving rapidly, andwill soon be able to return homeRev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of thePaiis Presbyterian church, was inCovington several days this week onbusiness connected with the progressive progiam of the Presbyterian church.Mr. and Mrs. 11. R. Dickersonhave returned from an extendedstay in Cincinnati, where Mr.Dickerson has been under medicaltreatment. Mr. Dickerson is impproving slowly.Mrs. N. H. Bayless, Sr., has resume from Florida, called here bythe illness of her husband, who isnow in his eighty-seventh year. Mr.Bayless continues very ill at hishome on Pleasant street.Sherman "H. Stivers, Paris representative of the Lexington Herald,who has been ill for some time, hasgone to Lexington, to recuperate.During his absence the Herald willbe represented here by I. N. Bush.Miss Louise Connell will bebrought from the Good Samaritan.Hospital, Lexington, to her nome inthis city, in a few days. Miss Connell is convalescing after her recentaccident in which she sustained serious injuries.The funeral and burial ofPauline Ferguson, infant son, of Mr.and Mrs. John Ferguson, who diedat the home of her parents, on, theJackstown pike, near Paris, was heldat the Paris Cemetery, Monday afternoon at two o'clock.Mrs. .W. A. Johnson has return-j tior "homo n 1 .niiisville. after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. J. Si trimsWilson, in tnis city. iurs. juuusuxiand her daughter, Mrs. Clell Turney, are successfully conducting TheCherokee Inn, in Louisville.Owen Gibson has returned froma business trip to uetroit, jmcu.On the return trip Mr. Gibson experienced considerable difficulty in,negotiating the roads, owing to theheavy snowfall, which almost paralyzed traffic at mny places. .Among the Parisians who attended the Oleika Temple ceremonial at Lexington, Tuesday wereMr. and Mrs. Harty O. James, isomer Boardman. M. H. H. Davis, BenParker, C. K. Thomas, .Mr. .andFred Link, Roy F. Clendemn, SwiftChamp, M. Peale Collier, J. b.Solar, -Carl Bratton. The last threenamed were initiated into the mysteries of the snriners, auu .!the hot sands."-jcwtlrir A. WalliS. U. S: UOm-ATTENTION. LEGIONAIRES"Just a few days jmore, and thenthe gong! A few more days andthen the list of cancellations willgo forward to the State heaJquarteis! A few more days, and thenthe names of the members for 1920who have nat renewed wil come offthe mailing list."These are the lines of a bulletincoming from the State headquarteis of the American Legion of Kentucky. It seems that unless your1920 dues are in the hands of theState Treasurer before Februaryvou will no longer be a member ofthe American Legion. If you havenot paid jour dues for 1921 see F.W. Galloway, Post Treasurer, atone, and set yourself right for another yar. The list of renewalsmust leave Paris not later than February 26. Don't delay.. One daylate and you may be left behind.F. W. GALLOWAY,Post Finance Officer.oit-1GetForIPERMIT FOR ICE FACTORYGRANTED.Among other business transactediast night at the' meeting of the .itvCouncil was the granting of a per-mit to .J en ueniou uuu m.vt.iiiino' to hA nspd as an ice iac-toiv The new enterprise is to behouse'L in a two-story brick ku:ldin to beerected on the Erent lot,on Third street between Vine andRailroad streets, ar an approximatecost of $10,000. . 'The work of selling stock in thenew concern is progressing rapidlyand will soon be closed out. Mr.Denton has several$100 shaies yetwoi mn.v be obtained by onyonedesiring to invest ina home-service-enterprise.oSUJTOAY DIKNER AT Y. M. C. A.CAFETERIABeginning next Sunday, February27, Mrs. Carl Crawford will haveactive charge of the Y. M. C. A.Cafeteria, and will be pleased togreet her friends there during thehungry hours. Mrs. Crawford announces a special dinner and sup-per for suncay noon auu u"r.in which even jaded palates can bebe tickled with the realization thatthey have not lost their -taste. Cometo the Y. M. C. A. Cafeteria, Sundayr.nd banifch hunger.FRESH FISH AND OYSTERS FORTO-DAY.Nice freih fish and oysters received to-day and to-morrow.Remember we dress fish free anddeliver promptly.MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKET.. oThe various experiences of a salesman teaches a knowledge of mankind which forces some very positive convictions.ReadyEasterOur Semi-Annual Display of Woolenswill be held onMonday, Tuesday, WednesdayFebruary 28th, March 1st and 2nd. A Representative of theSuperior vat lor mg Co.Cincinnati, Ohiowill be here with a trunk load of beautiful woolens forSpring and Summer Suits, Overcoats and TrousersOrders taken for immediate or future needs and weGUARANTEE TO PLEASE YOU. New low pricesin effect, You are cordially invited to inspect thiscomprehensive display.LEWIS WTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetTrade at Home" Call Our Store "rlonme'966Nl VAViAaUMiPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRAOTAM) ALAMOTo-day, Friday, February 25--Tfrecomedy par exceuwiw, - jrreaeuun. a v"";,' -Jy -pinoSSsoomand Bath;- Joe Ryan m--ioner of Immigration at Blha"The Purple Riders;" Snub Pollard &l8nd near New York. gwnneav. "Park Your Car." . . called to Paris on account of the illwiucuj', "":::. rz wraTVTo-morrow, saiuruay, 1;"26 Eugene O'Brien, in "The Wonderful Chance;" Hank Mann comedy,, "The Lost Detective.Monday, Februaiy 28 Beginningthe Metre Week PrograVioia,Dana, in "Cinderella's Tvina; yntury comedy, "Hot Dog;" I'atheHeview. ,.AtGregg's Orchestra plays ait,r-xcon and evening.SNEAK THIEVES BUSY.Thp sneak thief or thieves, he orshe or they, have been busy m tnerjvast few days plying their nefarious" occupations in this city, veryroc-jntly a gum-vending machine mthe waiting room of the Interurbanstation, at Fifth and High, was tornfrom the wall, and efforts made toopen it. Tin machine containedonly a few pennies. On her way toschool a little.school girl-stopped ina local confectionery to i get m.candy She laid her bundle of booKSon the counter,-and when she naacompleted her purchase, and turneato iret hei books, they Jad f:lj t-. rt-h noera the offenderare suppoeed to children, as tie ar--jtieiea taken -wouia iuuiv-.canea lw xo-" ---. - ,m -nness oT his moinBi-m-, ;Thomas Henry Clay, or., ito' New York, Wednesday Mrs.Walli will remain indefinitely.Mrs Clay was considerably improved Wednesday, but has not. reBa?ned her power of speech sincethe paralytic stroke she sustainedTHe'nIwS is in receipt of aronv of The Nassau Guardian, ofISiew rrovweuw, ":-- c 3 ?Tn tne list "- ycwt'iew' .r,.M ami" arriving at Nassaumorfiing ofthe paper's issue wereMr and Mrs. James Duncan Bell andMr" and Mrs. James Wilcox, namesichhave a ring of .Bourbon counj5errnn Parrish avenue to thehoinK J the Methodist Wxynen'smembers of tne jaetuutBible Class in honor of the yS the class teacher Mrs HelenDesha Forsyth. It was t"TO rreXSmy Mattox. ""aS?and her iier, im; ,dintierSSS'SS SSwS V behalf ofTom Sawyer .WatlrSuiUat thelowered pricesoffer thebest solutionfor .whatlittle boysshould wear. -.$2, q3,$4 and $4.50make themthe mostdesirablewashwearmade.-AT111Bineg l N 1 I tAmw 'nowonIf it comesfrom Davisit i xidtit." JDuring Our Februaryand March Cash SaleEvery rug in our store is included in this sale.1Aa taill iaiA firmlv holiAiA cava iu tABA vmamawMian ww uii mumj wiii iiibw UUIMI5 IIC J ? llUi V1IIJ VHnugsy kiiiuicuinsy hav vui &ciiii9 auu vv an rapci uui ciisvon anything in any kind off furniture.Buy Now at Our February andMarch Cash SaleT H E J. T. HIOT0JV CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINmotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingHr;y.1pJ-V4r"Vv.-tf ,-f AGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 121-A 'WATCHYOUR KIDNEYInhaling the ume3 of turpentinend white lead, otten weakens thekidneys. Thai's one reason why sojniany painters have bad backs andsick Kicnevs. exposure, irequyiiLcolds and chills and the strain ofclimbing up and down ladders helpstart the trouble.It your back aches, if sharp painsstiike you in the back when stooping, lift'ng or working; if you haveheadaches, dizziness, rheumaticpains; the urine is discolored orjpassages painful and scanty, tryDoan's Kidney Pills, the remedy sowidely used and so well recommended by nun in the painting trade.Here's a Paris testimony:Ed. Richardson, painter and decorator, 552 Vine street, says: "Isuffered severely from ,my back and. it put me past going. I am a painter by tiade and handling so muchturpentine and inhaling its fumes iswhat I blame for the cause of thetrouble. Many a night I was annoyed by the frequent action of my kid3ieys and Aould have to get up manylimes to pass secretions and thigreatly disturbed my rest. I had' dizzy spells and felt sick all over until I got Doan's Kidney Pills atOberdorfer's Drug Store. I used several boxes as directed and they fixed me up in good shape."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Richardson had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)o" Symbolism of Animals.In the symbolism of animals, theant typifies frugality and provision;the bear, ill temper and unroufhness;the bull, straightforwardness;, thebull-dog, pertinacity; the butterfly,pportiveness and living in pleasure;the dove, innocence and harnilessness;the fox, cunning, artifice; the goose,conceit and folly ; the grasshopper, oldage; the mule, obstinacy; the owl,wisdom; the peacock, pride; the swan,Brace.. o'. Xi?55K Si MX&fflk ,3r j&sSZ 'Washington, D. C. !was a sufferer of constipation for about eighteen months.I took a good nany things for itbut nothing did me much good.I decided to try Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. If all Dr. Pierce's medicines are as good as his 'PleasantPellets' are for constipation, I thinkthe world should know it." JAMESA. NELSON, 1631 Sixth St, N. E.At afll druggists, 25c a vial,.SWEAR OFFm TOBACCO"No-To-Bac" has helped thousandsto break the costly, nerve-shalteringtobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a cigarette, cigar, pipe,or for a chew, just place a harmlessNo-To-Bac tablet in your mouth instead, to help relieve that awful desire. Shortly the habit may be completely broken, and you are betteroff mentally, physically, financially.It's so easy, so simple. 3et a box ofNo-To-Bac and if ;t doesn't releaseyou from all craving for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refundyour money without question.oBieCK DcgS Most Edible.Among the Chinese a particularspecies of dog is reared for the table.The flesh of blacl; dogs is preferred tothat of animal of another color, onaccount of nununent it is supposed topossess.Find Gold in Trees.There is gold in trees. Tests havebeen made by taking the wood ofcertain trees, burning to ashes andassaying the allies. It " has beenfound tint ibe ashes of almost alltrees showed traces of gold. Theharder the uoort, the more gold therewas. Ashes of the black iron woodcontained from four to ten shillings'worth of old per ton. The metaltends to collect in the trunk near theroots, and the quantity naturally depends upon the auriferous nature ofthe soil in which the trees grow.Toronto Telegram, vMJr ? cf7 vSPv4mw(The Catch.A man remarked that he came frqma very large family."How many of you are there?" hewas asked. '"Well," there were ten of us boys,"he aid, !!and each of us had a sister." "Good gracious!" exclaimed theother. "Then there were Jwenty ofyou?""No," said the boastful man,"eleven."Old Myth About Bells.-There Is a poetic myth that silvergives a sweet tone to bells. Accordingto the bell founders, a silver bell wouldgive about the same tone as one ofwood. The origin of the myth, theysay, Is quaintly mischievous. For thewant of transportation, It was the custom In more ancient times for bellcastors to work in churchyards, wherethey erected temporary foundries. Theparishioners would crowd about, andto'' them the founders would beg formore and more silver to give the bellsa sweeter ring. The silver later foundits way into tavern tills, not into thebells.oWOMEN DO WONDERS WITHDIAMOND DYES.His Honor's Guess.Tn Ireland, some years ago an Irish-American was brought up before Justice Barry on the charge of suspiciousconduct. The officer who arrestedhim stated, among other things, thathe was wearing a "Republican hat.'""Does your honor know what thatis?" asked the counsel."It may be," responded the judge,"that it's a hat without a crown."A Real Gray Hair RestorerDISCOVERED AT LAST!MILDREDINAHAIR REMEDYbrings your ray liairs back to theirnatural color and makes the hairclean, fluffy, abundant and beautiful. Delicately perfumed, clean to use,without oil or stickiness, will not"rub off or stain the scalp. Once thehair has returned to its originalcolor it is easily kept so, and can bewashed without affecting the color.Augustus F. 3Ioyer. 22 Godfreystreet, Taunton, Mass. "Enclosedfind 50c for bottle of MildredinaHair Remedy. The trial satisfiedme of its results."Mis. Amelia Eddy, 57 Phelp.sstreet, Hartford, Conn. "I haveused your hair "remedy and think itis -wonderful. I now have a beautiful head of hair 60 inches long fromusing Miidreama. will giaaiy recommend it to all my friends."J. Manson, Jr., Lincoln, Calif."I have tried a great . number ofhair tonics, but find Mildredina thebest I have ever used."Accept no substitutes. They areall inferior articles. Sample by anail25c. Mildred Louise Co., Boston,Mass. Out-of-town customers supplied by parcel post.For sale by G-. S Varden & Son.(adv)That Would Be Enough, vA gentleman took his little daughter to a toy shop to buy her a doll."Now, what sort of a doll would youlike, my dear?" said he, as a large assortment was placed on the counterby the shopman. After some hesitation the little girl replied: -"I think I'd like to have twins,please."Lift Off with Fingersnpow1 ' KEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains simple directions to dyeold, faded, shabby materials whether wool, silk, linen, cotton or mixed goods, and new, rich fadelesscolor. Buy no other dye. (adv)oOne Short.Children's minds have childish worries. A little girl, on hearing that ababy sister had just arrived, makingsis children In the family, complained :"Oh, dear, now one package of gumwon't go 'round." Boston. Transcript.tinuiniiiiinimmmI S. P. MOHNEYChiropractor1 FIFTH YEAR IN PARISI.4i.i,M'4''H"I"l',M"I"I"I',,lll,"'l"l"'iuxMost Likely."Well, at any 'rate," remarked thefiat dweller, "I don't have to pay anygarage bills.""How much i your rent?""Three little rooms and a trickkitchen cost me $100 a month.""Dont flatter yourself. Some ofthat money helps to pay your landlord's garage bills."Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little"Freezone" on an aching corn, instantly that corn stops hurting, thenshortly you lift it right off with thefingers. Tiuly! Your druggist sellsa tiny bottle of "Freezone" for afew cents, sufficient to remove everyhard corn, soft corn, or corn between the toes, and the callusej,without soreness or irritationEgSSsaifefi3lS5-fi&S(adv)ir 7771 JT7?V iSTT7773 A. 1y h . Il,lVI2fiViJJl'J tU dLgij your grocer for Cal:i mr 1 Bailing Ponder and be1 1 sure that you get lbthe In1 1 dianhead on thcbrangelabel.lg TheLfjbrgzt about bakey day fdiures. For yon willi never have any. Calumet1 1 always produces the sweet-c I est and most palatable coda.M 'And xgia) 'c-member, you1 1 always use loos than of mostg other brands because it pos-g rj senses greaic-r icavjuiiig surer.siaygjrVRrf .,Kr.4B' tVi iX 1.1 r zB3 i&jisj l.n js.9 ,y t VJ,r&hs: tr 'r-izriiEg. P cct Br TEit ViTi W.k-o -gvhf - tvd 2?i Vs ra h A $m E2&i $?m. Hi-'-. . .&S"- --t? .' 3VUSB8.0S9!2w3CiBHE9CIKoCZ3 iff ft Oft I5 I 19& FvU KMT0LVAP8 OREAMBest for Coughs. Colds, Grip, Influenza, Croup, Sore Throat, Tonsilitis, Bronchitis, Pains, Sprains,Strains, Rheumatism, Lumbago,Sore Muscles, Chilblains, Stiff Neck,Headache, Neuralgia, Pleurisy andall congestion, often preventingPneumonia. 35c and 60c jars; Hospital size $1.25. Mail orders filledtoyHOME RELIEF LABORATORIES,: Boston, Mass.(adv)cOne Explanation.Jud Tunkins says the reason somany of s nrp afraid of work Isthat we are too bashful to get ac-'qraainted.BRIGHTER.EVSNINOSJust HistoryIn Doubt."Is this letter intended to conveygratitude or what?""What does he say?"'.'Thanks me for passes to the racetrack and says he lost .$40."To Write Well.For a man to write -well there arerequired liree necessaries: to read the jbest authors, observethe best speak-1 ers, "aiid much exercise of his ownstyle. In style, to consider what oughti to be written, and after what mannerhe must first think and excogitate hismatter, then choose his words and ex-amine the weight of either, then take icare in placing and ranking both matter and words that the composition be icomely; and to do this with diligenceand often. Ben Jonson.H There is no waste. If ail rccipscalbforonoes- two jjSuggestion Ignored."The .information that D'Annunziowas going into a monastery doesn'tappear to be verified.""That wasn't information," rejoinedMiss Cayenne. "That was a hope:"gg cups oi flour holi a cup ci gjjig mine ii2ts ell ycu uco. gqi You Ksusy have to re-bake. n,1i4in-.,-"-l-STOMACH 0. K.?I5 OilLcliiils yJLliy OLLii liiiC MS. Rb clients as Have Dcen oniitiaiiyt (I . 2 7... TT O 1 rt i.'-JI.;hu is the product of the Izrzcsi, most djjE e rnodem and Suj.tcrv ral3i x'ovr- KC-lumctColumbiaMuffin-Rccips4 cups GiftedSn coccus CalusietIf ."li-ra ?nTTfA:fi it-" ii iwv-fl taciespoon sa-k G2T, I teispocc:li H - . -ri ri - iivr tM im,.., 9UK Uv-j a-cwwuw m wjaiw-c. 1? -5 o-7 O n On Glttten. gr-2 nour a goeci part ot a cups of svectng its food value t'je cicr.ent that 1 ai- Thenmir:fig :n the regularbg ror:sh3tr.eh.v.y. lobesurepJ fig avI nil!1 L "4ii (r 2 Cr 15 f v.'. . ImPrimitive PiPs. 'The earliest kind of pin1?, or ofspikes serving the sanuj purpose aspins, were probably thorns or thesmall bones of fish and other animals.Among the remains found on the sitesof prehistoric lake-dwellings of .Europe there are a number of bone pins,some of rude and others of an elegantform. The great majority of the pinsin these "finds" are, however, oibronze; but a few of copper and oneof iron have also been discovered.ici4i -r$8S-tlUIn '76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy "Candle aflame.Most Boastful of Mortals.Some of the proudest men we haveever known were those who took acold bath every morning. Next to theman who can, in five minutes, shavehimself belter than a barber can doit, the one who takes a cold bathevery morning is the peacock of thehuman race. Philadelphia PublicLedger.1 lllaJtl 1 IjLiUOkms lilfc fillVVIn 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her chestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does BassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the rirl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just prestes a buttonAmd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric CoFirst Step in Treatment Is a BriskPurgative "With. Galotabs, thePurie& and Hefiied CalomelTablets that are ITarasea-less, Bfe and Sure.Doctors Iiavo found bv experiencethat no EKdicI-e xr cois I iniluenxa can Le clcr 1c I -.i n ri vl -fcelivess until 1'0 Il-;r " ia;u3 Vinvoughly active. That is Ahy tlie fuststep in the tre&ti-e-t is ilia jicw, nauscalcss calomel tablets called Calotabs,which are free from the sickening andweakening effects of the old style caloLiel. Doctors also point out the factthat an active liver may go a.long waytowards preventing influenza and is oneof the most important factors in enabling the patient to successfully -withstandan. attack and Tvard off pneumonia. One Calotab on the tongue at bedlino "with, a swallow of water that'sJl. No salts, no nausea nor the slightst interference with your eating, pleasre qr work. Nest morning your coldas vanished, your liver- is active, yourstem is purified, and you are feelingne, with a hearty appetite for break.st. Druggistssell Calotabs only inriginal sealed packages, price thirty'vo cents. Your money "will be chcerully refunded if you do ot find themdelightful. (Adv.)fTTMiij'iiiiiiiii iptfiTWILLING TO DIVIDE THE SPOILSTeacher: Who drew that pictureof me on the blackboard?Bobbie: Please, teacher I did.Tommie bet me a penny you wouldn'trecognize It, an I'll go 50-50 if youwon't wallop me.Picture and Frame.The optimist doth try to winContentment for mankind,By making life a picture inA gilded frame of mind.Inviting Comparisons."How did the book reviewers handleyour latest publication?""As usual," replied the patient author. "They showed how much betterthey could have done the work if theyhad happened to think of undertakingit." .With Malice Prepense.VGook left, eh?""Yes, she was too good. During themonth she was with us my wifegained 20 pounds.""Where is she now?". "My wife managed to work her offon a woman she detests."The Drawback."There is only one reason I knowof why a woman doesn't have a sayin everything going.""What is that?""If she's dumb."I Indigestion, Acidity, Sournessi and Gases ended with frPape's Ditfpepsin1,MI..'"W O.'-Millions of people know that it isneedless to be bothered with indigestion, dyspepsia or a disorderedstomach. A few tablets of Pape'sDi&pepsin neutralize acidity andgive relief at once.When your meals don't fit andyou feel uncomfortable, when youbelch gases, acids or raise sour, undigested food. When you fellumps ci indigestion pain, heartburnor headache, from acidity, just eat atablet of Pape's Diapepsin and thestomach distress is gone.The cost is so little. The benefitsso great. You, too, will be a Diapepsin enthusiast afterwards.!jKte (adv)'Cigar Nomenclature.The nomenclature of the cigar tradtis one of the veiy interesting phasesof democracy. No gentleman intentupon building up a market for a 10cent cigar ever named it for a statesman. He complimented Instead anactor, a philanthropist, 'a race horse,a hypothetical Indian maiden or a supposititious Spanish grandee. To havenamed a 10-cent cigar for a statesmanwould have been to "queer" both thecigar and Its involuntary patron. Thepeople would not have stood for thatsort of 'thing. It would have presumed a certain superiority which theywould have rebuked both at the cigarstand and at the, polls. PhiladelphiaPublic Ledger's'' "On Second Thought."ijI j . ' "'" - ----tt M 1f mi aI 19 fti5 m " Z r IfOvASPIRINName "Bayer" -on GenuineAppearances Deceiving."What's the fare, driver?""Five dollars, sir." .,rNTo, it isn't. Here are $2. I amnot such a fool as I look.""No, sir. I wish you were, sir."Typical.Mr. Henpeck I'm a submarine.Mr. Jolliboy What do'you mean?""Why, in the sea of matrimony I'm"usually kept well under.How Some Americans Feel."So you want to go abvoad?""Yes," said the disgruntled citizen."Any particular destination inmind?""Nope. What's the nearest place?".Something to Be Thankful For."Pa, somebody has stolen our auto !""Well, let's be thankful there wasn'tmore than a gallon of gasoline in it,anyhow.MTake Aspirin only as told in each"package of genuine Bayer Tabletsof Aspirin. Then you will be following the directions and dosageworked ou1 by physicians during 21years, and proved safe by millions..Take no chances with substitutes.IK you see the Bayer Cross on tab'lets, you can take them without fearI'for Colds, Headaches, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Ear-; cue, Toothache.Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletaeo?t few cents. Diuggists also selllarger packages. . Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicade.N U adT -For the Family TableMIOLO is churned fresh every day by us in Cincinnati under striet government supervision. And it's retailed by the following dealers at a very reasonable priceindeed. We churn MIOLO for the family table. Justtry it once. Your sense of taste and ecDnomy will provethat it's the peer of creamery butter, which you'll payalmost double the price for.If you are churning your own butter sell all yourcream and eat MIOLO. You'll get double the price forit. Just think what you'll save. .-Chas P, Cook & Co.Dan JordanHENA WELL-FEDmeans a well-filled egg basket. Use my special ScratchFeed and Egg Mash and notecarefully the result. The- Scratch Feed keeps the hensbusy working after the grainThe egg Mash provides theibodies with food necessary.to a lar?e egg yield.L. D. MITCHELL, ManufacturerHutchcraf t EUvator, PtMsant StrtctCumberland Phant 1I2S(lnnr9rtitrt--FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1921THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KfcNTUfCTFAGK SZTOtProminent WesternMan Praises TanlacElNRYFORDtaTHE RESCUEAgain WcFind Henry Ford Looking Out For the Farmer;t ' r0-Starving China's Cry u(This picture is copyrighted by Uudeiwood &. Underwood) I. ' v -'- x.cvsamr v.m '. --..i .--ji j r r riiiT jffnriTiflni-i ti-i . . ;. nr?MlE i;- "1 .AigBHeSiKf 'titers Lj.n'iuimn'i Z4VvFordson Tractors Reduced$165.009MakingitCostYou$660.00To Help You Alone,Farmer !G. W. Logan, Peabody, Kansas -i"TanJac lias completely restored ing seemed to ag-ee with me. Atmy health and I feel finer lhan in times I would have dizzy spells andyears," was the straightforward at other time& my back would achestatment (made recently by Mr. so bad that I could hardly get upGeorge W. Logan, of Peabody, Kan- and down in my chair. This is justsas, one of the most prominent the condition I was in when I start-stock-dealersin the Middle West. ! ed to take this medicine. It touk'It has not only made a new man just six bottle to make a well manof me but I have actually gained -of pie. I now have a fine appetite,thirty-five pounds in weight and everything tastes good and my digesfeel os well as I ever did in my life, tion is perfect.I am telling all of iy friends about j My wife was also troubled withTanlac, but they can see for them-1 in(ligestion at times and it relievedselves what it has done in my case ller the game You may pub,"When I began taking Tanlac I ligh statement wherever you likewas in an awfully run-down condi- and .f anyone doubts it jwst lelltion. I was away off in weight, them t0 goe mefelt weak ami nervous all of thetime and couldn't take any interest I Tanlac is sold in Paris at the Peoin my woik or anything else. My '-pie's Pharmacy. (adv)main trouble was indigestion. Noth-"CHINA'S MADONNA OF MISERYDrawn and lithographed T7 Eenry Raleigh as a poster oontrlbntloajuppar left "Famine," depicted inChina's Cry: "Please Kelp!"M)Igloo Has Advantage.An igloo is perhaps the best example of a house that conforms to thesurroundings to be found the wideworld over. They say the igloo Israther cramped for room, but on theother hand the high cost of living can"have little effect on the price of "buildfng materials" within the arctic circle.And to the explorer the glimpse of anIce hut through a gathering stormmust seem more Inspiring than a hundred boulevards to a city dweller.His Sentence."A teacher wrote a list of spellingwords on the board, asking the pupilsto put them Into sentences to Illus- j.trate their meaning. One word was'goblet,' and a boy wrote this sentence: If I had a piece of cake, Iwould goblet' ""Passing tha Buck."Nothing develops any. human beingquite so much ns meeting every singleobligation, real or implied,, that heever assumes. The presrent-dny habit,known in slang as "passing the buck,"Is keeping thousands of men from success., "Whatever you may have agreedto do, even if it seems unwise or unreasonable afterward, is the thing thatmust be done at all costs. To acceptthe full measure of today's duties andresponsibilities automatically fits youfor greater duties and responsibilitiestomorrow. William Whitman inAmerican Magazine.o 1ORE than 40,000,000 personsin the live famine strickenprovinces of north centralChina face starvation and of this number 15,000,000 now are subsisting ondry leaves, dry grass and bark fromtrees.Drouth killed the crops a year and ahalf ago. There is no surplus in China's bi-seasonal crops ; her great population requires this double bountyof nature to live.The drouth continued the summercrop never materialized. With the"greatest fortitude the people thenSEEa Chinese idoogram; upper ritfhtplanted for the fall crop. The drouthcontinued anil their last hope vanished. Then America awoke to the fact, that45,000,000 persons were without ade-jquate clothing or fuel and 15,000,000,besides lacking these necessities otlife; have not a mouthful of food.Dr. E. Y. Mullins, president of theSouthern Baptist Theological Seminary, is chairman of the China FamineFund which is collecting funds in Kentucky to send immediately to the famine zone in China. Joseph Burge, 9Board of Trade Building, Louisville, istreasurer.RUGGLESTHE TEACHER'S CALLING.Teachers worthy of places in theschools in which American childrenare prepared for life, lor making aliving, for the duties and responsibilities of democratic citizenship and foreternal destiny, can never be fullypaid in money, writes Dr. P. P. Claxton in an exchange. Men and womenworthy of this highest of all callingswill not think first of the pay in money or in any other form. For teachers, as for other workers, Buskinholds : "If they think first of pay andYOUR SHARE IW FIRE LOSSESIn the United States the loss by lire'each year iu about $300,000,060 ?3for every man, woman and child inthe republic. In Europe it is abouto'2 cents. Those best qualified tospeak say America's huge bill Is 'dueto rank carelessness, remarks Philadelphia Ledger, and it could be reduced if carelessness was made ascostly here as it is abroad. In Europe, if investigation shows the personIn whose house or establishment thelire started did not take reasonableonly second of work, they are servants I precautions, he not only is held liaIhuM Ji i ftPeople Notice It. Drive TheirOff with Dr. Edwards'Olive TabletsSli 1WN &I Aof him who is the lord of pay, the mostunerecfc friend that fell. If they thinkfirst of the work and its results, andonly second of their pay, however important that may be, then they areservants of Him who is the Lord ofall work. Then they belong to thegreat guild of workers and buildersand saviors of the world together withHim, for whom to do the will of nimthat sent Him and finish His work isboth meat and drink."ble for such loss as he sustained, butfor the losses sustained by his neighbors and, if his carelessness has beenflagrant, he is likely to be fined heavily or sent" to jail. Making carelessness costly would reduce the fire billof America materially and also reduceInsurance rates.Size Up Your Condition Look AtTlie Pacts SquarelyA pimply face will not embarrass youmuch longer if you get a package ofDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skinshould begin to clear after you havetaken the tablets a few nights.Cleanse the blood, bowels and liverwith Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, thesuccessful substitute for calomel; there'sc.o sickness or pain after taking them.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do thatwhich calomel does, and just as effectively, but their action is gentle andcafe "instead of severe and irritating.No one who takes Olive Tablets isever cursed with a "dark brown taste,'a bad Dreath, a dull, listless, "no good"feeling, constipation, torpid liver, baddisposition or pimply face.Oiive Tablets are a purely vegetablecompound mixed with olive oil; you willknow them by their olive color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with liver and bowelcomplaints, and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective result. Take one ortwo nightly for a week. See how muchbetter you feel and look. 15c and 30c.DnWadddl'sPile RemedyIT PAYS TO HAVE GOOD HEALTHMost Illnesses Are Prevented By aGood Supply of Rich, Red BloodTake Pepto-Mangan, theRed Blood BuilderEilher you are in good health oryou are- not. There's no half way.You may think nothing of being" alittle run down. It may not worryyou if you look pale. You mayor next day. But vill you?Ceitain it is when you do not feeljust right, you are not right. Thereis probably something the matterwith your ""blood. And whileyou can get around and do yourwork you are leaving yourself opento any of the diseases that are al-Vays' waiting to take possession ofrun down people.When you are pale and easilytired, when you cannot enjoy yourj meals, when you lose enthusiasm,yuui uiuuu iiceus 3,1 milium.'. Take Pepto-Mangan for" awhile.It is a great tonic. It will build up"rkH rtrifc.4-o Tl nr tr ilinAnpA n v rl itaiiI juui icaisinuic vu uiocaoc, aim jkjhI will soon feel stronger. The littlered corpuscles are fighters. Theybattle with disease genius and winPerhaps there is nothing so verystrange in the enthusiasm that is nowapparent in Argentina for everythingassociated, with aviation, says Christian Science Monitor. The Andes, onArgentina's western boundary, arerather high mountains, the crossing ofwhich has always constituted a problem for the inhabitants upon eitherside. Aviation simply offers a newmethod; which the South Americanshavo been quick to exploit. It is alsoto be remembered that Argentina isa country of both magnificent distances and magnificent fortunes.What more natural than that the latter should be used, on occasion, toovercome the former, now that airplanes can be had at a price?Boys, don't do anything on the slythis way the only don't in the gospel Do as- preached by Old Sawney,great master of a small but -greatschool for boys down in Tennesseeonce upon a time, a school where thechild's mind was trained, his character built and his spirit developed,though doubtless the meagerness of itsformal curriculum would be scoffed atby most of our modernists in education. Old Saw pry's idea of educatinga boy was to make a man of him, andthat idea he carried out every timehe had worth-while material to workon, says Ohio State Journal. His do'swere few and elementary, and his onedon't was enough, even if he mighthave cast ItJ into the form of a do:Boys, always tell the truth.C. S. BALL OARAGECor- Fourth and Pleasant St: .Farmers-List YourRepair Needs NowNow is the time to overhaul your farm-operatingequipment. Get out the machinery have itcleaned, oiled, inspected and put in good runningorder.h Make a list of all repair parts needed, and orderthem now. As far as possible, we try to anticipateyour needs, and to carry a full line of repairs at alltimes. The only way for you to be sure that yourmachines will be ready when you need them is toorder your repairs now. This will enable us to replenish our stock, if necessary.: Please let us have your" list of repairs before orduring g, ,National Repair WeekFebruary 28th to March 5thN?r- Make National Repair Week mean somethingto"you, Set aside a few days while there is timeto get your machinery in working order. Havethe satisfaction of the week, that every machine orimplement on your farm is ready for use when youneed it.And Be Sure You BuyGenuine J JJ fj Repairsfor International Machinesl" f. r w t. 1 a.Jvon t cutter Lion tpevracratci .QUt when there are enough 0f them.a tmtil you bTe tried Dr. WddeU K our 3yst0m well supplied.ruKemedy. Aboluteiy narrow, war- ,Then you will kecp well-and youweed to re aosoiute nonwGuar-lon ortooney refunded. $1.50 pr bottle et yowrUBCgiat if sot write us.Bubbles light as air are notoriousfor the weighty possibilities that maydevelop from them. To the lay mind,however, it is astonishing that the destruction of the land by Inroads of thesea can be combated more cheaply andeffectually by compressed air releasedfrom tubes sunk in the sea' floor, thanby the old-fashioned method of solidmasonry. The ascending bubblesbreak the force of the waves, as hasbeenconclusively shown by recent experiments.The fundamental idea of our American civilization ia this : Any man wholias the stuff in him can, by his ownenergy, thrift, industry and couragerise to any heights he may choose,writes Dr. C. A. Eaton in Leslie's.His only limit is his own weakness.He, himself, is in a class by himself.There is no other class here. This isthe greatest experiment ever made by'man. It is a new ideal, fit to be developed only in a new world. It is theAmerican idea.$ Repair Service is Part of Our Business.Can Help Us to Improve It.iUC. S. Ball Garagefourth and Pleasant StreetsbAn Italian who fled home after km-... .. ... i t- - -,- ?n Mow York, four yearsThe man who connects witn tne iaea j "b fo"1 '" - .ago, has just oeen coumucu m -owncountry, of murder and feloniousassault "with extenuatingwill enjoy life.' But be certain you get the genuI ine Pepto-Mangan. Ask for it by thef full name "Gude's Pepto-Mangan."jSome people take it in tablet form.It is so convenient, rne nqum anathe tablets have the same medicinalvalue. Look for the name "Glide's"'on the package. ' (adv)o- .It Tvas once illegal to kiss yourwife on Sunday. They are trying tomake it illegal to smoke a cigar atany time.- - ,that the time is at hand to put moreelbow grease, enthusiasm and fidelityinto his work is the man who will win.There are a good many people whowould be wise to turn the "face of theclock to the wall and pay attention . tobusiness.Several thousand fools are going to'iivide a half a million dollars betweentwo ruffians just to see them pummeleach other for a few minutes, saysHouston Post. And the tw'o rough-necks will be the most respeqtablei part of the show. v . Jcircumstances." The Italian idea of crimeand justice seem to .be a trifle mixedto say nothing df emotional sympathy with the criminal.A New Jersey woman suing her husfcnnd declares he bought clocks tothrow them at her. This is certainly. new version of- passing the happyhours away, says Baltimore American.Possibly the husband wished togivea-striking proof of his feelings.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monuments"than all other dealers in Central Kentucky. -No agents;No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.CumberlandJhone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYPatronize Bourbon News Advertisers.t:.- l$"yfX V' e.ij- -' rSswf.,H " )k s-- -x.-V.rePAGE SIGHTHE BOURBON -NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY; FEBRUARY , lflf JB3yi-tMILLERSBURGDEATHS." . Mrs. S. E. Bruce has 'returnedafter a wet-ks visit to her daughter,Hits. R. C. Pope, at Ashland.Mr. E. M. Thompson attendeda. banquet given by the old studentsof. the K. W. C. at Lexington, Tuesday night.Mrs. V. S. Judy, of Lexington,was at the bedside Monday, of heraunt, Mrs. Minnie Rule, who con' ttnues quite ill.Miss Hattie Wood entertainedTuesday afternoon the Seniors andJuniors of the M. C. A delightfullunch was served.-Tie Twentieth Century Clubwill hold a joint meeting with theWoman's Club at Paris, Saturdayafternoon in their club rooms.Mesdames A. S. Best, W. M.Miller and others heaid the famousEnglish leader at State University,.Lexington, Thursday afternoon.T&e young ladies of the M. C.gave a colonial reception Mondayevening. Thpy were all attii-ed inColonial costumes. A number ofinvited guests v. ere present. A banquet was given the boarding pupilsby the psients of the day pupils,which was elaborate, consisting ofall the good things of the market.Mrs. A. S. Best, of Millersburg,received a message stating that heruncle. Resin Boulden, is seriously illat thehome of his daughter, Mrs.L. M. Weft, in Pueblo, Colorado.His daughter, Mrs. H. Crouch, ofnear Millersburg, is at his bedside.Mr. Boulden is well-known in Pansand Millersburg, where he spentmost of his life. -He was for .several.. terms postmaster at Millersburg.The Hamilton College basketball team from Lexington will playthe Millersburg Co lege team onthe local floor at 3:30 to-morrow(Saturday) afternoon. Only - women and girls will be admitted, according to the custom of the Hamilton College team. The M. C. teamas played seven games this season,and been defeated but once, whenthey played off a tie wilh the Lexington High School team.THE SICK Mesdames FannieNorton, Anna Dainell and ClaraShanks continue about the same.Mr&. -Elizabeth Day continues aboutthe same. Mrs. Minnfe Rule continues quite ill. Miss Alice Courtneycontinues to improve nicely. Mrs.T". W. Current is among the sick.Dr. H. M. Boxley and Master JohnReynolds tre quite ill. Mrs. Wm.Parker has returned from MassieMemorial -Hospital; Paris, where sbeunderwent a slight operation of theno.v3 a few days ago, and is impiov.ing nicely. 0REPORT OF SWEENEY SALEA large ciowd, despite the coldand- inclement weather, attendedthe sale of livestock, crop and farming implements held by M. C.Sweeney, on the premises, on the"GHrgetown pike, Wednesday. Thesale was conducted by AuctioneerGeorge D. Speakes. of Harris,Speakes & Harris. Cows sold from$55 to $110, horses, youn Percheron stock, from $25 to $125;hay, $17.25 a ton. Farming implements brolight good prices.- . o-The securable success is throughthe building of one good useful deed"upon another.Income TaxReturnsofIndividuals andPartnershipsI can prepare a limitednumber. Office at theBourbon News, 320Main Street.J. R. HOWECandy Special!- LIGGETT'SFINE CHOCOLATES----- at65c the Poundin bulk, for a limited time toadvertise this. "The Chocolates'With the Wonderful Centers."TAKE A POUND HOME. TODAYSpecial Sale OnWriting PaperBox and pound paper Onethird off the entire-line for a fewdays. Crane's goods. Tintsand white.n-pVARDEN & SONPrescription DruggistsTHCRCXALL STOREfc. Paris, Ky.4The infant daughter of -Mr. andMis. George Clift, who died at thehome of its jparents, on Massie avenue, was interred in the family lotin the Paris Cemetery, Mondayafternoon, at 2:30 o'clock.SPIRES.Mrs. I. W. Spires, aged sixtyfive, died in Danvill; following v aloug illnesp from a complication ofdiseases. Her daughter, Mrs. A. W.Bourne, of Paiis, accompanied byher husband, was called to hei bedside during her last hours. Thefuneral and burial took place atKolling Fork, in Boyle county.CONKWRIGHTThe funeral of Mrs. NancyConkwright, aged ninety-one, whodied at her home near North Middletown, was held Monday afternoon,at three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in the NorthMiddletown Cemetery, by Rev. F. M.Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown church. Mrs. Conkwright issurvived by two sons, James Conkwright, of Bourbon county, -andDavid Conkwright, of Bath county.JOHNSONMrs. Lary Johnson, aged aboutfifty, died recently at the familyhcfine near Ford, in Clark county.She is survived by her second husband, Lary Johnson, two sons, onedaughter, four brothers, her mother,Mrs. Rebecca Parker, of Fayettecounty, and four sisters, one ofwhom, Mrs. Lucy Hisle, resides inBourbon county.The funeral was held at the family home Tuesday afternoon at oneo'clock, conducted by Hev. Hall.The burial followed in the familyburying ground.HUGHES.Harrison Hughes, aged thirty-five, died Tuesday morning at hishome near Black's Cross Roads,this county, after a three-weeks illness of typhoid fever.Mr. Hughes was a native of Nicholas county, but had been a residentof Bourbon county for the past twoyears. He is survived by his widowand one child, his mother, Mrs. Lu-ciiula Hughes, one sister, Mis. Henlietta Moi eland, and five brothers.The body was taken to the homeof his mother, where the funeialwas held Wednesday -morning. Theinterment took place in the Cai lislecemetery.BROWN.Wm. K. Brown, aged thirtyfour, a former resident of Paris,died suddenly Monday night- at hishome in Louisville. He had been hideclining health for several years,due to a physical trouble of" longstanding.Mr. Brown Avas a son of Mr. andMrs.- John J. Brown, who movedfrom Paris to Melbourne, Ky., aboutsc-vn years ago. He was a nephewof Mrs. Louis Mussinon, of Paris.Besides his parents he- is survivedby two brothers, Frnest Brown, ofMelbourne, Ky., and Chas. Brown,of Youngstown, Ohio:The body was brought to thehome of Mrs. Louis Mussinon, onSouth Mrin street, Tuesday evening.The funeral was held Wednesdayafternoon at jvro o'clock, with, services conducted at the grave in thePaiis Cemetery, by Rev. C. H.Greer, pastor of the Methodibtchurch.WHITEJames Daugherty j-eceived a telegram yesteiday from Mr&. CiarkWhite, formeily of Paris, announcing the death in New Brunswick.Niv Jeisey, late Wednesday night,of her husband, Prof. Clark White.The telegram- gave no particulars,save that the body would be takento the home of his parents, inCentralia, Mo., for interment.Prof. White was a resident ofParis for sopie time, having been amember of the Paiis High SchoolJiacdlty as teacher of mathematicsunder the administration of Prof. T.A. Hendiicks, as superintendent ofthe Paris schools. He was a youngman of the highest type- of manhood, and possessed of an amiabledisposition that made him a host offriends here. He married MissClara Belle O'Neill, daughter of Mr.and Mrs Frank O'Neill, residents ofParis, now residing in Philadelphia,Pa. Prof. White was in his thirtyfifth year at the tfoie of his death.He had been Principal for sometime cf the Boys' PreparatorySchool in New Brunswick. The sincere sympathies of his man- iiiendsheie goes out Jo Mrs. White in herbereavement.YOU'LL BE SURPRISEDSee our splendid stock of Furniture and Household Goods at pricesless than half off first cost. Wcoffer the following wonderful J targains for ouick sale: 'NO 1 SNAP.A beautiful 485.00 set of DiningRoom Furniture, "Queen AnneStyle," almort new. at $275.00.NO. 2.A magnificent large Gas Range,white enameled and nickel platedfine foj. boarding house or restaurant a S275.00 beauty and you'llsay so too, at $125.00. This is abig snap- and a rare chance. Better be quick. Always see us before buying and save at least "HalfYour Money."The Busy BeeBargain HouseCorner Stcsnd and Main Streets;"Dt wBuiWing"AyMQ1ANDII mmCOPERA HOUSEll I I2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30TO-DAY, FRIDAY'PARLOR, BEDROOMAND BATH'With Eugene Pallete, RuthStonehouse and Castof All StarsThe story of a husband who wants toto appear more devilish than he is in reality. How he enters into a series of misadventures which drive him nearly to thedanger line is told in scenes and situationsof sure fireaction.- If you want to laugh,this is your chance.Also JOE RYANin ''THE PURPLE RIDERS"And Snub Pollard Comedy,"Park Your Car"Tomorrow, SaturdayEugene O'BrienIN"The WonderfulChance"' By M, H. VAIN LOONALSOHANK MANNIN"THE LOSTDETECTIVE"Monday, Feb. 28thMetro PresentsWinsome and AdorableViola DanaIN"Cinderella's Twin"A romantic fantasy as sweet as thebreath of springtime and all a-tingle withthe swift adventure of youth.Also a Century Comedy"HOT DOG"and Pathe ReviewAdmission: "S'''ti'Sk: I Gregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningSUES FOR DIVORCE.A. B. Thoraason, of Lexington,foimerly of Bourbon county, abrother of W. A. Thomason.ftas filedsuit for absolute divorce ' from hiswife, Mrs. Lillian H. Thompson.The petition alleges that on orabout Christmas Day, 1920, whilelie was convalescing from a long illnes Mrs. Thomason abandonedhim. Mr. Thojmason nskes for divorce from bed and board. Theyweie married, -he states, on November 14, 191S. He is represented bvAttorney Virgil Chapman, of Frank- (an, Talbott & Chapman.PARIS WEN- HONOREDA GOVERNMENT RULING- 1 Don't let your prejudice or biaskeep you from, letting other peoplehave a say about your plans.oTHE NEWS is asked to give publicity to the following special noticesent out under Government authority: "Every peison entering a pictureshow during the time the house isopen for a performance, must havepaid war tax" at the box office tothe amount of ten per cent, of thetotil admission price. A special,, war tax ticket is issued for theuse of all persons not required tcpui phase- general admission tickets.This ruling applies to all excepting"the regular employes of the operating company."o -IN NEW POSITIONThe road is short to anything wefear. Men never fear success.Do you know that anger is neverwithout a reason. But it's alwaysa poor one!How is it that a fellow with lotaof money can be a bad egg, but noone objects until he is broke?The thing3 which hurt shouldteach us a lesson.Every day men are taken by burprise and the nap of the neck andpromoted.9At a meeting of the Catholic Welfare Council of the Lexington distinct of ihe Covington Dioceso, heldin Lexington, Henry J. Santen, r.,of Paris, was elected vice-president,and James Bonfield, formerly ofParis, was selected as executivesecretary. The Council will continue the woik started during theworld-war of establishing club houses and other social facilities for usof Catholic young men.. oTHE .FBIENDSHIP OF BOOKSFenelon once said that if all thecrowns of Eurpce were offered himon condition that he vould no longer read books, he would spurn thecrowns.Fenelon did not speak of booksindiscriminately, but of those wiseand good and great books in whichthere is distilled the "life-blood ofa master spirit, treasured up to alife bejond life." Without siichJbooks "God is silent, justice dormant, natural science at a standstill,philosophy lame, loiters dumb, andnil things- involved in darkness."There is every kind of companyamong books, a-s m society; and achoice of friends and associates is asnecessaiT in the one case as theoilier. Every worthy and imperishable piece of literature reveals thepersonality of some man is, indeed,some man. It is immersed in, colored and charged with, his conceptions of truth, his ideals of life, histraits of character, -his jmoral andspiritual bias. The author's' masteryof facts, his breath of view, his artin selecting words and roundingsentences, the symmetry, promotionand unity of his woik, are all important. But his attitude towardlife is the really essential thing,for we are to admit him to the privacy of our thoughts, and take himinto our bosom as a friend.We should no more choose booksfor their style, piimarily than -weshould choose our companions bythe fashion of their dress. Charac--.ter is everything.Poe is mysterious, weird and depressing. Carlyle is. the soul of-ruggedhonesty, the hater ot all shams.Lamb is the poet of kindly, gentleand delicate humor. Milton is thepoet of steadfast will and deep leligious puipose, resting on God andmoving quietly amid the diead realities of existence. Tennyson is t,luipoet of law, and love, and rationalfaith. Browning is the prophet ofsane and wholesome optimism.Woids worth is a guide into the secrets of rature and the charm oflakes and fields. Tluskin is th-HIvSterpreter of the scul of art and ofsocial phenomena.Nothing is more obvious, when wereflect on U, -than that books havecharacter, moral and spiritual qualities, and are alive and active, seizin upon the imagination andmoulding us in their own image.The moral tone in literature iistinguishes the writers of books asMearJy as a man's features distinguish him "from others. One, likeOmar, looks out upon life as sordid,trivial and - evanescent. Another,like Dante, regards it as noble,parnest and divine. Sqme men, likeDostoisUy, give us a" sense of evil,hopelessness and of catastrpihe.Others, such as Addison and Goldsmith, make us feel, when we havespent anTiour with them, thatrvvehave hreathed the ,air of mountainsand been bathed in.the sun.aii,&m 'tn fcewniiii-wfed: and somfc.iviutrio v ,. -"- "-I-:-. . v.f .J few to-be, chewed 'and aigesteavBen C. Ingels," formerly of Paris,has purchased the business of theMaiks-Wes-t Electiical Co., in Danville, and will take charge on March1. Mr. Ingels recently returnedfrom France, where he served in "theA. E. F. as first lieutenant, and habsince been stationed at Camp Jejsup, Georgia. Mr. Ingels will resigna! once in order to take charge ofthe Danville concern.4'4''M''E4''frfl'4,I'foI,4I'Ifl'4''X',I'l'$GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay NightA 37 299mm hhmhuTuh in nimnnniiiiimmiiMiSave 40 and 50On Your Shoes!Entire Stock Shoes, Rubbers and OxfordsNow on sale at sweeping reductions regardless of cost orvalues. Buy now TODAY for future needs. Read the prices.Ladies' Tan English Lace Boots, Black KidBoots. $6.00 Values reduced to$3.49A wonderful half price offering Ladies'Boots, all styles, all leathers, values to$8.00, reduced to$3.99Ladies' Shoes .S'orlr..."''.'" $2.99Ladies' High Grade Boots, .the greatest shoevalues ever offered. $8.00 and $9.00 valuesreduced to$4.85Misses' and Children's Shoes, values to $3.00,reduced to$1.99Men's Elk. Tan Leather Ideal Work Shoes,all sizes, reduced to$1.99Men's Shoes, Tan English, Gun Metal, allstyles, reduced to$3.99Boys' and Youths' Shoes, Gun Metal Shoes, Tan Elk Shots, allsizes 1 to 52, $3.50 values, at$1.99DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReifnParis' Greatest Shoe Storef jp. f -VA-KBk!Ja :1---- V ..V-$ --j'J&&2Z2. -AJVHfe.rfS