-&vTHENEWSr?.:HR3,-ir St.." " ' 3-- i .Pi iiv " ' ,... ' -I JWWW Js. -, - - -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.4 4BOURBONVOLUME XLIHGURES IN SHERIFF'S RACEThe official count of the vote castin the primary election of Saturdayshows that in the race for the officeof Sheriff between M. Peale Collier will return to-morrow, from Columand R. Ed. Bedford, the former car- bia University, New York where heried twenty out of the thirty-one been spending his summer-vacationprecincts in the county, and his, studying and in taking specialofficial majority is increased to 534. .'courses in educational j,,,,,..j. ue voie oy precincts was as follows: For Collier Paris, 1,241, Bedford,S26; Millersburg Collier, 186, Bedford; 389; Flat Rock Bedford, 175,Collier, 254; North MiddletownBedford, 77, Collier, 450; Clinton -ville Bedford, 135, Collier, 124;Hutchison Bedford, 128, Collier,110; Centerville Bedford, 196, Col-lier, 173; Ruddles Mills Bedford,262, Collier, 184. Totals for Bed -iora, j,iss, tor Collier, 2,722; Col -lier's majority, 534.-oY. M. C. A. NOTES.At the Y membership campaignstood: Blues, 50 points; Reds 0.Immediately following the meet-ZSJt,tlnfJ2Alty. C a.so in Columbia Universeu.vtu.u.uu.., U1UU.IU5 lj-ic luiai l). 1Lwas reported, however,Reds had "somethingsleeves."thatlucup theirIt was voted to extend the campaign into next week and to add ; department of Latin in the Univer-additional workers to both teams. fsity of Kentucky, rate these twoBoth, teams have rallies Friday at'yoimg women M among. the begt7.30 p. m. j teachers the University has gradu-- " - - -" -"- mmvidual contestttilePlans are being made forpenmgthe Gymnasium season at te Y r.tan early date.Volley Ball will be started Wednesday, August 17.regularBasket Ball and thetr - tur t . a j tx ouns men s ciass win De started.early in September. Plans are being made to have a City Basket BallLeague.The Boy's Gymnasium classes willopen September G rThere is 'much interest in thpphysical department activities andevery sign indicates that the gymnasium and locker space at the Ywill be crowded during the comingseason.The large lockers will be givento those joining durinpaign.othe cam-OOAL DEALERS ISSUE WAENIITG.A warning was issued Tuesday. by rcoal dealers all over the State urgingpersons who can do so to lay in theircoal supply at ones. It is fearedthat there will be a shortage of fuelthis wintei, and it is practically assured that th4 piice is cheaper noTthan it will be until next Spring.Refreshing!No, It Isn't a Drink, Butan Easy, BreezyPalm BeachSuitAnd you want that feelingthat comes only from beingcomfortable.Before you start on thatvacation trip, come in and se-l,iect yourstock ofneeds from ourWardrobe TrunksHand BagsSuit Casesin fact, anything youneed on a vacation trip.may! iw 1 Hi urn iwiiiiwl m ' j iiiiiijh r, irir.TiicniTTNiiiii 11 mniI" We Know ff ow... itI 6&i Wk && &r Iti U s B i ruuyiiandMITCHELL &BLAKEMOREvHEAD OF PARIS SCHOOLS TO EE-TUJUT TO-MORROWProf. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris PuhlTo So.!ment work. In a letter to HENEWS Prof. Kirkpatrick says, inPart:"I have had an excellent summerin the University. As you will remember I received mv m. a hoj last year, and have finished muchof my work toward my Ph. D degreeI am looking forward to the bestyear in the Paris City Schools weI have ever hd. i appreciate very; much the splendid co-operation I, have always had from THE NEWS"Miss Lucille Harbold, the newteacher of Latin, is a graduate ofKentucky State University, and is inColumbia University now majoringin T.ntin wTlo-ro a"ha mill -.,--.-. rmi- v.,-...Unianrt , ., ... x.,A.- , ,w ihh b,uv.ut,l. Ul JUiUgXlOll,lis n frl rl 11 n to rif T'ontiinVw TTn.'.,nmajoring in English, and1 will sooni receive her M. A in "reno-Hcb TeDantzler, head of the Departmentlof English of State University of' 1 Q1 9. and Pl-nf Tnnnc. .Vm-.l -P 4-1-., atea ln recent years. They haveboth made splendid records in Columbia, and by their excellentscholarship and personalty will be, asource of great strength to the ParisHigh School faculty-i "Announcement will be made nextTrck Of Ihp TIPW tnohfr nf matlm.ww v w -. "ii tnmatics and French. These teacherswill be chcsen from a group ofteachers who are college graduates,and who .ire now worlrin? in crimoof tlie x universities of Americafor their M. A. degree in thelri ! :n u-v-iiuctu. UCiU, U.1U Will US fJilUUeiO litgood experience. No teacher willbe taken intt the Paris High Schoolfaculty who has not done advancedgraduate work in the work she is totfinrV Tfi?5; TTrnnf.PR T?nflrr TVrfjj77., o;, ,,,,1 m, t,k -rJ-"ilu OUVCiS ami ililiao XV.UUvl J-iU'J.k-hart, teachers of scholarship and experience, will have charge of Szienceand History. We hope to mako theParis High School faculty 'one ofthe best in A:aq State."I wish you would announce inTHE NEWS that I want all studentsin Paris and Bourbcn county whoexpect to enter the Frechman classin September to report at the HighSchool on loiiday, August 15, between 9:00 a. m. and 3:00 p. m,to register and classify."Sincerely,"LEE KIRKPATRICK."TO TEE TAXPAYERS.PTEASE GIVE IN YOUR TAXUST3 TO-DAY.PIES. WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner,r JUiliM J. HJSiJJSlOJJI,l 1 -1 n T 4- -r ivuugi-r-u; Jjeputy.0PARIS HEALTH BOARD AGAINWARNS PUBLICj Paris, Ky., Au11, 1921.j-TO THE PUBLIC:Is yo,ur water for drinking anddomestic purposes from hydrant,spring, cistern or well? It mattersnot, either may become contaminatedand if so dire results might follow.We have no typhoid or other seri-' ous intestinal troubles at present,and to avoid .such conditions youare again urged to boil all waterused for above purposes.By order of the Board. ,A. H. KELLER,(augl2-3t) Health Officer.oATTENTION, TOBACCO GROWERSi ALL WHO ARE DESIROUS OE.SIGNING THE CO-OPERATIVEBURLEY TOBACCO MARKETINGASSOCIATION CONTRACT AREASKED TO- CALL AT THE OEEICEIN THE COURT HOUSE, WHERETHEY WILL BE RECEIVED WITHATT, COURTESY. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SEE EVERONE IN PERSON. IF YOU ARE INTERESTEDIN THE CONTRACT TO THATEXTENT, CALL AT THE OEEIUJSAND SIGN UP. 26-u, 0DELEGATES TO AMERICAN LEJ GION MEETING.I At a meeting of Bourbon Post,American Legion, Nathan Baylessand Rev. T. S. Smylie were selectedas delegates and Colliver Dawes andFinnel Galloway,, alternates, to represent the Post at the State meetingof the Legion, to be held in Lexington, on September 1 and 2.J The business session will be heldon the first day, and the second daywill be devoted to sports and social1 events at Woodland Park, the weather permitting. The delegates willwear the regulation O. D. shirts instMLd of blouses. Lexington is mak-img .preparations for giring the Le-PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY,lTHE PRIMARY ELECTION ANDITS LESSONNow that the election is over wewill miss the glad handshake of thecandidates who have been so solicitous concerning our health, our wivesand babies, our crops, in fact theyhave assured us that if elected ourevery wish would be granted. Theyhave all been so nice and courteousthat the only regret we, the voters,have, is that we did not have anoffice for each of them. They werea fine 'bunch of fellows and it washard for many to decide for whomtheir vote would be cast.The primary is over. There weredifferences, of course, but a majorityvote always settles the matter, andif we would be Democratic, we sayso let it be. In some of the racesjust closed we received ,our choicefor the nomination, but in others wedid not, but we bow to the will ofthe majority, and will contend forthe full ticket until after the November election. We are assuming, r.fcourse, that all the Democratic nominees will be elected in November,because they will receive the unitedstrength of the party, which will insure success of both the city anicounty ticket?But after the nominees have beeninducted into office they must notbe remiss to their duty, they musttoe the mark, they must earn theirsalaries, or they will hear from thepeople in words not spoken in awhisper. The successful ones willfind themselves face to face with thereal problems incident to the dutiesof their office. They will find someof the things they had imagined theywould do are beyond their power.We are assuming that when theyhave adapted themselves to their surroundings and their responsibilities,that things will be about as theyused to be.Our tabulated election returnsgive all of the results and how itwas that each candidate, be he successful or not, will have a story totell. -We have nothing but factsand figures, and they cannot lie.The nominees head our columns, thoparty has spoken,, and so have we.Now kiss and make up!EEADY TO DEILL EOH OILMachinery for drilling purposeshas arrived' and been placed in position on the farm of Lee Stephenson near Clintonville. Three testwells will be sunk for oil under theauspices of a California syndicate,"with Ike Cooper, formerly of Clintonville, supervising operations.Mr. Cooper was informed by Geologist Willette, of Kansas, that inall probability, a flow of oil wouldbe struck at seven hundred feet inthe Trenton rock, the oil-bearingrock which extends through Ohio andthe Kentucky oil fields. The drillswill be kept going day and night until definite results are attained.The company of California capitalists whom Mr. Cooper represents,have oil leases and mineral rightssecured on 3,500 acres of land inthe Hutchison and Clintonville precincts, which they propose to prospect for oil.-0-THE OFFICIAL VOTEThe Bourbon County Board ofElection Commissioners, composed ofWill G. McClintock, M: R. Jacobyand Denis Dundon, met at the courthouse in this city Tuesday, andmade an official canvass of the votecast in the Democratic primaryelection, held last Saturday.The official canvass revealed butfew material changes in the vote,thediscrepancies noted being of smallnote. The corrected table as prepared from the official canvass ofthe votes is given on page four ofthis issue of THE NEWS, and wiilbe a valuable reference for thefuture.T&BACCO HATT, INSURANCE.McCLURE & DONALDSON. AGTS.FIRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG..FORMER PARISIAN'S-HOME FORTRAINING SCHOOLThe building at 338 Harrisonavenue, Lexington, probably will bepurchased for the use of the guidance school at the University ofKentucky. Armin Binder, local supervisor of the Federal Board forVocational Training, announcedWednesday. The building is theformer home of Sherman Stivers,Paris correspondent for The Herald,who died several months ago.Slight remodeling will be necessary before the building can be usedfor a school, it was said. It is atwo-story brick with 11 rooms, andis only about 100 yards from thecampus. The amount asked for theproperty was not made public.A brick building on South Limestone street, directly opposite theGood Samaritan Hospital, is .alsounder '.consideration, but it ia .likelyKENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUSTBUILDINGS AND IMPROVEMENTS-i,,Gl'4und was ken yesterday bytne Standard Oil Company for theerection of a handsome brick aniconcrete gasoline service station atthe corner of Main and Eighth.The building will be of modern de2 ;ln every respect and will besible t0 Completion as fast as. Pos-Painters and decorators are busyin all parts of the town, putting thennishing touches on business housesand residences. Among the most noticeable aref the. J. T. Hinton Co.'sbuilding at Sixth and Main and thewhite Front Garage, both shining innew fall coatings of paint.A number of residences and smallcottages are planned for erectionand completion before the winterseason begins. Carpenters and contractors are busy in both city andcounty, and there is a general airof industry and prosperity in alllines of business.Reconstrution of Hisrh street, anrithe intersecting side streets begunby the Henry Bickel Co., of Louisville, some time ago, is proceedingrapidly, with the expectation of being completed before the advent (ifbad weather. New curbing is beingplaced where needed on all sidestrets from Thireenth to Secondstreets. The interurban tracks onHigh street have been taken up andwill be replaced in the general reconstruction scheme, with heavierrails.A CARD OE THANKSOn behalf of Mrs. Clark, as weQas in my own behalf, I desire tothank all the good friends who helped us win .the nomination for TaxCommissioner and Deputy in thecampaign and primary election whichclosed Saturday. Wc are more thanappreciative of everything that wr.sdone in our interest, and will endeavor to show by our conduct clthe office that the confidence youhave placed in us will be upheld.Ave are grateful to many for the useof their automobiles on the day ofelection, and grateful for every movemade for our cause..BEN WOODFORD, JR.EASE BALL NOTESParis fans should turn out Inlarge numbers to see the games between Paris and Winchester, tomorrow, and with the Cynthianateam on the local grounds Sundayafternoon. These teams are all in.excellent condition and are playingwinning ball games. Paris hopes totake off both games, and should beencouraged by large crowds at eacngame. ?The Winchester Sun says: "TheHustlers will journey to Paris, Satuiday, for a game with the Paristeam. Goodman, who formerly played left field for Paris in the old BlueGrass League, is now in charge ofthe Paris team. Several fans willaccompany the local club on theirtrip."In the game at the Second streetball park Wednesday afternoon between the Methodist and Presbyterian teams of the Church League,the former came out victors by ascore of 11 to 3. The game washotly contested at all points. Thebatteries were: Methodists Mastin and Owens; Presbyterians Armstrong, Swearengen, Tadlock andSoper. The feature of the game wasMastin's effective pitching for theMethodist team.The sporting editor sof The Cynthiana Democrat thus sizes up thegame last Sunday at? Cynthiana between Paris andJynthiana:"It was a sad day for the vociferous delegation that accompanied theParis would-be conquerers, when thesaid would-wasers were fed nineeggs.white side up, a la King, scrambled with Hammy and a generousgarnishment of gang form. Two tonothing, said the scoreboard, andwaved the round rings. Paris hada much stronger team than was expected, and the outfielders, especially center, were the top notch ofamateur perfection. Caparoni is asteady twirler, and while his curlerswere not so baffling, when hit theydidn't get the batter anywhere."XHATT, STORMS COMINGINSURE -YOUR TOBACCO444tAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITH(1-tf) YERKES & PEED.0ATTENTION, CANDIDATES !All candidates in last Saturday'sprimary election are required to filea post-primary expense accountwithin thirty days after the election.The law provides a penalty of $500for failure to file this statement,and.' everyone who was a candidatejnust do so, whether successful ornot.v, THE NUWS haa a supply of blanksforUhe purvoae. and will ba pr9ra12, 1921THINK THIS OVERSome people take an active interest in the affairs of their town.Some are passive, others are indifferent, and a few are negative.The active ones are always on thealert to devise ways and means ofimproving local conditions. Theirgood work is to be seen on evervhand. They make the town.The passive ones are content toview the work of others without anyparticular desire to criticise andwith no effort to assist in any way.They simply benefit from the laborsof the active ones.The indifferent element is not aparticular asset to any community.So long as they get what they wantthe welfare of the rest of the population is of no concern tp them.T,hey extract much from others andgive little in return.The negative man is hardly asfar .down in the scale as the indifferent one. He keeps an eye on whatis taking place, but his principalobject is to criticise and obstruct.He does no' particular harm becausehe is greatly in the minority, buthe frequently does his town a distince service by uncovering defectsin new projects which might otherwise slip through undetected.Have you ever catalogued themen of this town? Do you know theclass to which each one belongs?Do you realize your own status?It is worth your while to devotea little time to the study of humannature. You will learn much nfothers, and sometimes more of yourown characteristics. You might Ieven find that your personal habit'sand customs would benefit by achange here and there.None of us are perfect.. Wc maynever hope to be. But a calm andunbiased study of our minds andhearts might result in elevating .usto a clasb above that which we nowoccupy.In any event it would be a stepin the direction of community betterment and personal advancement.PICTURE PROGRAM ATAND ALAMOGRANDTo-day, Friday, August 12 VioletMersereau, in "Finders-Keepers;"Charles Hutchison, in serial, "DoubleAdventure;" Snub Pollard Comedy,"The Killjoys."To-morrow, Saturday, August 13 Herald. The foilqwi'ng Bourbon,May Allison, in "Extravagance;" county people have enrollacLas memHank Mann, in comedy, "Up In The 1 hers: Miss Lillian Berkley, His3Air." . iThelman Thomas, Fred M. Fister, S.Monday, August 15 Alice Brady,in "The New York Idea,;" CenturyCGmedy, "Playmates;" Pa the Review. 4'Ir4HMtHj''I'''I'I"I''vsFRANKSLADIES' OUTFITTERSOur buyers have just returnedfrom the Eastern Markets andwe are now showingAdvanced Fall andWinter Modelsin7CoatsSuitsDressesSkirtsWe cordially invite you tocome in and inspect thesethese models"SHOP ATFRANK1 LADIES' QUfi?iTTBSjSTOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGA meeting of the stockholders ofthe recently organized Bourboa.County Fishing Club will be held- ithe court house to-morrow (Saturday) night, at eight o'clock. Th -meetingwill be for the purpose ofpassing on the new site for the flaking lake, and to authorize the immediate beginning of work oa.building same. Come and see tfcplans and make your suggestions.Since James B. Wilson, engineerdiscovered from tests that the landdonated byN Louis Rogers for thepurpose was not suitable the directors of the Club have been trying tolocate some other site that would fillthe requirements. This, it is believed, has been found on the farm ofMrs. Thompson Tarr, about one milfrom the city limits of Paris on tieGeorgetown road, and Mrs. Tarr hasdonated the use of the land for thatpurpose.W. S. Kelley, who is assisting Mr.Wilson, and acting in his absence-,has made a blue print of this portionof land to be submitted to Mr. Wilson. This is now on exhibition- in.the window of the Peoples-DepositBank & Trust Co. It will be known,to-morrow whether or not this landwill answer all the requirements.O :SPLLS INTEREST IN BIG 4 MOTOR CO.Hiram S. Redmon, for some timegeneral manager and a large stockholder in the Big Four Motor Co.,at Eighth and High streets, haHdisposed of his interest in the enterprise to Charles P. Mann. Mr.Redmon retains his interest in thoParis Realty Company, where he isassociated with Mr. Mann.Mr. Redmon, after his retirementfrom the Big Four, accepted a position which was tendered him asDeputy Tax Commissioner in theoffice of County Tax CommissionerMrs. Walter Clark. His father, JohnJ. Redmon, is Chief Deputy in thooffice. Both are men of large experience in real estate and landralue matters, which insures Mrs.Clark a most competent office, fore 2.oBOURBON PEOPLE IN SALESMANSHIP CONTEST xOver 200 persons have enrolled asvmembers of the Salesmanship Clubrecently organized by the Lexington,W. Shiveley, Paris; Ansel N. Darn-aby, Clintonville; Mrs. Robert Turner, Sirs. Robert Turner, Jr., Millersburg.taBgaesErauniwsacaaraaauaiaaBts'saPtKS5ijj5vijii?tIws'ylt4,'5M3kj'y-HOME"& 0,1i4TL1gio membergad 4tWt a roui-the Syyre-;hfm.jirill InsdacideKtofjiitctfcaiaitjtet for tfca caat-i?.1Kp&&$?3& -Jdv,MH0 wumimiKiiih,3., .?yiCoMfc-fttf a4 ft yirwl ftXi fsr4&. , 1-b-J-!tegV-? -'- y 1 x"-! &-Lr FACE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYY, AUGUUT 11, IS11heBOURBONNEWSliriabli hed 188140 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and Priday?r Year. .2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.GWTET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Eatered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffice as aiail Matter of theSecond Class.)TEE DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor Circuit JudgeROBT. LEE STOUT.For Commonwealths' Attorney.VICTOR BRADLEYFor CiVcuit ClerkWM. H. WEBB.For RepresentativeJAMES H. THOMPSONFor County JudgeGEORGE BATTERTON.For Caunty AttorneyD. D. CLINE.For County ClerkPEARCE PATON.For SkeriffM. PEALE COLLIER.For Tax CommissionerBEN WOODFORD, JR.For JailerJAMES E. TAYLOR.For CoronerRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorE. B. JANUARY.For CouncilmenFirst Ward W. W, MITCHELL,DR. WM. KENNEY, GEORGE D.SPEAKES.Second Ward FRANK SKILLMAN, B. J. SANTEN, CURTISHENRY.Third Ward GEORGE L. DOYLE.' EDITORIAL ELINGS OF THIS." THAT EN TOTHEBSome men are born to be in time,A feature that's a thriller,..While some are like this little rhyme,Just born to be a filler.Decreased automobile casualties in3uly show that it sometimes gets sohot that there is no pleasure inrunning down pedestrians.In 1924 if fashions change asusual, women will be assailed forvanity, which causes them to paradein skirts dragging on the streets;vanity which argues a lack of modBty that is truly alarming. Can.ny sensible person see any objection to the short skirt?The approved way to catch themotor speeding maniac nowadays isto clothe officers in civilian attireand place them out on the road inall sorts of vehicles. The next timeyou cut in ahead of a farmer in adilapidated car don't be too surethat he is not a policeman with astop watch and an eye on your num-ler plate.Women's ears, we read, are to bea part of the winter landscape. Atifee- same time a private domesticforecaster, who never goes wrong, orat least never acknowledges it, warnsusto prepare for a severe, cold winter. That need not worry possessors of the ears. Those delicate organisms will he kept warm enoughly the gossip that will come theiriray. ". oMAKOHD BRACELET POUND;TATTl UNTOUCHED HOURSA $1,500 diamond bracelet, with36 small diamonds and one largee set in platinum, lay at Fourthand Walnut Louisville's busiestearner, where thousands of persons pass during a day all aftermoon. . Mrs. J. H. Limbird, wife cfthe. president of a large automobile&gmcy here, ceased worrying aboutft, when the bracelet, which was in-MM-ftdfor $1,400, was returned. A-woman, who Tefused to give herMW is $00 richer for returning1fce jewelry to its owner.-o, mr'Ik llr . wmBANKS NOTIFIED TO LOOK FOBSWINDLER.Paris merchants and financial institutions have been warned that anelusive crook, who operates undervarious names, is at liberty again,and has entered the fields in whichhis former activities made himfeared. During the past three years,this man, who so far has evadedthe police, has swindled twenty-fivemember banks of the AmericanBankers' Association, and one nonmember bank out of more than $43,000, according to the warnings sentout by the Association.This man moves to a new city,and opens an account with from twoto eight banks, according to locality, and then proceeds to "kite"them, says, the warning. When hehas gained the confidence of varioi-3banks, and has a fairly substantialsum deposited in one of them, hesecures from that institution a certified check for almost the total ofJiis deposit funds. He then drawsthree or four 'checks for the sameamount, upon which he forges certified stamps. Armed with- thesechecks he visits other banks wherehe has opened accounts, and thusfar has succeeded in getting themcashed. He also works along mercantile lines, and victimizes merchants by liberal purchases, whichhe pays for with checks, which areafterward returned "N. G."ANNUAL REUNION OF THESHROPSHIRE FAMILYThe sixth annual reunion of thedescendants of James Harvey Shropshire and Maria Louise' HarcOurt,met last Sunday, August 7, at theancestral hqme near Leesburg, inBourbon county, which is now thehome of Walter Henderson Shropshire. These reunions bring together annually relatives who arescattered in many States. It hasbeen the custom for several years tomeet in the morning for worship atthe Leesburg Christian Church, ofwhich James Harvey Shropshire wasan elder for many years. On theseoccasions the sermon has beenpreached by Rev. Newton Shropshire, of Clintonville. He was unable to be present this year, and thespecial services were not held.A substantial dinner was spread ontables beneath the giant oak treesin the yard. It is a remarkable factthat no meeting during the entiresix years has been marred by rain.After the dinner a business sessionwas held, presided over by the president, Jas. H. Shropshire, of Harrison county. The historian, Mrs.John L. Waits, of Harrison county,presented some additional facts concerning the early life of the ancestors. Mrs. Waits was requested tohave the historical data she ha,dgathered prepared- for publicationand to have it printed in book form.During the last year there were twodeaths, Mrs. J. Gano Shropshire, ofGeorgetown, and Isaac Shropshire, ofCynthiana.The officers of the Association are:President, James H. Shropshire,Harrison county; secretary, Mrs.Bullitt McCoun, Frankfort; treasurer, Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire, of Bourbon county; historian,Mrs. John L. Waits, of Harrisoncounty.The following Bourbon countydescendants attended the reunion:Mrs. William O. Shropshire, Paris,representing the first generation;Mr. and Mrs. Harvey L. Shropshire,Mrs. Annabelle Wallace, Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire, Mr. andMrs. Carlie Wilmoth, representingthe second generation; Myra andMary Wilmoth, daughters of Mr. andMrs. uariie wiimot-n, fans, representing the third generation.oLOVE NOTE IN WR0N& BOXCALLS OUT FIREMENSomebody who writes sweescented missives on pink stationery,addressed to a young woman, dropped the letter into the fire alarmbox, mistaking it for a small boxand created quite an excitement atfire department headquarters, inLouisville. It happened that' thefire box was located in the heartof the milling district of the city,and a strong wind was blowing.Firemen rushed to the scene butfound all quiet. Then they discovered the box open, and a smile wentaround when the pink letter was removed. They "forwarded" it to itsdestination via the mail route.SIXTY TERRAPINS IN MERCERDRANK SPRING DRYHarvey S. McBrayer, of theNinavah precinct observed that alarge spring on his farm in Mercercounty, had ceased running and sent;his son Maxwell to clean it out. After short digging, young McBrayerbegan to heave out live terrapin.When he had finished there weresixty terrapins and one turtle, allfull grown, in the heap. The springthen resumed running, leavingthe question open , whether theterrapins had drank it dry or whether they had so clogged it that thestream was diverted.oGwilui Blaze In Aft.Gtothe was more than eighty , wheikt wrote the second part of "Faust"oRANKS OF G. A. R.FAST THINNINGDrop of 10,103 in Number of Veterans of Civil War in thePast Year.4,445 POSTS IN 48 STATESOhio Has the Largest Quota, WithPennsylvania Second and NewYork- Third Organized inIllinois in Spring of 1866. .Indianapolis. When "the GrandArmy of the Republic holds its annualreunion this year more than 10,000 ofthe Civil war veterans who attendedthe encampment of 1920 will be counted among the missing, as the rankshave be.cn depleted to this extenjtthrough the last year.The total membership of the G. A.R. today is 93,155, while its membership in 1920 was 103,258.The total membership is scatteredamong 4,445 posts in every state. Ohio,with 10,241, has the largest membership, with Pennsylvania second with9,122; New York third, 8,795; Illinoisfourth, 6,868; Indiana fifth, 5,949;Massachusetts sixth, 5,356. No otherstate has 5,000 or more members.Property owned by all posts isvalued at $2,075,027, including realestate worth .$802,841.Members in the old Confederatestates total approximately 2,200.The G. A. R. was organized in Illinois in the spring of 1866. Who Itsoriginatprs were is a matter of tradition, rather than of record, says thereport made to the national encampment In 1869 by N. P. Chipman, thenadjutant general of the national organization. First Post in 1866."There can be no doubt that thelate Col. B. F. Stephenson of Decatur, HI., was one of the prime movers,''spjs Chipman's report. "Being recognized as such, he organized the firstpost at Decatur, 111."By July, 1S66, there were 40 postsin Illinois, representatives of whichmet in convention and organized thestate department. Stephenson wasby common consent the provisionalcommander in chief, and posts wereorganized in other states, resulting inthe first national encampment beingheld at Indianapolis, November 20,1866. After the Indianapolis convention Chipman records that "posts seemto have sprung up as if by magic inall parts of the lorth," but he addsthere was no record of progress. Tenstates were represented at the Indianapolis encampment, 21 states in1867, 24 in 1868, 37 in 1869 having2,050 posts.At the 1869 encampment a mutuallife insurance scheme was proposed,it being said that the G. A. II. had240,000 members. In 1867 it had beensaid that the state departments"claimed to represent a constituencyof over 200,000.; But there is no authentic record of the number for theearly years, the insurance proposal,containing an estimate, It is thought,and the 1867 estimate .being regardedas the number of Union soldiers living in the jurisdiction of the state departments represented at the convention. For instance, the adjutant general's report at the 1870 encampment,when there were 39 departments, saysIt is "absolutely impossible for me tofurnish anything like a correct report,of the present membership."Decline Constant Since 1890.In 1890, however, reports taken asauthentic state that the membershipwas 409,489, the highest mark recorded. From 1878 to 1890 the growthwas rapid, being froma2,000 to 85,000annually. Since 1890 the decline hasbeen constant except for a 3,000 gainin 1906, said to be due to prospectsof favorable pension legislation. Subsequent enrollment figures from thetime the G. A. R. reached its zenithto the present time follow :1891.... 407,781 1901....269.50T 1911.... 203,4101S92.... 99,880 1902.... 263,510 1912.... 191, 34C1893.... 397,223 1903.... 256,510 1913. .. .180,2271894.... 369,083 1904. .. .247,340 1914. .. .171,3351895.... 357.639 1905.... 232,455 1915.... 159,8631896.... 340,610 1906.... 235,823 1916.... 149,0741897.... 319,456 1907. .. .229,932 1917. .. .135,9311898.... 305,603 190S.... 225,157 1918.... 120,9161899.... 287,918 1909.... 220,600 1919.... 110,3571900.... 276,612 1910. .. .213,901 1920.... 103.258The 1920 national encampmentvoted to meet every year as long asa single .member survived, firig. Gen.John L. Clem, address Army and NavyClub, Washington, D. C, claims himself the youngest G. A. R. member.He is thought by the G. A. R. officialshere to be seventy-one years old, having enlisted as a drummer boy at thenge of eleven years. The question ofwho is the oldest member alwaysbrings up hundreds of claimants andno reliable record has been obtained.HALT FIREMEN AT BORDERItalians Refuse to Allow Austrian Brigade to Cross Line Forced toWatch Buildings Burn.Vienna. Fiontier restrictions werecarried to an extreme when they prevented an' Austrian fire brigade fromcrossing the Italian border to fight ablaze.Some buildings on the Italian sideof the Brenner Pass railway stationcaught, firer and,, the Austrian, ..town's'firemen .turned ,otoL Italian trend rmGETS UP ONE DMIS DOWNTHENewport Woman Who Had To liveOn Milk Diet Is Now InSplendid Health"The splendid health I have hadfor the past four Vears I attributeto Tanlac and nothing else," saidMrs. Jennie Williams, 141 Fourteenth and Central avenue, Newport, Ky."I had been suffering from stomach trouble for at least four yearsbefore I began taking Tanlac, andI suffered so much- after meals I justdreaded to go to the table. OftenI went as long as two days at atime without eating a morsel offood. At last I was put on a milkdiet, but in spite of this and trying all sorts of medicines I continued to grow worse and was spendinghalf of my time 'in bed up one aajand down the next."This was my condition when Istarted taking Tanlac. Tanlac gaveme an appetite, put my stomach infirst-class condition and made megain twelve pounds. My nervesquieted down and soon I was ableto sleep all . night long withoutwaking once. Not only that, but itgave me a feeling of strength andbuoyancy that I can hardly describe. As I said, that was fouryears ago and from that time tothis I have felt fine. I think Tanlac is the grandest medicine manever made."Tanlac is sold by leading druggists everywhere. (adv); OJUNIOR LIVESTOCK JUDGING' CONTESTOne of the important and interesting events of State Fair week willbs the Boys' and Girls' LivestockJudging Contest, for which nrizestotaling $300 have been 'offered by iuie ouisviiie .Livestock Exchange.This is to be an annual event.The winner of the State Fair contesteach year will represent the Statein the Junior Judging contests whichwill be held at the InternationalLivestock Exhibition.So far thirty counties have indicated that they will be representedat Louisville, and others will beheard, from before the State Fairopens.In the preliminary contests theboys and girls have shown not onlygreat interest but remarkable ability, and the educational value ofthe enterprise has been widely recognized, and the work which is being done in this direction is boundto prove highly beneficial to thefuture of the farming interests ofthe State.The directors of the State Fair andthe men in control of the LouisvilleLivestock Exchange are to be highlycommended for their efforts to promote interest among the boys andgirls in this great industry., WINTER RELIEFThe squirrel and many other animals provide their winter supplyduring the summer months. Man ina sense acquires his disposition toprotect himself by storing up provisions during the days of plenty.And as the summer months pass bythe fall season approaches thoughtful, philanthropic people who are engaged in caring for those who areless fortunate in many ways thanthey are, are turning their attention to the impending relief workthat will be necessary in foreigncountries. Five million bushels ofgrain have been asked for in connection with the preliminary survey in the Near East. This seemslike a lot of grain, but Tvith thousands of empty mouths and stomachsto be filled it will require an immense amount of grain to go around.Various agricultural organizationsin the country ai'e at work endeavoring to secure co-operation in thiswork. The actual collection of grainwill take place during Septemberand October of this year. Syrianand American farmers are not permitted to stay in one locality longenough to reap a harvest and so theirwants necessarily will be great.The Near East already is beginningto see the spectre of hunger risinglarge on the horizon of the fall andwinter. It is none too soon to beinaugurating the program for relief. Happily it is in capable handsand well under way.oLABOR DAY AT THE BLUEGRASS PAIRLabor Day will be celebrated atthe Fair Grounds, Lexington, by alllocal organizations in connectionwith the Blue Grass Fair. Running, trotting and mule races; horseshow,' cattle, poultry, etc., and aspecial concert afternoon and evening by the Maysville Boys' Bandand the Orpheus Comedy Quartette.One admission of 50 cents sees itall.oVaoclnitlwi for Marrlaf.In, Sweden and Korway a legal ma?fUn at on:tim was notalHrweiNEXTIS HERMIT 33 YEARSMan Visits. City for First Timeand Sees First Woman.Swift Change Comes and He Immediately Sheds His Whiskers andBuys Store Clothes.Omaha. Tracy Gillis, older thanBrigham Young when he took histhird wife, has just let his eyes firstsee a woman. He also has had hisfirst remembered view of a railroadtrain,, a street tar, a dally newspaperand a fiction magazine.Upon seeing a woman for the firsttime, Gillis visited a barber shop andhad his long hair cut and his faceshaved.Gillis is thirty-three years old. Hewas born in Chicago. His mother wasan actress and his father a discipleof Moody and Sankey. But for a thirdof a century father and son, theirBible open to the chapter which tellsof John the Baptist dwelling in thewilderness, have lived alone on a western Nebraska ranch 40 miles fromrailroad, with no stranger stoppingwithin its fence posts.George Willis, the father, died recently, two years short of the fourscore and ten which he believed thathad been .promised to him. Tracy, theson, buried the body on the ranch andwent on with his farm work. Todayhe came to Omaha on his pioneer journey with a load of cattle.According to the young man's tale,the older Gillis trafficked, with hisneighboring farmers only on theirproperty and never on his own, forfear his son's ears should pick uphints of civilization. The father fledto the West with his son to save himfrom the' dancing, singing actressesin Chicago's old Haymarket theater."A devil lurks on, every city streetcorner, father taught me," Tracy Gillissaid today. "He told me the sad storyof my mother and warned me to avoidall sinful men."With the money from the sale of" hiscattle Gillis changed his home madegarments for a suit of store clothes.He also bought a safety razor, a tubeof tooth paste and two silk neckties.He Is willing to admit that one glimpseof the city has demoralized him. Inhis plans for the future, which include continued residence on hissecluded farm, he mentions a wife anda course in agriculture.MILLIONS SPENT IN VIENNAMoney So Plentiful in Austria Americans Are Outbid for Objetsd'Art.Vienna, Austria. The astoundingamount of ready money circulating inAustria was illustrated by the recentlyconcluded sale of the rare furnishingsof Klessheim palace, one of the residences of the Archduke Ludwig Victor. It netted many million crownsand the newspapers say the purchaserswere virtually all newly rich Viennese.Many professional collectors andbuyers from France, Great Britainand the United States came here forthe sale but declared they could notcompete with native bidders, who ranprices up into millions as nonchalantly as if bidding in hundreds. Dollars,pounds and francs, they said, wereout of the running. Several rare Gobelins brought from 1,000,000 to 1,500,000crowns each.The Vienna Derby just run was another illustration of the money plenitude. About 30,000 persons attended,and the recipts of the betting machinesalone was 4,500,000 crowns.BLAZING CROW FIRES FIELDBird Killed by a Live Wire Falls IntoHay Causing Loss of SeveralHundred Dollars.Rochester, N. Y. A crow alightea ona heavily charged electric wire of theNiagara Power company and was instantly killed, falling a blazing massinto a field of uncut hay belonging toHobart Stahl, near Spencerport, eignemiles from here.The field caught fire, causing a lossof several hundred dollars, and for atime threatened adjoining wheat Acidswhose uncut crops are estimated tobe worth several thousands.The Spencerport Chemical companymade the three-mile run to the Stahlplace and prevented further damafa.Meteor Falls in Tennessee.Chattanooga, Tenn. A meteorweighing between 500 and 600 poundsfell near here. The meteor mada aswishing noise that was heard severalblocks. It burled itself in the ground.Aged Women VotersPosted; Riot FollowedIt was only 90 in the shadewhen the assessors of NorthBrookfield, Mass., posted the listof 900 female voters in thetown, but it was estimated tobe 120 in the assessors' officenext day when it became knowneach name was followed by theage of the voter. Not satisfiedwiin siormiug me assessor s oifice. manv of the womon. t.tacked the lists With eraaarand .some of the lists wera; tanon aunng tne noun. :Ta llat,was. accented aa, authfitV tmm. - r ZT- . mwrti s:For RentStore room, now occupied bv Piiv.cmnati Store, is now fo? renf ?best store room and location on MainT l'pp?oeSSi0n h,a itat, ' W.O.mNTON. .For Sale.Brand new Southern sewing machine, with Davis attachment. "Willsell at a bargain. Cumb. Phone 802(5-3t( parig KyFoundOn Houston Avenue, new side curtain belonging to touring carOwner can have same by calling atthis office, proving property andpaying advertising charges. (tf)Hams WantedCountry Hams wanted; any size:highest cash price paid.BLUE GRASS CAFE,418 Main Street.(5-4t-pd)Notice to the PublicDue to the reconstruction of Highstreet, in this city, and the necessityof tearing up our tracks, effectiveas of August 8, we will abandon operations on High street.Interurban passenger cars will leaveFourteenth street two minutes laterthan the present schedule at theFifth street interurban station.Interurban freight will he received in a box car located on the sidingat Fourteenth street.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(aug8-tf) tMILL & BROWNContractors and BuildersParis, Ky.Estimates furnished on all kinds ofbuilding work. Workmanship andprices guaranteed right. We makea specialty of Hardwood Flooring.Call Cumberland Phones 722 or813. (julyl2-2mo)ECOMEDOWN?If you will visit our storethis week or look in ourwindow we can show you.One Year Ago50 pounds flour and 100pounds sugar cost 33.00.To-dayYou can buy these and 120other items. Let us showyou.Logan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179FAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquets- a Specialtyf niiimniiiHimiinIS. P.MOHNEYIChiropractoriHAVGROCERIESMISS HOLIDAY'S3 X.'' Jfflto;!1secuijDf; many '"f , Wf arf,ar.""" . 1a 3'7&Uwmc iiPiMJyfri jpiiipn ,MPjMjEe:'Ma proaveva ccruucmiwvt&aHa-riwittty bora tmhU nccim fc, --. t jj.Lyfeto Bulletin. tIItif. Buffalo News.iaaaaaaB)aaaaaBMafM&Si. -. -. vj4tfcare tebtDHMtafliFIETHiliiuljpMtt of the trombie is produced byz jxteA-u kfiUt'f . i.r3cTw? i! ! Titnf !! nnr4BMIimMbFRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1921.THE BOURBON NKWS. PARIS, JOBHrfUCWPACT THUS'HOKItfATIONS IN STATELEGISLATUREFOE-Emery Fraser, Demo-Nominations For House."Winners in the various races fornominations to! the House of Repre'fsentatives follow:Adair and Taylor Noah Loy, unopposed Democrat; E. P. Murrah, Republican. Allen R. O. Huntsman, Republican.Andersoncrat.Ballard and Carlisle Charles L.Barnes, unopposed Republican.Bath and Rowan J. T. Jennings,unopposed Republican. "Bell H. F. Reed, Democrat; J. F.Bosworth, unopposed Republican.Boone and Grant G. W. Tolin,Democrat.Bourbon J. S. .Thompson, unopposed Democrat.Boyd Mrs. M. C. Flanery, unopposed Democrat, Sam Vagh, Repub-lican.Boyle C. D. Minor, unopposedDemocrat.Bracken and PendletonBreathitt and LeeJames H. Johnson, unopposed, Republican.Breckinridge and Hancock C. W.Newman, Republican, leading.Bulitt and Spencer S. G. Thornberry, unopposed, Democrat.Butler and Edmonson R. E.Skaggs, Republican.Caldwell G. Rice, unopposed,Democrat: W. T. Carner, Republican.Calloway Lee Clark, Democrat.' Campbell (66th District)Campbell (67th District)Carroll and Gallatin- Oscar Vest,Democrat. " rtCjajjfcer-r. -, Casey and Russell rCkristian U. D. 'Smith, unopposed,Democrat: N. B. Maloney, Republican. Clark H. B. Thompson, Democrat,1 Clay and Owsley 'Clinton and CumberlandCrittenden and Livingston H.Walter Pierce, unopposed Democrat;L. McDonald, Republican. 'Daviess (City District) B. Payne,"Democrat.Daviess (County District) D. D.Tkornberry, Democrat.Elliott and Lawrence McClellandSammons, unopposed Republican.Estill and JacksonFayette (City District)Fayette (County District) ArchL. Hamilton, Democrat.Fleming Arthur Saders, DemocratFloydFranklin Arch M. Uarles. Demo-1Fulton and Hickman W. T. Walker. Democrat.Garrard J. H. Tomblinson, unopposed Democrat.GravesGraysonGreen and Hart Bryant Green,unopposed Democrat.Greenup W. S. Montgomery, Republican. Hardin Charles A. Nelson, unopposed, Democrat.Harlan and LeslieHarrison H. C. Duffy, Democrat..Henderson G. Givens Divon, unopposed, Democrat.MISS MILLER TO SAIL FORBURMA AS MISSIONARY(Stanford Interior-Journal)Miss Linda Miller will sail fromNew York, August 20, on the Albania, by way of England and theMediterranean, to Burma, India, asa 'Northern Baptist Missionary.Miss Miller was educated at Kentucky College for Women, andGeorgetown College, taught at theUniversity of Tennessee, and is agraduate of the Teachers' CollegeColumbia University. She was a f.W. C. A. worker in France duringthe war. China was Miss Millers'choice "as a mission field, but on application, she was asked to go toBurma, and agreed to do so. She willteach English in a mission school.Her first- task will be to learn thelanguage, one of the three thousanddialects spoken in India. Her schoolwill not be assigned her uuntil shereaches Rangoon, a modern Burmeseseaport of 500,000 people.Questioned as to her preparationsfor leaving, Miss Miller said that thedetails of her outfit and the tre-mendous amount of red tape incidentto her departure made her feel as ifshe were going to housekeeping.Each missionary is allowed two tonsof freight, which must be completelyinvoiced., Among the articles emphasized in the lengthy lisf sent forher assistance were bed, lamps, mirrors, keys and books, Among otherthings, her will must be made out,a copy taken with her, and a copyleft at headquarters. White clothesare used largely in Burma, thoughnot entirely. Clothing must bechanged daily. When laundry timecomes, the wash man takes the garments to the river and beats themout on the rocks. While many European articles may be purchased inBurma, very little American goodsis available. The typical missionaries' house, ma4e for two, is a crossbetween native and English architecture. Each side is occupied byone worker, with a common apartment in the center. The bathroomis a tin sprinkling arrangement,with a sloping floor off which thewater drains. Venetan blinds aieused instead of glass windows. Thewalls never reach the ceiling. Missionaries are given a short summervacation in the hills during Apriland May, the disagreeable part ofthe year. After five year's work,they may have a year's leave of absence with full pay.Miss Miller, through interviewswith returned missionaries and withBurmese delegates to tfie Baptistconvention at Des Moines, haslearned much concerning the Burmapeople.The Burmese, of whom there are12,000,000, are a cross between theChinese and Hindu races. They areSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.PEOPLE OF CUR TOWNMiss Rosina Elder is visitingfriends and relatives in Richmond.James Higgins and Joe Lavinwill leave this week for a sojourn atHot Springs, Ark.Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Tanner, ufPortsmouth, Ohio, are visiting Parisfriends and relatives.Edwin K. Thomas has returnedfrom a business trip to Alabama,where he has farming interests.James Cooper, of Stanford, wasa guest this week of John Ardery,of West Seventh street, in -this city.Mrs. William Cooper and children have returned from an extended visit to relatives in Harrodsburg.Miss Martha Talbott has asguest at her home on Duncan avenue, Miss Elizabeth Pilcher, of Louisville.4 Mrs. L. J. Woodall and threedaughters have gone to Paris,Texas, to visit Mr. and Mrs. JohnO'Brien.Misses Rebecca Purnell andMargaret Hill are guests of Mr. andMrs. John K. Smith and family, iuDayton, Ky.Monroe Sweeney, of Moundsville, West, Va. is here for a visitto his mother, Mrs. John S. Sweeney,on Higgins avenue.Miss Mary JK. Bramblette hasreturned to her liome in Lexington.Hfter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. WolfordEwalt, on Stoner avenue.Henry and Owen Ed. A. Guillion, a nanny-go-lucky sort of people,unopposed, Democrat; George D. fond 0f Singing, dancing and dram.i.Montfort, Jr., unopposed, Republican.Hopkins N. U. Toombs, Democrat. Jessamine Rufus Lisle, Democrat' Johnson and MartinKenton (Sixty-third District)Keofcon (Sixty-fourth District)Inton (Sixty-Fifth District)Xkott and MagoffiaXkoxEa'rae and Nelson B. A. Muster,BtBtocrat.Laurel and Rackcastle-Charles A.kahdler, Republican.Batcher and Perry M. Cornett,Republican.Lewis J. L. Trumbo, Republican.LincolnLogan Race between M. R: Hargam and P. A. Day for Democraticnomination in doubt.Lyon and MarshallMadisonMarionMason H. C. Hawkins, unopposedDemocrat.McCracken C. D. McCull, Democrat. McCreary and WayneMclean T. C. Willis, Democrat.Meade William Boling, Democrat.Menifee and Montgomery S. B.lane, unopposed Democrat.Mercer ana wasnmgxon a. w.SDorsey, unopposed Democrat; A. .M.Wash, unopposed Republican.Metcalfe and MonroeMorganMuhlenberg A. J. McCandless,Republican.Nicholas and Robertson S. H.toore, unopposed, Democrat., Ohio D. H. Godsey, unopposed,Democrat; N. A. Jones, leading inoace for Republican nomination.Oldham and Trimble RaymondButton, Democrat.PikePowell and Wolke Sherman Rob"bins, unopposed, Republican.Pulaski Race between George'Thompson and Benjamin Albetsonfor Republican nomination still indoubt.Scott George C. Waggoner,Democrat.Shelby John E. Brown, unopposed. Democrat.Simpson Dr. W. L. Gossett, unopposed, Democrat.Todd Edgar Hadden, Democrat.Trigg Henry R. Lawrence, unopposed Democrat.Union J. L. Drury, Deomcrat.Warren (Gity District) F. L.Strange, Democrat.Warren (County District) W. G.Wneeler, Democrat.Webster G. W. Bennett, Democrat. . vWoodford D. G. Howard, unop3Poaed Republican.urnMrs. josie ivianer is a patieni aijthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, where she was takenTuesday for an operation.Mr. Sherman Lathram, cashierfor the American Railway ExpressCompany, is spending his vacationwith his parents in Owingsville, Ky.Miss Elizabeth Dean, of Par.?,was a guest several days this weekof her aunt, Mrs. Margaret Sullivan,and her cousin, Miss Frances Sullivan, in Lexington.Alex Howard, son of AttorneyUli J. Howard, of Covington, isspending his holiday vacation iuParis with, Mrs; Belle Brent Alexander, and Mr. and Mrs. Owen L.Davis, and other relatives.The annual reunion of the Prewitt family will take place at Olympian Springs, on Thursday, August25. The reunions are notable evemsin Central Kentucky, and are largelyattended. A number of Bourboncounty people, branches of the Prewitt family, will attend.Mrs. Anna Riggle and granddaughter, Miss Margaret Riggle, haveleturned to their home in Falmouth,after a visit at the home of Jas. E.Taylor and family, in East Paris.They were accompanied by MissFrances Taylor, who will be theirguest for several days.A pretty lawn party was givenMonday evening by Mr. and Mr-s.George Determan, at their home onCypress street, in honor of the ninthbirthday anniversary of their littledaughter, Miss June Determan.Games, efficiently led by Miss Margaret Santen, of the CommunityService Club, music and ice cramcones were thoroughly enjoyed bythe fifty little guests present.Miss Rosina Elder, of Paris, whois visiting in Richmond, was a guestof honor at a dinner given at theBorne Tavern, in Berea, recently,by Miss Eugenia Elder and Mr.Leon Elder, of Richmond. Otherguests were Miss Burch, of BowlingGreen, Miss Lou Wells and themembers of her house party, MissesDorah Lisle, of Winchester, MissAnnabelle Campbell and Mr. CharlesCampbell, both of Irvine.(Other Personate on Page 5)thhowoStthe LIi Gus Hangdog, Nobody's Friend, gotFined for Selling Short-Weights, andhe is going to Ask the Editor not toMention it in the Paper. Gus alwaysknocks the Editor and the Paper, never spends any Jack for Ads, and hashis Envelopes printed out of Town.Gus will get a column on the FrontPage !OLD REGIMENT TO "EETJNE" ATLEXINGTONAnswering the call of Roger D.Williams, of Lexington, Commanderof the old First Kentucky InfantryBrigade, the officers and men of theold organization, which was split upat Camp Shelby during the war,will rally at Lexington during theState Convention of the Legion, September 1st and 2nd, in their firstreunion. Henry J. Stites, of Louisville, (formerly Hopkinsville) , hashad the "paper work" thrust uponhim, and is now busy lining the oldging, which will fight over againthe battles of Ft. Thomas, El Paso,Shelby; and France. Mr. Stitesstates that the three RegimentalCommanders, Wm. A. Colson, ofWashington, (formerly of Louisville)Geo. T. Smith, Beattyville, andmen, swapping old yarns of the barracks and camp fires. Thefe-unionwill bring together Kentuckiansfrom the Big Sandy Valley to thePurchase, many of whom have notseen each other since the old Firstwas split up for over-seas service.oGLAD WE HELPED!Give Them Help and Many ParisPeople Will Be HappierECZEMAMfnrr back without questionSHUNT'S GUARANTEEDmBt DISEASE REMEDIESliat'g Salve and Soap),lail inme treatment sfltch, Eczema,Blaa-wror.Tettf orotheriteh-la !! Tra iiM:atwirMk. rviMiyr k so,Paris, Xy.St?jk.mK. 'iAf I?The women are not secluded as inother Asiatic countries. Rice andtohacco are the chief products.Women smoke as much as men. Lia sense it is the U. S. of Asia theget-rich-quick-country on accountof its great natural resources, ruhies,gold, oriental goods, and tropical,fruits. Insects swarm in everything,"for the Burmese, since they areBrahmans, will destroy no animallife. Yet they do ' not hesitate tobuy meat of butchers. Their plan ofeating would suit many an Americanboy at five a. m. they have "littlebreakfast," and at eleven "bigbreakfast." After a two-hours'siesta at noon, they have early tea,at .five o'clock formal tea, dinner ateight, and supper at bed time. Inthe Burmese written language, thereare no vowels and no space betweenthe words; they write from right toleft, thus making it very difiicultfor a foreigner to learn.The Karens, or hill people, thfirst inhabitants of the country, aremore open to Christianity than theothers. A tradition was held amongthem that once their race had hadthe pure and undefiled religion; thatby some mischance the Word waslost, and that some day a white man-would come and bring it back tothem. When Adoniram Judson, thefirst missionary to Burma, came in1812, they received-him as this long-looked-forman.In Burma, as everywhere else, education and progress go hand inhand with Christianity. Ninety percent, of the students in the schoolsare from Christian families. Theschools are molded after American and English institutions. Thesexes are educated separately untilthey reach college age. Judson College, at Rangoon, does as high classwork as Oxford or Cambridge. Allschools are required by the Britishgovernment to take a certain examination; if they pass this, 4they aregiven government support.Mission work in Burma is almostexclusively Baptist. Bengal Bay isknown as Baptist Bay, for this de-nomination nas circieu lh j. ,ge(. Doana Kidney pnig the sameside churches and schools, it main- t Mrg MattQX had Fog'ter-Mil-tains orphans' nomes, uuapitaia, - c Mf Buffalo. N. Y.leper colonies, ana women a uumra.This year was the Women's GoldenJubilee of the Northern BaptistChurch, and Miss Miller is one ofthe recruits. The church is to becongratulated on gaining the services of such a splendid young woman, and the prayers and goodwishes of Stanford people will gowith lier in her noble work."Throw Out the Life Line"Weak kidneys need help.They're often overworked theydon't get the poison filtered out ofthe blood.Will you help them?Doan's Kidney Pills have broughtbenefit to thousands of kidney sufferers. Ask your neighbor.Paris testimony proves theirworth.Mrs. J. T. Mattox, 905 Pleasantstreet, Paris, says: "Both myselfand husband have used Doan's Kidney Pills with very satisfactory results and so far as my own experience goes I can recommend themvery highly. At times my 'backwould have a weak and painfulfeeling through it and I would bequite dizzy by spells. My kidney3didn't act right either. I beganusing Doan's Kidney Pills and theysoon relieved the trouble, restoringmy strength and giving me betterhealth generally."Price 60c. at all 'dealers. -Don'tTHE NEWS is in receipt of thefollowing letter from Mr. Jos. J.Grosche, Chairman of Publicity forthe big picnic given near Paris onJuly Fourth by P. I. McCarthy Council, Knights of Columbus:"Ed BOURBON NEWS:"Dear Sir: The members of P. I.McCarthy Council No. 1955, Knightsof Columbus, extend their heartythanks for the publicity you helpedto give us and the free notices donoted by you in connection with ourFourth of July picnic, and we assureyou your action is fully appreciated."Yours Truly,"J. J. GROSCHE,"Chairman on Publicity."READ THE ADSIf there's anything you wish,Read the ads,From a hobby horse to a fish,Read the ads;Or a rocking chair or dish,Motor car or Lillie Gish,If there's anything you wish,Read the ads.If you want a railroad ride,' Read the ads,Or a raincoat or a bride,Fead the ads,Or a coat of camel's hide,Or a fattened porker's side,Or the ebbing of the tide,Read theadsIf you want some place to go,Read the ads,If you want to see a show,Read thS" ads,If you'd like to take a row,Buy a pitchfork or a hoe,If you'd cause the wind to blow,Read the ads!If there's anything you need,Read the ads,Lemonade, or a garden seed,Read the ads,You don't have to beg and pleadTill it makes your spirit bleed,Just the things you need' Read the ads!If you want to buy a fence.Read the ads,Make some dollars and some cents,Read the ads,Whether you are wise or dense,It will make no difference,You can get your recompenseRead the ads!CordsFabricsLow Cost MileageFor the Big CarEvery FiskTire is a guar-antee that you will getmileage at a low cost.For satisfaction, safetyand economy you buya "sure tiling" when you 'buy Fisk Tires.You are safe when yoibuy a known and reputable product at a low .priceSold only by DealersWhat Is Every Mother's HopeFor Her Children?Sturdy, energetic children radiating health, area source of pride and joy to their parents. Andtheir "development depends largely on their food.Children, undernourished and unwisely fed areweak and unhealthy, and many times anemic Diseaseeasily grasps them, for their undeveloped constitutions are unable to resist the disease germs.No food will have greater influence in makingyour children vigorous and healthy than Grape-Nuts.Served with milk or cream, Grape-Nuts is an idealbody, brain and nerve food. It is made from wheatand barley. Grape-Nuts offers a high food value,and it is as delicious as it is healthful.Children find delight in the crisp, sweet richness of Grape-Nuts." A dish at breakfast or lunch for a few daysand you'll agree "There's a Reason" for Grape-Nuts-Nutritionand economy combined.Grape-Nuts the Body Builder"There's a Reason"v.MOVE ORGAN OUT "TO PROMOTEHARMONY"Public announcement is made bysolitary remaining officer of tne tfamMinn jiiiiii"i"i"i"i":"i"i"i"i"r"i"r"r"i"i"i'i"2"M"i"i"i"i"i' mmI GEORGE E. 3AVIS ::I UNDERTAKERI Distinctive ServiceBOTHDay137TELEPHONES(NiShtAT9TI4..M"1"H"I' I' 1' I I1 M1 1 !"! 1 IIMIIIHIIIIIMIIHIH(adv)' ,'Wlt'h. odi.bck toa dime; maoyeople -trill oaae worrying aboutl Fordiay tarP bill nd exceryreftits.simply ask for a kidney remedy Hill Church, in Nicholas county,that the organ which is blamed torthe disruption of the congregationwas moved from the building thisweek. He says that it was the"only thing to do in order for BaldHill church to stand, and that woswhat was done." He continues:"We hope all whom the organoffended will return, and of coursewe take it for granted that all whodid not oppose it can worship without it."He says that the first duty of thecongregation will be to seenthajtlieminister's back salary is paid. 7A Sense of Fitneae.Fogg remarks that the world won'tseem quite right to him until "commencement" begins the college terminstead of ending it. Boston Tran-script.o rNot a GoddNemesis sot a goddess, but anywife who has discovered an .IncidentV her haslmntl'f'irfewhlchvbp-wouldjusi as nmift hJivt forgottea. NewMISS E. D. GILTNERPIANO AND VIOLINCITY SCHOOL, PARIS, KY.Term Opens Sept. 5, 1921(5aug-4t-F)C4H4L BROS.BARBER SHOPEveii the critics' of Mr. iHarding'aforeign policy can't deny tkat naHug W "to tka li. tDC 1CINCINNATIand returnria$2.35L & N.--$2.35Sunday, Aug. 14, 19214 WHITE BARBERS-4N Nj KoderaEquipmemt.-Expert 3mL Ptlite SemeTL&T IKS COLS BATEFSpecial train will IsaTt. Farta m8:10 a. m .: returnlar "w4H 1amPourtk Straa Statia. nil Jiang1:31 . m., tanferi tf4 ft?! a.mty TUua). For'(atf4SJ9.THE BOURBOtf NEWSi PARli, KENTUCKYFRIDAT, AUGUST 12, im. :PAGKFQCKOfficial Vote of Bourbon County Primary Election August 6, 1921In Special SaleJaileSheriffJailerTax CommissionerClPooOoh3poi-4CDwWPPpooPiaP.2oBifPRECINCTS.NEW LINE OF--Paris No. 1 . . . .Paris No'. 2Paris No. 3 . . . . , : .Paris No. 4Paris No. 5Paris No. 6 . . . )Paris No. 7Paris No. 8Paris No. 9Paris No. 10Millersburg No. 1 . .'Millersburg N,o. 2 ..Millersburg No. 3 . .Millersburg No. 4 . .Flat Rock No. 1 .Flat Rock No. 2 . .Flat Rock No. 3 . .N. "M. Town No. 1 . .N. M. Town No. 2 . .N. M. Town No. 3 . .Clintonville No. 1 . .Clintonville No. 2 . .Clintonville No. 3 . .Hutchison No. 1 . .Hutchison No. 2 . .Centerville No. 1. . .Centerville No. 2 .Centerville No. 3 . .. Ruddles Mills No. 1Ruddles Mills No. 2Ruddles Mills No. 3TotalMajorities216'243189256240142137591008512211349349261117113111257795829557766857811880313961844936773310182193752366607512'11141028311581464749156110428157541 42561 76151646. 5554267553812689183592091954241203273365424621536016331116541657J21881631791601901861078829786165742819926795121018852642535535744755478792727225341141934273112105616440215874i70599242533125923756638504916191929132116331857115511474772171280774916141115973311191'638169793129v. 2322241047550203166257j3421524327319'98202321286537733321486722184112512948269212113131113126778167016451716242035. 52401432.17221611314991151421261661151089773734224219222321393937284218162834111236.71391815998251151521411081291368215604996692231242564121788614729304730195275552019003664669836841361829356470243451267140215261314343353394412045211353509961110663448303021413523317552381721676281713563034462859295&1534BOUBBON WMAN BUYS CYNTHIANA BUSINESSThe Cynthiana Log Cabin in a recent issue, has the following itemof interest to many Bourbon countypeople:"Mr. Homer Whitaker has sold his-restaurant and soda fountain business on Pike street to Mrs. MattieO. Howard, of Georgetown who hastaken possession and will be readyfor business to-morrow morning.Mrs. Howard is a daughter of thelate George Pugh, of this county,and is the widow of Victor Howard,who was born and reared at Ruddles Mills, and was engaged in business in Georgetown for fourteenyears."WINDSTORMS COMINGINSURE YOUR BUILDINGSAGAINST DAMAGE BY WIND A3WELL AS EIRE, WITH(1-tf ) YERKES & PEED.MBiil iMUM"! liMMimffcOEnCAILRELIGIOUS.VOTE OFPARIS.CITY OPVOTE IN CITY FOR MAYORE. B. January 795JohnMerringer 580Prof. Edward Ford, who is vis- B. C. Parrish 531iting his sisters, the Misses Ford, on F. E. Nelson 70High street, conducted prayer-meet- J. w. Brown 66ingservices at the Methodist church January's Majority, 214Wednesday night. Prof. Ford is a imember of the faculty of a largeschool in Maryland. He is a formerParisian.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, has returnedfrom Berry, in Harrison county,VOTE FOR COUNCILr 1ST WARD.Base Ball"West Second StreetParkParis Rugglesvs.Winchester HustlersSaturdayAugust 13thParis RugglesW. W. Mitchell 588Win. Kenney 545Geo. D. Speakes 43 8VJames W. Connell 259where he has been conducting a re- John Christman 213vival ifi the Christian church. The John J. Williams 234meeting closed with fiefteen addi-tions to the congregation, fourteen SECOND WARDof which were by confession. 'Rev. O. J. Steger, pastor of the Frank W. Skillman 444Brighton Baptist church, at New- Curtis Henry 400port, has declined a call to the Bap- Bernard J. Santen 3941 tist church, at Cynthiana, to sue- R. C. Ruggles 333ceed Rev. Dr.- C. W. Elsey, who re- Frank P. Kiser 368signed to take up college work. Rev. Catesby Spears 192Steger is at present conducting a re-vival in Newport. 3RD WARDAt the closing session of the- Geo. L. Doyle ..190Bracken Baptist Association, held C. F. Redmon '..155last week in Carlisle, after an ur- J. T. Tuecker 112gent invitation had been given byLocust Grove, Maysville and Mil- .lersburg churches to meet with them MAYSVILLE ROAD TRANSFERREDnext year, it was decided to meet in TO L. & N.Millersburg -on the first Wednesdayand Thursday in August, 1922. The The Maysville & Lexington Railmeeting which closed the past week r0ad Company, Southern Division,was said to have been the best for bv a deea fiied for reCord Wednesmany years. ay in the county Clerk's office, atA tent meeting Progress Lexi t transfers to the Loui3on the city lot, near Lilleston ave- p -vr . -n t-i j rnue, conducted by Evangelists Hum- V1e & Nashville Railroad Companymell Wade and Gebhardt. Services 17.69 miles of railway betweenare held each evening at 7:30 o'clock. Paris and Lexington, together withLarge crowds are attending these all the property and estate of themeetings. Last night Evangelist party of the first part. It is statedGebhardt, who was for years a in the deed that the L. & N. is theClown with the John Robinson owaer of all the capital stock of theCircus, told the story of his life and M sville company and has 0peratconversion, and preached a remark- adably eloquent sermon.The Standard Training School, years,conducted under the auspices of the oStSSSWS ATTEHTION, TOBACCO GROWERS.session at the Kentucky Wesley an rt l-.-.,- ,College in Winchester. The follow- ALL WHO ARE DESIROUS OFing from Paris are taking credit SIGNING THE CO-OPREATJVEcourses: Sadie Fuller, in Junior BURLEY TOBACCO MARKETINGMethods; Mrs. C. H. Greer, Dennis ASSOCIATION CONTRACT AREV. Snapp, in Principles or eacn- A SITED TO fiATX AT TH"! OWTfiF,VS.CynthianaSUNDAYAugust 14th" Come one and 'all and root for theJiome team.F. L. HUDSONSuccessor to. FRED WECKESSERBiys and Sells UsedGoods infurnitureStoveand everything in theHouseholdFurnishingLineGIVE ME A CALLUKCKESSEIfi OLD STANDStc412ing; Rev. C. H. Greer, m TneMethodist Church- and Its "Work;Misses Ruth Woodward, Maude Taylor and Elizabeth Greer, in Pupils'"Work.AT THE COURT HOUSE, WHERETHEY WILL BE RECEIVED WITHALL COURTESY. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SEE EVERONE IN PERSON. IF YOU ARE INTERESTEDIN THE CONTRACT Ttf THAT EXTENT, CALL AT THE OFFICE ANDSIGN UP. (26-tfOld Mattresses MadeLike NewIf you have an old mattress youare thinking about throwing away,don't do it until you have consultedus. We can make it like new at asmall cost.PARIS BEDDING CO.Cumb. Phone 1042.The FairPRESBYTERIAN CHURCHAll who may be interested inDisarmament are invited to attendthe services of the Presbyterianchurch Sunday morning. The subject of the sermon by the pastor,Rev. T. S. Smylie, will be "Disarmament The Need of The Time." jA Special invitation is given to the .members of the Commercial Club, jthose interested in the CommunityService, and those who are interested in the church baseball teams,to attend the night service. Thesubject of the sermon will be "CatchStep." Such community activitiesas the above .mentioned will betreated. All who are interested inthese subjects "will appreciate thethought and purpose of the sermon, ii Services at the regular hours. Preach-ing at 10:45 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.,Sunday School at 9:30, Christian En- jdeavor at 6:45 p. m. Everybody,welcome. IRev. T. S. Smylie has returned Here are some new 'low pricesfrom his vacation and will resume especially reduced for Friday andregular services at Hopewell church Saturday and no reason for you toon the second and fourth Sundays pay any more.nt Tio mrmfh. Preap.hiTiep at. TTnnp-. t ,. nii t-i.x i.w -w .. . 0 xr r 1 jdl HH 1 III! I HK KSIfMlK Unpn MXTin Mouse Traps, 5. holes, 10 c.fllaoc? TTTooTi Tinn-frlcs Villi Cinnof the Presbyterian church will meet - ' 'Sunday evening at 6:45. The sub- e 6iC' ,.,. r ,. .ject will be: "True Temperance in Heayy Pure W116 Wash BasmHeart and Life." Leader, Henry J wiU never forSet the price, eachFisher. . 3 9 c.o Pure White Oval Shape Dish Pan,GERMANY WETTER THAN EVER t0 fit sink each 51-49-iAccording to official statistics Granite Covers, each $1.59.issued by the Cologne Prohibition-1 Heavy Pure White Water Pails,ists Congress, the drink traffic in 12-quart size, each $1.69.Germany, which had decreased, dur-j Aluminum Pudding Pans, 1ing the war, is again increasing .size, each 29c.well at 3 p. m. Sunday afternoon, j"The Christian Endeavor Society tconsiderably. Ten million bottlea of ichampagne were sold in Germanylast year, whea tea tbousamd mil-Wellsbach Gas Mantels (Reflex)ach 18c.Tin Top Jelly Tumblers, -pintHon markf wtre tpemt on. aleofeolic j e, JJc a oen.litaon.wl LrKDRESSESBought Under Exceptional Conditions andPlaced on Sale at$14.98Stylish models that are ready for earlyfall wear. Colors: Navy, Black, Sand;Gray, Brown. Actual values, $30 to$39.50.A few of them on display in ourwindows; 'HARRY SIMON224 W. Main Street Lexington, KentuckyIB-FARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00 mgHhHeSI 3 "T H jfrji-iHhBII L 's"v-'--'.,c.''".v.v;:;; H . iMto qy sank -'lHHH90B l tM y's. s. mtMMM.. BflfflHHHH ; . Ha mm '4a9feeSAiaiaMtMSv5jJ vr j. 3mi ,;, k,mWf &)wEBkS l HB- --B !ziJIr & KHAn IRflHl iH TO OUR bank - invbbHbbHHbk9bb''' bJVbbHb!bIhbM "iiTT H - m IBaBKgttBfjBBfr J MKWBMBt- I 1 - M suJL4ZJ2. jS jar j.iCheck Protectionwithout a MachineGiven Without Costto Our 'DepositorsnpO combat the numerous frauds caused byA sraising" checks, we have adopted the Picytectu Check System. Each Protectu check has aseries of numbers lithographed in indelible ink atthe end of each check like a money order. Bya cutting device provided with each check book,the end can be torn so that the highest amountindicated on the margin of the check representsthe maximum amount of check.This special sise business check book, three checksto a page, is suitable for all business firms,Protectu checks mayalsobehadintwo pocket sises.If you arc considering opening a checking account, by all means come in and see this additionalinivicB that we arc giving free to our patrons.EQUALLY PRACTICAL FOR POCKET,DESK AND PAY ROLL USE 'WE PAY 3 PER CENT ONSAVINGS ACCOUNTSVPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust ChIs lf rUH74"i JL yft!"S ww- -? 'it.t-9C"Z.?FPBSWBppwiPW!lPB?V- - s-r'i. V' v -VF" FRIDAY, ATJGUST 12, 1921.iMMTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTTTCMPACT Wf'pHl'F'afT VCerjijSI Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseFANCY TIP TOP CANTELOUPESHEADY POR THE TABLE.We are receiving Fancy Tip TopCanteloupes every day.(12-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.BIRTH AITNOimCEMEKtSTHE BOURBON NEWS carries instock a handsome line of beautifullyengraved birth announcement cards.Just the thing to send relatives andintimate friends after the arrival ofthe new heir. Call at THE NEWSoffice, and see our samples.oIMPORTANT MEETING OF WOMAN'S CLUB.The Bourbon .County Woman'sClub Community Service Department, will hold a very importantmeeting at the residence of MissLucy Simms, Saturday at 4 p. m.The chairman, 'Mrs. T. H. Clay, Jr.,desires a full attendance at thismeeting.APPOINTED ADMINISTRATORIn the Cpunty Court, Wednesday,Judge George Batterton appointedCharles M. Skillman, of Paris, asadministrator of the estate of hisfather, Andy J. Skillman, who diedseveral days ago. Mr. Skillman accepted the trust and qualified byfurnishing bond in the sum of $10,000, with I. B. Skillman as surety.oHEP BROKEN IN FALLWhile working in the yard at herhome in Millersburg, Mrs. SarahThorn, aged resident of that city,fell, suffering a fracture of the hipbone. She was taken to St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, where hercondition was reported yesterday asbeing critical. Her daughter, Mrs.John Purdy, and, her son, ThomasThorn, both of 'Millersburg, are withher.AN ERROR CORRECTEDIn making up the returns fromthe primary election for Tuesday'sNEWS the name of Catesby Spearswas, in some way, substituted forthat of Curtis Henry as Councilmanfrom the Second Ward. The figures,400, -were right, but the names, Lithe hurry and bustle of preparingcopy, in some way became mixedup. The Second Ward nominees -areCurtis Henry, Frank Skillman andBernard J. SantCn.MARGOLEKTS EXTRA SPECIALFOR THIS WEEKFancy Breakfast Bacon "bythe Piece, per pound 25cSliced : -.30cThe above specials for this weekonly.JffARGOLEN MEAT MARKET.(8-2t)l-O'WHAT ABOUT PARIS TELEPHONERATES?Pre-war telephone rates will soonprevail in Richmond again. At theregular meeting of the City CouncilThursday night a resolution wasadopted giving the Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph Company thenecessary sixty days' notice that therates on phones in the city must goiback to the rates which prevailedbefore the war-time increase wasallowed by the Council.3M0PRTANT NOTICE TO TOBACCOMEN.SAM CLAY, COUNTY CHAIRMAN, AND JOHN WILLIE JONES,COMMITTEEMAN, WILL SPEAKTO THE TOBACCO GROWERS ATHUDDLES MILLS THIS (IDAY)EVENING, AT 6:30 O'CLOCK, INTHE INTEREST OF THE CO-OPERATIVEBURLEY TOBACCO MARKETING PLAN. THIS MEETINGWAS ADVERTISED FOR LASTNIGHT, BUT HAD TO BE'CHANGED.CARD FROM M. PEALE COLLIERI am deeply grateful to the manyiriends who contributed to the honorhestowed upon me, Saturday, Aug. 6,in nominating me for the .office ofSheriff.My deputies, Mr. Gilkey and Mr.Thomas, whose friends contributedlargely to my success through the entire campaign, join me in this expression of appreciation.M. PEALE COLLIER.MRS. G. W. BRAMBLETTE ISSTRICKEN BY PARALYSISMrs. George W. Bramblette, agedfifty-nine, of Winchester, widow ofGeorge W. Bramblette,. who diedihree weeks ago at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, suffered a strokeVf paralysis at her home near Winchester, Tuesday night. The stroke-effected her entire left side, and fora time her speech was impaired.Yesterday, however, reports fromlier home on the Paris pike, wereto the effect that she had partly re-- -DT-.Tnhle.tte and fcus-JmA formerly rssid mar fitters-ana boia wu--w- Y. -m m rtmlaSOCIAL Aim PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.J. E. Woods left Wednesday fora visit to friends and relatives inBaltimore, Md.Miss Esther Boatright is illwith typhoid fever at her home onWalker avenue.Dr. J. T. Ware, of Danville,was the guest of his mother, Mrs.Alice Ware, Sunday.Dr. George S. Varden is atMiwagco Springs, near Milan, Indiana, for a short sojourn.Mrs: E. C. Poplin, of Paris, is aguest of Mrs. May D. Moss and Mrs.Mae Shrout, in Winchester.Martin Khan, of Eminence, is aguest at the home of his niece, Mrs.Lawrence Price, in this city.Mrs. Hoffman Wood, of Mr..Sterling, is visiting her father, H.C. Whaley, and family, in this city.Mrs. Alice Ware and granddaughter left yesterday for a stayat Graham Springs, near Harrodsburg. Wm. H. Taylor has returned tohis home in Falmouth, after a visitto his brother, J. E. Taylor in EastParis.Mrs. F. E. Nelson, who has beenvery ill for some time, was reportedyesterday as being considerablybetter.Mrs. J. Frank Trisler, of Eighthstreet, is visiting her parents,", Mr.and Mrs. Richard Legg, in Handley,West Va.Misses Edith and Mamie Stiversare camping at Mammoth Cave witha party of friends from Louisvilleand Newport.Miss Maude Taylor is attendingBible .Training School in Winchester as delegate from the MethodistSunday School.Misses Julia Gardner and DaisyTaylor have returned to their homesin Lexington after a visit to MissNancy Young, in 'this city.Miss Mattie Baldwin left lastnight for a visit to her brothers,James and Robert Baldwin, inJaeger and Graham, Virginia.Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell B. Jackson returned Wednesday night froma sojourn at Cedar Point, Ohio, afamed summer resort on Lake Erie.Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger have moved from the apartments on Pleasant street to theirnew home on Wesfy Seventh street.Misses Gladys and Nora Sharp,of Bloomington, 111., and FlorenceNorthcott, of Falmouth, are guestsof Miss Hilda Taylor, in East Paris.Mrs. Louis Lilleston and daughters, Elizabeth and Dorothy, havereturned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. J. T. McGrath, in Harrodsburg. Miss Frances Clay and Messrs.Turney and Harry B. Clay, Jr., havemoved from "their farm to the residence of Mrs. Edna McMillan, onStoner avenue.Miss Frances Kenney, of Paris,is a member of a camping party incamp at the Herndon Camp, on theForks of Elkhorn, in Scott county,near Georgetown.Miss Juliet Turner was hostessrecently at the home of her motheMrs. Edward Turner, on the Clint6nville pike, near Paris, with a danceand card party. ,Mrs. Mary Shropshire and twodaughters, of Los Angeles, Cali.,are guests of Mrs. Mollie Rice andMiss Lillie Williams, at their homeon Pleasant street.Mrs. C. K. Mullens and son;Clarence, have returned to theirhome at Latonia, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. B. R. Locknane andfamily, on Second street.Misses Elizabeth Stuart Carterand Kate Clarke, of Louisville, whoare visiting friends and relatives inParis, attended the dance given inWinchester, Tuesday night.John VanMeter Woodford entained about fifty young people Monday afternoon at the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford, near Paris, with a dance.The young men of the Shawhanvicinity will give a moonlight danceand fete at Shawhan to-night. Musicwill be furnished by the RackitQuartette and refreshments will beserved.Louis Grosche, of Paris, is incharge of the Winchester office of thePostal Telegraph Co., in the absenceof Manager Ben Salender, who, witha party of friends, is camping nearBoonesboro.Leonard Whalen, son of Mr. andMrs. Mark Whalen, of near Parte,who recently underwent an operation at the Clark County Hospital,in Winchester, has returned, to hisSenator and Mrs. E. L. Worthington and daughter, Miss LeslieWorthington,.have returned to theirhome in Maysville, after spendingseveral days as guests of Mr. and Mrs.E. P. Claybrook, near Hutchison,home, srreatly improved.Misses Martha Talbott and El-'meta Hinton, of Paris, attended thedance given' in Winchester, Mondayevening, as guests of Miss EmilyPrewitt. Miss Lillian Martin, jfParis, and Miss Ruth Allen, of Mil-,lersburg, also attended the dance.Landen Templin, who has beenspending his vacation with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin,and family, in this city, has returned to his home in Philadelphia. Mr.Templin, who was graduated fromthe college of engineering of theUniversity of Kentucky with theclass of 1912, is a mechanical engineer in Philadelphia. iThe "August Dance," given atthe Masonic Temple, Wednesdrnight by Vail Baldwin and James CMcClintock, was largely attended.The young people had a most enjoyable time from nine to three, musicfor the dancers being furnished bySmith's Sextette. There was a largeattendance from the surroundingtowns. . 'Social activities have been theorder of the day with our countrycousins this week. Dances have be.ngiven at the home of sereral nearParis Last night an enjoyablemoonlight fete and dance was givenby the young ol of tk Jacksonville vicinity. To-nifet the entertainment wtU fc Tat4 at Snaw-,han by the young people of that vicinity. Mr.Shy Owsley, of Robertson,county, is the guest of Paris relatives. Miss Marie Antoinette Fister, isvisiting relatives in Cincinnati andCovington.Miss Nannie Miller left yesterday morning for an indefinite stayin Cincinnati.Dr. Avonia E. Kiser left Wednesday for Rochester, Minn., on professional business.Mr. Pearling, of The LeaderStore, is in New York, making purchases for the dry goods departmentof the store'.Miss Jessie Elizabeth Orr, ofLouisville, and Mr. Edward Pruett,of Newport, are guests of Dr. JamesA. Orr and family.Mrs. W. Hoffman Wood has returned to her home in Mt. Sterlingafter a visit to her father H. C.Whaley, and family, in this city.Mrs. J. W. Casey and daughter,Bettie Mcllvaine, of Danville, areguests of her grandmother, Mrs.John W. Mcllvaine, of Fifteenthstreet.Miss Helen Hutchinson, ofRavenswood, West Va., is a guest ofher sister, Mrs. T. S. Smylie, andRev. Smylie, at their home on Duncan avenue.Mr. and "Mrs. Edward Richardsentertained at their home in thiscity with a birthday dinner in honorof Mr. Richards and Mrs. J. W.Cooper, of Winchester.During the absence of W. C.Gentry, who is at West Baden, Ind.,with a party of Paris men, his position as clerk at the Windsor Hotelis being supplied by J. C. Lail.Miss Ollie Chambers of Paris, isspending a few days in Nicholasvillewith her father, J. R. Chambers,before going to Dayton, Ohio, tovisit her sister, Mrs. H .L. Bannister. Harry C. Horton, of Paris, whohas been visiting his parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. L. Horton, near Paris,has returned to Shelbyville, wherehe will be engaged, for several yearby the J. P. Taylor Tobacco Co.Mrs. James Connelley and Mr.and Mrs. George Ray, of Paris, werecalled to Carlisle by the serious illness of Mrs. James Clancy, who -wasreported yesterday as being somewhat improved. Mrs. Clancy is themother of Mrs. Connelley and Mrs.Ray.Carlisle Mercury: "The manyfriends of Mrs. Fred Huffstettcrwill regret to learn that she is in acritical condition in the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris. It wnsI thought Mrs. Huffstetter was recov1 ering, but several days ago her condition became worse, and fears are, now entertained for her recovery."I Miss Josie Maher, of Cincinnati,!has been taken to the Massie Memo-rial Hospital, in this city, to beoperated on. Miss' Maher is a sisterof Mrs. T. J. Calnan, of Houston Ave.,with whom she has been residingfor several months, and of John P.Maher and Thomas Maher, of thecounty.Mr. and Mrs. Owen L. Davis ardMrs. Belle Brent Alexander havemoved from the old Davis propertyon Pleasant street to their new home,the Mitchell property, on the samestreet. The home they vacated isbeing occupied by Mr. and Mrs.Withers Davis.(Other Personals on Page 3)v .AEIS COMMERCIAL CLUBAt a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Paris Commercial Club,held in the Club offices, plans werelaid for a number of actiyities to beundertaken' during the month ofSeptember. Among these will be aseries of group meetings of the Commercial Club members, in whicheach member will be asked to express his views on what the organization should do for the development of the city. From these expressions a program of work will bemade to guide the activities of theClub. Another matter discussed atthe meeting was the holding of ajoint meeting with the directors ofthe Bourbon County Farm Bureauto agree on methods of co-operation.v -yIThe squirrel whoremembers in thesummer thatwinter is comingis held up as amodel of efficiency,yet he hasnothing on theman who buys hisFall Clothes now,while the stocksare mostcompletein ourCustom , vTailoringDepartment.BttMaaaaMflThis Is A11 1 FOR 101tor usFOR YOU the reverse is true. We have positivelymarked all summer merchandise below cost and replacement values, in order to clear our stock and makeroom for Fall Goods.Of the 50 Men'sRecently Advertised to Sell for $16.95the Following Remain:Size 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 4012552211We Expect to Clean Them Out This Week. Hurry!We Were Able to Procure 1 0Dozen 'More of Those -WorkShirts59cNo Straw or Panama Hat inthe House Over$2.50r tm.i ihii .ir m mr,vwmwumwimwmmmmrfeS 1 &2) mGood Quality Cross Bar Muslin Athletic Union Suits$1.25 Value79c3 Suits for $2.25Every Boy's Suit Reduced inPrice from 25 to 50 PerCent. Good Time to Get HisSchool Suit.The give you just a faint idea of what we are doing IVlany,many more of such values await you.LEWIS WOLLSTEINwmrnmrnmwmwmmmmtimmmfmmywMmlffyrnmmnm..iaii fhkfci.ai !!.Now is the Time You NeediTfcOSaaeMifctMfA'WffinaPORCH IN RDlandVUDOR SHADESLmmmmWVtninalorimW&'kmmmmmuummmmmMand now is the time we are closingout all merchandise of this kind at M9MfWfwmGREATLY REDUCED PRICES. M'Make your selection to-day. PORCH SHADESSELF-HANGINGi imm vWW- rIf it comesfrom DevisitliSridhtJrColumbia Srafonolass are the only ones with theNon-Set Automatic Stop"vPlay Columbia. Records on Columbia MachinesTHE J J1. H1NT0N CO.EITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hftars Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingvWW F""','rtV . 'r 4v VjS "si?' V- jg, ! ,r PACK SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KKNTTCSTRtDAr; AUGUST l,.lti.4V,"'." JA !fX-FACE FAMINE INNEWFOUNDLANDDoctor Grenfell, "Angel of Labrador," Issues Appeal for Re-lief of Fisherfolk.'-BREAD APPROACH OF WINTERIHunger and Companion Miseries ofPoverty Are' Acute Because theFishermen Have Been Unable.' to Sell Product of Labor.New York. Dr. Wilfred T. Grenfell, "angel of Labrador," has joined.forces with William Willard Howard,fluid the Christian Work of New York,ifa the campaign, to relieve destitutionIn Newfoundland by providing a market for the codfish upon which thoueands In that country depend for livelihood. Hunger and companion miseries ofpoverty are acute in Newfoundland beicause the fishermen have been unable to sell the product of their labor.jDr. Grenfell came to New York a fewdays ago from Labrador whither heIliad 'gone after a. conference here withMr. Howard, director of t"he NeWrifoundland relief work, and Dr. Fred'erlck Iynch, treasurer of the fund..- Fisherfolk on Verge of Famine.Vi Dr. Grenfell reported finding deiplorable conditions among the famjflies of the fishermen, and the indusjtry of the country in a truly sad state.He says: "I have just received ajmessage from Mr. Ed Grant of BlanciSablon, Labrador, asking if I can help'there, as 'great destitution prevails.''I am afraid that it will be very serlous by winter. I sent him a coupleiof hundred dollars to fit out some fewifishermen."At Twillingate only one-half of theinormal number of fishermen are beingfitted out. The savings are beingdrawn steadily from most of the(banks, both in the outports and In StJohns. I have that on the evidence-of the bankers. We are starting thenew hospital building at Twillingate.'That is a help."Doctor Grenfell is planning to tourthrough Newfoundland on his reliefmission.Mr. Howard, discussing the discouraging reports from Labrador, commented :"Twillingate is the largest and mostprosperous place in Newfoundland outside of St Johns. If Twillingate can.fit out-only half her fishermen for the'.season's fishing, it is a black outlook. " for the rest of the island. Blanc Sab-'-'Ion Is an important fishing port atthe entrance to the straits of Belleilsle., Foresees Severe Winter."If destitution prevails there now,,1 hesitate to think what Doctor Gren-"fell will find as he goes north."Much of the destitution could berelieved if one of my ships could leavefor the Labrador coast now filled tothe deck beams with flour, vegetables,.molasses and fishery salt A dollarof help now would be worth $10 innext winter's inevitable famine."Soon the suffering people areihemmed in by Ice."The committee Is now engaged in a- jprogram of relief which will aid the" tarving Newfoundlanders and at the-came time provide food for families-made homeless and suffering in thiscountry on account of the Colorado-flood. It is offering the fish for salefor $10 for a 100-pound box, and purchasers who do not want fish for theirown use may direct that it be sentto the Colorado refugees. Thus foodwill go to hungry Americans and themoney which pays for it will go to theNewfoundland fishermen.'JUGOSLAVIA'S ARMY COSTLYjWar Department Is to Take Half of' Total Government Budget forNext Year.s Belgrade, Jugoslavia. The war deipartment of the new kingdom of Jugoslavia will cost 2,000,000,000 dinars,one-half the government's total b.udget,4 .In the next fiscal year, despite vigorous efforts by the minister of finance.to reduce expenses. This is a reduction of 500,000,000 dinars from the estimates asked for by the war ministry. The total budget estimates were6,000,000,000 dinars but this has been.reduced to 4,000,000,000. The nominalexchange value of a dinar Is about 19cents but at the present rate it is worthabout three cents.'Find Fossilized Bonesof Prehistoric AnimalThe Pas, Man. Discovery ofwhat he believes to be the fossilized remains of a huge prehistoric animal in the Pasq.uai hilis,near here, was reported byDr. Ells of the Dominion geological department He saidhe found the bones disconnected, but in alignment, and thatthey measured 40 feet inlength. He was unable to saywhat class of animal the resmIbs belonged to. Eightyimdt of bones were broughtbare by Dr. MIm for shipmentts Ottawa.-&.......t-..---""" ' ' i - At tParrot Saved FriendFrom Going to. Jailf When Mr. and Mrs. Paul John- ?I son of Chicago went away fdr aI brief vacation, Mrs. Johnsonasked Edward Peterson, her ?! brother, to go to the flat and If water and feed the canaries and fi parrot Peterson lost the keyI and was climbing in the windowwhen neighbors called the po-I lice. The desk sergeant laughed I4 at his explanation, but the boy finsisted that if the sergeant if would accompany him to the flat f! he would prove het was all right, if So they went back. ?"Hello, Polly," said Peterson.I Hello, Ed," replied the bird, f? "How's the boy? Whatcha got j! on yer hip?" Ii The sergeant allowed Peter- fi son his liberty....(......-'HOPE TO COME BACKDeported Radicals Are FleeingFrom Soviet Rule.Reported to Be Greatly Disappointedat What They Found in the"Promised Land."Eiga, Latvia. Lltte groups of Kus-sian-Americans,who were deported orvolunteered to go from America tosoviet "Russia, are trickling backacross the Latvian frontier from theland of the Bolshevik! very frequentlythese days. -All hope to get back tothe United States.These emigrants, according to American consular officials, who hear theirstories and have to tell them there isnot much chance for them to getback, are greatly disappointed withwhat they found in the "promisedland."They tell of starvation and longrides in trains so packed with peoplethat there is scarcely 'room to breathe.Besides- those who have succeededin getting to Latvia, there are manyothers who have . written friends inRiga asking, for money from America.The Moscow correspondent of theRiga- Rundschau writes as followsabout the Russian-Americans insidethe country:The numbers of Russian communists expelled from America, who withwry faces are selling their last goodsand chattels on the Moscow marketplaces, are increasing every day."The soviet government is doing itsutmost to keep these people abovewater by giving them even whole factories to run and manage. But as.these factories are very much rundown, even American spirit and energy is not sufficiently strong to setthem in operation."A little better, off are those of theimmigrants who have managed to takewith them from America their toolsor goods produced by their trade. Suchpeople are doing a big business and'can afford to live well. Thus, oneparty of -emigrants has succeeded ininstalling a small sewing factory containing about 300 sewing machines."Formerly the soviet governmentsimply would have confiscated thislucrative enterprise, but at presentthe government is a little wary, themore so as in this case they have todowith immigrants whom they makea point of treating with the greatestpossible courtesy and consideration."Quite recently there arrived aparty of Americans whose specialtyIs the construction of small dwellinghouses. They are welcomed and aidedby the soviet government"RIDS RADIO OF BIG BUGBEARMarconi Succeeds in Sending WirelessMessage Without Interference byStatic Disturbances.London. Guglielmo Marconi, whohas just returned to London, announces that for the last few weekshe has been testing a new method ofwireless telegraph reception wherebyhe was enabled to receive messagesfrom the United States continuouslywithout interference by static disturbances. Sig. Marconi regards this as an advance of the greatest importance, enabling wireless service to be (conducteddespite atmospheric disturbances forthe entire period of 24 hours, at highspeed most of the time.IT'S ALL UP TO YOU, KING!Blunt -but Well Meaning AmericanInvites Royalty to Join.Rotaries.London. The reputation whichAmericans have of blunt speaking evenIn the face of royalty is likely to beenhanced by a remark that passed between King George and Mr. Klumph ofCleveland, O., on the occasion of theRotarians' reception at Buckinghampalace the other day.King George affably said to Mr.THumph that he; too, would like to become a Rotarian. ""I don't see what is to stop you,"said Mr. Klumph.Fire Menaces Tax Returns.Washington. A, billion dollar ofUncle Sam's revenue is daily endangered by4 fire hazards, Internal Revenue Commissioner Blair stated. 'Taxretmrns, involving payment of bilHml dollars,, are -now housed in JHmsytssspsrary bmlMij-fs; tk com-sriseionREPORT OF STATE COMMISSIONs' JGovernor Heartily Commends Recommendations MadeAfter Months of StudyState Educational Commission sitting in the office of Mr. Alexander G.Barret, its Secretary.The Preliminary Report of the Commission With Governor's Approval Across the Bottom Is Given BelowHon. Edwin P. Morrow,,OoTernor of 'Kentucky,Frankfort, fcs&ekyihs Cosdsoion eppointad y yu pursuant to tho Art approvalUerch 2, .1920 to ncko c survgy of tho public educational eystaa of thr.State and to "report ito findings with recosasndaiionB for iatproveaantV7to the Governor, ias conpletod-its field work nmJ-lo nor encaged in prer paring its report wiich will be in your bands prior to the neetiqg ofthe next Legislature, ffe have already proceeded far enough to call yourattention to one feature of our systexa, the inproveasnt of which is fundamental to the future development of our schools.The upbuilding of e sound systea of public schools which will.give our children educational opportunities worthy of the state asd whichwill give country boys and girls as good educational opportunities aa cxenjoyed. by city boys and girls depends at botton on efficiency -and continuity of administration. The cities are core or less independent. Thcychoose their cuperintendeniof schools on tho basis of cocpetence. The,care and direction of the country schools is in the hands of the CountySuperintendents and the State Superintendent of Public Instruction. TheCounty Superintendents ere now for the first tine cboson by the CountyBoards of Education, a great step in cdvance. The State Superintendent'alone, resaino c political officer. The interest of our schools deaandsthat the office of the Stcte Superintendent of Public Instruction 'shellcease to bo & political office ted that our schools cecoo to be edsinicterefI.on political lines. The Stcte Superintendent, should be tn educator whosequalifications end tern should be fixed by the Legislature or by e Bpexdof Education created by the.Logislature. -" 'At the. general election,1 next November, there rill be aubaittedto the votero of the State tvo constitutional caendnents, one taking theoffice of the State Superintendent of Public Instruction out of the listof elected state 'Offices, the other freeing a part of the public schoolfunds to equalize educational opportunities and to encourage needed isprovenents. Unless these tvo ccendcents are adopted our hands are tiedexd educational progress in Kentucky; is dooced to be exceedingly slow.tie reeonaend through you to the people of the State that the6Ctive help of every person and-every organisation, educational, agricul-turcl, coBcercial end industrial, begiven to the passing of these two constitutional c&endaente eo decisively that the whole state will realize thatwe have started upon e prograc that will give both city and country boyend girls educational opportunities as good es those provided by any StateIn the Union.-VeryCOLVIN SAYS SCHOOL BOOKSMUST BE EEADYThere must be a sufficient num-fDer of distributing agents in everycounty ip the State to meet the convenience of the schools in supplyingschool books," said Superintendentof Public Instruction George Colvin,mcuuimuuuauons sent to countyschool superintendents innnirinp- ifthey have been unable to get any orall of the books ordered."There is no reason," he said"why a sufficient supply of booksshould not be secured in advance ofthe. opening of schools. Kentuckyhas suffered enough from her inability to secure text books as thochildren need them. We ought tohave done with excuses and demandthe books themselves. In the eventof failure to supply any bookswhen ordered, I am anxious to knowwhere the fault lies, whether it bethe depository or the publisher."- -wPURE GASOLINE SPURTS EROMOLD TOWN PUMPCitizens of the town of Bandanna, Ky., are wondering howcomparatively pure gasoline got inthe old town well. These citizens,deciding to put the old well to useagain, after it had been in disusefor more than five years, started uwork drawing off what they thoughtwould be stagnant water. Instead,what tested pure gasoline was takenoff. After thirty gallons had beendrawn, water was secured. ? ,-i'JsJMk 'Ifts TMsiiNMttforj T.rw' w A jczhtuckv mMnsffiSL usiI.S frespectfully, .KSnVCKV ETOCATIMOaj JM&fclSSIONAS BEECHEB SAW BOOKS"Books are the windows through"Books are the kindows through"which the soul leaks out," said HenryWard Beecher. "A house withoutbooks is like a room without windows. No man has a right to brinsrup his children without surroundinthem with books, if he has means to.t, t t w,buy them.I WUJ VUUlUt Xb AW tV H1UU LU AilU J.U11Lily. He cheats them. Childrenlearn to read by being in the presence of books. The love of knowledgecomes with reading and grows uponit. And love of knowledge, in ayoung mind, is almost a warrantagainst the inferior excitement ofpassions and vices. A little library,growing larger every year, is anhonorable part of a young man's history. It is a man's duty to havebooks. A library is not a luxurybut one of the necessities of life.""Cold in the Head"Is an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.These subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE, will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated -attacks"of Acute Catarrh" may lead toChronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken Internally and , acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing the Inflammation andrestoring normal conditions.AU Druggists. Circulars free.P. J, Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohlt.o ;hm riisjsmi nsfc.vCMhBm afeMysJsW-psjsssBar JsM !,J1 rtinani ss MkjiZstVlllllllllliinr-rrTTrtTtr . ,.,,,,-, rrrTJrTHE studious caregiven by us infollowing our clientsinstructions is certainto result in arrangements in harmonywith the desires ofthose who employ us.SctoTHE UNIXERSXLiCARFord Plant Built 108,962 CarsIn June4,360 Cars a Day for 25 Days. 545 Carsan hour. In Other Words a Ford Car or, Truck is Assembled Every 6l2 Seconds.How Is This For Production?And yet they cannot meet the demand. This is aa day of economy, and every man is trying to make hisdollars go as far as possible to get the best results.Your dollars will go farther toward buying a FordCar or Truck than any other car on the market today.If you need a Car or Truck, come in and let ustalk it over.RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHHGet In Personal TouchWith That Out-of-Town Customer orFriend By UsingHOMELONG DISTANCEParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatednmiiiniitiiinnmnrnTmtmrI)-iiiiiiiiinuiiMit r.w, fi,f, f, f,.T..T..T..T, t .t..T, j TiiiiiitiimmnI'll IIKEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse Electric FanWe have them all sizes. Special cash discount. Gall andsee our stock.Ti W. SPICERMAM STOKE? , ,QV. C9VKT imW,Itill JmmmrsjKI lsI batteriss. - 4MillMlltMIIIUIMiillUtllMJMntUWII' """- FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1911'.TH BOURBON H&pxmKUffTOOTfmr ,YOUNG GIRLFINDS RELIEFWants to Tell Other Girl$All About ItHRK464NHEvansville, Ind. "I am eighteenyears old and have been bothered forseveral montns witnirregular periods.Every month myback would ache andI always had a coldand felt drowsy andsleepy. I work in amimnery snop ana lwent to work everyday, but felt stupidand would have suchcramps. I had seenLydia E. Pinkham'sIVegetable Compound advertised and had heard severalwomen talk of it, so mother got mesome. This Vegetable Compound iswonderful and it helped me very much,so that during my periods I am not nowsick or drowsy. I have told many girlsabout your medicine and would be gladto help anyone who is troubled withsimilar ailments. You may use my testimonial as you like." Stella Linxwiler, 6 Second St., Evansville, Indiana.Some girls lead lives of luxury, whileothers toil for their livelihood, but allare subject to the same physical lawsand suffer in proportion to their violation. When such symptoms develop asirregularities, headaches, backaches,bearing-down sensations and "theblues," girls should profit by Miss Linx--wiler'sexperience and give Lydia E.Hnkham's Vegetable Compound a trial.('STATE HEALTH BOAHD ISSUES- " ULTIMATUMDruggisfs in Kentucky who sellpatent medicines which have beenadvertised by itinerant medicalcompanies from a wagon or otherplace in the street, where the companies state that they themselvesdo not sell the medicine advertised,but name the druggists from whichit can be obtained, legally are liable to be regarded as members ofHie traveling troupes, and as such,are subject to prosecution. ElwoodHamilton, attorney for the StateBoard of Health, has informed theBoard in an opinion prepared at therequest of Dr. J. N. McCormick, director of the Bureau of Sanitation.The opinion quotes the provisionof the statute which declares that adruggist "becomes personally liablefor the statutory penalty if he perrmits one who is not a 'registeredpharmacist to vend medicines," andstates that, for the purposes ofprosecution, it would not be necessary to show that the articles weredelivered to the offending druggist'SWIFT r CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCE, MARKET REVIEWThe butter market has 'shownsome weakness during the latter.part of this week, resulting in definitely lower prices at the close. Thisis due to a slight falling off in thedemand and the fact that production is keeping up remarkably well,considering the season.Poultry receipts are increasing,and prices are generally unchanged.As spring chickens reach the marketing age, the movement will undoubtedly increase, resulting hTsomedecilne in buying and selling.Receipts of fresh eggs are aboutnormal for this season of the year,with quality generally reported asimproving and prices ruling a littlehigher than previous week.Several Birds yVith One Stone.A Virginia edi'tor threatened to publish the name of a certain young manwho was seen hugging and kissing agirl in the park unless his subscripHnn tn the naner was paid up in aby the company if it could be shown weeky Fifty-nine young men calledthat the articles were sold by the Jind paid up fe next day, while twoeven naid a year in advance. xuedruggist, and that the druggist andthe itinerant company nad a mutual interest in the sale.oASPIRINi -Name "Bayer" on Genuine,High Sign of Art."See that picture on the outside ofmy paint box?" said Gertrude, the:fitudent artist "Well, that's my introduction to any other student who'strying to become famous along thelines of Rosa Bonheur and happens toknow about the idea. There's nospecial picture painted on the box, ifyou know what I mean, but just something that will let the fellow toilers Inoils know the other is striving also toreach artistic heights. In this waymany acquaintances are made and ahelpful exchange of ideas results. Wemeet students who know of the ideaalmost everywhere.",Moth or Butterfly7There are certain simple indicationsby which one can tell a moth from abutterfly. The antennae (feelers) ofthe butterfly usually terminate In aknot, while the antennae of a mothtaper to a point When a moth restsIt keeps its wings In a horizontal positlon, while a butterfly places its wingstogether in a perpendicular position.The nest timeyou buy calomelask forMl 11 alotabsThe purified and refinedcalomel IrIets that arenausealssc, safe and sure.Medicinal virtues retained and improved. Soldonly in ceatcd packages.Price 35cWarning:! Unless you see thename "Bayer" on package or ontablets you are not getting genuineAspirin prescribed by physicians fortwenty-one years and proved safe bymillions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)oLabor Clarion (San Francisco).' Jh AMERICA!? LEGIO OTKEHTUCgY a,The Third State Convention of TheAmerican Legion will be addressedby two of the most forceful speakersfrom National Headquarters. AlvinM. Owsley, Assistant Director of theNational Americanism Commission,and Dan S. Hollenga, National FieldRepresentative, will address the delegates and visitors to Lexington,September 1st. Mr. Owsley addressed the great mass meeting of Americans in Madison Square Garden,New York, during the Spring. During the war he served in the samedivision with the present Rtate Commander of Kentucky, M. K. Gordon,of Maaisonville. Mr. Hollenga iswell-known to a great number ofKentucky Legionaires, having visited the State during the month ofJune, 1921. ".3y.iy.iBourbonLaundryDAVIS & FUNK,, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4XGERMANY WETTER THAN EVERAccording to official statisticsissued by the Cologne Prohibitionists Congress, the drink traffic inGermany, which had decreased during the war, is again increasingconsiderably, v Ten million bottles ofchampagne were sold in Germanylast year, when ten thousand million marks were spent 'on alcoholicliquors.KXXXWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.xThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris, Kentucky!K55i;X!LOUISVILLE GERL BATTLES INCAGE WITH TIGERSMable Stark, Louisville, armedonly with a whip, battled threetigers in a circus parade wagon atAurora, 111., and drove the beastsinto one of the compartments andlocked them tnere, while spectators fled from the wagon as itcareened down the street, drawnby horses frightened by the snarlingtigers. Several women spectatorsfainted. Two wild tigers had brokenthrough when the jarring of thewagon had loosened the door separating their compartments from theone in which were a half-tamedtiger and the trainer, Miss Stark.Circus employes with steel rodsfinally quieted the animals, one ofwhich was so badly injured it hadto be shot.Greek and Roman Churches.The Greek church idissents fromthe doctrine that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father and Son, rejects the papal claim to supremacy,jt xiic-c fVia onrhnrist in bothkinds to the laity; it agrees with. ,- -r nv.,-.r.nvr in fhp belief ofLUC JWllllLU. '-11U1.LU "seven sacraments, transubstantiation,the adoration of the host, confession,absolution, penance, prayers for thedead, etc The Greek church formallyseparated from the Roman church in1504.BMGHTERfeC2k.r -Just HistoryIn '76 lj hThe Colonial Same .Spun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gaestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time doea iassHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Bt the irl o to-day.Who wanti her June bright.Jut fcetief a tvtttAnd has Electric Lirht.Changing the Basis.Two preachers, one white and theother colored, served rural charges inMississippi which were coterminous.The negro received a considerablylarger salary than his white brother,who asked him if it was not his custom to expel his members who failedto pay. "No, boss," he replied, "wewould not like to put the gospel ona money basis. We gets them tosubscribe, and if they don't pay weturns them out for lying." MemphisCommercial-Appeal.oThe American who praised Peruin Chili's hearing is certain of themoral support of Admiral Sims.1DnWaddcllsPile Remedy'Ntebd. $130 park If aot write us.r. r? mB.K5iir.'-'.it"''r.?, :', '.l .... r &v, f-"i:. ,;ffi.lj''1fer..-(- "k VALVE-IN-HEAD ffQI Jfe: rMWm U ifr9 MOTOR CARSoAnnouncingThe New Buick "Four"A ThoroughbredFour, Completingthe Famed BuickLine';.-, vgv,: f,".The cBuick Valve-in-HeadEngineA Wower WantThat Has ProvedItself7? - -; ..-r-N ' f ,A Great Car,Prices Make It AnEven GreaterValue. iPrices22-34 Two Passenger Roadster $ 93522-35 Five Passenger Touring - 97522-36 Three Passenger Coupe - 147522-37 Five Passenger Sedan - - 1650All Prices F. O. B. Flint, MichiganCoi'J Tires Standard Equipment oh all ModelsSee Us for Specifications and Delivery DatesThe new Four-Cylinder Buick, here announced,is a thoroughbred a pedigreed car well worthyof its name. ,Down to the very last detail, this new model possessesevery quality of enduring serviceability, completecomfort, and distinctive appearance that have alwayscharacterized Buick automobiles.The advent of this new Four makes the Buick 1922line complete. It offers to purchasers of a car of thissize all the quality and service that go to make lipthe name "Buick."The engine, of course, is of the time-tested BuickValve-in-Head type. The year-after-year concentration of Buick Js engineering skill and experience inbuilding Valve-in-Head motors assures the higheststandard of performance obtainable today.Every other unit is of a quality equal to the powerplant. The whole assembly constitutes a perfectlybalarrted chassis which is of typical Buick construction.The equipment of Cord Tiresis merely evidence ofthe quality which characterizes the entire car.Two open and two closed body types mounted onthe Buick built chassis comprise the new series.Even the most casual inspection of the details of designand workmanship will reveal that full measure of quality which motoristshaye learned toassociate with Buick.Obviously a high grade automobile a genuine Buickproduction the prices listed below make this greatFour even greater. 4 value such as this is possibleonly because of the combination (of Buick engineering skill devoted to the one ideal of quality, Buickproduction facilities developed over nearly a quarterof a century, and Buick' s nation-wide distributionand service organization.The Buick Motor Company is proud of the BuickFour. It has the faith of long experience in thisnewest addition to its line. It places upon it unreservedly theBuick guarantee carried by every Buickautomobile produced. That its confidence is wellplaced is manifested not only by the keen interestwith which motorists have awaited this announcement, but also the advance orders placed by distributors, dealers, and the general public.C. S. BALL GARAGEi ,' i 'Corner Fourth and PleasantIv1.w3tM3r,-XiIw.'VV11 . .4a :''' ''4, ' 'Jit I ,. "it- -- --c;..y .p.a-jsK A:Z -aht--mfr'A.y nftwwiT ' .-- '.- .. jifc. trr ,i - .. , T " mKti ' S-- i '''vif inTf-i.rnilfi-ffTrriiitf.li . - JF jt-'Li "o"rtl'f' t T1 " Uf'""v t.QMjJMJ&1!'l''lll' "'''' '"r , i- -wT-,f-. -r-i -qm W1KJMJTfTy8ieK!it vj Jt- Am y Mjw t.-l.t'dt j (jyiSO 1 - S s- .Ji- ,. f- t - ' MPACFB EIGHTTHE BOURBON NBWB.T PABffi. KUNTOCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 12, lift." " . '! UMHIliln 'MILLERSBURGir-DEATHS,ssM .: !Bct( - MB'' mwrTZ. ,?" ' i"' ' ""''MILLERr J - ' 'Mrs. W: -M. Miliar, of Millers-DICKEY.The body of John W. Dickey,Jr., formerly of Paris, who diedsome weeks ago in Santo Domingo,is expected to reach New York" tomorrow, and will be brought to Cynthiana, his former home, eitherMonday or Tuesday for interment.Mrs. Callie Dickey and Mrs. GeorgeA. Kelly, of Detroit, Mich., are inCynthiana awainting the arrival ofthe body. Young Dickey had a largecircle of warm friends in Paris, whoadmired him for his many manlyqualities.Miss. Elizabeth Howard is vis-ittas friends in Maysville.Eld., W. J. Slater is holding a burg, received a message Tuesdaymeeting at Mooreeld, Ky. i from Atlanta, Ga., telling of . the"Mrs, W. J". Slater is visiting ' death there of Mrs. Mollie Hall Mil-xel&tives in Nashville, Term, rer. Mrs. Miller was the widow ofMiss Margaret Wood is visit- John Miller, formerly of Millers-insr friends in Brooksville, Ky. burg, who died several years ago.Mrs. B. W. Wood left Wednes- The funeral and interment tookday for a visit with friends in Ma- place in Atlanta yesterday.ion county.Mrs. J. T. Judy is visiting herlaother, Mrs. W. B. Payne, of Cynthiana. Mr. Ward Huffman, of Berry,Ky. is visiting Mrs. W. V. Huffmanand family.Miss Elizabeth Brown has returned from a trip to Lake Chautauqua, N. Y.Miss Elizabeth Bissett, of MaysTille, is visiting her uncle, A. S.Best, and family.Mrs. Emma Long, of Georgetown, is visiting her sister, Mrs. T.2X Judy and family.-Miss Helen Yun left Wednesdayfer Battle Creek, Mich, to spend therest of the summer.Miss Mary Taylor has returnedfrom a visit with her sister, Mrs. S.H. Creighton, in Indianapolis, Ind.Miss Nannie Bowden has returned to her home in Winchester, aftera visit with her aunt, Mrs. FrankCook.Miss Julia Howe has returnedto her home in Covington, after fd-visit with her sister, Mrs. ElizabethMiller.Mrs. Lyle Buffington has returned to her home in Columbus, Ohio,after a visit with her sifter, Mrs.W- M. Miller.Mr. and Mrs. Pickett Hunterand Miss Patty Hunter, of Washington, Mason county, are guests oftheir sister, -Mrs. A. S. Best.Mrs. W. M. Miller receivednews of the death of Mrs. MollieHall Miller, in Atlanta, Ga. Mrs.Miller was the widow of John Miller, of MillersburKING.Mrs. Mattie King, aged fortynine, widow of William King, ofnear Paris, died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, &z11:30 o'clock yesterday morning, after an illness of long duration, dueto a complication of diseases.Mrs. King was a native of Fayette county, where she was born onMay 8, 1872. She was a daughterof the late Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Si doner, pioneer residents of the OldUnion vicinity. She is survived byone sister, Mrs. Ira G. Parks, of Paris,one brother, J. Porter Sidener, ofLexington, and a son, Earl King, ofParis.The funeral will be held at 4:30.o'clock this (Friday) afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The pall-bearers will be:7 III IM g.m I 1C THMftTRE2:00 to 5s301ANDI7:00 to 1 0:30TO-DAY, FRIDAYViolet MercereauNiTwereTret to 'learn that Mrs. G.I J- W. Smith, Custis Talbott S SW. Bramblett, formerly r Miller J Mansfield.fcurs. was stricken witn paraij&xa ai, -"her home near Winchester, Weanesf day Mrs. Bramblett is the motherof Mrs. O. L. Potts, of this place.Aire s.vnii T-horn fell 5n herWHOLESALERS OUGAMZE"Finders Keepers"The photoplay adapted from the popular novel by the same name.It'll stir your heart. A thrill and a4augh every minute.CHAS. HUTCHISONin "DOUBLE ADVENTURE"And Snub Pollard Comedy"THE KILLJOYS"Tomorrow, SaturdayMay AllisonIN.i "Extravagance"The drama of a wife with a silkensoul and a gingham income.ALSOMonday, Aug. 1 5thAlice BradyIN'The New York Idea'Is divorce a failure? That questionarise in your mind when you see beautifulAlice Brady in "The New York Idea" apungent satire on modern married life.AMACOMEDYaUp in the Air"In Addition:A Century Comedy"PLAYMATES"and Pa the ReviewAD MISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20c- MATRIMONIAL.!ADD MATA marriage license" was issuedMonday afternoon from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton to Wm.iM. Van Slyke, 25, of Gouverneur,yard ''Sunday morning and fractur- Tower Grocery Co., of Paris, attended ier hip. She was taken to bt. ed the meeting oi wnotesaie grocers,Joseph Hospital, Lexington, where j held in Lexirgton, Vednesday aftershe remains in a critical condition. ( noon at one o'clock, m the privateHer daughter, jirs. John Prudery, ' liuus roon. of tije Lafayette Hotel.Ser daughter, Mrs. John Puy.jTue atixiS was preceded hy aside- M,luncheon.The following young people will 1 The meeUng. resuited in the oretoayfafewdip par Central KentuckyBlue Licks: Misses Rucj. iveynoias, .SaAaret Baxter, Elizabeth Con- Wnok-salo Grocers' Association, withway Helen Hawkin-. Pauline Jones; twenty-two members, representingMessrs. Samuel and Edmond Martir, te leading wholesale groceries of"Yimont and 'W'm. Layr.on, Julian, i Central Kentucky. They were asAdair. Mr. a"nd Mrs. J. T. Joffer- j isted in their organization by Harryson and Mr. and Mrs. James Miller , j Eastman, secretary of the Cincinwill chaperone the party. . nat- Association of Wholesale Gro-- V . o I cers-v- oHEAVY BAECTS HEIIE7E HEATHenrv A Powe- oreulent of the i ,' ' o f ' grandparents. The mother was for-neniy a. iowe., pieueiit or inc New ork an(i ji1ss Gertrude Sheer, nv1v1M, wOiUtipvIpp nnkP r.fwer Grocery Co.. of Paris, attend- oc ftr Pnvis meily Miss AVhitneylee Drake, otBIRTHS.In Lexington, to the wife ofAlvin W. Arkle, formerly, of Paris,a.nin-pound son, christened Thos.Dudley Arkle, in honor of both25, of Paris.Lexington.WOODARD HaRP I Mr. and Mrs. Richard T. A.n-George liarp, twenty-tnree, anu j derson, of Lexington, are welcomimMiss Zona Y7oodard, iweny, both ofParis, secured marriage license liceWednesda' and were majried at 3:30that afternoon by County Judge Geo.Batterton, in his pnvato office inthe court house. The ceremony wasa son, who was born Monday nightat St. Joseph's Hospital. He wasnamed Richard Anderson, Jr., inhonor of his father. Mrs. Andersonwas before her marriage Miss HazelCottinsrham. daughter of Mr. andperformed in the presence of the ! Mrs. A. W. Cottingham, of Paris, andbride's mother, Mrs. Sudieand Mrs. Annabelle Munson.Boots(,WILSON HINKLE9HUTCHISON ITEMSof Mr. and Mr.?. J. T. Wilson, anlMr. Burns Ilinkle, son of Mr. andMrs. Tilford Kinkle, all of the Jacksonville vicinity, near Paris, motoredto Maysville. where they were unitedsister of Wayne Cottingham, of theLexington Leader.Fire, Wind and Liglitning Insurance.Heavy rainfall, lasting for several in marriage by County Judge Pur" .hours vesterdav afternoon, tendod 'noil, in his nrivate office in the6'-','fr,h1 a great measure "to relieve the ' court house. They will make theirI drouth, which prevailed for a long home with the groom's father, nearMr. Hanson Hedges is a guest j time anfl als0 brought relief from jackstown.of friends in Carlisle. i ir.a intoT1C5o hMi.. Tt brousht hone i-?Ir- an5!dseS 1S a I to the farmers, who had derpaired of jof friends in Carlisle n,nMenn L,t.nff even half crops of late cornAL1SS illlSie OIlllLil, JL liULWIUJUU, o . .?r. m'cif;nr Yrionric: iti T?m.nkfort.- pud potatoes. The ramTHOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANGood Advice.Germs, says the United Statespublic health service, are usually ahand to mouth affair. Better washop.oAshes Clean Glasses.For cleaning glasses which have contained milk there is nothing equalto wood ashes.The Jury.The trials of life would not be sebad if we could render our own "vejdiets. Cartoons Magazine.Three Ways All Futile. 'There are at least three ways ofsetting about reforming the worldall of them ineffective. London Saturday Review. iiWhite Front: Garage ISTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVSCEGOODRICH AND HOOD T5RESPEN DAY AUB NIGHTExpert Battery ScrvsceRepairs Storage Supplies(tf)" Cars WashedLMM T1LIILM IIMIII ! IwnM WHIinif ""Supreme Value Giving of the GreatMr.Prank R. Smart was a giest late to save tte early corn, but I hr $ ' p?Wednesday of Mr. and Mrs. CharlesOsborne.Mr. and Mrs. Dan Hall have returned from a visit to the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. John Sargeant,in Livingston.- Miss Lillian Medlin, of nearParis, is visiting Misses Clarine andStelfa Kennedy.Mr. and Mrs. Sterling Smart, ofsear Paris, newly-weds, were recentguests of Miss Lillie Mae Smart.Mr. Crit Hall, of Flemingsburg,was a guest recently of his uncle,-3r. Daniel Hall, of near Hutchison.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse W. Smithand children have returned from avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Philip Hubbardin Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. ATrthur HarrisJiad as giiest recently Mr. PhilipPuckett, of Winchester.Wm. Martin, of Paris, spent several days this week as guest of his-parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse H. Martin, of this vicinity.Mr. and Mrs. John Puckett, Mr.Elmer Puckett and Miss Goly Puckett of Winchester, have returnedhome from a visit to Miss Rosa V.Harris.evans McMillanThe marriage of Judge Charlescomes too A. McMillan, of Pans, and MissMoncnes.took ij ; l.-.!-;.-. r miin'n l-xattoT1 111 IlttLL- lu mv ,.,,- 'Place Wednesday night at seven fmany sections. Tobacco is recover-.i,c at thc ,icme of tlie bridc3 jing rapidly from the long drouth, j mothei.f Mrs Tboinao Evani, in Ead j j tPastures, which had been burned tojMoricllss After a wedding tour Ualmost nothing under the sizzling , points of interest in the East, Jud,jo jrays of the July sun, are green again, ana ?tTrs. McMillan will be at nomcand streams are again running m to tneir lrienai on j.ui. &uy "VCilu,- jthe fields in this ciry, alter uccoocr ursuA large number of congratulatory----- L--.---- ,TrtTTT,T .nTmimrsw-res fiom friends in this cityXJJliW UUJtWUUU lUVJli, 1UUJL -'-;" nt ,tTQVn spnt t.n the haupycouple, timed to arrive just beforedeparture on their wedding tour.1SOON..COL. AS MARTIN SEES HAUDWINTERColonel Asa K. Martin, widely"known weather prognosticator ofCentral Kentucky, for years a resident of Lexington, but who is now- making his home with his daughterin Louisville, makes the predictioniat the coming winter in Kentuckywould be one of the severest sincethe cold winter of 1888-'89.He says in his prognosticationthat there will be twenty-one snows,tie first falling on October 13, andthe last on May 2, 1922. Duringthe winter he says there will baerenteen zero days and three icespells, when ice from three totwelve inches thick will be harvested. He also makes provision fortferee sleet storms. The first frostjfe this latitude he says is due toarrire 5n September 10.Colonel Martin says the severewinter ahead will cause much suffering throughout the country, andwarns the public to "take timeTftr the fore top" and prepare id admnce for it. Colonel Martin hasStrjL a weather prognosticator forftr yers and those who haveket up with his predictions say-tat fcis forecasts have "hit the9LH oCUmer taaa taey7 haveThe publication date on JampsOliver Curwood's new noyel titled"The Flaming Forest" was advanced from August 24 to August 10, Jaccording to an announcement justmade by nis publisher. 'This story, by the author, whoselast two novels sold well over a hundred thousand copies each, is thethird of his trilogy of tales of theThree-River Country, and wholesalebook dealers have reported so manyadvanced orders for the book thatits -first edition of more than a hundred thousand copies enough booksto reach twelve miles, end to endis already practically subscribed for.The previous two stories of Curwood's trilogy were "The RiversEnd" and MThe Vally of SilentMen," and each was listed as one ofthe best sellers for nearly a year.They were stories tense with adventure, mystery, romance and theglamour of the North Woods, a region, incidentally, of which Curwood has a great deal of first-handknowledge, having spent much of histime on extended hunting trips inBritish Columbia and among the natives of the Canadian Northwest., oREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMrs. J. T. Brown purchased recently of Mrs. W. H. Anderson 'aone-story frame cottage on Highstreet, adjoining the Hinton apartments, for a price reported as $7,000. Mrs. Brown and her father,Squire L. J. Fretwell, will move tothe home to reside as soon aspossession is given. The house isat present occupied by Mr. and Mrs.Charles W. Heck.A Marked Difference.If i w hard to .spread a good, idemtWeaiai community, and so eaij.tenumpev.jftsaupox;SLICER VAN SLYKESly Dan Cupid scored a hit Monday afternoon, when he witnessedthe consummation of a courtship inwhich a handsome Paris girl and aNew York business man were unitedin marriage. The happy event tookplace at four o'clock, at the home oMr. and Mrs. -A. L. Slicer, on SouthMain street, when their daughter,Miss Gertrude Slicer, became thebride of Mr. William M. Van Slyke,of Gouvernour, New York.The ceremony was performed inthe parlors of the beautiful home ofthe bride's parents, by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The ceremony was witnessed by members of the family and afew intimate friends. The attendants at the wedding were Mr. andMrs. Merriett Slicer, the former ubrother of the bride. The bride, a-- Tndsnmp. and popular youngwoman, was lovely in a weddinggown of white satin, and carried acorsage bouquet of pink bride'sVOS6SAfL r-onpivinsr congratulationsand best wishes of "the assembledguests. Mr. and Mrs. Van Slyke lextfor Cincinnati, and from there foran extended tour of the Great Lakesregion. On their return they willmake their home in Gouverneur N..Y where the groom is engaged inthe drug business as a member ofthe rm of Van Slyke & Curtis.Mrs Van Slyke is a graduate ofthe Paris High School, the University of Kentucky, and for some timehas been Physical Instructor in theschools of Gouveneur, New York,where sHe met her future husband.Mr Van Slyke is a son of Mrs. Barbara Van Slyke, of Plainfield EastMoriches, New York, a graduate pfthe Gouveneur High School and ,ofAlbany, N. Y., School of Pharmacy.TRemember Therea a Limit."Every man is lntitled to his owmpinion," said Uncle Ebeo. "But darin anyuM o' y our puttin yoh ownIdea of wmat 4e time o' day eight itOffering to every economical shopper the opportunity of genuine economyEntire stock to be closed out at cost and less. SHOES AND OXFORDS of thehighest quality marked down to 20, 30 and 40 on' the dollar. Buy Nowat these cut prices.W agin dat ef deckickea-pec and lies. Atchison Globe, ' nlm' dt jraUroad train."dafsLadies White Footwear at Cut Prices2.50 White English Oxfords and StrapsReduced to $1.85Ladies' White Sport Lace Oxfords, blacktrimmed.Reduced to $2.49Ladies' Kid Oxfords, values to 6.00.Reduced to $1.00Ladies' Tan English Lace Oxfords, valuesto 5.00.Reduced to $2.95$2.50 Canvas Strap Slippers, high andlow heels,Reduced to $1.49Half Price Sale of Ladies' High Grade Slippers, $8.00 grades,' Reduced to $3.95Men's Shoes, $6.00 Grades Tan and GunMetal English and Blucher,. Reduced to $3.95Men's $6.00 and $6.50 Grades TaiL and BlackShoes and Oxfords.Reduced to $3.99Men's $8.50 Grades High Grade Shoes and Oxfords, Tanand Black Vici Kid and Calf, Reduced to $4.95Men's Genuine Elk Outing Shoes.Reduced to $1.99Boys' and Youths' Elk Outing, values to $3.Reduced to $1.69Ladies9 Soft Kid Slippers Now $1.00Misses' arrd Children's Slippers, $2.00 WhiteCanvas, all sizes.Reduced to $1.49Misses' and Children's $3.00 Patent Slippers,all sizes.Reduced to $1.99See Bargain Tables. All Small Lots and Broken Sizes OnSale at a Fraction of Their Former Prices. "DAN COHENParis9 Greatest Shoe Storey v fiWbcrc Beauty aad EcgMMy RciflitnMgMpH'-X.'jtf-MSS MV A-5,?i -Jl$ikZ''iMt. yi