&; v(Lsy .' v r!" . 't-t-"fr; m ,--m&$x U:.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY HT THE YEAR.. -cuVOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1921BOUKBQH SHEWS1 rmw- tDEMOCBATS AEE UBGED TO BEGISTEB TO-DAY.Gounty Judge George Battertonpresided and Sheriff Will G. McClintock was secretary, of a Democratic"get-to-gether" meeting held at ther.nurt house Friday night. Planswere made at the meeting for insuring a full and complete registration of Democrats to-day. Menand women captains and workerstiwp spler.ted for the different precincts and a sufficient number of au- ,,.,,,,, - . mtomobiles secured to get out the j WIDDICOMB YATESDemocratic voters. j Relatives hare have receivedAll voters are urged to register announcements of the wedding ofto-day so they may vote in the com- Mr. William Yates, of San Francisco,ing electons. All desiring to take California, and Miss Kirby Widdipart in the elections for county or comb, of Denver, Colorado, daughcity officials will see the necessity ter of Attorney General Widdicomb.of complying with this duty. Vot- Mr. Yates is a brother of Mrs. B. L.ers must register to-day in their Yates-of Paris,precincts. The voting booths will ' ohe open rrom six a. m. to nine p. m. jPersons who fail to register to-day jWill IIOL ue iJeiiuiLieu iu vuic laici iunless they were sick or out oftown on that date. Those whc .willbe twenty-one on the date of theregular election, November 8, willregister to-day. It must be remem-bered that every voter must registerthis year. ISo, don't fail to go to your vot- 'ing place to-day sometime betweensix a. m. and nine p. m.f and register! 0TWO SILOS BUENEDFire originating from an unknownsource Sunday morning destroyedtwo large silos on the farm ofBrooks Clay, on the Winchesterpike, near Paris. One silo containedabout twenty-five acres of corn andnfiiar foort Thp lnss was estimatedat about $700. Mr Clay thinks the 'Km woo tviqMv rinp tn Rnnntane-!"1C " """-"J - --ous combustion.Ere, Wind and Lightning Insur-,ance. 'THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN,"EAST AND WEST,HOME'S BEST"Your eyes will fill with happytears when you see that lastecstatic scene in The Oold Nestscene in which Mother's broodcomes home at last. The public can thank Eupert Hughesand Goldwyn for produccingare many who will think itthe greatest screen drama evermade.Alamo and Grand, Wednesdayand Thursday, October 5thand 6th.I "We Know How" SThe College BoyU4IFTER all,is theclothes.llwhat in correct fashion and forFall we have selected as ourstyle leader such model as is inGreatest Favor withthe College Men AllOver AmericaNot only the model they havethe wearing ability that comesonly from pure woolens. Weare ready to show these snappymodels to you before you starton your way back to college.Stetson Hats for FallIn All the New ShadesBoys' School Suits andOdd PantsMITCHELLOutfitters to MenSTETSON HATSMATRIMONIALMarriage licenses were issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, Saturday to the following: James Wagoner, 22, ofBatesville, Ind., and Miss NinaWaugh, of Paris; William AlfredRohe, 37, of Versailles, and Miss Elizabeth Ray Claxton, 27, of Lexington. FOE SALE-tVO NEW HOUSES AND LOTS,LOCATED ON CLIFTON AVENUE,TAfm nftWTATNrWft 7 BOOMS 2EACH ffiaKg'Jg? tlSJSi AX1'iSAUh"POECH AND PANaEx.CONCEETE FOUNDATION ANDASPHALT, SHLNCrLE EOOtf.INSIDE PAINTING NOW BEINGDONE.POSSESSION CAN BE GIVENABOUT 0CT0BEE 1ST.B0UEB0N LUMBEE CO.-,M. PEALE COLUEE, MGE.(sept27-tf)-o -B0UEB0N GUN CLUBThe regular shooting tournamentof the Bourbon Gun Club was nemon the Uiuo grounus in jl ran,Fridav afternoon. On account 01-- , i.the dove shooting, the attendancewas somewhat decreased, but thosewho name out enjoyed the sport tothe utmost. The trophy,&a fine hat.won by Roxie Davis. The folow-ins scores were Blades at BrokeA. Turney I50Alfred Clay 125Clarence Kenney .. ..125Hiram Roseberry .. ..100N. F. Brent 100J. R. Pendleton ..... .100A. B. Perkins ... ..100J. M. Caldwell 75Fred Burgin 7E. A. Brophy 75Roxie Davis 50W. K. Ferguson 50C. K. Thomas 50Sam Clay 25Ed. Burke 25Charles Spears . . . .- . 25. o-CANDY DAY1441171148979787769655940343324760CT0BEE 8TH WILL BE "CANDYDAY" TEE "SWEETEST VAX u'THEYEAE." SEND ONE OF MISSHOLLADAY'S CANDY DAY SPECIALS. 3the College Boykeenest critic ofHe knows what's& BLAKEMORENCTTLBTQN SHOESSUCCESS OF PALL FESTIVALNOW ASSUBEDWith assurance of support from alarge number of local business menhaving been obtained, the successof the Fall Festival, which will beheld October 26, 27 and 28, nowseems certain. Committees of theParis Commercial Club have beenmaking a canvass of business housesfor the purpose of selling space inthe large tobacco warehouse, andare reporting exceptionally good success. At a meeting of committeechairmen Friday evening at theCommercial Club office, progress wasreported in every department.The entertainment committee,composed of O. T. Hinton, D. Y. L.Farley and G. S. Jefferson, is planning a program which will be variedduring the festival. Vaudeville,band concerts, a pageant, and a mar-di-grasare all being considered andwill probably be included in the billof entertainment and amusement.Forty-four booths are availablefor the merchants' exhibit, whichwlil occupy a large portion of thefloor space, and most of these havealready been contracted for. Thesale of booths is expected to netover $1,000, which will be appliedtoward the expenses of the festival,and arrangements are being made foran additional fund of $1,000 to $1,500 to guarantee the financial end ofthe exhibition, which will be thebiggest affair of the kind ever attempted in this county.It is the plan to use the ParisTobacco Warehouse, the one x inwhich the Billie Sunday meetingwas held last Spring. Plans havebeen drawn by F. G. Hagan, showing a large auditorium in the rearof the warehouse, while the remainder of the floor space will betaken up with the merchants' exhibits, the automobile show, displays of agricultural products, andthe women's and children's exhibits.The warehouse will be elaboratelydecorated and special lighting effects will be arranged.j oME. FAEMEE,YOU WILL NEED SOME TEEEBAILS AND TOBACCO STICKS. OUETIEE EAILS AEE EXTEA GOOD,L02TG LEAF. WE HAVE A FEWTOBACCO STICKS ON HAND ANDHAVE MANY M0EE LISTED WITHUS BY FAEMEES.B0UEB0N LUMBEE CO.,M. PEALE COLUEE, MGE.(sept27-tf) NOPEN SESSION OF EECEEATI0NAL CLUBQuite a large crowd gathered - r -the High School gymnasium to at-jtend the open session of the Recreational Club, which was given under the direction of Mrs H. B. Carr,president, and Miss Nell Robbins,Community Service Director. Severalraces were held, among them acracker-eating race and a lobsterrace. Every one joined in the grandmarch and the lobster race deservesspecial mention. Those who participated in this were, Dr. M. H. Dailey,Messrs. Peale Collier, Chas. Fithian,Walter Payne, Finnell Galloway andProf. Scott. After a mad scramblewhich brought forth peals of laughter, Mr. Galloway was declared tobe the "Most Eminent Lobster" withProf. Scott a close second.Mr. Harry Kerslake delighted theaudience with a number of vocalselections, with guitar accompaniment. Altogether it was a very happy event and the public is cordiallyinvited to these open sessions, whichtake place tne third Tnursday meach month.COKE P0E TOBACCOSEE CHAS. S. BEENT & BE0.(septl3-tf)0FFICEES BAH) HOME; AEEESTONE SUSPECTChief of Police Fred Link, Patrolman Robt. Lusk and Special Patrolman McGoldrick, participated in araid Saturday night on the home ofFrank Johnson, colored, on Sycamorestreet, where they found a largequantity of "red" and "white" joyjuice, and a large number of empties.Johnson was placed under arrest andtaken to jail. He claimed he had secured the white whisky from Cynthiana and the red liquor from Cincinnati. When placed under arrest anautomatic pistol was found on hisperson.At the examining trial held beforeCounty Judge George Batterton yesterday morning Johnson entered aplea of guilty on the charge of having unlawfully liquor in his possession, and was held in $500 bond toappear before the grand jury at thenext term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt. Failing to furnish the required bond, he was remanded tothe custody of Jailer Thos. Taul.Johnson has figured in the courtsbefore, having been accused of themurder of Zephlee Current, colored,in this city some time go, hut ontrial was acquitted. He was later arrested on a charge of robbing CaludeCaywood, taxicab driver. "oB0UEB0N NTJBSERIESC0ENEE LEXINGTON ANDBETHLEHEM PIKES.HEINEETZ & HAEPEE,PEOPEIETOES.Extension plans are A being -madethrough tMe, country to kwp, highways "clear bt snow and ictfcfc'wtouPAEIS HIGH SCHOOL ON ACCEEDITED LIST 'Prof Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintenent of the Paris High Schools, isvery proud of the following letter,"received recently from Harry Clark,of Nashville ,Tenn.f Secretary Qf theSouthern Commission of AccreditedSchools:"Dear Prof. Kirkpatrick:"You have been proud of yourrating as one of the best schools ofthe nation. You will be still moregratified to learn that our list hasbeen endorsed by West Point Military Academy, the United States Bureau of Education, and the leadingcolleges of the nation. One hundred and fifty colleges accept thislist, but require examinations fromgraduates of Southern secondaryschools which are not on this list.For the full list see the January1921, High School Quartery. Theregulations for West Point will befound printed there. Other collegesjBuch as Tulane, state that they willsoon require examinations fromgraduates from schools not on thislist."Please post this letter on yourbulletin board for the informationof your students that they mayproperly appreciae the prestige ofgraduating from your school."Your Secretary!"HARRY CLARK."YAEDMASTEE WILDEE HUET BYYAED ENGINEGeorge W. Wilder, for forty yearsYardmaster of 'the Louisville &Nashville, at this point, is confinedto his home at 1421 Cypress street,as a result of injuries received Saturday morning, when he was struckby the yard engine in the SouthParis yards.Mr. Wilder was standing on aswitching track watching twofreight trains passing, and did nothear the approach of the yard engine. Happening to turn his headhe saw the engine, but too late toavoid being struck. He endeavoredto jump from the track, but was.struck and knocked from the ties.He was picked up by trainmen andtaken home where an examinationrevealed three fractured ribs, andcuts about the face and shouders.He was reported yesterday as resting comfortably.oBASE BALLThe "Fats" and "Leans" who battled in a 14 to 7 game at the Secondstreet ball park last week, won bythe "Leans," have arranged foranother game to be played on Tuesday, October 11, weather permitting.! The entire proceeds will be donatedto the Massie Memorial Hospital. Agame is also being arranged for thenear future between the lawyers andphysicians of Paris, the proceeds togo to the Bourbon County Healthand Welfare League.Despite the threatening weather,a crowd estimated at about onethousand gathered Sunday afternoon at the Second street park towitness the game between the ParisRuggles and the Mammoth Garageteam of Lexington. Both teams putup a good game, but the locals couldnot connect with Slomer's delivery,or put a runner across the homeplate The final score stood:Mammoth Garage 7, Paris Ruggles,0. The features of the game werethe hitting by Sauer, the pitchingof Slomer, of the Mammoth Garageteam, a sensational running catch byT. Burnett and the fielding andbatting of Woods, for the locals. Thebatteries were: For Paris, Camparoni and Carter; for the MammothGarage, Slomer and Heber. Umpire, Santen.oCUMBEELAND TELEPHONE'S LOCAL SEEVICE BETTEESome tiir - ' d THE NEWS printed an item voicing the sentiment ofa large number of patrons of theCumberland Telephone Co, m regardto the poor service rendered by thelocal exchange. During that periodMr. H. H. Floyd, local manager, wasout of the city, being in Petoskey,Mich., -for the relief of hay fever.In justice to Mr. Floyd, he asksus to state that the trouble whichexisted at that time, and for whichthere was just ground for complaint,has been entirely obviated, and thelocal patrons are getting splendidservice. Mr. Floyd stated to THENEWS that a part of the troublewas due to a few dissatisfied and disloyal employes under his jurisdiction, and that his superiors had entirely absolved him of personalblame in the matter. Several of the'experienced operators who had beemoff duty at the time have returned;and the service is now all that couldbe desired. THE NEW.S gladlygives publicity to Mr. Floyd's statement.LATEST PIGUEES IN THE BUB-LEY CAMPAIGN.The work of taking the censusof the tobacco crop in Bourboncounty, which has been in progressfor several days under the supervision of the Co-operative Burley Tobacco Marketing Association, is propressing rapidly, and., will, it wassaid yesterday, be finished in a fewdays.According to the latest figures onfile in the office of Chairman SamClay, the farmers of Bourbon countyhave to date signed over 7,479,238pounds of tobacco to the MarketingAssociation. This makes almosteighty-five per .cent, of the tobaccogrown in uouruou cuuuijr i."o j "?r,DEATHSCRAIGMrs. Alice Ware, of Paris, recived a message Saturday from Cynthiana, announcing the death of Mrs.W. H. Craig, of Harrison county.Mrs. Craig was the mother of Mrs.James K. Ware, of Danville, formerly of Cynthiana. The funeralwill take place in Battle GroveCemetery this afternoon. Dr. andMrs. Ware will attend.KENTUCKY BOYS STAE ON VIEGINIA VAESITYKentucky is represented on theUniversity of Virginia Varsity eleven this year by Sam Ward, of Paris,and Mike Hubbard, of Bardstown.Both Blue Grass lads are playingtheir first season of varsity footballbut have been members of the second string eleven for the past twoyears.Ward comes from a" family offootball players, his two olderbrothers having been members offormer University of Virginiateams. All three attended prepschool at Kentucky Military Institute. The present Virginia playeris recognized as one of the sturdiestguards on the squad. He is anaggressive player on the offense anda Bulwark of strengtn on tne defense. His stellar performance inlast Satuurday's battle against Davidson College, which resulted in a28 to a victory for the Old Dominion aggregation, drew much laudatory comment.PENALTY WILL SOON GO ONLIST YOUE PEOPEETY NOW!FOE TAXATION. THE PENALTYWILL SOON BE ON. ACT QUICKAND SAVE YOUBSELVES.MRS. MATTIE CLARK,Bourbon County Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. EEDMON, Deputy.tilllNov-T)PAEIS AND GEOEGETOWN PLAYTIE GAMEThe game of foot ball at Georgetown Friday afternoon between heGeorgetown and Paris High Schoolelevens, resulted in a tie, neitherteam making a score. The Parislads made a mighty struggle forthe .honor, but Georgetown was inthe way. The locals were accompanied by a large delegation of "rooters." The football elevens of the ParisHigh School and the CynthianaHigh School will meet in a game atMcClintock Field, on Winchesterstreet, in this city Friday afternoon,October 7. at 2:30 o'clock. Paris isexpecting a good fast game on thisoccasion. Cynthiana defeated theFalmouth High School team last Friday by a ocsre of 49 to 0, while Parisheld the Georgetown team to a tie- i on Main street, in Millersburg, to J. -lessscore. , O. Ralls, for ?3,550.frjifr$fliiX"l'K,4'fl'tlltM'4"MThe Call ofm II ' II U r ,m II -III r Ifi INDIAN RtANKEIS'ygk!1BLANKETSFancy Plaid and Solid Colors.InAll WoolWool and Cotton Mixture-'- All CottonPRICES RANGE $1.50 to $20.00 EACH fFRANK & CO.'foiii ii ii rri mi ii ill ii imri i nHMiiB0UEB0N EEPEESE1TTATTVIPEEDICTS DEM0C1ATICSUCCESSA Democratic majority of twmty "members in the Lower House at thcoming session of the State Legifclature, which will convene in FtaMkrfort, January 3, is predicted by Representative James H. Thompson, ofvBourbon county, floor leader of thDemocrats in the last session, whohas just returned to Paris from atour of many sections of the State.Mr. Thompson said he had travel- & xed through pratically all of thedistricts and in many had been im iclose touch with the situation. la.some places, however, he swiid, he? -hadonly the views of district poll,ticians to support his statements."In the First District we will,gain two members," said Mr.Thompson. "In the Third District -whichis normally Democratic, the 'Democrats will return to the Houseabout the same number that represented the district before . ThFourth District will have but fewchanges, though Democrats frost ;Louisville are confident they will "Jwin two seats in. the House. TeSixth District along with the Ser-enth, are both all right, and wilLreturn their usual large Democraticmajorities. Most encouraging comditions exist in the Ninth and Teath,and it would not surprise me to seethe Democrats make several gains -inthese districts."0CT0BEE C0UET DAY.October court day was a rathertame affair, there being but a amalLcrowd in town, and only a smalLamount of business beng transactedin the stock line. Trading was dulLon the market- A few horses' a&dmules and several cattle changedhands at fairly good prices. Merchants report the opening of falltrade reasonably good, and collections about an average. Farmerwere too busy with trying" to gettheir tobacco housed to come totown.EEAL ESTATE DEALSAuctioneer George D. Speakes, ofHarris, Speakes & Harris, sold atpublic auction for Chas. M Skillman,administrator of the A. J. Skillman.estate, the one-story frame cottageat the corner of Chaplin and Secondstreets, to Charles M. Skllman, for .$2,600. He also sold twenty sharesof the Farmers' and Traders' Bank:capital stock, belonging" to the estate, in blocks of from one to' fiveshares, at an average of $140 ashare. Household and kitchen: fur-niture brought good prices.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yes-terday at the court house door inParis for Master Commissioner J. A.Boone, of the Clark Circuit Court;,the George W. Bramblette property.,Cool Weather IA!14L-t:v-v2T T- a iF.r...KV'l.'V,V'-V?rKB-'W. ,lJ.Aai&rl',:GiJi34&., ??.. -it istfir.v-Mv At7 -w,-t ..'-435LrSJH4V'W-fc .-x V.i. ttlVi-V f,f. -fcS-Ai- -.rw.-t wU."l PiWgPl,f ,PAGE TWOTHF! BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,- KENTUCKT.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1121flJ.fik"tfTHE CHAN GIHQ- TIMESA caravan moved this summerfrom Brooklyn, N. Y., to Idaho, whereits members have purchased homes.They traveled in autos and motortrucks, cooked on gasoline stovesand camped at night in portablehouses.If you could turn back the clock& hundred years you would see pioneers making the same trip westward in "prairie schooner" wagonsjdrawn by horses or even oxen. Tho3eearly stealers had a rough life whilethey were on wheels, and it wasn'tmuch better after they had reachedtheir journey's end and had builttheir log cabins.Suppose one of those pioneers,with prophetic vision, had said to liisneighbor, "I see a caravan travelingwest in 1921. Their wagons runwithout animals hitched to them. Incamp at night, they bring out awooden box that sings and talks."Such a man would have beentaken to a doctor and later to alunatic asylum if he had persistedin his prophecies.The contrast, then with now,shows you how a century has changed the mode of living in this country.Can your imagination picture thechanges another century will bring?Germany punished her war criminals just about as severely as we punished our war profiteers."Korrcct" DressStyle No. 412Misses' Sues14 to 18Women's Sues3Sto 46The beautiful dress pictured atthe left is of good quality tricotine; trimmed back andfront, with self t?bs and braidembroider)-. Colors, block,brown and r.rvy blue. Thisis a stylish dress and very wellmadespecial asVp-ter(bntKorrect" DressStyle No. 455Misses' SeesIf to 18Women's Sizes36 to 46The handsome dress on theright is made of French sergeand is exactly as pictured. Itis braid trimmed with invertedpockets at the sides. Colors,navy blue and black. Ai i i imgii grace aress at a veryspecialprice - - -$17.50Special Offering of"KORRECT" DRESSESKow eager one is these days to lay aside used things and wearclothes so supremely, delightfully new as these "Korrect"dresses.And what a pleasure it is again to be able to get a fine highquality Mabiey dress for a price so reasonable.-the fit and the wear of theseMabley's guarantees the quality-dresses.CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNDED 1&77.Fountain Square, CINCINNATITo the Burley Tobacco Growers and All WhoDesire To Do Business of Any Kind with ThemMR. FARMER Have you ever had anything to say about the price youkave gotten for your tobacco in the past? You are the only man inAe world in that position.MR. TENANT FARMER What chance on earth have you to own a homeof your own with tobacco at present or recent prices?MR. MERCHANT Don't you make more money when the tobacco grower is prosperous?MR. BANKER Don't your deposits grow when the farmer is prosperous?MR. LAWYER AND MR. DOCTOR Aren't your fees paid more promptlyifben the farmer is prosperous?THE BURLEY TOBACCO GROWERS COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION isbeing organized by the farmers to insure them a living price fortkeir tobacco, in place of dumping it on the market the same eightweeks every year and taking just what the other fellow may be willfcg to give for it.1RY BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL MAN in the Burley Districtkas a direct interest in the success of this organization and hundredso them are giving unselfishly of their time and paying their ownexpenses to help make it a success.EENWCKIANS CAN DO WHAT OTHERS CAN DO. The people of other States have made co-operative marketing a success. We can doit, too.- SIGN YOUR 1921 CROP IMMEDIATELY with your county chairman, orwuie for information to .Burley Tobacco Growers Co-Operative .x' . Association1 i$tfittf 5.sRopm 4, Johns Building, Lexington, Ky.,, . ' rj,EDITORIAL FUNGS OF THIS.THAT EN MOTHERIf money talksAs some folks tell,To most of usIt says "Farewell."They are going to make skirtslUllgei. oumcuuu; xo aivrujo xncin.- iing it harder for the paragraphwriters.As a general thing, when a Parisman comes back from his vacationhe finds that the town has grown lessthan his debts have.Any socity editor who can devote a half-column to a description of a modern costuume has anenviable vocabulary.Headline in paper says: "IncomeTax Reports Overbur Mail,"Guess one could say same thingabout the males, too!If it is true that Woodrow "Wilson gets along with three servantsand a "used" automobile he mustbe a man of marvelous amiability,and a good mechanic as well.The difference between MotherEve and the modern Paris woman isthat Mother Eve never made a holler about having nothing to wearand not being all dressed up for theoccasion.Calling a man a liar is the lastword in wasted talk. If he is aliar he already knows it, and youare springing old stuff on him. Ifhe isn't one, you are, and he hasfound it out.mA Kentucky judge has given hisendorsement to jazz music. He evidently believes that music must notonly have power to soothe the savage, breast, but to make the savagewiggle, too.By refusing to pay $40 for an autumn lid Postmaster-General Hayshas set us all a good example.Would any Paris woman follow suitand give an exemaple of independand give an example of independ-It is said Thomas Edison sleepsfour or five hours every day. Thomaswould have a hard time putting infour hours sleeping in Paris in theday time, with the street construction machiner, noisy truckc anda thousand other noise-producingagencies at work!BEAUTY AND THE BEASTOnce upon a time a maliciousfairy transformed a Prince into anugly beast. But Beauty came andloved him in spite of looks, and whenhe loved her in return, it broke thespell, and he became once more h.stalwart, handsome Prince.The Prince is always the boy thatreads the tale and the book saysthat Beauty was a lovely maiden, iwho became the Prince's bride. Butsome psychologists say that the realBeauty was not so much the bride asthe wonderful model that all bridesmust live up to, the one perfect being, the first and truest love thatchild or man ever had his mother.She it is whose love charms awaythe evil passions that turn Princesinto ugly animals.t How well the story fits! Fornothing but evil moods and passionscan make one ugly and beastial. Theyonly have the evil magic. And it isthe beautiful things of life, like thewonderful mother, the lovely maidenor a glimpse of nature, a sunsettouch a chorus ending from "Epripides" that break the spell and giveone back his human inheritance.SOME OF THE BESfc THINGSA writer in one of the currentmagazines enumerates some of thebest things to be had. For instance:The best law The golden rule.The best edjucation Self-knowledge.The best philosophy A contentedmind.The best medicine Cheerfulnessand temperance.The best music The laughter of alittle child.The best war The fifht againstone's own weakness.The best science Extracting sunshine from a cloudy day.The best art Fainting a smileupon the face of a child.The best telegraphy Flashing 'aray of sunshine into a gloomy heart.The best biography the life thatwrites charity in the largest letters.The best mathematics Multiplying the joys and dividing the sorrowsof others.There are other best things, ofcourse, but these are some of thebest things of life and they arewitliing the reach of all of us who wantthem. And how much better off wewould all be if we would strive forthese best things every day.A Conundrum."Father," said a little boy thoughtfully, as he watched his parent collect his notes and arrange the slidesfor .a parish entertainment, "why Isit that when you spend your holidaym the Holy land you always give alantern lecture on it? You never dowhen you havebeen to Paris l" London Horning Post.LostA gold bar pin with diamond incenter, between The Leader storeand Frank & Co., on Thursday. Finder return to NEWS office and receivereward. (23-tf)For RentFour nicely furnished upstairsrooms in excellent location, at reasonable price. For further information call THE NEWS office, eitherphone 124.We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.Give me a call. Home Phone 248,Cumb. Phone 402,HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(aug!5-tf)Farm Loans!5 or 10 Year Loans onGood Land.S. T. & E. W. Randall227 West Short St.Lexington, Ky.(sep30-9t)URSANINGJM nrMnnn lut-BCBAiniue-ri eiyiweh nbiiuukunw-nbrnimnu-vujwinuriM A I'TI'CVrUK ilUKAbtGREJB1138WETANariMAKEUPSKINS OF YOUR OWN CATCHGREEN & GREEN. FurriersINCORPORATED1138 S. Third LOUISVILLE. KY.(aug2-eow-12t)For Sale PrivatelyTwo New 7-Room HousesLocated on North Clifton AvenueEach house contains 7 rooms, 2 halls, bathfront and back porches, 5 big presses and pantry.Both houses are en concrete foundation and haveasphalt shingle roof. Concrete pavement will belaid in front and houses will be fully screenedpiped for gas and fitted with electric lights.These are both high class homes, built withthe idea of getting the most comfort and convenience for the money invested.One is now being painted inside, the otherone could be painted to suit the customer.We believe we can make the price on thesehomes as low as it is possible to build themand as low as it will be possible to build them forseveral years.Possession can be given about Oct. 1st to 10th.Bourbon Lumber Co.M. PEALE COLLIER; ManagerFor SaleOne new Avery 8-16 tractor withpilot guide and Grand Detour Itinch 2-bottom plow. Price, $600, iftaken at once.J. S. WILSON & BRO.,(sept-13-8t) Paris, Ky.Mattresses RemadeWe take your old mattress, renovate it and put on a new tick whichmakes it as good as new. Give us atrial. We will call for and returnsame.Call Cumb. Phone 1042.PARIS BEDDING CO.(augl9-tf)For SaleA splendid C. G. Conn's C MelodySaxophone. Finish A. Inquire atHamilton's Pool Room, '332 Mainstreet(30-2t W. M. HAMILTON.We Pack CreamHome-Made Ice Cream packeddelivered at sixty cents per quartAll orders for Sunday must be placed Saturday by six o'clock. No orderspacked less than half-gallon.Brick Cream prepared on specialorders.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,Both Phones 494. 429 Main St.(sep-9-tf)2fi BSJBri rBBl I mm u DCNlTmlNjirNEW DANCE HITS20573O Mc! OMy! Fox Trot NteholaOrlando's OrchestraMini, Fox Trot. Nicholas Orlando'sOrchestra.2375Listening, Fox Trot. Merry Melody"Men.Svranec Rose, One Step. MerryMelody Men.20578Peaches, Fox Trot Selvin's NoyeltyOrchestra.Life is All Sunshine With You, FoxTrot. Selvin's Novelty Orchestra.20579ulienne, (A Franco-American FoxTrot. Benaie Krueger and HisOrchestra.Stole Kisses, Fox Trot. CasinoDance Orchestra.20580The Last Waltz, from "The LastWaltz," Waltz. Hazay Natzay'sOrchestra.Open Anns, Fox Trot. Casino DanceOrchestra.OVBROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.rfaiLowest PricesEver Quotedon Titan andInternational TractorsThe Harvester Company has made another big pricecut on Titan and International Tractors. This reduction wipes out all former advances and puts thesetractors at-the lowest prices at which they have everbeen sold. We are offering:International 8-16, $900This price is about one-fourth less than that of March1, 1921. The new price includes all necessary equipmentplatform, fenders, governor, belt pulley whichcost extra on some tractors.Titan 10-20, $900This is the lowest price ever quoted on the Titan,considering equipment included (formerly sold extra).At this price the Titan 3-plow tractor is the best value inthe farm power field.International 15-30, $1,750This also is lower than any former price. Younot find a better 4-plow tractor for the money,can-All prices are f . o. b. Chicago. The Harvester Company advises us these prices are made regardless ef manufacturing costs and that they do not guarantee tomaintain them. These prices certainly justify the immediate purchase of a tractor. jgWe can arrange suitable terms for you. Come inand see us.C. S. BALL GARAGEV' a. -.' n- roHRTn nnn mmm.mm ?--SlMl.it4.i.m -.. -,. -,,,.. V?"', - -, .I ,-x?I-y"y3iLj -tt .,' c,"'A3f-'. -?--JtJpr TUESDAY OCTOBER 4, 192!19THE BOURBOK NEWS, PARIS, KEItfUCClPACSTfflUUr:"'V16 BOUBBON COUNTY CULLS LAYTHREE EGGS IN WEEKThat is it possible to eliminatethe loafer hens from the poultryflock by means of the culling methodbeing demonstrated over the Stateby poultry specialists from the College of Agriculture at Lexingon isshown by results which have justbeen reported by Mrs. Geo. H. Current, Paris, Bourbon county, who hadher flock of 57 Rhode Island Redhens culled as a demonstration forfarmers in that vicinity. The 16hens removed as cuulls produced atotal of three eggs during the weekfollowing their removel from theflock, according to the report.One week previous to the cullingthe entire flock of 57 hens produceda total of 74 eggs, while the 41 henswhich were kept as layers produceda total of 95 eggs during the weekfollowing the demonstration. Theseresults are typiccal of those whichhave been in many flocks of theState following the removal of henswhich show by their characteristics.'that they have stopped laying for thewinter, poultry specialists of the college say. More than 15 Bourboncounty farmers were taught themethod of culling poultry by attending the demonstration on Mrs. Current's farm.KHODA BOYEL CIECUS COMESHEBE THURSDAY- Difficulties Have Value.A happiness that Is quite undisturbed becomes tiresome; we musthave our ups and downs; the difficulties which are mingled with loveawaken passion and increase pleasure.A SPECIALFor Week Oct. 3 to 9ONE GALLONWHITE KAROORWHITE SEALper gallonNot over 2 gallons to eachpersonThursday, October 6, is only afew houurs away and all young Parisand Bourbon county people will beat Paris early to watch the imlnn.fi-ng of the animals and tents of thei Rhoda Royal World Toured TIitppRing Shows. The above enterpriseis no small affair and as well as thekiddies, mamma and papa will be onhand to once more get the odor ofthe tan bark and recall sweetmemories of younger days, for whoamong us does not look back withjoy to the time when we stole quietly away from home on Circusmorning and long before noon foundourselves, if we were girls, feedingthe elephants peanuts, or if we wereboys we were caught trying to getunder the side walls, or carry waterin the menagerie tents for a pass.Many novel featuures are carriedthis year, among which afe the famous Riding Stickneys, recentlyfrom Europe, but not new to our local friends, as for many years theyhave been leading equestrians withForepaugh-Sells Ringlin and otherpig circuses. Then comes the greatLester in a class by himself, andknown simply as the mystery man.The famous Milman trio of highwire artists, the parents of the famous Bird Milman, the mother washer teacher, then she must be good.The royal troop of . white libertyhorses, andi the only Rhoda Royalin person conducting his hie:hlv educated troop equines in the gathering:I of the garlands.Then the Bucking Bronchoes. Thefunny old clowns and somethinghappening in the large four polecircus tent for over two hours, including roping by the cow boys andcow girls, Indians and others.Two performances will be givenat the circus grounds in Paris, one.at 2 p. m., the other at 8:30. Doorsopening one hour earlier. Grandfree street pageant at 10 a. m. dayof show. A series of free exhibitionsWill TlP- citron on rofnrn V.,-vgrounds. Tell your friends and letan be kiddies together once againfor a day, and mingle with eachother at the circus.Logan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179SOCIETY POLKS BEADiOur line of samples of the famous' Jenner Line of Yuletide Greeting1 Cards has just arrived. This is thebest line that can be purchased. Lotsof our customers were forced lastseason to make several selections onaccount of the line selling out soquickly. Come in during Septemberand place your order and be sure andget what you want and while the variety of stock is complete.THE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) ENGRAVING DEPARTMENT.oThere are only eight automobiles inLiberia but who wants to move toLiberia?White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tf)Expert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars WashedCIRCUS COMING!pBpSgw Q-J9?Mt I "Sill1IOO00 6HOWP Or THAWED CtlPHUnrsVl5th AnnualWorld's TourOF THEWORLD'S2ND LARGESTINDEPENDENTCIRCUSPROGRAM DE LUXERiding StickneysAerial LloydsThe LinnegarsAddie NorenbergCasting Russells4 Lykens 4Collier FamilyAl. PowellRose Ballet200 ALL STAR 200HIPPODROMEFEATURESEARTHS MAMMOTHANIMALSCongress FreaksWILDONEDAYADMISSION PRICES THURSDAYLow RateExcursionsPARISAdults ..... 60 centsChildren ... 30 centsIncluding TaxOCT6SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Richard Greeorv. wpII -known'farmer, is very ill at his home nearjrans.Miss Fannie Rye is a guest ofher aunt, Mrs. Finley Norris, in Mt.Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Judy havereturned from a two-weeks' stav atSwango Springs.Mrs. W. K. Griffin has returned from a visit to relatives in Washington, D. C, and Hagertown, Md.Martin Heller, of Huntngton,West Va., is visiting his parents,Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Heller, of Secondstreet.Mr. William Latham has returned to Paris from a visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Latham, inOwingsville.Mrs. David S. Cooper has returned to her home in Burlington,Ky., after a visit to Paris friendsand relatives.Mrs. Jerry Keller has returnedto her home in this city after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Keller,in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. John McDermotthave returned from their bridaltrip to Charleston, South Carolina,and are at home to their friends.Miss Mary Gray Erion, dauugh.ter of Mr. nd Mrs. George Erion,is ill with typhoid fever, at the family home on South Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Shackleford, Miss Mattie Hite and Mr. Gideon Tucker, of Cincinnati, spent Sunday in Paris as guests of relatives.Mrs. Will G. McClintock, Mrs.Walter Shropshire and Mrs. CharlesMay were guests last week of Mrs.Gay Shropshire, in Fayette county.Mr. and Mrs. Warren Kennedyand Miss Cordia Bell have returnedto their homes near Carlisle, aftera visit to Mr. George Wilson, x nearParis.Miss Josephine Fithian, studentat the University of Kentucky,spent the week-end in Paris as guestof her mother, Mrs. Macie WhiteFithian.Dr. Martha Petree returnedyesterday from Oregon, Mo., whereshe was called by the serious illnessof her mother, Mrs. Lucy Petree,who is reported as being greatly improved. J. A. Morrison, Superintendentof the Kentuccky division of the L.& N., and W. V. Shaw, general agentat Paris, have returned from a twoweeks' pleyasure trip to Camp Walton, Fla.Miss Phyllis Nelson, head nurseat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, has resigned that positionand returned to her home in Lynchburg, Va., on account of illness inher family.L. D. Harris, George D. Speakesand Ray Harris, of Harris, Speakes& Harris, realtors, have returnedfrom Washington Court House, O.,where they conducted a successfulsale of lots Saturday.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay entertained with an afternoon tea yesterdayat her country home, "Auvergne,"near Paris for a few friends, in honor of Mrs. James Campbell Cantrill,of Washington, D. C.Mrs. John T. Collins and daughters, Misses Marie and Louise Collins, are visiting Mrs. Robert M.Hopkins, in St. Louis, Mo. On theirreturn they will occupy theirtown residence, at the corner ofHigh street and Broadway.Mrs. Walter Kenney will entertain at her beautiful country homeon the North Middleown road, tomorrow afternoon, at one o'clock,with a luncheon, and on Fridayevening at six-o.'clock, will be hostess to the members of the CountryBridge Club.Harry O. James writes from HotSprings, Ark., to THE NEWS as follows: "I am nicely located here atthe home of Mrs. Gray, one of thefinest old ladies I ever met, just likea good old mother, and am under thecare of a fine physician, Dr. C. E.Garrett. I have never seen a placeimprove like Hot Springs has. Ihardly knew it. The thugs, theives,bunco men and robbers have beenrun out and the place is full of goodpeople. I find everything reasonablein price, and am getting along verynicely. People here from all overthe United States."(Other Personals on Page 5)MR. TOBACCOGROWERv -?.RememberJanuary 3, 1921SIGN YOUR CONTRACT NOWBURLEY MARKETINGASSOCIATIONss.WORDSFRMROMEAGENTS WANTEDWe want a lady or gentlemanagent to handle city trade in Paris,and other vacant cities. This is awonderful opportunity as you willbe retailing the genuine J. R. Watkins Products, including WatkinsCocoanut Oil, Shampoo, Garda FacePowder, Fruit Drinks, and over 173other products. Write to-day forfree samples and particularsTHE J. R. WATKINIS CO.,. Dept. 69, Memphis, Tenn.(oct4-2t)COBTTBN'S MINSTRELS AT OPERAHOUSE TO-NIGHTMinstrels may come and minstrelsmay go, but "Cobe" goes on forever.The minstrel with the most personality, the most singers and the bestsingers, the minstrel that reaches theheart and holds its own year in andyear out.That's Coburn's Minstrels.The line of grey is here to-day.and its exactly as advertised,Charley Gano and all, and with agreat many people Charley Gano isan. 'That is they feel they don't needanything else in the show if thepopular comedian leader is with thecompany. And Gano is hereAnd so with the other players, thefun makers, the singers and thesingers and the splendid big band.It s a real minstrel show, this Coburn Show.Cleveland, Detroit and St. Louishave become" inland seaports for theexportation of passenger cars, motortrucks and tractors.But only those who have used theirheads have been ableto make foot City Time)prints on the sand of time.Statements That May Be Investigated Testimony ofParis CitizenWhen a Paris citizen comes to thefront, telling his friends and neighbors of his experience, you can relypn his sincerity. The statementsof people residing in far away placesdo not command your confidence.Home endorsement is the kind thatbacks Doan's Kidney Pills. Such testimony is convincing. Investigationproves it true. Below is a statement of a Paris resident. No stronger proof if merit can be had.Joe Kiely, proprietor shoe repairshop, 11 Seventh street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pill did me a worldof good and I take pleasure in recommending them to anyone suffering with kidney trouble. I was asufferer from kidney complaint andmy kidneys were weak and the secretions were highly colored andcontained sediment. I lost my sleepat night as there was no let up tothe pain in my back. I got fourboxes of Doan's Kidney Pills at Ardery's Drug Store and used them according to direction. They rid meof the trouble entirely."Price 60c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Kiely had. Foster-Mil-burnCo, Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.-cTheir Debts.Some people feel they owe so muchto themselves they never pay anybodytlse. Cartoons Magazine.FOYS PAINTSAND VARNISHESPRICES AT OLD TIME LEVELSBeat Winter To ItPaint This FALLDon't wait till next Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection it' yields. Fall is the time to paint forprotective purposes. Surfaces aredrier and better prepared to takek , paint. They need protection most-, - Just before winter attacks them.' - Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesFall PlantingOf all kinds of Hardy Trees,Shrubs, Hedge, ttrape vines,Roses, Perennials, Evergreens,Rhubarb, etc., is recommended.Our catalog price list and guideis free to everyone interested ingood nursery stock. No agents.H. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsLexington, Ky.(sep30-8wks)ECINCINNATIXCURSIONand returnvia$2.35--L & N.--$2.35Sunday, Oct. 9, 1921KANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AD PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 3991 ! I'4I'I' ! ! ! ! ! ! '! '! '! ! 'I- ! ! ! 'I' ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! t ! ! ! 1 1 1 joKEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse Electric FanWe have them all sizes. Special cash discount. Call andsee our stock.T. W. SPICERSpecial train -will leave Paris at8:JL0 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.I 1TV ' III Kl. i'Ul JLU.tUOA .J.ti6n,comsult Local Ticket Asent. .ill M 1H II 1 1 1 11 H till III! 1 1 1 1 1 1 MH tl III HH.HIIMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEif1y:J3I,.- vr"-viiX,-1 '7i - .. - Mil " -TTTrrlTT- " ' TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, "lMlPACK FOUKrrTHB BOUKBON NJSWS.i FARIS, J&.EJNTUUJ&71f-144I JThere are two sides to every question and it is a good pjan to stay onthe outside if you can.RELIGIOUSTheGold WeatherIs Here !WE HAVESweatersFor Men2.50 TO 10.00SLIP-OVERSFor Boys and Young Menin School Colors of Blackand Gold.CHILDREN'SSWEATERSIn Fancy and Plain Colors,3 to 8 years old.$2.00,$2.50,$3.00For Your SweaterCome and See UsPrice & Go.Clothiersand Furnishersj The iJlission Circcle of the Paris! Christian Church will hold its regular monthly meeting with Mrs.Fayette Ardery at her home onSouth Main street, this (Tuesday)afternoon, October 4, at 2:30 p. m.All members are requested to bepresent.A revival meeting is in progressat the North Middletown Christianchurch, conducted by the pastor,Rev. Frank M. Tinder, and Rev. H.H. "Webb, of Covington. The musicis in charge of Mr. A. L. Boatright,of the Paris Christian church.Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary of Kentucky Conference Sunday School Board, left this morningto attend the State Convention ofthe Kentucky Sunday School Association, which convenes in that cityOctober '16, in Grace M. E. Church.Mr. S.napp is on the program Wednesday to speak on the subject of, "Methodist Sunday Schools in Kentucky." i The Kentucky Synod of thePresbyteran church, U. S. A., willhold the annual session October 11,12 and 13 with the Presbyterianchurch at FrankfQrt. Dr. Charles. Welsh, pastor of the Fourth Avenue Presbyterian church, of Louisville, will deliver the opening sermon, and a million dollar campaignfor the benefit of the educationalinstitutions of the church will beamong the phases of church workdiscussed during the cessions. 'CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW!THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARE '467,500,000 pounds last year, accordLODGE NOTESBeginning next Thursday night,Rathbone Lodge, No. 12, Knights ofPythias, will meet at 7:30 oclock.Keep this change of time in yourmind, and be present on time. Eachmember should bring a new mem"ber. The lodge members will missmuch by not attending these meetings, as they are very interesting.As the District meeting will be heldin Paris on Thursday, October 20,many will be looked after, and themembers are urged to come to themeetings to discuss the entertainment program. The First Rank willbe conferred on several candidatesat this meeting, and the membersof the teams are expected to put onthe work in their most approvedstyle as the Grand Lodge officers willbe present to witness it.The Pythin Sisters, womans' auxiliary of the Knights of Pythias, willmeet to-night (Tuesday) in calledsession. Important business is to betransacted. By order of the MostExcellent Chief.The initiatory degree was conferred on several candidates at themeeting last night of Bourbon LodgeI. O. O. F. The conferring of thework was followed by a musical program, making the meeting a very interesting one throughout.oKENTUCKY" CROP REPORT PORSEPTEMBER.Qm go e (Kentucky's crop prospects now indicate the production of a corn cropof only about 91,991,000 bushels,compared to 100,650,000 bushels in1920, and a tobacco crop of only,41,738,000 pounds, compared toNOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALL ing t0 the September crop report issuAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLY I ed at Louisville and Frankfort, byAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLES-DEPOSITBANK AND TRUSTCOMPANY.C. K. THOMAS,(Oct 4-tf) Collector.oTAKES HOSPITAL POSITIONDr. A. E. Kiser, of Paris, leftSunday for Richmond, Indiana,where he takes a position as staffphysician in the Richmond Hospital.Dr. Kiser is one of the best knownphysicians of Paris, and a high-classgentleman, with whom Paris peopleare loath to part. He built up alnnrnHvA rtrao.tip.et dlirins: his reSl.MW.M..--..N-' ! - .- w CJ - . . X. - VV,WWV -.-.. v..dence here, and was highly esteemed J last year; peaches 126,000 bushelsthe United States Bureau of Marketsand Crop Estimates, in co-operationwith State Commissioner of Agriculture W. C. Hanna.Oats are estimated at 6,782,000bushels, compared to 8,225,000 bushels produced last year; potatoes 3,'741,000 bushels, compared to 6,435,000 bushels last year; sweet potatoes 1,727,000 bushels, compared to,1,890,000 bushels; barley 108,000bushels, compared to 112,000; totalapples 1,172,000 bushels, comparedto 5,780,000; commercial apples,only 59,000 barrels (of 3 bushelseach) compared to 250,000 barrelsall who knew him.FARM WANTEDWanted to hear from owner of afarm or good land for sale, pricereasonable.L. JONES.(It) Box 551, Olney, 111.Bourbon Nurseriesfew is the Time to PlantGet your trees and shrubs establishedbefore winter.BOURBON NURSERIESMeinertz & HarperProprietors$5.00 in CASH $5.00TO ANY ONE WHO PURHASESA COAT OR A SUITTUESDAY-WEDNESDAY-THURSDAYOCTOBER 4th 5th AND 6thJUST MAKE YOURPURCHASE ANDASK FOR YOUR $5AND IT WILL BEGIVEN TO YtUWE MUST MAKE UP FOR THIS LOSS OFA DAY'S BUSINESS AND SO OFFER YOU$500 IN CASH $5.00GIVEN AWAY FREEcompared to 1,560,000 bushels lastyear; pears 36,000 bushels, compared to 308,000 bushels last year, andsorghum for sirup 4,406,000 gallons,compared to 4,845,000 gallons lasiyear.These forecasts are subject to revision upward or downward later inthe season, depending on favorableor unfavorable conditions.The recent favorable weather hashad a tendency to increase the earlier estimates of tobacco productionin Kentucky. The State's total tobacco acreage is about 30 per centless than last year, and about 39per cent less than in 1919. TheUnited States total tobacco crop nowis estimated to be only about 943,000,000 pounds, compared to 1,508,064,0000 pounds produced last year.Hogs on hand for fastening in Kentucky are 5 per cent less than thenumber on hand for fattening September 1, 1920. In the United Statesthere now are 1.1 per cent, fewerhogs for fattening than on September 1, 1920.Condition of minor crops in Kentucky is: Buckwheat 85; cloverfor seed 77; millet 84; pasture 85:field peas 86; field beans 79; broomcorn 81; cabbage 68; onions 82; tomatoes 72; grapes 51; pears 10.oHOME-KILLED MEATSHOME-KILLED MEATS OTOSPECIALTY. WAGON WITH BELLON IT PASSES YOUR DOOR.C. H. MTJLEQTGER.(septl3-tf)OPTIMISM.$80V,-DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKY '-'" uv3 tr.The optimist is a handy fellovwith a smile. He spreads it aroundregardless. And it catches and,like when one casts a stone into apool, the waves recede in circles until they are oue of sight. So onesmile breeds another and they go onand on until they "buck up" againstthe rocky shore of a pessimist, andthere they stop.Optimism is an asset in humansthat is sure to refine the pure goldof commerce or of contentment, orboth. Be one. He takes the mosthopeful view, looks on the brightestside. He says that whatever occursis right and good. His opposite, thepessimist, is a moving Mr. Gloom,a grouch whose personality resentsthe rain, the sunshine, the clouds andthe cold. Nothing suits.But everything is fine to the optimist. The rain that dampens thepessimist's ardor puts life into vegetation. The sun that dazzles theeyes of the pessimist is a gift of Godto- the optimist. And he laughs andsmiles his way through the world,communicating the kindly trait ufoptimism to all with whom he comesin contact.Optimism is a swell disease and theworld ought to have more of it.HOSIERYSPECIALODDS AND ENDSjtColors, Grey,Black,FieldMouse, Blue, Pink,Champagne, Etc.$3.00 and $3.50 ValuesChoicet$1.48Per PairHARRY SIMON"The Daylight Store"ii1 224 W. Main StreetLexington, KentuckyFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00"A news item says King Georgeplays golf in his shirt sleeves. Butwhat else does he wear.Mr. Ford is selling more of his ma'chines than ever; but is this a signof returning prosperity?oThe construction of a highway be-'tween .Tokyo and Ybkahama hasbn authorized by the. JapaneseGoyernmenti w " " - SfWiflvilpAVJAmWALSH'SRight Here You'll Find theSmartest Showing of Men'sand Young Men's Suits in ParisStart in right now to provide for your Fall Clotheswants. They're here today priced right and thatmeans a saving for you.Men and young men who keep abreast of the stylesknow that this store can be counted on as having thelatest and, added to this, long-wearing fabrics are selected in the newest patterns and color tones.Now is the time to select your Fall Suit and this isthe place to come and pick it out for this store is knownfor the splendid values it gives.Men's and Young Men's Suits$18.00 to $55.00Select Your FurnishingsNow, TooShirts Hats Caps$1.00 to $7.50 $2.50 to $10.00 $1.00 to $3.00Ties50c to $1.50Sweaters$5.00 to $12.50Hosiery15c to $1.00R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price Store Pari. KvHome Phone 448 'Cumh. rhn qac543M j; iK-" vHi- "--' - " .. .Z1 "-?, sr; v. t-r K4 v -V ,-iT.V.J-''? ,J.7.' -r TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1921THE BOURBON KEWS. ARIS KINTfTGUPAGE FIT 1&vfv ":& Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseHELD TO GRAISD JUEYIn the County Court, L. T. Leach,-who was presented on a varrantcharging him with obstructing justice by removing witnesses beyondthe jurisdiction of Bourbon CountyCourt, entered a plea of not guilty,ixroivpri examining: trial and was heldto the grand jury in the sum of,$250.TWO RIBS FRACTUREDThe delivery truck of the GrinnellBros' cleaning establishment, driven by Cletis Chipley, an employe,crashed into a telephone pole Saturday morning, damaging the machineslightly. Chipley was thrownagainst the side of the truck, fracturing two ribs. He was removed tohis home and given medical attention. oTTATT. RUINS TOBACCOA severe hailstorm in the Clintonville and Jacksonville vicinitiesruined tobacco and other crops belonging to J. J. Sharrard, Jack Howard, Roma Purcell, Ira Parks & Son,Jos. Ewalt, Morton Mann, Ed Prindell and Ed. Brooks. A high windat the same time blew down fencing and trees. About seventy-fiveacres of tobacco was riddled by thehail.BOURBON NURSERIESCORNER LEXINGTON ANDBETHLEHEM! PIKES.MEINERTZ & HARPER,PROPRIETORS.PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theTegular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated). -oA CARD OP APPRECIATIONThe Health and Velfare Leaguedesires to thank publicly all thosewho in any way helped to put onthe ball game between the Fatsand "Skinnies." About $140 wasnetted for the treasury, and cameat a most opportune time. TheLeague also desires to thank TUiuBOURBON NEWS for their couresyin publishing this card.oAPPELLATE COURT ORDERIn the Couurt of Appeals at Frankfort, Friday, the following order affecting a' Bourbon county case wasentered:Harris, Speakes & Harris vs.vs. Kreigle, Bourbon; joint motionto docket and grant appellee 60days time to brief submitted.POTTER SHOE COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE COMINGThe Potter Shoe Company, Cincinnati, 0., will display the advanced modes in both footwear and hosiery at the Windsor Hotel, on Monday, October 10. We believe an inspection of our line this season willbe of mutual interest. Mr. E. L.Franken will be in charge.t 4-Zt )CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW!THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME PORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFCE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMPANY. C.K THOMAS.(Oct 4-tf) Collector.HIGH SCHOOL LYCEUM COURSEPERSONALSColeman Renick, of Chicago, isa guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.B. M. Renick, of Duncan avenue.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Gragg, ofHamilton, Ohio, are visiting friendsare relatives in this city and county.Mrs. Robert H. Winn, of Mt.Sterling, is visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Jesse Turnev. near Paris.Miss Nancy Clay Hancock,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock, of Paris, returned Friday fromCincinnati, where she underwent asuccessful operation for removal oftonsils.Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Davis, ofColumbia, South Carolina, who areguests at the home of Mrs. John T.Hinton, in this city, recently seleVrated the sixtieth anniversary oftheir marriage.Mrs. David Bachrach and children, who have been guests of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Wollstein, during the past summer, returned Sunday to their home in Dallas, Texas.Miss Patsey Clark, one of themonth's bride-elects, was the guestlpf honor at a handkerchief showergiven by Mrs. J. W. Bacon at herhome on Cypress street. Luncheonwas served by the hostess, assistedby her sisters, Misses Behrman, ofNewport, and Miss Clare Bacon, ofParis. The guest of honor receiveda large number of beautiful handkerchiefs and entertained the guestswith several beautifully renderedsolos.A farewell reception was givenMiss Patsey Clark, bride-elect, by theonembers of the Baptist MissionarySociety, in which she has been an ardent worker. The decorations wereof garden flowers. Music was rendered by the church orchestra. Thos.W. Spicer, J. T. Martin, HomerKiser and others representing thecongregation, expressed their appreciation of Miss Clarks work in thevarious church affairs for the pastfive years. Oscar Hinton, Jr., dressed in a khaki suit, drove in a miniature auto loaded with gifts whichwere presented to Miss Clark.(Other Personals on Page 3)oTHE POUR-PLUSHERThe first number of the ParisHigh School course will be the Tschaikowsky Quartette (yoir don't haveto pronounce it, just neeze) withJanie Gordon Weltman, dramatic impersonator, who will be heard in concert recital in the auditorium on Saturday evening, Occtober 29.This quartette employes the mosteffective orchestral combination inthe musical world, twTo violins,'cello and piano. The program contains nothing common, hackneyed orthreadbare. It is all real music andis delivered so that everybody understand it and to understand it isto love it. Men of ability, musicalanship, temperament and charactercompose the quartette, each player"being thoroughly capable and efficient. ovof Literature, Miss Helen Hutchjraft, leader.T. Hart Talbott, of Paris, isvisiting his sister, Mrs. James M. Arnold, in Covington.Mrs. Anna Harper has returnedfrom an extended stay with friendsand relatives at West Point, Ky.Mrs. Watson W. Judy entertained at bridge at her home onHouston avenue, Saturday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Fithian are visiting the latter's narents.J. L. Denton has sone to Kinsrs- ! Mr. and Mrs. Trnnlr Wnii in TTnnt.-A -XT ,. .. -" I . . --. ... ..u,., . J..vion, iNortn Carolina, where he will mgton, West Va.be on the tobacco market for twomonths.Mr. and Mrs. William Elderhave returned to their home inRichmond after a visit to relativesin this city.Mrs. F. S. Elder and daughter,Miss Ruby Elder, have returnedfrom a month's visit to relatives inLake Village, Ark.Miss Julia Clarke, of Louisville,i was called to Paris, Saturday by theserious illness of Mrs. C. J. Clarke,of Stoner avenue.Miss Duane Kiely, of Covington, spent Sunday in Paris as guestof her grandmother, Mrs. E. C.Kiely and family, on High street.Miss Lucy B. Simms has returned to her home on Secondstreet, from a visit to her brother,William E. Simms, and family, inWoodford county.Miss Phoebe Litsey, of Harrodsburg, Mr. and Mrs. P. S. Merriman,of Lexington, and Mr. Leroy Litsey,of Lexington University, were guestsSunday of Mr. and Mrs. WilliamCooper.Mrs. Henry A. Power, MissesFrances Hancock, Laura Lilleston,Olivia and Ruth Orr, of Paris, represented the Paris Methodist churchlast week at the Lexington DistrictMissionary meeting.The Garden Club will meet withMrs. W. O. Hinton and Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr., at the home of Mrs. W.O. Hinton, on Tuesday afternoon,October 4th, at four o'clock.Mayor E. B. January, Roy F.Clendenin and Prof. F. A. Scott motored to Eminence, Sunday, and spentthe day as guests of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Clendenin, at the Odd Fellows Home.Mrs. Grant Robinson and children, Miss Helen Louise and GrantRobinson, Jr., left Saturday forRichmond, to join Mr. Robinson,who is in business there for theRenaker Company.Miss Anne Molloy, popular Parisvisitor, has returned to her home inLexigton, from New York, where shebeen spending a year, and is now theguest of her parents, Dr. and Mrs.P. H. Molloy, on Ashland evenue.Mrs. Edward Boehme, ofGeorgetown, Ohio, is a guest of hersister, Mrs. Bruce Miller. Mrs.Boehme and two children will joinher husband, in an auto trip to theRio Grande Valley, in Texas, wherethey will locate.Vail Baldwin, son of Mr. andMrs. Harry Balwin, of Paris, has located in the coal fields in Virginia,in which his uncles, James andRobert Baldwin, formerly of Paris,have a controling interest. Mr.Baldwin is a graduate of the ParisHigh School. His many friendshere wish him good luck and prosperity in his new home.Mrs. James McClure will entertain at her home on Vine street, inhonor of Miss Kittie Beale, of Washington, D. C, who will be in Lexington, as assistant artist in the concert series October 10, at the Woodland Park Auditorium, given byGiovanni Martinelli, the famoussinger. Mrs. McClure and MissBeale were schoolmates and personalfriends.Miss Julia McCarthy, one of themost efficient of the CumberlandTelephone Co.s employes, entertained Saturday evening in honor of hercousin, Mr. James Ring, author andnewspaper man of Washington, D.C. The guests arrived from Lexington and vicinity about six o'clock,and a delightful lunch was served.The home was beautifully decorated.Among the guests present were:Mr. and Mrs. George McWilliams,Mr. and Mrs. John F. McCarthy, Mr.and Mrs. Charles B. McCarthy,Misses Elizabeth Toohey, HelenDavis, Mary McWilliams; Messrs.James Ring, Justin McCarthy.One of the most charming social events of the season was thebridge party given by Miss ValetteMcClintock in honor of the bride ofthe family, Mrs. James C. McClintock, and Miss Leta Runyon, of DesMoines, Iowa, Miss McClintock'sguest. The home on Pleasant streetwas beautifully decorated for the occasion. The hostess was assisted inreceiving and entertaining herguests by Misses Elizabeth Crutcher,Louise Collier, Caroline Mclntyreand Louise Connell. Prizes were presented to the guests of honor andto Miss Nancy Barbee Wilson, whomade the highest score. At the conclusion of the game a delicious supper was served. The guests were:Mesdames Hiram Roseberry, WallerDalby, Edward Spears, WalterShropshire, John M. Stuart, BryanMcMurtry, James Thompson, Jr.,Robert Adair, Clay Gaitskill, Geo. !Clayton, Clay Ward, Withers Davis,Clifton Dalzell, ' Clarence ColliverDawes, H. C. Current, and BarnetteWinters; Misses Alice McClintock,Elizabeth Clay, Sara Louise Bedford,Patsey Clark, Virginia Wetherall,Margaret Ferguson and Nancy Barbee Wilson."THE OLD NEST"A picture that presents "without false sentiment or melodrama the most beautiful andthe most sacred of all themesa mother's love.Without hesitation we pronounce this the equal of anyproduction that has ever played Paris, and we know therethere are many who will thinkit the greatest serene drama- ever made."Fly to The Old Nest."Alamo -and Grand, Wednesdayand Thmrsday, October 5that 6th.The onenine: session of the Bour-4 bon County Womans Club was anj unqualified success. A capacityjliouse greeted Mrs. John L. Shearer,! of the University of Cincinnati, who! delivered an impressive address onj "Modern Poetry." The speaker wasxUbt.uuu.cu uy me ciiairuia.il ut tnej Department of Literature, Mrs. Clarience Colliver Dawes, who gave asa prelude a comnrehensive irifi.i nflithe future work for the vear. Af-i ter the program a reception washeld and ices and cakes were served.The younger women of the depart-ment, who acted as hostesses, wereMesdames White Varden, Edwardi Prichard, Amos Turney, Jr., Edward, Spears, Charles Spears, WithersDavis, James McClure and Missj Nancy Barbee Wilson. The next! meeting of the Club will be held to-- morrow (Wednesday) afternoon,. when "Studies In Modern Poetry"will be presened by the DepartmentDon't cuss the four-flusher. He isto be pitied. He is building his future upon a tissue of falsehood. Whatcan the future hold for him but exposure and humiliation!A four-flusher is a liar. He livesa he. He depends upon making thelie- stick. He doesn't know, as youdo, that the truth finally prevails.The four-flusher may be your rivalAnd the better for you. He will getalong faster than you for a while.But your progress is genuine, and youare fortunate in being able to feelthat what ground you have coveredyou will not have to cover again. Asfor your opponent of the hot air,someone is sure to puncture his balloon, and he will diop to the bottom.Ever notice the crestfallen countenance of a four-flusher in a game ofpoker when someone who has thecards calls his bluff? Be the onewho has the cards.The average girl thinks she hastwo good reasons for wearing shortskirts.oAnother real issue: WJhat is Congress going to do about a tariff onbaseballs?oIt will soon be time to revive thatold Japanese scar again.CHILIWe now put up "That Good Chili"in airtight containers, keeping ithot for as long as twelve hours.Half-pint 20c, pint 40c, quarts 75c.Take some home.BLUE GRASS CAFE,.E. H. Brannon & Cos Props.(toJan22)Whetheryou're alight sleeperor a deepslumberer,you'll find morecomfort thesecool nightsin somewhatheavier nightwear.Our Night Shirtsinclude everytype of fabric$1.50 up.Pajamas inOuting Cloth$2.kI IAVA9innummmaJB-lifllflf13OSETHE LASTF SUMMERCan apply to your old summer suit and other apparelthat you are about ready to discard, even though you, do so reluctantlyURN your thoughts to new clothes and where youcan get the best values for your money. If you dothis, you'll turn your thoughts and footsteps to ourstore. In all our years we have never given better valuesthan now, realizing that it is more profitable to you andequally gratifying to us to sell merchandise at a smallprofit per suit and sell two or three times as many. BELIEVE US, WE ARE DOING THIS!See our great display of Men's Suits and Ovecoatsthat we are selling for$12.00, $15.00, $16.95$19.50 and $25.00If you need one or both, you'll buy here. YourShoes, Hats, Shirts, and other furnishings, are here atVISIBLE savings.Our Store will be Closed Mondayon Account of HolidayLEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros.7 Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetJWTWSKsrnrKTKSItafFfflH-wiM VI HIif FIf it comesfrom DeKvisit is ridht -r2AUnquestionably this is the best machine in the worldto-day for the money. Complete in all respects. Straighttone arm, non-set automatic stop and all the principlefeatures of the higher priced machines.They win he HigherGet Yours To-dayfcHear the New Columbia RecordsTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking1 X'lwnJ' u; j-f&A- - cF,rit'Jlgltt(5PV' v"nym' y-F" j.i, 'iM'i- !,"ii i ii i wmfmmv.v V-- r.,.4wr AGE SECTOE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1921fc1fJ,1skiiKjs.iwi.11 MATTER WHATYou are protected if youhold a policy with me.FireAccidentBurglaryAutomobileWorkmen'sCompensationandBondingA. J. FEECntF lowersFor Funerals, Parties, Weddings and other occasionswhere flowers are used.Say it with flowers it isthe most expressive way.BOTH PHONES ,JO VARDENEVIDENCE OF BUSINESS EEVIVAE EVERYWHEREMore substantial signs of solidityare everywhere in evidence and "thelook of gloom on the face of business is disappearing," according to1ip Afnnfhlv "Ruritiprs "Rpvipw nf thpI Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland,for September. Lexington and Parisare a part of the district. Manufacturers with few exceptions reportSeptember business as showing anupward trend, with orders and inquiries becoming more numerous.Anent the Burley tobacco situation the Review says:"In Kentucky the drouth was notbroken in time to aid the wheatcrop, but the recent abundance ofrain has caused a rapid growth ofBurley tobacco. This valuable croprequires ideal weather and it is feared the rapid growth of the leavescaused by frequent rains may detract from the quality of the tobacco. The acreage is estimated atfrom sixty to seventy per cent morethat that of last year."The Burley Tobacdo Growers'Co-operative Association is reportedto be making good headway in obtaining signatures of tobacco growers to its contracts. Several of thecounties have announced that seventy-fiveper cent of the acreage hasalready been signed up."HHIHiMHIH HfUflDANDERINEStops Hair Coming Out;Thickens, Beautifies.Cincinnati's Foremost Retail StoresANNOUNCE ANEXPOSITION WEEKYour Buying OpportunityOctober Fifteenth to Twenty-secondReduced Railroad Fares From Every Point(T 1 A AAA AAA Worth of the Newest and Best$1U,UUU,UUU Merchandise will be shown.A mile of exquisitely decorated store windows. Everystore at its best displays you will never forget .Prices back to where they were before the war.Your visit at this time will be most enjoyableand profitable. We invite you to our city.3,-cents buys a bottle of "Danderine" at any drug store. After oneapplication you can not find a particle of dandruff or a falling hair.Besides, every hair shows new life,vigor, brightness, more color andabundance. (F-tf)IS. P.MOHNEYfChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISt i m i m n 1 1 1 1MERCHANTS ARE WARNEDAGAINST IMPOSTORSCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP--WHTTE BARBERS TModern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSMerchants, hotel and garages ofthis city have received warnings ina letter sent out by the AmericanProduce Company, of Cincinnati,that a gang of swindlers travelingby autos through Kentucky, Ohioand West Virginia have been cashing bogus checks drawn in thename of the Produce Company. Theletter states that many checks havebeen drawn on the Kanawha Bankof Charleston, "West Virginia, andalready aggregate several thousandsof dollars.IF BILIOUS, HEADACHY, TAKE"CASCARETS" FOR LIVERAND BOWELSGet a 10-cent box now!No griping or Inconvenience follows a thorough liver and bowelcleaning with Cascarets. They workwhile you sleep. Sick headache,biliousness, gases, indigestion, andall such distress gone by morning.No griping nicest physic on earth.(T-tf)TURNER & CLAYTONHIGH GRADE STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES334 Main Street Cumb. Phone 423THE UNiyERSAL.CA'RNEW PRICES(F, O. B. DETROIT)Chassis $295Runabout $325Touring Car $355Truck Chassis $445Coupe $595Sedan $660These are the lowest prices of Ford cars in thehistory of the Ford Motor Company.Orders are coming in fast, so place yours promptlyto secure early delivery.s2RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYThe Health ExpositionatMUSIC HALLOCTOBER 15th to 22ndunder the auspicesof theCincinnati Public Health FederationIn co-operation withThe Cincinnati Board of HealthThe Cincinnati Chamber of CommerceThe U. S. Public Health ServiceThe Department of EducationCincinnati Retail Merchants' AssociationEndorsed byAmerican Public Health Association1 American Hospital AssociationAmerican Nurses Associationappeals to every intelligent American.Every family should embrace the opportunity to see it.The Many Attractions in CincinnatiTHE PARKS THE THEATRESTHE ART MUSEUM THE ROOKWOOD POTTERYTHE BEAUTIFUL HILL-TOP SCENERYMAKE A VISIT DURING THEBEAUTIFUL MONTH OF OCTOBER VERYENJOYABLE.AUTOMOBILISTS WILL HAVE EVERYCOURTESY EXTENDED TO THEM.ANY OFFICERWILL GLADLY TELL YOU WHEREYOU CAN FIND PARKINGPLACES.THE MERCHANTS WHOSE NAMES ARE LISTED BELOW WELCOME YOU.Sansnardt Trunk and LeatherGoods StoreThe Burkhardt Bros. Co.The Big Store Co.The Denton Co.The Dow Drug Co.The Fenton Cleaning Co.The Gas and Electric Appliance Co.Geo. Golde Co.The Hanke Bros. Co.The Frank Herschede Co.The Irwin Cloak and Suit Co.H. Jonap & Co.The Kline Bros. Co.The Mabley & Carew Co.The Leon Marks Co.The Macey-Hall Co.The McAlpin Co.The Rob't E. Mitchell Furniture-Co.Geo. F. Otte Co.The Potter Shoe Co.The H. & S. Pogue Co.The Jos. R. Peebles Co.The Rollman & Sons Co.The Chas. E. Smith & Sons Co.The Smith-Kasson Co.The Wm. Windhorst Co.WATCH YE, THEREFOREWe have heard how care mouldkill a cat. May we not as well stateI that over-confldence will ruin abright future or blast a strong hope.How often do we observe defeat render a person non-productive py destroying confidence.In our recent primary the manyaspirants for office were all possessed with over-confidence. How pronewe are to close our eyes against apainful truth and listen to the song3of the sirens, until they transformus into beasts.Human weakness manifests itselfin many and mysretious ways. Now,when soliciting support, we are toldby the voter that our name will notbe forgotten, and we place the wrongconstruction on its value. They reallymean not be forgotten to be missed.One of Kentuckys' statesmen, whendelivering an address in Lexingtonwhen prohibition was at its highestpitch, was asked by one of his audience if he was for or against wsihky.He paused a moment and replied thathe was, and continued with his subject along remote lines, thus leavinghis hearers to conjecture as to his position. Oftentimes we ask a voter if he isfor or against us, and he says he is,and passes on, and we assume he isand count one vote too many.AMITHEAPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00INBY!EAT!October 8th'Candy Day""The Sweetest Daythe Year"inSendOne of Miss Holladay's"Candy Day Specials" to theWives, Sweethearts andKiddies.BMGHTEIC35&EVENINGSvvs?ciP-tBx i gig.OFFICERSPrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. I. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. Wj. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .iiJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gnestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home. bright,Inst presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.iiiiii i ii i in i in in i hi i mm mi it in miniumLess Than Seven Cents Per Day iA HOME TELEPHONEwith modern equipment and courteous operators at yourservice day and night in your residence for a fractionless than seven cents per day.GIVE US YOUR ORDERParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedfcfifcitfcifcAM an tuiinii.i.ti.itiittn, IIHnmntriHIlasnWelding - RepairingWe are now in a position to handleall classes of Oxy-Acetylene weldingand cutting, as well as general machine repair work.Prompt ServiceWe solicit your inquiries when inthe market for Gas or KeroseneEngine Power.ENGINE 8 MF1(Incorporated)WINCHESTER, KENTUCKY(augl6-tf)AACO.LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGJUNE 30. 1921(Incorporated)TVi -rTViVto'TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1921THE BOURBON NEWS; RUOS, MNTUatYV-jM -I, IFAGSrDon't Overlook FELD'3 Shoe StoreWhen ready for your fall and winter footwear.WE CAN PLEASE YOU IN QUALITY AND PRICEI1HHHHI11 4i'"I'"I''I''I'C''C'4''I"M''I''I'0I''H'"'''''ii'iGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 399HiiiMHiiiiii'1'Himiimiiiiiiiiiniiiif I5When Mr, Jones wassaved from the frying panThey talk yec of tho change that came overJones. Some said, it was psychology. Some saidit was a miracle. All said it was a mystery.When they asked Jones, he said it was liberation from slavery slavery to the frying pan, andto grease and starch.Jones used to take his breakfast fried, andfollowed this with a heavy lunch.In those days they said at the office: "OldJones has a secret sorrow and he's sore on theworld."One day Jones started late no time for theusual breakfast io be cooked.Jones had a breakfast on Gripe-Nuts withgood cream. He vs dr lighted vith the crispness and rich flavor. Felt satisfied and "fed."Tried it again at ionch. Kept on breakfastingthat way often lunching, too.Jones began to "perk up' telk up, step upGET up."Let Jones show yen how to do tide," theybegan to say at the office.As to Jones he said: "That's a great foodGRAPE-NUTS."There are thousands of Joneses, both kindsreckless feeders and wise feeders."There's a Reason'9for Grape-Nutsthe perfected goodness of whole wheat and maltedbarley delicious, nourishing, ready to eat. All grocers.IMPORTANT STAKESOf the Annual Fall Meeting atLATONIA(QpBTCXMent to Cincinnati)Sept 3rd to Oct. 8th$2bht&z IJandxcap. .$$00 added, for 3-year-olds andaada-itrpcxl, ooeimfeSaturday, September, 3.'Autumn Handicap;' $5XX) added, for 3-year-olds andupward, six furlongs, Monday, September 5.Cormgton Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year oldsand upward, one mile and three-sixteenths, Saturday,September 10.Fort Thomas Handicap, $5000 added, 2-year-olds, sixfuxloogs, Saturday, September 17.'iifcoma Championship Stakes, $T500 added, for 3-year-olds,one mile and three-quarters, Saturday, September 17.Twin City Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-oldsatgiDjrcank one mile and five furlongs, Saturday, Sep-ITHJfrf-.L,, & '"' -JtSv-a: -&?. V' -HV-yneen .wxy xianaicap, simjuo aaoed. tor Z-3one mile, Saturaav, OctoberX "JNtfftnrtta. jCup, $7,500 added, for 3-year-olds and upwinwb mifes and a quarter, Saturday, October 8.These rich 'fixtures and a correspondingly liberal poljcythrjoaiout marina season of racing, planned in theinterests of Norsemen and public alike. The Fall jMeetiag at Latoma has attracted the best horses in training.Any day's program will be worth trayeling miles to see.KENTUCKY JOCKEY CLUBINCORPORATEDLATONIA, KY., COURSEtiSm52&JlBourbon News Advertisers Get ResultsG0VERH0B PE0CLAIMSPREVENTION DAYMBEo-Calling the attention of Kentuckians to the needless devastation Caused hv firt Clnv TTlrlwin P.j Morrow issued a proclamation designating Monday, October 10, as fireprevention day. The proclamationfollows:"Needless loss of fire in the Stateof Kentucky amounts annually tohundreds of thousands of dollars.Business houses, homes, manufacturing plants, ec, are consumed byflames which are preventable intheir origin if proper safeguards areused."For the purpose of calling the attention of the people of Kentuckyto the needless devastation causedby fire, I therefore designate Monday, October 10, 1921, as Fire Prevention Day, and upon this day callupon the people of the Commonwealth to inspect their homes, placesof business, etc., for the purpose ofmaking them less liabel to destruction by fire. To remove all waste orinflammable material from cellars,outhouses, etc. To examine fluesand chimneys, and, in a word, to derect their attention to the important uestion of making their property less liable to destruction byfire."ARMY WORMS MAKING EARLYAPPEARANCEFall army worms resembling thecommon spring army worms havemade their appearance in a numberof Kentucky counties and are causing heavy damage to field crops ofall kinds, according to a warningissued by Harrison Garman, entomologist at the Kentuckv AgriculturalExperiment Station telling farmers tobe on the lookout for the pests andtake steps to control them as soonas they make their appearance.Serious outbreaks of the wormshave been reported from Scott,Woodford, Washington, Carroll andFayette counties, where corn bladeshave been riddled and heavy damage done to other field crops.Spraying with arsenate of leadwhere the worms occur in restrictedareas or rolling infested fields arethe control measures suggested inthe warning.CORNSLift Off with FingersTnii IfDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard cop, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe cil'iises, withoLt soreness or irritaticr 'ad.TloOXEE PRICELESS POSSESSION 0EFREE SPEECHFreedom of speech, absurd as it isat times, is a possession too preciousto be jeopardized by any fear of thefolly that free speech allows. Historyshows as plainly as may be that thedangers of free and full and foolish expression. It is the naturalthing when we hear a man talkingwhat seems to us arrant nonsenseto decide that he ought to be shutup; but the nonsense of one age hasoften been the accepted wisdom of thenext, and without freedom of speechand discussion no democracy can exist. Let the cranks talk so long asthey do not preach violence or treason, and when they do that punishthem. If our system of governmentis founded, as we believe it to be, onthe truth of justice, the windy wordsof visionaries and agitators can notoverthrow it. Let us recall and heedthe noble words of John Milton,written three hundred years ago.ago. JThej ard singularly appropriateto-day: "Though all the winds ofdoctrine were let loose to play uponthe earth, so Truth be in the field,we do ingloriously to misdoubt herstrength. Let her and Falsehoodgrapple; who ever knew Truth, putto the worse in a Jfree and open en-Counter? "v ,& 'The Oldest Science.Astronomy has the glory of beingthe oldest of the sciences. It wasby watching tjhe spangled tieavensthat man first got his conception of anordered universe, and from that theidea of other things governed by law.oWoodpecker Tenacious.The woodpecker does a good dealof looking, around and thumping onhollow stubs before he locates hisworm for breakfast ; but after he doesmake up his mind,, nothing on earthcan drive him from his job.pBut only those who have used theirheads have been able to make footprints on the sand of time.IfQ tfQBaby s Clothes43Sh1 5o. r ""vUcj ( " XtmrwmaimmmammmmfwwwmrmFor washing baby's dainty little garments there are many reasons why youshould choose a powdered soap, insteadof bar soap. You should not rub baby'sclothes as you must rub them when youuse bar soap.With Grandma's Powdered Soap youjust squeeze out the pretty litde thingshe wears.Soak baby's clothes with Grandma. Youdo not need to rub them nor boil them..Grandma is a powdered soap which youuse without wasting. You haven't the workof chipping and slicing bar soapYou get a big, generoussized package for 5c.The most economical soap you can usewESSBtanm r$mlSMmr 3Lp acffap6.jaagsf7&&Tru This Powdered SoapTodaijso? ClzeeiSas It IThe Globe Soao Company. CincinnativrisKjgQourP OR our depositors withchecking accounts,,wc haveinstalled this new system ofchecks knownas theProtectuSystem as an added improvedservice.To combat the numerousfeuds caused byraising checks,this system enables you totear off your check at amountdesired pike a money order,thereby insuring the amountof check from being raisedshould it get lost, or mil' intodishonest hands.' of MIf you are considering opening achecking account, by aU means comein and see this additional improvedservice that we are giving free toall our customers.EQUALLY PRACTICAL FOR POCKET,DESK AND PAY ROLL USBPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK& TRUST CO."-VWV N-r1:itV tiriVKikxrte&&vziI '1 k-.iK- - i- fc. ,J I'rXrpppHgiPwwpyypifiwPiwppi''fW. ' "rj'tTUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1S21THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUC&YPAGE EIGHTtjaAMiOctoberand 6thWednesday and Thursday., mijMMmriMMa-' ...... ...- ,- aaUMMi 1IMM -. - - n. MM MM .y' r J& 9 i& - 'Ik Jl ik --'.y 1 T i I I "Hi Grand at" NignTAlamo Aiternoon - B , ,5L.J!rl lAK.iriJI fnDFRA HfifSEM I 1oaa, coa u ( THEATRE I ljANUs vg" ffwot.-ij I 700 to 10:302:00 to 5:30 JLe 1 ' J I jf A ll m5thISBrfeS!i!l11if.'IIIf.4M HPh n1i;,UGoldwyn 1Presents I I 1fli KltTwo Great Writers and "The OldNest""One. of the greatest of all storiesbecause its theme is the greatestof all themes Life, and Life Now,here, yours, mine."All bitter and sweet, and sadand glad, and majestic, and pettyand divine and pitiful!"A film story of life." Dr. FrankCrane."The Old Nest" is real and touching and almost incredbily withoutan atom of false sentiment. I haveseen it four tmes and cried eachtime." Alice Duer Miller.Rupert Hughes' Heart Gripping Story of the HomeSuddenly they have all grown up and left her the babies she used to tuck in bed atnight. The ofd house is empty and silent. All have forgotten her. Her birthdays passunnoticed. Each child has embarked on a drama of his own. Loves, ambitions, temptations carry them away. There are moments of laughter and comedy, romance, adventure,tragedy. The story of their lives sweep you along. Your life your home your motheras they might have been or as they are. "The Old Nest" will awaken deep in our heartmemories of mother to whom you ran with your childish troubles. Never before has thescreen touched with such beauty and dramatic fore a subject which finds an echo in thelives of every one of us. One of the most heart gripping dramatic stories ever narrated.Everyone Says the Most Wonderful Picture Ever ProducedYou'll Laugh You'll Cry You'll Love ItRemarkable Cast in "The OldNest"Mary AldenDwight CrittendonCullen LandisHelene ChadwickRichard TuckerLouise Lovely- ?'Molly MaloneNick Cogley .Lucile RicksenJohnny JonesBuddy MessengerJ. Parker JonesTheodore Von EltzFanny StockbridgeRoland RushtonLefty FlynnRobert De VilbissMarshall RicksenRead What Lexington People Who Have Seen "The Old Nest Have to Say of this Remarkable Photoplay"It is a wonderfful piece of art,both in conception and in its production. It is full of humor andtenderness. Iits pathos and tragedyare never melodramatic, but such asmust touch the universal heart."I want every man, woman andchild in Paris to see it. None of usare children of too old growth toprofit by it, though it may awakenremorse. All young people owe itto the mothers that bore them, tolearn the lesson 'The Old Nest' willteach them, while yet there fs timeto go back to the old home oncemore."And the photo-picture teaches amost important lesson to mothers,too, and fathers also, and warnsthem against serious faults anderrors." Bishop Burton."If you wish a picture that appeals to the heart and the concence,that awakens the love for mothers,that because of business stress andself interests, has long lain dormant,in 'The Old Nest' you have it."As scene after scene is portrayed, picturing never-failing motherlove, unconfined, ever-present, withfather by hen side to give of histime, strength, tense with interest,as the world old battle is wagedbetween waiting mothers and children's thoughtless neglect."The setting is perfect, emphasizing the fact of mother's sacrifice,children's neglect in every line. Thepathos brings tears, the finale,heartease and smiles."Criticise, one cannot, for 'TheOld " Nest' is a wonderful picture,wth setting flawless; the musicalscore blending with the scenes, nodiscords, all harmony. In its wholesome portrayal of life, it appeals tothe clergy as well as to layman,youth as well as age. It quickensthe conscience of sins of omissionof mothers and the desire that reunions in the old home nest, withmothers enthroned as best belovedbe not neglected."See the picture. Words and penit is best, holding one's interestfrom beginning to end. It s virile,not weak, for it is life."(Signed)MRS. WM.DOWBLL OLDHAM,State War Mother."The chief lesson taught, "Don'tneglect mother, father can stand it,but mother can't."Be sure to see it."(Signed)LUCY COLLIER.President of Business and Professional Woman's Club, of Lexington."It is the best, cleanest, mostwholesome pictuure I have everseen on the curtain."Every mother and child shouldsee it not once, but twice."(Signed)MRS. W. H. THOMPSON." 'The Old Nest' is a wonderfulmessage and will fill a need in calling to mind our duty to our mothers." (Signed)L. F. ZERFOSS.Boys' Work Secretary Y. M. C. A.TAw o Tnffini-rnur 1 DC F OllF IflUMlCl'Cfio VIMPC CTAMnADn APTCXUtatij auu i umui i u ifVILLE'S STANDARD ACTSNO ADVANCE IN PRICESAdults 27c plus 3c War Tax 3QcChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c War Tax 28cOPERA HOUSEPARIS, KY.ONE NIGHTTuesday, Oct . 4Headed By CHARLEY GAINOKing of Blackface ComedyMUSGRGVE'S CLASSY CLOWNS OF SAXOLANDDENTONMALE SOPRANONate MuiroyComedian and DancerTHE GREATROME8 A. E. F. ''Homeward Bound" Singing Octette 8"Shanghaied in India," Charley Gano's Latest ComedySatire, Beautiful Scenery, Costumes and Music. SamJohnson's Brilliant Dancing Diversity, "Marl ha JaneGreen's Return from the Seminary."PRICES 50c, 75c, $1.00, PLUSSeats on Sale at Box Office.TAXCarpenter. He was 72 years of ageand is survived by his wife and threedaughters, Mrs. Urban Swinford, ofCarlisle, Mrs. Leslie Shrout, of Owingsville, and Mrs. Chas. Friend, of.Lexington; also one brother, S. C.j Carpenter, of this place. Mr. Car-t penter was a kind and loving husband, and indulgent father, a goodneighbor and true to his friends. Hewas a member of the Christianchurch, Chairman of the Board ofOfficers and faithful in his attendance. He was a liberal supporter ofall church work. The sympathy ofthe entire community goes out to hisbereaved family. The fuueral washeld at his late residence, near Millersburg, yesterday afternoon, at two; o'clock, with services conducted byRev. W. J. Slater, pastor of the Millersburg Christian church. The interment followed on the family lotin the Millersburg Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were, Chas. Martin, Edmond Martin, Robt. Wilson, G. S.Allen, F. A. Hergert, James Cray,Charles Layson, T. J. Judy.May He who tempers the wind tothe shorn,Lamb be their comfort and guide,He has passed over the tide,Where we shall all sooner or laterabide.Peace be to his ashes.MILLERSBURGV- Miss Ruth McClintock is visit' 2g; Mrs. Garrett Jefferson, in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Wadell Beedinghave taken rooms in the Ingels flat.Mr. Tone Zoellers left Friday ona business trip through EasternKentucky.Miss Anna Smith, who has beencritically ill for several days, is verymuch improved.The members of the Presbyterian Auxiliary met at the home ofMrs. Lake last week.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Allen areTisiting their daughter, Mrs. BryanMcMurtry, in Cynthiana.The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch gave a "birthday party" at- tjie church Thursday afternoon.Postmaster J. B. Cray has returned from a visit with his daughter,. Mrs. J. P. Auxier, of Francisville, Ind.James Woolums, of Mississippi,was the guest of James Hutsell theIMtst week. Mr. Woolums was a forrijex resident of Millersburg.-The Eastern Star Chapter of3f ilFexsburg will visit the CynthianaChapter, Tuesday night and conductthe initiatory work for three candidates. Mr. and Mrs. Richard Huffmanleft Friday for their home in Cin-with the former's mother, Mrs. MaryHuffman.The chapel exercises of theHigh School will be conducted nextWednesday morning by Rev. W. D.Welburn, the new pastor of theMethodist church. The exerciseswill be held at 10:30 o'clock. Everyone is invited to attend.-The Twentieth CenturySEED WHEAT FOR SALEBEARDED FULTZ SEED WHEATPHONE, CUMBERLAND 540NIGHT, 997 DAY. OLD R. B.HUTCHCRAFT ELEVATOR STAND.COLLIER BROS.0KINGS AND PRINCESSBourbon County. The open classesare open to any one in this or othercounties desiring to enter. One hundred and thirty premiums, amounting in value to $600.00 have beengenerously offered by friends of thetchool. The catalogues are in thehands of the printers, 300 of whichvill soon be ready for distribution.The town and community wereshocked Saturday evening to learnjti&n&ti, after spending the summer J of the sudden death of Mr. JamesA question that many a man, whospent more or less time in France inthe last two years, has been askinghimself is: Why in Sam Hill is itClub that the American newspapers stillmet Saturday afternoon at the home feature the kissing of royalty's handsof Miss Nannie Clarke. The sub- and the other m homage paid theseject for study this year is "South , - : IAmerica." Officers of the Club are: han&overs of a by-gone governmentPresident, Miss Ruth McClintock; system, when they visit America?Vice-President, Mrs. H. C. Current; ,We all thought,, in fact most AmeriRecording Secretary, Miss Alfa Ball; cans thought, that a good reason forCorresponding Secretary, Mrs. Jas. our fighting was to rid the world ofMiller; Treasurer, Mrs. Mack such things. Let's be frank. TheGrimes. . Ki of the Belgians and the CrownFfllH&rSecSSrg.Mnc. of England are of tie sameSchool grounds, October 14. The worn-out creed of Divine Right asfair is under the auspices of the the Hohenzollerns, only the peopleJunior Agricultural Club of Bourbon have thjem considerably better underCounty High School. The premiums ! control. They are very nice peoplefor the children's classes are open pr0bably, but we thought that theAJ1o?T!t,(nlM5!.t mowing and monkey-w . . vk n -a. AHTtm r y rr r r r-SU1UU111& LU uiuwucu ucttuo cuucu ..uthis country about April 6, 1917.King and Queen of Belgium are twowelcome people from an allied nation, and the Crown Prince is theequal welcome son of another ally, amoderately bright lookingyoung manwho wears good clothes and don'thave much to do. Beyond those facts-,there is reallyvnathing to it thanto an American.ifUTSUSaSTOW 03ST SALENewest Fall School Shoes for boys, misses and childrenat one-third saving in price. Every parent should takeadvantage of our special wonderful big values this weekof good, sturdy School Shoes at these low prices.Misses' and Children's Special Big Values! Sturdy Lace TanBoots, all sizes 9 to 2, $3.00 values, on sale atS1.99Misse's and Children's Real Good QualityPlump Tan Leather Boots, Footform andEnglish lasts, $4.00 values. On sale atS2.99Misses' and Children's $3. 50 Tan Lace Bootsa wonderful big value. All sizes up to 2On sale at$2.49Growing Girls' $6,00 Special Tan Boots,Big misses' sizes, 2 to 7. On sale atrubber heels.S3.49Boys' and Youths' Extra Good Tan SchoolShoes, $4.00 values. On sale atS2.99Little Gents' $3.00 School Shoes, real goodwear. On sale at 6SI. 99Boys' andOn sale at..Men's Tan Elk Scout Shoes, great for wear.SI. 99Final Sale Offerings of Ladies' High Grade Oxfords andSlippers for Fall wear at almost half price.DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy RcinJjjLai1i' e-" -- N-.Vm