"W'4- -ad?r . rt,i ' J. . .THEr -r 4i- "..'!. -trtiHi.T n i-iif. Vt -iw:-vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1921yST'J to -ant-.J rBOURBONrw ir wk-r-iitfi MMMHA A - A tt.HLYYD?SSPvr"raHfow:'tTWO INJURED IN AUTO.COIIISIONSATTJEDAY.An automobile containing Mrs. Frazier Lebus and Rasty Wright, both ofLexington, collided Saturday afternoon, with a machine in which C.Wright, Mrs. Ollie McCarty and herseven-year-old son, Wilson DouglasBarlow, of Paris, were riding. RastyWeight sustained a .badly fracturedleg and Mrs. Lebus a deep cut on thechin, besides numerous bruises aboutthe body. The little boy was severelyshaken up. The accident occurred ata point on the Lexington pike, abouttwo miles from Lexington Theothers escaped injury. The injuredwere taken to the Good SamaritanHospital, where their injuries weredressed. Mrs. Lebus was removed toher home.Mrs. Lebus was driving a newPackard car. With her, besides Mr.Wright, was Misses Frances and MaryCalder, both of Lexington. The Parisparty were in a Buick touring car. Inattempting to pass the Lebus car theParis car skidded and turned completely around, striking the Lebuscar. Both cars were badly damaged.This is the third time within a yearthat Rasty Wright has had his leg"broken. Last summer his right legwas broken while he was playingbaseball, and in January his leftankle was broken when a party ofwhich he was a member was struck-while sleigh riding on Cramer avenue. All the parties declared the accident to have been unavoidable onaccount of the roads being smooth. and wet.FUGITIVE ARRESTEDJune Riggs, of Paris, who on Mon- j The funeral of Kuhn took place atday night escaped from Winchester the family home on West Secondpolice while under arrest on a charge street, in Maysville, Sunday afterof having whiskey in possession m'noon at two o'clock with servicesloca. opt .territory was arreste din conducted JBarbour. ofParis and taken back to Winchester interment followed on the family lotby Patrolman Strode, of that city. , the MaysViiie Cemetery.Riggs ana a young man named joe.Miller, both of Paris, were arrestedfor having ten gallons of moonshine jin their possession. While officers jwere examining their outfit Riggs es-caped.'era and tenants to the necessity ofc - cutting weeds and destroying mos-ELECTION IS OVER quito-breeding places.THE ELECTION IS OVER. LET'S ! Jt takes but a few minutes t0 ln"UET DOWN TO BUSINESS AGAINT "spect your place and turn over an'COME IN AND LIST YOUR PROP-'can or receptacles full of waterERTY, EOR TAXATION RIGHT tnese are tne uhual mosquito-breed-AWAY.THIS IS VERY IMPOR-.S Places. To destroy such foci,TANT. I t0 cut your weeds nelPs yur neigh-' MRS. WALTER CLARK, borhood and yourself. Do it nowTax Commissioner, i and save trouble.JOHN J. REDMON, A- H- "?'(aug9-tf-T) Deputy. l city Healtn Officer.ipyywitjuWe Know How'The College BoyElFTER all, the College Boyis the keenest critic ofclothes. He knows what'sywhat in correct fashion and forFall we have selected as ourstyle leader such model as is inGreatest Favor withthe College Men AHOver America ,Not only the model they havethe wearing ability that comesonly from pure woolens. We.are ready to show these snappymodels to you before you starton your way back to college.Stetson Hats for FallIn AH the New ShadesBoys' School Suits andOdd PantsMITCHELL &OutfittersSTETSONHATSDEATH RIDES VJlLTE HAYES ASGUESTLittle did Wm. Hayes, of Maysville think, when he left Nicholasville, early Friday morning, that hewould ride into Paris with a corpseas a guest. Death rode with Hayes,bringing his companion, Charles C.Kuhn, of Maysville, into Paris dead.Kuhn and Hayes, both of Maysyille,vhad been employed at the LexingtonClub Distillery, in Jessamine county,Hayes as assistant superintendent,and Kuhji as guard. Mr. Kuhn hadbeen ill for several days, and expressed a desire to reach his oldhome in Maysville.They left Nicholasville at 3:30o'clock Friday morning, drivingthrough in Mr. Hayes' car. Whenthe car reached the corner of Fifthand Main streets. Mr. Hayes noticedhis companion had collapsed in theseat beside him. Stopping the machine he asked help of two men whowere coming to work. The strickenman was hurried to the office of Dr.J. T. Brown. After an examinationDr. Brown pronounced Kuhn dead,death, in his opinion, being due toneuralgia of the heart.Coroner Rudolph Davis was notified of Kuhn's death and immediately conducted an investigation, deciding that a formal inquest was unnecessary. The body was removed to the undertaking establishment of Geo. R.Davis, and prepared for burial. Reljatives in Maysville were notified andI the body was turned over to a May-s-Iville undertaker, who took it to thatcity Friday afternoon for burial.Kuhn is survived by his widow,two daughters and one son.CUT WEEDS NOWj The Health Department wishes toI call the attention of property-own-BLAKEMOREto MenNETTLETON SHOESEOISTING MATTERS DIS-, CUSSED AT CHIROPRACTIC .MEETThe daily press of Davenport,Iowa, continues to devote columns tothe recent meeting of the NationalChiropractic Lyceum, held in thatcity, which was attended by overeight thousand advanced practitioners from all parts of the world. Dr.S. P. Mohney, of Paris, who attended(the sessions says he has never seensuch enthusiasm displayed by anyorganization within his knowledge.Men and women vied with eachother in extending hospitality, and"imembers of the Chiropractic profession furnished interesting papersand addresses for discussion each day.One of the matters of most vital interest discussed was that of "BetterBabies," which drew forth many remarkable facts.Dr. A. B. Hender, dean of the P.'3. C, and whose professional duties has been bringing babies intothe world, took for his subject,"Better Babies." In starting Dr.Hender remarked that the facultyhadn't kept him very busy of late,which he regretted very much, as hewas losing opportunities of tellingthem how to produce better babies.Dr. Hender said that better babiescould not be reared on bottles. Thecommon opinion that the mother'smilk was not good for the baby forthe first three days was erroneousin almost all cases, for the reasonthat mother's milk contained thevery laxative that the child neededto flush the intestinal tract of thebabe of thecollected broken down.tissue. When the mother's milkwas given the baby started off properly and early sicknesses was frequently avoided.He said that the general impression that preparation for the babyin selecting predigested foods forthe expectant mother was necessary,was carried to a hurtful degree. Thereal better baby began soon afterbirth at its earliest feeding. If themother is under par the properthing to do was give natural foodsand have her take adjustments tofree possible nerve impingment.He interestingly told what the different crisis of the babe meant. Hesaid the babe could not talk articulate language, but it had certainsounds that meant just as muchamong them were cries of pain, hunger, cold, fear and nervousness, itwas the duty of every mother oknow whatthese were and give attention at once. He advised themother to always give a drink of water when she wasn't able to properlyinterpret the cry; water is alwaysfsafe and satisfying.For better babies, the speaker said,'a propaganda must be made onmothers to feed the babies their ownmilk. His talk was instructive andhelpful. jCraig M. Kightlinger, president ofthe Eastern College of Chiropractic,Newark, New Jersey, gave an interesting talk on publicity and cooperation. He said that for the benefits of Chiropractic to -become nationally known a consistent campaign of publicity was an absoluteessential. He said that in the woikof his college, which in the past fouryears has grown to an enrollment ofseveral hundred, the same methqds aiadvertising and indeed the same'methods are used by .he p, gt (jtwere adopted, " f '.,Dr. Vedder, chairman, read a letter from Dr. Linden McCash who isin the Alameda county, California,jail for the second time rather thanpay $100 to the fund, which is alleged, goes to prosecuting the Chiropractors. He gave the number ofpostcards, letters and packages received by him. He said the jailer objected to his being there as he gavehim so much work to do assortinghis mail. He said a fine sentimentwas being created in California bythe fact that prisoners who havegone to jail for a principle was gaining so much favorable publicity fromtheir many friends.Another remarkable address, Dr.Mohney said, was one delivered bvMajor Dent Atkinson, on the subjectof "Chiropractry." Among otherthings Maj. Atkinson said::"The lyceum has brought out certain well defined ideas crystalling our opinions into a strong convictionnamely that Chiropractic isgrowing by leaps and bounds, notonly in this country, but in manylands across the sea."We also note the growth of the'chiropractors themselves. Prosperous without as their limousinestestify. Big and tolerant within asmeeting 'the world, the flesh, and thedevil' has made them so. They havetaken their place as leaders in theircommunity. Contact with the worldhas improved them, and every one ofthem contentedly wduldn't changeplaces with a king (some kings anyway.) We further notice that allskeptical are now its warm adherJents.History repeats itself no greatmovement like the present one hasever been overthrown from, without.The normal growth of chiropractichas nothing to fear from within,and , that is why 8,000 8taBdard-bar-Toyal btcauae'it hai to arriwfaf "OnJrare mitfkr in our midst, IfcmiV tkor&y wmyv ' '" AV 7 "J NCONGRESSMAN CANTRHL ADDRESSES LARGE AUDIENCE'OF GROWERS.In a characteristic speech Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill addressed a large audience at the courthouse yesterday afternoon, composedof representative tobacco growersand farmers of the county, on themerits of the co-opertive Burley tobacco marketing plan, which is making new converts daily. Mr. Cantrillwas introduced to his auditors byMr. Samuel Clay, Chairman of theBourbon county branch of the Association, in a neat speech.Mr. Cantrill spoke for over twohours, during which time he heldme unmviaea attention or nis au-iditors by a plain, simple but elopuent and convincing talk on themerits of the marketing plan. Hetold of being in Owensboro a ferdays ago, and at other places wherehe cited Bourbon county as a modelfor the other counties to follow, andthat he believed the county wouldreach a full one hundred per cent,in its canvass by the fifteenth ofNovember. His speech bristled with,an array of facts and figures on asubject with which' none is betteracquainted than himself, and endedwith an eloquent plea for those whohad not signed the contract to doso at once, as a means of protectionagainst the gigantic tobacco trustwhich sought to take from themtheir hard earned money. Hisspeech was a splendid one, andbrought out applause on all the telling points. At the conclusion of theaddress Mr. Cantrill was surroundedby admirers and congratulated onthe 'success of his mission.According to a statement made bySampel Clay, Chairman of the Bourbon county branch of the Association,fully seventy-five per cent, and possibly more of the tobacco crop inBourbon county this year has beenpledged to the co-operative plan, including a total of 6,767,000 pounds,with twenty contracts not included.The work of the '.organizers will notstop witfi this, but will continue until ninety-five per cent, and if possible, one hundred per cent, is securedin pledges for the Association plan.Bourbon "county is the first in theState to secure the desired amountpledged.The following is a list of signeisof the contract- up to and includingFriday, yesterdays list not being reported: William Sparks,.Ira Rose,G. W. Conrad,G. M. Burberry,Geo A. Rose, ,Tillman Taylor,W. H. Shropshire,E. W. Roley, JHenry Harp,Carl Carpenter, 'Charley Yazel,Frank Nichols,Geo. Oliver Sparks,M. R. Gossett,Willis JacobyWm. K. Thomas(t. car. iJoe JacobyE. P. Claybrook- rH. B. Rose - 'iJ. O. BramelJ. S. Taylor ,-.-.- .W, B- TaylorJames WheelerW, H. BiddleGeo. B. JacobyElmer RitchieE. S. Bramble(Continued on Page 6)?"-o -LIGHTNING STRIKES HOMEDuring an electrical storm whichprevailed yesterday afternoon a boltof lightning struck a chimney at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell,on Plea?ant street. The lightningpassed down the chimney flue, tearinga hole in the side of the wall, andpassing out an open door. In its mcanderings the lightning scattered aCloud, of soot through the house, butdoing no further damage. Mrs Purnell and daughter, Miss RebeccaPurnell, were in a front room at thetime, and were unhurt. Everybodyin the immediate vicinity thought th.2lightning had struck in his ownplace, and there was great conster-nation for a few moments.HOME-GROWN WATER MELONSAND CANTELOTJPESWe are having the nicest homegrown watermelons and canteloupesthat you Never saw. They are ripe,juicy and fresh, from the patch everyday. Let us fill your orders.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.is a happy outlook for much of fellprejudice is groggy it not dead. Opposition by statute is fast disappearing and on some near to-morrow amislead and now uninformed publicwill wonder why it ever withheldwelcome from chiropractic at all,and if present indications have anylessons for us at all it is that in 10'years there will scarcely be a townof a thousand inhabitants but whatwillv have its chiropractor and whenthat day dawns wise ones will wag,sage heada-'and say: u " ,I always knew chiropractic -wasBASEBALL NOTESThe Paris Ruggles team defeatedthe Mt. Sterling team in the gameplayed Sunday afternoon at the Sec-uond street ball park. The finalsmore stood 4 to 2. The feature ofthe game were the home run byBlakely, and the fielding and general good work of Oliver Mann, atthird, and Woods, at second for theRuggles team." The batteries were:Paris Camparoni and Carter; Mt.Sterling Freeman and Dunavent;umpire, Robinson; time of game, twohours; attendance, 1,000. The scoreby innings.R H EParis 130 000 00 4. 8 3Mt. Sterling. 000 000 020 2 6 2The game scheduled for yesterdayafternoon at the Second street parkbeaween the Ruggles and the WhistleBottling Works team of Lexington,was cancelled by telephone on'acount of the Lexington catcher being crippled. Heavyrain and wet grounds would haveput the game .out anyway.The next game in the ChurchLeague series will be played thi3u( Tuesday) afternoon, weather conditions permuting, oetween tue xeautsrs,the Methodists, and the Baptist team.The game will be called at 2:30 p.m.In a game Thursday between theMain street Bulldogs- and the Mt.Airy Giants, two juvenile teams, theBulldogs were the victors by thescore of 13 to 3. Batteries: ForMain Street Tucker and Lenox; forMt. Airy Rice and Hinton. Umpire,James Quinn. A home run by Cahalfor the Bulldogs was the oustanding feature of the game.LIGHTEN THE BURDENS OF FALLHUOSE CLEANINGWhy worry over the fall housecleaning when we can so simplifythe matter. We do all kinds ofcleaning carpets, rugs, curtains,clothes, etc. Let us have your carpets and rugs now and be ready before the bad weather sets in.(6-2t) LEVY, THE CLEANER.STRUCK BY BICYCLEWhile alighting from an automobile in front of the SweeStiop'y3terday afternoon, Miss Valette McClintock was struck by a bicycle juwhich a boy named Ramey was riding, and slightly injured. She wastaken to the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. ,Wll G. McClintock,where a physician who had beensummoned, attended to her injuries.She was not dangerously hurt.4i''l-t44il''I"I''a'''i''li'I''I''I"!''I''I,'I''I,,I,,I,,I''il'I '1''1''''1'FRAlsIK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSJust ReceivedAnother Shipmentr ' ofBeautifulCrocksvIn All theNewest WeavesandColoringsIn Both Wool and SilkMaterialsFRANKLADIES' OUTFITTERStl i i'M 1 1 1 1 Mm mim n 1 1 mTOBACCO DAMAGED BY TTkTT.A hailstorm of unusual severitywhich visited the northeastern prtof Bourbon county about three o'clock 'Saturday afternoon, did great damage to tobacco and other growingcrops. Forty-six acres of tobacco-omthe farm of James Caldwell felt thfull force of the nail, which riddled-1the leaves like shot. The tobacco 6n.James McClure's farm near Pari aalso suffered great damage. In some v .places the leaves were torn from th-stalks by the violence of the icy pel- 'lets. The liail fell over an area about-a quarter of a mile wide. The hail 'was preceded by heavy wind and -rain.Several stalks of tobacco- "brought to Paris by Lew Taylor andMonie Martin looked as if the leaveehad been through a shotgun battle, vOn the farm of Charles S. Ball, on 'the Maysville pike, near Paris, thhail riddled a crop of thirteen acreof growing tobacco. Mr. Ball stateel vyesterday that the damage was total,not a stalk standing being worth cutting. The wind also added to the -damageone to the crop on James McClure's farm.The hail was also very destructivein Scott county, ruining a great dealof tobacco. On the farm of Wm. L.Nutter, near Georgetown, about ,twenty acres of the weed ready tocut., was ruined. There was no Insurance, except on the part owned byJ. D. Wilson. Several acres of tobacco on the farm of J. D. Ewing"were also ruined.The hail was also very destrictive tothe tobacco crop being raised by Capt.Robt. Harbeson, on his farm nearParis. The tobacco, as in the othercases, was riddled through like asieve, and ruined.c.SUNTER HAS NARROW ESCAPE -Woodford Spears and Douglas--Thomas,Sr., went dove hunting oneday last week, and "thereby hangs atale," as the fictionists put it. Theytook their stations in a field wherathey patiently waited the appearanceof the elusive birds. The birds wereslow in coming in. On the alert Mr.Thomas thrust his head from beneathits concealment, looking for signs of -birds.Equally on the alert, Mr. -Spearsmistook Mr. Thomas thatch,for apoor, innocent, little dovpoured a load oi shot in thatdirection. Three pellets struck Mr.Thomas near the nose, coming perilously near the eye, but doing no serious damage. Explanations andapologies followed, and all went-'-wellbut dove shooting for tiernwas over that day.oArguments are settled by facts, notby force.fi.V.'& CO.!nH u 1 1 1 n- Ux"?M;$f"Vt'V"PAW TWOTHJB BOURBON fODWS, JPARIS, KUNTUCJLTTOTSDAYrSKPTMBMR , If 3JL.1 e "3'.THE BOURBON NEWSfctaWi bed 188140 Years of Continuous Publication.Erery Tuesday and FridayTew. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.WUT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.C9Ktrid at the Paris, Kentucky,Portofflce as Mail Matter of theSecend Class.)OR lOEEIGK KEPEESENTATIVES. Mew York American Press Aitoifctit. flucago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atknta Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Go.Lonisville Lowman-Mnllican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 11.00 pertook for first time; 50 cents per inchtaeh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linetack issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 'cents per line, each issue. JCards of thanks, calls on candiiatea, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseslants and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reset vedla decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political officeslust invariably be accompanied bytie cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlycorrected if brought to attention ofthe editor.THE DEM0CBATIC TICKETTor Circuit JudgeROBT. LEE STOUT.For Commonwealths' Attorney.VICTOR BRADLEYFor Circuit ClerkWM. H. WEBB.For RepresentativeJAMES H. THOMPSONFor County JudgeGEORGE BATTERTON.For County AttorneyD. D. CLINE.For County ClerkPEARCE PATON.For Sheriff ' vM. PEALE COLLIER.For Tax CommissionerBEN WOODFORD, JR.For JailerJAMES E. TAYLOR.For CoronerRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorE. B. JANUARY.For CouncilmenFirst Ward W. W. MITCHELL,DR.SWM. KENNEY, GEORGE D.SPEAKES.Second Ward FRANK SKDLLMAN, B. J. SANTEN, CURTISHENRY.Third Ward GEORGE L. DOYLE.MAGISTRATESParis Frank P. Lowry.Millersburg E. P. Thomason.Little Rock R. H. Burris.North Middletown J. S. Talbott.Clintonville Lee Stephenson.Hutchison J. W. Bell.Centerville J. N. Shropshire.Ruddles Mills R. O. Turner.BUYS BOURBON MUTTONC. S. Templeman & Son, of nearCarlisle, purchased this week fromlit Letton, of Bourbon county, 20registered thoroughbred Southdownewes, and from Reynolds Letton tworegistered Southdown bucks. "UncleCole has been raising thoroughbredSouthdowns for many years.o- FIVE GIVEN LICENSEFive veterinary surgeons, who wereexamined by the State Board of Vet-erinary Examiners Monday and Tuesday, at Frankfort, were grantedlicenses to practice in Kentucky.They were Frazer A. Smith, Lexington; W. J. Kiff, Paris; V. M. Yates,Paducak; Wijliam Ritchie, 'Coving6, aad William B. Wright, Sturgis.tsSsMwipBETTER TOBACCO PRICES ANDTHE TOBACCO ASSOCIATIONThe low prices which growers received for tobacco last winter shouldconvince every farmer in Kentuckythat something is needed to save th3tobacco industry. It is not surprising, therefore, that the bankers allover the Blue Grass and hill sectionsof the State are actively in favor ofthe Co-operative Marketing of Burley Tobacco; and that such a largenumber of growers have alreadysigned the pledge. The plan is so'simple and clear, and its applicationto the sale of tobacco is obviously sopractical that growers need only tounderstand it to be eager to join.The five-year contract, the seventy-,five per cent, minimum, the electionof directors according to districts;all districts representing equalamounts of tobacco; and the principle of each member having only onevote in the, election of directors willgive the organization a businessstructure that should insure its success. But the features of the plan whichare the most convincing' are the fiveyear contract and the seventy-five percent, minimum. The long term contract will -enable the directors to acquire the facilities and equipmentnecessary to the proper hanlding ofthe tobacco as well as enable themi to obtain an effective working personnel and develop a proper salespolicy.The seventy-five per cent minimum will give the members of theAssociation the security of group action as against the helplessness of individual action. As it is now witheach grower selling his tobacco individually, the weakness of his bargaining power, as compared withthat of the manufacturer, will always force him to accept whateverprice is offered him. For it makeslittle difference with the manufacturer whether he buys the tobaccoof a particular grower, he can alwayspurchase his supply from the 50,000other growers of the district who areeager to sell as evidenced by the longlines of tobacco wagons that crowdthe streets of every market town during the selling season. Among thosefifty thousand are a large numberwho are financially incapable of doing other than immedately acceptingthe price offered them, no matterhow lowit happens to be.This depressed price paid to thosegrowers, who must sell immediatelyto meet their grocery bills and buyclothing, determines to a large extentthe value placed upon all the tobaccoin the district. But with the unionof thirty or forty thousand growersselling together, the bargining power of the weaker member is raised toa level with that of the stronger one;and the position of the larger groweris strengthened materially." The plan is reasonable, it is sound,it is necessary. One needs only tounderstand it to be for it. The serious questions are these: Will theseventy-five per cent, minimum beobtained by the fifteenth of next November? Are the tobacco growersgoing to act now or will they waituntil they have suffered longer, andare forced into a weaker and more serious financial position before theytake action to better their marketingcondition?We leave it to your good sense, Mr.Grower, whether you are going tolet slip by the opportunity to stabilize the. price of your tobacco, andprotect the value of your land bysigning the Growers Co-operativeContract.We believe that as a sensible man,you are going to sign.At Versailles, the committee representing the Burley MarKeting Association reported 232,000 pounds oftobacco signed Tuesday. The necessary 75 per cent, is assured for thecounty, workers believe. .County chairmen of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-opertive Association have been called by Organization Manager Joseph Passonneau tomeet in Lexington this (Friday) afternoon at 2 o'clock to report the exact conditions in their various counties as to the number of poundspledged and the prospect for an earlycompletion of the campaign to signup 75 per cent, of the crop to themarketing association.Congressman J. Campbell Cantrillpresented a forceful argument in aspeech at the Opera House in Maysville, Tuesday, in behalf of the contract of the Burley Tobacco GroweisCo-operative Association; declaringthat it presented the only solution ofthe problem of the tobacco growersof the burley district. At the closeof the meeting 22,596 pounds weresigned, making a total of 1,210,500pounds for the county.Three hundred tobacco growers ofFranklin county heard Joseph Passoneau, organization manager of theBurley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeMarketing Association, and Jas.N. Kehoe, Maysville banker, warehouseman and farmer, speak atFrankfort, in explanation of the planof the marketing association for thehandling of the burley tobacco cropof Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana and WestVirginia.After the addresses 26 of the growers present signed contracts whichrepresented a production of 210,000pounds. County Chairman BedfordMacklin said that about 500,000pounds previously had been pledgedto the pool in Franklin county.JfM Qrewler.Nofeodr rag cbewer. Anote bwm't a friend to tb world frCartoons lftgaxinVeteran of Civil WarStill Hale and HeartyGEORGE D. SHAW,"To say that I feel twenty-fiveyears younger, twenty-five yearsstronger expresses what Tanlac hasdone for me better than any otherway I can put it," said Geo. D. Shaw,veteran of the Civil War, who nowlives at 321 Wlxlnut street, Springfield, Mass."I am now seventy-eight years oldand I don't hesitate to say I havenever known a medicine to equalTanlac. For fif teen years I was subject to attacks of indigestion that.were so bad at times I would have tolay up for a week or two. For a longtime I lived on crackers and milkalone, as nothing else agreed withme."When I started on Tanlac Iweighed only one hundred and seventeen pounds and my days wereOVERTURNED LAMP CAUSES $50,000 BLAZEFire, believed to have been caused !by an overturned lamp in Hooper'sgrocery early Wednesday destroyedthat building and Allen's Warehouse,the Old Homestead Hotel and Bowman's restaurant, in Bloomfield, Ky.Damage was estimated at $50,000,partly covered by insurance. Thewarehouse housed farming implements. Calls for assistance were sentto Bardstown and Taylorsville, butthose cities reported inability to helpflight the fire.Wanted, to Rent CottageCottage or flat wanted by partywho has resided in present house,which has been sold) for five years,the previous house fourteen years.No small children. Call BOURBONNEWS, or E. T. Phone 844. (tf)Lost Diamond, RewardA diamond ring, Tiffany setting,2-karat diamond. Liberal reward ifreturned toTHE BOURBON NEWS.(30-3t)BargainsSpecial prices on gas, coal and coal,oil stoves.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.F. L. HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf) iFarm For RentMy farm of 566 acres, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, in Bourboncounty. Right to seed this fall.W. E. HIBLER,312 E. High Street,(26-4t) Lexington, Ky.Glasses FoundIf the gentleman who rode toParis in a Ford with a drummer recently, and who lost his glasses, willcall at THE NEWS office, he mayhave same by paying for this advertisement. (19-tf)NOTICE!Sales connections are now being formed for an electric farm-lightingplant that-will retail to the user for less than $200.00. For the conyenience of prospective sales dealers in Central Kentucky, a plant willbe exhibited in Lexington for a limited time during the near future. Fullinformation, and the opportunity to inspect the Lexington exhibit, will befurnished' to those companies, or indviduals, who are interested. Inanswering, please state your qualifications for handling farm-lightingrjDusinese. Aaaress sales MANAGER,, P. U. Box tzt, Louisvme, jiy.Springfield, Mass.thought to be numbered. I've beenso wonderfully built up, I now weighone hundred and forty-three pounds.and my stomach is as sound as adollar. In fact, I believe I could eatthe old army rations again withoutit hurting me in the least."I never miss a chance of sayinga good word for Tanlac and I wouldlike to urge the boys of the "Sixties"who are not feeling right to give itka trial, for I am sure it would put.them in line again just as it has me.For a man of my age to have no phy3-:ical ailment, to be well and strong.and enjoy life as he did twenty-fiveyears ago, is certainly something tobe thankful for and there is nothingtoo good I can say for Tanlac."Tanlac is sold at all first-class drugstores. (adv)Saleor1920 Ashland touring car; goodtires and machinery good. A carthat has been well taken care of.1920iBuick roadster, with wintertop and in excellent shape.WHITE FRONT GARAGE,Both Phones 706 Main Street.Mattresses RemadeWe take your old mattress, ren-j ovate it and put on a new tick whichmakes it as good as new. Give us atrial. We will call for and returnsame.Call Cumb. Phone 1042.PARIS BEDDING CO.(augl9-tf)Notice to the PublicDue to the reconstruction of Higlistreet, in this city, and the necessityof tearing up our tracks, effectiveas of August 8, we will abandon operations on High street.Interurban passenger cars will leaveFourteenth street two minutes laterthan the present schedule at theFifth street interurban station.Interurban freight will be received in a box car located on the sidingat Fourteenth street.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(aug8-tf)Reo Rapid Transit Co.BETWEENLEXINGTON and PARISLv. Lexington a. m. Lv. Paris a. m.5:30 I 6:308:30 9:3011:30- 12:302:30 3:305:30 6:30 .8:30 9:30HeadquartersParis, Court HouseLexington, Reo Garage146 E. Short St. Phone 4786S. S0UTHW0RTH, Mgr.(30aug-2t)TURNER & CLAYTONHIGH GRADE STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES334 Main Street Cumb. Phone 423Don't Overlook FELD'S Shoe StoreWhen ready for your fall and winter footwear.WE CAN PLEASE YOU IN QUALITY AND PRICELEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGYou may thinkall corn flakes are alikeuntil you tastePost Toastiesbest corn flakesThen you'll understand why the flavor, crigpnessand texture make "Post Toasties" the superior kind.lllllflHIl "I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I'I'IIIIS..I..I..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i.4.4..GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDayI 137'M"I"M"I"T" ft 1 1'K I' I HB ' fc,H"T' T T T"T - ,T,"T"I"T -KEEP COOLWith a Westinghouse Electric FanWe have them all sizes. Special cash discount. Call and tseeT. W.MAIN STREETiMtA.f. ,i i. LiiifTYTMn rr-F rlLeaweldingWe are now in a position to handleall classes of Oxy-Acetylene weldingand cutting, as well as general machine repair work, iPrompt ServiceWe solicit yourthe market forEngine Power.11GAS(Incorporated)WINCHESTER, KENTUCKY(aurlC-tf)iNight399M IMIllllillillMM'?"T - - I - - I - I - I - - I - - I"T - - ; - - ; - - I - - I"I - - r"r - - I"I - rr r 1 1 f I nour stock.SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSE1 1 l"f ttltttll 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 f t i Iinquiries when inGas or KeroseneRepairingrEH J MFC..oiJNt.It.. h.v'StftfwJV'.7 'jtev.K.J."-"f OTESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1921.THE BOURBON, NEWS. PARIS, ESNTUCCIFACEc ,iHjHifGENUINEBULLDURHAMtobacco makes 50flood cigarettes for10cWe want you to have thebest paper for "BULL."So now you can receivewith each package a bookff 24 leaves off UUIfethe very finest cigarettepaper in the world."HOSPITALITY WEEK" IN LOUISVILLE DUEING STATE FAIRVisitors to Louisville during theKentucky State Fair, September 12to 18, are to be made doubly welcomeand their, visits are to be made Dr. Harry E. Mathersdouble worth while t through the ,tued from his vacation.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.has re-vC Ouyi-udtyV 7htJfnsJ$a-trjfaeeZyfEXPRESS APPRECIATIONTHB NEWS, in an article in ourlast issue, took up th ecudgel in behalf of dumb animals that have beentinned by their owners, and suggesting the formation of a Human Society in Paris, if there is not alreadyone in existence.Since then we have heard manycommendations of the start we havemade, and modestly speaking, orwriting, rather, we are glad. Thepeople of Paris should realize theenormity of the offense committed,and the guilty ones should be broughtto justice.If there is a Humane Society here,it needs gavanizing into life, so thatsomething may be done for the bettorprotection of defenseless animals andthe punishment of those who so cruelly use them. Let's have some action in the matter.CutFlowers!For Funerals, Parties, Weddings and other occasions"where flowers are used.Say it with flowers it isthe most expressive way.BOTH PHONESJO VARDENplans of the Young Business Men'sLeague, which is promoting "Hospitality "Week" to coincide with theState Fair date.Smiles and handshakes are to bethe "high sign" of the week and"What can we do for you?" is thepassword. Invitations by the thousand are being sent by Louisvilliansto their friends, asking them to visitLouisville during the week. When aperson is invited his name is turnedinto the office of the League by theperson giving the invitation and asecond invitation is sent.The second invitation is accompanied by a coupon good for many valuable things when the visitors comesto Louisville and registers. For instance, each person who accepts theinvitation is to receive a "treasurechest" containing more than 100samples of articles manufactured andsold in Louisville. The chests arethe size of a small berry crate. Everyarticle in them is of practical value.Besides the treasure chests thosewho spend "Hospitality Week" inLouisville are to receive motion picture tickets, good for admission totheatres where big pictures are onthe first-run circuit.Every visitor is to wear a "guest"badge. Members of every businessclub, civic improvement club, luncheon club and other such organizations in Louisville have joined withthe Young Business Men's League inplans to make welcome those who accept the city's hospitality.There is nothing exclusive aboutMrs. Maria Lyons is at West Baden Springs, Indiana, for a ten-days'stay.Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Momory andson, of Louisville, are guests offriends.Mrs. Emma Ardery, of Cynthiana, is a guest of her son, Samuel Ardery, near Paris.Mrs. Bettie Trundle Brock, ofSt. Louis, is a guest of relatives inParis and the county.Miss Catherine Walsh, of Paris,was a recent guest of friends andrelatives in Mt. Sterling.H. H. Lloyd and Claybrook Jacoby, of Paris, are at Petoskey, Mich.,for the relief of hay fever.Miss Elizabeth Hill has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Rieckel, and family, in Cynthiana.Miss Ellen Dailey has returnedto her home in Louisville, after anextended visit to Mrs. Maria Lyons.Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Lovell havearrived in Paris from Beaumont,Tex., to make their future home inParis.George White Fithian, of NewYork City, is a guest of his mother,Mrs. Macie White Fithian, in thiscity.Miss Christine Thomas will leaveto-day for Shelbyville, where she willbecome a student at the Science HillCollege.J. A. Stern, of the Fair Store,will leave this week for a twoweeks' visit to friends in Mt. Clemens, Mich.Mrs. F. S. Elder and daughter,Miss Ruby, have gone to Lake Village, Afk., for a month's visit torelativesWhiter Kenney, Jr., of Paris, attended the dance given in Frankfortthe affair, it has been emphasized,' at the Governor's Mansion, by Misaand if there is any one in the State ? MissGlad7s Young has returnedwho has not been invited he is urgednot to be "peevish" about it, but toget busy and write to his Louisvilleacquaintances, jacking them up fornot inviting him.Every Louisville business man hasbeen supplied with plenty of cards,each entitling him to invite as manyvisitors as he wishes, so if any onegets left out it's because his friendsare lazy, officials of the League say,Those invited are urged not toforget to register and obtain their"treasure chests.""Cold In the Head"Is an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead'' will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead toChronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the System. thUS reflUpitlP tVlo Inflgmmotln. t Jl) restoring normal conditions.Ail uruggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.WE HAVE OPENEDBARREL OFHEINZLWHITEVINEGAR! iiilS. P. MOHNEY IChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARIS?IIIIIIIMH llltHfHHMHOWSFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTAGENT FORHONAKERTHE FLORISTCorsage Bouquetsa SpecialtyThe Best for PickleMakingWe Have a Full Line ofFreshPickling SpicesGive Us Your Order.Logan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179tfDfUVrXl EilW SfjJYzrvyiVtWVrrrlu.viirJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering; Gas.Bat the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses n buttonAnd has Electrio light. 'to her home in Owingsville, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Harry 0. James,of Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Sheeler andchildren-have returned from Beaumont, Texas, and will make their future home in Paris.Mrs. Rosa Payne has returnedto Hamilton College, in Lexington,after a visit to Mrs. Hugh Montgomery, of Duncan avenue.Misses Hettie and Nell Whaleyhave returned from a visit to theirsister, Mrs. W Hoffman Wood, andMr. Wood, in Mt. Sterling.Miss Mary Frances Lyons has returned to Louisville after spendingthe summer in Paris with her grandmother, Mrs. Maria Lyons.Miss Elizabeth Martin has returned to Louisville, after a visit toher aunt, Mrs. Clark Barnett, andMr. Barnett, on Houston avenue.Mrs. J. T. Clark, who has beenseriously ill at the Massie MemorialHospital, is recovering, and will soonbe able to leave the institution.Mrs. Carrie Hardy and daughter,Miss Louise Hardy have returned totheir home in Mt. Sterling, after avisit to Paris friends and relatives.Mr. and Mrs. John Cahal, MissVirginia Cahal and Miss OnileeStone have returned from a campingtrip at the Boonesboro bathing beach.Mrs. Noah Smith, formerly ofnear Jacksonville, and Paris, now residing in Columbus, Mo., is here fora visit to her nephew, William Smith,on Sixteenth street. .Miss Esther Boatright, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, for the past threethree weeks, suffering from typhoidfever, is improving, but not able toMr. and Mrs. Frank Clark, enroute to their home in Anderson, Ind.,from an automobile tour to Chatta-r,rt0-orpprm -were suests severaldays last week of Mr. and Mrs. FrankTrisler.Henry Bickel, of the contractingA. nf.-Rpnrv Bickel & Co., of Louisville, was in Paris several daysv.o Tinst week, inspecting the reconstruction work being done on Parisstreets by his firm.En route to their home in Mays-ville from Frankfort, where they hadattended the dance given at Executive Mansion by Miss Edwina Mor-i .v-ht ivivc h;. i j. ivuiiuiiiHiu")i-vre athoVipII Thomas. Church-Thomas and George H. Leonard wereguests of Miss Elizabetn Jiay aimbrother, Mr. Thomas Henry Clay,who entertained in their honor with-, lunnhprm followed by a dance ma. iij.vw .,the afternoon.' (Other Personage on Page 5). oBACK PROM TRIPS. E. Borland and his party ofParis people, who made the personally conducted river trip with him,returned to Paris, Wednesday morning, after a delightful vacation. Theparty left Paris on August 23, andmade an all-river trip by steamerfrom Cincinnati to Pittsburg, stopping en route to visit Maysville,Portsmouth and other towns alongthe river. The trip covered a distance of a thousand miles, the entireexpenses of 'the trip being only $30.Music, dancing, games and otheramusements formed a diver tisementon board the steamer, while side tripsto points of interest when the boatlanded, contributed very much to"the pleasure of the party. Mr. Bore-land says he already has several applications for the next trip, by Parispeople who regretted not going thi3this time, after learning what an enjoyable trip the voyagers had.BOURBON WINKERS AT SHELBYPAIRIn the stock rings at the ShelbyCounty Fair, recently held at Shelbyville, Ky., Bourbon County stockmen were highly successful withtheir exhibition stables of saddle andharness horses and mules.In the saddle horse rings,, the entries of Messrs. A. G. Jones and Letton Vimont carried away nearly everything they went after, and Mr.Jno. H. Marr, well-known BourbonCounty mule dealer, was signallysuccessful with his stable of high-ciass mules, winning blue ties overthe best mules in the South.The winning contents participatedin by Bourbon exhibitors follows:Best mare mule, three years andover, John Marr, first.Best yearling mule, John Marr,first.B,est team of mule, John Marr,first and third.In thevsweeptakes ring for mulesof all ages, Mr. Marr's entries wonthe first, second and third ties.Letton Vimont's superb stable "ofPlantation horses cleaned up in thering as follows: In the Plantationring LillianMack won first; Blackman, a sorrel mare won second andBlackman, Kentucky Colonel, a likelylooking black gelding, won the thirdpremium. This ring was worth $100to Mr. "Vimont, the stake being divided $50 to first, ?30 to second and?20 to the third. .Mr. Vimont alsowon many blue ties at the Mt .Sterling Fair and again at the EwingFair recently, with his horses.The stable of Messrs. Allie G. Jones& Sons accounted for themselves atShelbyville as follows:Horses were shown exclusively andall of the rings were well filled,, butinterest centered in the SweepstakeSaddle ring for a purse of ?1,000, in.which there were eight entries.A. G. Jones & Sons, of North Middletown, won first, second and thirdprizes with Bit O'Glory, Beverly Kingand Emily McCready, respectively.Saddle stallion, 3 and over A. G.Jones, 1st; H. & D. Smith, 2nd.Fancy buggy gelding or mare A.G. Jones, 1st; C. L. Cook, 2nd.In the sweetstakes for fine harnesshorses, for which a purse of $250was offered, A. G. Jones & Sons, ofNorth Middletown, won first and second prizes, with Charles L. Cook,third.Best team of mules, John Marr,1st; C. L. Cook, 2nd; G. L. Howell,3rd.In the sweepstakes tor combinedhorses A. G. Jones & Sons took firstand second premiums, with Minton& Hughes third.Mr. Marr, in tfompany with hisneighbors, Messrs. Letton Vimont,Charles Martin and George R. Stoker,will ship two car loads of showhorses and mules to Lexington today to be exhibited at the BluegrassFair, Tuesday.In Mr. Marr's consignment are sixbig show mules the equal of whichwill be hard to find anywhere. Thesemules run from yearlings to four-year-olds,and include two teams ofanimals that are said to be as nearperfection as is possible to get them.Mr. Marr has-been successfully engaged in the show mule business fora number of years and is consideredan authority on this class of stock.He only recently returned from 8edalia and Springfield, Mo., and al30from Illinois, where he acted as judgein a number of mule rings.oGIRLS! LEMONSWHITEN SKIN ANDBLEACH" FRECKLESBURLEY TOBACCO GROWERS'CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION"In Union There Is Strength"SIGN YOUR CONTRACTTHE UKLXERjSrfeiCXltFord Carsi andFordsonTractorsSpeak For ThemselvesRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYiiiiiiiiiiuiiiinMMiMHiiininniiniiiiiiiiuiParis Gas & Electric Co.(Imnoialat)Saueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing three ouncesof Orchard White, which any drugstore will supply for a few cents,shake well, and you have a quarterpint of harmless and delightful lemonbleach. Massage thjs sweetly fragrant lotion into the face, neck, armsand hands each day, then shortlynote the beauty and whiteness ofyour skin.Famous stage beauties use thislemon lotion to bleach and bring thatsoft, clear, rosy-white complexion,also as a freckle, sunburn, and tanbleach because it doesn't irritate.(T-tf)oWOMAN FOREMAN OP SPECIALGRAND JURY.Less Than Seven Cents Per DayA HOME TELEPHONEwith modern equipment and courteous operators at yourservice day and night in your residence for a fractionless than seven cents per day. vGIVE US YOUR ORDERParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedIII! II llf 4H'I ! tllllllHlDreaming of Bandits.If they attack you, rely upon yourown strength and vigor; if you attack them, beware that some misfortune does not overtake you; to seethem, prosperity and riches.tea It Strange?Bonebow or other the man whoSJDorw the leadest always seems to goIt sleep lint m a Pullman car:- rA special grand jury, headed byMrs. W. J. Starks, of Mt. Vernon, asforeman, was called by Circuit JudgeB. J. Bethurum to invistigate theshooting last week of Watt Norton,at his home, ten miles from there.James Winstead, a farmer, who wason the bond of John Bailey, sentenced to life imprisonment for killingBeverly D. White, is in jail chargedwith the killing. Mrs. Starks is theonly woman member of the specialgrand jury.EXCURSIONCINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35--L & N.$2.35Sunday, Sept. 11, 1921Special 'train will leave Paris at8:10 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City.. Time). For further inforjna-jtion, consult Local Ticket Af eat. i(eptl-C-i) .NWHTo Be Run By Old PaintersKANE BROS.have purchased and taken over the stock andbusiness of the TEMPLIN PAINT CO. A complete-lineofPAINTS, VARNISHES AND BRUSHESPainters' Supplies and Wall PaperNow is the time to contract for Fall Paintingor Papering. A guarantee in every particular willbe furnished.fKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSiith (Main St., Opp. Bturfcn Lumhir C.CIMMsssMrlflMMl niBMPi lvf hVvHSjw ROMA 9H9JWa " i -IiBft-vM- - '-:THE BOURBON NEWS, ?AM3. -KESTtfCKXTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER , lflir-WiPAGlrOUKjfeT' PARIS PLAYGROUNDS CLOSEDAfter a successful season, duringwhich hundreds of Paris kiddies hada thoroughly enjoyable time, theParis playgrounds closed with a program of events in the court houseyard, and a parade by the children,headed by the Y. M. C. A. Boys'Band.' The program opened with a paradein which over 250 children tookpart, carrying banners bearing appropriate inscriptions. Headed by theY. M. C. A. Band, the parade formedan the rear of the court house, 'moving up Main street to Tenth and return, disbanding in front of the coui thouse, after the disbanding the exercises in the court nouse yard wereheld, preceded by a band concert.,EThe program was opened with community singing upder the direction of-A. It. Boatright. The program comprised sack races, foot races, jumping-and other athletic contests. TheThinners were awarded prizes, thosetaking second place being given redribbons. Outdoor games, includingliObby Lou, Farmer In The Well,Dropping The Handkerchief, etc.,were played, after which the children-were treated to ice cream cones, icecream and cake in the basement ofthe court house.The exercises were conducted under the direction of Mrs. Howard B.Carr, who has for several months beenacting as director or playgroundwork, Drt M. M. H. Dailey, RudolphDavis, C. B. Harrison, Misses EdithStivers, Sara Power, Margaret Santenand Miriam Galloway.The playgrounds, in connectio.iwith the Paris public schools, willcontinue! Mrs. Carr will be succeeded as supervisor of playgrounds anddirector of Community Service byMiss Nell Bobbins, of Tupelo, Miss.,who will also be instructor of physical training at the Paris Hign scnooi.AGENTS WjOTTEDWe want a lady or gentleman agentto handle city trade in- Paris and:other vacant cities. This is a wonderful opportunity as you will be retailing the genuine J. R. WatkinsProducts, including Watkins' Cocoanut Oil Shampoo, Garda Face Powder, Fruit Drinks, and-" over 137other products. Write to-day forfree sample and particulars.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.,(sept6-3t) 68 Memphis, Tenn.TOBACCO TTATT, INSURANCE.McCLTJRE & DONALDSON. AGTS.HRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG..(1-tfjPARIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESMiss Margie Kelley will direct thecommercial work again this year.Paris or Bourbon county people interested in any line of commercialwork can get the best possibletraining at home. Men and womenwho are working can arrange forone or more hours of instructionsper day. Call City School office.The first, second and third gradesare to attend Tuesday. The fourth,fifth and sixth to start Wednesday.The seventh, eighth, ninth and tenthThursday. The eleventh and twelfthstart Monday, September 12th. Parents are cordially invited to visit theschool at any time. Every day ispatron's day here. 'The Paris High School AthleticAssociation will start a campaignThursday for the sale of adult season tickets for the football season$2.00 per ticket. Robert Megloneand Rene Clark, business manager?,will-be assisted in their campaignby Prof. F. A. Scott, principal ofthe high School. Get your new suitat the Y. M. C. A.-o-Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN"The Pride of Paris"OFFERSPURE LINENSLatest Importations of Pure Linens Direct From theEmerald Isles On Sale at Long-Waited-For PricesDamasks NapkinsPURE LINEN SATIN-FACED72 INCHES WIDE $8.50 VALUE-$3.98 yd.22-INCH NAPKINS TO MATCH$6.50 for Six or' $12.50 per Dozen$6.50GRADEDAMASK13.3NAPKINS TO MATCH$4.98 for Six or $9.50 per DozenHEAVY SATIN DAMASKIN SOLID 72-INCH$3.98iiPURE LINEN WEFTDAMASK72 INCHES WIDE ATk $2.48 yd.NAPKINS TO MATCH$2.98 for SixALL ABOVE SOLD INf SETS ORSEPARATELY AS DESIREDTable SetsHEM-STITCHED TABLE CLOTHAND NAPKINS TO MATCH$12.50 to $25.00VSETUNHEMMED SETS BOQKFOLDNAPKINS TO MATCHFINE IRISH AND SCOTCH" LINENS .$12.50 to $25.00Luncheon SetsGENUINE EMBROIDERED MADEIRALUNCHEON SETS TABLE COVERSTEA DOILIES-CENTERPIECES BEAUTIFULLY WORKED ON IRISH LINENBreakfast SetsCOLORED AND COLORED BORDERS '$3.98 to $9.50Pure Linen Special PricingsUnusual Assortments of Fine Linen Lawn Handkerchief Linen Napkin LinenArt Embroidery Crashes in All Widths Displayed in Natural Linen Shades' White and Many Colors. Appropriate for Jumpers Children's Dresses Art WorkAll Linen Towels and TowelingsTowels in All Sizes Plain and Fancy. Stevens Crash Towels in Pure LinensNatural Colors Bleached and Glass Checked. Linens at Prices Lowest SincePre-War Times. The New Tariff Will Advance All Imported Linens.BUY LINENS NOWL'- 4 .s- N"PARISCORPORATE P-DEPARTMENT STOREKENTUCKY'4SIMON'S FINALCLEARANCE SALESNOW GOING ONDrastic Reductions are resorted to in order that we maydispose of ail remaining Spring and Summer Merchandise.Final pricings make these values beyond comparison. Donot take our word for it come and see for yourself.27 Voile and Dotted SwissDresses, values up to $15.00Choice $1.002 Silk Dresses, $12.50 values Choice $1.0010 Capes, Blue and Tan,values up to $29.50Choice $9.9826 Spring Coats, Blue andTan, values up to $35.00Choice $9.986 Evening Dresses, slightlysoiled, values up to 269,50Choice $5.005 Plain ,and Dotted SwissDresses, values up to $25.00Choice $3.983 Wash Jumper Dresses,$3.00 valuesChoice $1.0019 Serge and TricoletteDresses, Navy color, valuesup to $20,00Choice $6.984 "Miss America" Middies(serge) values up to $9.98Choice $3.9825 Spring Suits, colors tan,blue, black, rose, black andwhite checks, values up to$69.50Choice $9.98I No C. O, D.'s43 Silk Dresses, values upto $40.00Choice $12.98Sport and Wash Skirts6 Sport and Wash Skirts,$9.98 valuesChoice $2.987 Skirts $12.50 valuesChoice $3.9825 Skirts, $15.00 valuesChoice $4.9818 Skirts, $19.50. to $25.00valuesChoice $6.986 Skirts, $29.50 to $35.00valuesChoice $9.98:No Phone Orders TakenNo ExchangesNo DeliveriesSIMON224 W. Main StreetLexington, KentuckyBFARE REFUNDED ON ALL PURCHASES EXCEEDING $25.00DEATHS.RILEY.The funeral of Mrs. ElisahPth mRiley, aged seventy-six, who diedounaay morning, of pneumonia, atthe home of Joha Ferguson, on theJackstown pike, will be held at theFerguson home, at nine o'clock this(Tuesday) morning. The body willbe taken to the Mt. Pisgah Cemeteryn Fleming county, for interment.. Mrs. Riley was the widowof Barton Riley, a pioneer resident ofthe Jackstown vicinity. Her only surviving relative was. her nephew, JohnFerguson, at whose home she had resided for several years.dTfr CASES W COURT OEAPPEALS.ward of its own merits. Her canvasses grace the walls of such notedWheSer VTlcor Olive "? V ? I . " the Court of AppealBirdie Pollock Graham, Frank Bick-' e fal1' 1921 term' wl"ch beginsnel, Henry Swope, George Gray Barn-on Monday, September 19th, consist?ard, and others of enual note. T.iir.o'of 29 criminal cases and 209 oivn" " - i r w.HUFFMAN.The body of Mark Huffman, agedfifty-four, who died at the familyhome in Hillsdale, in Bracken county, last week, was brought to Paris.where the funeral and interment took I Rose; honoraryness of several former Judges of theBourbon County Court, from herbrush, adorn the walls of the County Court room, in the Bourbon countycourt house. Mrs. Hill was a woman of culture and refinement, andone whose artistic temperament wascoupled with a genial dispositionwhich made her hundreds of warmfriends. She was ever cheerful, entertaining, instructive and inspiring.The funeral was held Saturday afternoon at four o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. J. T. Sharrard,assisted by Rev. C. H. Greer.The active pall-bearers were "William Miller, Clay Sutherland, Chas.W, Fithian, Harry Brent Fithian,Walter Kenney, Jr., Harry Hutchcraft, Winn Hutchcraft and RobertCharles H. Bowyer,place Friday, with services conduct-1 D. r'. Thompson, James M.' O'Brien!Wm. R. Blakemore. Georere W. Williams and Charlton Clay.oLAW VIOLATORS EENTEDViolators of the game laws areed at tne grave by Rev.- Thos. Wood.of Brooksville. Mr. Huffman's deathwas caused by cancer.He was a native of Bourbon county, residing in the Old Union vicinity,where the Huffman's constituted amoved to Brooksville about ten 'veara . findinS out that justice will not beago, with his niece, Mrs. A. P. tampered with in this county. In theWieat, and engaged in the grocery County Court yesterday County Judgebusiness. Later he bought and mov-! George Eatterton heard testimonyed to a farm near Hillsdalp. whpri 'Vsnhmittfid in tha n,n?P5 nf Wpctonhe resided tO the time Of hiS death. HnlmfiR Thnmas Pnlmpr nnrl TUfnlt.. InerinrJ vnripoHe is survived hv nra hrnthor Wm tt..-i- 'm -r . ,. -. ' , x-i- - -- " " luarit, an oi isouEDon, couniy, cnargea muutiis or more.I with hunting without the required Bourbon county is in the Ff th Ap-HTLL. ! licenses. They were fined $23.50 . pellate District and Judge Wm. Rog-each. The arrests were made at theinstance of members of the BourbonCounty Game Club and the countygame Wardens.ocases. Of these the following are,from Bourbon county: "ttjillett, etc,vs. Willett, Admr., etc.; Smith &Earlywine, etc., vs. Payne, Agent,etc.; Dalzell vs. Bourbon CountyBoard of Education, etc.: Clay vClay. "These cases will be called for submission on September 21, and if readywill be submitted. A case is considered ready when the brief for appellant has been filed. In the eventthat the appallant's brief or either-an argument or motion for extensionof time to file brief, has not beenfiled the case is dismissed; if steps:for extension of time have been taken,it is passed. Passed cases are calledfor submission on the second call oCthe docket, which is set by RoySpeck, Clerk of the Court of Appeals,for some day during1 the latter partof the term, and, if ready, are submitted; if not ready, they are eitherdismissed or continued to the nextterm. Submitted cases do not go tothe Court for immediate consideration and decision, unless advanced,but remain in the keeping of theClerk until called by the Court forconsideration. The extent of thisfrom six to eierhtFollowing an illness due to aTcomplication of diseases, Mrs. HattieHutchcraft Hill, aged seventy-four,one of the best-known women in Central Kentucky, died at seven o'clockFriday morning, at her home on EastEighth street. Mrs. Hill has beenpractically an invalid for twenty?years, in the past year being confinedto her bed.Mrs. Hill was a daughter of theand was born at the old Hutchcrafthomestead, near Stony Point, in thisSTORE ROOM LEASEDThe vacant store room on Mainstreet, recently vacated by B. Friedman, belonging to the J. T. Hinton, j. W j , -r -x. , , "estate, nas Deen leasea ior a xerm orInto Mr finrt Mro Tomao tJu hinnj i, 4. -u ij tt I ii 7L years to , George L. Hale, who willand wao hnrn nt thick rlrl TTnfnTinT'oft tf aonen a retail business. Mr. Hale wiUcony .romi, in mis .. ,. ,, , ,.county in 1847. She received her'?ut m a ms sn?CK or I00a PraucESearly education m the schools of the lL yaagco, xiuo, cio. i. na.cday, graduating with honors from took possession of the store imme lithe old Daughters' College, at Hav-.ately.rnflchnrp1 "Rlnrltr in Ufa aha rTin- Iart as a profession, and studied under j' "LEG BROKEN BY KICKthe best masters of the times, in Cin-1cinnati, New York, Boston and Phil- while driving a horse and ,adelphia. Going abroad she spent q0-uqj OY. , ,,a,ran ,ra oo o n4- v ... attached to a farm wagon on theJulien Academy, in Paris. Franco. Lexington pike, near Hutchison, yesJulien Academy, in Paris.There she pursued her artunaer sucn notea artist-teacners asBenjamin Constant, Jean Paul Laur-studies tertlay Alonzo Gmn, brother of Jass.limn, oi .rans, was pamtuiiy injuredby being kicked by the horse, hisens, Jules Lefebre and Boutet rte risrht leer beine: fractured.Monvel. Mrs. Hill was successful "in The mule in a playful humor, niphaving two of her nictures anftentnA a i, t.- vjv x j n..and hung on the-walls of the Frenp.h Z i..J.J. .n .. , ,,.. ,,Salon, one being a still-life painting, WU1 .us 's"The Lobsters;" and the other a blow landed on Mr Gmns legs in"beautiful marine view, both winning stead of the mule's- His left leghigh praise from the critics. She was severely bruised by the horsef3raf Iscientious student in' art circles, jmd,'medical Ttttitfon.ers Clay, of Lexington, is the Appellate Judge from the district.& .k t9Q4MBIRTHS.In Eminence, to the wife of Jas.Dowden, v. son. Mrs. Dowden wasformerly Miss Aliqe Ingels, of Mil-lersburg.AGED COLORED MAN DEADRichard Kelley, aged eighty-three,one of the best-known colored residents of Paris, died yesterday afternoon at four o'clock, at his home iiRuckerville, after a long ill ess dueto the infirmities of age. Thoughborn in slavery, he found means toacquire the rudiments of an education, and was posessed of considerable property at the time of hisdeath. He was president of theParis Colored Cemeterv Associationand was held in higli esteem by both,white and colored. His code of honrwas to owe no man anTthinsr. andin all hi life he held, to the strictprinciple of that code.Ivv'. vr TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1921.THE BOURBON NBW&.PACT FTfvi&feyXe2iJewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseTEN-CENT CIGAHCENTS.TOR ITVETry our famous Edgemont cigarthat we are selling for 5 cents. It isa regular 10-cent quality and is becoming very popular and a big seller. (It) JAS. E. CRAVEN.SOCIAL Am) PERSONAL. Friday afternoon with a party attended by several young ladies ofr ji i . rv i .rans.vubuub aim urcmiga ujl um JPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Edna Earle Rummans, ofParis, has returned from a week'svisit to Mrs. R. E. Flanders andfamily, in Lexington.Robert "Welch, of Lexington,who has been visiting his aunt, Mrs.for several weeks, has returned homeMAEGOLENS BACON SPECIAL FORTEN DAYS.Mrs. Alice Fisher has returnedto her home in Carlisle after a visitto relatives in this city.nSr'SSteq HlS f tt -Howard Gilbert, Clay Aldrich,Jttev. Bverette S. Smith, of Han- rpwk TTnrt rr oo n. ,kinsville, is a guest of his mothecJI'S.0Airs T.iiMr QmlMi r,o Bi -,. uu.rau, au ui wmcue&wi,Mrs. Bettie 'carter, of' Norfli SJ? J!iMirtrilptnwn ic Q miocf nfT,M , I "CX1-.?"" . uti yi iy iter. at. tW inn; "" " n, IT i ?We tlme Love hunting on the OwenTiffi X,' j vrJTirltt' farm near Paris..it.lx.3o f muves jixy unu DromersClay Owen for theThe party had an enjoy-WE HAVE SOME EINE COUNTRY BACON THAT WE ARE GOING TO SELL AT 18 CENTS PERPOUND FOR THE NEXT TENDAYS.MARGOLEN IfflEAT MARKET.oUSHER NEW ITREICANSpears Pendleton, who has been amember of the Paris Fire Departmentfor several months, has resigned his.position. Thomas Fisher was appointed to fill the place temporarilyuntil a permanent fireman is selectedat the next meeting of the CityCouncil. Mr. Pendleton will locatein Cincinnati.(Other Personals on Page 3)ALLEGED BOOTLEGERS ARRESTEDCharged with having liquor inINCREASED CAPITAL STOCKAt a meeting of the officers andBoard of Directors of the Peoples'Building &' Loan Association, held inoffices of the Peoples-Deposit Bank.& Trust Company, it was voted toIncrease the capital stock of the Association from 200,000 to 500,000.HAS ARM BROKEN"TChile playing with companions enthe city school lot Friday afternoon,Carl Dykes, son of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Dykes, fell from a tree to theground, a distance of about fifteenfeet. His right arm was broken justbelow the elbow. He was removedto his home and the injured member given medical attention.o "LIGHTEN. THE BURDENS OP FALLHOUSE CLEANINGWhy worry over the Fall housecleaning when we can so simplify thematter. We do all kinds of cleaning carpets, rugs, curtains, clothesetc. Let us have your carpets a adrugs now and be ready before thebad weather sets in.(6-2t) LEVY, THE CLEANER,ovARM BROKEN IN FALL FROMHORSEMiss Helen Hutchison, of Hunt' ington, West Virginia, received abroken arm and sefious bruises lateSaturday afternoon when a horse shewas riding became unmanageableand threw her to the ground withconsiderable force. Miss Hutchinson is a sister of Mrs. T. S. Smylie.and was visiting at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Steele Marsh, near Paris,when the accident occurred. She wastaken to the Massie Memorial Hospital for treatment, and was reported to be resting well last night.CLAUDE M. THOMAS ADDRESSESCLARK COUNTY GROWERSHon. Claude M. Thomas ,of Paris,was the principal speaker Saturdayat an enthusiastic and largely-attendedmeeting, of Clark county tobacco growers held in the courthouse at Winchester. Mr. Thomasdelivered a forcible and eloquent address, urging acceptance of the cooperative plan of marketing burleytobacco The growers expressed theirappreciation and endorsement of th2plan and promised their support tovthe movement.nave taken rooms at the home ofMrs. Edna McMillan, on Stoner avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser andchildren, of Paris, were guests lastweek of Rev. and Mrs. R. L. Riddell,in Midway.Mrs. A. j. Fee has returned to ms possession for purpose o f saleher home in this" city from a visit to John Cain, of Paris, was placed un-her-sister, Mrs. George Sun, in Lex-, der arrest Saturday night by Patrol-inSt0AricO -do n u ,. . man Robt- Lusk- He was later re-Miss Rose Overbey, of Higgms ! ieaSed on a bond of ?300 to appearavenue, practical nurse, is at the:in court to anhwer he char PP fMuSSbiS " ' ia ' ged that Cain at the solicl-Mrs. L. M. Snodgrass and Mw. I .V l .En&lish' Procured herSamuel Powell and children, of Win- a DOttle of whisky, and was in theChester, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. act of delivering it when the officerJohn Merringer. - appeared on the scene and placedMr. and Mrs. Samuel Willis him under arrest. Anne Englioihave taken rooms at the residence was summoned as a witness in theof Dr. and Mrs. W. T. Brooks, on mso roir. nQiTT ,i.i jDuncan avenue sentence after having paid a fine ofLawrence D. Mitchell has gone t9rft , ,..,. , ,to Charleston, West Va., where he ?25 f?r transPrtmg liquor in ahas taken a position with the Acup , "" f rom Coraeton to Paris.Creek Coal Company. - j Later in the same night Chief ofMrs. Frank Sullivan and two , Police Link ahd Patrolman Lusk,children, of Frankfort, are guests of , armed with search-and-seizure warMiss Winnie Hanley, and of her rants, paid a visit to the rooms onbrother, Edward Doyle, in this : city. Main street, between Seventh andMr. and Mrs. Fred Wlsckesser. '-nuc-hi, nA ,iof Parkersburg, West Va., who have ' "Z,"" JL.?'":just returned from a visit in New - """T c. illiU"' ' w"44-" " w?aYork, are guests of friends in Paris. said' had been bought to Paris hiMiss Lela Scoggan returned, an automobile y a man from Cinyesterday to her home in Louisville, '-cinnati. Following the search ofafter a two-weeks' visit to Mr. and the rooms, L. T. Leach and BertMrs. John Redmon, near North Mid-j King, both white, were'placed underdletown. arrest on a warrant charging themJohn Adair Richardson has re- with having liquor in their posses-aunt and uncle, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. ! furnished bond in the sum of ?300Havens, near Paris. each and will be given a hearing inMrs. Victor Corbin and little the Police Court before Police Judgeson, of Butler, and Jos. Thompson, 'Ernest Martin, Saturday,of Dayton, Ohio, are visiting their I .parents, Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Thomason, at Little Rock.During his stay in Paris yesterday Congressman J. Campbell Cantrillwas entertained at dinner by Mr. andMrs. James H. Thompson, and wastheir guest last night.Mrs. Merriett J. Shobe and littleson, Merrit Shobe, Jr., of Salem, NewJersey, are guests at the home of theformer's mother, Mrs. Henry Butler,and family, on Vine street.Ben Leach, formerly of Kentuck-ian-Citizen,now residing inSt.LouH,is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Marion Leach, and family, in thisWantedWater wells to drill by an experienced man. Call on or address,SILAS WELLS,(It) Route 7, Paris, Ky.Lostcity. Mr. Leach is employed in a jOn Main street yesterday betweenthe Kress Store and Margolen's MeatMarket a pocketbook containing a"iR11TTI nf mnnmr IT! mifftmnrr ninilnnlargGJb VJ?R1li?i.t--,1?;lwi11 be rewarded by returning sameiJU l 111 X 1UU1U11 uuu OU11, WI -t-QSEED WHEAT E0R SALEBEARDED EULTZ SEED WHEAT,:PH0NE, CUMBERLAND 540NIGHT, 997 DAY. OLD R. B.HUTCHCRAPT ELEVATOR STAND.COLLIER BROS.rjNOTICE TO DISABLED SOLDIERS.All former soldiers with claims forcompensation insurance, etc., canget prompt action this week by applying to the 'Clean-up Squad" mLexington, 2nd floor, Basset building,Advise you see F. G. Hagan Pos,service officer, First National Bankbuilding, in Paris, before going andget all necessary papers.Wejurge anyone who knows ofcases desiring attention to refer thesame to Mr. Hagan immediately.BOURBON POST AMERICAN LEGION.MrsHuntington, West Va., and Mr. andMrs. Wm. O. Bailey, of Louisville,are guests at the home of Mr. andMrs. Charles N. Fithian, on Pleasantstreet.Miss Maxie Welch, a native ofthe Philippine Islands, who has beenresiding in Lexington for some time,has enrolled as a member of thenurses training class in theMemorial Hospital Trainingfor Nurses.Mrs. M. J. Gunn, of Harlan, formerly Miss Dorcas Ussery, of Paris,left yesterday for Louisville, accompanied by her father, Dr. W. C.Ussery. Mrs. Gunn will undergo anoperation at the Norton Infirmary, tobe performed by Dr. Louis Frank,formerly of Paris.To-morrow night the first Autumn Dance will be given at theMammoth Garage No. 2, the hoursbeing from nine to three. Music willbe furnished by two orchestras, Montague's and Smith's. Vail Baldwinand James C. McClintock are promoting the dance.Mrs. J. L. Clark, wife of Rev. J.L. Clark, former pastor of the Paris(6-tf) ANDERSON CAHAL,Cahal Bros.' Barber Shop.For RentFour nicely furnished upstairsMassie luulua 1U- cAtencm luuation, ai reaonni ' sonable price. For further information can rata jnujvvcs omce, eitnerphone 124.WE ARE RIGHT BUSYTHANKFor several reasons. The outstanding one isVALUE-GIVINGHere are SOME of them; not all:iREASON NUMBER TWOMen's SuitsNEW FALL STYLES$15, $18, $20, $25, $30and $32.50REASON NUMBER THREEMen's New Fall Shoes$3.45, $3.75, $4.85, $7.8REASON NUMBER FOURMen's Hats$3.00, $3.50, $4.00, $5.00REASON NUMBER FIVEWork Shirts, 59c, 85cREASON NUMBER SIXBoys' Suits$6.45, $7.50, $8.50, $10.00REASON NUMBER SEVENBoys' Shoes$2.45, $2.95, $3.45REASON NUMBER EIGHTBoys' Hats and Caps50c, 75c, $1.00REASON NUMBER NINEBoys' Waists and Shirts50c, 75c, $1.00We can show you many more if you'll let us. No greater values have everbeen offered by anybody, anywhere.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetwmwmwmwrtrrwwFor SaleDecker Bros.' upright piano. Ingood condition. Also some householdfurniture. Apply to(6-2t) MRS. A. P. BROWN.For RentTO EEECT RETAINING WALLAn agreement has been filed in theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton"between Mrs. Ida A. Curtis and theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Co.,by which the railroad company willbuild a concrete retaining wall between its property and that of Mrs.Curtis, located on Tenth street, nearthe railroad crossing. Two suits recently filed by Mrs. Curtis againstthe railroad company for alleged-damages sustained as a result of water flooding her property will be"withdrawn, aadthe railroad companyagrB to pay Mrs. Curtis $150 addi-"tiOJMi. t . - vOne neatly furnished bedroom onTenth street. Rent reasonable. ForMethodist church, who was bitten by i information call THE NEWS office,a snaive wnne on a camping trip near , either phone 124.Mt. Sterling, is now out of danger,and is recovering rapidly.Mrs. Albert H. Morhead and son,Albert Morehead, Jr., formerly ofParis have returned to Lexingtonfrom a visit to Mrs. Morehead'smother, Mrs. Noa, in Chattanooga,Tenn., where they spent the summer.James Morehead will leave to-morrowto resume his studies at St.Mary's College.Winchester Sun: "Miss MarieWarren Beckner and Miss ElizabethVanMeJer left Friday for a camp atIdlewild, on the Kentucky River.Other members of the party are MtesMartha Talbott, of Paris, ElizabethPilcher, of Louisville, Messrs. JackLair, Bill Rogers and WJalter Kenney, Jr., of Paris, Mrs. Walter Kenney, of Paris, will chaperone theparty."Mrs. Raymond McMillan gave areception Friday afternoon at herhome on Seventh street, between thehours of two and six "o'clock. In thereceiving line were the hostess, Mrs.Raymond McMillan, Mrs. Charles McMillan, a recent bride, and Mrs. RoyBatterton. The home was beautifully jdecorated with garden flowers. Mrs.Edward Prichard and Mrs. WithersDavis, Mrs. George WJilliams Clay,Mrs. M. H. Dailey, Mrs. Waller Dalbyand Miss Nell Crutcher. Ices, cakes, !mints and nuts were served. Aboutthirty-five guests were present forthe occasion.Miss Mildred CQllier is entertaining a house party composed itthe following college friends: MissesSadie Wfeaver, of Stanford,- IsabellaKnight, of Sharpsburg; Harriet, Sallaand Marion Barnett, of Lexington.Several social functions have beengiven by Miss Collier in their honor.On Thursday she gave a dining atwhich, besides the honor guests, thefollowing were present: Misses Eli-Lzabeth and Lilly Henry; Messrs. A.t. Kice, -jr., Maurice Clark, HubertSledd, John Turner .and JfcaymondTurner Uim Collier eiterUinedIt's a long, longtrail betweenhome and schooland back home again.Much playingalong the line.Much wear and tearon clothes.We have speciallyreinforced suits tostand that strain.Suits that are strongin fabric, in seamsand at allpossible points.From Four toSeventeen and from$7.50 to $9.50.4ltfFlltVm Vmr .Ijbj&& " IIf it comesfrom Dacvis.it is ridht.i.&rrjf!V-X ..COLUMN$85NO. E, 2.00ZxUnquestionably this is the best machine in the worldto-day for the money. Complete in all respects. Straighttone arm, non-set automatic stop and all the principlefeatures of the higher priced machines.They will be Higher' ' Get Yours To-dayHear the New Columbia RecordsTHE J. T. HINTON COEITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingB$t: 'X,j -F01V, TrX. .t. JttTHE BOURBON MOTS, PAWS, KftNTUCUTU5DAT, SBPTBMMR f, ll'.V0-OPEBATIVE TOBACCO MAKKETIKG ASSOCIATION(Continued From Page 1)William Meteer,J. B. WoodJoe Turner )Geo. WassonJ. J. Banta & Son,. Virgil HarneyEstill WilsonHansford JanuaryH. V. Gravesrl-is1H. E. SoperJoe Botts j ' :H. H. LowryJolm RourkW. Troup ClarkeA.B. HazelriggJ. S. LeggettBishop & MorganA. A. CraycraftHarvey WilsonR. M. HedgesClay ReedEd. HallW. B. CrouchW. B. TerrellN. F. Collier '"!Jessie RitchieJennie Cummins,W. E. EarlywineJoe E. CaldwellJ. T. WilsonC. E. Guthrie & SonsJ. W. Earnest LeggettW. B. Calvert & SonTilford Hinkle & SonOthie GutherieOllie GuthrieGeo. KokendofferAugusta WilsonJ. F. WassonW. B. WassonEverett T. CrouchR. H. Boardman & SonsB. S. UtterbackJ. B. JleidSam HinkleHays HallJames TooheyH. D. LeachAlbert RansdallFrank RansdallClaude Ransdall ' .E. Foley MarrsJ. R. Price 'T. A. WilliamsSam BramelW. S. BramelHarlen RoeRay FaulconerLee MorrisonGeo. MitchellCurrent CunninghamH. A. RankinGeo. ViceW. E. CookMrs. Chas. A. SnyderJack LetcherW. P. ThomasF. F. BurrisThos. McClain & SonsMrs. Maude FlandersJohn W. WellsAllie StewartJim PuckettCap CarterB. BatesW. C. Laughlin , ,S.J. LaughlinGeo. HamiltonAllie Wilson ' 'Tom 'Butler'"'J.?'s-rUf,FT J?Daniel GaitsMHT. B. MarvinSandy T. ButlerC. H. MengO. F. Atchison '.Mrs. Horace S. BaconWilliam McCray & SonGardner Clark , vW. M. Jones ."J. D. Dud HenryRalph MenifeeR. H. ButlerW. W. GayN. B. WilevA. H. OldsonS. S. OldsonW. M. EdwardsBruce WilloughbyC E. Talbott & R. C.Wtss & SonsAlbert DellaneyCarrie M. Clark, C. A. BarlowJ. W. DawsonJas. F. Pridejnore .H. W. WhalenCharlie GinnJessie JamesG. C. Watkins .J. L. Reffett 's'. 'Ike HowardFrank CurrentJos WellsAmanda Crockrell 'Archie Gunn fJohn HerringtonTom HollandG. H. CurrentJames Current jErnest RitchieW. R. CleaverWillie WigginsCalvin JonesJas. Carroll BryanClifford McClainE. T. & J. W. CaseJno P. Maher - "R. M. GilkeyR. L. WilsonArthur Carter " ' ,Carlton Wells T "' 'C. W. McDanielPete BerrimanWill Wockman ,Will ShepherdMilton Carter 'Geo E. ButlerClaude MackDallas StuartJ. C. CraycraftI. H. MyersJas. W. ArnoldW- H. PiperJohn JohnsonjPlease SmithU. W. FletcherPowell BosworthJonathan BurrisJ. W. HarneyDavid R. KimbroughCharles B. CoxD. S. Allen. f -W. K. DudleyJ. Newton DunawayR. S. GrinnellP. T. Derrick & SonT. C. Smith1. B. GroseGo. Link rJfcllR08B 'E7E. WoodM Broadiw ,. . ,2. JT. Jacoby "0- jTWilliam CraycraftLloyd HolladayBob GrayM. R. JacobyT. S. McCordCordelia OffuttJohn S. WigginsL. N. WesselmanHomer MaybrierRobert E. PridemoreJohn PridemoreHomer MarshallSam GentryIsaac S. WilmottC. B. Ecton, Jr.J. B. CaywoodAnna Lee W. ClayLucien PerkinsE. C. ReedGeorge Morgan & SonJ. T. McCann & SonsJ. W. ConnellRobert SosbyRobert LanterBruce FrederickEdsell ClarkRoyce R. TaylorJ. H. Morton ;J. H. HuffakerS. Christopher1Leslie BreezeLindsey HoughHarlin DerricksonThomas ColumbiaEd. Owsley, Jr.Walter CurtisLink BrothersHenry LinkW. HarneyGeorge PierceClaud LinvilleMr. Geo. Wyatt, Jr.J. W. WagonerE. F. RankinSam EwaltJessie LanterE. F. PoeStewart ShropshireGeo. McCloud"B. N. ShropshireNoah LykinRoss ConradJames BillsJohn CropperWill DuncanB. G. SparksR. C. HarrisS. R. DeBellElbridge CookArthur ArgoJ. S.' GarrisonRobert ParkerLe'n ToomeyAnnas McKenziePerry ViceWilliam WilsonThomas Mitchell vParker ThomasElmer LinvilleW. G. SuggJake T. SpeaksJames H. FisherWilliam TaylorL. L. WilsonBen ArderyFayette ArderyS. S. Ardery, Jr.J. B. ArderyGeo. ArderyW. B. RitchieJ. W. BockwellC. B. Pryor & SonHomer RitchieNathan SmithJames ThompsonR. G. BreezeJ. W. SmithLess GardnerErnest ThompsonRobert B. BramelF. W. McKinneyJ. B. TaylorJ. T. KentonDavid PatrickGarnett WilliamJ. M. CarterRedmon TalbottJohn WelshJ. A. WelchT. J. HarneyJohn N. ShropshireJoseph LewisSherman LewsOscar CurrentFrank P. KiserC. T. AbbottJ. H. BellE. J. CaswellE. H. BlakeH. S. RitchieD. B. SalyerO. C. GayW. T. BradyJ. W. ThompsonN. W. StraudeFred Robersonliti ',&; ?A. L. HannaPruitt SmithE. C. WassonCharlie HallLee R. YaberCharlie RourkR. E. LettonJohn P. HaramJohn HeflinJ. A McConnaughhhayW. T. HamiltonJule BerryM;S. T. SleddThomas HodgeH. L. SmithJoseph SparksMarion CliffordD. J. HerringtonH. U. ShropshireJ. W. CliffordT. T. LeachHenry ThomasC. H. FergusonCooper FrymanGeo. OsborneEli CampbellSam StoneL, L. HarneyC. W. CaywoodJoe KelleyFrank JohnsonHarvey JohnsonFrank MitchellN. H. LyleWill SmithJohn LaulBuford CurtisR. H. TaulGeo. ReedJossie BoardmanDavis PatrickCalvert MengM. E. RashJ. H. Edge RashLetch BannisterRbert Hopkinst vi:"2CfSit(1 -Mi ,XT'- ""',1i'AB. M. JonesRichard GreenChas. E. MontgomeryCash HarneyAnderson Butler,T. H. ReidRobert McClanahan.R. F. CollierLawrence ThomasWhite & Reed,UW. B. HaleyDouglass Thomas ' ,'Roy G. Batter tonJack RtcheJ. W. Sparks & SonMurphy FrymanW. F. TalbottB. F. Hopkins " ". 1D. D. Wilson 'Roy Green & SonSam GreeneW. A. ThomasonTea, Shea & Dose CumminsEliza DouglassT. B. RoseC. R. & F. ,P. WhiteW. B. InskoW. M. LaycockM. D. MastmA. P. Adair4Innes Jordan ' "Harold W. Knell . ;Mrs. Mary K. TarrYWilliam ReffetLee Roe .VsM.--!Andrew ReffeJ. A. Wagner V. ; J -yJX. IMeinertz & Harper -G. C. Blankenship "t' tJames F.Wood J " TW. W. McCauley " -James FlorenceDave ' GanesMark MattoxWilliam McCleessei. iJiIvan.C. Soper IFlyod Cummins ' v k' '' 'I. C. Haley - J " 'VJ. R. CrimesB. A. Batterton . : k ,Alonzo Ginn " '. ,1 . .,rCharles Monson , "'ir t -a,T-.i " ' .c 'k a" )J. M. KennedyB. J. BivensW. T. BryanB. Duke FrederickS. M. Fisher & SonOnley RoeHayden LyonsJoe W. WylesWilhTir Crmrm ' ' 'vt -R. H. Biddle Jr.Davis JeffersonJim SmithDudley LeachW. M. HarneyCharles BramelMason White " . ! , '. 'Cal Whalen ' ,, ",Louis Graves ' . ,William Brophy ' -R. Plunkett .-?-'C. A. Argo ,Sam WhalenMrs. Mary Harris ClayWillis FieldsJohn H. Marr,J. L. Leach, , i,'Robt. H. Ferguson,J. N. Kendall, . 'B. C. Chinn,Banks Myers,Bennett Taylor,John Dennis,.L. S. Hinkson,Henry Thomas, " t ' -4M. C. Wells, " . 'W. H. Earlywine, ,,Adair Bros.,Albert Crooks,Mrs. T. H. Clay, Jr.,J. M. Alverson,G. W. Carter,Lindsey Stewart, . ., . fJohn L. Thompson,Cleve Wagoner, :W. H. Earlywine,Geo. R. Stoker, .' .Hitch Brothers,W. B. Claypool,R. L. Tarr, 'Fred Garrison & Son,Elva Wagoner, f , '"Sam Wagoner, -LewisBrannock, iJames F. Dalzel,Berry Mann,Ed. Mitchell, . .; ;Tom Wagoner, ' ( -'Reynolds Letton, ' r'Aquilla Hughes,H. W. Purdy, . ; IClarence Courtney, vRuss Hickman, " .J. D. Florence,J. 0. Fogle,Calvert Shaw,Ed. Shaw,Tom Farris,Wm. Wright, ;' .Wallace M. Thorn, . " ;J. A. Butler,Marsh Bailey,John T. Collins, ' T v ' ,D. E. Clarke,J. G. Redmon, ' "J. Miller Ward, . JJ. P. Redmon,James McClure,W. F. Saunders,I. N. Keller & Son,Walter S. Meng, ' ".; ",John M. Clay,Sam L. Weathers, JJ. W. Bell, - jA. B. Hancock,Luther K. Rice,John Woodford, 'JW. B. Kiser,William Collins,Carlton Ball, " ' ' . ' lC. R. White, N . ' .Buckner Woodford,Samuel Clay, " s.'A. L. Stenhenson, " r"O. W. Wartin, "J. F: Wetherall.E. M. Gaunce" "Burke & Brent, ' : ? -J.ohnM. Brennan, 'Roy C. Galloway, ' " ?N. Ford Brent, " 7Ben Woodford, Sr., ' " " 'Aylette Buckner, V ' " 'Dalzell Brothers, " " ' 'J. H. Thompson, ' ' ' -J. R. Letton, "' " r "V. W. Ferguson,C. H. Dalzell, " 'Grant Galloway, " " "'James M. Caldwell,D. C. Parrish & Co., r'Matt Lair, ' rJCharlton Clay, "tJas. L. and V. K. Dodfe. ""..J. J. Haggard, VJ. D. White, , -JamesElliott, ;;.,, vC. M. Plummer, ' -'J.B.Ellis, , '",'Jimea SariiAr -rB. W. Wilson,-r- IChas. WebberA. E. SmithR. L. WilsonJames H. Medlen ,A. L. Balser ' jHoard Perkins 1Robt. C. BerryPhil. LeeJohn OsborneForrest Day ' -,Ed. Frank ' ,"'J. T. Carmichail 'Tliomas Wheeler ' -J. T. Robbins . jG. S. Allen ; JLucius MorelandJ. S. KennedyT. L. MarshallMrs. Sallie B. HedgesH. M. WagonerHam Bros.Joe RedmonJ. K. HoustonT.3L MasonW. 8. Ardery and SitterJ. H. BarnesWill MattoxChas. B. LaysonThos. B. EcklarJ. F. CleaverH. E. Crump ' ,'Lewis Coumines ' . . -KelleyHaley, T"Willard Riggs,Walter Tate,Henry Tooney, -.David Allen, ;Clarence Derrickson,Robt. Parker,W. C. Endicott,Emma S. Reynolds,Willis Ham,Brutus & Buckner Clay,Miss Elizabeth Grimes,Virgil Chapman,S. M. Pate,Will Tobin,Chas. H. Kuster, t ,J. H. & E. C. Holt. 1 ',Guy Bills, ", 'J. G. Roeers, ft. iAh.H. M. Roseberry,Jas. H. January,W. H. Whitley,T. M. Buckner,Wm. Ryan,Chas. Stewart,James Clay,Tollie Young,Conner Fletcher,Silas Mattox,J. C. Kenney,Roscoe Carmichael,Mo ores Brothers,Allen Gaines,Clarence Burden,M. T. Crump,James B. Duncan,W. W. Berry,E. C. Boots,Geo. Sanders,Harry Long & Son,Kiser Harney,John S. Berry,D. A. Griggs,Jos. M. Hall,M. H. Dailey,W. T. Buckner.T. A. Collier,J. E. Vermillion,C. T. Hillock,H. R. Earlywine,Ashby Leer,Julia Purdy,H. H. Dalzell,Arthur Moreland,J. W. Johnson,A. T. Moffett,Burroughs Bros.,Alek Miller,E. (P. Wagoner,W. D. Mclntyre,H. S. Caywood,Frank Caldwell,W. M. Blake,W. E. Revell,J. T. Jefferson,Alvin Hicks,D. P. Hume,T. H. Hutson,Geo. Shealds,Albert Ammerman,J. W. Doty,G. H. Tate,S. B. Taylor,i. -E. A. Fisher, ;John Langfelds, 'Alfred Biddle,Alex Hutson,Cornelius McKane, 'T. W. Napier, 'J. W. Johnson, ,S. A. Witt,Will Hash,Collins Sisters, '. "L. R. Henry, ' rB. F. Sledd, 'Grant Golson,Ray Cunningham,Mason Beasley & Son,J. iVI. McDonald,Cassius M. Clay,M. F. Featherston, Jr.Henry May,T. J. Wright,Robt. White, ;Withers Bros., 'J. S. Shannon, - rRitchie Bros.,Allison Barlow,J. 0. Williams,Wm. E. Clarke,Catesby Woodford, Jr.,J. Brooks Clay,Gano Hildreth,T. H. Gaitskill, xAlfred Clay,Geo. W. Brammel,M. Hume Payne,Catesby Woodford, Sr.,W. H. McMillan & Co.James Wells,John Wells,Lenoard Mitchell,John Toomy,Will Hubbard,C. C. Hadden,A. J. Case,Tom Fuller,Nelson GillisDie.... ''J. W. Young & Son,Arthur King,:$S. F. Prather,Smith & Dickson,Tom Stewart,E. F. Simms,H. B. Pence,W. S. Haggard,W. S. Bishop,T. H. Lee,Chas. M. Boardman,Henry Boardman,W. R. Tuttle,J. C. McDaniel,J. W. Young, Jr.,J. S. Talbott,John Riddle,Jas. B. Johnson,"Oecar Henry,Henry A. Taul,J. Anderson Huttell,E..F. Spears 4b Sons,Cateaby W. Spa,?--. yrj,TARGood For OutbuildingsFences, Etc.. Almost as cheap as whitewash, lasts.four times as long, besides it preservesthe wood. Good for any kind of roof.Sold in barrel lots.GeorgetownWater,Gas,EIectric&PowerCo.(Incorporated.)(23-6t) Georgetown, Ky;THE NEW BUICK "FOUR"Now On Exhibition On Our FloorsDemonstration FreeIt's easy to shift gears on a Buick. rA slight movement of the handshifts Buick gears, and withoutnoise.That's why thousands of ownersprefer Buick for city driving.Come in, see the 1922 Buickmodels, and let us demonstrateto you the use of Buick shift control. No others compare.PRICES22-4-34 $ 97522-4-35 93522-4-36 147522-4-37 r. 1650All Prices F. 0. B. Flint, MichiganCord Tires Standard Equipment on All ModelsSee Ts For Specifications and Delivery Dates .j C $ Ball Garage IPourth andWhen Better Automobiles are':Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors'ATelephone No.' 4y.y.y.x:Xrtr-iiMBS crSfWE V- .fpzMFik Wmswimm ' &zgjflnr v j ism-:..)mn r fxJ i. -r-saJBtV Alr5rV?erSWThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyJEygMm:.C. N. Peddicord,H. C. Graves,C. V. Higgins,George A. Keller,Henry E. Ingels,Carl Ingels,W. S. Thomas,Dudley Planch, r 'Forest Letton,W. H. Rhoner,Slkini Smith,C. M. Tortyth, "- f .(ContUuti oa Pa 7)Pleasant StreetsBuilt Buick Will Build ThemIXiWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONt rmvir riiTn n; iTrnjtirrvfMM". UUR YVAlUnWIIKIlI' '"'1 With all the latPSt. imnrnvo.f ments in laundry appliancesT and expert helpers we areM rior t0 none, and solicity your patronage.mmj, --XEXiCAH4L BROSBAEBEE SHOP4 WHITE BAHBERS 4TXoderm EqnipmtmtXxpert umI Pitt fezfteHOT JJTO GOLD BAIHIiIIIf1.r".TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER' , If It.THE BOUBBON NCTB, PiJtg, IJW'l'UaHw9fitfcO-OPERATlVE TOBACCO MAKKETDTG ASSOCIATION(Continued from Page 6)jaa. T. Jefferson,J. B. Peterson,Mamie E. Brown, 'W. D. Wagoner,Cal. Furman,Forrest Cromble, f '-Dan Darnell, -i '.Claude Tobin,Arthur Hendricks,Jas. W. Lail,E. L. Rail, ' ; "5C. C. LaRue, . ,Ed. McCarty, . ' u, Marston Bros.,W. W. Hall,, Jesse E. Galloway,J. W. Estes,D. B. Smart,Avery Smart,. D. T. McCracken,. Jas. Everett Hopkins,R. S. Burris,R. H. Burris, '3.F. Dalzell, 'T. A. Cook, : 'B. W. Rash,H. G. Young,J. C. Bryan & Son,John J. Redmon & Son,John W. Jones,Charles C. Clarke,Robt. Jones, ,.W. M. Rogers,Boone "Williams,"Will Honican,R. Steele,Kiser Harney, j ' ' 'Gunice Minkson,Dan Lail,Thos, Tobin, Sr.,H. S. Weathers,Jos. M. Hall, 'S. P. Harding,John Harris Clay,Horton Bills,Wash January,W. S. Marsh,W. J. Barr,Walter Kenney.Frazier Van Hook,L. R. Craven, "T. L. & W. G. Fleming,Albert Martim, ' ' ;G. M. Baker,C. M. Medlen,-W. F. Cain,' M. C. Williams,Charlie Duncan,Sam Ishmael & Son,G. K. Jones, " ' " "Jeff Galliher,Robert Galliher,Leslie Wheeler,W. E. Dunham,Walter Waugh,IMPORTANT STAKESOf the Annual Fall Meeting atLATONIA(Convenient to Cincinnati)Sept. 3rd to Oct. 8thLatonia Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-olds andupward, onemile and sixteenth, Saturday, September 3.Autumn Handicap, S5,000 added, for 3-year-oldandupward, six furlongs, Monday, September 5.Covington Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year oldsand upward, one mile and three-sixteenths, Saturday,September 10.Fort Thomas Handicap, $5,000 added, 2-year-olds, sixfurlongs, Saturday, September 17.Latonia Championship Stakes, $15,000 added, for 3-year-olds,one mile and three-quarters, Saturday, September 17.Twin City Handicap, $5,000 added, for 3-year-oldsand upward, one mile and five furlongs, Saturday, September 24.Queen City Handicap, $10,000 addled, for 2-year-olds,one mile, Saturday, October 1.Latonia Cup, $7,500 added, for 3-year-olds and upward, two miles and a quarter, Saturday, October 8.These rich fixtures and a correspondingly liberal policy throughout mark a season of racing, planned in theinterests of horsemen and public alike. The Fall Meeting at Latonia has attracted the best horses in training.Any day's program will be worth traveling miles to see.KENTUCKY JOCKEY CLUBINCORPORATEDLATONIA, KY., COURSEPoultry and CalvesEstablished 1886.If You Ship By Truck Insist Ob Delivery To Us.Simmons3 to 7 W. Water St.5TWT4Levi Allen,Tilford Bannister,Louie Grimey,Chas. Columbia,Sam Houston,James Hatfield,Lucas Brothers.B. H. Biddle, Sr.,Hopkins Brothers,Irvin Mitchell,Geo. Boaz,Ed Reed,Al Summers,Ed Jackson,Willis Allen,Samuel T. Wiggins,C. E. Henry,Wesley Florence,E. G. Wells,J. T. Kiser & Sons,4T7l-JU.J aiL, i..'Chas. Fitzpatnck,J. J. Prather & Sons,Ellis Garrison &-Son, JS. K. Nichols,C. 0. Thomas, t, JJohn Thomas, .i'Woodford Brothers,Ira Haley, t JH. L. Baldwin,O. L. Davis,Boughner & Hash,H. C. Gaitskill, Jr.Geo. Clayton, Jr.,Mrs. Amne Prichard Brown,L. C. Paynter,J. M. Layton,J. S. Banta,Ira Galliher,Clark Walls,J. Elmer Boardman,Woodford Buckner,D. K. Wagoner,J. F. Wasson,Walter Mastln,E. H. Thompson,Orie Mastin,Harry Keene,C. R. Walls & Son,Willie Clough,Ollie Farrow,Clarence, Darnall,H. P. Brammel,Please Stamps. ,F. P. Stoker,Robt. Harbeson,Homer Garrison,John Sauer,John Tylor,Henry Napier,James Mastin,John M. Lair,W. T. Redmon,R. L. Collins,John Parrish,Theo. Carter,. Pete Alexander,F. W. Bishop,Louis M. Taylor,Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.ft.;m.ty4You have had all the hard workand worry raising your poultryand calves and you should getall you can for them.You make all the In-between agent's orbuyer's profit by shipping direct to Simmons & Norris you get highest prices,accurate weights, prompt remittances.Ship Poultry any day Calves any daybut Saturday. Write for tags and coops.& NorrisCINCINNATIWilliam Downey,Charley A. Berry,J. B. Hunter,Geo. Columbia, jOliver Reyell,John A. Smith,J. B. Crump,L. B. Earlywine,J. W. Liver,Wilfred Doyle,William T. Prather,W. L. Brannock & Sons,Mrs. Wm. Tarr,Courtland Leer,Rupert Slade,Robert Meteer,R. P. Hopkins,John M. Donnell,Arthur M. Harney,Geo. Jones,King Redmon,R. C. Jones,R. P. Redmon,W. G. McClintock,C. S. Ball,Prank Clay,W. F. Conway,J. C. Puller,T. J. Judy,T. J. Craft,Yancey Laughlin,A. G. Jones,Branch Boardman,Wilburn Mattox,V. H. Gaitskill,W. P. Wornall,Jas. L. Robinson, 5Esse Henry,uy'r .': 3V"-i. iClaude Whie,Will White,John A. Gilkey,Charlie Robinson,Floyd Mattox,Clarence T. Mingua,Jas. B. Woodford,Frank Collins,E. F. Prichard,W. W. Kenney,J. W. Markland,Wiley Bradburn,Jno. M. Williams,Hinton Brothers,Rube Letton,James Laughlin,J. B. Ryan & McCord,Thos. H. Butler,Clifford Carter,Emmett Crump,Carl Hughes,Tom Drennan, 'T. J. Redmon,Wm. Carmichael,J. E. Stone & Son,C. T. Whaley,Grover Layton,John Willoughby,Beverly Willis,R. B. Tate,Thomas Mitchell,Jesse Booth,Henry Judy, rJohn Toohey,Toohey Bros.,Hugh Ferguson,W. K. Ferguson,Dudley Blake,Julian Frank,John Cameron & Son,A. P. Thomason,Jonas Weil,J. F. Barns,C. A. Clump,J. P. Sullivan,Wm. Feeback,W. N. Rose,D. B. Patton,Cleve Jones,B. C. Ritchie,Bert Fryman,Wesley Franklin, .Russell D. Crouch,John E. Adams,Wm. Overby,Lafe Ardery,R. A. Mitchell,J. T. Ingels,Arthur Linville,V? 4'$f'ti1 t J -v-a' ls.i j.JfiE FATALWhen Will Paris People Learn theImportance of It?Back ache is only a simple thing atfirst;But if you find 'tis from the kidneys; That serious kidney troubles mayfollow;That dropsey or Bright's diseasemay be the fatal endYou will be gladto know the following experience.'Tis the statement of a Paris citizen. "Mrs. A. T. Alexander, 720 Vinestreet, says: "A few years ago I hadan attack of kidney trouble and fora time I was unable to do my housework because of the severe painsacross the center of my back. Manya night I couldn't get a wink ofsleep on account of the misery in.my back. My feet and ankles wouldswell so badly that I would have towear large bedroom slippers. I hadpains in the top and through theback of my head, too. As soon as I'began using Doan's Kidney Pills Igot relief and I am pleased to recommend thenf."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tl-simply ask for a kidney remedy gotDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Alexander had. Foster-MJI-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oA Kick as Visitor 'Enters.That a sense of humor is not altogether quenched by the humdrum ofwork in a government office is evidenced by a placard which appears onthe door of a department of the pension ministry in London. It reads:"Everyone closes our door1 exceptyou."iodine Stains.To remove iodine stains, put someold cloth in a pan and light it, lettingit smolder. Hold the stain In thesmudge. The stain will gradually disappear. Watsh the material in coldwater.Optimism doesn't mean anythingunless it is tempered with' judgment.MAP Vour'cnecfcsSafcauarded, toorMour Bank we use every known method for protection ofour depositors. We have adopted theProtectuCheckSys'tern for the benefit of our depositors so that the amountof their checks may be safeguarded against being "raised"should they be lost, stolen, or fall into dishonest hands.r With the Protectu Check System, you can write yourcheck for a given amount and by a cutter attached to thecover, you can then tear off the check at the desiredamount like a money order. No check raiser can thenraise your check for five to five hundred or ten to onehundred dollars.These new Protectu Checks are supplied to all ourdepositors with checking accounts without costIf you are considering opening a checking account, callat our bank and see this improved service that we arefurnishing our patrons.SPECIAL SIZE CHECK BOOKS FOR BUSINESS USB EOUAUXPRACTICAL FOR POCKET DESK, AND PAY ROLL V9Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.CORNSLift Off with FingersDoesn't hurttie "Freezone"a bit! Drop a liton an aching corn,Instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard con, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe cnPuses, without soreness or irritaticr (ad IRENAMES B0AKD OP ELECTIONCOMMISSIONERSAt Frankfort, "Wednesday, theState Board of Election Commissioners held a meeting and completed thetask of making out certificates ofnomination, and named the CountyBoards of Election Commissioners.No change was made in Bourboncounty, the present Board composedof Judge Denis Dundon, Democrat,and M. C. Jacoby, Republican, holding over.Judge A. T. Patrick was award!the Republican nomination for Circuit Judge in the Thirty-first district, composed of Knox and Floydcounties. C. B. Wheeler, his opponent, defeated by seven votes on thereturns, said he would contest. JudgePatrick, who was entered in bothprimaries, has filed a contest for theDemocratic nomination against W.W. Williams.Extensive Canadian Province.An area equal to three times thearea of France, which is 215,895square miles, could be cut out of theprovince of Quebec and there wouldregain an area twice that of Hun-gary.J h''yI htJj grS IIIWm&- i rf If HiWE PAY 3 PER CENT ONSAVINGS ACCOUNTSRliiillllTTTTTiiiliii.irTT i.MniTT.iiinii. !j.ffi ' MTHE studious caregiven by us infollowing our clients'instructions is certainto result in arrangements in harmonywith the desires ofthose who employ us.r"""""" " iiiiiiiiniiim nuiiuXOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADANNOUNCES ROUND TRIPEXCURSION FARE$5,85 SfSS? Paris To -LOUISVILLEACCOUNTKentucky State FairTickets on sale Sept. 10 to 16, inclusive and for traiiiischeduled to arrive in Louisville before noon Sept. 17th:Tickets good for return to reach Paris before midniffhtSept. 19th. 4For further or detailed information, apply to local tickttagent.Patronize. BoarbonH4Ufl!l:m P'ctihdQ Icoeiftjtftmg(Possibleto ProtectourZkposftomI1NWbrertmrt.: 'jv;'tJi" aT5"-,"- .f t-,BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KTOTnJCKT'TDX8DAT, SBPTXMBES , 1MX,1-t. jf-IVTIsa TWavv 1lTn"nTriol "has rAiirn-Vi.;t-sed .from a visit in Cynthiana. I!MILLERSBURGMr. J. "FT. RiirroiiErhs -was a vis-itor in Cincinnati the nast week. Ime .Baptist .Booster ounaay iSchool class met on the lawn, of Dr-Miss Caroline Mclntyre is visit-Mrs. J. W. Slater has returnediag:relatives in Lexington.from a visit to her daughter, m Tennessee.7:00 to 1 0:30PACK EIGHT. in "Jl. "', 'V -u. r- -"- l ' - I ,.. ssssssssssssmm mI Mmmi 1' MmMx Mmm mmk. m Pi BBk Ak H FI MW H MW Hk 'MWUm MW k SSSSmmmmmmmSmmmmmmmSm MmM mtt H H Mmml mmmm. B H. AI MW Bm. H '' mmmmmJKLJDmiLJmJmBLJDM BM m WW UaaHMMBMaaiH M mmt aHM.W ( TMEATHtL AIMIJI mmmlUHEKA nUUdE A I '-I AHHHI 1 iHI I m SSIZSSSSSISISSSSi"""' . H m L gl I H m .Kmm mm, mmmmmmmmm mm Wm, H Bi MaBBHMMKBiiMMv HIH mm VB mm VB H B mmWmmrnjl 2:00 to 5;30"VUTfc Afth Vnimtr is -wifh TVTr.-?.wI ArMvV It rs.. a::iZijVBX '' -r1v-. ..xffiS?BUY YOURSchool SuitsFrom U and You WillBe Prepared.Boys' School Suith OnePair Pants, all colors andstyles$6.00 to $20.00Two-Pant Suits$12.50 and $15Boys' Knee Pants$1.00 and upPrice & Co.Clothiersand FurnishersiFARMERSTRADERSBANKPARIS, KY,It fan Business Jan. 3, 1916Mahala Becraft, of Carlisle, who is!Bcnuuoij in.Mr. and Mrs. J. WH Hill willmove this week to the fiat of Mrs. A.T. Toadvme.TVHco "mii'rn'hPt'h. fa.rt.fir. of XiOU-ifiville. has returned home after avisit with relatives here.E. Clarke, Friday and entertainedthe Women's Bible class. A watermelon feast was enjoyed.Mrs. Henry Patterson has returned from a visit with her daughter, Mrs. A. G. Cox, in Indiana.Miss Martha Clarke, of Shelbyville, has returned home after a visitwith her aunt, Mrs. W. G-. Leer.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Brown, ofCynthiana, visited the latter's mother, Mrs. Henry Patterson, Sunday.-Mm Wm "Bedford and mother,; Mrs. , Rebecca Collier, of Lexington,visited Mrs. u. a. smuu iue vq.week.Mr. and Mrs. 0. E. Hurst werecalled to Chicago on account of thedeath of Mr. Brown, cousin of Mrs.Dr. J. D. Calhoun has returnedfrom Ringo, Ga., where he was called on account of the death of hisfatherMr. and Mrs. 0. L. Potts havew nme at tlifi Millersburg High, School and will have charge of the1nr mi t.nrv.FOR 'SALE. A No. 1 goodpiano, in good condition. Call HomePhone 14, or inquire at postoffice,Millersburg.Mrs4 S. E. Bruce left yesterdayfnr visit with her daughter, Mrs.J Roy Pope, of Ashland.I Mrs. JMiiurea r. cuuvj -turned from an extended visi withrelatives in Oklahoma City.I Mrs. Mattie Hawes and sons,'James and Albert, and Mr. Ernest: Butler, of Covington, are visitingrelatives here.BORN. To the wife of Mr. Jas.Dowden, of Eminence, a son. Mrs.Dowden was formerly Miss AliceMr. Tonie Zoellers and familywill move this week to their residence on Vimont street, recentlypurchased of C. C. unansiui.: Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught havereturned to their home in Indianapolis, accompanied by the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy.Mrs C. M. Best, Miss ElizabethMiller and Miss Julia Howe joined" the party from Frankfort on an excursion on the Kentucky River lastWe!Miss Elizabeth Rice, former' teacher in the Carlisle City Schools,has been re-elected teacher in thenew Millersburg County High School,which opened yesterday for the falland winter term.NOTICE TO THE LADIES Ihave on hand a line of crochet andembroidery flosses, all sizes and col-iors, also stamped goods. Am prepared to do any Kina oi suuinyiu.iYour patronage solicited,j MRS. J. B. CRAY.The Millersburg High Schoolopened yesterday. Millersburg College will open September 15, and M.M. I. September 20. The outlookfor all the schools are very promising and we hope to see them allfilled.TO-DAY k iriill V IIF f IV" With MAE MURRAYTuesday IIJULO UF LLA I and DAVID POWELL,A PARAMOUNT PICTUREThe man had worshipped a beautful woman. Had laid all-his love and hopes at her feet. Only to find her a cold and killing mockery. The girl had worshipped her father. Thought him a saintly benefactor of men. Only to find him a murderousrogue. So here life had tumbled them broken, hopeless, abandoned a little more clay in a mire of an underworld dive. Butthe clay was warm with youth, and in it a glimmer of old, fine dreams. A screen romance like nothing ever shown before.Athrob with stirring events. Alluring in its beauty. Warm with the beat of hungry human heart.Also June Caprice and George B. Seitz in "The Sky Ranger." and Path? NewsTomorrow, Wednesday"The Passionate Pilgrim"A PARAMOUNT PICTUREA Cosmopolitan Production from thePopular Story by Samuel MerwinThe tale of a man who came out of a past that was dead andfought for a cause he held more dear than life. A romance ofmystery, love and newspaper politics. ."With Rubye de Remer,Matt Moore, Claire Whitney and Charles Gerard. -Also Larry Semon in a New Self-Raising Uproar ofFun, "The Bakery," and Topics of the Day7Thursday, September 8thBeauReveFA&7'TH0S. H. INCE iiPresents...Featuring Florence VidorThe adventures a man who had a way with women. Revealing some secrets of New York's elite and sparkling withlure and luxury.Played by a brilliant cast, including Lloyd Hughes andLewis Stone.A Thos. H. Ince Special by Louis Joseph Vance?In Addition "Velvet Fingers" and Pathe NewsADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cMATRIMONIAL.CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00r " "OFFICERS"3?rank P. Kiser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. "VSf. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTMCBILLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)oWjives making income tax returnsseparate from their husbands in1919 numbered 58,534.Dr. Mack Brooks, of Paris, brotherof Dr. W. T. Brooks, appointed to position in the Medical Department ofthe United States Navy, and assigned to duty on one of the warships.oIn England a woman must be 30years of age before she is permittedto vote.1Miss Irene BramblettCLASSES INEXPRESSIONf ?Miss JSramblett Will Give Lessons in Expression- at theA-:w'PARIS CITY SCHOOLDuring The1921-1922 TERMI S ber at once at her home, 221 Fithian Avenue,n -White's Addition, or at theJScbool Building ?beginning Tuetdajr, September Hh 'a Tnnrriflfffi license was issuedSaturday from County Clerk PearcePaton's office to Wm. x. Moreiann,21, of Paris, and Miss Sallie Arnold,17, of Lair.SCOTT DOWNING-r-Enos Downing, 22, son of Mr.and Mrs. Fred Downing, of Escondida, Bourbon county, and MissFrances Scott, 22, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Lee Scott, of Nicholasville,secured a marriage license in Paris,Saturday, and were married at thehome of the officiating minister,Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor of the ParisMethodist church. Mr. Downing isan employe of the Louisville & Nashville, at this point.SHAT JUDSONMiss Sylvia Shaw and Mr. ClayJudson, both of Lexington, were marviort rpnant.lv in Chicago. Only afew friends were present for the ceremony and the wedding supper whichfollowed. . ,Mr. Judson is a son of Col. anaMrs. Wm. V. Judson, ana a giuuuson of Mrs. Sidney Clay, formerly ofBourbon county. He is an attorney.After a wedding trip, which is expected to take in Lexington, Mr. andMrs. Judson will return to Chicagoto reside.BARR CLAYMiss Florence Barr, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. A. J. Barr, of Carlisle,and Luther Clay; son of Mrs. AliceClay, of Miranda, Nicholas county,were married in Mt. Sterling lyHev.R C. Goldsmith, former pastor of theParis Baptist church. The bride hasfor the past three years been linotype operator on the Carlisle Mer;cury and has frequently visitedMends in Paris. Mr. Clay is a prosperous young farmer.HOTZE-BREEZEThe Maysville Bulletin has thefollowing matrimonial note of interest to many Taris people:"Miss Florence Hotze and Mr. Madison L. Breeze were pawled to tluacity, at the parsonage of the ThirdStreet M. E. Church, Rev. W. S.Peters, the pastor, performing thenuptial ceremony. -"The bride is a daughter -of Mrs.Ed. Hatton, a graduate of MaysvilleHigh School and bookkeeper for C.P. Dietrich & Bro., florists, the pasttwo years. The groom until recentlywas a resident of Paris, Ky. He haslately been employed in Maysville.After the wedding the newly-weddedcouple motored to Cincinnati,from where they go to Hamilton andColumbus, 0., on a honeymoon trip."RELIGIOUS.The Elkhorn Baptist Association,composed of messengers from thirtythree Baptist churches in Fayette,Woodford, Bourbon, Jessamine, Scottand Franklin counties, will hold its136th anniversary with the Providence Baptist church at Woodlake,Franklin county, Wednesday andThursday, September 7 and 8. Themoderator is John W Stout, of Mt.Vernon church, Woodford county.The introuctory sermon will bepreached at 11:30 o'clock Wednesday morning by Rev. .Arthur Fox,pastor of the Paris Baptist church.Rev. Fox is on the program for thesecond day, with a report on "Prohibition."Let's not use modesty as a cloak I A pessimist is a man who has backto hide merit. ed an optimist.Young Women Train for NursemaidsOne year course of Practical and Theoretical instruction. PAIDWHILE TRAINING. Board, room and laundry furnished. Requirements,Grammer School Education. Address:SUPERINTENDENT CHILDRENS' HOSPITAL,(sept6T8t) Mt. Auburn, Cincinnati, O.More than 50 maid servants areemployed in Buckingham Palace.oI tried to do too much and did it.Josh Billings.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars WashedBOURBON FISCAL COURTThe Bourbon Fiscal Court, withJudge George Batterton presiding,and a full Board of Magistratespresent, at its recent meeting, aftermaking provision for payment cfclaims against the county, ordered$7,717.92 paid the Bourbon CountyRoad Commission for expenses incurred. A rock crusher was orderedsent to the Centerville precinct towork on the roads.A committee composed of CountyAttorney D. D. Cline, John S. Trbott and E. P. Thomason, was ap-ipointed to draft resolutions on thedeath of John T. Collins.A committe composed of Magistrates L. J. Fretwell, Lee Stephenson ana uounty Attorney D. ..).Cline ws appointed to audit the settlement of County Superintendent ofSchools J. B. Caywood. The Courtauthorized County Judge Battertonto borrow $50,000 from the Security Trust Company, of Lexingtontobe used until December 1, 1921, forroad and bridge expenses of Bourboncounty, the notes to be paid out Athe revenue for the fiscal year..Final Clearance!Greater Reductions!Prices Cut Lower!Offering you entire stock at un-heard-of prices. Buyat this final sale. Shoes and Oxfords suitable for Fall wearat less than cost of material.nLadies' $5.00 and $6.00 Brown Swedes,Brown and Blaek Kid Straps anJ OxfordsFINAL CUT .S2.95Ladies' $4,00 and $5.00 Black Kid Slippersand Lace Oxfords.. FINAL CUTS1.95Another lot of Ladies' White Slippers,$2.50 values. Final cut .$1.49Ladies' $4.00 White Sport Oxfords.- FINAL CUT$2.45Misses' Patent and Gun Metal $3.00 Slippers, all sizes. l 'FINAL CUTS1.49Men's $6.00 Tan and Gun Metal Shoes andOxfords.FINAL CUT$3.49Ladies' White Straps and Oxfords.FINAL CUT$1.85Misses' and Children's $2.00 White Slippers. ,FINAL CUT$1.24KJ,5'00 Gun Metal English Shoes andPINAL CUT$2.99SPECIAL! Men's Army Last Shoes inTan Leathers, soft cap " .$1.99DAN COHENIWhcfc Beauty and Economy RcinPans' Greatest Shoe Sttrc E2"- ww usawwi. biuv Trata ttuiluabout $1,000." . , T v, .;&;-.n"ho flrfiAV ailtrkT 4lan4 -rmm .m..lTI. k-ifj AVyA