1,' -"- V. s ,THEt . ,f V i .fc " i? vI. , v aa,rstf.K. T.?2SH8!AlP'i' A1R? 4Hjr'-C" 1 "1, ..iPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,- VVOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBONCOUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1821BOURBONNEWSAy-YOUNG PEOPLES' CONFERENCESESSIONS AT DANVILLETie Young Peoples Conference ofthe Presbyterian church is in sessionat Danville, the meeting being heldin the Kentucky College for Women.Over 150 delegates from differentparts of the State are in attendance.The meetings will come to a closeThursday night, when the closing address will be delivered by Dr. CalvinM. Caldwell, of Nashville, Tenn.The following delegates from Pourbon county are in attendance: Rev.T. S. Smylie, chairman of the Boardof Managers, Owen L. Davis, MissesElizabeth Crutcher, Nell Crutcher,Eelanor Lytle, Willie Fisher, Fern,Stone, Proctor Fisher, Coleman Williams, Paris; Misses Catherine Leerand Mabel Fisher, of Millersburg.Writing from Danville, Owen L."Davis, of Paris, says:"The Young Peoples' Conferenceof the Presbyterian Church in Kentucky in session here is measuringup to the most sanguine expectations of the Synod's committee, notonly in point of attendance, but alsoin the enthusiasm and earnestnessof the delegates, who have comefrom all over the State for inspiration and instruction. Kentucky College for Women, with all of its appointments for the personal comforts of those present, its spaciousassembly rooms, gymnasium, swimming pool, tennis and basket ballcourts and its beautiful wooded campus, is an ideal place for such a conference, and the people of Danville,accustomed to entertaining all kindsof. conventions, are extending unusual hospitality to this one."The members of the committee incharge, composed of Rev. T. S. Smylie, chairman, Mrs. Best, Mrs. Cocherham and Rev. Sydney Venable,have been untiring in their work,and have secured many of the greater lights of the Presbyterian churchin the United States for the lecturersand classes in Sunday School. Christion Endeavor and Mission Work,among whom are, Dr. J. M. Caldwell, of Atlanta, Ga.; Dr. W. H. Hopper, of Louisville; Rev. J. HersheyLongnecker, of Congo Beige, Africa;Miss Elizabeth McE. Shields, ofRichmond, Va.; Dr. Calvin N. Caldwell, of the Presbyterian Mission inCbina Dr. Jno. W. Van der Mohlen,of Louisville: Mr. Fred McWillan,layman, of Des Moines, Iowa; Mrs.H. P. Winsborough, of St. Louis; Dr.J. L. Mavze, of Huntington; Mrs. H.L. Cocherham, of Kentucky, and Dr.Gilbert Glass, of Richmond, Va."Some of the enjoyable features ofthe convention are the athleticevents in charge of Rev. W. A. Hopkins, and the music, directed by Mr.Thos. C. Bryan, with Miss ElizabethCrutcher, of Paris, pianist, and several delegates forming a splendid orchestra."The floor area of St Peter's inRome is 227,069 feet, being thegreatest of any in the world.limillllMIHIMIHIIHUMHIIIMIIIimilllllllFRANK&CO. !!LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPECIAL SALEChildren'sGinghamDresses$1.00EACH"SHOP ATI HOME"I FRANK & CO. ILADIES' OUTFITTERS SSiiiAmiiimiiiiiinimiinnnnwminiiiiiHTHE BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirregular shoot Friday afternoon, June10. We had two hard showers ofrain which kept some of the boysaway, but at that twenty-eightshooters came out and we shot sixteen full squads. The trophy, a silkumbrella, donated by Shire & Fithian, was won by Dr. W. J. Kiff, afternine had tied up for the first shootoff. Next Friday afternoon, June 17,will be a special shoot at 500 tragetsbetween the Cane Ridge team, withJ. M. Caldwell as captain, and theSure Hits, with Amos Turney as captain. All club members and visitingshooters are expected to come andtake part in this shoot. The teamrace will start promptly at 1:30 andjust as soon as finished all others willtake part and shoot the rest of theafternoon.Shot At BrokeDr. Wm. Kenney 125 99Amos Turney 100 93W. E. Tanner .-.100 85Dr. W. J. Kiff ...100 85J.R.Pendleton 100 84Woodford Buckner 100 82H. M. Roseberry 75. 70J. M. Caldwell.' 75 70Fred Burgin 75 69Clarence Kenney 75 69H. E. Anderson 75 68Matt Lair , 75 63W. K. Ferguson. .. ... . 75 63J. L. Dodge. r'i - ' 75 63Alfred Clay 50 47W. S. Haggard 50 46A. Buckner 50 45J. B. Smith 50 44Wm. Wornall, Jr 50 44Dr. R. R. McMillan 50 44Vol Ferguson 50 41J. W. Bell 50 40R. C. Ruggles 50 39Dr. M. H. Dailey 50 37Joe Davis, Jr., 50 34A. B. Perkins 50 33E. A. Brophy 50 25Roxie Davis 25 11At a shoot given by the Club abouttwo weeks ago, the trophy was twocartons of cigarettes donated by E.W. Glass, the contest being for twohighest guns of the afternoon. Thewinners were J. Quincy Ward andSquire John N. Shropshire.oRASPBERRIES, RASPBERRIES.LEAVE US YOUR ORDER FORRASPBERRIES IF YOU WANTlILI"L'V(It) ' C. P. COOK & CO.aCOUNCIL ACCEPTS BONDAt a recent meeting of the CityCouncil bond furnished by the HenryBickel Company, of Louisville, for511,087.20, taken on the Globe Indemnity Co., to cover the construction of sewers to be built in Paris,was accepted. Work on the projectedsewer system will begin sonn, mostof the equipment and material beinghere or on the way.COMMERCIAL CLUB NOTESFollowing requests made by a number of merchants, William E. Hacker,Secretary of the Paris CommercialClub, will circulate an agreementamong the merchants in practically"all lines of business to the effectthat, out of respect to the Nationalholidavs. thtvc will nlnao fhir Tilacea(of business on the afternoons andevenings of the Fourth of July,Thanksgiving, Christmas, and Decoration Day. The merchants have nothad any definite agreement as todates of closing and the paper to becirculated, if signed by all, will bea standing and permanent agreement. Rudolph Davis, general chairmanof the Booster Trip to be held inthe next few weeks, is lining up several working committees, and expectsto make the trip one of the mostsuccessful features attempted by theCommercial Club. Mr. Davis is notoverlooking the fun element andassures everyone who goes on thetrip that he'll have one of the bigtimes of his life.H. B. Griest, of the educationaldepartment of the National RetailClothiers Association, recently conferred with several groups of merchants in regard to holding a fiveday Merchants' Institute, duringwhich lectures by experts and roundtable discussions would be held.The institute would have been available for this month, but most of themerchants favored postponing it until next fall or winter.The Commercial Club has beforeit some questions regarding aid fordisabled veterans, constructive measures for other veterans, and opposition to the cash bonus for soldiers.These questions have been placedbefore it by the Chamber of Commerce of the United States, in accordance with resolutions adopted bythe National Chamber at its annuameeting, composed of delegates from,member organizations, of which thelocal organization is one. The National Chamber takes the stand thatmeasures granting adequate relieffor disabled veterans, enabling exservice men to cultivate the soil,build homes or obtain vocationaltraining, are preferable to the bonusplan. . ,The directors of the CommercialClub are anxious that all personswho subscribed to the BourbonCounty Memorial Fund, and whohave not expressed, their views as tothe kind of material that should beconstructed, respond immediately.Referendum blanks were mailed outto the subscribers some weeks ago,but many did not fill them in. After a representative vote has beenbeen received, the results will beturned over to the original committee designated to act on the matter.Subscribers can express their viewson the referendum blanks or else bypersonal letter to the secretary of theCommercial Club.Paris will be host to the next meeting of the Licking Valley and Bluegrass Highway Association, and thedate will be set in the next few days.The highway runs from Paris to Cincinnati, by way of Cynthiana, Falmouth, Independence and Covington,and this route will have, it is believed, practically all travel north andsouth through this section of thecountry.Several of the local merchants andclerks have asked William E. Hacker,Secretary of the Commercial Club, toenroll a class for the study of retailsalesmanship and advertising. Mr.Hacker has received considerable material preparatory to presenting thecourse, which would consist of tenlessons. He says he will undertakethe class, with the assistance of localmerchants, who will take turns atdelivering talks and conducting theinstruction, if as many as fifty persons will enroll.VOTE FOR PEARCE PAT0N.QNEW FISHING CLUB ELECTSOFFICERSThe members of the newly-organizedParis Fishing Club held a meeting at the court house Saturday afternoon when a permanent organization was effected by election of thefollowing officers: John M. Brennan,president; Ed. H. Gorey, vice-president;Frank P. Kiser, secretarytreasurer; Wm. G. McClintock, Lafayette Ardery and Louis Rogers, directors. The club will be incorporated witha capital stock of $15,000, comprising 150 shares at $100 per share.Work on the club house and lake tobe built on land donated by LouisRogers will begin at once.WOOL!WE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL. HAVE PLENTY OF NEWSACKS AND TWINE.(22apl-tf) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.oLAWN FETE POSTPONED.On account of conditions whichcould not be avoided, the lawn fetescheduled to be held at the home ofEdward and Thomas Owings, onPleasant street, to-night by the ladiesof St. Peter's Episcopal church, hasbeen postponed to a later date, duenotices of which will be given.FORMER PARISIAN SAFEMrs. Hensel Margolen, of Pari3,received a telegram from the RedCross, Society headquarters, at Pueblo, Col., stating her sister, Mrs.Frank Trumbo, who now residesthere had escaped injury in the bigflood, which devastated that city recently. Mrs. Trumbo was formerlyMiss Ida Phillips. -HMTOgTY SERVICE SPECIAL-a juuujxv XLblii:. JOUilTAKX JbUNfiBALMiss Sophie B. Fishback, the recre- Full military honors to a dead solauon specialist representing Commu-1 dier were paid Sunday afternoon, atnity Service, Inc., of New York, has ' the Paris Methodist church, whenjust arrived in Paris to help the local , the body of Private Luther Shanks,ommunity Service in developing world-war victim, in a casket carriedmeir work. Miss Fishback has had i by former service men, was placeda large and varied experience in all ! in front of the pulpit. A feeling androrms of recreation work in the East : eloquent tribute to the young manand more recently in several Ken-1 who had made the supreme sacrifice,tucky cities. Final plans for the I was paid by Rev. O. B. Crockett, ofopening of the Recreation Institute i Winchester, a former pastor of thenave been made and the first meet-1 church. A solemn and special musics wm oe nem at tne Hign Schoolvrymnasium on Monday night, JuneiJ, at 7:30, and will last until 9:20.The DUrnOSe Of the Institute la n!t;hA Tinrlv wno t-lrnTi in orrn hT, nbring out the ladies of the communi-ty and train them for Communityxeaaersnip in games, story telling:,play-ground work, andother fea-;tures, that will make them valuableto their communities, churches, organizations and in their homes.Miss Fishback is here for threeweeks only, and for this reason thetraining will have to be intensive.In order to cover the course, therewill be three nights a week, for twoweeks, Monday, Thursday and Friday. All the meetings will be heldat the High School.. Miss Fishbackwill also do some work with theteachers, who are here attending thesummer school.There is no fee for the course, butit is hoped that the people who comewill be there as many times as possible, as we take up a different oneeach night. The games to be taughtare for all ages, from the little totsup, and for adults.At the close of the Institute a Recreation Club will be formed, the officers being chosen from those whohave taken the course: This club isthe group which will carry on thework, after we leave, and the program will go on in the playgroundsthrough the summer, and in the fallwill work up the city wide interest,and have Community meetings ofevery sort. For instance, if a churchor any organisation or club wishesfor a social evening, the CommunityService office should be called up,and the secretary in charge be toldthat a certain group wants a playleader, a story teller, and a songleader. The president of the Recreation Club is notified, and she will seethat the call is covered. The movement is to promote Communityspirit, and the leaders will undersand the movement more fully afterMonday night, at which time thewhole movement will be explained nfull.Each night there will be shorttalks, on different community subjects, by the local people of Paris.In the six lessons nearly fifty gameswill be taught without equipment,showing how the little people maybe made happy with little or no expense. This class is for adults, andno one under seventeen years of agemay enroll.This class is for all those who areinterested enough to enter in, andmake the class a success. CommunityService is here at your invitation,and it is our object to serve you inany way we can. It is your movement, and we are only here to help.So rally around, and let us be ableto say that Paris is the leading townin Kentucky, in the big movementcalled Community Service.SUGAR, SUGAR.A LITTLE MORE SUGAR LEFTAT $7.25. BETTER CALL EARLY.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.o"OLD MELODIES" CONCERT TOBE GIVEN.Reports from over the State showthat Bourbon County responded admirably to the Old Kentucky Homecampaign and, although reports received to dite show that the countyis not far from its quota, the chairmen, E. H. Gorey and J. M. Caldwell, desire to send in the full amountof $1,000. In order to complete thequota, an old melodies concert is being arranged and will be held in thenear future. Mrs. M. H. Dailey ischairman of a committee to arrangefor the concert, which will featurethe songs of Stephen C. Foster, whowrote, "My Old Kentucky Home."This concert, from present indications, will be one of the most enjoyable occasions for music lovers everarranged in this city.. oGETTING IN LINE -,- fTHE NEWS, in common with manyother papers, has been endeavoringto impress upon advertisers and others the necessity of getting theircopy and news items to this officepromptly. Some of our advertisersseem to think there is no suchthing as system. The SomersetCommonwealth says:- "The hour ofclosing forms in The Commonwealth,Office hereafter will be each Wednesday at 11 a. m. Anyone having newsitems or advertising for this paperwill please be governed accordingly.No advertising or news notes willbe accepted after 11 o'clock eachWednesday morning. It is the desireof The Commonwealth to serve thiscommunity the very best possibleand it can best be done by having asystem and sticking to it."oGIRLS SWIMMING CLASS AT THEY. M. C. A.Examinations in the Girls' Swimming Class at the Y. M, C. A., willbe given at 2:30 o'clock to-morrow(Wednesday) afternoon. All girlspassing the test by swimming twentyfeet or more are entitled to wear theswimmer's button. Parents andfriends of the girls are invited to bepresent when the tests are givenWednesday. ,BOD Y OF LUTHER SHANKS GIVENcai program was rendered by thechoir.At theconclusion of the servicedetachment of the Bourbon Post,American Legion, and the funeralcortege nroceeded to the Paris (Smetery, where committal services wereheld by the American Legion.At the grave full military, honors,firing a salute and sounding of "taps"by a bugler stationed at the head ofthe grave, were given and the bodywas laid to rest under a mound covered with a wealth of floral tributes,silently attesting the esteem in whichhe was held. A large crowd stood inreverent attitude, with bowed heads,while the body of the young soldierwas being consigned to the earth.Mr. and Mrs. James L. Shanks,and daughter, Miss Shadie Shanks, ofMarion, Indiana, parents and sisterof the deceased, were present at theceremonies and returned to theirhome after a short visit to Mr. andMrs. Robert Lantern, on the Peacock! pike, near Paris.RECREATION SPECIALIST IMTI-ATES INTERESTING GAMESMiss Sophie Fishback, the recreation specialist, who began her worklast night at the City High School,put on many interesting games.The games were preceded by talks bylocal people. Dr. M. H. Dailey, president of the local Community ServiceCommittee, opened the meeting witha short address, in which he introduced Miss Fishback to those takingthe classes. F. E. Allemong followedwith a short explanation of Community Service and its meaning to acommunity. Miss Reba Lockhartgave an interesting talk on the valueof story-telling as a means of recreation for the younger children. MissLockhart also told a story to illustrate what could be done in this line.Miss Fishback then gave a brief explanation of the purpose of hercourse. She emphasized the fact thatthe primary purpose "of the coursewas to develop local people who couldlead in all forms of recreationthroughout the entire year.Monday afternoon Miss Fishbackbegan her classes with the SummerNormal School teachers, now in session at the High School. This is aseparate class from tne eveningclass. It is meant to reach many ofthe teachers who could not be at theclasses in the evening. This workwill be of great value to theseteachers, as they go back to theirschools, in helping them direct theirpupils both in the school and in theplayground.oREPUBLICAN COMMITTEE MEETSAt a meeting of the BourbonCounty Republican Committee Saturdav afternoon a report was receivedfrom the committee appointed to interview prominent Kepuoiicans oithe county with a view to placinga Republican county ticket in thefield for the November election,Chairman W. A. Thomason reportedprogress being made, but that theticket was not yet completed, andwould be given out in a few days.He expressed confidence that theparty would place a full ticket in thefield to contest with the Democraticaspirants. The matter of placing acity ticket was not acted upon.-oBOURBON FISCAL 1C0URTAt a recent meeting of the Bourbon Fiscal Court the sum of $28,913.27, was ordered paid to theBourbon County Road Commission forexpenses incurred to be paid out ofthe Turnpike Fund. ?n anticipationof the county revenue for 1921 Counay Judge Batterton was authorizedto borrow $6,000 with interest at therate of seven per cent, per annum.The Woman's Club of Bourboncounty was given the free use of theVacant room in. tne court house un.-til further notice.oFARMERS, ATTENTION!SPECIAL PRICES ON BINDERS,MOWERS, RAKES, CULTIVATORS.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.o-LEADER OFFICE MOVEDRobert S. Porter, Paris representative of the Lexington Leader, is now"at home" in comfortably-fitted upoffices at No. 620 Main street, nextto Shively's meat market, havingrecently vacated his old quarters inthe Margolen building, formerly occupied by Mitchell, Moreland &Mitchell.o"THIRTY DAYS, NEXT!"In the County Court, Arthur Mack,presented on a charge of petit larceny, entered a plea of guilty andwas given a thirty-days' jail sentence by County Judge George Batterton. Clyde Morris, charged withchicken stealing, entered. a plea ofnot guilty. His examining trial wasset for to-day, and bail fixed at ?250.Shelley wrote the "Revolt ofIslam" lying in the bottom of a boaton the Thames river.ST"FLAG DAY" TO BE 0:TO-MY.In accordance with proclamationissued by the President aatf snivtomented by one issued 'by Gvrot:Morrow, to-day, Tuesday, Jume 14-.has been designated oflcially mmFlag Day," when all patriotic citi- .zens are requested to display tfcAmerican flag on their businMBhouses and residences.Mrs. C. M. Clay, Regent of the Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A, B., hamissued a request to every member ofthat organization to observe th ayin the proper spirit and to encourage and urge others to do so. Tiiis part of the Nation's 'one hundrper jcent. Americanism" plan.Postmaster J. Walter Payne yesterday received the following wordedofficial circular from the PostocDepartment at Washington:"Every department of the Administration and every employe of thGovernment has caught the spirit ofthe Chief Executive, whose word andeeds are the constant fulfillment ofthe lofty ideal we call Americanism."I very earnestly request that youwill observe the purposes of nag Dyon June 14, by the appropriate il3-vPlay of the flag and by all othermeans which you may deem yoatible.""WILD S. HATS,"Postmaster General."oSAVE MONEYIF YOU WANT TO SAVE MONEYSEE US BEFORE YOU BUY; WAGONS, BUGGIES, HARNESS ANDBINDERS' TWINE.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.oBOURBON'S REPRESENTATION ATTHE CHILDREN'S HOMEFrom Bourbon county twenty-seven,children have been committed to theKentucky Children's Home since itsorganization twenty-five years agoand in that time only $1,107 hasbeen donated by the Fiscal CourtThe Children's Home Society is building its cottage village at Lyndon,Ky., which it expects to move intoby October 15. This village, in thseighty-six acre tract will cost $300,000, the quota assigned to Bourbon:county being $5,000, of which $2,360.50 has been raised.VOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.SOMETHING TO REMEMBER 'When a stranger comes to Paris holooks around. It is the natural thing)to do. His opinions are formed fromwhat he sees and hears, and fromnothing else. As he finds conditionsto exist, so he repeats them when hegoes elsewhere, and repeats them toother people. That is what makesour reputation abroad and it is worthremembering.We Know HowThe Latest ShowingOFSTRAW HATSTSilk SocksLadies' Silk HoseWash TiesFlannel Trouser?Allf the above arequality goods of standard makes.If you want the bestsummer goods at theright prices, see us.See Window Display!uWe Know How"MITCHELL &BLAKEMOREStttsen Spring HatsImllltin 9nwwjISHIRTSLIGHT-WEIGHUNDERWEARftlir-'rvI:Lt.f fis"1rv.LuItK.?.KfceIK.1 V.k'JmihjJ-1t t-fU fe'VvkgV". ,-f -f "4iv"SiJAil Ordinance- PROVIDING FOR THE ORIGI-i NAL CONSTRUCTION OF THEFOLLOWING STREETS IN THECITY OF PARIS, TO-WIT:TENTH STREET FROM EASTMARGIN OF MAIN TO WEST(MARGIN OF PLEASANT.STREET, AND MAIN STREETFROM BANK ROW TO THE, BRIDGE OVER STONER CREEKTTH VITRIFIED BRICK, AS-' PEALT, BITULITHIC WOODBLOCKS, ROCK ASPHALT ANDCONCRETE PAVING OR OTHERTYPE OF ,PAVED STREETS,AND BY THE CONSTRUCTIONu OF CURBS AND GUTTERS ONBOTH ' SIDES THEREOF EXCEPT WHERE THE SAME IS' ALREADY CONSTRUCTED IN,. CONFORMITY WITH ITS SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE PROPOSED WORK, AND PROVIDING FOR THE PAYMENT OF. THE COST THEREOF.BE-IT, ORDAINED by the Boardof Council of the City of Paris inregpalar meeting assembled in theCity Hall in Paris, Ky., on Thursdaynight, May 26th, 1921, that pursuantix the resolution heretofore adoptedby the Board of Council on May 22,1919, at to Tenth Street, and theresolution of February 26th, 1920,as to Main Street, and both ofwhich resolutions were published-as required by law, the following described streets and parts of streetsin 'the City of Paris be improved by"the original construction of the roadways thereof with virtrified brick,asphalt, bitulithic, wood blocks, rockasphalt, concrete paving or othertype of paved streets, and by theconstruction of curbs and gutters onboth sides thereof except where thesame is already constructed in conformity with the plans and specifications for the proposed work, towit: Tenth Street from East- margin-of Main Street to Westmarginof Pleasant Street and Main Streetfrom Bank Row to the bridge overStoner Creek.2. That said improvements shall"be made according to plans andspecifications heretofore adopted bythe Board of Council of the City ofParis.3. That the cost of improving saidroad ways shall be paid as follows,to-wit: one-third of the total costthereof including- the cost of the improvement of the intersection withother public ways including one-halfof the width of the street being improved opposite other streets or alleys which run into but do not crossihe street or alley so being improved, and all of that portion of anystreet abutting upon property belonging to the City, and all the costof all improvements where the abutting owner is a public school, cemetery, county, State or United States,shall be paid by the City of Parisout- of the general fund; and the remaining two-thirds of said cost andthe cost of all curbing and guttering-. shall be made as the exclusive costof the owners of real estate abutting-on such improvements, to be apportioned among and assessed uponthe lots or parcels of real estateabutting feet, and a tax shall belevied upon such lots or parcels ofxeal estate for the payment of thecosts assessed thereon, which taxshall be due and payable at the City'Treasurer's office upon the comple-tion 'of the work and acceptancetherepf by the Board of Councilprovided, however, that the portionassessed against the abutting property may be paid on the ten yearpayment plan aS provided by law.4. Any such tax which is notpaid within thirty days after thesame becomes due and payable, unless the property owners shall haveexercised their option to pay forsame on the ten year payment plan,as above provided shall have added"thereo a penalty of ten per centumof the amount of the tax, and thereshall be a lien upon such lot or parcel of real estate for the part of thecost of said improvement so assessedthereon, and the same shall bearinterest at the rate of six per centumper annum from the time of theassessment until paid.5. This ordinance shall iiave tworeadings before the Board of Council, and ten days shall intervene between the first and second readings.Upon the final adoption of this ordinance the improvement committeeis directed to advertise for bids fortwo consecutive weeks in the Bourbon News and Kentuckian-Citizen,newspapers published in BourbonCounty, Kentucky, being the officialpublications of the City of Paris forthe construction of said streets, outof each of the materials as hereinprovided.Bids for said work shall be received in open council on the 14thday of July 1921, at 8:00 o'clock p.in. and said work shall be let to thelowest and best bidder.6. All bids shall be in writing andunder seal upon blanks furnished bythe City Engineer, and addressed toJ. W. Hayden, Clerk of the City ofParis. Each bidder must accompanyliuTbid with "a certified check paytable to'C. K. Thomas, City Treasurer,;for am,, amount equal to 10 per centof the amount of his bid, or by bidder's bond in the sum of Two Thou-MONTAVILLE FLOWERSTO LECTURE HEREWeK-Known Publicist on RedpathChautauqua Circuit.Will Deliver Hit Great Atfdret,"America Looking Ahead" A Studyof Today and Tomorrow; 1Montaville Flowers, eminent publicist, will lecture at' the coming Redpath Chautauqua on "America LockingAhead."This address presents principles upon which the .future life and happiness" by Moffett, ChicagoMONTAVILLE FLOWERS.of the natloa depend. It reveals thenew continent of difficulties and problems which have been upheaved acrossour national path by the volcanicforces of lie World war.Mr. Flswars is a striking type ofthe constructive mind. He personifiesaction." He seeks results; his lectureis not an end in itself but sets up aclear goal for national aim, and stimulates united purpose to attain it. Hissubject is of universal interest.SAY "DIAMOOT DYES," TAKE NOOTHER DYEUnless you ask for "DiamondDyes" you may get a poor dye thatstreaks, spots, fades and ruins yourgoods. Every package of DiamondDyes contains simple directions forhome dyeing or tinting any new,rich, fadeless color into garments ordraperies of any material. No mistakes! No failures!(adv-tf-T)Couldn't Be Poorer Wlthaig ItJud Tonkins says hi never went lnto politic because he'd want to le&vapolities poorer than when he enteredIt andne couldn't find anybody to glvihim credit.sand Dollars, conditioned that suchbidder, if awarded the contract, willenter into a written contract andexecute a good and sufficient bondconditioned for the faithful performance of said contract, within fifteendays after the award is made. Ifthe successful bidder shall fail toenter into said contract and executesuch bond within said fifteen days,the City of Paris will reta:a theamount of said certified check asliquidated damages for such failure,if any. The checks of the unsuccessful bidders will be returned immediately after the letting.7. This ordinance shall becomeeffective and be in full force fromanc after its passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.(lljune-4t)A ResolutionBE IT RESOLVED by the Boardof Council of Paris, Kentucky, thatthe bid of the Henry Bickel Company for the construction of the following streets, namely, SecondStreet from the east margin of MainStreet to the west margin of Pleasant Street; Fourth Street from theeast margin of High Street to thewest margin of Pleasant Street;Fifth Street from the east margin ofHigh Street to the west margin ofPleasant "Street; Sixth Street fromthe east margin of High Street tothe west margin of Pleasant Street;Seventh Street from the east marginof High Street to the west marginof Pleasant Street; Eighth Streetfrom the east margin of High Streetto the west margin of PleasantStreet; Ninth Street from the eastmargin of High Street to the westmargin of Pleasant Street; TenthStreet from the east margin of HighStreet to the west margin of MainStreet; Eleventh' . .Street from theeast margin of High Street to thewest margin of Pleasant Street;Twelfth Street from the east marginof High Street to the west marginof Pleasant Street; Thirteenth Streetfrom the east margin of High Streetto the west margin of Main Street,and High Street from the City Hallto the north margin of FourteenthStreet, be accepted on their bid forMexico Asphalt; Vitrified Brick.Lined gutters.BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,that each of said above named streetsfor the purpose of assessing the costthereof be treated as a separate anddistinct unit and 'the cost of eachstreet shall be assessed against theabutting property on such street asprovided by law and by the improvement ordinance, separate and distinct from the cost of improvementof each of said other streets.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor, City of Paris, Ky.Ks&ScoUra&cresft: xtckSsBSShS&HSSSSSIaBSSSSSSSSSSt&$SlB BSSSaisHSiv&'raA aa nlKs&&&xj&yM at .jaasssssssssLa- isam sssssssssssssaaBaK nBM' aaaaaaa; " UMl' - -BHMBHMM -taaaaaa HppHK sHaHs- jsssaHlssf 4HHHHMQmBiBUR1EY BOOT IS ;ENLARGED TO 29Organization Committee if Cooperative Association ToHave Now MembersWILL REACH EVERY COUNTYLouisville, Ky., June 7. Enlargement of the Organization Committeeof, the proposed Oo-operaive &MieyMarketing Association from five mem.bers to twenty-nine was announcedhere today.The new members are:J. N. Kehoe, Maysville; DeshaBreckinridge, Lexington. T. S. Burnam, Richmond: Harry Giovannoli,Lexington; Samuel Clay, Paris; Chas.N. Manning, Lexington; William A.McDowell, Lexington ; N. C. Ridgeway,Falmouth ; the Rev. John F. Knue, McQuady; Shelby T. Harbison, Lexington; Joseph E. Robinson, Lancaster;Miss Sunshine Sweeney, Lexington ; T.J. Curtis, Richmond. Johnson N. Camden, Versailles; Dr. Frank L. McVey,Lexington; W. A. Clements, bpringfield; Edward Bassett, Lexington;Louis L. Neale, Richmond; J. QuincyWard, Cynthiana; Price Headley, Lexington ; Walter Bennett, Richmond ; H.B. Hanger, Jr., Richmond; L. A. Faurest, Elizabethiown, and Fred G. Stelz,Lexington.The original five members of theOrganization Committee, who will remain ae an Executive Committee ofthe larger body, are:Judge Robert W. Bingham, chairman; W. E. Simms, Versailles. JohnT. Collins, Paris; James C. Stone,Lexington, -tad Ralph M. Barker, Carrollton. The enlargement of the committeemarks. the first step of the movementto spread the organization to the individual counties. This will be continuedas quickly as possible -by the appointment of local chairmen and committees, to organize each county. At thisdate, Lexington and Richmond are theonly centers which havo be?r fmpletely organized, l':t others :-ro expected to do so during the next twoweeks.The function of the Orgnnii'.!fnCommittee as it exists at present isto perfect machinery in each districtto carry the contract of the association to the individual grower. Thi&contract was offered to the growersfor the first time at Carxollton June 4.At this time more than 1,395,000pounds were signed. up for the association. The contract will be offered to thegrowers at meetings the week of June'J3, which will be addressed by AaronrSapinrand Judge Bingham. It is probWblfc tttfcF.Trom the points where Mr.tSaptro i?fe epeaic gs3fization willTpreacL' BanJBefls,, grderoaado&er leadersIn each community interested in thewelfare of the growers, hold meetingsthis week with Mr. Stone and JosephPassonneau, organization manager, toexplain the details of the co-operativeplan and to arrange reception for Mr.Sapiro's meeting.J It is expected that in the. next twoweeks county organizations will beperfected and. the active Sign-Up Campalgn bnraghCTftnne to every grower.So Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing Habit.No-To-Bac has helped thousands tobreak the costly, nerve-shattering tobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a smoke or chew, justplace a harmless No-To-Bac tabletin your mouth instead. All desirestops. Shortly the habit is completely -broken, and you are better offmentally, physically, financially. It'sso easy, so simple. Get a box of No-To-Bacand if it doesn't release youfrom all craving for tobacco in anyform, your druggist will refund yourmoney without question. (adv)oHairs In A Violin Bow.The number of hairs In a violin bowwas formerly from 80 to 100 In Franca;but now it Is customary to have thahair ribbon broader, and this, therefore, requires 175 to 250 single hairs.These must be at least 26 Inches long,Tourte bestowed great care on the.selection of bow-hair, preferring theFrench horse-hair. A grea deal olbow-hair comes from Russian horseINGROWN TOE NATL TURNS OUTITSELFA noted authority says that a fewdrops of "Outgro" upon the skinsurrounding the ingrowing nail reduces inflamation and pain and sotoughens the tender, sensitive skintoughens the tender, sensitive skinunderneath the toe nail, that it cannot penetrate the flesh, and the nailnaturally turns outward almost overnight."Outgro" is a harmless, antisen-tic manutactured for chiropodists.However, anyone can buy from thedrug store a tiny bottle containingdirections.(adv-T-alt)" IHtMiInf HTm.Sifted cotl libMf fltnd tad wheatlow, mrxwl with water, make all xoallent mortar for patching holes whanthe plaster Is broken. Use two parteashes and sand to one of floor. .QUIT TOBACCO,v - "Far SafeOne-ton Truck; bargain; price$225.00.RUGGLES MOTO& CO.($may-tf)WantedTo buy used furniture. Highestprice paid for furniture or anythingof value. Call Cumb. Phone 660.BOURBON FURNITURE CO.,210 Main Street7june-tf)To the People of Paris andSurrounding CountryI will open a photograph studioat Nc 7 Broadway, opposite courthouse, Paris. If you want good,finely-finished photos at a reasonable price, call and give me a trial.Will be open for business in about10 days.(3-2wks) M. O. DORA.Planing MillWe are prepared to do all kindsof planing mill work. .Window Screens, Door Screens andodd work a specialty.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON,Paris, Ky.B. T. Phone 711.Home Phone 510.(T-tf)CINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35-L. & N.--$2.35Sunday, June 19, 1921Special train will leave Paris at8:20 a. m.; returning will leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City Time). For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.Q.Bnblm if Satisfaction(9Present lines of new Buick six-cylindermodels will be carried thru the 1922season. . . .Beginning June 1st the new series andprices will be as follows, f. o.b. factories,Flint, Michigan.Model 22Model '22Model 22Model 22dModel 22-48 Four49 SevenModel 22Model 22-50 Seven,-ey ,:' . . BUICK MOTOR COMPANY, FLINT, MICH.Pioneer Builders of Valve-in-Head Motor CarsBranches in all Principal Cilia Dealers Every whumC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant StreetsWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WHJL BUILD THEMiliNiMMiimntifiOBGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDayI 137iiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiMAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSWe have a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other ttysleft over from the holidays.aLetUs Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.T. W.MAIN STREETimufmoiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiHome Telephone SubscribersHave Free Communication with the 1Following Towns and VillagesMillersburg, Headquarters, Hooktown, Black's GrossRoads, Shawhan, Ruddles Mills, Kiserton, Centerville,Jacksonville, Clinton ville, Avon, Wyandott, Austerlitz,Escondida, Little Rock. Cane Ridge, Plum, Bunker Hill.North Middletown connection will be re-establishedwithin a few weeks.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.incorporatedIIMMIIIIIIMMIMItHMIHIHHIMMIIIimilllUKBUJCKOH Prices44 Three Passenger Roadster, $179545 Five Passenger Touring, - $179546 Three Passenger Coupe, - $258547 Five Passenger Sedan, - - $2895Passenger Coupe,Passenger Touring,42065Passenger Sedan, - $3295TUMDAY, JXJNB 14. lfU J"mm immiNisht tVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSE9DnbltmcfStiufxam';kNew Prices$1495$1525$2135$2435$2325$1735$2635.u4M iV,'jJKL. Jrjrt &.. ' zS v 't "'" l-'v - "'""'. '"-W s-V',!NA.v"V."" -."-'Xjs.rw -. J-'"tF9LfTUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1921THB BOURBON NBWS PARIS, KETfttlCIX.-&PAfllTWT 9ml2JEW 0FHCIAI5 FOB THE PYTHIAHHOME. Mr. and Mrs. Jasper Ecklar, ofBerry, Ky., former Superintendentand Matron of the Odd FellowstWidows' and Orphans' Home, atiLexington, have been elected Superintendent and Matron of the Kentucky Pythian Home, which is alsoiocated near Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Ecklar assume theiraew duties July 1st. These goodpeople are well qualified for the responsible positions to which they2iaTe been called and the Knights ofPythias of Kentucky are to be congratulated for. having secured theirservices for such important positions,The Word "Rum."word "rum" la an aMuwriatUfembooze," Mrumn beis an Aatfcivted for "good," and tXXMEt"Ion of the German "bvamaritof to "guzzle."o' ft Jle Ctutd Charge Them Off.9fe nan wko baa a wife and twcr mm UpaUm ia tacky if he eatget aiiaaW Jtdgtfl by tbejr artbti.ANOT A MIRACIJE, BUTIF YOUSICKDON'T GIVE UPTUTBULGARIANBLOOD TEAAsslit nature to relieve andcorrect constipation, indigestion,ctoxnacn, liver, kidney and bloodtroubles. Take It steaming hotto break up a cold In a hurry.Guard against influenza, grippeand pneumonia.Sola by druggists everywhere.MA&VXX PRODUCTS CO.,Pittsburgh, Pa,EVERYWHEREItecommend Hie Use of CamphoratedOil and Kenthol Creams For Believing Conghsa Colds, Croup,.Croup, Catarrh, Pneumonia and4All .Congested Conditions!The best form in which to applya remedy of thifl kind will be foundin MINTOL, wbich. not only containsMenthol, Camphor, Oil of Eucalyptus and many other healing and atiseptic oils, but also contains germicidal nronerties which kill the erirr influenza germ. If MINTOL is applied to the nostrils it sterilizes thenose and acts as a preventative aswell as a cure for colds and catarrh.If you will apply a little MINTOLabout the size of a-bean to the backof the tongue it will sterilize thethroat troubles. "When applied externally to the throat and chest itwill break up congestion and preventor relieve Croup, Whooping Cough,and Pneumonia,It is not necessary to use old-fashioned blisters which are often timeseither very disagreable in odor orcause soreness and annoyance to thepatient and those attending them.MINTOL will be found the most effective, modern scientific treatmentfor all inflamed conditions. A jar inthe home will protect the wholefamily from Coughs, Colds and oftentime prevent Pneumonia. If yourdruggist cannot supply you we willmail you a jar on receipt of price,35c, 60 and ?1.25. The Home Relief Laboratories, Boston, Mass.(adv)cThe Woman's Way,If the shoe fits, get a sice smaller.Cartoons Magazine.lajfesponae to, $te ISiuiry of nttJffi JfitoDJ&oneuDEcribem: cWhafVan I jg tq I iRfc Service 7" this advertisement Is published.Useless DevicesHamper Servicetufcnt furnished to you isirioiiern and adeauafeanil fcannol !k Improved by frttacfimteir&ltfca HJfijr ftH Q sale,Auxtlmry ftftqgxqp tBAtt W dtStnfry which & cffltrm for sale to be at-florapariy s telephones, areserious fcyice trou-Wfttttfm fh hlpat13BS0,EDITOEIAI IUN6S OF THIS.THAT EN TOTHEfi"ong experience," says a longsuffering Paris business man, "hastaught me that cussing out the telephone operators gets you severalmore bad waits for the right number. And what good does it do, anyway, except to relieve your feelingsfor the moment."There was a third baseman namedGrohyWho retired from baseball, youknow,"But a fellow," he said,"Must be earning his bread,"So I'm coming back after the' dough."A NEWS reporter the other dayasked a local meat merchantwhether he considered the price ofmeat too high. The merchant toldthe newspaper man to use his ownjudgment and he did. He went to arestaurant and ordered two scrambled! Times change and ambitionschange with them. The little girlsof our generation would rather bemovie stars than organists or choirleaders, and the little boys of fatherswho once wanted to be DeadwoodDicks now want to be promoters ofoil companies.When a woman gets to talkingabout hating men sh.e lias arrived atthe age of lost hopes, and like a doll,the sawdust has all run out of herstriped stockings. At least this isthe sage observation recently madeby a confirmed Paris bachelor, who isstill on the eligible list.If the millennium should suddenlyarrive and everybody should becomevirtuous, and there should be nomurders, scandals, race horse news,or other sensational news matterfor the newspapers to print, a greatmany persons who are now complaining bitterly about "the awfulstuff" they have to read in the paperswould cancel their subscriptions.A fisherman is one of Nature schildren. He acts naurally becausehe lives close to Mother Earth. Hecomes home refreshed and rejuvinat-ed, with all the smallness of life andits little petty things forgotten andburied below the riffle, and then hewill talk about it and think aboutit until it is time to go again. Wewnnid rather be a fisherman thaneither a poet or a philosopher for areal genuine fisherman is somethingof both.It is very nice, of course, that Mr.and Mrs. Douglas Fairbanks are going to have an heir, but we are a little doubtful about congratulatingMary. If the infant inherits Doug'senergy, together with the habit hedisplays in his pictures of jumpingover the furniture and ciamoering upthe drain pipe to the roof, Mary willbe kept too busy to make any morepictures!When Caruso left America theother day he expressed regret thathe could not remain oVer to takepart in the anti-dry parade in NewYork on July 4. Thereupon a fanatic wrote to one of the New Yorkpapers taking the great tenor totask for lacking in respect to theConstitution and informed him that"no one in this broad land of ourswants to restore slavery." Positively,if Brother Volstead has any sense ofhumor there must be times when hewants to be saved from his friend3.We provide everytfilng necessary 'foilgood service and $uh 'difficulties as arisecannot be fielpeli dif greyeritea tiy foreignattachment.you eau Help you?jE$yfce Uy protectItfg it from all sucfi 3evftas, anft reportIng trouble fctompjtly to omplafrtfM ySVSCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(IrarfjoiatciLl?esTisBBVBMBaj sBBBr ''BsIX1IIXIIXIXIXIXIXI!:ixsaxiBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetLUKE McLTJKE GONE.Luke McLuke, the Enquirer's funnyman and philosopher, is gone. Death'sfinger touched him last week and hesleeps, his merry quibs at an end forever. James S. Hastings, for thatwas his real name, was an exchangeeditor, who was "different." He sawpossibilities in reading the exchangeswhich his prosier' comrades in thatkind of work overlooked. His takeoffs on the frailties of man, and woman, too, were kindly and exceptwhen he discussed prohibition andits consequences his column was entirely free of anything unkindly toany class of readers. In this respect, he showed, perhaps, unconsciously, the intolerance for reformlegislation of any character.Luke McLuke knew women andtheir tendencies almost as well asEnoch Grehan, paragrapher of theLexington Herald, and his humorousquips on the peculiarities of the fairsex, particularly his alleged poetry,were contributions to humorous literature unsurpassed in their line. Hiscolumn caused many a chuckle amongmillions of readers, for in the latteryears of his life, his column was"syndicated," that is, sent out to alarge number of newspapers. He wasa good scout, liked the good thingsof life, was a loyal husband and akind father always. His widow andfour children will have the sinceixsympathy of every person, who hasread Luke McLuke's column. Peaceto his ashes!"One of the mott reliable storea in the couatry.""Mabley'g itand back of everything they sell.""Thebeititorelknow."OVER IN INDIANA lives a gentleman whose family hasoccupied the old homestead for more than fiftyyears. His idea of our store is as he put it:"One of the most reliable stores in the country."Iti OHIO near Miamitown c were told by an old residentthat"Mabley's stand back of everything they sell."IN OLD KENTUCKY a most estimable lady said:"Mabley's is the best store I know."Friends, these and similar expressions are heard about our storeevery day.The good will of the public is worth'more to. us than money.We invite you to visit us when you come to Cincinnati. We willdo our best to make you feel at home and give you the best valuespossible."Many opportunities to buy advantageously.aMfteabUa-CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STORE.CINCINNATIFOUNDED 1877.OHIODiminutive Only In Stature.It Is related of Phlletas of Cos, distinguished about 880 B. 0. as a poetand grammarian, that he was so diminutive in size and avoirdupois thathe carried metal -weights in his clothing to prevent his being blown away,by the wind. He was the preceptor ofPtolemy Phfladelphus.ASPIRINEAGLE "MIKADO""PPencil No. 174 1M1H,.MName "Bayer" on Genuinepwnijp'Beware! Unless von see the name"Bayer" on package or on tabletsyou are not getting genuine Aspirinprescribed by physicians for twentyone years and proved safe by millions. Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarerer. Tiackaees. Asnirin is the Itrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)oTo salute with, .the left hand is regarded as an insult by the Mohammedans.For Sale at your Dealer Made in five gradeASK FOR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED BANDEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORK(till july4)Mccormick and deeringBINDERSAre the Best Made. The Best are theCheapest,- iSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to node, and solicit,your patronage.IIXIiBourbon Laundrjr' ,- Piffi KentuckyFox Climbs Tree.Another of the red fox's accomplishmentg is his ability to climb certaintrees, where the Inclination of thfttrunk and the accessibility of the lower limbs admit of it, says the American Forestry Magazine. His beingable to perform this feat often flareshis life, as does also his knowing howto swim.Whtsh la tha HlQhast Mountain?It Is f rally thovf ht Mount Brarest, witk its 29,400 faat, is the world'smlghatt peak, but soma authorities assert that Teram Kangri, Kara Koroma,Cashmere, has an altitvde of searly0.000 feetMISHOLIDAYSFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFTATGRADUATIONANDC0MNENCEMENTCorsage Bouquetsa SpecialtyIMMIIIIIIIIIMM"""i- Tk Womti'i. City CluKt" ttI Pittsburg, law .than a ;nr old, hastS.P.M0HNEYiChiropractor1FTH YEAR IN PAIIS fDSfa?5 II m SulBSBgSSSaBCSI JlsssssffilBsffHesW..flBSSBSseBSf-lk 1) "BffssfflssssssssssssssssssM ssssssssssssssTss.BSalBMBSSSSnHaBMllMlBMSsrBSSSSSBSSSSSKSSSSSSSKBSnBSSV1 -BGenuineMccormickandPEERINGBINDER TWINEIS THE BEST MADE. TAKENO SUBSTITUTEWe are exclusive agents in Bourbon countyfor McCormick and Deering Binders. We havethem in stock. Also PLENTY OF GENUINEREPAIRS. Take no substitute, for there is nonethat is "just as good."All Kinds of Farm ImplementsAt the Right Prices1 C & Ball Garagefourth and MeoMnt Streets- -$iJJ SK ..,-. -. . -"-lfZatgPatrouze BmtIm News Advertisersj4 Jts.sI &fISw.Vi1-!2?"us.I;!A!melJNIt'SJvn?,V.Idixmrnxmrnxm1,604 menbert. , -tinHiHiMimmm)&&rTHE BOURBON NBWS, PARIS, ILEMIJCITUESDAY. JUNE 14, 1S2&? ,"'?tfTHET E1TJ0YED THE SCENEThe Falmouth. Outlook says:"Uncle Tom Keller, roadmaster ofthe Paris Division of the I. & N.,said he had often heard of PinkieSmalley and her striped stockingsand to get a peep at them hangingon the clothes line, he stopped offwith his old friend, Capt. JackCrowe, and took dinner at the Hoteld'Crowe. After dinner he and Capt.Jack lit their pipes and sat in thehotel door and "watched them swinging in the air,"-Bl!3CCkKAYNK. & E.$1.50Zy2 to 6 years OldWash Suits2l2 to 7 years old$2.00 to $4.00Colors That Will Stay.Mothers:Give Us a Call and WeWin Be Glad to Showyou.Price & Co.Clothiersand FurnishersWEATHER REPORT PREDICTSEARLY HARVESTThe Weather Bureau office hasissued the following summary ofweather and crop conditions .in Kentucky for the week ending June 7:"The temperature continued highduring the first half of the week butwas unseasonably low during thelast half. There were only a fewlocal showersfand rain is badlyneeded in all parts of the State. Ingeneral wheat made satisfactoryprogress, although the rainfall ha3been insufficient for proper filling ofthe heads and the heat has undulyhastened maturity. Harvest began inthe southern counties about June 10."Late planted corn is coming up,but dry soil is delaying a germination and growth. The condition olcorn is generally satisfactory, butgood rains are necessary to start itto growing properly. Oats are heading short and will he seriously injured unless rains are necessary tostart it to growing properly. Oatsare heading short and will be seriously injured unless rain comes soon.Early potatoes have been injuredconsiderably but will be helped byrain. The strawberry crop has beenmuch curtailed by the dry weather."Very little tobacco was transplanted. Plants are becoming large,while this work still awaits rain."liPARIS CHAUTAUQUA TO BE HELDJTOY 8-15.'At a meeting of guarantors of thisyear's Redpath Chautauqua, held atthe court house, Saturday mgnt organization was effected by election ofA. S. Thompson, president, WilliamE. Hacker, secretary, and C. K.Thomas, treasurer. Mr. Thompson isperfecting his plans for the sale ofseason tickets.Seven hundred tickets must be disposed of to make the Chautauqua aflnaancial success, Mr. Thompsonwas authorized to appoint a platform committee to include himselfand two others.a committee ongrounds, a committe on advertising,and a committee to handle the saleof tickets. The seven-day Chautauqua has been contracted for, and,according to present plans, will beheld on the grounds adjoining theParis City School. The dates selected are July 8 to 15. In a few dayslarge posters and banners will beplaced in position advertising theI coming attractions, and the ticketsale will be well under way.oI BARN AND CONTENTS BURNEDi IN FAYETTEThree horses and two mules wereburned to death Saturday night in afire that destroyed a large stock anddairy barn at High Oaks Sanitarium,on the Harrodsburg pike, near Lexington, conducted by Dr. George P.Sprague, causing an estimated damage of $8,000. There is between $4,000 and $5,000 insurance.In addition to the animals that losttheir lives, between twenty-five andthirty-five tons of hay, two wagons,a carriage, buggy, farm implementsand a supply of straw were destroyed. Three horses and a pony wererescued from the burning structure.olire, Wind and Lightning Insurance THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANMaine had a woman Justice of thePeace in 1870.RollickingComedy Success"Thefrom1 imljiijNew York CartThrflKng situations, bubblinghumor and clever acting makethis pbp an exceptionally popular Chautauqua feature."VSIXTH NIGHT.Redpath ChautauquaJwt One of 17 Big AttractionsSEASON TICKETS $2.75, PLUS 10ft TAXAt Pari July th to 15th, 1921SCHOOL NOTESMiss Virginia McClure, who forseveral years has been principal ofthe Cynthiana High School, has accepted the position of teacher ofLatin in the Paris High School.Miss May Ammerman, of Cynthiana,who taught mathematics in the Seventh and Eighth 'grades at Paris thepast year has been re-elected fornext year.Speaking on the subject, "WhatKind of An Idea Is Yours?" Rev. C.H. Greer, pastor of the Paris Methodist church, delivered the commencement address Thursday at the Christian church. A program of musicalnumbers was presented by a Lexington orchestra. The invocation waspronounced by Rev. W". S. Cain, rector of St. Peter's Episcopal church.Twenty-eight graduates, twentygirls and eight boys, received diplomas. Miss Frances Jewell and Dr. J.C. Jones, both teachers at the ParisSummer Normal School, presentedthe diplomas to the girls and boysrespectively. Supt. Lee Kirkpatrickannounced that the Paris High Schoolfaculty will be increased next yearto include twelve High. School teachers and that several new courseswill be offered.Tjtie annual banquet and reunionof the Paris High School AlumniAssociation was held Thursday nightat the Y. M. C. A. building. FinnellW. Galloway presided as toastmaster.Mrs. Harry Linville, of the class of1905, delivered the address of welcome, the response being made byTJcsery Wilder,' of the class of 1921.Toasts were responded to by Mrs.Jehn Welsh on "InsignificantThings;" Mrs. F. B. Faulkner, '08,on "Dont's;" Charles Kenney, '18 on"Athletics;" and Dr. M. j. aiern,'06, on "Attitude." A duet was sungby Maurice Clark and Finnell Estes,'15, and solos by Mrs. iiiawara xPrichard, '04, Wm. E. Mitchell, '11,and Miss Josephine Fitlrian 21.The principal address was deliveredby Robert J. Breckinridge, of Lexington, on the subject, "What AnAlumni Association Should Mean ToA City Public School." Mr. Breckinridge emphasized the necessity ofconstant co-operation on the part ofthe almuni with the High School.Miss Alma Goldstein, '20, gave a toastto the class of 1921.BINDERS' TWINEVERY BEST BINDERS' TWINEAT 16 CENTS PER POUND.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.o .BASE BALL NOTESThe Cynthiana High School baseball team lost the Central Kentuckychampionship to the Mt. SterlingHigh School team at Mt. SterlingFriday, by a score of 10 to 1. Alarge crowd witnessed the game. Thewinning club, which has lost onlytwo contests, was presented with ahandsome silver loving cup by theMt. Sterling Chamber of Commerce.Patrons of the national game wnovisited the Second street ball parkSunday were rewarded by witnessing a good game, though somewhatone-sided in the matter of score,when the Paris Ruggles team defeated the Winchester team by the scoreof 12 to 3. Caparoni and Berrymanpresided on the hurling and receiving stations for Paris, and with, agood support behind them made everyriinv count. The Winchester team putup a game struggle, but the oddswere against them, ana tney wentdown in defeat, but with the knowledge that they had puf up a braveThe Paris Ruggles team will playthe Maysville team on the localgrounds next Sunday afternoon. TheTVTmrsnHllP. team has been nutting upja fine article of the national gamethrough the season, ana pairons oithe game may be assured of having agood run for their money when playis called.ktVOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.HARRY SIMON BUYS LEXINGTONBUSINESS HOUSE"Harry Simon, formerly of Paris,proprietor of Simon's ladies' ready-to-wearstore at 224 West Mainstreet, in Lexington, announcedWednesday that he had purchasedthe building which he now occupies.He also stated that he would immediately begin improvements whichwill make the store one oi xne Deotof its kind in this section.The property was purchased fromMrs. A. L. Wood, of Philadelphia,and the price paid was not madepublic The property fronts 24 feeton Main street and- extends back210 feet to Water street. Mr.Simon said that he intended to extend his store to Water street, making the building the full length ofthe lot. A glass roof will be so conistructed as to give perfect lighting.The improvements are expected tobe completed by this fall. Mr. Simon stated that his present businesswill not be interferred with duringthe remodeling.'EXTENSION WORK SCHEDULENine specialists from the Collegeof Agriculture have been scheduledfor work in various Kentucky counties during the coming week, according to an announcement made hy N.R. Elliott, leader of specialists.M. S. Garside, assistant State leader of Junior Agricultural Clubs, began his work in Bourbon county yesterday, and will be here to-day andto-morrow furthering the program ofactivities.oTO VISIT PYTHIAN H0M7Every year the Knights of Pythias,their wives, daughters, sisters anasweethearts pay a visit to theKnights of Pythias Orphans' Home,Tipar T.eTineton. and snend Sunday.The following call has been issued: J"All momhprs nf A. J. Lovely company, Uniform Rank, Knights otPythias, will meet in tneir uasiiHall, Wednesday night, June 15, atR-nn o'clock, to make arrangementsfor the yropoetd outing at the K. ofP. Orphans Home, in Lexington."MAYOR JANUARY CANDIDATEPOR RE-ELECTION TO OFFICEIn this issue of THE NEWS MayorE. B. January, who is just roundingout three and one-half years of hisfirst term as Mayor of Paris, announces his candidacy for re-electionto that office.Mayor January has made an excellent official, with an eye always outfor the best interest of the city, andof the taxpayers of the city. He hasbenn economical, prudent, safe andsane, in the conduct of the city's affairs, and has made it a point to always give the city the best of histalents and time in a business way.In seeking the Democratic nomination for the office Mayor Januarydoes so with a distinct appreciationof the trials and tribulations of thepast, and makes the solemn assertion,that, if elected, he will give the sametime and energy to the city's affairsas have marked his incumbency inthe past.oOne of the foremost real estatebrokers in Cincinnati is a woman.Announcement.FOR MAYOR.We are authorized to announce E.B. JANUARY as a candidate for reelection as Mayor of the City ofParis, Kentucky, subject to the action of the Democratic party, primary election August 6, 1921.Lostr-Somewhere on the streets of Paris,a black morocco hand bag containing ladies' wearing apparel, pair ofeyeglasses and articles of jewelry.The name of Mrs. B. D. Bosworth ontag attached to handle.Suitable reward for return to THE.NEWS office. (14-2t): M ' .XFor SaleHudson Sedan. Price $1,650.00.This is a bargain. (It)XIIIIICLOSING OUTSALE-IIIXIX.1111TO QUIT BUSINESS IWantedSalesmen for 6,000 mile guaranteed tires. Salary, $100.00 weekly,with extra commissions.COWAN TIRE & RUBBER CO.,Box 784, Chicago, His.BROOMSBROOMSReal High Class Broomson sale this week only$1.40 Office or WarehouseBroom95c$1.30 Medium Weight HouseBroom85c$1.25 Light Weight HouseBroom75cBe sure and buy one ofthese broomsLogan HowardThe Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 179Having decided to quit the grocery business,we are going to tell our entire stock ofGroceriesAt and BelowActual CostThis is a rare opportunity for you to securefirst class groceries at a great saving in price.Now is the time to stock your pantry.This sale started Monday morning and willcontinue until all goods are sold.All of our fixtures are for sale.W. N. DEERING & SON717 Main StreetIS!IX!;:-:k:-:iiXiiXBXiIXsSXi,"A. B. HANCOCKPresidentMARY K. TARR M. PEALE COLLIERV. Prtaidtnt Secy.-Treas11Going to Build?See Our Book of PlansGet Our EstimateI Let Us Furnish Your Needs in HighClass material and service1i11 ';4BOURBON LUMBER CO."2(Incorporated)Fourteenth and Main StreetsPARIS, KENTUCKYBoth Phones 1 22 'T.tr i M.. - ,-rjt isx.v. y!I ,.-w-tW ''.ii-Vr rruESDAY, june 14, 1921.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAM8, KEMTUCR1PAGE FIVBI Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseVOTE TOR PEAECE PATON.o-.WARNING TO THE PUBLICSecretary Harrison, of the Y. M.C. A., advises us that the public is-warned against one giving his nameas A. M. Morrison, and claiming toSe a Christian worker and evangelist,and solicitor for the Moody Bible Institute.JMrs. Harry L. Mitchell, and family,on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Ireland Davis arevisiting relatives in Augusta, Ky.Mrs. May Stoner Clay will sailSaturday from Montreal, Canada,for a summer tour of Europe.nn -rrr j 1 o. , . A moonlight fete and dance will toeJJSSS111s seuooi. . " : r vw "SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comimgs aad CUmjh of OurPeople Hwre, There andElsewAexcSPECIALSPECIAL PBICES ON BMDEES,LOWERS, RAKES, CULTIVATORSFARMERS SUPPLY CO.oCHOICE PLANTS POR IMMEDIATEDELIVERY.We have on sale at our store,celery plants and late cabbage plants.(14-2t) LAVE & CONNELL.oT: AUTO STOLEN.Auto thieves are busy again.Clarence Henry, residing near Paris,reported to the police Saturday afternoon the disappearance of his machine, a Ford, bearing license tagNo 10870, which he had left parkednear the Kress Store, corner ofSixth and Main.. 0SUSTAINS PARALYTIC STROKEMrs. Mattie Alevrson, of Richmond, sustained a slight storke ofparalysis at her home last week. Sheias just passed her seventy-eighthbirthday. Mrs. Alverson is themother of J. M. Alverson, of Bouroon county. Mr. Alverson has beenin Richmond at the bedside of hismother, who is reported as beingslightly improved.0ON TOBACCO COMMITTEESamuel Clay, of near Paris, hasbeen selected as a member of the Organization Committee of the new3urley Tobacco Marketing Association, now in course of formation.Announcement of the enlargement ofthe committee from five to twentyfive members has been sent out fromthe offices of the Association in Lou.sville. The original five members ofthe Committee were Judge RobertBingham, Ralph M. Parker, James C.Stone, of Louisville, John T. Collins,cf Paris, and Wm. E. Simms, of"Woodford county., M, O ' ' -r' CEMENT!J. If. DeTltTITl in in Xnif Parnlinoon a business trip connected with thetobacco markets.Mrs. W. E. Board has returnedto Louisville, after a visit to Mr. andHire, owut vnamp.J. Harvev Hibler has returned tohis home in Midway after a visit tofriends and relatives in Paris and thecounty.Mr. and Mrs. J. Fred Hill andsons, Frank and James Hill, of Paris,HAVE JUST UNLOADED PRESHCAR CEMENT.(22apl-tf) CHAS. S. RRENT & RRO.o-BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe June term of Bourbon CircuitCourt will convene on Monday morning, June 20, for a two-weeks session, with Judge Robert L. Stoutpresiding. The docket is made up ofthe following: Commonwealth cases,37; equity appearances, 63; ordinaryappearances, 33; old equity appearances, 316; old ordinary oppearances, 80.The Commonwealth, docket will beconsiderably increased after the convening of Court, as there are eighteen examining trials awaiting actionTy the Grand Jury. This promises tobe a very busy term of Court, withninety-six appearances in additionto the old cases.INJUNCTION SUIT AGAINST PARISWATER CO.The injunction suit filed againsttte Paris Water Co. to prevent localconsumers from getting their watercut off and alleging that the newschedule of rates is excessive, is expected to come before the BourbonCircuit Court during the June term,"which starts June 20. A large number of the consumers paid their water rents for the present quarter tothe Deposit Bank as trustee of thewater collections made by the Commercial Club. Injunction suits werefiled by the Commercial Club forsomething like 500 consumers whoare uniting in the fight against the"water company's new scehdule.WOOL WANTEDMrs. CharltiS; aia- qo J attended the High School commence-m,c i . tt-"";' . 'ment in Versailles, last week.6"roi bcwoi uays ie past weeic orfriends in Iiouisville.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Stern, are inBirmingham, Ala., for a visit of severa weeks with relatives.Mr. and TWrR. TnTin A nnnta .9Cypress street, will leave this weekau. cAicuueu siay in California.Mr. and Mrs. William Wilder, ofLouisville, were week-end guests ofMr. and Mrs. George Wilder, in thiscity.Miss Velma Nisins has returnedI lu ner nome m Franfcfort after avisit to Miss Alease Heller, on Sec-ona street.Miss Janet Lusk, of Avondale,West, Va., is a guest of her fatherRobert Lusk, and Mrs. Lusk, onStoner avenue.Misses Elizabeth Rion and Elizabeth Arnold, of Latonia, are guests ofMiss Sena Rion, at her home on Fifteenth street.John VanMeter Woodford hasreturned from tke Culver Military Institute, at Culver, Indiana, for hissummer vacation.Miss Louise Collins has returnedfrom Science Hill College, in Shelbyville, to spend the summer vacation with relatives.Mrs. Lon Smedley, of Paris, whohas been ill at the Massie MemorialHospital for several weeks, has beenremoved to her home.Lon Tribble, who has been confined to his bed for several weeksby a serious illness, is able to sit upand take nourishment.Mr. and Mrs. John K. Smithand daughter, Mrs. Malcolm McG-las-son,of Dayton, Ky., were guests ofParis relatives Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Potts andMr. Stephens, of Mt. Sterling, attended the June dance given at the Masonic Temple, Friday night.Harry Booth, former Parisian,now residing in Birmingham, Ala.,is a guest at the home of Mr. andMrs. A. J. Fee, where his wife hasbeen visiting some time.Courier-Journal: "Mr. ClarkeLamp ton, of Paris, Ky., spent lastweek with his mother, Mrs. FrankLampton, in the Alexandria apartments." Misses Alice Montgomery andMartha Talbott, of Paris, wereguests of Miss Mary Lawless Gatewood, in Mt. Sterling, for the dancelast week.Mrs. Mary Burns and Miss AnnaPatton have returned to their homesin Nepton, after a visit to the former's brother, T. E. Patton, of Walker avenue, in this city.Mrs. William Spencer and children, of Huntington, West Virginia, 1are guests at the home of the former sparents, Mr. and Mrs. WilliamSchrote, on Scott avenue.Miss Evelyn Friedman, studentat the University of Kentucky, hasreturned to spend her summer vacation in this city with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. B. Friedman.Mr. and Mrs. John A. Bowerand Miss Laura Lilleston, of Paris,attended the Haynes-Mayer weddingin the Church of the Resurrection,of "PArntiaTik. Ohio. Saturday evening.Robert Smith has returned fromthe Staunton, Va., Military Academy,where he has been a student, to spendthe summer vacation in this citywith his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Joe B.Smith.Mrs. Sophia Ewalt Kiser, whohas been in charge of one of the departments at the Kentucky Collegefor Women, at Danville, has returned to Paris, to spend the summermonths. , , ,The next meeting of the GardenClub will be held at the Home oi Mrs.Tflm Mrninrp. on Vine street, Wednesday afternoon, June 15, when aninteresting program win e pic-sentedMaysville Bulletin: "Mr. FredThomas, of the Murray & ThomasMonumental Works, whose headquarters are in Paris, was in Maysville last week on business connectedwith his firm." .Brinch Meinertz, of Paris, hasgone to Saratoga Springs, NewYork where he will superintend alarge contract installing trees - andshrubbery on the property owned byE. F. Simms, of Paris.Prof. Lee Kirkpatnck, Supenn--,... nf rhe. Paris City Schools,left Saturday morning for Hickman.ment in Versailles, last week.Mrs. Emory Goodwin and JohnAllen, of Lexington, were among theguests at a dinner-bridge given inParis, Friday evening, by JohnKriener.Mrs. Sallie Johnson Burgin,well-known to many Paris people,has accepted the. position of socialhostess at Crab Orchard SpringsHotel for this season. This famousold resort has been taken over by newmanagement.Miss Mildred Collins, of Paris,(one of the June brides-elect, was aguest Friday afternoon at a tea givenat the home of Mrs. Albert Shouse,in Lexington, by the alumnea of theKappa Kappa Gamma fraternity; ofthe University of Kentucky.Mrs. W. E. Ellis has returnedfrom Glasgow, where she had been itthe bedside of her brother, T. P. Dickerson. Mr. Dickerson has been seriously ill in a hospital at that placefollowing an operation for appendicitis, but is now improving.Mrs. Cordie Parker was reportedlast night as being dangerously illat the home of Mr. and Mrs. W. T.Talbott. Mrs. Parker had been illfor some time, but was improvingfor a while.Mrs. James W. Thompson willentertain this (Tuesday) afternoonat 4:30 o'clock, at her country homenear Paris, with an afternoon tea inhonor of Miss Wilhemina Comstock,of Ontario, Canada, who is a guestof Miss Lila D. Smith, of Lexington.Fred M. Fister, of Paris, wastaken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, Saturday, where he underwenta successful operation for appendicitis, performed by Drs. Kenney &Stockinger, of Paris. He was reported yesterday as resting comfortably.Mesdames J. Miller Ward, 3".Quincy Ward, Charlton Alexander,James Thompson, A. B. Hancock,Ben F. Buckner, Frank Fithian, andLouis Rogers, of Paris, and Julian G.Allen, of Millersburg, attended thebridge-tea given last week in Frankfort, by Mrs. Sherman Goodpaster,in the river barge, "Summer Girl.J. Miller Ward, Jr., SamuelClay Ward and Carey Ward wereamong the guests Saturday eveningat a dinner assembly given at uieCountry Club, near Lexington, byMrs. Charles S. Brent, in honorof her charming young niece, MissRosa Nelson Mason, of Charleston,West Va.John T. Collins, who has beenseriously ill for some time withheart trouble, and who was thoughtto be improving, was taken suddenlyill yesterday and was for a timethough to be in great danger. Twophysicians were called in attendanceand the patient given every atten-tirm.Mrs. A. B. Hancock entertained(delightfully Saturday afternoon ather home, corner of Eighth andPleasant streets, with bridge, inhonor of Mrs. J. Miller Ward and herguests, Miss Rosa Mason and PhillipSpeed, of Charleston, W. Va. Twotables of players enjoyed the games,and refreshments were served.Mrs. John Wesselman, of Paris,entertained with a dinner party Inhonor of Miss Mattie White, of Blwood, Indiana, who is the guest ofMrs. C. S. Wesselman. The homewas beautifully decorated withsweet peas and poppies. A largenumber of guests from Paris andother places were in attendance.H. B. Orr, of Paris, member ofthe 1921 graduating class of theCollege of Engineering of the University of Kentucky, will leave July1 for Pittsburg, Pa., where he willtake a responsible position with theArmstrong Cork Company. He willbe accompanied by another memberof the class, W. D. Thompson, of Falmouth.WE ARE IN THE MARKET EORWOOL. CALL AND GET SACKS.R. B .HUTCHCRAFT & CO.o''COMMUNITY NIGHT" FOR PARISTo-night (Tuesday) will be Community Night" in Paris, when a bigPublic meeting will be held at thcourt house, to be preceded, in allProbability, by a band concert on thecourt house steps. Following theconcert, which will start at 7:30o'clock, a meeting will be held in theCircuit Court room, to be addressedby John H. Snuff, of Cincinnati, O.Previous to Mr. Shuff's address amusical program will be presentednndPr tYia Airnntin-n nf "Prnf. A. Ii.Boatright, including solos and community singing. Special song sheetshave been ordered for the occasion,and the community singing is expected to be one of the most enjoyable features of the meeting.Mr. Snuff, who is one of the leading figures in community development work in this section of thecountry, is a highly" interesting lecturer, and will emphasize in his ad-cress the need of paries ana yijSround developmemt in Paris. JudgeDu4o, a member of the CommumityService committee will be chairmanof tke meeting. The meetiaaiaIree an open to the general pMican a large attendance in expected.Ky ' where he will be engaged fortwo weeKS in cuuuui-wb 7institute for Western Kentucky.Miss Ruth Raymond Adair, Hasreturned from Ursaline Convent, inBrown County, Ohio, and ie ; nowwith Mrs. Carrie Iarue Woodford ther county home, on the Winchesterroad, near Paris. -Mrs. E. C. Slack, Mrs. RobeAllison and children, miss -Boulden and Duane &' asson county, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Robert Meteer, at their countryhome, near Paris.Mrs. George I Rankin, whosuffered a broken arm in an auto accident near Paris .several days agorial nuopii. r. -- . OQmPfered a broken knee cap at "? -"--ti?s able to be about on crutches.j -Mrr, To v n-wslev. Mrs.johR Owens, Mr. and Mrs. RankinMastin, and Master Albert H intonOwsley motored to Ctovmgton Sundav and were guests for the w Jlill: and Mrs. W. J. Huffman. Mr.and Mre. Mastin remained for a longer visit.Mrs. George" M. Perkins i andaughter. Mi Be Perkin. of Ashland Kt Mr. Alex Duke, win. vMa. &JEg'gCoffey and fcula BEL2S.ifcUna, nave returne dto ttgi r rePtire nome after a fiait to mt. anaPretty is aspretty does, andby this same tokena man's suit isonly good inthe way thatit serves.The Palm Beachthat loses itsgood looks aboutthe second wearing. is a little less goodthan nothing.A Davis PalmBeach Suit growsold gracefully.$18 or $20buys one.smumamSUmM&SS1''mimx!iPMfMMlfMliMtiMfMMmiiBllfUllPHMITHERE ARE SO MANYExceptional Values We are Offering that it is Difficultto Mention Them.I flpff fill Jp)m I! I Bk: I 1 bloch sumSErkiJbhmesh ai -.. ramm-4 1To Give You a Geieral Idea We'llList a Few AnywayMedium Weight SuitsFor Men and Young Men Suits that can beworn the year around at greatly reducedprices$12.50, $15, (18, (20, $22.50Light Weights Suitsof Mohair, Palm Beach and TropicalWorsteds$10.00, $12.50,$15.00 to $27.50Panama, Leghorn, Milan,Madagascarvrraw Hats$2.85, $3.50, $4.00 and $5.00Also Shoes, Oxfords, Underwear, Pajamas. Everything most reasonablypriced. If you are contemplating taking a vacation it will be worth your whileto get our prices on Suit Cases, Trunks and Hand Bags.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Home"LCall Our Store "Home"Automatic Refrigerators!We have just received this great refrigerator andare now ready to deliver them. Come in and getyours atjmce.s JI iKJHfm fionilit .AUTOMATIC-awrWjSSX&S-ysMs&SJliHit. BMVBHBBk.RKFRIGKRATORSIf it comesDoiVisH mk rkihtWe have handled the Automatic Refrigerator for yearsand never have we had a SINGLE DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER !This is the greatest food preserver and iqe saver madeand is the only refrigerator made with the water bottle onthe front of the refrigerator. Come in and let us explainto you this wonderful refrigerator.THE J. T. HINTON COCITHEWIIOHE KPARIS. KENTUCKYIA I VVUf hwhiMotor HoarseMotor litvaftd Coach UndsrtakmgKH-a-ISVi , ,ftt:,.'tI'w!4ftr.-.r.m: .?FfcfcdfliutVfIfr- --BE7iXj -ui.' it ,,.:T rAGSSDTTHE BOURBON NEWS, ftTUESDAY, 'JUNE I44Mi:MBWGHTEFCEVENINGSA &gNf. J,Just Historyla 76 US'Ike Ctleaial SaneSmm ktr LttkBy Guile fame.Im 1M0Im Crimolime bright,Ske greeted ker gneitsBy Coal (hi ligkt. ,lad later tm,How time doei vats -Her home was litBy iickerimg Gas.Brt tike ta f to-dayWko wamta ker ktae bright,Jmit presses a bitttnAmd has Electric light.EARTH NOT SUCH BIG PLACE AFTER ALL!ii.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Ellis' Tea RoomThe Home of Good HomeCooked MealsDr. Harlow Shapley, astronomerwho recently came to Harvard fromthe Mt. "Wilson Observatory in California, announces that he has madecertain discoveries that reveal theuniverse to be 1,000 times greaterthan ever before conceived of by scientists. By so doing he has relegated theearth to a place 1,000 times less important than it has heretofore occupied, and instead of being in the"center of things," as has been understood heretofore, he now estimatesit to be something like 360,000,000,-000,000,000,000,000 miles from thecenter of the universe.Dr. Shapley is a comparativelyyoung astronomer, yet lie has won ahigh place of authority in the science.QOiUlP ; "S ;?3"CT"i S k- W $Ha V B T n m Sit .111 mt MaV V,!Mtttww.LBrtiJUr-a.i & f nft. zWhen the body begins to stiffen3nd movement becomes painful itla ususUy an indication that thekidney $ &re out of ortfer Keepthese organs healthy by takingrm ir? -v.ik.?K.VJE,naye-The world's standard remedy for Ul4ney,liver, hladdsr end uric aci-t troubles.Famous sines 1CG0. Take rejuiarly andkeep in gcod health. In three rfze-s, alldruggirts. Guaranteed t3 represented.Look ar &e asr:t Gr'-J 5'ecUl on ttvosy WxAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65cper meal on week days75cper meal on SundaysMeal Tickets(21 MEALS)2 Meals per Day $8.501 Meal per Day $9.50Regular Board (3 mealsper day) $8.001 ELUS TEA DOOMOpposite Csart House.PAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ONPaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.The Best Goods at theBest Prices.See Us Before You Buy.VARDEN -I SONDruggists Both PhonesjThoroughbred. aaw-SSTSxsfcteTi '-vj'v. . -Horse?J V "" ' (G rt to CwfriniaJune 4h to Jury 9thSfolees:SaSkariar.umruMOeBwsjBBB9esssjr Kutmm wirII li.Jtth1 1 1 1. jnyHWf STBBSatavday, June 3HkTx xsxmosojy fabdassof the hoaa on dlcKxind,4icacccIk3pcofthepJbook and Improvaf accommodations for patront combine to insure the success ofthe meeting at the popularLatocm Course.Those who visit, TtrMthis month will enjoy thefinest sport in its history.iunsttMisKjaoijxcky JodceyQdb! trsrflHMHHi Hi'J IWv. Jr h ImmvmMJ "rfjTT Ijw, Ky, Coon"LOCAL NEWS OF URST IMPOE-TANCEmPAPEE""A man's home town should -bethe most important place in theworld to him and if it is he wantsto know what his neighbors are doing," James M. Ross, managing editor of The Lexington Leader, toldthe Kentucky Press Association atits annual midsummer meeting mDanville. He spoke on the subject"The Importance of Local News."Mr. Ross led a round tablediscussion on the subject during whichthe editors present expressed theirviews. 'In his talk, Mr. Ross expressed theopinion that local news is the mostimportant news, in its actual value tothe newspaper and. commonly declaring that "everybody is'more concerned with what occurs in their owntown than what is going on in aState a thousand miles away."He said in part: "A man's hometown should be tbe most importantplace in the world to him and hisfamily. If it is, he wants to knowwhat his neighbors are doing. Hisonly way of learning is by reading anewspaper. Therefore, the newspaper must tell him the happenings."Members of this body everyoneof them print items in every issueof their paper which to an outsiderare not worth using, but to the person or family to which such itemsrefer to their neighbors, to everybody who knows them are of muchinterest."If Bill Jones puts some paint onhis barn and the paper prints it BillJones will be interested in seeinghis name in print; liis neighbors willtalk about the improvement, while'among the advertisers there arethose who will read such, an itemand reach for a date book to haveBill Jones 'seen in regard to his possibilities as a customer for morepaint, for a plow, for an automobile,for a monkey wrench, or possibly hsto buying his wife a new dress andso on through the course of all human activity,"AH over .the country, there is atendency on the part of the most important newspapers to play up localnews. Stories are placed on frontpages that are not worth that important place in the final summingup of news values, but because theywill interest people of the town andcommunity. Everybody is more concerned with what occurs in theirown town than what is going on ina State a thousand miles away, orin a country three thousand milssdistant. Of course, all importantnews of such States and countriesmust be given, too, to make a complete newspaper, but it is the 'homestuff that people want."oSALYATION ARMY WARNSAGAINST IMPOSTEESGoodrich lire Pricesreduced P centThe last word in Qualityxne best word in rnceSlLVEJOOWVCOtoSfr:lifeBpl KS1SB MLXT AMi-Skid Safety Iwa "rUmST; cMil HilfS $32.90 Z.9Qr'rL EI IB Hm "l! $41-85 Q.5St- fWrn IH9 i H3.1Q 330i:' -Wm EmU 324k g47.3Q MSOi HI ' fiilm 33 H8.4Q J65:".-?vv' B : iJWCT 49.65 p-A Sp j lIMS 35S Hl.9Q tebl- 1HW JBfJSf l-popmo t&t4SmMl ffff fiP "fe3agl3AS stfay 334-2&3flGoodrich 3(r3l-A warning against impostors whowear Salvation Army uniforms andmake house to house and street corner collections in various parts of the iUnited States for their own use, hasjust been issued by Brigadier HerbertRoberts, of Cincinnati, commandingthe Western Ohio and Kentucky division of that organization.Thousands of dollars have thusbeen collected during the last year.It has been found necessary in several cases to make arrests.Through its Home Service Program plan the Salvation Army is trying to raise its budget this year,without resorting to tampourine andhouse to house collections. By meansof one intensive "drive" in eachcommunity the Salvationists hope torealize their quota, without submitting the public to the annoyance ofcontinuous collections.Community Advisory Boards havebeen organized in seventy cities andtowns in Brigadier Roberts' territory, with about 60 more to be formed. These are additional to thethousands of Boards already successfully functioning in other States.The Community Boards are the connecting link between the city and thecountry whereby the Salvation Armyintends to extend its expert servicesto the rural regions, which heretofore have benefitted by the Salvationists only indirectly.Members of thes Boards, who arethe leading citizens of their communities are raising funds for the Salvation Army and acting as its representatives in reporting to it caseswhich they are unable to solve at;at home.. oGnly One fM of Worth.Hot what we have, or know, or vnwtat we do, but what w are 4hqtAptMBuneB our worth, Qnat vntvent-tMM Know this. See thir mottocDofe motto is H)uaeciimQae sunt vera.(Whatsoever tilings aie true.) Anqther one Is The truth shall maktto; free." Another, "Culture mxilflourish under the law of God." A&otter, "Culture without character toft ymta. thing." Exchange.1. One quality2. Extra size3. Specially designed4. oAnti-skid5 Fair price-$ue Tbinb of TxcellenczThe name of Goodrich on a tire meansone qoafityonly. Like all other Goodrichtires this 30x3i is one quality. This standard is a fixed principle, and that qualitymust be the best our resources, skill andexperience can-produce.THEJB. F. GOODRICH fiUBBER COMPANYodflrmt, OhioFAMOUS MAYSVUUS DISTILLERYIS SOLDThe Limestone Distillery, of Maysville, owned for more than fiftyyears by James .H. Rogers & Co.,Maysville, has been sold to SamuelFriedman, and others, of Cincinnati,who become owners of the entireplant and 800 barrels of whisky inbond. The transaction involvesabout $120,000. It is understoodthe liquor is to be bottled as soon aspossible and moved to Cincinnati,while the plant will be overhauledand put in condition at once to be-igin the manufacture of whisky formedical use.CORNSLift Off with Fingers1 1Th Mrk hovw.oa can often med broken dlshejjlgd broken frlendenips, ,Jnend enDpetty goody Mtld a wise woman; 4,brrtthey're never Just the game againthe place where the break was is rare.t ihc. Anybody that caree m mup- Mixuiy wluol xnenosnipe as I do,cstwfnl in handlhi' both of 'em?Steeping SIckneis.Medical experts disagree In theirconcmsions as to the exact nature 61sleeping sickness. Some forms, o?pinf sicxness" are notbrain fever, while others Indlisymptoms much similar tomeningitis. Physicians advise cutA.against undue exposure to the dtasjSinritil more exact knowledfe T15cause Is ascertained.No Shortagt.1 rented a, house in the Street tjCDreams," slugs a poet Well, jsvemf :pest can pay the rent of that kind efa konse. Boston Transcript.North Carolina's first woman lawyer was licensed to -practice atmLJ oiDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tir.y bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard con, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe. cnPuses, without soreness or irritaticD. .(ad7oWhen It Falls.It Isn't tins that men will dottdns- lor money, some wont wfor it. PtStsborgh Gazette-Times.DOWN WITH THE!PRICESHenry Ford has come tothe rescue again with asubstantial cut in pricesof all Cars and Trucks.Now Js the time to buy acar.Come in and let us tellyou about itRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYIgllllllllMHall's Catarrh MedietasThose .who are is a "fua down" co&dlBST wfll motice that Catarrh botharathem much more thak when they ere laDa nsaitn. tui race Droves tnat.whutarra is a local disease',, it k sjeatly,uca dt oonsuiuuoaaiQoaonioas.jlati, UATARRH MEUlCUfM iSc Jtna Biooa miriner. and atse'Sieoa vpon the mucous surseees ef,sae soot, uus reaucmr tne lnsaaadreeeprlac normal conditloas.u encxiexs. uircuiars cres -7. J. Cesser eV Ce...Tc4eo, OMo.the consequent shortage1 of teachers 1in rural communitiesno lees than36,0000 schools throughout theAVlLLIAM K. HAGAN (ybNARCHITECTS & ENGINEERSFlCT NATIONAL BANKPa.e.1-. Ky.lillllllKllllllllllllllllllllllHlllllllllllllllllilllllllillHHIIIinillll!!!!!!,!,,!!!,,!,WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentstlian all otker dealers in Central Kentucky. No agenti:ItoaxnMMions. Guaranteed quajHtr.THE MURRAY e THOMAS CO.,i-iv -7tMM1V MntTUltVmKaleigh in-im.eountry have bejin-cloeee. xQTHkl BOPMKHf :f NaTfjaANNOUNCEMENTS.SSSSSECalGrace Halsey Mills, Well-KnownFOB STATE SENATORWe are authorize to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMidletown, as a candidate for theoffi of State Senator fropa theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the countiee of Bourbon,Glark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at thapolls.Shakespearean Actress, Coming 1!tr 'f TS-Lii.totsday, jinn ,14, ilrMMmmmn:r:;:. O l mperm "n . 141- Ml I 1 I BBBrBBBB -SBBBBBKBBBBBBBBBMBBBBBBBBBBB 1 I IHIIIII' IIS 1.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAMMM H. THOMPSON, of Parte, ascaaeUdate for re-election as RepeeealatlTe from BGurbon County intie Lower House of the KentuckyLetelature, subject to the action ofthe roters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbor. county, in theLower House of the Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action of thevoters of the county in the primaryelection to be held on August 6,1921.BiBBBBESBBBBBBBBHlBflBBBBBBBHBnBBBBBBBBBL Vffi.HlEBpsMRsiawiBTBBBBBflBBeBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflR&S3srtttSHeKlEeHalHHKneBSHfl&ss9flFOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself aa acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty, at the Primary Election inAusoat, 1821. When electedSherl my Deputies will be "Bob"&ilkey and "Doug" Thomaa, Sr.PEALE COLLIER.K. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon Coumty, reepectfully solicit! your aupport and innueace. Dart E. Clark ant W. Fred Link,DeB.FOR COUNTY CLERKWe are authorized tc announce.fflMlCW PATON as .a candidate lorfttHC Ot tfct Bourbon County Court,eofject to the Democratic primaryaction, to be held on Saturday,Aaaiat 6, IS 21.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,-subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to thescticn of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,1921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in hi3 candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announceW. O- BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate for the office of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action ofthe TOters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.GRACE HALSEY MILLS.lS?20r2Pe B18 mu of New York City, whe will appear here as BosaUndlB As Yon Like It" at the Redapth Chautauqua, has for many years interpreted leading roles fer the Ben Greet Players. She is thoroughly experienced and rarely sifted in Shakespearean portrayals.AS Boealind ahe is generous, womanly, charming, capricious -everythingthat Shakespeare painted in his pen picture of this delightful heroine.Her exceptional art Is characterized by beauty, strength, intelligence andfeminine charm.Miss Mills is only one of an. exceptionally strong cast of Ben Greet Players who win appear here.CAN'T RECOMMENDIT TOO HIGHLYMiller Was Forced By StomachTrouble and Rheumatism ToGive IFp His BusinessFOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTERCLARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticparty.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANKD3 SD3ENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August. They respectfully ask your support.AESOP'S FABLES MODERNIZEDFOR SCREENDown through the ages Aesop'sFables have been classics for readingamong the young and the old. Now,a cartoon. comedy version of"Aesop's Fables Modernized," drawnby Paul Terry, is announced for earlyscreen presentation, by Fables Pictures, Inc., with Pathe. as the distributor. The tales of the ancientfabulist posses a facinatingJ charm, which makes them just as enj tertaining to-day as when they were1 first written.With comedy treatment the ster"Nothing ever helped me until I ling stories of Aesop are born anewgot Tanlac, and that's saying a good for to-day's audiences. Cartoonistdeal, for I have been trying for Terry calls the pictures "Sugar Coateight years to get relief," said Robt. ed Pills of Wisdom," which suggestsMiller, 419 Market street, Louisville, the delightful amusement appeal.Ky. Mr. Miller who was forced to The animal characters in the fablesretire eight years ago on account of are unusually well humanized, withill health, but is now feeling so well just enough exaggeration of funnyhe is thinking of going back in bus- ( characteristics and grotesque maniness again. nerisms to maintain a humorous vein."Yes, sir, for eight years before I Although,' in situation and actionbegan taking Tanlac I had suffered the comedy element is ever present, itfrom rheumatism and stomach in no way over-shadows the moraltrouble," said Mr. Miller. "The rheu-1 upon which Aesop built his tales.matism was principally m my legs The skillful handling of this eleand back, and was so bad I could ment rather accentutates the centralhardly walk without a cane and if idea working up to a rapid-laughI stooped over the pain in my back climax.was' so severe it was all I could do to Next to the Bible, more copies ofkeep from crying out. My stomach Aesop's Fables have been read thanwas so badly upset near everything any other book known to civilizedI ate hurt me, .and I could not eat man. These stories have been transany solid food at all. I usually en- t iated into every known tongue. Thejoyed my evening meal more than appeal of these stories is universal,any other, but most of the time I in motion picture form they shoulddared not eat anything at all at that prove very popular. Here is a motiontime, for if I did I would suffer from picture film that can be shown beit all night long. I had lost so fore any audience with most happymuch weight and was in such bad results.condition I was greatly worried over , Beginning June 19th, Fables Pictthe outlook. 'ures will be released at the rate of"One day I read where Tanlac had one a week through Pathe Exchange,had relieved a man who described inc The first release is entitledhis condition as being similar to.The Goose That Laid The Goldenmine, so I decided to try it myself, Egg," one of the most familiar, asand I am surely glad I did, for I am wen as fam0us in the Aesop volume,feeling better now than I have in !vears. mv rneumatism is an sone, omy stomach doesn't give me any moretrouble, and I can eat anything Iwant at any time of the day ornight and never have a particle of trouble from it afterwards. I sleep well, have gained several nounds in weight, and as I amistill taking Tanlac i am picking up,Home Proof, Here, There and Evcry-ana ieeiing oener ana uetter eveijrday. After what Tanlac nas nonefor me I don't think I can recommendit too highly." (adv)oiSTATE PRESS ASSOCIATIONELECTS OFFICERSFOR MAYORWe are authorized to announceCAPT. F. E. NELSON as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forMayor of Paris, Ky., subject to theaction of the Democratic voters mthe primary election, August 6,1921.FOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announceERNEST L. MARTIN as a candidatefor Police Judge of the City ofParis, Kentucky, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, tobe held on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN, of Paris, as a candidatefor Police Judge of the City of Paris,subject to the action of the votersin the primary election on August6, 1921.We aTe authorized to announceTHEODORE P. NIX, of Paris, as acandidate for Police Judge of theCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters at the primary election on August , 1921.We are authorized to announceROBERT S. PORTER, of Paris, as acxaftiaate for Police Judge of theCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters in the primary lectio ,o AugiMt , If 1LW. L. Dawson, editor of the Oldham Era, LaGrange, was elected president of the Kentucky Press Association at the closing session of theannual convention in Danville, Wednesday. G. B. Sneff, of the Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democrat, was electedvice-president, and L. S. Fitzhugh,of the Wilmore Enterprise, waschosen chairman of the executivecommittee. J. C. Alcock, DanvilleMessenger, was re-elected secretaryand treasurer.The Kentucky editors honoredHenry Watterson, veteran editor, byelecting him to life membership.President Dawson will appoint fourother executive committee members.The convention received an invitation from Jackson to hold the nextconvention there, but selection of themeeting place was postponed.GAnctnt "Chapman."In olden days there was a merchantwho would buy his stores in the cheepest market, loed them 'into a wagen,and drive about the country sellingwhere he could. He was known as achapman and the modern name Is derived from that word. As the msrchaaf a chief stock in trade was afftisl personality the word chap haslong meant a jolly fellow.where.Ten per cent, of the students inthe Christian College at Canton,China, are women. . , ., - 'When you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same everywhere,in 3,800 towns in the U. S. Fiftythousand people publicly thankDoan's. What other kidney remedycan give thisi proof of merit, honestlyand truth? Home testimony must betrue or it could not be publishedhere. Read this Paris recommendation. Then insist on having Doan's.You will know what you are getting:O. T. Sprake, contractor and carpenter, 304 Main St., says: "I havebeen a sufferer from kidney troublefor many years, but Doan's KidneyPills is the best medicine I haveever been able to find. They alwaysgive me fine relief and I can't recommend them too highly. I havebeenin bad shape at times m a"hd backached caused me to lay off work forseveral days. I was annoyed by secretions which contained a sandy sediment. Whenever I have any needfor such a medicine I use Doan's Kidney Pills and it doesn't take themlong to fix me up in good shape."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Sprake had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oeven Quarts of Wafer Fatal.Some years ago three Englishmenon a wager, decided to test their waterdrinking powers. The winner swatlewed twelve isjxarts, the second dranknine averts, lad the third consumedwwwwm. quura. aooa arter tneir remars,J able feat, however, they each died.. .; Tve tried them alEi.darnel7i1out ive Wte ae- iFnl through experimenting. No more switching!No more trying this and that It's Camels for me 4jevery time. "(They're so refreshing! So smooth! So mellow mild!Why? The answer is .Camels exclusive expertblend of choice Turkish and Domestic tobaccos?.iThere's nothing like it.No other cigarette you can buy gives you the realsure-enough, all-day satisfaction that comes from theCamel blend. Camel is the quality cigarette.Give Camels a tryout. Buy a pack today. Get yourInformation first hand, you'll tie to Camels, too.Camelfee.n. ...;"mozsT&ooMaacBv 'Mhxra MMeiiTti BK. J. REYNOLDS TcfocM C&Jesuits Brought Sugar Cane.,Sugar cane was introduced intoLouisiana from Santo Domingo by thtJesuits in 1751. The first refinedsugar was made by Antonio MendeaIn 1792, but the first refined sugar ona commercial scale was made in 1794by Btienne De Bore. The plantationsof these two planters now form a pariof the city of New Orleans.-ies it can Ibe dyedorcleanedThat tost year's suit orcan bm mads totikmmmw. Solidit porcol poof to-day.Swiss Geaners & DyersOOO Oth St. LafeviUv Ky.i r siCOALI have opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson SeedJ Mills. I willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burnsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal $5.50Heating Stove Coal $5.50otou Pay No MoreBut you getbetter corn flakeswhen you specifyPost Toastiesby name, and make sure thatthe grocer gives them to you.Never were suchflavor and crispness sealed up incorn flakes asyou obtain fromevery package ofPost ToastiesSold by grocers every where!Madefy Fostum Cereal Gxlnc, Battle Creek,Mich-i riW, J. HOWARDMiier aid Skipper of CoalEast BriitMlt ami Paris, Ky.Ham Phmt lttBecome a Saver!Buy a Lexington Utilities Bond and helpthe growth of the Blue Grass Community.Bonds sold at 90 either for cash or on a -monthlypayment plan.YIELD ,7.6We pay 6 per cent, interest on all monthlypayments, also refund the nominal Fed- 'eral Income Tax and the Kentucky State4-mill tax. Ask any employe.Lexington Utilities Companyx (Iacorf orated in Eantacky)15 West Main St. Lexington, Ky.ifrf41mi)viiwN ',V'"3S? ". "-a- V.V.'hri-K,-JZt &LiTUSBDAX, JTJNS 14, lttlh--iPAGE EIGHTTTUB BOURBON NBWS, PAWS, KBEfTOCKtWLLERSBURGRELIGIOUS.Miss Lucile Pruitt and brotherare Tisiting relatives in Stanford.Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Judy, of Lexington, were visitors here Friday.Miss Alma Hurst, of Lexington,is visiting Mr. and Mrs. 0. E. Hurst.Mr. and Mrs." W. A. Butler arevisiting Miss Julia Howe, in Covington. Mrs. Nona Patterson and son, ofPineville, are guests ,of Mrs. JesseLetton.Mr. Louis Vimont, of Newport,is visiting fcis mother, Mrs. MarthaVimont.Children's Day will he observedat the Christian church Sundaymorning.Misses Bush, Allen, and Margaret Letton are visiting friends inWinchester.Mrs. Wadell Beeding has returned from a visit to relatives in Whitesville, Tenn.Mrs. O. E. Hurst and littledaughter, Margaret, have returnedfrom a visit with her sister in Muncie, Ind.Mr. Julian Allen spent theweek-end with his wife, who is visiting her mother, Mrs. Guy Briggs, inFrankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Warner Lowe andMr. and Mrs. Roy Lowe united withthe Christian church Sunday morning by letter.Misses Katherihe Tarr and MabelFisher were delegates from thePresbyterian church to the ChristianEndeavor convention in Danville.Mrs. James Hicks and children,of Lexington, are visiting Miss RuthMcClintock. I Mrs. Hicks was formerly Miss Mildred Kemper, who lived here,Mrs. Mamie Hunter and daughter, Miss Patty, have returned totheir home in Mason county, after avisit with Mrs. A. S. Best. Theywere accompanied home by Miss SaraMiller Best,Mr. R. M. Caldwell, who hasbeen a citizen of Millersburg for thepast twenty-five years, has sold outhis interests here and moved with hisfamily to Lexington, to make theirfuture home. Mr. Caldwell hasi. on -jtiTro intprpst in the wel-fare of the town and community, ,and he will be missed, not only as acitizen, but by Amity Lodge, No. 40,F. and A. M., of which he was afaithful member. We wish him success in his new home and commendhim to the citizens of Lexington.. DTHE DAY'S BEST STORYRobert N. Johnson, Paris insuranceagent, is not a bit superstitious, buthe does admit he was a trifle nervousthe other night, while motoring onthe Lexington pike, near Paris. Thecar was purring along the boulevard softly with all cylinders working perfectly and nothing save thesounds of Nature to disturb the auietof the evening.Save for Mr. Johnson the car wasunoccupied, Suddenly from me rearseat came a voice apparently avoice exclaiming "who, who. Mr.Johnson stopped his car to investigate. Finding no one there andSlinking his ears had deceived him,he proceeded again, when the sameplaintive challenge came from therear seat, "who, who."Convinced this time that he hadnot been mistaken and determinedto solve the mystery, he stopped thecar, and arming himself with a club,j rtftrmurh search, of the car.His efforts were rewarded by thediscovery of a large owl perched onthe rear seat. Mr. Johnson capturedthe bird and brought it to Paris,presenting it to I. W. Bush the Lexington Herald correspondent, who- has added it to his already extensivecollection. "Jamie Butler and TheOwl" of our school days had nothingon the mystery that surrounded Mr.Johnson's visitor." ARev. C. H. Greer, pastor of theParis Methodist church, spent Sunday at Lynch. Ky.. where he delivered the opening address at the new jMethodist church. Rev. Greer, whilePresiding Elder of that district, waslargely, instrumental in raising thefunds necessary to ' build the newchurch.Memorial services were held recently at the Methodist church fortwo former members of tne church,Mrs. Ella Fothergill January, wife ofMayor E. B. January, and Mrs. BaileyArkle, both of whom had been prominently identified with all the goodworks of the church. Appropriateresolutions were drawn up andadopted.Thursday from 9:40 a. m. to ap. m. the elementary Sunday Schoolworkers of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch, South, are to be guests ofRev. J. E. Moss and his congregationfor an all-day institute at Nicholas -ville.Mrs. G. E. Cameron, conference elementary superintendent, willpreside, assisted by the council president, Mrs. H. A. Power, of Pafis.The Rev. C. H. Greer, president ofthe conference board; Mr. Dennis V.Snapp, the field secretary, and district secretaries from each of the fivedistricts are expected to attend.ALwIOGwpahouseA I A2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 030l !MATRIMONIAL.The following announcementcards have been issued:"Mrs. E. J. Lee announces themarriage of her daughter, CoraGladys, to Mr. John P. Maher, Wednesday, June the first, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, Paris, Kentucky."THE NEWS had advanced information yesterday of a weddingwhich, it was stated by the bashfulgroom-to-be, was scheduled for today, but which he asked the newsmen not to report until after it hadtaken place. The principals are awell-known young bank clerk and aneauallv well-known 'young woman,who was the past term a member ofthe Paris High School faculty. Ofcourse, it will come out later on, butwe like to be accommodating, anafor the reason mentioned, have notgone into details.Today and TomorrowMaurice Toumeur TREASURE ISLANDBy Robert Louis StevensonA marvelous picture of the greatest adventure story ever written. A PARAMOUNT ARTCRAFT PICTURE. One of theloved stories of all literature. Thrillingly re-created ! With a huge cast, including Shirley Mason and Lon Cnaney.In Addition WednesdayParamouat-Sennett Comedy, "A Fireside Brewer"bestIn Addition TuesdayRuth Roland, in "The Avenging Arrow"And Pathe News tand Topics of the DayThursday, June 16INOWEN MOORE "the chicken in the case"Many a man has found himself in a precarious condition on account of a girl but wait unil you see what happened to OwenMoore. It's pure unadulterated farce, concocted for laughing purposes and the longer ic lasts the more you 11 laugh and it lastsover an hour.ADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c. CHILDREN AND GALLERY ISc PLUS 2c WAR TAX, ZOcHandsomely engraved invitations, worded as below, have beenissued by Mrs. Daniel Lawson Moore,of Harrodsburg, announcing the approaching marriage of her daughter, Miss Minnie Ball Moore, to Dr.Wm. Bell Goddard:"Mrs. Daniel Lowson Moorerequests the pleasure ofCompany at the marriage of herdaughterMinnie BalltoDoctor William Bell Goddardon Thursday, the thirtieth of JuneOne thousand, nine hundred andtwenty-oneat half after, eight o'clock in theeveningat Mooreland HouseHarrodsburg, Kentucky."COLLINS DICKSON.v9DEATHS.A society event of Thursday willbe the marriage of Miss Sarah Mildred Collins, the charming daughterof Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collins, ofParis, to Stanley Smith Dickson, ofnear North Middletown, which willbe solemnized at the North Middletown Christian church at eighto'clock that evening. The ceremonywill be performed by Rev. Frank M.Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church. Both thebride-elect and the prospectivegroom are extremely popular with alarge circle of friends and acquaintances, to whom the plighting oftheir troth came as news of a mostpleasurable kind.by Rev. B. A. Dawes, father of thegroom, in the presence 01 only theimmediate members of the two families, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, assisting.The bride is one of the most charming and talented young women of thecity, a graduate of Transylvania College and of Wellesley College, inMassachusetts, and is prominent insocial, educational and club circlesof the city and State. She is a sister of Miss Helon Jlutchcraft, and thelate Capt. Reuben Hutchcraft.The groom is p so1 ot Rev. ard Mrs.B. A. Dawes, of B-yantsvUic, nearDanville. Some years ago he won forhimself a place in the hearts of theneonle of Paris, when connected withj the Paris High School and the Bourbon County Y. m. u. a. .tie servedin the world war, where he was commissioned captain. After his returnfrom France he was welcomed againto Paris, where he holds at presentthe responsible position of teller inthe First National Bank. iAfter a short wedding trip Mr. andMrs. Dawes will return to Paris, andwill be "at home" to their manyfriends at 135 Houston avenue.THE NEWS extends hearty congratulations and best wishes to Mr.and Mrs. Dawes.The following engraved announcements have heen issued?"Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Brent Hutchcraft announce the marriage of theirdaughterMary FithiantoMr. Clarence Colliver Dawes,on the evening of Saturday, Junethe eleventhParis, Ky."The announcements were accompanied by the following card:"ReceptionSaturday evening, June eighteenth,One hundred thirty-five HoustonA.venucEight O'clock. Please Reply."o(SUMMER NORMAL SCHOOLNEGRO TEACHERS.roRFEDERAL COURT CONVENES ATLEXINGTON.The summer normal for coloredteachers began at Paris yesterday.The normal will be held at "WesternHigh School, and will be conductedby Principal F. M. Wood, of Paris,one of the best known and mostcapable educators of his race in Central Kentucky. A six weeks' coursewill be given at a cost of $6 tuitionfor the entire term.Announcement is made that anintensive study of all the commonschool branches will be afforded inthis summer session, and where thedemand is sufficient (ten or more),classes in high school work will beorganized.Thorough courses in agriculture,manual training and home economics will be given by experts in thisline of work.The recreational period, duringwhich time all manner of plays andgames suitable for schools and communities will be demonstrated, willbe one of the features of the summer'session.The U. S. Federal Court convenedat Lexington yesterday for a twoweeks' term, with a large criminaldocket to be disposed of. Judge A. M..T. Cochran, of Mavsvilie. presided.The civil docket was called at theopening of the term, when an adjournment was takenwere called as members of the grand!and petit juries: Ed Wagoner, Millersburg; John S. Talbott, NorthMiddletown; John M. Brennan, RoyTurner, J. T. Martin, Jos. M. Hall,John Larue, Thomas Gilmore, Paris;"Jas. Estes, Clintonville; John "W.Young, Jr., North Middletown.o-Rice paper is not made from rice,but from the membrane of the bread-The following from Bourbon county fruit tree.mi un t mm nf'M'ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 m in 1 1 it i n i mi tjjGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay NJSt11137 v 299iMiiiiMiiiiiuuiiiiiniiunnMumn'""VOTE FOR PEARCE PATON.WILSON.John H. Wilson, aged fifty-three,-a former resident of Shawhan, thiscounty, died at his home on Smithavenue, in Cynthiana, Friday night,of ptralysis! Mr. Wilson wusstricken Friday afternoon while coming down the steps at uie "- Y' 'Dr Methvin, and was taken to hisliome in an unconscious conditionMr. Wilson is survived by his wife,formerly Miss Mollie McNees, twosons, and one daughter; and &J rbrothers, Charles, Dike. DanandWWilson, and two sisters Mrs. AllieRoberts and Mrs. Robert Crombie, allof Bourbon county.The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at two o'clock at the Cynthinaa Christian church, with sexvices conducted by Rev. George Am--rrhc vmrial followed on thefamily lot in Battle Grove Cemetery., BESOLDTIONS OP RESPECTParis Rebekab Lodge, No. 7.Paris, Ky., June 9, 1921.Whereas, Our Heavenly Fatherhaving called from our earthly lodgeto His Celestial Lodge on Hign, oursister, Mrs. Ella January, on June 1,1921 be itResolved. That the family has losta true and faithful life, a kind andloving mother, and her lodge a trueand faithful sister.Be It Further Resolved,. That weextend to her family our sympathy,and commend them in this hour oftrouble and sorrow to Him who doetnall things well.Be It Further Resolved, That acopy of these resolutions be sent tothe bereaved family, a copy to tnelocal newspapers, and a copy nespread on our records .in token of hermemory. .,. eSISTER OLLIE CHAMBERS,OTOrp-CVD 4T.TP.F. "TCWALT.SISTER BRUCE BOWLING,Committee.MOORE MICHIGEIMiss Pearl Moore, formerly ofParis, where she was for severalyears an efficient member . of theCumberland Telephone Co.'s operating forces, was married in Cincinnati on June 6, to Frank Michigei,a' young business man of the QueenCity.Mr. and Mrs. Michigei came toParis, Sunday, as guests of Mr. andMrs. James Day, when they madeknown their marriage. In companywith Mr. and Mrs. Day, they motored to Winchester, where they wereguests of friends, returning to Cincinnati, Sunday night. During herresidence here the bride made a largecircle of friends, who are extendingcongratulations and good wishes.HAYNES MAYERMiss Eleanor Duncan Haynes andJohn Arthur Meyer, both of Fern-bank, Ohio, were married baturaayevening at 7:30 o'clock, at tneChurch of the Resurrection, in thatcity.The bride is a former Paris youngmrnnan. Hfiinff a daughter of the lateH. D. Haynes, who for several yearswas a resident of Paris, ner motnerbeing a daughter of the late Mr. andMrs. John L. Trundle, .formerly ofParis. She is a graduate of the University of Cincinnati, and is wellknown in Paris, where she has beena frequent visitor, and is a handsome and attractive young woman.The groom is a young attorney nfCincinnati.oHUTCHCRAFT DAWESAt the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, at Second street and Houstonavenue, in this city, Saturday afternoon at six o'clock, Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft became Mrs. Clarence Colliver Dawes, by the rites ofmatrimony. The ceremony, simple,but very impressive, was performedBUSY BEE SELLS OUTFred Weckesser, who formerly conducted the Busy Bee Cash Store inthis city, and who has more recentlybeen conducting a furniture store,has disposed of his business and stockto Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Hudson andMr. and Mrs. E. C. Collins, of Shelbyville, Indiana. The new ownerswill take possession of the businessthis week.Brown Buchanan, son of W. B.Bushanan, of Clintonville, is a patient at the St. Joseph Hospital in Lexington, where it is thought an operation may have to be performed.Mrs. Arch Hamilton entertained at her home in Lexington, SaturHnv afternoon with a tea, to announce the engagement of her cousin,Miss Jennie Pettit Simmons, to Mr.Daniel Parr Marshall, the guests being limited to members of the KappaKappa Gamma fraternity and a fewof Miss Simmons' intimate friendsAmong those present were MissesHenrietta Bedford, Henrietta Rogers, Mildred Collins, Lillian Collinsand Marie Collins, of Paris.Wkite Footwear SpecialsA Revelation in Value GivingA profuse selection of the very newest in WHITE STRAP SLIPPERS AND OXFORDS, one and two-strap effects, French or Military walking heels. Every pairpriced at one-third less than you pay elsewhere.IlL adies' Snow White Lace Oxfords and StrapPumps, Military Heels or Low Walking HeelsSpecialpJ-tLadies' fine quality very beautiful WhiteCanvas and Linen, turn soles, one and twostraps, $4.00 values. Special$2.99Ladies' $3.50 White Canvas Slippers, turnsoles, covered heels.SPECIAL S3.4QLadies' $5.00 White Slippers of very finequality. SpecialSPECIAL $3.49BIRTHS.Near Clintonville, to the wife ofA. D. Ashcraft, a daughter, christened Hazel Dean Ashcraft.In this city Saturday, to Mr. andMrs. Prank Burton, of Seventhstreet, a son, their third child, second son.oThe regulation prison dress formen in Japan is a kind of strawberryred colored kimono.o-A caterpillar will in the course ofa month eat food weighing 6,000times as much as its own body.oThe village of Richmond, Mich., isruled by women. -. . o ,The cow of the water buffalo -givesexceptionally., rich milk.Sale of Men's ShoesThe GreatestValues!Great MoneySaving !Men's Tan English and BlucherLace Shoes, BlucherLace Oxfords. Goodyearsoles, rubber heels. Allsizes in the lot.I 1 1 uI o Li pfc,Vwji mt-erValaes to $6.50CHOICE$3.99Men's High Grade Shoes and Oxfords, Tanand Black Vici Kid, Tan English. Values to$8.00. SpecialS4.95Another lot of Men's and Boys' Tan ScoutShoes. All Sizes. While they last-VERYSPECIAL!SI. 99Misses9 and Children's While Canvas Slippers at a GreatSavins Jn Price. Bring them to this store, save the bisdifference.DAN COHENParis9 Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Ecoooay ReifnJjjL dmmJttf'$-&.r&&fH -.wiSjSot " ".-5jt yH..t-V .h.1 v-maAS