r .V."r"-"' " ' "H ii. tr t . "...-. JM! UWL'JLJ"!n,y'.rHV -C S"VSrWNEWSPUBLISHED, EVERY TUESDAY AND 'FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.t v.- v?VOLUME XLIPARIS, BOURBONCOUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1921THEBOURBON- &IlkItiltjIkLw.' -Jt)'tPhrt. !)SOURBON SOLDIER'S BODY ARRIVES IN NEW YORKCounty Judge George Battertonreceived a telegram Tuesday fron:iovernment officials at Washington,jir tifying hun of the arrival at NewYork of the body of his brother.Private- Bishop Batterton, fromFrance. The body will arrive inParis in a few days, and will begiven a soldier's burial in the Pari,Cemetery, with appropriate ceremonies by Bourbon Post of theAmerican jLegion.Young Batterton was twentyone yers old at lie time of hisdeath He was a member of theMarine Corps, Sixth Regiment, Second Pivion. He was awarded atM'pt-nootei's medal in this countryMe ore departing for the scene ofwar in Prance. He was wounded inthe engagement at Soissons, France,on July 19. 1918, hi3 death occurling on the following day. Mr.B.titerton "was the son of Mr. and"Mrs. B. A. Batterton, of this county,i-nd an extremely popular young2i.an.oTHUGS BEAT AND ROB AGEDMAN.Mr. Lewis Hixon, carpenter, aged; bout seventy-three, was taken tothe Massie Memorial Hospital,Tuesday morning, suffering from serious injuries on the head and face.At the Hospital yesterday it wasMated Mr. Hixon v. as in a very serious condition, suffering from exposure and his wounds, being attimes delirious.Hixon was found in an unconscious condition in the rear of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse, inSouth Paris, Tutsday morning, by awatchman while making his rounds.He had been atacked some time inthe night, beaten and robbed of apurse containing $80. The blows onthe head inflicted a dep gash', andother cuts Mid briuses on the facesave evidence of r. murderous assault. He was unable to give anyaccount of the -ssauit or anydescription of his assailants.oMIDWAY GROCERY BURNED;TOWN IN DARKNESSFire of undetermined origindestroyed the grocery store andstock of R. C. Ethirington, at Midway, with a loss of approximatelyfive thousand dollars. A framebuilding behind he store, whichhouses the transformers supplyinglight to the city was damaged byj.he flames and the city put in darkness. When the fite was discoveredin the store about 9 o'clock, it hadgained such headway that the building could not be saved. Quickwork by the fire department confinedthe flames to the two structures.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN44"H'4"I"I"ImI,'ImIm1mI"1"I'"II"',I'sFRANK & COLADIES' OUTFITTERSOur BigAnnualClearance Saleof High Grade MerchandiseWill BeginJanuary 7thThis Sale, which our many friendsand customers wait for annually, willinclude merchandise in every depart- -ment."Mxtra Special PricesWill Prevail in OurREADY-TO-WEAR DMPARTMBNTBIG REMNANT COUNTER"SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.T" A "- "W-..cr V Ht 1 1 1 M''!':CALLED MEETING OF ATHLETICASSOCIATIONFrcf. ChLrles E. Skinner, of Lexington, president of the CentralKentucky High School Athletic Association, has issued a call to thevarious high schools in the Association to send a representative to ameeting to be held in ProL Skinner's office, in Lexington, to-morrowmorning at eleven o'clock.At a meeting of the State Athletic Association last April, :t wasdecided that sectional tournamentsshould be played in each section ofthe State, and that t4ie winner ofeach of these .sectional tounamentsshould compete in the State tournament to bo hold at the University ofKentucky. The meeting to be heldto-;momw will take up the matter ofdeciding upon and arranging for theCtiitral Kentucky tournament. Thetournament will probably be playedin Lexington, March 4 and 5. ParisHigh Schools will rend a representative to the meeting.GEORGE R. DAVIS PURCHASESUNDERTAKING BUSINESSGeorge R. Davis has purchased theundertaking business so successfullyconducted by his father, the lateGeorge W. Davis, and with whom hewas actively associated for manyyears, from Owen L. Davis, admiuistiator. and will conduct it ii: the future. Mr. Davis will be assisted in thebusiness by his brother, RudolphDavis and by his nephew, IrelandDavis, of Millersburg. These areamong the most popular businessmen in Palis. Their offices will bein the same old stand as for years,at the corner of Fifth and Pleasantstreets.COST OF GROWING TOBACCOFIGURED OUT.The 1920 crop of Burley tobaccoin Kentucky cost approximately$309 per acre to grow, according toan estimate made public by theCollege of Agriculture of the University of Kentucky. The estimatewas based on investigations of fieldmen of the Univeisity and the United States Department of Agriculturewho, for the last two years, havebeen making a study of the cost ofproducing tobacco in Kentucky.The estimate covers only what i3known as the WbUc Burley District of Central Kentucky. No estimate was made for the dark tobaccoarea of Western Kentucky.The final average cost of producing and marketing the 1919 cropwas fixed at $289.10 per acre tor theBurlev district, and $141.76 for thedark " tobacco area Eight y-onfarms in the Burley District andseventy in the Dark District werestudied. The 1920 report is not yetconiplete.oI The more money a man has themore he is abun-d and the less he, cares.'4I"!"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I,"I"I,'S"Sak.T"YrTTrTrTrTTTT - CNh8H"M"IiDISAPPOINTMENT MARKS OPENING OF LOCAL TOBACCOMARKET.Disappointemnt and very,, lowprices, coupled with an excited andrestless Jot of growers and spectators, marked the resumption of thetobacco sales for the 1921 season onthe Paris market, Tuesday morning,llepoi ts of happenings in other nlace.-;filterinsr in cpwp1 in l?oot tVio napifcu !- -"C7 -- . - V J AVV I'tVr JL1VA VV7of the growers on a raw edge, and aspark would have started a panic.The sale opened at the Pario HouseNo. 1 of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company, at nine o'clock, andeloped at eleven o'clock, in the midstof an excited multitude. The salesamounted io a little over 80,940pounds, with rejections of 14,570pounds, making the net sales for thetime 66,370 pounds', which brought$61;, 6J 2.03, an average of ?9.90.During the salrt a fev baskets brought more than twenty-fivecents a pound and one sold for fortyfine cents a pound. The sales wer?stopped when the dissatisfaction anddiscontent had reached an acutestage. Cries of "Cut it out" all overthe hou.se decided the matter, and,after a conference between the auctioneers, jmanagerA of the houses andgrowers, the sales were stopped.In the afternoon a meeting of thegrowers and handlers was held atthe court hous-e, attended by a crowdconservatively estimated at about 1,500. John T. Collink, manager of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse, presided. ?Tr. Collins made an address,which was loudly cheered by thewhole audience. Speeches werealso made by Dan W. Peed, J. W.Bell and Wm. O. Rinton. A motionwas made and canied by a unanimous vote to hold the present croiand cut out this year's crop. Themanagers of the two warehousesthen agreed to cloie their houses indefinitely. Mr. Collins was named" byresdlution as chairman of a committee to be named by him to co-operatewith a like committee from theentire Burley district at once anaplace the B'irley business on a working basis. Mr. Collins announcedhis committee as follows: D. W.Peed, Edward Burke, Jas. H. Thompson, "V m. H. Mclntyre J. IT. Bell.John W. Jones. John T. Collinr-. Jas.McClure and James M Caldwell.The question of financing thepresent crop to save the squall givers and farmers was taken up at ameeting of Bourbon county banker?,held Tuesday night At this meetingthu matter was thoroughly threshedout and a pn of action decided upon, hich will tend to relieve thetrained situation and bring onlerout of chaos.It was said yesterday that thef-ales would probably be resumedTuesday.The feeling of impending disaster whirh at first took possession ofthe people upon hearing the newsof the situation giadually gave wayto a calmer state ard a more optimislic feolins: pre'".iled Wednesdayand yesterday. The calamity-hoi-trswere promptly silenced, and theassurance went forth that the situation would yet resolve itself ""intoone that would be met fully and tothe satisfaction of all parties concerned. The matter has now developedinto p. game of watchful waitingThose who looked with trepidationon the future are now viewing Thematter through the eyes of reasonand calmness. No further action wil!be taken here until after the bigmass-meeting which is to be held today in Lexington. In the meantimethe sales huoses will remain closed,and the tobacco on the six sellingfloors will remain there.Charging that "there is a wclidefined conspiracy among a few bigtobacco manufacturers to steal thiscrop of tobacco from the farmers,"Representative J. Campbell Cantrill,Seventh Kentucky District, in aninterview with The Courier-Jcuvnalcorrespondent at Washington, declared that the State and Federallaws are sufficient to prev-ant suchan 'illegal combination andexpress-ed the hope that every Common-wealth's Attorney and every FederalDistrict Attorney in Kentucky "willimmediately make a full and complete investigation of these coirlitions so that such a cojmbinatior.it it exists, is broken up and theoffenders bvought tc immediate justice." Representative Cantrill. who himself is a large producer of tobacco,expressed it as his individual opinion That the builey groweis should-not permit their crops to go on themarket until the manufacturersare willing to offer better prices.FORMER B0TJRR0NITE CANDIDATE FOR SHERIFF ISMONTGOMERYWarren W. Stoner. formply ofParis, announces in the ML Sterlingia pcis, -his candidacy for the office3f Sheriff of Monlgomery nouuij.,r,. ' otrmor is a. brother of Mrs. Mayjstcner Clay of Bourbon county, aidis well-known here. Since his re-,. ii. iTT,.r.4- niMTflvol -.-srrHturiL ircm me wtrru ccnu ,j-""--o Mr. Sooner hap been engaged .in1 business in ML StulingMR. JOE B. SMITH FOR TAX COMMISSIONER MR. FRANKCOLLINS ON TICKET.J Mr. Joe B. Smith, the well-knownParis stock tiader, in this issue ofTHE, NEWS announces hi3 candidacy for the Democratic nominationfor Tax Commis?ioner of BourbonCounty, subject to the action -of theDeanocratic primary on August 'i,If) 21. Mr. Smith also made knownhis purpose of hiving Mr. PrankCollim, as his Deputy, in the event ofhis nomination and election.Mr. Smith is well and favorablyknown throughout Bourbon couity,no man having a larger circle of acquaintances among the voters thanhe. Mr. Smith is of a happy andjovial disposition, has the knack ofJ becoming acquainted with men andalways remembering them, thereafter, and his broad smile and heartyhandshake will add greatly to hisstrength as a vote getter.Mr. Fiank Collins, who is makingthe race with Mi. Smith as his Deputy Tax Commissioner , is a popularyoung farmi-r who, prior to a yearago was a resident of the North Middle town precinct. Both men arequalified in fill the office and nodoubt will make an aggressive campaign for the nomination.(adv-lt)AMERICAN LEGION MEETINGAll ex-seivice men in the countyare uiged to be present at the regular monthly meeting of BourbonPost American LogL.n, this (Friday)evening, January 7, at 7:30. at thecourt house. The new officers elected for the ensuing year will be installed. Very important businessconcerning every ex-service man inihe county will come up and a fullattendance is desired.J. A. ORR. Commander.WM. COLLINS, Adjutant.oFOOT SPECIALIST IN PARISEVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAYDr. J. W. Weber, the well-lmownfoot specialist, has opeued an officein the Windsor Hotel. Dr. Weber removes all troubles of the feet without the use of a knife. Dr. WeberTs well-known in the State, and ishighly praif-ed by those whom hehas treated. According to his recommendations he is one of the bestauthorities on bad feet. He will beat his office Tuesday and Friday atthe Windsor Hotel. Paris, Ky.(janT-F-tr)oSILK SHIRTINGS CHEAP.All our Silk Shirtings go at$2.00 the yard.fRAINK & CO.ROOSEVELT PORTRAIT FREE TOSCHOOLS.Judge F. D. Sampson, of the Kentucky Couit of Appeals, has ai ranged for every school room in. Kentucky to have a life-size portrait ofTheodore Roosevelt free.On the portrait is printed thelast message of Col. Roosevelt on"Americanism," ?ent the night before he died, January 5, 1919,through the American Deiente Society, of which Judge Sampson is amember. Colonel Roosevelt said:"There car. be no divided allegianccin America, a man who comes to thiscountry and becomes a citi.en infact, should be tivated on equalitywi'h all other citizens. But a manwho pretends to be an Americanand also tries to be something elseshould not be allowed to remain inthis country."Judge Sampson requests all teacners and superintendents of schools toco-operate with him in interestingthe school childrea in this work ofAmericanism. II.ry school room inthe State may have a Roosevelt portrait size 20x24 inches if the schoolchildren or parents in the schooldistrict v ill have the portraitframed. One condition is that whenthe portrait is framed u shall behung with appropriate ceremoniesin which the children should takepart. It would be well if the parents would also take part in tm.ceremonies iien the portrait ishung. -i.,.State Superintendent of Publicinstruction George Colvin heartilyapproves cf this plan and requeststhat all teachers in ivenmcicy writeto their respective County Superin-tendents ting the number or;;- nronerlv framedand hung. The American DefenseSociety furnishes the picture free.Countv Svperintendents are requested to" write to Robert Appleton,former Tieasurer Ajmerican DefenseSociety, 116 East Twenty-foui thstreet. New York City, stating thenumber of portraits necessary tosupply the schools in the county.Therexwill be no expemo in anyway for these wonderful life-sizeportraits, done by a famous artist,oSPECIAL ON CANNED PEASWe are offering a special price of15 cents per can or Serv-Us CannedPeas. This is a bargain and willla-u only a frw days.(It) CP. COOK Sc CO.-oBOY INJUREDRichard BiTllei' Jr.. son of Mr.and Mrs. Richard Butler, of Paris,fpll from his bicycle at his homeWednesday, his head striking theuge of the porch. He sustained aUpm lip and other slight injures,painful but not serious, iiuj.nmofellow was given immediate medicalattention.COMMERCIAL CLUB NOTESThe Commercial Club, as a member of the Chamber of Commentof the United States, hn rppptvorife referendum from the nationalbody on which the local organizationits asKea io cast its vote before January 31. The referendum relatesto the problem of taxation, and onthe ballot are fifteen different proposals, which have been suggestedas remedies for sol vine: thp. nfitinn.nlfinancial stringency. The Commercial Club is asked to mtjiws thr,opinion of local business men on thefollowing measure?: An excessprofits tax, the ircome tax, excisetaxes, sales taxct, undistributedearnings tax on corporations, andtax on individual stockholders ofcorpoiations.The Commercial Club was rnfPTitU-admitted to membership in the U.b. c-namber and therefore is on titled to a voice in the recommendationsmade to the government through theNational Chamber, which exercises aTeat mnaence in determining- thepolicits of the jrovernment. Allpel sons interested in the questionot national taxation are invited toconsult the referendum and casttheir vote on it rttthe CommercialClub office.A meeting of the Board of Directors of the local Club will be heldFriday evening, according to present plans, when the new board willmeet for the first time. The jmeeting was first called for Tuesdayevening, but was postponed, due tothe inability of some members to attend. There are now thirteen members, whereas formerly there wereten. The retiring members are H.A. Power, I. L. Price and John J.Williams, while Rudolph Davis. Jno.F. Davis, N. F. Brent. M. J. Lavin,B. J. Santen and G. W. Wilder willbe new members. Many importantmatters will come before the board,including the elect ion of a treasurer,which office is now held by C. K.Thomas, and a report of th2 projectunder way.No forum meeting was held lastmonth, on account of the holidayseason, but a meeting will be arranged for this month, when a program of entertainznent will be followed by a public forum discussion.It is also planned to hold noonluncheons, either weekly, or biweekly. Other activities for themonth will include ihe publicationof a booklet giving solid facts aboutPaiis, which is now almost readyfor the press, studies by specialcommittees of citv planning, streetcleaning, the watei' question and, amemorial for the World war veter-anse.Complete information files ormany subjects have been abided t'the " Cojmn ercial Club's office. Aclipping service whereby men interested in particular problems -"vill beprovided -with information takenfrom cirrent publications, have beer,instituted.ffWE KNOW HWNETTLETONSHOESReduced to$17.WITCH ELKSHOESReduced to$4.00THE PAIR .The above prices are bargains andare made to raise cash.Come in TO-DAY and get a pairof high grade shoes at a reasonableprice.MITCHELL &OUTFITTERS TO MENY. M. C. A. NOTESmmJL X' M- ai Educational Committee has received word of appropriation of additional funds for freXcorresnondpnnp ii.:- ,. .w!, "J7- v""nBmp lor ior-i : J-vw men, ana will meet thelast of this week to receive applications from any veteran desirinrto take a course. Several, farmcourses are included in the h.-rThe -V. m. C. A. basketball'teamshowed up strong Tuesday night inthe game on the local floor wUh theY team from Frankfort, by defeatingthe latter by the sore of 32 to 13.The speed and teamwork of the localteam myst-'fied the Frankfort team"only one point being secured bthem in the first half ot the gam-.The locals lined up as follows: Roberts and Burnett, forwards; Brewtaugh and Chipley, center; Tucker,Port and Mclntyre, "guards TheFrankfort te&in lined us as followsLewis and Riley, forwardsr Snviforjand Jarvis, center; Suppinger, Utter-uacK ana imstow, guards. PointsAere secured as follows: For ParisRonerts 13, Eurnett 9, Tucker4, Port 2, Mclntyre 4; for Frankfort Snydrr 1, Jarvis 6 McKinney6.The Y. M. C. A. team will go toGeorgetown to-night for a gamewith the Georgetown College team ,On January 18 the Y team will meetthe Kentucky Wesley an College teamfrom Winchester.Two volley ball teams rom theBusiness Men's Gymnasium ciass aLthe Y. M. C. A. have been organized.The "Railroaders," captained by J.G. Metcalfe, and the "Town Lot"team, led by Rev. T. S. Smylie..Captain Metcalfe's "Railroads" areas follows: Joe Grosche, Y. II.Harrison, Ctrl Bratton, Ray Ogdenand Stanley Price. The "Town Lot"team is composed of the following:Rev. T. S. SmyP.e, M. Peale Collier,John W. Y(rkes, M M. Sheffield andC. B. Hariison. A series of ninematch games will be played between -ihetwo teams. The Railroaders,won two oat of thiee games in thefirst content between the two teamsWednesday. The next contest willbe held this afternoon at 5 o'clockThe Basket Ball team from thewomen's gym class will have aspecial practice this (Friday)- even.ing. -oADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDIn the County Court yesterdayCatesby Spears and Woodford Spear?were appointed by County JudgeGeorge Batterton as executors ot tfceestate of their mother, Mrs. Sallie.Woodford Spears. They acceptedand qualifed fov the trust by furnishing bord in the sum of $1JsO,0'00.The Court appointed Harry B. xClay as executor of the estate of hisbrother, the late J. Frank Clay.Mr. Clay accepted and qualified forthe tiust by furnuhingjbond in thesum of $20,000."'HIBLAKEMORElr,KjjZs,rSt"j - . -' v. sy'V -' ' r"r - , ' i - ' v '-rW"--. '' T K(y V '.r FAGBTWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1921" iw- -11 BOURBON NEWSUrtrtttstod 188139 Years of Continuous PublicationlErrtiXialied Every Tuesday and Friday2e? Year. .$2.006 Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.fcwiFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.H Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,PostoiH.ce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)JUE; EOREIGN REPRESENTA-TIVES.New York American Press Assort iitioii.-;Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta -Massengale Adv. Agency.Cincinnati Blaine-Thompson Co.Louisville Stark-Lowman Co.GREAT SURPRISEMrs. Hughes Says She Is PraisingTanlac To Everybody Restored Her HealthAny erroneous reflection upon thetiaracter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationtxlch may appear in the columns of0 HE BOURBON NEWS will be gladlytrrected if brought to attention of? editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 peri ,ch for first time; 50 cents per inchs3a Bubsequpnt insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linech issue; reading notices in blackty , 20 scents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, c&'.ls on candlft&ie, obituaries and resolutions, andalsaUar matter, 10 cents per line.8pecial rates for large advertiseSM&ts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reseivede& decline any advertisement or otherscatter for publication.Announcements for political officestust invariably be accompanied by&e cash.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announce1ENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthVliddletown, as a candidate for theffice of Safe Senator frojni theTwenty-eighth Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats "at th-.polls."Although it has been severalmonths since Tanlac restored niyhealth and built me up so wonderfully, i am still feeling fine," saidMrs. P. T. Hughes, Durmid, Va."For several weeks I had indigestion so bad that everything 1 atesoured and bloated me with gas until I could hardly breathe, and" 1had such terrible pains around myheart it seemed that I would go distracted. My appetite failed completely and even what little I forced down seemed to burn my stomachlike a coal of fire"I got so weak I couldn't do myhousework and would have to sitdown and rest every time I movedaround the least bit. I becamealarmed over my condition and began trying medicine after medicine,but nothing helped me until I gorTanlac.It wasn't long before I could catjust like I did before I got sick, andI found I could eat anything Iwanted without suffering the leastbit from indigestion."I picked up in strength rapidlyand was soon feeling so well andstrong that my housework was justlike play. Ever .lince then I havepraised Tanlac and I am going totake it again if I ever need medicine." Tanlac ir sold in Paris at the People's Pharmacy. (adv)oTHE ART OF FORGETTINGSOW BYE IlJkflAffDglfcPractically 80 of the eardens in(ibe State of Kentucky will, be bare.this coming winter. This is a condition where rhe Department of.Horticulture recommends the sowingof a clover crop in the garden toproduce a growth that can be plowedunder the following spring and helpfurnish humus to the garden soil.The garden should be the richestpiece of ground on the farm, as it iscalled upon annually to produce anenormous amount o? crops. In orcerto withstand this growth year afteryear it is a good idea to sow crops,such as lye. All tiash andurubbiohshould be piled and burned as thisnot only helps control the insects bydestroying many of them and at thesame time it improves the appearance of the garden, which is usuallylocated near the house. Do not letthe eycuse of having to bary somevegetables in a pit keep you fromsowing some cover crop in yourgarden. It is much better to remove this pit than it is to let ihegarden be idle dming the winter.l From my resjgfmce on Parrish,cuuc, ocuuiuaj' iiigui, a. uay mure,with a little white on one hind footReward for her return or for information leading to her rccoveiy. CallCumberland Phone 4 76.FOR REPRESENTATIVETrTe aie authorized to announceXAMBB H. THOMPSON, of Paris, aa, candidate for re-election as Repscntative from BeurboH County inXhB Lower House of the Kentuckylegislature, subject to the action ofthe Toters the county at the primary election, August 2, 1921We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Represerlative fron Bourbor county, in theLower Houfc of tm- Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action f thevoters- of the count ; in the primarySection tr be held on August 2.1921j j .it. onji .cm? v . yf hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheiiff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, IS 21. When elected3heriff my Deputies will be "Bob"-ilkey and "Doug Thomas, Sr.J. O. MARSHALL.R. -ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectfully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.James J. Hill, who possessed aphenomenal memory, said it is easyto remember things you are interested in.What to do, therefore, is to disc?rn what things are useful, whatthings one ought to be interested in,and then forget the others.That sounds 3asy, bat it isn''easy, as wc all know. Howeer, ife try, we may accomplish something If we don't, we won't.Let's see, therefoie, what are someof the things we ought to forget.First and ,most important of all,forget that briliant recoid you madeat school el that wonderful sale youmad- which caused all the boys totalk, or that remarkable piece ofwork you did which won your raiseof pay and promotion.Forgei the big things yor. didyesterday or last year.Forget all about the time you lopped the lir-t and was made a fussover.Forget that you are (in your owneyes) a sonder, a world-beater.Water that has gone over the millwheel can grind ro more corn.Forget what ycu have alreidydone and address all your mind andstrength and talent to the next jfb.Forbes Magazine.Lost or StrayedWaifcKJrFurnished apartment for lighthousekeping, by couple without children. Reference furnished by Parisparties. Inquire of BOURBONNEWS. '(dec3-tf)Taxi Cab ServiceWhen you want taxi cab service,any hour of the day or night, callus, Cumberland phone 7, or Homephone 428.THE PARIS TAXI CO.,(24-tf) 710 Main Street.mGlMSavingThe Quai D'Orsay.The Quai d'Orsay is the name of thatportion of the left bank of the Seine inParis that is opposite the Place de laConcorde. From the fact that thechamber of deputies and other government buildings face it. its name isused to denote the French government,as Downing street is used to denotethe Brit!h.LostBetween Frankfort and Cyn,hiana.one 33x4 Goodrich Cord Tire andRim. Black and white tire cover.Return to Bourbon Garage and receive reward. (tf)Administrator's NoticeAll parties indebted to the estateof the late J. A. Dudley are requested to settle with the undersigned. Those having claims againstthe estate will please present sameproperly proven according to law,for payment.W. K. DUDLEY,(4-3wks) Administrator.FOR JAILERWe are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (faimiliarly known as JohnFoster) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfullysolicits the support of the voterslai his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., iri a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon conn-1ty, subject to the action of the Dem-1cratic primary.FOR TAX COMMISSIONER.We are authorized to announceJAS. H. MORELAND. of Paris Preeinct No. 2, as a candidate for TaxCommissioner of Bourbon Countywith VIRGIL "TUCK" Barton, -ofaiillersburg, as Deputy, subject tothe' action of the Democratic votersof Bourbon county.We are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of the NorthJliddletown precenict, as a candidate for Tax Commissioner of Bourlioii conty, with THOMAS TAUL,of Paris, as deputy, subject to theaction of the Democratic voters ofBurbon county.1R DEPUTY TAX COMMISSIONER. Ben Woodford, Jr., will make therace for Deputy in connection withWalter Clark as Tax Commissioneriff Bourbon County, subject to theacjtlon of the Democratic party.GET IRE BUTTERMrs. Hal fie Mee-e, of .Glenn, Missouri, says: "I was not jmakingenough butter from my cow':- milkproduction for a family of two.fier using Dr. LeGear's StockPowders a short lime, she gave ahalf gillon more irilk a day, and apound oi butter a day."Dr. LeGear's Stock Powders giveto milk cows just what is neededto keep Use digestive organs inproper condition, f.o 'hat tht-y getihe piost possible good from theirleed. Give equally wonderful results when used for horses, hogs,and sheep, because they are a tonic,appetizer and worm expeller.It maitc-is not what ailment youmay huve among your stock orpoultiy, it will pay you to get theproper Dr. LeGeai Remedy , fromyour dealer. They are he Doctor'spersonal piescriptions. compoundedduring his 28 years of VeteiinaryPractice -and Kxpeit Poultry Breedinp. The must satisfy you, or youidealer will icfund your money.(adv)oEars and Marriage.'Why worry because the shape ofyour ears does not exactly please ou?Their peculiarities probably indicategood points in your character. According to an evpen. cars which wiiruleindicate versatility of character, andif they lie elne t' the cead .hm thatthey can hear the siiiip joke carafter year witlmut becoming weary.This makes fur lumpy marriage-, 1FOR SALEI offer for sale my property inShippville, near Millersburg. Sameconsists of 14 acres of ground,good house, cistern, coal house,tmoke house, etc. Property is wellimproved and in good shape. Possession given jst of March. For information, address or call onNANCY SIMPSON,2t-pd) Millersburg, Kj.Pianos, Players and TalkingMachinesGive us a call and be convinced ofoui beautiful line of instruments.Cash or convenient terms may be arranged. We also do all kinds ofrepairing and refinishing of Piano?.Players and Talking Machines.Tuning a specialty factory experience. Latest Music Rolls and Records for sale.J. H. TEMPLETON PIANO CO.,226 Main St., Wilson Bldg,(upstairs)J B. GEIS, Representative.CI") Cum. Phone 20 J.Farm Loans, 6TEEMS 5 AND 10 YEAHSS. T. & E. W. RANDLE502 FAYETTE NAT. BANK.LEXINGTON, KY.dec28-tl)oneySpecialsFOR SATURDAY, JAN. 8Compare Prices Quoted Below andWe Will Get Your OrderLarge Jumbo Celery -,for IOCIceberg Lettuce qper pound . .' ZUCCurly Lettuce , qcper pound ,.... 5i3CRadishes j-per bunch j ' 5CBeets " 02 bunches for ZOCCarrots ' -per bunch 1 UCPotatoes . m -per peck 45CBaldwin Apples m- p-per basket IJ I .OUGrape Fruit, large r-2 for Z5CLemons, fancy. qj-per dozen Z J3Cr perdozen 30c-40-50cGroceries and Meats at Prices That AreRight. Goods Delivered to Any Partof the City.The Parrakeet Mineral Waterand Grocery Company-& CJL X m . vrz?. ifidifs iScree tson rnones 4uuiwrBMaoMiiiauttTaaMvsgscarDayJ-VLiBanmri I II !SSSgj&kikgS11 JMBn uli1Never!Iltink llime- xiy ili:ii im wois;:!looks as well in :i di -nil :i- udid in her woddiim vronw. - " uushi:Dis'ptucli.SWEAR OFFTOBACCOFOR CHIEF OF POLICEWe are authorized to announceTHOMAS CRAVEN, of Paris, as acandidate for Chief of Police ofParis, subject to the action of thevoters of Paris, at t-hr primary election, to be held on Uieufit 2, 1921.We are t'Uthorizcd to announceCAPT. ROBERT L.USK as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor Chief of Police of Paris. Ky.. subject to the action of the Democratic iprimary to be held on August 2. j--- .. . , i"No-To-Bac" has helped thousandsto break the costly, nerve-shatteringtobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a cigarette, cigar, pipe,or for a chew, just place a harmlessNo-To-Bac tablet in your mouth instead, to help relieve that awful desire.-Shortly the habit may be completely broken, and you are betterofi! menially, physically, financially.It's so easy, so simple. 3et a. box ofNo-To-Bac and if st doesn't leleaeyou from all 'Gracing for tobacco inany form, your druggist will refund5 our tticzcy ".iillit n.n:stiouAdministrator's Notice!All persons having claims nganistthe estate of the late George W.IDavis, aie hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as reeiuiredby law, to the undersigned Adminis-(tratoi, for adjustment and pavment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the esti.te of tlrj saidGeorge W. Davis in any way arehereby nottified to call on the undersigned Administrator ond make a fulland just settlemeiu of all such indebtedness.OWEN L. DAVIS.Administrator of Geo. W. Davis.(dec31-lks)KMm mIndustriesNew FirmWe hr.ve formed 'a pc.rtnership'inder (he firm name of Paynter &.Pronk, for the purpose of conducting a general blacksmithing. woodworking and horseshoeing businessat the old Curtis stand, in EastPaiis. We know our businessthoroughly and invite your patronage, guaranteeing best workjmanship and satisfaction, as well as reaponable prices.STR OTHER PAYNTER,,.TOHN FRONK.(octl.tf)WELDINGATJT0 REPAIRING AND GEN-.ERAL MACHINE WORK.ake your New Year present this vear onethat will give a future return. Our shortterm bonds due in 1929 net 7.6 interestper year. We refund the 4 mill State Taxand Normal Income Tax,$50 Bond, sold for $45$100 Bond sold for $90Terms cash or on installment plan ask anyTraction employee for detailsHIGGINS & RICHARD,128-130 W. Eighth St., Paris, Ky.Cumb.v Phone 73.may4-3ino)Lexington Utilities CompanyIncorporated in Kentucky156 West &l3ssra Street Lexington, Ky.i !lIsIItgity.l...K t. -ir '. A fV A,aw".A.-V - 'iW-&i A 'I.i'iv ?6'iAsy?F'ifWvr.--?g,M-"'S ' V-""x ""P -'- -"-'e& -i- fFRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1921THE BOUMBON NEWS, PARK, BmffU'QfctcrPAGE THRUI?ILJl-c$5ftKAN OPEN LETTERTO WOMENMrs. Little Tells How SheSuffered and How Finally'. CuredMILLERSBURGSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Prof. Twig?, of Georgia, lias arrived to assist Major Nelson in theMillersburg Military Institute.Mr. and Mrs. Alex; Miller entertained a number of friends at a!six-o'clock dinner Wednesday night.Mr. William Thorne. of Louis-Philadelphia, Pa. "I was not able to iville, is a guest of his mother. Mrs.io my housework and had to lie down Sarah Thome, and other relativesmost oi the time and here.felt bad in my left Miss Virginia Shanklin has reside. My monthly i turned to Cincinnati to resume herperiods were irreg- ! studies at the Conservatory ofular, sometimes five Music,or seven months ! at p r Smith pr.tPrtnir.Pdapart and when they j Wednesday afternoon with a bridgeuiuappearwomojast I party in honor of Mr. and Mrs.for two weeks and (Julian 41k nwere very painful. I Mr. and Mrs Carlton Ball havewas sickiol about a iiad recently as guests Mr. and MiD9HHBiili$$m&myear and a half and! B. P. Avers and family, and Mr. j hav returned from a visit to Mr.uivieuuuuwiinoui Charles Chase, of Louisville.any improvement. m nTlfl TiirK will in Mp.tenltfiattended the funeral and burial ofMr. Metcal-f's father, Mr. Henry C.LMetcalfe, at Carlisle, Tuesday.Mr. W. G. Judy ententained thefollowing friends at rook: W. D.Mclntyre, Ashby Leer, George "Reynolds, Lnysou Tarr. Ed. M. Ingels,James Hutsell and R. L. Wilson.Mrs R. M. Caldwell returnedhome Tuesday from the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, where shehas been a patient for several weeks.Mr. Caldwell is confined to his homeon Trigg avenue, with a severe caseA neighbor recommended Lydia E.fmkham s Vegetable Compound to me,and the second day after I started taking it I began to feel better and I kepton taking it for seven months. Now Ikeep house and perform all my household duties. You can use these facts asyou please and I will recommend Vegetable Compound to everyone who suffersas I did' Mrs. J. S. Little, 3455Livingston St., Philadelphia, Pa.How much harder the daily tasks ofa woman become when she suffers fromsuch distressing symptomsand weaknessas did Mrs. Little. No woman shouldallow herself to get into such a condition of grippe.hpransp. siinh trmihlps mnv hp snppriiltr Mr. and Mrsovercome by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which for more thanforty years has been restoring Americanwomen to health.Mr. and Mrs. Henry R-ittenber-gur,of Louisville, are guests at theHotel Windsor.Miss Frartcas Brown is at homifrom a pleasant visit to Mr. andMrs. Jesse Dykes, in Richmond.Mrs. Eldridge Broadus has returned to her Jiome in Richmond,f.ner a visit to friends and relativc-sin Paris.Martin O'Neill, son of Mr. andMrs. William O'Neill, has taken aposition with the Paris BakingCqmpany.Stanford Interior-Journal: "MiW. O. Scott has returned to Paris after spending the holidays with relatives in this city."Mr. and Mrs. Lee McMillanlOPPORTUNiTY KHOCKSlVi'vDR. W. J.VETERINARIANSuccessor to Dr. WatsonOffice InBOUEEON C-AHAGE. PAEIS. KY.. C. Strode anason, Altred Strode, who have boonguests of Mrs. Strode's parents. Mr.and Mrs. A. C. Ball, for severalmonths, have gone to Atlanta, Ga.,' to visit relatives before returningE!to tneir home in Chester, Montana.II" The Millersburg Twentieth Century Club has secured Miss MaryDan Harbeson and brother, CaptainRobert Haibeson, for a musicale tojbe given in auditorium of the iIillersbursr College, on January 14.Both are recognized as accomplished(nov-19-tf)Both Phones 34'ffifldM'ftfrfl'ft'I''M'ftfrfofrM'frfrfrfrIs.P. MOHNEYChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARISand talented vocalists, and their appearance here in recital will jineana large outpouring of music-lovers.oSCHOOL OF INSTRUCTION, OHDEPvEASTERN STAR.The rnnual School of Instruction4. ' for the Twenty-third District, Or-der of the Eastern Star, w'11 beheld in Loxington, Saturday, Janu-j ary 15, at the Masonic Temple,with Lexington Chapter, No. 110, as-hostess chapter. Mrs. Emma J.& Croninger, Worthy Grand Matron,of Covington, will be present as theguest of honor, and representatives4 will attend from the chapters atNicholasville, Lawrencefcurg, Bond,Paris, Shawhan, Falmouth, Carlisle,4 Winchester and Harrodsburg. Theafternoon pession will begin at 24 o'clock, and the decrees will be ex4"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I'"I"I"I"I,I"I"2"I"I"S"I',I"I"I"I' lemplified by Lexington Chapterana Mrs. Aine McMillan, nearBroadwell, in Harrison county.J. N. Teager and Paul Makel,former Parisians now residing inLexington, were guests of Paris'.friends and relatives Wednesday.Mrs J. T. Compton and childrenhave returned to Spencer county after a two-weeks' visit to fiiends andrelatives in Paris -and the comity.Mrs. Nannie J. Ransdall, one cfthe pioneer citizens of Paris, celebrr.ted her eighty-fifth birthdayWednesday. Mrs. Ransdall is in excellent health.A. B. Lovell is in Beaumont,Texas, visiting his sister, and looking after some business matters insettling up the estate of his father,the late M. B. Lovell, of Paris.Owingsville Outlook: "MtesMary Lee Warner has returned froma visit to relatives in Paris....William Warner has leturned froma visit to relatives in Paris."Mrs. A. B. Baikley, who hasbeen seriously ill st her home inGeorgetown for some time, is Jmpioving. Mrs. Barclay is a '-laughterof George K. Redmon, and -nieceof Mrs. Florence Green and Miss Imcgene Rettynon, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Glasgow, ofRichmond, Va., and J. M. Sturgeon,of Glasgow, have taken rooms at thehome of Mr. and Mis. Walter Clark,on Fifteenth street. Messrs. Glasgowand Siurgeon are tobacco buyers onthe Paris market.Clay Sutherland lifts returnedfrom St. Louis, Mo., where he attended the banquet given annuallyby Swift & Co., to their sales forces.Mr. Sutherland presided as toastmostei. Two hurdred and fiftyguests were in attendance.Wallace Cark, who has been aguest for the holidays of his parents, Mr. ?.nd Mrs. Walter Clark,on Fifteenth street, left Wednesdayfor a six-months' trip throughChina, Australia, and New Zeland,in the interest of the American Tobacco Company.(Other Personals on Page 5)For You To Get aSincerity Suit or Overcoat at kIWn DISCOUNTiJME5"" " mwmM19 2 1OFFERSYOUA Tv-T--.Tt4.v' U"3Z??gt..-Vt.?.-..,- ;tt-- fTHE FOLLOWING ECONOMY OPPORTUNITIESEach one greater in selection and value giving than in previ-ous years. ; "JANUARY WHITE SALEIn this sale the housekeeper is offered a splendid opportunityto purchase fine linens and white yard goods of excellent quality at very low prices.JANUARY CLEARANCESRemarkable values in women's, misses' and girls' apparel nowmarked for clearance at special low prices..REMNANTSALESNow isthe time to purchase, at radical reductions, choice materials in remnants ranging up to nine yards in length.HALF-YEARLY FURNITURE SALEA discount of 25 is given on all furniture both suites andseparate pieces each piece of the superior Pogue quality.Odd lots and discontinued lines are reduced from J to y2.CLEARANCE OF RUGSDomestic rugs, including Wiltons, Axminsters, body and tapestry Brussels, in rich colors and handsome patterns are marked at very special clearance prices.SALE OF MEN'S CLOTHINGEvery suit and overcoat for men marked for immediate clearance at the unusual prices 35.00, 50.00, 65.00.THE H. & S. POGUE CO.CINCINNATI, OHIO1The old saying is, "Opportunity Knocks But Once." Well, it has knocked heretor you to get one of the best known brands on the market.?J CTrse We are !osin-ivc exPcct to do ha when you farmers are takingless than the cost ot production for everything that you raise.But, however, you are needing a suit or overcoat. We have made the pricepossible, such as the following:$45.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $33.50$50.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $37.50$55.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $41.25$60.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $45.00 n$62,50 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $46.75$65.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $48.75$70.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $52.50$75.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $56.25$S0,00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced...... $60.00SS5.00 Suit or Overcoat Repriced $63.75Come In While the Selection is GoodWuwnwiI? iiS&GOFor 23 YearsW III H'HflM 1 1-"itZIMPROVE YOUE SEED CORNMany farmers in the State ofKentucky have selected their seedcorn in the field ind th's :.; in excellent practice, this corn should receive good care during the following winter if satisfactory resultsore to be obtained. The selected.seed should be dried as soon as possible to Uie sudden change of temperature during: the following winter. It is possible to select the cornand leave it in a sack or basketin the barn or crib and have thiscorn germinate satisfactorily thefollowing spring". However, thisdoes not me.nn that even if this corndoes germinate well that it is goingto produce well. It often happenstiiat the seed will be injured bysudden changes of temperature tothe extent that it will not grow andproduce good, strong- stalks capableof bearing two or three ears. Thisdamage to the seed itself may noteffect the germination, conse-jiiuently, if the grnmination test isrun m me spring ana nign percentage found, the farmer will beinclined to believe his seed corn isi in perfect condition. As an exeam-,pie of this various tests have beenrun jind it has been found that !wKrever the seed corn was placed .in a good dry storage it had yieldedmuch better than when left in tliocrib under ordinary conditions. In ijone case 400 eard were divided into !j two equal parts, one' part being- well 'i cared for and ths other placed inthe barn. The well cared for seedT! giving an increased yield of about 1115 more than the seed left in the.' barn. This is undoubtedly sufficientincrease to warrant the farmer ingiving this selected seed corn good Jcare daring the following winter.The spring of 193 8 we had a seri-jous shortage of seed corn and thefarmers of Kentucky -learned to ap- mpreciate the value of the germinfe-1tion tests. As p-i offset to preventthe recurrence oi Jiis trouble farm-seed corn early, dry it and place itin a dry storage f-- that it will comethrough th winter in the best possible condition.oGOING TO TEACH HOW TO BEWEV7SPAPER.351EH-Joseph Medill School of Journal-ism of .Nortnwei5ierji uiuvei&iywill be established within the nextfew months with the plants of thelarge Chicago daily newspapersavailable as laboratories for students. Professor Walter Dill Scott,professor ut the Northwestern, announced. The project was suggested to thetrustees of the university oy Robt.T? McHormick and Joseph Medill,founder "of the Tribune, and one of.the most famous journalists of tncMiddle West.The plan detailed by Prof. Scottincludes two and four-year courses.Classes will be held in the Northwestern University building, located in the downtown district, convenient to newspaper men who desire to enter afternoon and eveningclesses of the shorter course.At Evanston, the seat of the university, the longer course -will be es-tablished for beginners contemplating a newspaper carter.-oj uopnoi ipuni -saAiasuno joj an-SB30I 0 snq oo suavi ojb bav f0118.Sajaq 8jb ana U9U.M. asnroaq uottrawj' -ui sim JOJ injajtuS eat? oav "PuI a.jo puooas-;Mjq:i auo Sino h S4ia-H2i.Pay For Your Car iAs You RideFORD CAR$268.04BALANCE12MONTHSitRUGGLESPARIS, KENTUCKYyiiiwailllllllllllllillllllllllillllllllllllllllHWilliam K. Hacjan 6ybNArchitects G- EngineersPAmy. KyrZST NATIONAL BANKillll!illll!illlllll!lllll!lll!l!!lilllinil!ll!l!llllilillilillltltl!!!!ll!ll!lllilll!llll!llllllil!l!ll!i!lill!inilllllllllllllttl!ll!imA WELL-FED HENj.means a weH-iilled egg 'basket. .Use my special ScratchFeed and Egg "Mash and notecarefully the result ' TheScratch Feed keeps the b4busy working after the grmnThe egg Mash provides thei 1bodies with food necesMryto a Iargeegg yield.L. D. MITCHELL, ManufacturerHutchcrafft Eltvatr9 PfMMttt StrMtiiCumbirlamlvUAO'jtia ue;jodujMMMMMbMftMi,'X .-T!IWJJMnmmTHE BOURDON MEWS, PAWS, KSNTUCKYPEIDAY, -JANUARY 7, 1921'.hi&'Sheriff's SaleorTAXES!Monday, Feb. 7, 1921,In front of the court house doorin Paris, Ky., about the hour of'-noon, I will expo.su to public sale fcrjjflinquent State and county tax, forme year 1920, the following described real estate, or enough thereofthat may be necessary to satisfy thesaid tax and the penalty and thecost of said sale. If any error ordouble assessment occur in theselists, please notify us so that corrections can be duly made.W. G-. McCLINTOCK,Sheriff Bourbon Ccunty.(Johnson, Jas., 1029 High Stjonnson, isetue, 6 acres. . .Jackson, Nathan, estate. . . .Keyeb, Billie It: . .,Lawrence, Pres., Est., Harmon StreetLacy, Maria. . . . ..Lawson, Thos., 533 Gano StLawson, Thos., Thomas AveLetton, AlbeitLewis, CarrieLewis, AliceLindsay Heirs, 833 LylesvilleIitchell, Mattie, vacant lotMichens, MattieMyers, Wm., estate, 60SMagowen, Mary E., N. R.,523 Higgins avewie . . . .Parker, EdPortei. Gee, estite, 547, 8thStreetRrdanon. J. B.. 436 WilliamsStreet 14.298.9610.293. 844.424.424.427.325.443.684.424.424.422.095.027.3 66.023.84-EDITORIAL "FLINGS OF THIS.THAT EN 'T0THERLostPARIS (White)Baikley, Mrs. A. A., h. and1., Mt. Airy, now J. R.Gray. &c $Hibler & Mansfteld, h. andnow Chas. Felds colLawrence, Forest, lot, Washington StAlitchell, Riley & Henry, h."and 1., Virginia Ave....Richaidsan, Mrs. Thos, years'in and '20 Railroad StJILLERSBURGHoward, G.. H., h. and 1Mitchell, Oio, h. nnd 1Powell, Ollie, h. raid 1Rogers, J. W., h. .- nd 1Smith. W. H. and Pearl,h. and 1FLAT ROCKGarr, R. E., h. and 1Giaves, Hack, est., land, 64acres, Lot Young pike. .16.975.372.6311.196.889.2111.358.6913.959.91. oRice, Fannie 4.4ZRobinson, Mattie 9.70Rankin, John 5.44Riley, Chas., 723 WilliamsStreet 4.26Stuban, Wm..-E3t. Main St. 4.02Simpson, Mary, estate, MainStreet " 4.02Simpson, Mary, estate, Lylesville '1.42Sampson, Mattie (2) 7.361 horn ton. Jerry, vac. Thorn-as Avenue 4.2 CThomas, Sallie 4.42Thompson, Sallie 4.42Thomas, 531, Thomas Ave.. 8.54Turner, Forest 8.37Tibbs Eliza 4.42l Thornton, Marin.- vac-Thornton 3.26Webster. Mary Sue, 7th St.. 6.18Williams, Amanda 5.02Wilson, Sarah 7.36Washington, Sara. 541Thomas avenue 10.88Willitms, Thos., N. R-, Marshall Wickliff, Jesse, 8th StWanted, some inventive genius todevise and perfect a typewriterequipped with a Maxim silencei.We mean the machine, of course.Though we have often wished thesame device could be applied to theoperator of such machine. Sothere's that!yThose Paris business jmen whowould succeed have already neepthinking and arranging for rhe labovs of the new year of 1921, theend of which is their goal. This applies alike to occupations and professions. It is all light to present in '.he inaugural parade the bicycle whichwhich Mr. Harding rode twentyyears ago, but his first pair of galluses, the barlow" knife wi1h whichLe first tried to shave and the mugout of which Le drank miik m hishisli chair should not be' overlooked, by any means. .oDOWN GOES SILVER.Beginning January 1, 1921,weannounce a reduction In priceof 20 per cent on our entire stock jof Sterling Silver Flatware,SHIRE & FITHIAN(4-2T)ITEM IN NEWS BRINGS LETTERPROM OLD FRIENDIn or around the Tenth Street pasPublication of an item in THE f-enger station of the Louisville &NEWS a short time ago, relating to Nashville, in this city, on Friday,the sending of a congratulatory Decembei 31', a bunch of four Catmessage to President Woodrow Wil- keys. Finder please return to THEson from Theodore P. Nix, of Paris, NEWS office. (10on the occasion of the mutual cele- ibrat ion of their sixty-fourth birthdays, brought to the Parisian a letter from an old friend who Jhud notseen or heard of him in the past iFor Saletwenty-nve yeai3. Tiie letter wao hives.f.-wT-- 11 If (limn -- niir ri ochnrnJ J. JI1X VV. ij VTUAXAl, J1. ilHUUlOUIIlUjformerly a memhpr of the Louisville& Nashville railroad civil engineer-J QtThirty-five hives of bees in goodflays.A bargain is sold inCHAS H. HAMM,R. F. D. 3. Carlisle. Ky!0Now In Full Blasting corps, now manager of a big jcoal mining concern ot Middlesboro.Mr. Gunn wrote as follows:"Middlesboro, Jan. 4, 1921."T. P. Nix, Paris, Ky-''Dear Sir: I hanDened to see acopy of the Paris EWS where you j .had been writing to President Wil-1 The Bu?y Bee Bargain House,son and hoped he was a haopy a j Corner Main and Second Streets,you. I take it that you are in fine j Dow Building, across from Win'ihealtli, and I wifc.li you much luck, sor Hotel. Paris, Kv.both you and President Wilton on j m kinds of future and houseaccount of your tonthda and lor h fl d h M and wthe New lear. I Lnow you will re-1 ttts, nSl ,--urt1, oa nnnnr.call who I am when I remind you j We now have shout $4,900.00of those suiveving parties on the old, worth of splendid goods to selectKentucky Union reilroad many years from, many as irocd as new and weago. I married in Covington about ' can save you from 50 cents to 75twenty-one years ago, and have four Cgnts on every dollpr. you jpend.daughters, whoso yges range from! Tw0 spiendid pisnos; 1 nice Or-eleven to eignteen. i nave ueeu . nQrnof0 0nBoth 'Phones.Real Candy!73. G3NORTH MIDDLETOWNJones, Mrs. D. B., h. and 1.,Thatcher's Mill Pike . . .Menifee, Ralph, 4 lots9.S4fl.55CLINTONVILLEMarders, J. L., Exr. G. W.Morrow land, bal. 75 acres- -near Clinton ville. . .. -tHUTCHISONGraves, Tinnie, h. end 1.12.2615.663.844.42RUDDLES MILLSFlorence, Levi, Est., 2 hs.9nd 1 5.82Maher, Lunce, k. and 1 14.22Moore Heirs.. 2 hs. andVaughn, Stanley, h. and3.097.04NON-RES1EDNTSAllison, H. H., h. and 1.,Millersburg g.57uiaric, J no. T., land, 52acres 59.23Clark, G. W., h. and J.Eighth St., Paris 5.02Cairns, Thos., heir?, land, 3acres near Paris 38.16Hoard and English, bal. lani43 8 acres, near Muir .. 413.95Hanson, Walter', -h. and I.. 5.01Keanrs, Tim, land, 36 acres,near J. B. Clark 40.36Leggett heirs, land, 13 acresnear Clif Gillispie -. 17.76Martin, Chas., h. and 1, Millersburg io.56Martin, James, Ti, land, 28acres 53.84Overy, Robt., In. and 1., Pari3 7.36:Potts, H. H., lind, 10 acres 9.96Porter, J. H., h.and 1., Parisi Sold to Fva Crawford. . . . 3.84Rogers, Jas., h. and 1., Mil-lersbuig 8.69.Sewell, Jespe, land 8 acres,Paris '. 24.08Shelton, J:if., Est., land, 1.acre 6.19Thomas, L. P., h. and 1. . . .' 3.26Thomas, Joe, h. and 1.. .. 9.70Woods, Ma:garet C, h. and 1 4.C7PARIS (Coloied)Asher, John 511 Lincoln, Avenue $Ayers, Anderson, Lylesville' 1 Street ?Ayers, Walsh, EstAyers, Linr.ie, Hanson St. .Batts, Eliza, 114 Newtown. .Berry, Emir.a, 1341 Newtown'Brown, Mary -. ."Brown, Mollie, Singer AlleyBrown. Mollie EBrown, Morris, LUleston Ave3rown. Lizzie, 421 Washington StreetBrookens, Thos., Gorey AveBrock, Mary, 1033 Vine St.' JBecket. Geo., 505 Gano St..'Buckner, AllenBurdell, Mattie (2, ThomasAvenue . .,Conway. Winnie, 1333 Newtown . . . j.-Cooper, Pleas, 529 Gorey. .Coleman, Lida, and Mattie. .Corbin, Add'eDavis, AnnieDavis, HoweDowell, Lee H.Fields, Wm., 859 LylesvilleFields, Mai iaPields. James.Fields, MaryFields, George 6.02Pince, Mary. 610 LillestonAvenueFuller, Josie Lee, 526, Lincoln! Pi.gate, MdgFerguson, Annie,Marshall StFields. Jno., (N. R.) . .Gaines, Mary and Menry. . .Gaines, SadieBarrett, Sanford, 443 GanoStreetGilkey, LouellaHutchison, JohnHughes, Harrison, 404-406t Marshall StreetHill, Wm vHarris, AllenJacoby's. Doc, heirsJackson, Carrie, MayJackson, Mary, 706 ThomasAvenue.Johnson, Clem, 412 MarshallStreetJohnson, Eelle (3) 11.90Johnson, Maria 4.42: Johnson, Thos . .; 6.02; Johnson, J'mn . . ... . . ' -,6.-62- Johnson, Ben, 436- 8th St. . 10.13f Johnson: Rachel, Georey Ave 3.847.207.786.03.263.535.026.675.604.427.785.606.615.607.195.024.4213.055.025.025.606.027.20,6.61.026.034.427.366.184.424.422.6710.384.427.784.426.026.628.9 011.304.424.425.66.62:,1ILLERSBURG (Colored)Allen, Geo., estate, h. and 1.Allen, Elijah, estate, h. and 1Baker, Walter, h. end 1. . . .Baker, B., h. and lot. .Baker, Sarah, &. and 1 . .Baker, James, "h. ?nd 1. .Baker, Bui nam, N. R., h.and 1Beiry, Henry, landBerry, T. H., h. and 1.. ..Bradley, Bettie's heirsBrown, Chas., estate, h. and 1-Cavanaugh. Sallie, h. and 1. .Clay, Amanda, estate, h.and 1 . .Clay, Geo. B., h. ancLlot. . . . 8.49Clay, Hairy, h. and lot. . .. 32. 7SClark. Win., Tr. Rosa, h.and 1 4.37Conway, Stepney, land.. . 29.95Colored Men's BusinessLeague, h. and lot 5.82Dickoison, Robt, h. and 1. . . 6.32Glenn, Jas., h. and lot.. .. 7.76Glenn, Dan. h. and 1 7.76Glenn, Joe. h. and 1 7.7 CGreen, Robt, h. ar-d 1.. .. 9.92Hedsres, Joana, h. and 1. . . . 5.10Herod, Eph, gardian, h. andl 3.65Higgins, Jchn, h. nd 1. . .. 9.19Hillman, Maggie, h. and 1. 5.82Hughes, Lizzie, estate, h.and 1 5.82Hutchison, Virginia, h. and. 2.90January, Sarah, estate, h., and 1 5.1CJanuary, Lizzie, h. and 1. . .King. Frank, estate 4.37Layson, Charles, estate 5.10Letton, Wm., h. and 1 . . . . 7.41Lodge, U. B. F., h. and 1 6.53ATason, Geo., h. and 1 . . . . 14.59Mitchell, S. H., h. and I.. . 11.05Mitchell, May, estale 4.77Montjoy, Lena, h. and 1. . . . 6.3 7Morgan, Adam, h. and 1. . . . 5.60McFarland. Bettie. h. and 1. 5.10Parker, Fannie, h. end 1.. . 7.25Porter, Mattie. h. and 1. . . . 4.01Purnell, Chas., h. and 1.. .. 7.03Rankin, Roxie, h. and 1. . . . 5.82Robinson, M. J., -h. and 1. . , 7.76Robinson, Morris, h. and 1.. 8.49Ross, Sajm 7.76Sharp, Sam. estate h. and 1Taj lor. Mose and Ellen, h.and lotThomas, Ada, h. and 1 . .Thompson, Elisha. h. and 1. .Turner, Ch:i?., -h. and 1. .Turner, Sam, estate, h. and 1Washington, Henry, h. and 1Watts, James, h. and 1 . .Watts, Mag, h. and 1Wilson, Henry, h. and 1. .Wilson, Wm., h. and 1NOTICE TO THE PUBLICWe have been in the tire business for the last five- yeais, and havedecided to open a shop in Pari-,our old home town. If you havennv tvrmhlp with .vonr old castings5.82 nv hilipc nnncsnlt iir nhnilt. them.6-90 and we will tell you whether they7.76 nvp wnrth fivine- or not.7 6 Our business s tc lid you of4.02 vnnv tirr IvnnhloR mill tn save VOU9.91 ion dip milpnn-ft Tmssihle. We maken cjnppinHv nf rfit.i cadinir. We in-v "--- JJ-1" vitc vou to insnect our enuipment,12.07 aiso oul. work, and be convinced foi12.78 vr.HVBPivps thni wfi cn.11 save you5,1G money and lots of troupe. Give5-10 us a trial and be convinced.5-S2 GENERAL VLUCAN1Z1NG CO..718 High Street, Noah Spear, -Prop.5.S2 ! AoioI have been" .Am lnn ?v rTirtr?1oclnrn fnr tTi f jpast twelve 3'ears and am ownernni rniprjitm of the Lower Hiarnitecoal mines, which I have had charge Lyou buy or sellof for six yeai3."I am inteiested in knowing hewyou aie getting along, and what hasbecome of former friends like GariettKenncy, Mit Jacoby. Dorsey McCluronnd manv others whose names Icannot just now recall. The lasttime I ever saw you was in KansasCity and I just supposed you had remained in the West. I have addressed nC:he Rev. Theodore ParkerNix, because you told me that waowho you w'i:S namea after. We haveshipped so'ue coal from her to E.F. Sp-ars & Sons, at Paris, whichthey bought through the Blue Diamond Coal Co."Be sure 1o see onr stock beforeWe have just received the finest assortment ofLiggetts Candiesmade in Boston the Chocolateswith the Wonderful Centersadvertised in your magazinelook for the ad. Fresh by express every few days.Bulk Chocolates 90c a pound.Box Goods $1.25 to $1.75 apound.To introduce these goods wewill have a special sale everySaturday. Take a pound homeVARDEN & SONj Prescription DruggistsThe Busy Bee Bargain House j Tt-E REXALL STOREWeckesser. Prop.Fred(jan7-8t)Both PhonesParis, Ky.o-A man can easily prove thai he isinne by having some of his loveletters read in couit.CLINTONVILLE (Colorec'OAkers, Francis, h. and 1. . . . 5.02Bidde Walter, h. -md 1. . . . 8.33Beatty, Jain.es h. and 1.. .. 7.63Beatty, Jas., No 2 7.63Broks, John, h. and 1 7.G3Evans, Wm., h. and 1 10.65Fields, Maiy, h. and 1 . . . . 6.54Herri ngton, Ellen, estate, h.and 1 5.10Hickiin, Lige, h. and 1. . . . 7.76Jackson, Clarence, h. and 1. . Y.V6Johnson, Emma, h. and 1. . . 5.2 0Jones. Israel, h. and 1.. .. 7.76SILKS $1.00 PER YARDSee our reduced silk andremnant counters. Good silksat $1 .00 per yard.PRANK & CO.Never lerd r.o:u,, to u changerIf you must have any financial tiansacitons with him, borrow it.J Jvipiriip::i'ppkit!tvii.tXM.:M..t;;iX'v'vitjit,i":i'i"i''i,'i"i'''i''i,,i,'iii:'iiiii'ii',i,i'GEORGE R. DAVIS!;UNDERTAKERSuccessor toGEORGE W. DAVISDistinctive Service4.76 Myers, Honry, eta'te, h.ana lNewton, Laura, h. and 1. .Parker, Christine, h. and 1 . .Robinson, Ed., h. and 1. .Reed, Julia, N. R., h. and 1. .Sliggins, Ruben, h. and 1. . .Thompson, Georgia, h. and 1Taylor, James, h. and 1 . . .Turner, Willie, h. and 1. .Washington, Mary, W., h.and 1Wilson, Mary, h. and 1 . .HUTCHISON ( Colored )Bell, Chns. and W. F., h.and 1Brown, Arch, h. and 1.. ..4.73 Cuiren, James, h. ond 1. .Frazier, Charlott, h. and l . .Johnson, J. F., landVickers, James, h. and 1 . . . .WilSon, Emma, h. ?nd 1. .Wilson, Smith, estate, hand 1Yhaley he!is, h. and 1. .White, P.. h. and 1White, Dick, h. and 1 . .Yearn, Nancy, h. and 1. . .b'.lO4.724.377.399.927.2SFLAT ROCK (Colored)Bradley, Jane, h. and 1. . . .Buokner, LodgeDudley, America, landHughes, Anson, estate . .Lewis, Elisha, land 25.03Thoimas, Lizzie and Joe, land 12.7 SWilliams, Lizzie, land .... 7.976.578.6959.013.38NORTH MIDDLETOWN (Colored)Bocker, no. Jr., h. and 1. . 7.03Black, Ellen, h. and I. A .. 4.38Cunningham, Charlott, h.and 1 582Durgin, Made heirs, h. and 1 582French, Jas., estate 2.94Fleming, Nathan, N. R., h.and 1 4.38Green, Elizabeth, h. and 1. . 5.10Hamilton, Maria, estate, h5.813.665.109.204.379.912.947.765.605.108.6910.427.7611.355.109.2011.35CENTER VILLI ( Colored )Buckner, Frank, h. and 1 . .Bishop, Bettie, h. and 1.. ..Campbell, Cirtis, h. and 1..Chinn, Benn's heirs, h. and 1Franks, Dennis, landJackson, Tnomas, land.. ..Jackson, Mat and Saiah, h.and lotKellis, Frank, h. and 1 . .Lodge, F. & C. M., h. and 1. .Nichols, Ollie, h. a-nd 1.. ..Nutter, Fnaik, h. r.nd 1. .,Porter, heirs, landRadford, Joe, landRobinson, Mollie, h and 1 . .Smith Thos., h. and 1.. ..5.037.635.1Q17.9323.579.218.495.828.499.-917.257.985.828.42(RTJDDELES MILLS (Colored)10.725.825.106.315.108.49Allen, Julius, h. and 1Allen, Rosa B., h. and 1.Bedinger, Ann, h. and 1.Bell, Clell, h. and 1 . . .Bell, Rosa, h. and 1 . . .Riddle. Henry, h. and 1.Coleman. Chas., N R., h.and lot 1J-55Curtiri. Eliza, h. and 1 5.15Curtis, Charles, h and 1. .. 7.76Curtis, Ed., h. and 1.. .. 7.03Dodge, Annie, h. and 1.. .. 5.82Douglas, Mary, h. and 1. . . . -3 JFinch, Chas., h. and 1.. . . . 5. 9 JFields. Ann, estate, h. and 1. 4..7Glenn, Chas., land... . . lo.51Rpnrlnrson. Geo., h. and 1. . . ?.Uoand 1. .' . . . . ' '. . 8.69 I Howard, Arch, h. and 1Harper, Bettie, estate,' h.and lotHawkins, Sara, N. R., h.and 1Hill, Amanda, h. and 1 . . . .Hughes, Jss., h. and 1. .Hutsell. Jno. D., land5 102.945.828.4926.87Jackson, Al. land 11.35Johnson, Minnie, h. and 1. .Jones', Annie, landJones, Kate, estate, land. . . .Mack, Robt., Jr., h. and 1. .! Macon, Sis. h. and 1Mafaon, Maiy Jane, h. and 1.Mitchell, John, h. and 1. . . .Miscol, Peter, h. and 1.. ..Moore, Rachel, h. :nd 1. .Rice, Garret, estate, -h. and lSanders, Mayme. h. and 1. . .L'rumbo, Amanda, h. and 1. .Trumbo, Strawder, h'. and 1.Wilson, Geo., h. andTl.. ..Yilson.- Sam. h. and 1 . .4.375 827.9813.107.255.107.757.757.255.824.374.378.4S.Tnimsrm. Mary. h. and 1. . . .Johnson, Ann, h. and 1. .Johnson, Julia, h. and 1. .Johnson. Joe, h. and 1. .Johnson, Ollie, h. and 1. .Johnson, Eelle, h. and 1. . . .Lee, Chas., estate, h. and 1. .Lawson, Harriett, h. and 1. . .Levi, Chaa., estate, h. and 1.Martin, YVm., land.. ..Medinger, Mattie, h. and 1..Moore," Mary J., h. and 1. .Powell. Alice, h. and 1..Rice, Robt., h. and 1Risk, Ed., h. and 1fcimms. Wm., h. and 1.. ..Spears, J. H. and Mary, hand 1Stevenson, Wm., h. and 1. . .Thornton, Amanda, estate, h.and 115.67 jWhaley, Phil, estate, h. and'l9. 20 Williams, Garret n. anu i.tClerks, (men, women) over 17,for Postal Mail Service. ?130month. Examinations January.Experience unnecessary. For treeparticulars, wiite J. Leonard, (foritner Cn ll Service Examiner) D3-5Equitable Build-ng,. Washington,D. C. fadv)BOTH TELEPHO IN E Suay iisiii .1 J d sCMfeiKTHnXMHi..HM':"fr'H-M"H-i'p-wIPmsmiiwmmmMmmiixnFORGET. P. Walsh'sCut Price SaleK.1('t.o I7.767.036.545.1C5.825.1024.075.105.-524.377.047.0C9.17.766.31:7. 985.10.Jr. 03Entire Stocknil 11BIG SAVINGSFOR CASH ..Hp3vj&ft"?rxSam7th and Mam-One-Price StoreParis, Ky.iIJ$gm&asfflBmftWAuWmSvwwwSV--. ti..t.ra.C2i.r,4-.., vmliPLjiBf j ' a yiV v-vk t i,Zt v-?r ?,'?. :" ''v.f,t,: ;?: . i&a ?. mtt&x&.L .jl-zo ;-" , -e "a j ritaib. JiiwemK.ev5f-ftsaarrk- -PRiDAY, JANUARY 7, 1921vTHI BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFAG Flfl "If 'XSNrfr.TmFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TAKE NOTICE.Twenty per cent discount onall Sterling Silver Flatware,SHIRE & FiTHSAN.(4-2t), oDODSOK NOW HAS PLEiTTY OFCOALPlenty of coal Fox Ridge. West, Virginia and Harlan county coal.Rapier's Feeds Horse, Dairy a-ndPig Meal.(4-2t) W. C DODSON.ATTENTION, U. R. K. OE P.There will be a regular meetingof A. J. Lovely Co.. No 34, UniformRank, Knights of Pythias, the firstof the iipv year, on next Wednesdaynight, January 12. at 7:30 o'clocV.Come in full uniform There willbe something doing!WM. W. DUDLEY. Capt.AUT03VI0B1LE STOLENMr and Airs. Mack Jones, ot I.lillersburg, drove to Paris, Wednesdaynight in their new Oakland machineto attend the peiformance of "Maleand Female" at the Grand OperaHouse. Their jmacbine was parkedon a side street near the operahouse. Afier the performance whenthev Jooked for the machine, it haddisappeared. The machine was afterward recovered.oBOURBON EISCAL COURT.The January terr of the BourbonFiscal Couit met yesterday in theCounty Court "oom, with JudgoGeorge Batterton presiding, and afull Board of Magistrates presentexcept L. J. Fretwell, wiio is ill athis home in this city. The Court allowed and ordered paid a large number of claims against the county,and adjrucr.ed sine die.oCOTTON CHEAP.Cotton is cheap, hope andother well known brands at14 cents.PRANK & CO.HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSi.The fust real estate deal of thenew years reported so fcr was thatmade this week when Mr. and Mrs.D. M. Plu miner sold to J. W. Estetheir store building, located at thecorner of Nineteenth and Mainstreets and a frame bungolow adjoiring, at : price said to have oeenclose to ? 10,0 00. Possession ofboth will be given as soon as Mi.Plummer con dispose of his grocerystock.. oFIRST MEETING OE JEMIMAJOHNSON CHAPTER,The first meeting for the newyear 1921 of Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. R., will be held this'Friday) afternoon, at 2:00 o'clock,at the home of Mrs. Henry S. (!awcod, in North Middlctown. Thiswill be a very important meetingand a full attendance of the membership is asked and expected.pPICTURCE PROGRAM AT GRANTAND ALAMOTo-day, Friday, January 7 Justine Johnstone, in "Blackbirds;"Antonio Moreno, in serial. "TheVeiled Mystery;" Snub Pollard comedy, "Mamma's Bey."' To-morrow, Saturday, January 8Madaline Traverse, in "The Spiritof Good;" Alice Howell comedy,"Her Bargain Day."Monday, January 10 SessueHayakawa, in "Li Ting Lang;"Century comedy, "Loose Lions;'Pathe Review.Gregg's Orchastra plays afternoon.nd evening.SILVER REDUCTIONSWe are pleased to announcea reduction of twent per cent,on Sterling Silver flatwarenad a noticeable reduction inHollowware.THE A- J. WINTERS CO.(jan7-tf). o-WE WON'T MX INTHE NEWS has adopted a policyof -hands off" In the campaign forcity 'Ind county offices, and will remain absolutely neutral as betweenthe present candidates and allwho may announce in the future.There will be no "free notices" ofany candidate, and all (matter relating: to their candidacy win De uedied. as advertising matter, pure am:simple. We i ill give space to allc& lions wnen signed oy tmsenmmunien nd Irises, at the regular advertising lates, ten cents zi line for readingnotices. This warding is intendedfor one and all, high and low.GETS EIRST NEW YEAR HUNTING LICENSEThe first hunting license Ire the'.New Year w'as issued Wednesday'from the office of County ClerkPearce Patn- to Rudolph Davis. Mr.Datis rs the -irst one to take outhunting liconse for 1921.Mr. Davis will leave this morningfor a three-weekV hunting ar.d fishing tip in Mississippi with a partyof friends from Louisville, Cnicigo' -and Memphis. The party will becontort ably housed in a lo cahin-ctuup an a large estate in Mississippicomprising over fifty thousand acresof ffurber land. -They will huntJbear, deer and vild fowl, besides-jjteaking many excursions to the fine. T3anr-s streams on ' the- estate.Mrs. Josie Sevlers, of Covington, is a guest of Mrs. John H.Ewalt. in this city.Mrs. Roy Han is, of Tulsa, Oklahoma, is a guest of her motherMrs. Elizabeth Bea&ley, near Clintonville. Squire John N. Shropshire andson, of Jacksonville, have returnedfrom a two-weeks' hunting nip inMississippi.--Mrs. Eugene" Foley, of Chicago,:s visiting her giandmother, Mrs.Rachel Smith and other relatives inClintnnvillc.Mrs Leslie Yorthington hasreturned to her home in Maysville,after a visit to her aunt, Mrs. Wm.Remington, on Eighth street.Mrs. Prierson. of Nashville,Tenn., is a guest of her sister; MrsB. M. Renick, and Air. Renick, attheir home on Duncan avenue.Mrs. and Mrs. Clyde Douglasand little daughter, of Atlanta, Ga.,are visiting her parents, Mr. andMrs. Lee Hardiman, near Paris.Isaac Clay, former Parisian andwell-known sportsman, now residingin Lawrenceburg. is visiting friendsand relatives in this city and county.. Mrs. Mattie Ross and daughter.Miss Maiy Lou Ross, of Asheville, N.C. are guests of ?Jrs. Mattie Howard and family, of Nineteenthstreet.John T. Collirs, Edward Burke,Dan W. Peed, Robert Meteer, Jeif C.Denton and Chas. C. Clark ati endedthe opening sales on the Lexingtontobacco market.Mrs. Nellie Starke, of Louisville, is a guest of her mother Mrs.Cairie F. Stone, ar-d other relativesin this city, and of Mrs. AndersonCahal. of Seventh street.lau'hman Woods has rerurnedtc his school duties at St. Marys'after spending the holidays in thiscity with his mother,. Mrs. JackWoods, and family, on Eighth street.John VanMeter Woodford hasreturned tc his studies at. PerdueUniveisity, at Culver, Indiana, afterspending the "holidays here withhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. JohnWoodford.Judge Ham-on Stilt, formerly ofParis, now one of the leading attorneys of Lexingt-.n, was in Parisyesterday renewing old friemdships.Judge Slitt has ju-t returned from aUrp to Old Mexico.Mrs Sophia EwaU Kisr has return d to her duties at the Kentucky College for Women, at Danville, after spending the holidayswith friends and relatives in thiscity and county.Miss Virginia Dundon has returned to Oxford University, O'cford, Ohio, after spending her holiday vacation in this city withfriends and relatives.-Mrs. Dan Diennan and children,who spent the holidays in this cityas guest of her sisters, Mrs. DenisDandon and Mrs. John J. Connell,have returned to theii home atMayslick, in Mason county.J. A. Kendall qf the Centerville vicinty, is a patient in a Lexington hospital, where he recentlyunderwent an operation for appendicitis. He was reported yesterdayas being in a serious conditicn.The following from Carlisle attended the funeral and buial ofCapt. James R. Rogers, in this city:W. P. Crouch, W T. Norton, Dr.George Spencer, Hiram. Ew;ng, W.C. Norton, J. E. Soper and E. M.Fowler.George B. Ewylt, son of Mr. andMrs. Walker Ewalt. who was injured some time ago by a fall, is doinnicely. An X-ray examination cfhis foot made Tuesday, failed to reveal injuries to the bone, as firstthought. He will be able to be outin a few weeks.Mr. and Mrs. Volney FerguBonentertained informally at their homeon the Georgetown road, in honor oftheir two daughters. Misses LucyHall Ferguson and Matilda Thompson Ferguson. Misses Ferguson returned Wednesday to their schoolduties at Margaret College, in Versailles. The Washington correspondenceof yesterday's Com ier-Journal says:"Frederick A. Wallis, Commissionerof Immigration in New York, left1 o-day for a vis't to his ho;re inBourbon county, Kentucky. .Mr.Wallis testified before a Senate com-jmittee regarding immigration today."Miss Stella Stephens ha-j resumed her duties as a member of theParis High School faculty, afterspending the holidays in Mt. Sterling with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Charles B. Stephens. While in Mt.Sterling, Miss Stephens lost herpocketbook contairing a sum ofmoney and a meal, ticket on theWindsor Hotel, Jr. Paris.Engraved announcement cards,reading as follows, have been issued: "Mr. John Highland Rosebc-rryannounces the marriage of hisdaughter, Carolyn Keith, to Mr. Jad.Garrison Metcalfe, on Satuiday, thetwenty-seventh of November, onethousand nine hundred and twenty.Lexington, Kentucky. At Homo after December fifteenth, Paris, Kentucky "Capt. and Mrs. Robert G. Jonesgave a delightful dinner Tuesday attneir home near North Middeltown,in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F.Andrews,' of Detroit, Mich., who arrvisiting in Kentucky. The ,guestsfor the day were Air. and Mrs. Andrews; Mrs. Edward Andrews, ofLexington; Mr. and Mrs. Will'amJones; Dr. and Mrs R. M. Skinner,of Flemingsburg. The house and talOes were" beautifully decorated andan elaborate men.i' was served.-The following note reachesTHE NEWS from Mrs W. H. Fisher, formerly of Paris, who is now residing in St. Louis Mo.: "Allow mthrough the columr-b of your paperto thank all those friends who sokindly remembered me on Ckristma-5and New Years Day. Such tokensof a fiection and remembrance touchthe chords of the heart, and awakenemotions of gratitude that cannot heexpressed. To each and-all I extend wishes for a Happy NewYear."Will R. White, of Paris, is atHot Springs, Ark., for the benefic ofhis health.George K. Rudder, of Hunting'ton, West Va., spent a part of theholidays in Paris as guest of friends'Mrs. J. O. Marshall and son,Bilhe, heve returned from an extended visit to her mother. Mrs.Mary E. LydickT and her sibter, Mrs.James J. Curie, in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. James Clough and"family, of Paris, attended a dininggiven near Oddville, in Harrisoncounty, by Mr. and Mrs. Veach'Clough. About iwenty-five guestswere present.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Asburyhave moved to Paris from Cynthiana, and are jdcc) pymg a cottageon Sixteenth sheet. MrAsburyhas businps inteiests in Paris, andfinas it more convenient to be located here with his family.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. Wallace Embry spent the dayin Paris, Tuesday, with friends andrelatives. .. .Mrs. Thos. Rankin andMrs. George Tucker have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Maggie Harp,in Paris ... ."Misses Click and Rowland nave returned to their home inParis, after a visit to Misb LulaGnadinger and Mis. R. F. Spruke.....Mr. and Mrs. Lee McMillan, otParis, were guests at a delightfulNew Year's dinner at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Allie McMillan, nearBroadwell."(Other Personals on Page 3)oNEW BUSINESS ENTERPRISEA new coal business has beenopened by Mrs. Mrcie White Fithian and Mrs J. Frank Trisler, inthe Hooker Stivers yards, on SoutuMain street, under the firm name ofFithian & Trisler.0E0UR MACHINES IN COLLISION.A disastrous automobile crash occurred at the corner of Fourteenthi.nd Main streets, whes the machineof Mrs. Elizabeth Carr, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Cha'-les P. M.mn, collided with a machine driven byHume Payne, a third car and atruck. All were going in oppositedirections and all. were somewhatdamaged. The accident occu;red ata point where the Paris-Lexingtoninterurban cars turn into Fourteenthstreet from Main. It is said the cityauthorities have called attenrion tothe dangeious crossing and that themo Iter will be b? attended to lateron.SILK HOSIERY AT 50 CENTSPhoenix and Gordon SilkHosiery at 50c the pair. Seeour window.FRANK & CO.RELIC 0E OLD TIMESSquire John J. Redmon, of theNorth Middletown vicinity, is theproud possessor of an old relic inthe shape of a quilt piade by hismother the late Mrs George Redmon. The quilt is of the old-timepatchwork design, and is a marvelof daintiness and needlecraft. Allthe colors of the rainbow are represented in the woof and warp of thequilt, which she worked into theborder Mrs. Redmon's initials, andthe date, "S. A. R. 1865."DON'T PUT IT 0EFNow is the time to get detailedinformation on all means developedfor winter storage batteries. See theBOURBON EXIDE SERVICE STATION, (It) 209 Main St., Phono 207.ANNOUNCEMENTS. JMAKE IT A RULETo read our "Ads" in each issue of this paper, and thencome to our store and get your share of thevalues we always give.rv1I35?5?11I1Ss1S5?y58-jSSTo Start the New Year RIGHT, we have inaugurated aCLEAN SWEEPSALESlashing prices without regard to cost or value. Hereare a few items which are bound to make you take notice:en's Munsing Union Suits tf0 A C$3.50 Values now S?MaaHV'Men's Roxf ord Union Suits t C$3.00 Values now WMia I W.All 8Vlen's Suits and Overcoats ReducedOne-fourth and One-naifIn order to get reay to receive Spring shipments, which will be coming in soon. -You are sure to make money by coming here for anything youneed, so we'll expect you.T 171 17" Inui ? f iWATTEIN"OO 1 f f JJ1JImn Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Home'5 s Ca!8 cSur Store "Home"mmmwammm75WE BELIEVEWE CAN SELL YOUFOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announceROBFftT S PORTER, of Paris, as hcandidate for Police Judge of theCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters in the primary election on August 2, 1920.You can save20 nowon a goodsuitoi anovercoatin ourMerchantTailoringDepartmentas thisreductionapplies onall orders.For instance,$100 valuesare $95.If it comesfrom DecvisH is ridht. uFurniture, Rugs, MattingsLinoleums, Wall Paper and Draperiescheaper RIGHT NOW than we can any otheir timethis year. We are making reductions that . the factories are not thinking of making. If you want to savemoney, come to us, and ccme NOW. These greatlyreduced prices are forSTRICTLY CASHIf we don't sell you goods cheaper than you canbuy then! ANYWHERE we do not expect to sell youat all.' 1 ft-i 4 I ' P fr-l 1 m 1 ' 1 m I'll. "- -- -k-. v - -r vEiTHERPHONE 36e&JtSPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINI Buy Columbia raf nlas and ft ecords&-SJS.-?FAGIBOLTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAT, JANUARY f, 1S21I i4i'4I -k'Mothers, Prepare!"When girl becomes a woman,Wba woman becomes a motherand when a womanpasses through thechanges of middlelife, are the threeperiods of life whenDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription ismost needed. Manvthousands wouldtestify just as doesthe following:Ranhine. Va. "Ttook Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription about two years ago during expectancy and got along fine betterthan any other time, r was ill onlytwo hours, or maybe less. I am themother of seven children." MRS. J.I. HALIBURTON, R. F. D. 1.Send 10c for large trial package of.Favorite Prescription Tablets to Dr.IPierce's Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y.rCjfu'I kLE 3r31f?3BmtyyAmong the First EtfiflonsJ4 He man really knows a woman UkiDOOk until he has tried to put hea4 the "shelf!" Cartoons Mnsrazine.Hair Used in Building Church ea.At one time the Japanese made useof human hair in building churches. Itwas the custom for church-going people to give some of their hair as afree-will offering when a temple wasbeing built. Such a structure at Tokiohad the beams and rafters held inplace by one of these human haircables. Placed end on end this humanhair rope measured 4.32S feet long andseven inches in diameter, no fewerthan 350,000 persons contributing before suflicient quantity was obtained.oInspiration to Hsma .Affection."When a man bet on a lame boss,"said Charcoal Eph, rumimrtively, "hitsure do git inspirin" how he yell fiVmigs f git on dat old crowbalt Id' dBsake o' bis wife an' chillun." Richmond Times-Dispatch.Proof of Good Sen&.6."A man who lias oiiuino hor-isense," said Tiid Tuiikin. "inn r inI to show it off by tryii- to ;t .,,i)ners at the racetrack."WRi,TOBACCO MAKES GOOD EERTXLIZEE. In view of the current prices ofcommercial fertilizers and the factthat some grades of tobacco areselling for less than ?2.00 pei hundred pounds, Kentucky farmers canprofitably use tobacco, especiallysome of the dark tobaccos for fertilizing: purposes, according to a replymade by Pi of. Uecge Roberts, headoi the Agronomy Department of theState College of Agriculture, in r-Jsponse to numerous inquiries beingi-eueivtju irom raimeib. A ton of tobacco fine enough for distributionwould be worth about $67.50 orS3. 3 7 a hundred pounds accordingto calculations made on certain cur-jrent prices of mixed feitilizert.However, if the tobacco is to be usedas a fertilizer it should only be usedin connection with acid phosphatewas the suggestion of Prof Roberts.A ton of tobacco containing theaverage amount of nitrogen andpotash, whlcta i? four per cent,of the former and six ?er cent, ofthe latter, whem r- ivprl with 1,000pounds of acid phosphate would?maKe a ton of fertilizer having thefollowing approximate composition:"MitTftPlVn t'T rPV nont Tl-inor'hi-iii'acid eight per cent, and potash threeper cent. On the basis of certaincurrent mixed fertilizer prices. tbgtobacco mixture fertilizer wo'ald beWOith 50 a ton, according to Prof'Roberts.JilloOU R facilities areof the highestcharacter. We areequipped to satisfythe most exactingclient. The courteous conduct of ourstaff matches the up-to-datenessof ourequipment.1.M aFireflies Pdake Pretty Light.Myriads of firellies hovering over agentle river so swarm and cling together that they appear at one timelike a luminous cloud, again like agteat ball of sparks. Cloud or ball,the wonder soon breaks and thousandsof the fallen injects drift with thestream while new swarms form, reform, and sparkle continuously abovethe water. So marvelous i the sightthat a Japanese poet wrote: "Do I seeonly fireflies drifting wifh the current, for is the night itself dr'fllncj, with allits swarming stais?"To Take Castor Oil.The following is a good way to takecastor oil without tasting it: Take aglass of ice water. Pour on the waterthe dose of the oil. The oil will congeal into a bolus, as it were, whichwill pa the lips, teeth and tongue asone mass untasted.n min ii i mini uc gtq mmaumui iimiiiiu"Cold in the Head"S an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem, cleanse the Blood and renderthem less liable to colds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead toChronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous Surfaces of the System, thus reducing the inflammation andrestoring normal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio..v,VLNBEFORE you "buy oil for your car, consider theFive Essentials of Automobile Lubrication :1. Your oil should reduce friction to the minimum.2. It should leave your engine in a clean condition.3. It should act as a compression-seal to conservepower.4. It should not contain or form any substanceinjurious to the engine.5. It should be economical in use.No one oil can perform these Pive functions forall Motors. Each motor requires an oil to suitits structure and its degree of wear. It isT"2d(jAAJT. Wof3BMmtfStttfrtKMBUICK(g)LUBRICATIONFoi every machikb, ofEVERY DEGREE gf'WEAE tJierezsK SCIENTIFIC. SINCLAIROIL -to SUIT fs SFEEB AN2CONSERVE r POWSUThe correct Sinclair Oil, scientifically chosen in accordance with this Law, will perform the Five Essentials ofLubrication for your car.We know the Law of Lubrication and how to apply itor we will gladly present you with a copy of the SinclairIndex containing the scientific oil recommendation for YOURcar in accordance with the La w. This service is free.PEED C& DOUGLAS1 ;: aris, Kentucky9ft CAR as dependable as businessGjf transportation is important nomatter what the weather. That is Buick,and that is why Buick cars are in suchgreat demand in business everywhere.The new Buick Nineteen Twenty Onemodels combine utility with beauty; reliability for business with riding comfortso pleasing in hours of relaxation,A nation-wide Authorized Buick Serviceguarantees initial Buick dependability.'Effective January 1, regular equipmenton all models will include cord tiresEnbbnofSetocttaiPEPTO-MANGANWILL HELPFIGHT COLDSMake Up Your Mind'To Keep Free- XProm Colds Get 'Your Blood IKSTAET TAKING PEPTO-MANGANBX1XIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streetnd imt'iaOsiiTi(MONow Is the Time To Build "Up You . "Will Be Strong This Winter- ji?.Eveiy house has a supply of fuelfor winter. People know cold weatheris coming. They get ready foi it.How many ppople get their ownbodies ready for winter? Most of ugo around all summer in the intenseheat burning up energy, working ,hard all day and sometimes lyinir !awake nights sleepless in the heat, jWinter comes along. It teaches 'many people totally unprepared 'physically. Few of us take stock ofour health. Whether we will bewell, healthy and strong, we often ! jleave 100 mucn to cnance. imjdui noi every nociy. iowaaayspeople are learning. They know this , Ematter of enjoying good health is a .thing they can help control. If you 'live right, eat right, get plenty o fsleep, breathe fresh air and keep 'your blood in good condition, you jwill be all right. iIt is so simple. If you feel a little ;off m health perhaps worn oat andpale don't takf chances. Thore is tno need of it. Buy sojme Pepto- ljMangan of your druggist. Begin tak--ing n to-day. you can get il m rraliquid or tablet form. Tell your !druggist which you prefer. Be certain Jthat you get the genuine "Gudo'aPento-Mangan." Look for the name f"Gude's" on the Package. (adv)fco. .2MMwmm ' iwmViKH V J VQSTOKi-;yH kWelJiiMttTKfflffiSKBgf,o a p: v-& A! SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!Mjj With all the latest improye-and expert helpers we are; prepared to do work infeik rior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundrjrParis, KentuckyKH?.r:5'jar5jigs,aiiBs;!tfsgsrsgsj'UJgyjainThe C. S. cBall GarageCor. f-ourth and Pleasant Sts.WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMAnnual Rainfall.The annual rainfall of the world Iscomputed by the United States geolog- jHlcai survey at z,a cuoic umes, " :which 6,524 cubic miles drains Into the jeea. Each cubic mile of the river waterweighs about 4,205,650,000 tons, and!Averages about 420,000 tons of foreign,natter, that passes to the ocean. JMAKE THEM HAPPYBy Giving Them Gifts -for HolidaysThat They Can Enjoy the Whole YearThrough, such asELECTS IC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSVACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETC.We have a few IVHSTO MAGIC SETS and1 other toysv lef t over from last season.LetUs Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEmmmmmimtmmmfmmm3'iiiXtff,IIIIXiIf&ft s.15cJifci&aJJrV SjLjiMMi''. 'f : !.'FRIDAY, 3AKXJABX 7, 132?:TH1BOURBON;NBW&PABBkQ1-4iHw1A Strong WitnessNatchez, Miss. "The bet metSeines I hire ever vsed in my homiare Dr. Fierce s. w.nave used tlie 'Golden, Medical Discovery as a Wood medicine and as a. tonic,also for deep-seatedcoughs and weaklungs, and it wasexcellent."I always keep Dr.Pierce's Pleasant Pellets in my hometor use when needed. I have giventhem to my children since they werequite small. They can be given withsafety to the smallest child, owingto their being free from any injuriousdrug. They regulate the stomach,liver and bowels in a mild, but very,effective way. I cannot speak toohighly of Dr. Pierce's medicines."MRS. J. B. GILBERT, 212 St. CattVrine Street All druggists..4mW?9fcSingular Marriage Feast.Polynesia is probably the only placefa the world whore the marriage feasttakes place without the presence ofthe bridegroom. For some unexplainedreason the younj: man is "sent into thebush" when tlio brido becomes a member of the family, and remains thereduring the festivities.CHHDPJ2N KODAK SUPE-ENOUGHPAIBJESThere is nothing new in spirit photographs, but a photograph of farie3is something of a noveltyTwo London, Eng., girls, both veryyoung, constantly told their fatherthat at a certain spot in the countrydoubtless a glade they could always summon fairies.The credulous father suggestedthat if they could summon themand play with them, why not takephotograph?; of them. To which endhe lent the children his camera.They went to their meeting placeand summoning their elfin friendspromptly proceeded to snap them.Great was his surprise, the fathersaid, when, upon developing the photographs he found the younger of thegirls surrounded by . fairies withpretty faces and gaudy wings, whilethe eldest had a delightful chubbyfaced little girl sitting on her knee.Sir A. Conan Doyle, who has thephotographs, has no doubt as to theirgenuineness, and it is stated that heintends to publish them in a. book.oTo Clean Brass.To clean brass cut lemon in halves,dip it in kitchen salt and rub over thebrass till the stains disappear. Thenrinse in warm water and polish with aduster dipped in powdered whiting.wo sniEStatements That May Be Investigated Testimony of ParisCitizeniiTRADE AT HOMEyIn the last issue of our directory, thefollowing short paragraphs were published with reference to "Trading atHome":"Trade at Home. If you reside andmake your money in Bourbon County,don't you think you should spend ithere? This is what it takes to keep atown alive."When a Paris citizen comes tothe front, telling his friends andneighbors of his experience, you canrely on his sincerity. The statementsof people resiuing in far away placesdo not command your confidence.Home endorsement is the kind thatbacks Doan's Kidney Pills. Suchtestimony is convincing. Investigation proves it true. Below is a statement of a Paris resident. No stronger proof of jmerir can be had.Joe IO'ely, prop 'ietor shce repairshop 11 Seventh street, says: "Doan's Kidney Pills did me a world ofgood and I take pleasure in recommending them to anyone sufferingfrom kidney comply i nt and my backached most of thy time. Kidneys wereweak and the secretions were highlycolored and contained sediment. Ilost sleep at night as there was nolet up to the pain in my back. Igot four boxes of D nan's Kidney Pillsat Arderv's Drue Store and usedthem according- to directions. TheyjH'rid me of the trouble entirely."I Pi ice 60c, at .all dealers. Don't5 I simply ask for a Kidney remedy getYj.Doan'F Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Kiely had. Foster-Milbur-n Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oWizards of the Wires.Until about 1S70 the Morse singlemessage systems were the only oneswhich had proved practical. Theduplex method, the sending of twomessages in opposite directions simultaneous! v. was perfected by .7. B.! Steams in 1872. The duplex, the sending of two in the same direction at thesame time, was invented by ThomasEdison in 187... who also invented thequadruples system in 1S74.MQNSy BACKwithout question if Hunt'Slfails in the treatment of Eczema.Tetter.Rineworm.Itch.etc. Doa'tbecome discouraged because othertreatments failed. Hunt's Salrahas relieved hundreds of suchcam. You can't lose on ourMoney Back Guarantee. Tryit at our risk TODAY. Price 75cFor sale locally byFor SaleDrugg.sl.byLOBBRDORPEIi,Paris, Ky.Same Thought in Great Minds.Carlylf vron of "One life a littlegleam of time between two eternities."Marcus Aiirelnis had written, "Deemnot life a thin: of consequence, forlook at the yawning void of the futureand at that other limitless space, thepast." The old Saxon, Bede, likenedman in his earthly life to a sparrowflying out of the dark night into thelighted banquet hall for a momentonly, and then out again into the blackand unknown night.IT CAN BEDYED OR CLEANEDThat last year's suit or dress can be made to appear like a Nmw Oil.Snd Via Parcel Post.SWISS CLEANERS & DYERSLouisville, Ky.909 6th Street(Incorporated)"If you feel the Need of a little Trip,Take it- But Buy Your Goods in Parisand Bo&srbosi County."Opinions Differ.It's impossible to please everybody,and if a gir'. has what we in our ignorance consider a good figure, theneighbor women say she is bunchy.Ohio State Journal."ParisMerchants Guarantee TheirGoods and Grant Credit, Then WhyShould You Spend Your EVloney Elsewhere."PARIS HOME TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH COMPANY(INCORPORATED)J. i. VEATCH, WILLIAM BOWLING,District Supt- Local Mgr.&bmghter;,j&vjsmNt;-E?CZ. TMl HJ .iJust HistoryMM I Mil MI 1 J 1 1 1 1 1H t I IIMimilM !STOP! LOOK!LISTEN !Our 25 Per Cent. StockReducing Sale will be Continued Through the HolidaysEverything goes at a saving to you of25 per cent. We have a nice line ofDoll Furniture to which we inviteyour inspection. Take a look and beconvinced that we have the pricesthat are right.minrnHnraemnxmiiiuiiiiiDriWaddellsPik Rente32BIOmOSIE2BHMiaildvDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedj an until you have tried Dr. Waddeil'aPile Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guaranteed to give absolute aatufaction orJnoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourdruggist If not write us.edicineCo.Sm'rthsGroVe.KyJBROOKS & SNTPP.Paris. KentuckyIn 76The Colonial DameSttun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time. does nassHer home was litBy flickering: Gas.But the srirl of to-davWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.E.M.WHEELERFURNITURE CO,ROBNEEL BU1LD3NGEIGHTH AND MAINlasaTaaTaaTaaTja---- .J-.--..-. ---. - ,. .1Paris Gas & Electric Co.WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents.No commissions. Guaranteed quality.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumberland Phone 78 PARIS, KENTUCKYv..4ji pA "HP "TFUtlS3 I. LOSySi,r Z iS.QE? '1 IrBII MlfSvli taUUEUP& 3 1 ltiLOwisig to new conditions In general and the going out of the o!d year we have arranged a SPECIAL CUT PRICESALE. STARTING FRIDAY, JAN. 7th.Aii our merchandise on display and our large reissue stocks on hand will take part in this sale. WE ARE DISREGARDING COST ENTIRELY.Best All Wool Army Blanket, SpecialHeavy Flannel and Wool Shirts$2.50 to $4.75Wool Gloves25cAll Kinds of Sox20c to 50come or ouCrompton Corduroy Pantsm asReclaimed Russett ShoesDress Pants, $6.00 Values$3.25Officers' Dress Shoes, Finest QualityLeatherS7.45Aimy Regulation Shoes You 'Can'tBeat ThemS6.75Sheep Lined Coats12.95 to $16.95Overalls and Jackets$1.65Rain Coats$8.95 to $14.95Army Overcoats$9.95Wool Mixture Union Suits$1.95High Grade Underwear85cWork Shirts95cSweaters$1.95These are Just a Few of the Many Bargains That Go to Make This the Greatest Money Saving Sale.Store Open During Week 7 A. M. to 8 P. M. Saturdays 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.Send Us Your Mail Orders If You Cannot Attend Our SalesMoney orders or certified checks must accompany all orders. Merchandisenot satisfactory, we will refund your money. SPECIAL DISCOUNTS TOMERCHANTS WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.i7.aVDow BuildingMain StreetLook For TheRed Flagr 3-TSSpanyBDVfe&fc.'-& r-tf--"- r-X V -V-"VSrAGI EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANITART 7, 1111Vvf J1'!'At!.bTMATRIMONIAL.RELIGIOUS.-Countjr Clerk PearcePatOll ' Tl a T -Dair T a-nria TXT T3?iT.i-naeu a u-aniac ucen&n weanes- D. D Bishop of the Diocese of Lexlay io Claude T. Hillock, 31, Nich- ington, will preach at the rooming Iwuu cuumy, ami jyiiss neien i-uray, service in St. Peter's church, Sun-t - i.'.iiitc krnir -,23. Route 5, Paris.day. A cordial invitationtended to all to attend.Jis ex- jAlsAMO1AND1(OPERA HOUSElA I , J2:00 to 5:307:OOIto 10:30& msrrlava llnanoa tttic- icciiorlwt r,o. iw oiai, ' ' The Preshvterian Christian En-cxce Paton. Tuesday to Tilford deavor will meet at 6:30 Sunday i"Burnett. Jr., of Paris, and Miss evening in the parlors of the church.r.r v. fluffs f nr TTflrmrie. i The leader is Miss Louise Fisher...v.. , ..,, . ...v,,,.! ,nillUl 'oThe subject will be, "The MostHelpful Passages In The Bible." AWILLIAMSON RENICK large attendance is requested."M5e fiitVifri "Willi n.murm I -wr t -i :.,.. cn.nl4,r"i'' vfcv -v. iU.uu, i 'me women s .vjssiunujy outictydnugMer of Mr. aad Mrs. John Elli-'of the Christian church will hold atl Williamson, of Paducah. andlmeet.ing in the church parlors 'hisUHJ J. ifUO 1W-1K.", "- II Av...j2-sx. Avre married Wednesday arterpooh, at the home of the bri'de, inPnducah. They vili reside in Winr&crter. Mr. Renick is well-known4Ti Faris where he has been a frequent visitor. He is a grandson of.Mrs. Wm. H. Renick, and a nephew. Mrs. James Duncan Bell and fi.afternoon ai 2:30 o'closk. Mrs.Harry Baldwin's, group will be incharge of the program. The mem-: bers are asked to learn thu nid-den answers."M.Renick, of Pane.-o-SWIFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCEMARKET REVIEWPoultry movement was very light,a usual, duiing holiday week.There is still a 'air amount of poultry to be moved in some sections,-o.nd indications point to somewhathigher values. The demand forPressed poultry from the cor.Fumingtrade is very goodFresh egg production continuesabove normal for The time of theyear The egg market will be governed mostly b weather conditionslor the next sixty days, wTith probsbly pretty wide fluctuations in the-giiTerent markets.Butter at its present level of-values is meeting with better dcatand, and as this demand is mostlyfar fresh product, the tendency isjtor advancing prices.The demand is also better forsxorage butter, due to the shortageof fresh stock.- oBIRTHS.:Mr. and Mrs. Oscur Taylor Hinon are receiving and acknowledgingcongratulations upon the birth oftheir second child, vho came to theirhome on Saturday, January 1, NewYear's Day. The young lieiv is agirl. Mrs. Hinton was formerlyStiss Elizabeth Whitridge.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHThe public is cordially invitedto attend the services of this churchSunday, January 9. The subject ofthe sermons will be "God In -TheHome" at the regular morning hourand "Sources of Crime" at the regular evening hour. With the eyesof the Nation focussed on the present fearful crime wave, such questions as "What are the sources of allt-his, p.riire? Hare we the seeds of itin our cvii midst? What are we doner to stamp out the beginnings ofcrime?" Such questions are of vitalinterest to all men. Such questionswill be the theme of the ovuiingservice &t the Freobyteiian church.Rev. T. S. Smylie, the pastor, wiltpreach at both tervices. SundaySchool at 9:30 a. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m.TO-DAY, FRIDAYJustine JohnstoneINDesirable Carined GoodsSold Regardless of CostCHRISTIAN CHURCH CALENDAR.Sunday Bible School. 9' 30 a.in., Morning Worship, 10:15 a. m.-,Mission Band, 2:30 p. in., ChiistiauEndeavor, 6:30 p. m., Evening Worship, 7:00 j m. , Monday MaleChorus Practice, 7:00 p. m. Tuesrinv Wnmrn's Sonietv. 2:30 P. m.Wednesday Prayei Meeting, 7a0p. m. Friflay Choir Practice, 7:30p. pi.'the Christian Endeavor Societyof the Christian church will meet inthe church parlors Sunday night at6:30 o'clock, leader, Harold Snivly.At the meeting lasz week the following pfficeis were elected to serve forihe first half of the new year:President, M. M. Sheffield; vice-president,Miss Nancy Young; secretary,Miss ElizibeUr Rule; treasurp-,Miss Mattie Baldwin.A spiiited contest for membership is being waged by the membersof the Mission Band of the Christianj church. At the lost meeting MissHarriet KersiaKCs group via uu.with ten members. Every boy andgirl between the ages of -six andfourteen is invited to become a(member. Come to the meeting atihe church Sunday afternoon anagive vour name to one of the following leaders: Harriet Kerslako,Francis Chirk, L. U. Chappell, Elis":Monison, Louise Bannister or Richard Batler.o"Blackbirds"Smugglers, A Countess, Millionairesand a Love Story.A painting of the Madonna, for whicha millionaire paid a fabulous price', is thecenter of the thrilling plot of "Blackbirds,'' a moving picture that movesevery minute.Justine Johnstone, the beautful newstar who is taking the fans by storm, playsthe part of the heroine.Also ANTONIO MORENOin "THE VEILED MYSTERY"And Snub Pollard Comedy,"Mamma's Boy"Tomorrow, SaturdayMadlain TraverseIN"The Spiritof Good"Prom the Heart of the World to theedge of the world goes a Broadway showgirl in "The Spirit of Good."It is a drama of woman's power forgood over men.Monday, Jan. 10thSessue HayakawaINiiLi Ting Lang"ALSOAUICJBi HOWELL'Her Bargain Day"inThis is a picture which departs radically from former productions of thisstar, and shows him at his best a ChinesePrince, Americanized and educated in alarge university. It is a picture that willthrill and grip you when you see it, andmake you think when you leave" thetheatre.Also a Century Comedy"LOOSE LIONS"and Pathe ReviewAdmission:Adults 27c plus 3c war tax 30cChildren and Gallery 18c plus 2c war tax 20cGregg's Orchestra Plays Afternoon and EveningDEATHS.METCALFEHenry C. Metmlfe, -iged seven-ly-six.fenper Pastmasler of Carlisleand a gallml Confederate veteran,dh.'d suddenly at his home m rhatcity, Saturday night. He was engaged in the grocery business. Heis survived by his widow and sixchildren, oiie of whom, William RMetcalfe, is a resident of Millersburg, this county. TMie funeral washeld at the Methcdist ehu'eh inCarlisle, Tuesday morning at 10:30o'clock, wii-h services conducted byTtev. M. T Chandler. The burialfollowed in the Carlisle Cemetery,where committal lv vices were heldby the Masons.GRAHAMIn order o get the room to enlargeany tea room, I will sell out myToclt of groceries nd canned goodsregardless of cost. Come in and get;rour groceries :.t wholesale prices--MIe they last.Here are a few of the many bar-?mrliancairsSndard California CHANCE FOR PROSEPECTIVEpoac&e in Fyrup, 20 cents. BDILBEES CONTRACTOR L0-Small cans California Apricots in; flAT'FS IN PARIS' TT.ivinsr bousdit and moved into t-hrj Rion propei ty on Second street. I amGibson T. Graham, aged fiftyfour, Jied at his home in Frankfort.Tuesday morning, as a result of infernal injuiies rece'ved Friday in afall. Mr. Graham is survived bytwo daughters, ine sister, twobrothers and sev;ial nieces andnephews He wan an uncle of Mr.Thos. W. ?picer, of Taris.The funeral was held at the liomnof R. II. Graham, in Frankfoft.Wednesday afternoon ac 1:30o'clock, with services conducted byRev. J. T. McGlothin, pastor of tiioFrankfort Baptist church. Theburial followed in the FrankfortCemetery. The pall-bearers w.re-1 . .. ,. ... iI ant ' S1X OJ n,s lieimwwHon i :JOE B. SMITHCANDIDATE FORCOUNTY TAX COMMISSIONERX WITTI. - FRANK COLLINS AS DEPUTYSUBJECT TO 'DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY, AUG, 2, 1921YOUR SUPPORT AND 1NFLUANCE SOLICITED.s;.rup, 20 cents.Large cans Standard California-Teach-s, in syrup. 3d cents. ,Xrfirire cans fancy California inm tod neymanentlv in Paris.aeaches. in syrup, 4 0 cents. Loiipit nn nnnortunitv to figureLarge cans fancy California Apri-1 buildings and repairs of ail kinds,cots, in syrup, 40 cents. I Buildings constructed either by conSmall cans grated pineapple, 27. j tract 0r day work by competent raersents. .only. ' fAo-pf n consul! he BOURliO'NNo 2 fancy lonvloes. 2 cans o- Inside repalr Vork and improve- j B SERVICE STATION as to.';. nems. ,-nnnto c inn i hP nunt; iiu. ociuir5:NEV7 BATTERIESif yoi, lu ve not an EXIDE d'-.n'ttery inspect ion.(ItCMrs.. Ellis' Cash GroceryOpposite Court House.-o-enre of baiteries for the winterhe uses neeaea lor aiuruu l j-nui..ters to begin work jusi n soon a-;weather will permit.To communicate withP.nmherland Phono 899. vj -rrri it t.ho office of theLumber Company.J (3-21) IlOMER L. RANKIX'. 111111 S MilNo. 2, fancy tomatoes, z canb ior , qm.in!r building begins, lenantjzzo cenis.No. 2 ftandard pears, 15 ':entsAll canned soups 10 cents.Potatoes, per peck, 45 cents.All other goods in prcportion.LODGE NOTESiiv cal' i"S" jeave Ninteen-twenty Avas a1 , ,". ". Ivnnr for nracticallv all thei-smirnmi .- - - .Trade at Home and Make Our Store "HomerPrice Smashing Footwear SaleAll RemainingOnTFyour Coffee -Pothas boiled too oftenIf too many cups of coffeehave set your stomachand nerves on edge, putthe pot on to boil again-But this time usePOSTUMbannerleading:1 fj.itprnni oi ders in Paris and Kentucky Recovering from the setIback paused by the war, scores of5 ! new members were added in Paris,j thousands in the State, lodges dormant for several yeas were revived,and activities neglected were tacnii n anew.A still more successful year is !looked forward to in 1921.iH ISiI I AAVCerealin place of coffeeBoil it a full fifteen minutes after boiling startsand you. will bring out itsrich, satisfying flavor.The benefit to health willsoon be apparent.During the year just passed, the ji Masonic order has raised approxi- jJ mately $ 9 00,0 00 of the million dollar! endowment fund for the Masonici Widows' and Orphans' Home at liOUihville. The remaining hundred' thousand will be raised within thenext three or four months, it is believed by G. Alliior. Holland, chair-, man of the campaign. In print oiI membership increase and activity,'ihe year has been a great me forjail branches of the order."Uteres a ReasonMade "byXbstum Cereal Compaigr,Inc.NBattle Creek,Michigan.VI PniTiiu'i3I - WMIUBi .I hM T ..-SSSKr1 '.u.A A Brvm...- -ft - .- "c 'sOlK7.4.8I At the regular meeting of tl.Pvthian Sisters, held in the K. oi P.! lodge room last night the officers for1921 recently elected weie installed,j There was also WGrk in the initiatory degrt-e. conferred by the degreeteam.I The Fin-t Rnak was conferred on!, inr?ft class of candidates lastnight at the meeting of Rat phoneLodge Nr. 12. K. of P. After thework hrd been confured 'and reading of the financial repoit the ouicqt recently elected were inialleain their several stations.A -handsome new player piano,purchased from the Steinway Company, of Cincinnati, was in&tahcd..r.oif nftprnnoii in the lodgeioom of Bourbon Lodge 1. 0. O.F.A. J. Lovely Company, No. 34.Uniform Rank KnightB of Pythias,will have their first meetirg oi tnc ivear on next Wednesday night,Jannarv 12, at 7:T.O o'clock. apt. jVm. V. Dudley sends out the,fcifor-mation that Hiere will br iomethmg ,doins at this meeting, and that allthe membeiF should be present. jo r-n i nnavnlnilipd fltO.t tha t"low worms are much mrfre brillmnjust 'before an approaching ttstoimOffering you the greatest shoe values of the season. Thousands of thenewest Fall Styles in Footwear are offered in this price-smashing sale at a fractionof their real value. Don't delay! This sale is your great opportunity to buy thechoicest in footwear atUnheard-of Prices! ,Ladies' most beautiful $2.50 and $3.00 gradesHouse Slippers, fur and ribbon trimmed,leather or cushion soles, in black, gray, pink,rose and blue.Sale price $1.9dLadies' $2.00 Black and Grey Felt, plushtrimmed, leather soles.Sale price $1.49Ladies' $2.50 Felt Slippers, leather soles.Sale price . $ 1 -4Children's Red Top Rubber BootsSale price $2.24Special Sale of Ladies' Tan Boots, Englishand French Heels, values to 8.00.Sale price S4.95Special Sale of Ladies' Tan and Black KidEnglish Lace Boots,. values to $7.00.Sale price :$3.99Boys' S4.00 Shoes.Sale Price $2,99Men's $3.00 Grades in Fine Felt Slippers ingray and black, leather soles and heels.Sale Price $1.99Men's 12.00 Grey and Black Felt Slippers,leather soles.Sale Price .$1.49Special Sale Men's Tan and Gun Metal Shoes,$7.00 values.Sale Price $4.95Misses' and Children's House Slippers, allsizes.Sale Price 99cOur Entire Stock of Fall Shoes On Sale at Reduced PricesDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beautyand Economy ReignTOOTm.iTi&-? rs:.than at t.ny other vnne-&c??. .jyf iu-v.'r,?--u .i'yf ".''ifcn .rjrrJ,- . ' - s. " :t. .. - ,...