'j- rv"7-p-.y ifr.Vi vt r yt'fJ HEg,p lr. Mv 4 f . - ,t1 r.?.f:n: ' '' &rs s-?-,'i.T. fcrwPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.l -iVOLUME XLIPARIS, B&URBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 27.1921?pr" "V- ' v-- -w? .T Si" V.JVIrf- ail-T-fci - V. - . t - k.- .. -. - W-VMiMifcjP!T'r7i " -!-- FTT"ii'- T- '"Z ' - . , , .- if: ,i iai it iimii im mm mmwaHh H H Hm HH BHf HHf H '-HHr 'HHf H H HI Hi HiHflB HV HJ ' HHVVftVJXPLEA EOE SIMPLICITYGRADUATION DRESSESIN IP. H. S. DOMESTIC SCIENCE GLASSSUPPER 'The schools of Paris and thecounty are now planning for graduation exercises of their seniorclasses, and for exhibitions thatshall conclude the year's work. Thecost of graduation has been one reason why many people fail to sendtheir children through" school, particularly their daughters. Where agirl imust have two handsome dressesin order to make a good showing, besides gloves, fans, flowers, rings,pictures, engraved invitations, andnn artrt nf fnccr IotqiIcj if ic o i-Tmrden on the backs of a hard-workingfamily.Frequently a family with slendermeans, has spent just as much asothers. They hated to admit any inferiority. The girl of wealth mightbe indifferent to expenditure, because she- could wear handsomegowns on most any old occasion.But it was the poor girl's one chance-to make a spurge, and she proposedto go the limit.School authorities ought to stopthat kind of thing. Graduating exercises should be made simple anddemorcatic, so they should be nobarrier to the family of small means.The plan for having girls maketheir own clothes for graduation hasbeen adopted in many schools. Suchan idea could be well recommendedto the young" folks of Paris. Girlgraduates thus attired win admiration for their skill and initiative andcommon sense, more than they would.ever get for any expenditure theywould make -with costly dressmakers.Boys who invite girls to attendthe festivities of these occasionssometimes feel that they must spendmoney lavishly on automobiles andflowers. A mother said the otherday that the girls care nothing forsuch attentions and would just assoon walk to a dance. Money hasbeen coming very easy to some boysthrough the period of high wages,but the time will come when theywill need it.-oWILL PROBATED.In the- County Court at Carlisle,the will of Henry C. Mann, formerlyof Paris, who died at his home inthat city, some time ago, was admitted to probate. His son, F. M. Mann,of Carlisle, wras named as admiiiis-,trator of the estate, and qualified' forthe trust, no bond being required.Charles P. Mann, of Paris, is one ofthe heirs to the estate.Members of the Domestic Scienceclass of the Paris Public School, under direction of Miss Stella Rierson,gave a supper in the High Schoolgymnasium, Tuesday night, atterdedby a large number of Paris businessmen and women. The supper wasprepared by the members of the class.Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, deliveredthe invocation. Charles H. Richards,song " evangelist, sang several numbers. At the close of the supper A.B. Hancock, president' of the CityBoard of Education, called on Rev.Jesse R. Kellums, for a five-minutetalk. Rev. Kellums' remarks werechiefly with reference to Paris beinga City built upon the hills of progressiveness, morality and religion, forwhich reason she could not be hid.Misses Ellen Blanding and AdrienneEnnis furnished a short musical program, which was followed by theprincipal address, delivered by Rev.Dr. Ira Boswell, pastor of the Georgetown Christian church. Dr. Boswell took for his subject, "The SchoolTTnnsp As An Investment for TheFuture." He praised the publicschool system and public scnooibuilding of Paris, and dwelt upon thenecessity of improvement of the present generation over the past. Wm.E. Hacker, Secretary of the ParisCommercial Club, in behalf of theClub, in whose honor the supper wasgiven, presented Miss Rierson andher class .with a five-pound box ofbonbons.o -ONE CENT SALETHE REXALL ONE CENT SALENOW GOING ON AT VARDEN'SDRtJG STORE.FRESH FISH FOR TO-DAY.Nice fresh fish received to-dayand to-morrow. Remember wedress fish free and deliver thempromptly.MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKET.PARIS COMMERCIAL CLUB NOTESA imeeting of the newly organizedCommunity Service Committee washeld at the home of Miss Lucy B.Simms, on Second street, Tuesdayevening when 'articles of incbrporatione were drawn up and adopteded. These articles will be filedwith the Secretary of State immediately. The purpose of the organization, as stated in the articles, is odevelop more adequate community recreation, with immediate attentionothe playgrounds for children and thedevelopment of other park and playspaces. By means of this work, theeffort will be to create a more active community spirit. A verypleasant feature of the meetingTuesday evening was the provisionMiss Simms had made for those present. Cigars were served to the men,and bonbons to the ladies.This final form of organization fisthe result of the initiative taken bythe Commercial Club and the Woman's Club to encourage and promoteplaygrounds and parks for Paris.The local Community Service organization will be afliliated with theNational Community Service, withheadquarters in New York. Throughthe medium of this national organization they will be able to receivethe advantages of experience alongthese lines in all parts of the country.BOURBON COUNTY HSHGAME CLUR.ANDSCHOOL NOTES.The closing recitals of Miss Gilt-:ner's classed in music will be given At a meeting of Bourbon countyin the Auditorium of the City School devotees of the Yod and gun held inat Paris, Kentucky, Monday evening, the court house, a permanent orgaMay 30th, at 8 o'clock and Tuesday nization of the Bourbon County Fishevening, May 31, at same hour. The ana Game Club was effected by thepublic is cordially invited. election of the following officers:Mr. and Mrs. Charles Walls, of Ayelette Buckner, president; Chas.Little Rock entertained the graddat- -w. Spears, vice-president; Jamesing class of the Little Rock Graded d. McClintock, secretary and treasSchool, with a dining. About twen- Urer.ty-five guests were present for the President Buckner appointed apccasion. The 1921 graduating class -committee composed of J. Sims Wilis composed or Misses unzaDem uur- son Harry Baldwin, Tilden Duncan,ris and Lillian Crump, and ClarkWells. .Miss Mabel Templin, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin, ofSouth Main street, Paris, has beenre-elected 'to the position of teacherof expression at the Little RockGraded School. Miss Templin is agraduate of the Paris High School,where she attained high honors. Sheis an accompusnea musician anu , parnif foy the club,gifted in other lines of 'an educa- i m,l fnrmntinn nfCharles W. Spears, Wm. B. Arderyand Alfred Clay, to solicit membersin the organization. The membership fee' was placed at $2.00 peryear. The president was authorizedto appoint an Executive Committeeof twelve members. Alfred Clay wasappointed chairman of a committeeto arrange for a fish fry to be givenon Tuesday, May 31,. at Xalapational nature.Among the Bourbon county diplo-The formation of the Bourbon Fishand Game Club' rieht direction.is a step nf theBourbon countyma graduates, examined in Bourbon sportsmen, and not "pot-hunters"couniy on may tv auu x, wwc tllc ' are . the most loyal in tne state,following, who led the list: They believe in the observance ofMiss Mary Ewalt Clay, aged thir- fish and game-iaws and the properteen; of the school at Fisherville, j respect those laws, and in theKy., achieved an average of 94. She i principles of true sportsmanship.is a daughter of Henry Clay, of , ,. . ,, will hfi to heh the samef v. fnntnrDo nf thp Na- Snencer county, formerly of Paris. ,jq OT1frro tho laws, and totional movement is to provide speci- Miss Lillian Donaldson, R. F. D. 4,-that end they should have the earn-WOOL WANTEDWE ARE IN THE MABKET POBWOOL. CALL AND GET SACKS.B. B .HUTCHCBAFT & CO.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANTO ATTEND GOOD BOADS JON-VENTIOHA delegation from Paris and Bourbon county will go to Covington onWednesday, June 1, to attend thesessions of the Northern KentuckyGood Roads Convention. Plans forthe inauguration of extensive roadbuilding in Northern and CentralKentucky are to-be discussed at thisconvention, according to membersof the Good Roads Association. Ita on?r wpflneRdav that large delegations from Parts, Lexington,Irankfort, Cynthiana, Falmouthand other nearby cities, would attend. Members of Fiscal Courtsfrom adjoining counties have beeninvited to attend the sessions.alists in lines of work that is beingpromoted locally. Carrying out t-nisidea it is expected that Miss SophieFishback will arrive in Paris aboutthe first of June to, demonstrate certain playground activities and to develop local people for leadership ofsuch activities.Since this is a community organization, it is felt that it should bethnrmie-hlv democratic. The articlesof incorporation have been so drawnup that all members of the-communitymay participate in its supportand the benefit to be derived. DiM H. Dailey, who is deeply 'interested in parks and playgrounds development, and, who served as chairmanof the playgrounds committee of theCommercial Club, was recently elected president of the Community Service organization. Mayor H.. a. January is vice-president, and GrovorBaldwin, treasurer. The other members of the committee are Mrs. Thos.Henry Clay, Jr., Mrs. W. H. Whitley,Miss Lucy B. Simms, Miss ImogeneRedmon, Mrs. James McClure, Catesby W. Spears, M. Peale Collier, JohnChristman, Dr. J. A. Orr, WilliamCollins, Judge Denis Dundon and b.H Gorey. This will be known asWo -Rnnrd of Managers, and severalother members will be added in thnear future.Paris, student at. the MUlersburg f Qlim,ort of all classes, who bePublic School, achieved an average , n in the enforcement of law.of 94. Miss Dorothy Pepper, student 0at the Paris City scnooi, received an :average of 94.As a result of the recent eightngrade examination lgures show that Jthe average mark for girl students'ONE CENT SALEOK AGADT, OFF AOkXM "In asking about the unsatirfactory telephone service the otaer days,it was explained to us in a manrthat ought to be accepted by the patrons and overlooked to a cerain extent. It is as follows:"At 1 p. m. two new operatorscome on duty and two old onee gogo off; at 7 o'clock the night operasume duty again and the new onesgo aff; at 7 o'clock the night operator comes on, etc., etc. The nightwork is generally better than theday work and you can set serviceif the line is not busy and you dom'tneed new batteriesr etc., etc."'With such an explanation as theabove it looks like the public is asking too much. Let's be a little morelenient we didn't know the circumstances. At Jefferson City, Mo., Wednesday,the State Public Service Commiaefonruled that telephone subscribers barea right to use abusive language atleast once to telephone operatorwhen connections are not satisfactory. The ruling was made in thecase of George H. Oxford, Daviess .county farmer, who sued to haveSwrvice restored by the Carlow Telephone Co. f Oxford's telephone hadbeen removed following an altercation with a young man in charge tfthe exchange ut Carlow.In making the' ruling the Commie-jsion stated that a single instance ofuse of abusive language' was Botgrounds for discontinuance of, sendee.Mention of a similar decision by tieIllinois commission was made in thedecision." --IIIIIHHIUlllllHinimtfHHI""11'111'11!I FRANK & CO. ILADIES' OUTFITTERSTHE REXALL ONE CENT SALEarwrr nnrNrn. nw AT VAPIYRTTSwas 84.8 per cent, while the average r-CTvyRT?for boys was 82 per cent. The re- DKUbr blUim.port shows that out of the eighty-1three white children who took the ex I -rtjCKING AGAINST OUR DIXIEaminanon; mens weie i.un.j-v--1 O 1 -ms.. nn-rtT nt 'LO-V UU1 lCUl.. u-SPECIAL SALEONWASH WAISTS$1 .50EACHNOTES FROM "EANDOM"The S. S. Price Co. base ball teamdefeated the Centerville team Sunday afternoon on the Centei?villegrounds by a score of 9 to 4. Thebatteries were Marques and Doggins for the Price team, and Smithand James for Centerville.There will be no game at the Secrmd street nark Sunday afternoon,for the Ruggles team. The diamondwill be occupied by two coloredteams. Paris will play the Versaillesteam on the local grounds next Monday, May 30, Decoration Day. melocal team expects a number -!changes in the line-up, tending tostrengthen weak points.Two ardent base ball fans in thegrand stand at the Paducah LeaguePark do not go out to see the game.They go to hear it. Both are totallyblind. These fans are Will Arnoldand Edward Pyle, of Mayfield. Theynever miss a game. JNeitner can cwhat gpes on in the diamond, butthey can follow a game through, seldom missing a play.a cfrnir rnrnnrinv has taken overthe Mt. Sterling baseball club. Anew grandstand will be erected, newuniforms purchased, new players secured, and an effort will be made tomake it one of the strongest senuTvnfoccsinTinl teams in the State.Games will be scheduled with Central Kentucky towns.In a ten-inning game on the MUlersburg grounds Tuesday the Carlisle team met defeat at the hands ofthe Millersburg base ball club by ascore uf 3 to 2.Eleven nunils. or 16 Vz pergirls fifty-nine per cent, ot tne class.Eleven pupils, of 13 per cent, .ofthe class of eighty-three had avergiosabove ninety per cent. Out of theeleven, eight were girls and threeboys. Among the sixteen negro pupils who took the examijiation therewere eight girls and eight boys.Only one of these received an averageabove ninety per cent, and this wasone of the boys. The average pnarkof the white children was eighty-fourper cent, and for the colored children83 13-16 per cent.The honor pupils were: AliceBurton, 12, Paris, 91; Mary EwaltClay, 13, Fisherville, 94; DudleyDeaver, 12, Paris, 91; Lillian Donaldson, 15, Paris, 92; William Judy,13, Paris, 91; Dorothy Pepper, 14,Paris, 94; Mary Spears, 12, Paris,93; Anne C&ywbod Taibott, 12,Paris. 92; William Hinton, 14, Paris.90; Alma Tabor, 14, e-acocK -ik.,90; Florence Thomas, 14., Paris, 90,John Finch, 15, (colored) Paris, 92.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, superintendent of the Paris Public Schools,who for the past year has been president of the Southern Club at theColumbia University, in New Yorkis now arranging for a group ofSouthern students, who will leaveLexington on Sunday, July 3, arriving in New York on Monday, July4, in time to register for the openingof Columbia College, on July 5.All Bourbon county children whov.,r tni-oTi the p.nuntv didoma examination, during the past year,are requested to be present at theHigh School auditorium this (Friday) afternoon, May 27, at fouro'clock, to arrange for county commencement. All Bourbon countyteachers interested in the Bourboncounty summer school are requestedto be present at the same time andplace.HIGHWAYA thousand persons are expectedto -attend the burgoo and Dixie Highway meeting which will be given onthe college campus, in Georgetown,to-morrow, by the members of theGeorgetown Boosters' Club.Several ' prominent out-of-townspeakers will explain to the peoplethe highway situation as it nowstands and discuss the significanceof the highway's permanent construction. Talks will be ' given bylocal business men. .About S3 00 will be-spent by theBoosters' Club and QWrgetown merchants providing burgoo. and lunchfor the guests. The GeorgetownCollege orchestra, under the direction of C. E. True, willJEurnish music. Dr. Ira M. Boswell, who attended the highway meet in Chattanoogalast week as a delegate from theBoosters' Club; will make a report.DON'TEORGET. ITDONE.MUST BETAHT'S SO? YOU HAVE TOBUY A GRADUATION GUT. ANDTHE PLACE TO GET IT IS AT THEHOtlSE OE QUALITY.(17-tf) SHIRE & EITHIAN. ,ERECTING MONUMENTSThe Murray & Thomas Monumental Co., of Paris, recently erectedtwo monuments in Harrison county,one for the late B. F. Whitaker, atSunrise, and one for James J. McCauley, at Salem, besides severalothers in the county. The firm i3represented at Oddville by WalterWhittaker.YOUTHFUL OFFENDERS BROUGHTTO TIMEBIRTHS.At Little Rock, to the' wife ofProf. Bryan Roberts, of the LittleRock Graded School, a son, namedMarion Roberts..-o5cAll hand made waistsin yoile and batiste willbe sold at-;r, .20REDUCTIONttX""SHOP AT HOME"FRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERS7 iUUiiHI iiiMlllliiiimWOOL WANTEDWE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL AND WE ARE PAYING THEHIGHEST MARKET PRICE.IT WILL PAY YOU TO CALL ONUS BEFOREMAKING OTHER ARRANGEMENTS. WE FURNISHSACKS.WILL RECEIVE AT MY PLACE,(HUTCHCRAlt ELEVATOR), ORAT LITTLE ROCK.L. D. MITCHELL,AGENT FOR CLARK & THOMASON.PHONES, DAY 1028; NIGHT 296.(15-af)TAKE NOTICE, EDITOR. FISHER.Many of the big chug holes or craters left in the principal streets ofParis were being filled up yesterdayby a force of workmen under the direction of the street department.Many more remain to be similarlytreated. THE NEWS ventured a suggestion several days ago to the effectthat the streets were in bad condition and needed repairing. We don'tclaim credit for the-work being done,but nerhaps the seed fell on pre-I pared -ground and bore fruit. . fCOUNTY SUPERINTENDENT'SBOOKS ARE AUDITED.Hord W. Mann, expert accountant,who was secured by the County Boardof Education to make an audit of theCounty ' School Superintendent'sbooks, has finished his labors andsubmitted his report, which was accepted by the Board and filed. Thereport covers a period extendingfrom Julv 1. 1920. to March 31,1921. The report states that therecords appear to have been properlv kept and that their financialcondition is excellent. The averagecost of a pupil for the period coveredin the report was $27,20.The records of the County HighSchool at Millersburg were also carefully inspected, no excessive expensebeing discovered, considering thescope of the work, according to thereport. The average cost a pupil atthis school was $43.37, giving itfourth place in the schools of thecounty, from the standpoint of cost.The County Board is planning tomake the County High School moreavailable to'the county at large.In an analysis of the report, theBoard of Education finds that "thepresent incumbent, J. B. Caywood.has been faithful tcr his duty as Superintendent, as he sees it; hashandled the affairs in an economicalway, and has been faithful -to thetrust placed upon him." The reportis open for inspection by anyone interested who will call at the Superintendent's office in the courthouse.Charged with having appropriatedto their own uses a fine fishing reelbelonging to Clyde, Keller, of TheSweet Shop, .two boys between theages of ten and twelve, were arrested by Chief of Police Link. The articles were taken from the rear yardof the Sweet Shop, and had been soldto a man for fifty cents.Mr. Keller left a box containingthe reel, several fishing lines andother tackle in the yard, and whenhe went to bring the box in it ha'ddisappeared. As! he left the back doorof the store to search for the missingtackle the two boys came into theyard. Suspecting them' Mr. Kellerinformed Chief Link, who found theI boys, and secured a concession uumthem. The boys went witn me omcer and located the man who hadbought the reel, which was restoredto Mr. Keller.o ;qppcims IN MEATS FORTHIS WEEK ONLYRead over these special pricesin meats for this week:Pure Hog Lard in 50-!b. tinsper lb. HeBest Cured Breakfast Baconper lb 35cCountry Smoked Sausageper lb... '.V 25cFresh Pork Sausageyper lb,. 25cSliced Ham, per lb 40cPork Roast, per lb.. . ....... ,25cVeal Chops, per lb 30cCountry Bean Bacon, per lb. 18cCompare these prices withothers and then phont us yourorder.MARGOLEN'S MEAT MARKETWe Know HowThe Latest ShowingOFSTRAWHATSDOFTEOBCffiT THIS!Monday, May 30, will be holiday.The banks .ann postoffice will be closed. The day is a legal holiday Decoration Day. Do your banking business' on Saturdayand get your postalRimriliP the Rame davThis will saveyou much annoyance and vexation of.spirit Don't say. yoy. forgot thatyou was .warned. ' 1VETERAN PORTER BEADHenry Simith, aged about sixty-five,one of the best-known colored menof Paris, died at the home of hisdaughter in Claysville, Monday nightafter a long illness. Smith for yearswas, porter at the old Bourbon House,afterward the Windsor Hotel, in thiscity, and was known to hundreds oftraveling men who come to Paris.Some years ago Smithwent to Pineville, where he was porter at theContinental Hotel, which was thenunder the management of RobertParks, of Paris. He had been in declining health for some time following hs return frcpn Pineville. Inthe youthful days of the present cityeditor of THE NEWS, Henry Smithwas his guardian and caretaker. Oneof the earliest recollections of ourinfancy is of Henry Smith holdingus in his arms to see a freight trainpass by the old home on South Mainstreet, the road" at' that time beingthe old Kentucky' Central.SIRLIGHT-WEIGHTUNDERWEARSilk SocksLadies' Silk HoseWash TiesFlannel TrousersAll i the above arequality goods of standard makes.If you want the bestsummer goods at the.right prices, see us.See Window Display!"We Know How"MITCHELL &BLAKEMOREStttSMi SfM-ing Hats. uVt?v - .v V-,;.. ;y it ;-i "-k ''1' '' '' ! ' - ' " 'S.rv . '.- -um . ;"i'r ACS TWOTBI BOURBONfAJUS, ; SJEWTUUKYFRIDAY, MAY 17,-im. -'S.A-:'ViPROGRESSIVETEACHERSwill not Mglecttheeold-en opporcumuw wj.xiby th Exttfcsion SummerSchools. One of the bestequipped it Nazareth AcafeMy,Nzareth, Ky. Five weekstef,,Jime22to July 28. JBordd tAli lor entiM -term, -$35.CrcJRutt as State Normals,will fo slowed for mU workdone. Address:vTheDirectressNazareth Academy. Nazareth," KyMlllliHIMIHt4HHS. P. mohney!; Chiropractora :FIFTH YEAR IN PARIS JMilHHMfHIIMiUllSAYS PEOPLE ARE xWlSTUTOWATUEAL GASThe two thousand delegates to the"cpnventipn of the "Natural Gas Association of Ajmerica, at Cincinnati,cheered wnen a mmature gas aerrick erected on the stage of MusicHall began to operate when President Harding pressed a button atth.e White House. Another pressureof the button by the President setan electric fan in operation and thewind f fom it waved a flag which wasset in a horseshoe of flowers.The feature of the oDenins sessionwas an address by I. V. Brumbaugh,gas engineer for the United StatesBureau of Mines. Mr. Brumbaughsaid that expert estimates of thewastage of natural gas for domesticpurposes was 150,000,000,0n) cubicfeet, which if reDlaced with artificialgas would cost $1.25 a thousand ora total of ?37of000,uou. "JNaturaigas is an ideal fuel," he said, "andit is the height of folly, amountingalmost to a crime,, for intelligentI people to waste a natural productwhich is so useful and is disappearing so rapidly."He urged conservation throughchanges made in gas applianceswhich he described to the delegates.GOAL'Thave opened a coal yard nearthe Wilson Seed! Mills. I willsell direct from the mine to theconsumer. I sell the best coal inthe State. It makes the hottestfire, holds heat longer and burnsup cleaner than any other coal.Prices include delivery.Block and Lump $8.00Furnace Coal $5.50Steam Coal $5.50iHeating Stove Coal $5.50;:W J. HOWARDMiner and Shipper of Coalfast Bernstedt and Paris, Ky.Home Phone 163AVOID LOST OR DELAYED MAIL.The postofiice Department at Washington, has forwarded to all postmasters -the following official warning regarding proper marking of mailmatter, so as to avoid loss or delayin forwarding."Avoid Lost or Delayed Mail.TPiirrnsh pnmnlete address, whetherstreet, and number, R. F. D. andnumber, P. O. Box number, or general delivery, and have your correspondents do the same. Have yourcomplete address on every letterhead and envelope. By request ofthe Postofiice Department."J. WALTER PAYNE, P. M."Kisas City Had Ffrvt StMtric Car.fcansas City had the fiwt electric carIn the United States. It wa put iprtooperation May 1, 1885, on a line savCaof Westport, an extension beyond whatwas then known as the "WestportHorse Car Line."BUWMHHK3iin feed builds only part ofthechick, which makes scrawny,sickly, bad-feathered poultry laterSIMCO OATMEAL BUTTERMILK CHICK MASH supplies nourishment not found in grain, such asbuttermilk, sweet wholesome meat,pulverized peanut kernels and a largevariety of other ingredients, all for a purpose in making plump, full-breasted, full-feathered, strong; healthy poultry, in condition to ward off fatal diseases. It costsless to use Simco. You raise more and better chicks. Save a month in developing.IF YOUR NEAREST DEALER DOES NOTHAVE SIMCO, refuse a substitute and write usand we will supply you freight paid to your station.Address THE SIMMONS MILLING CO.,Simco Bldg.,1 to 15 W. Water St., Cincinnati, O.Write for free booklet "About Feeding"(apr29-13tF)Almost as Easy as Wishing"Your breakfast cup is readywithout trouble or delay whenInstant Postumis the table beverage.To a teaspoonful ofInstant Postum in the cup,add hot water, stir, and youhave a satisfying, comforting' drink.delightful in tasteand with no harm to nerues or -digestion . As many cups asyou like, without regret."There's a, Reason"Your grocer sells Postum in two forms;Postum Cereal Cir. packages)ma.de by boiling fall 10 rriiriates 'Instant Postum (in. tins)made instantly in, the cup by adding hot water.Made by Postum Cereal Co. Inc., Battie Crede,Mich.O3CAY BE CAHDIBAT1 FOX FAT-ETTE JTJDGSHIPAccording to what seems wellfounded information Judge HarmonStitt, foitmerly of Millersburg? andParis, will be a candidate for. theoffice of County Judge of PayetteCounty. Judge Stitt moved his lawoffice from Parla to Lexington several years ago, and has built up alucrative law practice there. He isin everyway qualified for the office,and no man at the Lexington bar isbetter fitted to preside over the deliberations of the County Court. Heis an able and talented attorney,thoroughly versed in aft the technicalities and intricacies of the. legalcodes. Bourbon county friends willwatch his candidacy with the g;reatest interest."The Lexington Herald, of Sundayin a- write-up of local political features, has the following:"Possibility of another entry intothe race for County Judge, is rumored, Judge Harmon Stitt, formerly ofMillersburg, and later of Paris, haying stated he is being urged byfriends to announce. Other candidates. Keene Daineerfield, assistantcounty attorney; Magistrate E. H".Doak,, Colonel "Dick" Reed ana J.Franklin Wallace have been conducting an active canvass of "thevoters in the past few days."For SaleSingle Electric 'Fan, only $13.75.SINGER SEWING MACHINE CO.13-4t-F) Pris Ky.For SaleOne-ton Truck; bargain; price$225.00.RUGGLES MOTOR CO.C6may-tf)Sweet Potato flintsQUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing: Habit.No-TorBac has helped thousands tobreak the costly, nerve-shattering tobacco habit. Whenever you have alonging for a smoke or chew, justplace a harmless No-To-Bac tabletin your mouth instead. All desirestops. Shortly tthe habit is completely broken, and 'you are better offmentally, physically, financially. It'sso easy, so simple. Get a box of No-To-Bacand if it doesn't release youfrom all craving for tobacco in anyform, your druggist will refund yourmoney without question. (adv)Stock Market Full of Such.Many a man who is afraid to takea chance loses his money on a "surtthins."For SaleLate model Ford Sedan. Practicallygood as new. Call'O. H. WIKOFF,Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.(24-lt)For SaleKrell grand piano, cheap for cash.Apply toO. L. DAVIS,(24-may-2t) Paris, Ky.For SaleTwo first-class rugs, used only afew weeks. Also a large Wilson gasheater, cot and pnattress. Call3-tf) CUM'B. 'PHON7 871.Ho"B5&3832i"HT'rTBLIVE. CALVES' AND POULTRY OUR SPECIALTYSINCE 1886.WE HAVE MORE ORDERS FOR TOP CALVES AND TOP GRADEPOULTRY. EVERY DAY THAN WE CAN RILL. RAILROAD FACILITIES RIGHT INTO OUR PLANT CONNECT US DIRECTWITH ALL LARGE MARKETS WHICH AFFORDS AN ADVANTAGE IN DISPOSING OF SHIPMENTS. IN ADDITION TO THECINCINNATI MARKET. THIS ASSURES YOU OF THE HIGHESTPRICES OBTAINABLE FOR YOUR SHIPMENTS ON ARRIVALAtiD REMITTANCES DAILY. SHIP CALVES ANY DAY BUT SATURDAY. POULTRY ANY DAY. WRITE FOR TAGS. SJMMONSNORMS, ADDRESS. 2T07W. WATER ST.. CINCINNATI. CvDissolution NoticeThe partnership heretofore existing between L. H. Mulflnger and T.Hough, doing business under thefirm name of T. Hough & Co., hasbeen dissolved by mutual consent. T.Hough retiring. I will not be responsible in the future for bills contracted in the name of the abovementioned firm.(6-lmo) L. H. MULFINGER.First Class CoalWe carry a supply of first-classcoal at all times.We will deliver by truck to anypart of the country at very reasonable prices.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON,Paris, Ky.E. T. Phone 711.- Home Phone 510.(F-tf)Porto Hico and Nacy Halls. Fineplants. 200 for 1.00'; 5-00 $1.75;1,000 4 $2.75, by mail postpaid. Express collect $2.00 per M. Tomatoplants same price. Plant circmlarfree. 'FRUITVALE NURSERIES,(20-4t) Albany, Alabama. J (nov-19-tf)dr. w. j. Kirr. VETERINARIANSttcceMf U Dr. WttstsOflee ImBOUBBOH GAItAGE, PBoth. Phone 347.For Sale PrivatelyA cottage home, in Thornton Division or East Eighth Street, Paris,Ky., containing four rooms and frontand back porch; both electric lightsand gas, water in yard; gardenI spot; and the four sheds m theipremises; has concrete cistern; possession in 30 day; rents for $22.50per month; have good prompt paying tenant.I also offer for sale, complete, anentire outfit for furnishing the abovehouse, that has been in use oneyear. Should be seen to .be appreci-atedMRS. L. E, OWEN,815 Thorntqn Div.Cumb. 'Phone 419. Paris, Ky.(24-2t)To Paris PeopleWhen in Lexington, and in needof a shave, call at the barber shop atNo. 171 North Limestone Street,operated by Buck Freeman, formerlyof Paris. Buck is now located nearthe Interurban switch, on NorthLimestone street, and has the finestshop in the city run. by a colored barber, shaving white people. Interurban cars from Paris stoplight Infront of his door. He asks all hisfriends from Paris to give him a callwhen in Lexington.(6-tf) WM. "BUCK" FREEMAN.m i illin 'n ,jjl iT0 it. now equip her car with Lee Puncture-' " y&KDfif7 Thre.y3ggOV w layers250 I Jf f cas--Zv hardenedSy flj f Steel discsh yySu yjKfoi bedded aA""Zjy $ 1 pure rubber areLN7 Im I built into every Lesf-Oh, Jim! another puncture todayand my gloves, and dress a sight!Why don't you order LEE Punctureproofs for my car, like you put onall your business cars and trucks?kO it. now emtio her car with Lee Puncture-'proof tires. Of course, you already use them onall your business or commercial cars. Thafs a matter,of business economy time-, money- and trouble-saving.But, how about her safety, comfort, driving-confidenceand ease of mind?Doctors, salesmen, contractors all sorts of ownerdriven cars have, long ago, demonstrated the continuous mileage-giving value of these guaranteed-puncture-prooftires.The car of every woman who drives should be fullyequipped with Lee Puncture-proof tires.Do you realize that with four types of pneumaticsto offer, the Lee Dealer is practically giving you a tiremade to order for your particular service?fc"!KBIG 4 MOTOR COMPANYCumb. Phone 891 EIGHTH AND HIGH STS., PARIS, KY. Home Phone 294Some FACTS About-r'-.yeffiOTHlC:THE UNIVERSAL CAR. r,rr ;Here ?ire authentic figures from the Ford factory at Detroit. Theyshow you just how many Ford cars and trucks have been built each monthsince January 1, 1921, and how many have been sold to retail customers, inthe United States.JANUARYFEBRUARYMARCHProduced29,88335,30561,886, Delivered to'Retail Customers57,208' 63,60387,221- .Total Production 127, 074 Total Retail Sales 208,032showing that actual sales for the first three months of 121 exceeded production by 80,958 Ford cars and trucks!-April requisitions already specify 107,719 additional cars and trucksand the estimated April output of the factory and assembling plants combined calls for only 90,000! j-These facts clearly show that the demand for Ford products is growing much faster than manufacturing facilities to produce and were it notfor the dealers limited stocks, which are now being rapidly depleted,many more customers woujd have been compelled to wait for their jears!It will be only a matter of weeks, therefore, until a big surplus of orderswill prevent anything like prompt deliveries.If .you would be sure of having your Ford car or truck when you wantit you should place your order now. Don't delay. Phone us-or drop usa,card, ..'-.' - ' 'T '. . ?&uaates'r. v"- :-.. J,.. . Ivrt .I ;a.' ?WfANr- t c r. -v-V,".VK- , rt "f '-f , . , .-- t - r , .Vt. 7-Lr ?'Vv' ,'w'.r-IXM"J-Vv.v ..&'J? f JL- ,FRIDAY, MAY 27. 1921.BOURBON IfWt," . t 1 VV if W-1V t 3hj-t 4Wsj . -a ":. ' i,.PAC1, tV -nfJj Myi" -A'-!'TOTs,-A'M' iMLuckyStrikecigaretteHEW KEGULATIOHS WR WHISKYPRESCRIPTIONSNew regulations have been prepared which will enable physiciansprescribing whisky for medical purposes to write as many prescriptionsas they consider necessary, prohibition officials said Friday. Underexisting regulations physicians arelimited to 100 whisky prescriptionsever a period of ninety days. Thenew regulations, officials said, wereready for consideration by the newcommissioner of internal revenue.Removal of the limit from the number of prescriptions for whisky, itwas explained, was mads necessaryby the opinion of former AttorneyGeneral Palmer, holding that Congress had rot delegated to the prohibition auihorities the right to fixsrbntrary limitsto the use of whiskyfor medical purposes. The only limitimposed, by Congress, according toMr. Palmer's interpretation of thelaw, officials -asserted, was that riotmore than one pint could be prescribed for any one person -withinten days,HGUBES GIVEB OP U. S. P0PUIAHOH. Pinal statistics placing the totalpopulation of C6ntinental' UnitedStates at 105,710,620, or 27,512 morethan announced last October whenpreliminary figures -were given outwere submitted to Speaker Gillett, ofthe House of Representatives, for ap-0r attention has been called toWOTUOnm?? """the fact that we never saw a bald- wimam m. sieuart, oi me bureau u.headed woman. Well, what of that?There are a good many things wenever eaw. We never saw a womansit on a dry goods box and surroundherself with a filthy pool of extractof tobacco sprayed through her teeth;we never saw her go fishing with abottle of bait in her pocket, sit onthe damp ground, and get drunk atnight; we never saw a woman yankoff her coat, give her pants a hitch,spit onther hands and swear shecould whip any man la town.Come to think of it, there are agood many things we never saw awoman do, and don't want to,either.o - -Santiago, Chile, has one highKEMTUCKYSTOCK BiCV:AND XIVE-MAYWOMEX ABE PECULIAR CEEA' - TUBES.the Census.Final figures place the total popu-l lation of the outlying possessions ofthe United States at 12,148,728,which brings the population for theentire country and its possessions to177,859,358.school attended by more than 1,500girls.Catarrh Can Be CuredCatarrh is a local disease greatly ialuenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous1 Sarfaces ofthe System. .HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE destroys the foundation ofthe disease, gives the patient strength byimproving the general health and assistsnature in doing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney Jb Co.. Toledo. Ohio.Demlmr Wanted in Your City!Briscoe Motor Cars'FIVE BODY STYLESKtystone Motors Co., Inc.634 S. 3rd Street, Louisviil; Ky.A$ 1003 tUem Strt, Cincinnati, Ohio.iliilriThe' condition of Kentucky', nlpfi:crop indicates a probable productionof about 7,851,000 bushels this season, compared to 5,610,000 bushelslast year, according to the May cropreport issued by the U. S. Bureau ofCrop Estimates .in co-operation withState Commissioner of- AgricultureW. C. Hanna. Probable rye production is estimated at about 505,000bushels, compared to 480,000 bushels last year; hay of all kinds about1,661,000 tons compared to 1,508,000tons grown last year. Actual production this season may prove greater or less than these estimates, depending on whether conditions areparticularly favorable or unfavorable between now and threshing timeand hay harvest:Wheat and rye n most countiescame through the winter in goodcondition, but fafjmers in most of thewheat growing Counties report thatwheat Kas been1 injured some by thelate frosts and cord, wet weatherthis snrinr. Kentucky's wheat acreage left for harvest now is estimaxeuat 603,000 acres compared to oou,000 finally harvest'ed last year, butsome farmers report an intention to"hog down" wheat if the priceshould be very low or a poor yieldin prospect at harvest time. Condition thiB month is 93 per cent, ofnormal, compared to 71 per cent thistime last year, and a 10-year average of 90 May 1.The very early spring was generally favorable for plowing and otherspring work, but the recent rainsand cold weather have been generalalmost throughout the State, so thatplowing is only 69 per cent, completed, compared to 71 per cent usually done by May 1. Fiftey per cent,of spring planting was finished byMay 1, compared to 43 per cent, usually done by May" 1. Pasture is 93per cent of norma! compared to the10-year average or so. xweuiryper cent, of last years' hay crop inKentucky (or 377,000 tons) is .stallon farms, compared to aDoui wi.vtons May 1, 1920. .,,rLivestock losses during the winterwere unusually light, except in somelocalities, and the spring conditionof stock in general is above averageLosses from each 1,000 heatl duringthe winter and spring were: Horsesand mules 13; cattle 22; sheep 36,lambs 48; swine 30. The averagelosses during the last 10 years havebeen: Horses and jmules 19; cattle33; sheep 56; lambs 73; swine 63.When Will Paris People Learn theImportance of It?par29-4t)F)MAKE THEM HAPPYAT HOME WITHsELECTRIC GRILLSTOASTERSIRONSWe iMve a few MISTO MAGIC SETS and other teysleft over from the holidays.VACUUM CLEANERSWASHING MACHINESFLASH LIGHTS, ETCLet Us Demonstrate the GoldenThroated Claxtonola. PlaysAny Record.iSI T. W.I MAIN STREETSPICEROPP. COVRT HOUSE IBackache is only a simple thing atfirst; . . .But if you find 'tis from the kidneys; . ,That serious Kidney trouwes mayfollow;That dropsy or Bright's disease maybe the fatal end,You will be glad to know the following experience. -'Tis the statement of a Paris citi-zen. . cut.Mrs. A.-T. Alexander, 720 Vine St.,says: "A few years ago I had an attack of kidney trouble and for a timeI was unable todo my housework because of the severe pains across thecenter of my back. Many a night Icouldn't get a wink of sleep on account of the misery in my back. Myfeet and ankles would swell so badly that I would have to wear largebedroom slippers. I had pains in thehead, too. As soon as I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills I got relief andI am pleased to recommend them.Price 60c, at all dealers. Dontsimply ask for a kidney remedy-HptDoan's Kidney PiUs-the same thatMrs. Alexander had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.IiXiVBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 Wert Fifh Street&LSATlShAUIlUNOUR WATCHWORD!SEVERELY BTOHED BY GAS EX-PLOSIONL. S. Robbins, formerly of Bourbon county, now residing to arUsU,met witn a very paiu -""1 .:rcetnly while about fourteen milesfrom Paintsrille, in Magoffin county.Mr. Bobbins, wno is in iu iiness, lighted a match near a gaspipe, which, ignited, severely bunking his face and hands. He wasgiven first-aid treatment, and laterbrought toaia Lexington hospital,where his injuries were' given attention. He was taken to his home inCarlisle later onSwitzerland has few motion picture theatres.XX'AIIXIJMfc JMBB mwSJm'yS.iuimmTwz-?m'm:-ilnAWith' all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers e wprepared to do work inferior to none, arid solicityour patronage.Bourbon Laundry"iRenew your healthby purifying yoursystem withQuick and Helightf ul re-,lief for biliousness, colds,constipation, neadaches,and stomach, liver andblood troubles.4- - i ,The genuine are. seldf 5 1The Jines t ire for Small Carss iJtVi' iGoodrich30oAntUSkid SafetyTreadiat the 20Xftice ReductionHere is a 30x3 i tire, with snappyblack tread and creamy whitesides clean, trim, splendidlyfinished generously large andfull in size, with the Goodrichanti-skid safety tread.This tire will give you touchlonger mileage, the greatest ofdurability, the utmost ridingcomfort and the fullest satisfaction. Like all other Goodrich tiresthe "30x3 i" is made only in one.quality. It is so thoroughly and ,unusually good that its makersfrankly declare it the best tireever made for small cars.':trtSV7i- '..Goodrich30x3anti-skid safety tread fabric tirenow available at the20 Price Redu&ion whichwent into effect May 2ndTHE. B.RGOODRICH RUBBER COMPANYoAkron, OhioDealers everywhere are selling Goodrich Silvertown Cords, Goodrich Fabric Tires and GoodrichRed or Gray Tubes all one quality at the 20reduction in prices which Goodrich made effective May 2nd, 1921.MTruth About Porcupine.The gullls of the porcupine artloosely inserted in the. akin, and may,on being violently shaken, become detacheoVo circumstance which mayfcae jlTtn rise to theury'fatraloustatements flat the animal possessedthe power of "actually ejecting itsquillg Hk arrows or darta at an en-07.EDINCINCINNATIand returnvia$2.35--L. & N.--$2.35Sunday, June 5, 1921Special train will leave Paris st8:20 a. m.; returning will .leaveFourth Street Station, Cincinnati,6:30 p. m., standard time, (7:30 p. m.City Time). For further inrorjma-tion, consult Local Ticket Agent. .Ellis' Tea RoomThe Home of Good HomeCooked MealsAFTER MAY 15thWe will Serve Our Meals toTransient Trade at65cper meal on week days75cper meal on SundaysMeal Tkets(21 MEALS)2 Meals per Day $S501 Meal per Day .&9.SORegular Board (3 mealsper day) -.$flUOOMccormick and deerinoBINDERSAre the Best Made, The Best are theCheapest.THE ELUS TEA ROOMBPJS8Bp5p8b5i jlSs. "S j 5?SGenuineMccormickANDDEERINGBINDER TWINEIS THE BEST MADE. TAKENO SUBSTITUTEWe are exclusive agents in Bourbon countyfor McCormickand Deering Binders. We havethem in stock. Also PLENTY OF GENUINEREPAIRS. Take no substitute, for there is nonethat is "just as good.nAll Kinds of Farm ImplementsAt the Right PricesC. S. Ball Garages;fourth and PleOMDt Street.t. i."asV',K:S-4Paris, Kentuckymooiy in ooc parwtw.t - t OpfOfite Jtwt iAiC;t:':'mmommomoomommmemmBmmmmfmfmmmmmm- 3 2rJXHk r.r. j t.VFAIDAT, MAT 27, 11:&IMMBBig FurnitureAuctionFriday, June 3, 10 a. m.uI -will offir'at auction about $2,000"worth of iiice Parlor, Bed Room,Dining Hoom, Hall and Kitchen Furniture. v j."12 Rugs, some extra good ones.Ckina ainH Glass Ware.tils.JatchenfUte:A -beautiful $250 White Enameland Kiclde-plated Gas Range, suitable for Boarding House, Restaurant"or Jaotel use; also several small Gas''Ranges, Book Cases, Refrigerators,Hall Racks, Dining Table and. Chairs, Rockjers, Morris Chairs. 2beautiful Brass Twin Beds with fine"Box Mattriss.A DandyfGolden Oak China Closet,sl sure beauty, costing $250, alsoseveral smaller sizes.LOUBVTXEE IIVE STOCK EXCHANGE SALES JUXE 2.. e1Dear Sir: .The first of the sales to be conducted by the Louisville Live StockExchange in its efforts to promotebetter bred livestock will be held'within the next twelve days (June2.) On the success of this sale of300 pure bred bulls largely dependsthe hope for future improved conditions in the livestock situation inKentucky. If the sale proves as popular, as there is every indication itwill be, the first step upward in thepurebred livestock movement is takenand succeeding steps forward will beeasier.It is timely to reiterate the statement that the Exchange will not de,riye one cont's profit from the sale;that the movement originated withthe United States Department of Agriculture and is supported by theUniversity of Kentucky College ofAgriculture, ttie Kentucky Pure BredLivestockxAssociation and all thelivestock interests of the State; thatbankers and business men in thefarming districts -are giving theiraid and that the campaign is thegreatest ever undertaken in the history of the. State for the benefit ofthe livestock grower.I The first kindergarten law in miscountry was enacted in 1886, inSome uniisually nice Parlor Cab- Connecticut and Vermont. ,luets, Parlor and Lawn Furniture,also ' A larfire nart of the educationalI literature in China relates to agri-cultural courses.oOne 7-PasstDger Studebaker andOne Ckivralet Roadster in Fine Conditioni.BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSH. L. Mitchell & Son, realtors, purchased recently of Roy F. Clendenin,three vacant lots facing on Pinecrestavenue, in tne oia uourDon uuuege.i8tf f 'OW-9 .Trt'4i'P"4DEATHSrMckinleyGreen McKinley, 96, oldest manin Adair county and possibly thatsection, died at the home of Dr.Blair, near Glensfork, Ky. Deceasedwas the father of eight children, allliving, the youngest being 55 yearsold. He never had a death in his immediate family. Twenty-seven grand,children- and thirty great-grand children and quite a, number of great-great-grandchildren survive.MOSESThe funeral of Mrs. JennieMoses, aged about sixty, who diedSunday, about six miles from Lexington, after a short illness of hearttrouble, was held Tuesday morningat eleven o'clock at the residence.The interment followed 'in BattleGrove Cemetery, in Cynthiana. Sheis survived by her husband, onedaughter, and three sons, orie . ofjwhom, Harry Mioses, resides nearjparis.PRATHERMiss Alma Dean Prather, agedtwnty-one, died at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. John Prather,near Plum Lick, this county, after along illness due to a complication ofdiseases. Besides her parents she issurvived1 by several brothers andsisters, The funeral was 'conductedat 'the family home, with servicesconducted by Rev. Ward Russell. Theinterment took place in the CarlisleCemetery. NJONES.Joseph Allen Jones, aged sixtyseven,, died at his home in Moorefield, Nicholas county, after an' illness of but a few days. He was a.native of Fleming" county, but movedto the Moorefleld vicinity three yearsago. He is survived by his widow,three daughters, one of whom, Mrs.Addition to Paris, at a price not re- Thomas Hyatt, resides in Paris, andAs a special inducement, pur- ported for publication. The purchasehasers can arrange before sale isnade to make part payment and williiold goods o'n balance due for a reasonable time.Ice Water for Everybody.A cool sales room.was made for investment purposes.Bringall day.your lunch prepared to stay IiFOR SALENice Close-in Cottage !You'll meet many of your friends.Come, and let's have a big dayand a good time.Fred Weckesser,The Bargain ManWe have for immediate sale, anice, cozy cottage on the Bethlehem' pike, only mile fro.m the tractionline. Place contains three acres ofgrass land, shade trees, hen house,land other out-buildings. Owner cangive possession in ten days, or less.I This kind of property is in flemand' and will sell quickly. Better hurry.I HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.Agents.(27-2t)Public Sale of Baby Farm!Saturday,' June 4, 1921, at 10:30 a. m.Acting as agents for Messrs. Talbott & Cleveland, we are going toell on the above date one of the most attractive small faims in BourbonCounty. It is one of the best propositions offered .in a long time for thefollowing reasons:It is a- part of the old F. P. Clay place, containing 15 acres of oldBluegrass-land that will raise anything. On it is a handsome 2-storyframe residence, practically new, containing 8 rooms, bath, newly pampered and painted, piped for gas and wired for electricity, large, drycellar, good cistern at door and is modern in every respect and is only- " On the place is a nice double garage, large stock barn, a great va--3miles from city limits of Paris, on Georgetown pike,xiety of healthy bearing fruit trees. w rThe place is one of the best located places in the county, closeschools, churches and excellent neighborhood.Terms reasonable and made known on day of Sale. -Further particulars jmay be had from owners orHarris, Speakes & Harris,4 ! bBfcALTOBS, Paris, Ky.to- GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.27-3t)five sons. The funeral was heldWednesday afternoon in the Moorefield Christian church, with servicesconducted by Rev. S. I. Moore, afterwhich the interment took place inthe Carlisle Cemetery.WEAVERDr. R. D. Weaver, of North Middletown, veteran of the Civil War,died at his home in North Middletown, about 2:30 o'clock Wednesday afternoon of a complication ofdiseases. Dr. Weaver was about seventy years old.Dr. Weaver enlisted in the Confederate service when quite a youngman, and went through the greatstruggle as a member of the medicalcorps with the rank of Surgeon. Atthe close of the war he returned toKentucky, locating in North Middletown, where he built up a largepractice and where he had formedlasting ties of friendship in thecommunity. He was one of themost prominent citizens of the NorthMiddletown vicinity and one of thebest-known members of the medicalprofession in the State.Dr. Weaver was a man of fineprinciples and of the highest character, whose mission to do goodwherever he could was always foremost in his thouglits. He was inevery sense of the phrase, a thoroughly high-class gentleman, onewhose friendships were 'many and enduring. He is survived by Mis widow1, whobefore her marriage was Miss, Piper,of Carlisle, a sister of the late Mrs.Charles H. Meng, of North Middletown, and by one daughter, Mrs.Strather Mitchell, of Mt. Sterling.The funeral will be held at thefajmily home in North Middletown at2:30 o'clock this (Friday; atternoon,with services conducted by Rev.Frank M. Tinder, pastor of 4he NorthMiddletown Christian church. Thebody will be taken to Winchesterwhere the interment will take placein the Winchester Cemetery.Dr. Weaver had been married forey-seven years, and had resided inNorth Middletown for thirty-threeyears. He was born and reared nearWinchester.FRESH HOME-GROWN STRAWBERRIES TO-DAYKellums -RichardsREVIVALAT THE-' Nice, fresh-picked strawberries received daily direct from the patch.Let us have your order early if youwant any.' (It) C. P. COOK & CO.nrEEREsnyq old rejic to beEXHIBITEDChristian Churchs?Services Every Night This Week(except Saturday) at 7:30i.COME EARLYand Get a Good SeatREV. JESSE R. KELLUMS, PreacherCtlAS. H . RICHARDS, Singer!l A. L, BOATRIGHT, Singer (W. E. ELLIS, PastorCOMPANY SUESr BECEIVERTO HALTLODGE BOTESA." J. BovelyCompany; No. 34,. .., - " 'A' lUniform Rank, K. of. P., of Paris,TneMiuuai uu penning jjompany, wm- t cynthiana, Sunday, to at-which-iapuiKg State Banking Com-1 tend ethe Decdratioh Day exer.cisesmissioner James P Lewis on account ,t be held in Battle Grove Cemeteryof his publish statements in con-.b members' of the Cynthiana andnection with a revocation of the com- Hyarrison county companies. Thepany's licenses to sell stock not only, t. m be made in motor trucksto the' public but also to its stock- '.Jf autog A11 aut0mobile ownersholder, applied for a writ of rohi-; h , machines "they would.be wilbition in the Court of Appeals llngt perpiit , being used are askedagainst Circuit Judge Prank M. Tra- Q !indl ace them at the disposalcyf Covington, who appointed a re-' c t fm;W; Dudley. The Parisceiver for it in the suit of James i aJ win be acCompanied by aDwyre to recover the $500 he paid.l delecation from Rathbonetor 2000 snares or stocK.The headquarters of the company,,a Delaware -corporation, is in Lex-klS. LAITjatTY TO SFEAJri-P XV-. Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, of Lexim gton, "prominent college and club woman, has accepted an invitation fcaspeak at the exercises to be held inconnection with the nnveilimg of atablet marking the site of Martin'sFort, near Ruddles Mills, is thUcounty, the latter pat of June. Theexercises will be under the supervision of Jemima Johnson Chapter, DA. R., of Paris.UJTHE BESTApproximately $240,000,000 wjspent annually on musical educationin the United State.For RentThree nicely-furnished rooms wit& 1bath, at 407 Pleasant street." '-fMRS. CARL CRAWFORD, r(272t) Cumberland Phone 546.laree delegationLodge No. 12 ana oy wives, aaugn-ters sweethearts ana mowers or inei AV A1C? . rt.T. Tll nw.v,swt.l T iUClllUAO.is president.Mr. ,Dwyre charges that the company . received for the 1,783,863shares it sold, all the way fropi 10 if, you want the best refrigeratorto 50 -cents tne snare, 'mere were mH hnv tne Automatic.paid in, he said, $216,926.07, and ' THE J. T. -HINTON CO.$57,731,86 paid out for commissions, j 24'-5t) ' 'He charges that the comnanv in-vested ?30,000 in the Bourbon . Oil) !!!rmmmmmmmmmmmmTmmmm& Development Company and the tMllllllliUHUnilHtMlllllMMIMlllllliHHIHtCo-Operative Oil & DevelopmentCompany, both of which Mr. BellTwas president, at mat time navmghead offices in .Paris, and loaned them T$64,18235. Both of them, her de- Jclares, ,are insolvent. He said Mr. ZBell and the company! "juggled real, Iestate .froan him to it and from it tohim for. the sole purpose of making.a profit for the officers." j" o !WHY WORRYABOUT A GEADUATION OR WEDDING GUT? NWE HAVE A COltPLETE UNE OF SILVERWARE,NOVELTIES IN JEWELRY, DIAMONDS, MESH BAGS AND CIGARETTE GASES, WHICH WILL SOLVEANY PROBLEM.20-2t . ,THE A. J. WINTERS CO.Public Auction!Thursday, June 2,-At 10:00 O'Clock, a. m.on the premises, 1059 Vine Street.On account of the death of myhusband, and not being able to meetthe debt against the property, I haveplaced in the hands of MITCHELL &SON, Real Estate Agents, to sellwithout reserve or by-bid, the aboveproperty, consisting of a 4-room cottage, large pantry, electric lights,large lot, good stable, and all in firstclass condition. Terms made knownon day of sale.Eor further particulars, apply toMITCHELL & SON,9 West Sixth Street, Paris, Ky.Cumb. Phone 97, Home, 92.Or Mrs. H. A. Mitchell, who is occupying the house.(It), rTITANSTORAGE BATTERIESAnd All Kinds ofBattery EquipmentExpert Battery Man in chart e ofour Battery Station and satisfaction is assured.These Batteries have just beenreceived and are fresh from thefactory.iSEE US FIRSTWhite Front GarageBetween Seventh and Eighth Sts.HIIIHIItHlllllHHIUHMtlttllltHIIMHilHIMHOne of the most interesting thingsthat will be exhibited at the Lexington Tublis Library, ,Mondaj at the.Exhibition Day exercises of the Bradford Historical Society is a blunderbuss belonging to Mrs. Thomas H.Clay. A hundred years xor so agothis old weapon, fashioned of woodand flint, defended the hearthstone -of Waldemar Mentelle, a Frenchgentleman, who fled from Pranceduring the French revolution andpurchased a plantation on the OhioRiver, near Gallopolis, Ohio.' Monsieur Mentelle and his lovelywife, with a group of friends arrived and staked their claim, only to beinformed that they "had been defrauded, that the company to whichthey had paid their money for a homehad no ownership of the land." Penniless, in a strange land, they wendedtheir way to Kentucky, and found ahome in the Bluegrass region. It wasbut a short time until Kentucky hospitality became a reality to them,and they were given a home acrossfrom Ashland, where they founded aselect school for young women, andtaught the cultural arts of music,dancing and French. Mary Mentelle,the daughter of the pioneers,' marriedThomas Hart Clay, son of HenryClay, and the blunderbuss thus cameinto .the possession of the late Thos.H. Clay, Jr., Mentelle Park, in Lexington, was named in honor of theMentelles. ,Alabama npw has 319 consolidatedechooIs,"as compared with-" :8 fiveyears 'ago: ' , .The Pride of Paris"Welcome NewsyGlad Tiding4FOR TEN DAYS- STARTING SATURDAY, MAY 28tlT; 331 OFF r'!"'ON ALL- -Sny. zZr.Coats and Suits 'Plaid SkirtsSilk Dresses Silk BlousesALL GARMENTS $49.50 REDUCED TO J $33.00. : Saving Yo $16.50 tHh,GARMENTS MARKJED $45.00 ARE NOW $30.00Savin You $15.00EVERY NUMBER AT $35.00 ON SALE .'.:" $23.34Saving You $11.66EACH AND EVERYTHING $25.00 FOR ONLY $ 1 6.67Saving You $8.33PRICES ARE MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURESFIGURE DISCOUNTS YOURSELFNOW IS YOUR TIME ; ,', 33 1-3 REDUCTIONv'&&$&'ri k - 'isScoRPDDEPARTMENT STOREParis," : Kentucky-?1-tr-MVV--irv."t.it.-&-.V&46ima&K&,Vjp yftlDAY, MAY 27, 1321.tAfrrv: . Tv,.i- X.1$fttof y t. W?-: .? 'TBE'li'-i"' ?&-Xv'Tiis l . PACE FlfRmAI JewelersNever Too:-: Paris, Ky.Busy to PleaseREELED PEACHES AT PRE-WAEPBICES.Blue Ribbon Brand of peeled evaporated peaches at 20 cents per pound.Can you beat it?(It) C. P. COOK & CO.MSOCIAL AND PBRSONAlL-Cottiags sad Gii of OurPeople Hwe, There and 'ONE CENT SALETHE REXALL ONE CENT RAT.P.NOW GOING ON AT VABBEH'S2RUG STOBE.TAKE NOTICE MONDAY; A LEGALHOLIDAYMonday, May 30, being a legalioliday, (Decoration Day) there willbe no city or rural delivery, and thewindow will be open from 11:30 to12:30 to receive niail and give outgeneral delivery mail only.- - J. WALTER PAYNE,' Postmaster.Miss Anna Dean Curtis is visiting Mrs. W. P. Miljard, in Richmond.Mrs. E. B. January is conlnedto her home on High street by illness.Miss Lena Whaley has returnedJIS-T ?vml ! Paris " a Peasantvisit with friends in Cynt&iana.County Judge George Battertoh2 J.n?? to hiB home on Cypressstreet with an attack of mumMr. and Mrs. Prank Collins and 1tamily have moved to th Thnm. IHelm Clay farm, near Escondida.Mrs. Harry Booth, of-Birminsr-nam, Ala., is a guest of her parentsmi. aim mrs. a. j. Fee, on Fifthstreet.Mrs. jimmie Whaley, of tCllTtlllPrljlTljl 'PfllanllAnn 4R-. A.wxoKuuuc uuwe iorce. ma guest of Cynthiana rplativac ,.week.Steele, and Charjton day, all ofParis. The picnic was one of themost enjoyable events 'of the manythat have taken place at XalapaFarm.Mrs.. Thomas Hubbard, of Paris,is Visiting relatives in Carlisle. ftMr. C. A. Teller of Chicago, isthe-guest of Mr. and Mrs. I. I. .Priceand fajmily. """Mrs. Bettie Brent Turney, ofLouisville, is a guest of Paris "andBourbon county relatives.. Raymond Wilson, of Paris, attended the play given in Carlisle bythe members of the Senior Class ofthe Carlisle High School.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson, Sr., and W. H. McMillan willaiwve 10-aay irom St. Peterahnre-.Mrs.NBOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club's semimonthly shooting tournament willtake place his afternoon at the Clubgrounds in East Paris. A largenumber of trap-shooters are expectedto take part in the event. The trophy, to be contested for, a box ofshells, was donated by Chief ofPolice Fred Link and Dave Clark.The shoot will begin at one o'clock.FOE GRADUATION 'THE LATEST NOVELTY CRAZEBRACELETS IN STERLING SIL7ER AND GREEN GOLD PILLED,AT $1.00 AND UP.(17-tf) shire & pithian.RECENT AUTO SALESThe Ruggles Motor Co., of Paris,reports the following sales of Fordcars made recently to Bourboncounty purchasers: Ed. Prichard,coupe; Alfred Clay, touring car;M. H. Mitchell, runabout; James I.Jarrow, touring car; Jan Smits, touring car; Bourbon county, two oneton trucks; W. J. Moore, truck.oWOOL!WE ARE IN THE MARKET FORTWOOL. HAVE PLENTY OE NEWSACKS AND TWINE.(22apl-tf ) CHAS. S. BRENT & BR0.oOPENING SUMMER DANCEJim McClintock and Vail Baldwin,committee, are sending out cards announcing the opening Summer Danceto be given at the Masonic Temple,in this city, on Friday night, June3. Music will be furnished bySmith's Sextette. The hours will befroml8:30 p. m. to 3:00 p. m. Thiswill be a subscription event, - andwill be largely attended, both fromhome -and from surrounding towns.FOR GRADUATIONNEW SHORT MODELS, "EVERSHARP PENCHS,"-$1.00 AND UP.(17-tf) SHIRE & MTHIATT.- oTHE CHINA FAMINE FUNDThe China Famine Fund for Bourbon county has reached a total of$1,032.46, from all reported sources,up to the last report received from'the State headquarters at Louisville.Miss Jessie Rose is chairman forBourbon county, and any contributions sent to her in care of the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. will bepromptly acknowledged and forwarded to headquarters. Let everyone whocan do so send at least a small contribution, which will help very Materially in saving the famine-strickenpeople of far-away China. Thecampaign is still on. Contribute "now!oJiEW MEAT MARKET NOW OPEN.Since opening my new meat marketlast Saturday I have had a fine tradeand this is to remind those who haverot called, that I will be glad to seethem. Everything neat and cleanand I furnish you the best meat youcan buy.S. W. SHTVELY & SON".Main Street.Richard H. Savle hns returned from a visit to "her parents,Mr. and Mrs. -Henry Galbraith, inCarlisle. . . -unanes E. Butler has returnerirom a -ten-days' visit to friends andrelatives in Dayton, Ky., and Cincinnati.Florida, where they spent the wintermonths. vMr. and Mrs. Lawrence Price1were in Louisville several days thisweek, where they went to attend thefuneral of Mrs. Pri. i .. -rth ,B. Sachs, who was a very prominenta-norney.Newton Myers, of Carlisle, wellknown in Paris, who was taken to aLexington sanitarium some days ago,is Teported as being in a criticalcondition. Members of his fajmilyhave been at his bedside for several"days. Mr. Myers married Miss RuthJohnson,' of Paris.Mrs. Edward Turner will motortO Liexin&ton tn-riftv in moot Tiai.Kelly Haley and J. T. Estes. of daughter. Miss Ufavipnti Tumor iTClintonville, are members, of a fish- is returning from Washington, b. C,ing and 5amping party- at Verdun, where she was a ern.iiiia.tA nf thoKentucky. Colonial School. Miss Turner willMr. and Mrs. Jos. Hopkins, of spend the dav in Levinertnn wit harnear Paris, were guests this week at J cousin, Miss Una Varden, before re-TAXI CAB SERVICEALTHOUGH I HAVE MOVED MYOPFICE, I AM STILL'IN THE TAXICAB BUSINESS AND MY PHONE IS3TJST THE SAME NUMBER, BOTHPHONES 204. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ALL CALLS.HUDNALL TAXI CO.,(20-tf) TELEPHONES 204. .oEELLUMS RICHARDS REVIVALAT CHRISTIAN CHURCHTp to Thursday morning there hadbeen one hundred and twenty-fiveadditions at the Kellums-Richardslevival at the Christian church.Wednesday night, the Male Chorusunder the direction of Mr. Boatrightgave two special numbers and ledin the singing.Rev. Kellums' sermon on Conversion Wednesday evening was one ofthe strongest of. the meeting.Every one is cordially invited toattend this great meeting.The mark of 650 has been set forSunday School, Sunday morning.There is a baptismal service nearlyevery evening and it is impressive.A very large crowd is expected athoth services Sunday. Ample provisions are being made to seat all whocome, so be sure to be on hand.: oCEMENT!HAVE JU1T UNLOADED PEESHCAR CEMENT.i(22apl-tfPoUI.li.;lWWTi4fc'"110.the Kentucky Female Orphan School,in Midway.Mrs. Jane Williams, of Indianapolis, Ind., is a guest at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mann, onMain street.Russell Doty, of Detroit, is theguest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.James H. Doty, at their home onPleasant street.Mrs. Mary Saloshin, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs.Sim Levy and family, at their homeon East Eighth street.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Harp havereturned to their home in GreatCrossings, Scott county, after a visitto relatives near Paris.Mrs. W. F. Caywood, of Paris,has returned from a visit to herdaughter, Mrs. Lewis Rutherford, inNicholasville.Flemingsburg Times - Democrat:"Mrs. E. H. Prichard and little son,of Paris, came in Tuesday afternoon to visit the family of E. H.Kenner."Miss Thelma Thomas, bookkeeper for the real estate lrjm of Harris,Speakes & Harris, has been ill forseveral days at her home in Thornton Division.Miss Ida Rankin, a student atthe Baptist School for the Blind, inLouisville, is at home with herwmother, Mrs. Hill, on Ferguson streetfor a short vacation.Mrs. Jennie Kenney Lyle has returned to her home in Lexington after a visit to Mrs. Thompson Tarr,at her country home on the Georgetown road, neat Parte.Ewell Renaker, of C. S. Brent& Bro., who has been confined to hisapartments in the Windsor Hotel forsome time by illness, was able to beout Wednesday for a short time. .Charles TVIohr, of Cincinnati,district representative of the Salvation Army, is in Paris for the purposeof arranging for a Salvation Armydrive to be made in this city andcounty soon.Mrs. James W. Thompson, ofParis, is visiting her aunt, Mrs.Sarah McCann Elmore, and her sister, Miss Elizabeth Chenault, at theirhome on Ashland Avenue, in Lexington. Murray Higgins and Jas. Ginn,of Paris, will leave Sunday morningfor an overland auto trip to Indianapolis, where they will witness thebig automobile races on the Indianapolis speedway Monday.Miss Artie Ashbrook, of Cynthiana, sister of Mrs. Thos. W. Allen,of Paris, will sail to-morrow fromMontreal, Canada, on the steamerMelita, of the Canadian Pacific line,for a three-months' tour of Europe.Misses Sue Boardman and Henrietta Rogers, of Paris, attended thedinner given Tuesday evening at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, by theGirls' Pan-Hellenic Council of theUniversity of Kentucky.Mrs. C. Ward, who was strickenwith appendicitis while a guest atthe, home of Mr. and Mrs. ClarenceSprake, in this city, underwent anoperation at St. Joseph Hospital, inLexington, and is reported as improving. .Wm. J. Love, formerly Chief ofDteectives of Cincinnati, and Detective C. C. Brown, of the Cincinnatipolice department were recent guestsof Chief of Police Fred LinTc and Mrs,Link:, at their home on Pleasantstreet.Wolford Ewalt and C. A. Amyx,of Paris, recently visited RotBatson, who is a patient at St. Elisabeth's Hospital, in Covington. Mr.t., ,ni,nco loo- -was ut off a few-irr. -t- -n an npp.iilfint on the Lint npnr Decoursey. is doingThe -following Bourbon countypeople were recent visitors in Winchester, where they were registeredat the Brown-Proctoria Hotel: Wm.H. Whaley, Chas. N. Whaley, J.Miller Ward, D. C. Lisle, Sam JjWeathers, A. T. Moffett, N. FordBrent, Ed. Burke, W. A. Thomason,B. F. Hopkins. . ,The following from Pans attended the annual district conference of the Methodist church for theMaysville District,, held at Moor,field, in Nicholas county: &enPower, Dr. James A. Orr, Miss OliviaOrr, Charles A. Duncan, S.T. onipley, Rev. C. H. ureer aim u"Mr. and Mrs. Oscar T. Hintonwere hosts Wednesday evening wn-na picnic for a partypf friends at On.voiono Parm of HjQwara or1near Paris, Their guests were:and Mrs. Harry Woods, Mr.r Tv.rtoc a msnareer J" Mr,utrs TnTin ftourlay. Mauryturning home.BUYS" LEXINGTON HOMEHarry L. Mitchell, of the real estate firm of H. L. Mitchell & Son,who recently sold his handsomehome on Pleasant street, to Mrs.Belle Brent Alexander, has purchased a modern home in Elsmer,in Lexington, which he and his family will occuply at a future date.Mr. Mitchell has closed a lease onthe brick cottage on Fifth street, inthe rear of the Farmers' & Traders'IBank, and has fitted it up for officepurposes. He will continue to be inParis to conduct his real estate business, dividing time between hisLexington home and his business inParis.GIFT SEEKERS, TAKE NOTICE!IF IT'S A SILVER BAG OR DIAMOND, HERES THE PLACE YOU'LL SURELY FIND 'EM. .(20-tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oGETTING READY FORSEED HARVESTGRASSHarvesting of the blue grass seedcrop, an annual event of great importance in the Bluegrass region,will soon be under way. Dealersand farmers -who strip the seed aremarshaling their forces and gettingmachines ready for gathering a largoJ acreage of seed in the county. Noestimate as to the probable yield hasyet been made or given out. Theharvesting will begin about the middle of June, when a large force willbe employed.oThe average college girl of to-dayis an inch taller than the collegegirl of I860.&veryMr.andandKemperv,-in vmrhn. alL Of Liexingtou,Mr. and Mrs. James Metcalfe, Mr.and Mrs. William Ardery, Mr-andMr. "Duncan WUim MlaWhv. 1'The FairPAINT PAINT BATON'S SUNPROOFWonderful Reductions. Here isyour opportunity to obtain purePaints for less than Pure Paintsare usually sold. All colors. Paintthe surface and you save all, andhere is your chance.The Fair$15, $18 or$20 is amighty littleprice to payfor coolcomfort the 'whole summeryet that smalla price securesone of ourSummer Suitsmade of theGenuinePalm BeachCloth.An insuranceagainst heat.llmfVAfiif ,-If it comesfrbirt DacvisH is ridhtITS THE EASIEST THINGIN THE WORLDTo Select a Straw Hat From Our Stock That IsPleasing to the Eye: Becoming to the HeadRestful to the PocketbookA variety of weaves and shapess . that will please you.Get Yours Now!!!!We are also showing new arrivals in Young Men'sSuits, in all-wool materials$ 1 2.00 to $37.50A Wonderful Showing of Silk Shirts$3.00, $4.50, $5.00It will Honestly Pay You to Let Us Supply Your NeedsLEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street"Trade at Hom" CCall Our Store "Home"Automatic Refrigerators!We have just received this great refrigerator andare now ready to deliver them. . Come . in and- getyours at once. -AUTOMATICjRKFRIGERA.TORSWe have handled the Automatic Refrigerator for yearsand never have we had a SINGLE DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER! This is the greatest food preserver and ice saver madeand is the only refrigerator made with the water bottle onthe front of the refrigerator. Come in and let us explainto you this wonderful refrigerator.THE J. T. fllNTOJV CO.EITHERPHONfer3TPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH ANS MAINMotor Hearse Motor invalid Coach Undertaking? -JE1-7J4n.I''i'I1".mI1'nY( i.'i;'fcv-i'". tsi '-- r -ayv;,Y"--".- Y'.ftmc; bouebon news,.FtipATveMA:TT-ifia.'r"Tr "' ' '"K;r..',v- : ; . iT VVrtsr..Gold Chain.;. i si mall bottle withi" s. .mi- pulverized chalk... of jrrated castile soap.me bottle and shake well, thenanuCorkXinsehechain in cold water andwipe onpolish.a twel. Gives a brilliantAn attractive figure is not amatter of size but of correctproportions. The stout women who are never spokenof as "stout" are those whogive a little time and thoughtto proper corseting.Rcngo Belt Reducing Corsetgive the wearer an appearance ofslenderness. The exclusive RengoBelt feature gives strength andipport where the greatest strainfalls over the abdomen and hips.They have the reputation of being"the most economical reducingcorsets ever devised."triad from $2 to $10IFRANK & CO.mfmmiillfevllllllltlttiwiilBL it TinilllllllllliliiUFA ill ' telJif1C i.-- T?n5 -i"i JiHBXLWu m R! 'II llttBBcw - III ui vajHLsflullv E Mil iUHHSBBVSvCvllwsJI IM Zswmsras 'sssfsr ' flBl I k Wm in MsVsY HI Mil mi WWBH DI I 1 ID ill Siff 1 li-J Mil ill UllH S B' 'I IIH ill lilHHsT if II llH Ui nilI Escape the "Stout" Class MCHURCHILL DOWNStBMMBfciBts-tvgTslThoroughbred HMAY 7 toU I SmStakes: i HEuVNleg of consecsnrc ySUTICIY tat?tOBTMTE, ,In I r.auymSiSSf MB tftBHam mmtflSvtHPtaB&jt7 atSjfc sPfMBumcn tclini i'T. y lkf rtlBi lu, Mr 2tatsntst I&ULtlni iiy. Mar 2JmcmmuwmcNeverf temyfllr'iKentucky Jockey ClubChurchill Downs CourseJfAJORITY OPPOSED TO TpBAQQOPKOHTBITIOITRecent discussion as to the possibility of there ever being a campaignfor the prohibition of tobacco JedthePress Service Company, of NewYork, to take a poll of the sentimentof the newspaper editors.In the tabulated report by States,the figures showed that of 12,518 editors questioned,, 7,847 replied. Theyrepresent a combined circulation ofmore than 21,000,000.7,393 or 95 per cent, reported thatpublic sentiment in their communities is opposed to the prohibition ofthe personal use of tobacco by adults.Only 260 or 3 per cent, thought public sentiment favorable to tobaccoprohibition. 174 or 2 per cent werein doubt, while only 20 failed to record their judgment.BULGARIAN BLOOD TEAAssist Nature .To purify the blood. JTo gently move the bowels.To sweeten the stomach.To start the liver action.To flush the kidneys.Every thoughtful parent will keep a"box of jthis Pure" Herb Tea on handas a first aid to kill colds and wardoff "flu," grippe, pneumonia.Sold Everywhere by Druggists.(adv)oMahogany a Fast Grower.The rat of growth of mahogany Ifshown ia southern Nigeria, where thtsite of a town destroyed 60 years agohas been tovwad with a forest containing mahogany trees some of whichare more than tea feet in diameter.SO WEAKSO NERVOUSHow Miserable This Woaai WasUntil She Took Lydia E. Pnk-ham's Vegetable CoapoMMlToomsboro, Ga. "I suffered terriblywith backache and headache all the time,was bo weak and nervous I didn't knowwhat to do, and couldnot do my work. Mytrouble was deficientand irregular periods. I read in thepapers what LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound haddone for others anddecided to give it atrial. I got goodresults from its useso that I am now able to do my work.I recommend your Vegetable Compoundto my friends who have troubles similarto mine and you may use these factsas a testimonial." Mrs. C.F. Phillips,Toomsboro, Ga.Weak, nervous women make unhappyhomes, their condition irritates bothhusband and children. It has beensaid that nine-tenths of the nervousErostration, nervous despondency, "thelues, "irritability and Backache arisefrom some displacement or derangement of a woman's system. Mrs. PhillipsMetter clearly show that no otherremedy it so wcc tful in overcomingthis condition as Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.WXf 3VI LLEcourseyears at tHHHsnKiittJChurchill Downs, opens for 1921 withthe assurance f a memorable season.before have there, been sohorses of high class quartered athistoric course; seldom hasmsTi n ST in thoroughbred racing been sokeen, and never, perhaps, has k Wen sowiJe-ipread.Come and -enjoy some of this freatestf sports. In the programs n ike arnpcements for the comfort of potruiii,yon will find that the rnahaanooc "hasiooc s utmost make everybady happy.MSssrcrrY scatoirHoicoit4 ioelGirADirr,Lucre;:? Pendfetoii, DG:.Edward Par&er,.So;Gladys River, 96 ;Russell Smart; 94;John Smits, 92;Raymond Terry, 92;Dinas Williams, 96;Anne Duke Woodford, 96;Edna Worthington, 92;Richard" Wills, 93;Jessie McDonald, 94;Naomi Isgrigg, 96;Dorothy Herrington, 93;Henry Gaitskill, 93;Richard Florence, 95;Blanche, Friedman, 96;Archie English, 91;Willie Whitney Estes, 92;Stella Ervin, 94;Beatrice Eaton, 95;Zetta Dotson, 97;Charles Childers, 30;'Carolyn Bush, 94; "John Eads, 91;Mora Belle Harvey, 93 ;Luther Chappell, 92;V "'-vAlien uase, a;. A. J. Jarrett, 91 ;Earl Jarrett, 93;Phil Ardery, 97;Frances Parsons, 93 ;Fay Ardery, 95;Ray Adams, 91;Claude Harding, 97;Alfred Sanders, 97;Leslie Sanders, 96;Burton Mann, 96;Raymond Reffett, 95;C-"i..,Virgil speakes, vo; &.Allen Snapp, 91; n"Robert Rankin, 94; 'William Leach, 95; 'f.Dudley Plummer, 94;Houston McCord, 97;Gilbert DeWitt, 96; ;,ijKarl.Lusk, 94 r"Hazel Farris, 93; -. .,.Anna Culbertson, 92; A t?GUdys Wills. 94; " JMarjorie Biddle, 9; fMadeline Amburgey, 93 jMildred Shell, 97;Rebecca Arnold, 95;Florence Adams, 90.MISS LlLLESTONjMISS LAYTON,MISS HARRIS,Teachers.GRADE Ii;John Lewis Childers, 91;Frances Collier, 95;H. L.. Clarke, pi; - 'Alice Dotson, 96"; ' ' . tErnistine Eads, 96; T:Elizabeth Martin, 98;Hazel Powell, 94; ;Loraihe. jpoplin, 94; ;Nancife:Kankin, 96; 'X'Rena Rankin, 92; "iAlice Rankin, 95; V ..'Elizabeth Soper, 96;Amos Turney Taylor, 95 ; " vBertha May Wills, 93; JfMargaret Payne, 91; :"Naomi Hutchison, 94;Edna Evans, 93; ;-Walter Cain, Jr., 91;Dorothy Biddle, 92;Frances Margolin, 94; "l"?"Elmeta King, 92; 'Cecil Dailey, 92;Ruth Parrent, 90;Cliary Fightmaster, 90;Dorothy Finwick. 90: :'Arthur Cottingin, 93;Christine Watson, 94;Michael Prather, 90;Thomas Reffett, 92;Ruth Watson, 94;Anna Bruce Douglas, 90;Naomi Cavanaugh, 3;f't-fultk'Dorotha Biddle, 90;Julian McCord, 92; SMargaret Thompson, 92; f$TLouise Lackin, 92.MISS TALBOT,MISS WHALEY,Teachers.GRADE m.Ben Bedford, 98;Helen Robinson, 97;Isabel Isgrigg, 97;Mae Parker, 96; .,Edna Soueley, 96; : .1Elmer Curtis, 96;Climma Mann, 95; s ' 7:Elaine Smith, 95 ; : :James Wilson, 94; '.Virginia Smelser, 94: ?. 'Dorothy Lilleston, 93;A. L. Slicer, 93 ;Bernard Dotson. 93:Winifred Boatright, 93;William Huffman, 93;Josephine Ardery, 92; ,3if?.Miller Arnold, 92; :"""" 'Thelma Landis, 92; . :fBilly Baldwin, 91; - " 'Thomas Bratton, 91; -'Virginia Payne, 91; ' ITJohn Allen, 92; J:Marmaduke Buchanan, 93;" "Edward Floyd, 91;Estelle Florence, 94; 'f-Pearl Faulk, 93; 'v.Edgar Gardner, 91; :f. :Anna Lucas, 92;Ruby Hogan, 95 ; it ' , iBourbon McCarty, 92; 13&Sallie Moreland, 90; ':-'Margaret English 92., MISS PURNELL,MRS. STONE,Teachers.GRADE IV.Bessie V. Mitchell, 98;Sidney Redmon, 97; . ' -Mary Forman Varden, 97?- '"'Elizabeth, Hinton 94; ' .";;.JLdna Earl Rummans, 96;Lawrence Mullin, 94;Vivian Landis, 94;,Nancy Baldwin, 94;Louise Slicer, 94?Hazel Bryan, 94;Katie Lu Sanders, 9.4;Shirel Wills, 93Ethel Fightmaster, 93 ; .'vjuinme jrerians, ; ,- !Sam Kerslake, 91 ; - " 'Sadie Blake, 91; ',.Virgil Gaitskill, 91; .Ned Brent, 96;Bayless Morrison, 93; rGenevieve Dockenbrode,;90;uorothy McCord, 96;William Ardery, 96;Anna T. Parrent, 95;Lucille Christman, 93;Prentice Burton, 96; :Walter Hedges, 91;,James Morrison, 95 ; .Louis Elvoxe, 93;Carolyn Reading, 97;$-.v t-rt:(-ii -t-m&M. . .. r-Minnie Johnson, 92;:y.-!&'."'ft-aN.'x!yfrPrint Albvt i mMin tmppy rtd bdgt,tUy red tins, hmndmm pound mnd haltpemhd tin humidmrsmnd in th pmmtidcrystal glass Asmldar with spmngamoistsnar tj.onCopyright 1921by R. J. ReynoldsTobacco Co..Wiatton-SaUa.Elon Tucker, 94;Harry Lancaster, 96;Hazel Buchanan, 98;Nancy Hancock, 93;MISS TAYLOR,MISS BRANNON,Teachers.GRADE V.Elizabeth Whitley, 98;Gertrude Day, 97;Sallie Gordon, 96;Katie Irvine, 96;Vivian Smith, 96;Elizabeth Douglass, 94 ; rFlorence McCarty, 92;Nina Hollar," 90;.,Dorothy Florence, 90;William Talbot, 90;Mary Eleanor Isgrigg, 95;Martha Hall, 94;Eleanor Swearingen, 93.MISS RICE,MISS YEAGER,Teachers.GRADE VIJack Brennan, 90;James Reading, 90;Hazel Crombie,92; 4Howard Rees, 92; HJames Collier, 90;ryan Redmon, 96; IKady Elvove, 98;Edwin K. Rice, 93; , :;.Sarah Elvove, 94;William Sauer, 90;Rosalie Friedman, 93;Edwards Templin, 90; ;John F. Young, 90; - '?Nancy Gordon, 93;Arthur Hancock, 94;H. B. Hilr?93; V f.Harvey Hill, 90;Noa Spears Hinton, 90;Elsie Hogan, 94;Susan Howard, 98;Jessie Irvine, 96; .-' '. f r.T.J.Judy, 91;Harriet Kerslake, 95;Leila Kiser, 91; 'Kenney Mastin, 90 ; 'Hazel Maxey, 90;Sara Mae Patterson, 94jMISS (JliAKK,' MISS FARRELL,Teachers.GRADE VII.Ruth Fox, 96;Dorothy Frye, 95;Frances Taylor, 93;Roberta Adams, 92;Nell Quinn, 92;Alma Collins, 91;Rosa Mae Carr, 90.MISS AMMERMAN,Teacher.GRADE VIII.Louise Rowland, 92;Walter Collins, 92;Rebecca Payne, 93;Alhia Collins, 92; ; .Ida Lee Wheeler, 93;Marie Bishop, 93;Edith Bowles, 90;Alice Burton, 96; vv' :- -'v :'Rebecca Collier, 96;Loula Christman, 94;Diidley Deaver, 97; rTEverett Hall, .93; , ..William Hinton, 94;William Lair, 93; ; . i.Pearl Longo, 91 ; ' '? ' HElsie Morrison, 96;Dorothy Pepper. 94; -IariePayne, 93;Helen Roberts, 91;'Gertrude Smeltzer, 96;Mary Spears, 95;Anne Caywood Talbott, 98;36 harden, 96;Lucy Williams, 93 ;. Lucille Wills; 90,; ..'JWilliam Yerkesj '96. - 'MISS RANSON. .MRSFISHBACK,-ffStftsSaSSSSSSv J vSBSSSSfBssH 'HsDiasssaHsiDlSBSsiV . i flMRw?wvr?''"-"', BMBSfc -iKsttilflBsBBwHisHBsfltk'yVsfsHHssHiRiHHnsV " JT sssvIk iSiV7BaBisz. .si sa " wYouTlr"IRST thing you do neiJf1 - go get . some makin'spapers and some PrinceniUM W WISWW Xft.V UA& C TW Ta home made cigarettethat will hit on all yoursmoke cylinders!No use sitting-by and saying maybe you'll cash thishunch tomorrow. Do it whilethe going's good, for man-o-man, you can't figure .outwhatyou'repassingby! Suchflavor, such coolness, suchmore-ish-ness well, the onlywav to' sret the words em-phatic enough is to go to itand know yourself!prince Albertthe nationalBecome a Saver!Buy a Lexington Utilities Bond and helpthe growth of the Blue Grass Community.Bonds sold at 90monthly paymentYIELD 7.6' We pay 6 per cent, interest on all monthlypayments, also refund the nominal Federal Income Tax and the Kentucky State4-mill tax. Ask any employe.Lexington Utilities Company. (Incorporated in Kentucky)156 West Main St. Lexington, Ky.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiNWilliam K. Hagan (S-ybNArchitect.' 5 Engineer.riRT NATIONAL BANK PAE.I.. Ky.llllllllillllll!lillll!lllllllllllllllillllllllll!lllll!ll!lllllllllll!lll!lllllltlli!lltlllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllll!iilllilinvo"-V''?-, j;it w- v..J.' "v:fi "&.y;c ,3 u . J.-enjoy thesport of r ollirv'em with F. A.!MLad, besides PriS'c'rAlbert's delightful f lavor,there's its freedom from biteand parch which is cut out bj;our exclusive patented proc-ess! Certainly r-you smokeP. A. from sun up till youslip between tl3 sheets without a comeback.. Prince Albert is the tobacco that revolutionized pipe.smoking. If you never couldsmoke a pipe forget it!you can AND YOU WILIiif you use Prince Albertfor packing! It's a smoke)revelation in aor a cigarette!jimm2 pipe:joy smoheither for cash orplan.on aUR courteouscharacter hasmade this organization famous. Our expert knowledge of allthe details of our profession meets with theapproval of everyone.Our reputation forfair dealing is ourclients' protection.SStJv1I:1IATaachtrsMM'4?;I' '4 r"i.wL1 Sbey. Tucker,, 94;FRIDAYyOfAvf.7, 111.Mimical Inttnttitats in Arabia. rTfee Arabian love-soegs seemed ofatfd for the desert Always in a' minorkey, usually high-pitched,, slightlyaaeJ, at times, and ending in a reat(ed, hopelews 'minor note,' they weraweirrfand plaintive" according to awriter in Asia Magubie. "One did note to linderstand the words ; perhapIt wag best that one should not, forttwy were frequently bald and unlovely. It was the music that told thettory, revealed the passion and evenMated of that it dared not tell.AnnuuntLmLiuo.FOR STATE SENATORWe are authorized to announceHENRY S. CAYWOOD, of NorthMiiftclletown, as a candidate for theoffice of State Senator fropi theTwenty-eighth. Senatorial District,comprising the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, subject tothe action of the Democrats at th2pollL.FOR REPRESENTATIVEWe are authorized to announceJAMES H. THOMPSON, of Paris, as-a candidate for re-election as Representative from BGurbon County intke Lower House of the KentuckyLegislature, subject to the action ofthe Toters of the county at the primary election, August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES M. CALDWELL, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for Representative from Bourbon county, in theLower House of the Kentucky Legislature, subject to the action of thevoters of the counts- in the primary-election to be held on August 6,1921.FOR SHERIFF.I hereby announce myself as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of BourbonCounty at the Primary Election inAugust, 1S21. When electedSheriff my Deputies will be "Bob"Gilkey and "Doug" Thomas, Sr.PEALE COLLIER. ,H. ED BEDFORD, candidate forSheriff of Bourbon County, respectCully solicits your support and influence. David E. Clark and W. Fred Link,Deputies.FOR COUNTY CLERKWe are authorized tc announceBBARCE PATON as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,supject to the Democratic primaryelection, to be held on Saturday,August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announce J.B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forClerk of the Bourbon County Court,subject to the action of the Democratic primary election, to be heldon Saturday, August 6, 1921.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to. announceJOS. A. SMITH, of the Little Rockvicinity, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the voters at the primaryelection, in August, 1921.We are authorized to announceJAMES E. TAYLOR, of Paris, as acandidate for Jailer, subject to thescticn of the Democratic voters atthe primary election, August 6,1921. He respectfully solicits yoursupport and influence in his candidacy. We are authorized to announceJOHN MAHAR, of the Millersburgprecinct, (familiarly known as JohnFester) as a candidate for Jailer ofBourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic voters of thecounty. Mr. Mahar respectfully-solicits the support of the votersin his candidacy.Ed Herrin, of Paris, Ky., is a candidate for Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the aotion of the Democratic primary.We axe authorized to announceW. a BUTLER U ItariL II Candidate for the office of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action ofthe voters in the primary election,August 6, 1921. He respectfullysolicits your support.FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceBEN WOODFORD, JR., of Bourboncounty, as a candidate ror tne omceof Tax Commissioner of BourbonCounty, with MRS. WALTER3LARK, of Paris, as Deputy, subjectto the action of the voters at theprimary election on August 6. 1921.We are authorized to announceJOE B. SMITH as a candidate forTax Commissioner of Bourbon County, with FRANK COLLINS as Deputy County Tax Commissioner, subject to the action of the Democraticparty.s FOR TAX COMMISSIONERWe are authorized to announceJOHN J. REDMON, of Bourboncounty, as a candidate for the officeof Tax Commissioner of Bourboncounty, with THOS. TAUL andFRANKIE SDDENER MORELANDas deputies, subject to the action ofthe voters of the county at the primary election in August., They respectfully ask your support.FOR POLICE JUDGEWe are authorized to announce J.W. BROWN, of Paris, as a candidatefor Police Judge of the City of Paris,subject to the action -of the votersin the primary election on August6, 1921.We are authorized to announceTHEODORE P. NIX, of Paris, as acandidate for Police Judge of theCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters at the primary election on August 6, 1921.We are authorized to announceROBERT S PORTER, of Paris, as icandidate for Police Judge of theCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the, voters in the. primary election om Aiipirt f, 1M1.SWIFT fc CO.'S. WEEKLY. MbODUCE MARKEr .REVIEWThe volume of cream delivered tocreameries is larger than last -weekand is considerably heavier than ayear ago. Prices are generally unchanged for butter and butterfat.Eggs are showing the effect ofwarmer temperatures and there hasbeen a lower tendency in the marketthe last few days. Announcementof the warehouse figures showingstocks in storage on May 1 of 4,802,000 cases of eggs, as compared with2,135,000 cases last year, showing anexcess ot 2,667,000 cases has had alittle unsettled influence.April and May eggs are of thehighest quality and a goodly portionare placed in storage. As we approach the summer weather, eggsare not the satisfactory qualitywhich they showed in the coolerspring months, and the demand forstorage is therefore limited. It is ofthe utmost importance that eggs begathered daily, kept in a cool place,and marketed frequently.The poultry supply is norm'al Torthis season of the year and pricesshow little change.A few broilers are beginning toshow up on the various markets, butdue to the generally lower value ofother foods, and the large stock leftin storage last year, prices are considerably under a year ago. It is notexpected the demand for smallbroilers will be very active for somefew months."IT SEEMED LIKEHer Recovery After Three Years ofSuffering Was a Great SurpriseCan't Say Enought In Its Praise."Tanlac acted altogether differentfrom other medicines I have taken,for it went right after my troubles atonce, and now after taking only threebottles I am a well woman," declared Mrs. Maude H. Miller, 641 Dempster street, New Memphis, Tenn."About three years ago I began suffering from stomach trouble, whichcontinued- to grow worse until attumes it seemed like I couldiot live.I had indigestion so bad I couldn'teat a single thing without its hurting me, and my liver was very inactive. After every meal I wouldbloat up with gas until I couldhardly breathe, and my heart actedso queerly that at times I was actually frightened. I was extremelynervous, could not stand the leastnoise around me, and it was simplyimpossible for me to get a goodnight's sleep. I felt tired and wornout all the time, and was so badlyconstipated I had to continually takesomething for this as well as myother troubles."Some of my friends and relativeshad taken Tanlac with such fine results I decided to try it myself.Well, sir, I now have a splendid appetite, can eat just anything I wantand never have a sign of indigestion.My liver is active, my nerve in fineshape, r sleep well and have regained my strngth so that I can do myhousework with greater ease than in.years. To tell the truth, there hasbeen such ' an improvement m mycondition I am actually surprised atit, and as Tanlac deserves all thecredit I can never say enough forit.''oThe present year marks the 400thanniversary of the death of Poncede Leon, the discoverer of Florida.ASPIRINName "Bayer", on GenuineBeware! Uulessyou see the name"Bayer" on package or on tablets youare not getting genuine. Aspirin prescribed by physicians for twenty-oneyears and proved safe by millions.Take no chances with substitutes.If you see the Bayer Cross on tablets you can take them withoutfear for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia,Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache,Lumbago and for Pain.Handy tin boxes of twelve tabletscost few cents. Druggists also selllarger packages. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticidester of Salicylicacid.(adv)PILE9!If you are a suferec wiA POfift. JtSiSftofds, blind or bljeding. Wj&mfromtiie fast apoficatipn of Ul 'WiemmAj (salve) for piles wdl! no hvfectly toothing; ioee not smart. i.uu Dymail, prepaid.IH'WWtWWl SGOUIDN V'Am in the greatest citieslas own home town theTire user gets fresh, hveoil currant production."THE U. S. CHAIN TREADOne of the few tires of which it maybe said that they deliver economyyear in and year out and tire after tire.The U. S. Chain Tread givessufficient traction on all ordinaryroad surfaces. It is probably thehandsomest, and by all odds themost popular, of the whole TJ. S.Fabric Tire line.United States602 TireSECOND PINEHUEST SEEN' INMAMMOTH CAVE PLANSA second Pinehurst, a wealthyman's paradise, is to be establishedon a tract of 300 acres three milesNorth of Mammoth Cave and tenmiles West of Cave City, where apaity of Chicago capitalists, headedby A. J. Musselman, has purchasedthe grqund and where Tom Bendelow,the Chicago golf architect, has b6gun laying out' an eighteen-hole golfcourse.The Bluegrass Country Club, whichhas been organized to control thelinks and clubhouse, eventually willattract luxurious hotel facilities .tMammoth Cave.iNckel coins are in use in Ceylon,Uganda, India, and Nigeria, amongother British possessions.nCoffins of, marble and stone wereused by, the Romans.jingiet fafiiyn.tf firniM neei wsewss weUexmctTON.KY.lncs, S,HWYCUYftOLtEft EXTRACTHENRY aAYFlOCRmomU. S.tires; Be ! til uHnSIPy ubbW I VJ I bxbbbb H f t YyS.LV.ii Lfv VLA HI I I JcSRKrlwf -oWI l.t t Ws Al H wmmm f "In every Mcfon, Aowntf. . uI IMl VI M JTM f I remote, yom Sad dbafar ' II " Wi IllSLPWV) freb,br.Z.S.Tin' K ,I mwMBri I .. -i.Economy rides onUSEres"IF you could get together all the carowners you know, you'd probablyfind that their tire experiences had beenmuch the same.Most of them have taken their flingat "job lots," "discontinued lines" and"surplus stocks." Soon or late, nearlyall settled back on quality first as theone sound assurance of tire value.As soon as a man forgets the cutprice tag, and comes to the dealer whaconcentrates on a full, completelysized stock of U. S. Tires he learnswhat it means to get fresh, Hve tiresnot once in a while but every time.Not merely in the big cities, but inhis own home town.United States Tires& Vulcanizing Co.Paris, Ky.liSKWaddcllsDon't Suffer Don't be OperatedU J&JS Wed Dr. WaddelTsfcntetd to give absolute taixsfacnon oryumey refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourironist If not write us.IMedicmeSmMisGroVelSMBBMBMVSSPikRimsdyMMHaMKJMMOMMClMHHNBMUtHMIm irma'uiHiiaNot merely for- the heavy car, but forthe medium and light-weight car afull selection of size, tread and type.Your U. S. Tire dealer can give youthis service because of the service hegets from his neighboring U.S. FactoryBranch. There are 92 of these Branches.Each gets its share of U. S. Tires, sothat the dealer is always supplied withfresh, live stock.U. S. Tires sell as fast as they are made.There is no over production. No surplus piled up waiting for a "market."'Wherever you buy a U. S. Tireyou buy a tire of current production,as full of life and value as' the day itleft the makers,Rubber CompanyMillersburg Hardware Co.Millersburg, Ky.EAGLE"MKAD0".r or oeic at your Uealer MaJe in fire raeWASK FOR THE YELLOW PENCIL WITH THE RED BANDEAGLE MIKADOEAGLE PENCIL COMPANY, NEW YORK(till july4)WE HAVE ON DISPLAYand can make IMMEDIATE DELIVERYa larger stock of finishedGranite Monumentsthan all other dealers in Central Kentucky. No agents:No commissions. Guaranteed quality'.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.Cumbtrland Phoit 71 PARIS, KENTUCKYjMII MIIIMI IHome Telephone SubscribersHave Free Communication with theFollowing Towns and VillagesMillersburg, Headquarters, Hooktown, Black's CrossRoads, Shawhan, Ruddles Mills, Kiserton, Centerville,Jacksonville, Clintonville, Avon, Wyandott. Austerlitz,EsconaMda, Little Rock. Cane Ridge, Plum, Bunker HillNorth Middletown connection will be re-estabh'sked 'within a few weeks.Paris Home Telephone & Telegrapk Co.Incorporate! " - jXvMiiim iiimiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiniiMivi"-'i":: . 1 1ImTPendlNo.174flii,yaIll iiimiiiii-V2-S-'aSST Jy fI F. fTC, S JMrftctnr,(apr2f-13tF) .ir.ft'.2i fc,.,fl'V-. Vlrr-tm. - sirTHE, BOURBONSESttsaasBasnaFAM8.niDAT. MAX T, WW, -.MILLERSBURGLee Clarke, of Louisville, is theguest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. S. Clarke.Rev. P. F. Adams, Dr. C. C.Fisher, Mesdames E. M. Thompsonand Allie Miller have returned fromthe District Conference, which wasin session at Moorefield from Tuesday until Thursday.Miss Martha K. Ewing, who hasbeen attending1 college at Millersburg, is at home in Gebrgetown fora few days visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. James V. Ewing. She wasaccompanied by Misses MondayGreer, of Bardstown, and SylviaBlades, of Smithfield.Onnie Zoeler and family, ofJackson, O., have arrived and arequartered at present at the CentralHotel. It will be remembered thatMr. Zoeler purchased the MajesticTheatre from O. W. Ingels about two-weeks ago, and has taken possessionof his new enterprise. We extend ahearty welcome to them.r. M. Caldwell will sell at public sale to-jmorrow, Saturday, May28, at his home on Trigg avenue, achoice assortment of furniture,many of them old family heirlooms.The sale will begin promptly at 2:00o'clock, p. m. This will be a rarep.Ti9.nr.A to set bargains in householdgoods. Don't forget the place anddate. , 'Tuesday at 8:00 p. m., the shortcommencement exercises of the M. M.I., closed with an English comedy atthe Opera House, by the Cadets, assisted bv a number of the young ladies of the town. The play, whichPAINTUPGET OUR PRICES ONPaintsVarnishesOils, Etc.theThe est Goods atBest Prices.See Us Before You Buy.1ARDEU SONiI Druggists Both Phones( il ItI 1 '1 Vmmm ot.y aoocA vomTeo Jywas umder the- direction of Mrs. C.M. Beet, was well rendered, f nd washumorous from first to last. At theclose of the exercise.. Maj. Nelson,principal of the 'school, delivered a Ishort address, in which he received jthe work of the past year, callingattention to the new grounds recent- Ily purchased, and" the erection of Ibuildings which would accommoaatefifty boarding students next year.Catalogues for the next year are nowready, and can be had by applyingto Maj. Nelson. e The medal forscholarship given by Mr. A. T. Moffett was won by Cadet Williams,and that in the competitive drill byCadet Fisher. The new institutethen took a furlough and will reopenin the new building September 20.PUBLIC SALE I will sell atpublic sale at my home, on Triggavenue, to-morrow, Saturday, May28, beginning at :00 p. m., a lotof household and kitchen furniture,consisting of one coal range, tables,chairs, bedsteads, dressers, washstands, sofa, piano, book cases, onebaby carriage, one warderobe, andother articles not herein mentioned.Much of the furniture is old familyheirlooms the things (many are nowasking for. Don't forget the timeand place. Let everybody come.(It) R. M. CALDWELL.The Commencement exercfses ofthe M. C, were continued Mondaymorning, with a tennis tournamenton the campus. Quite a large assembly was present. The games wereinteresting to those who enjoy tennis. Monday at 4:00 p. m., theyoung ladies of the M. C. gave aMay Day entertainment on the College campus. The Paris orchestra,dispensed delightful .music beforeand after the entertainment. Theentertainment was a regular MayDay exercise,, with the Queen of May,her attendants, milkmaids, shepherdess, fairies anii elves. MibsDavis was crowned Queen of May.The costumes were beautiful. Thedrills and choruses were well rendered. At the close of the exercisesthe American Legion served ices andcakes. Monday at 8:00 p. m. the pupils in music of the M. C. gave anannual concert of voice and pianonumbers in the College auditorium,to a large audience. The programwas classical and was qnToyed by allpresent. Large audiences were inattendance at all the exercises onMonday. Tuesday at 10:30 a. pn.,fourteen young ladies received theirdegrees in the M. C. Auditorium,and another large audience was inattendance. The exercises wereopened with a short musical program, after which Dr. John .Hill,Professor of History of GeorgetownCollege, delivered the literary address, and read the honor roll. Thescholarship medal given by Mr. A. T.Maffott was won by Miss Alma Metcalfe, of 'Millersburg. At noon Tuesday the M. C. College closes for itssummer vacation until next September, some of the young ladies leavingfor their homes in the afternoon andevening, while the larger part ofthem rejmained until Wednesdaymorning.oCORBIN JUDGE CAPTURES WASHINGTON PICKPOCKET .Judge S. H. Cash, of Corbin, Ky.,who has just taken a position as attorney with the Departmenf"of Justice,, was responsible for the arrestof a pickpocket in Washington, itdeveloped in court. While riding ona street car Judge Cash saw the pickpocket drawing his hand from thevictim's pocket. When the police arrived they found their prisoner inthe street with the Kentuckianuarding him with a knife.Y XCrffEAmE 3 1 1IAND1fpffi Jffl lj2:00 to 5:307:00 to 10:30TO-DAY, FRIDAYCORINNE GRIFFITHIN"It Isn't Being Done ThisSeason"The story of a girl who believed allmen were bad. How, she learned hermistake makes a thrilling, dramatic photoplay of real merit. It is a picture foreveryone who enjoys good acting, beautiful gowns, picturesque scenes, and realaction in a clean, wholesome film. vIn Addition:CHAS. HUTCHISONAmerica's Death Death Defying Hero of Daredevil Deedsin "DOUBLE ADVENTURE"And Vaniiy Fair Maidsin "Running Wild"1111Tomorrow, SaturdayHearts Are TrumpsEnacted By AnAll-Star CastLove and hate, truth and falsehood,courage and cowardice striving for masterywith the weight of a gamblingchance tilting the scajes of destiny, nowthis way, now that.See this mighty melodrama of romanceand intrigue and know again the thrill ofhigh excitement that onlya rapid-fire playcan produce.Also GEORGE BUNNYIN"When Martin Gets Here"Monday and TuesdayMay30thand 31stPAULINE FREDERICKin "MADAME XHailed everywhere as the greatestemotional picture ever made. We wantyou to see what we consider the finestpart Pauline Frederick has ever playedthe most movtnor, the most exalting, themost pathetic picture ever screened.In Addition MondayCentury Comedy The Dog Catcher'and Pathe ReviewIn Addition TuesdayRuth Roland in "The AvengingArrow"And Pathe News,xADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cRELIGIOUS.of the Paris Christian church. The Mrs. Cora F. Ruhr, 43, both of Paris,MATRIMONIAL.wedding was witnessed by the bride's.father, J. H. Howard. The groom is1 p. son of Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Wagner,an or .tsourDon county.SPECIALFriday asid Saturday OnlyYELLOW CLINGPEACHESPALM BEACHSUITS,$15 - $18 - $20FOR COMFORTIn the latest styles, in plaincolors and stripes; for menand young men.STRAW HATS$2.50 TO $5.00Price & Co.Large Size Cans30 CanNot over S cans to acustomerLogan Howardf'Tht Home of Good Thingsto Eat"Phones 1791Clothiersand FurnishersMlIIMFAMOUSHOME-MADECANDIESTHE MOSTAPPRECIATED GIFT- ATGRADUATIONANDC0MNENCEMENTCharleston, West Virginia, waschosen for the next General Assembly of the Southern Presbyterianchurch at the sixty-first General Alsembly held in St, Louis, Mo., Tuesday. The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church, willmeet Sunday evening at 6:30, subject, "Missionary Progress in Africa." Leader, Mrs. Ireland Davis.All arc urged to be present, as wewish to reach our goal of a hundredin attendance at this meeting.Rev. W. P. Crouch, who sojmeweeks ago resigned his charge as pastor of the Christian Church at Carlisle, has accepted a call to' becomepastor of the Christian Church inrShelbyville, Tenn. He and his familywill leave Monday for their newhome. Rev. Crouch will preach hisfarewell sermon Sunday night.In accordance with plans, pretwtpH hv "Rev. Father WilliamO'Hare, now pastor of the Church of , minister, Rev.the Annunciation, in Paris, work onthe new Catholic church at Nicholasville, will begin in .the next fewweeks. 'Movement for building thenew church was started severalmonths ago while Father O'Hare waspastor of the Nicholasville church.The new building, which is to beerected on the site of the presentstructure, will be of the Englishstyle of the twelfth century.Rev. P. F. Adams, pastor of theMillersburg Methodist church, willpreach at the Mt. Carmel church, inNioholas county, at three o'clockSunday afternoon.The resignation of Rev. C. W.Elsey as pastor of the CynthianaBaptist church becomes effectiveSeptember 1, or as soon as his successor can be chosen. After a pastorate of twelve years Rev. Elseygoes to Williamsburg, where he willassume the presidency of the Cumberland College.The Endeavor Society of the Chris-.tian church will meet in the churchparlors at 6:30 Sunday night. Theleader will be Miss Elizabeth Rule.All the members are urged to bepresent.Christian Church Calendar Sunday: Bible School, 9:30 a. m.; Morning Worship, 10:45 a. m.; ChristianEndeavor meeting, 6:30 p. m.;Evening service, 7:30 p. ,m. Thursday: B. G. M. Circle, 6:00 p. m ,Friday: Missionary Society, 3:00'p. m.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHSunday is Presbyterian Das?Every member of the church, oldand young, is expected to be presentSunday morning. "Efevery MemberPresent" is the slogan for this service. The subject of the sermon willbe "Esprit de Corps." The subjectat the evening, service will be"Touching Up Heaven." The sermonon this subject will be the last of theseries which the pastor has beengiving on the "Things After Death."Heaven, as pictured by many, is nota very attractive place to go. ' A better idea of the next world joys willbe the theme of the sermon "Touching Up Heaven." Sunday is Children's Day at the Sunday School.The public is cordially invited to attend these services. Hours' of preaching, 10:55 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday School 9:30 a. m., Christian Endeavor 6:45 p. m.oWOLFORD SCHROTECarl A. Schrote, of Paris, andMiss Myrtle Wolford, of Tarrentum,Pa., secured a marriage license inParis and were married in Covington at the residence of the officlac-ing minister, Rev. D. P.- Hall, pastoiof the Union Methodist Church. Af- jter a short honeymoon trip Mr. and 'Mrs. Schrote "returned to Paris, wherethey will reside. ,The groom is- a son of Mr. and,Mis. Win. Schiote, of Scott avenue,and is an expert auto mechanic intheemploy of the C. S. Ball Garage.The bride is a charming and accomplished young woman, who has mademany friends here by her graciousdisposition. 'RUHR ROWANThe Shelbyville correspondenceof Wednesday's Louisville Times hasthe following matrimonial note regarding Paris people:"J. C. Rowan, 45 years old, andKy., were married at the courthouse here yesterday afternoon byJudge E. T. Pollard. The bride is adaughter of Frank Shiek and wasdivorced from her first husband."Miss Belle Burke has the distinction of being the first woman elected county superintendent of schoolsin Virginia.GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Service,HOWARD WAGNERHarry Alvine Wagner, 20, and jjMiss Bettie L. Howard, 21, were'mnrripd Werinesdav afternoon at . !3:30 at the home of the officiatingW. E. Ellis, pastorBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 299HIHtHMMMHlMOOhn lowCorsage Bouquetsa Specialty1OFFEK IBE A BOOSTER!Boost your city, boost your, friend,Boost the lodge that you attend;Boost the street on which you'redwelling, rBoost the goods that you are sell-Aing;Boost the people 'round about you,They can get along without you,But success will quickly find them,If they know that you're behindthem, -Boost for every forward movement,Boost for every improvement, "Boost the man for whom you -labor,Boost the stranger and the nfiigbbor. V .naono tn Via. a nhrnnir Irnnr.kp.r.Cease to be a progress blocker; . V 1It you a maiceyour ciiy DewerAt This Economy StoreThe very best Spring Footwear styles now on sale atprices lowest in years.Buy your new Spring and Summer Footwear at thisstore this week and you will know the reason why we holdthe reputation of selling quality footwear at one-third lessprices..This Week's Big ValuesLadies' Fine Soft Kid English Lacefords, high and low heels. Special-Ox-S3.49Newest styles Ladies Brown KidSlippers and English Lace Oxfords,values. SpecialStrap?6.00S3.99Canvas English Lace 4)1 CCSpecial h' JLadies' White Canvas English LaceOxfords.Ladies' high grade beautiful Spring stylesSatin, Black Suede Strap Slippers. Valuesto $9.00. Special$5.95Men's New Spring Shoes and Oxfords, Tan.English, Vici Kid and'Gun Metal. RubberHeels. $7.00 values. Special$4.95Boy Scout Shoes, made of soft tan elk. Agreat shoe for wear. $3,00 values. All sfzesup to 6. Special$1.99Children's Foot-form Tan Lace Oxfords fordress or play. Sizes 5 to 11, Special .xS1.99Men's Good Wear Tan Work Shoes t -fl AQSpecial ,-HSpecial For Graduation and CommencementWhite Slippers and PumpsBoost itv to thefflnal letter!it-sfMDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreeOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign-Vw-A-riL; 4.'' '--:t- J- - -r-rrti'j-r-V..9-f'f?F . -ST J HHHjWBB?,.- .- .. .-- ..Tr.rr t,..-Ljt iLj..-. .. v- r..- TinirV-Sfas' t.-fViKi.tmcjirs. ?t-v&? At i.3&J&1- .'-A.:l.sfea'i.inararctf'iTVjm&n s: