wryi!-'J,1?. , r-tt 1 VILrTHE. A ftpm. t-Jt -3JPUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.'meVOLUME XLIIPARK, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1922- '! VBOURBONNEWS7A'm30UBB0N ATJTO COLLIDES WITHMOTOECYCLEIn a collision "between an autodriven by Allie Jones, of North Mid'dletown, and a motorcycle riddenby Motorcycle Patrolman Clifford"Hall, of Fayette county, which, occurred on the Paris pike, about twoand one-half miles from Lexington,Wednesday afternoon, Hall sustained fatal injuries. The force of theimpact wrecked the motorcycle, andbroke the bumper, radiator and engine of Mr. Jones' automobile.The accident occurred directly in-front of the home of J. B. Lyons,where it was thought Hall, whilechasing automobile speeders on theirjway to Lexington, attempted topass around the machine in front ofhim and collided with Mr. Jones'machine. After the accident the4stop speedometer on Hall's motorcycle showed he had been runningat the rate of fifty-eight miles anhour. Hall was picked up by passing autoists and taken to St. Joseph's Hospital, where it was foundhis skull was fractured, one of hislegs was mangled, and he wasthought to have sustained internalinjuries. Mr. Jones was uninjured.Mr. Lyons stated he had just comein from his front porch, and was inthe front hall when he heard thecrash, and upon rushing out sawHall lying across the radiator of theJones machine. He did not knowexactly how the accident happened, but thought Hall was trying togo around a machine in front ofhim when he struck the Jones machine. Hall died at the Hospital at twoo'cloek, followed by burial in theeffect of his injuries. The body wastaken to his old home at New Liberty, Ky., where the funeral will beheld to-morrow afternoon at threeNew Liberty Cemetery.No blame whatever attaches toMr. Jones in the unfortunate accident. Hall did not see the Jonesmachine, in which Mr. Jones andfamily were returning to Paris.HAIL INSURANCE, INSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(julyT tf )OEDEE YOUE BLACE3EEEIESDon't wait until thenars - allgone before you place your order.Order to-day and you will get themas soon as possible.C. P. COOK & COREDUCTIONSONFINE HOSIERYLOWEST PRICES ON THE BEST SILKAND FINE IMPORTED LISLE HOSIERYPure Silk Lace orClocks all Colors values to $5.00 at - r$3.48Full Fashion Pure Silk in the new,shades Embroidered Clocks valuesto $4.00 at ( f)$2.48 i i, 'Full Fashion Silk Hose Grey NudeMode and other shades values to$3.00 at$1.87Special Lot in all the New Shades u ""values to $2.00 at$1.19 and $1.48Imported Chiffon Lisle Black andWhite with Lace or EmbroideredClocks at98cJ&d-Sfl5cORPOPATCDDEPARTMENT STORE .PARIS, KENTUCKYtf.f. .',-CHEISTIAN EDUCATION CAMPAIGNReports received at headquartersfor the Presbyterian movement forChristian education in Kentucky indicate that the churches of that denomination are united in the workof raising $1,000,000 for the cause.After preliminary work in this section of the State the actual canvasshas been started in some of thechurches. The institutions includedin the' plan are the PresbyterianSeminary at Louisville, Centre College, Kentucky College, PikevilleCollege, Lee's Collegiate Institute,Scott Academy and the PresbyterianOrphanage at Anchorage. Localcommittees will be organized ineach community to aid in the actualcanvass. It is planned to have thework completed by the end of theyear.Mr. Garrett S. Jefferson, of thelocal church, is looking after theadvertising end and a few other details for Bourbon county.0NATIONAL FEDERATION CLUBSOPEN SESSIONThe National Federation of Business and Professional Women's Clubsopened their convention in Chattanooga, Tenn., Monday, to continueto July 16.Delegates from forty-eight Statesare attending to discuss the problems of the progress of women inthe professional and commercialfields in this country.Mrs. Lena Lake Forrest, of Detroit, president, opened the session.Miss Lota Kelly, of Raton, NewMexico, is first vice-president. MissRuth Rich, of Jacksonville, Fla., issecretary. Two prominent womenwho will speak at .the conventionare Cora Harris, the well-knownauthor, and Mrs. William BrownMoleny, editor of the Delinetaor.oY. M. C. A. NOTESThe following boys left Tuesdaymorning for a two-weeks' outing atCamp Daniel Boone: Jack Brennan, Jesse Turney, T. J. Judy, SolFeld, Sam Margolen, Eddie Merringer, W. G-. Talbott, Jr., John Webber, Robert Cahal, Carl Dyke, JoeMitchell, Everette Galloway, NoaHinton, Billy Wilson, Billy Yerkes,Jo Varden, Jr. They were accompanied by Owen L. -Davis.Registrations are coming in forCamp Mammoth Cave July 26 toAugust 9. Paris will probably haveone full tent for this Camp.Fancy Embroidered&j1 1r31 . $1'rf1- ,.?f tBASE BALLYBHTERDAY'S RESULTSParis 4, Lexington 3.Maysville 3, Winchester 1.i Cynthiana 2, Mt. Sterling 5.TO-MORROW'S GAMESParis at Winchester.Maysville at Lexington.Cynthiana at Mt. Sterling.SUNDAY'S GAMESParis at Winchester.Maysville at Lexington.Cynthiana at Mt. Sterling."Paris beat Lexington!" That'smore guory than winning the pennant! The old-time rivalry between Paris and Lexington receiveda shock yesterday when the Mam' moths shocked the Studebakers by!a 4 to 3 victory. Miner pitched,with Brockie on the receiving end.Enough glory for one day, everybody said!I The new three - game - a - weekschedule of the Blue GrassLeague was announced by PresidentI Thomas M. Russell. It comprises42 games for each club, the firsthaving been been played last Sunday, and the closing date being setas October 12. Games will be play-jed each Thursday, , Saturday andSunday, and on Labor Day, Monday,September 4.Lexington will have ten of the 14J Sundays on Devereaux Field. Maysville and Mt. Sterling have each sixgames on their home' lots, whileParis and Cynthiana will haveseven apiece. Lexington has butjone Thursday at home, and 12 Saturdays. Cynthiana has no Saturdays at home, and has ten Thurs-I days.Lexington will have 13 Thursdays, one Saturday, four Sundaysand one holiday abroad.The Mammoth's management announces an extensive improvementscheme soon to be put in effect atLeague Park. Several boxes are tobe built near the home player'sbench, and the grandstand will beenlarged, erivins: an additional seating capacity of several hundredfA press box for the exclusive use ofthe score-keepers and visitingnewspaper men is also to be erected.Hereafter, a charge of fifteen centswill be made to" both men and women occupying seats in the grandstand. In the new three-game-a-weekschedule Paris gets nineteen gamesat home, five of which are Sundaygames. Lexington, as usual, managed to "hog" the major end of thegames. Mayoe me "nooaoo maithat has kept Paris from scoring'against Lexington on the field has! been working on the schedule, also.In the Church League seriesTuesday on Hancock Field the Christian Church team defeated theMethodists by the score of 7 to 4.The next game in the series will bebetween the Baptist and Presbyterian teams, this afternoon. Thegame will be called at 3:30 sharp.Speaking of, "some scores" thegirls baseball team defeated theCity School playgrounds team Wednesday afternoon by a score of 26 to25. The scorekeepers ran out ofpencils and had to quit on accountof "writer's cramp."RH0DA B0YEL CIRCUS IN PARISTO-MORROW"The show is coming," is the de-' lightf ul shout of the small boy as hegazes upon the big bills that announce the date of the great tent en-' tertamment which is to be in Paristo-morrow, Saturday, July 15. Theenthusiasm of the small boy isshared by his elders, and when theshow comes his father and motherand sisters and cousins and aunts' seven or eleven of them will gojust to take the small boy to theshow. They may, however, be excused when it is considered that theRhoda Royal big railroad show iscoming with an aggregation of funattractions and great zoological collection from the jungles and forestsof five continents. There is a large,three-ring show, a monster menagerie, which by the way, is entirelydistinct and separate from the wildbeast show, which consists of allkinds of savage brutes exhibited instartling performances, in a hugesteel-barred circular cage, the sameas seen in European capitals. NewYork, Chicago, and at the AtlantaExhibition. Then there is a real Roman hippodrome, and a world ofwonders which space forbids a detailed account of here. All in all theRoyal shows are to be a most surprising and pleasing unification ofall that is new and wonderful in thegreat show world. (It)O rThe safest and surest way back tohealth, strength and happiness is bythe Tanlac route. Tanlac is sold byall good druggists. ' (adr)Peopl co to Cam 'for & changeof.climatt. Tkt U. S.;i too iry. xTHE STRIKE SITUATIONThe situation in Paris as to thestriking railroad shopmen remainsunchanged, with nothing of publicinterest appearing above the surface.The striking shopmen are goingtheir ways confident in the justiceof their course, and hopeful of goodresults from negotiations in progress.Rumors have been rife regardingimportation of labor here, and theemployment of a force of guards,but these have been discredited.The situation here is one of watchful waiting, peaceful and serene.There has been no disorder, notalk of trouble, and none is expected. Attorney General Daugherty hasauthorized the appointment in Kentucky of as many United StatesDeputy Marshals as is deemed necessary to keep mail trains and interState commerce moving. It is understood that twenty will be appointed at once.Roy Williams, Federal DeputyMarshal for Eastern Kentucky, saidhe received authority to appointspecial deputies to protect government interests in handling mailtrains and inter-State commerceduring the strike. Some deputieswill go to Corbin, he said.While flatly refusing to meet theleaders of 400,000 striking shopmento discuss peace proposals, railwayexecutives at Chicago yesterday leftopen the door for a settlement ofthe strike through the United StatesRailroad Labor Board.Immediately after reaching anagreement with the heads of the"big four" brotherhoods not to require their members to do any ofthe work of striking shopmen, theexecutives began consideration of apeace program submitted to them byBen W. Hopper, chairman of thelabor board, after a conference withB. M. Jewell, head of the strikingshopmen.EARLY MORNING FIRE DESTROYS HOUSE AND CONTENTSA fire of unknown origin at oneo'clock Tuesday morning, destroyedthe frame building on Hanson streetoccupied by George Paynter as agrocery, and "Red" Blythe, employeof the Grand Opera House, as a residence. When the firemen arrivedtje flames had gained such headway as to make it impossible to saveeither the building or its contents.There had been no fire of any description in the building at any timethrough the day.Mr. Blythe retired a little afterten o'clock, and was aroused byneighbors when the fire was discovered. His wife was absent fromhome. He lost all his new household goods and clothing, on whichthere was no insurance. Mr. Paynter's stock of groceries was destroyed, on which he had about $700 insurance. ' The building is owned by JamesB. Webb, of Lexington, and was insured for $1,200. Last May thebuilding on the same site burned.The State Fire Marshal, it wasstated, has been asked to investigatethe fire. An alarm from Box 13about noon Tuesday called the firedeoartment to a point near Lillestonavenue, where a pile of rubbish hadbeen set on fire by children playingwith matches. The resulting fire seriously endangered residences in thevicinity for a time. The fire wasquickly extinguished by tne department.Fire, Wind ind Ug btjunf insurance.THOMAS. WOODFORD fr BRYANtCOURT NEWS RsftTVia Snniiritv Trust Com&W. OfLexington, as executor of the W. C.Massie estate, in uouruuu tuuut,,filed suit in Fayette uuunCourt against W. K. Massie and fifty eight others praying that tne wintie wine cgjjkits m1; thatpf W. C. Massie, deceased, De ustrued by the court; that iKAimfc qc ovPMitnr be settledall claims be properly paid ana tudijudgment be given to enable execu-tor to maKe proyei ulo"lu,:"u;the estate. Attorneys uem u.don, Hunt, Northcott and Bush arerepresenting the plaintiff.L. T. Leach, fugitive from justice, now in Canada, will not- bebrought back to Paris for trial, according to officials who have had thecase in charge. Governor Morrowrefused to have requisition papersissued for Leach's return. TheCanadian authorities were so informed by Sheriff M. Peale Collier,who also notified them to releaseLeach from custody.In the County Court Judge Batterton fined "Buddie" Byrd $24 on abreach of the peace charge.w,.T,Tr TnTincnn. colored, was triedby a jury in the County Court yes-terday on a charge oi namu8 "shine Mquor In his possesion forpurpose of sale. The jury after afew Moments' . deliberation returnedvaYeriiet of ot uilty,. an4JoklMlWM UlMM item,))!.' . iB0UBB0N GUN CLUBWe held our regular shoot Wednesday afternoon with thirty-five ofthe boys enjoying the sport. Somegood scores were hung up, andwould have been better but for avery high wind that played itspranks on the last two squads. Thisis our last shoot before the StateShoot, which will be held here nextweek, July 18, 19 and 20. Fromindications this will be the best andbiggest shoot ever held in Kentucky.There will be from seventy-five toone hundred shooters taking part inthe program. If you miss this shootyou sure will miss a treat in moreways than one. The trophy, a finebox of cigar, donated by WorickBros. (Sweet Shop) was won by J.R. Pendleton. Scores:Shotat BrokeJ. Shropshire 75 82Ben Hisel 75 71H. Hall 75 70H. Hillis. 75 57W. Henderson t. 50 50F. Hillis 50 48J. C. Kenney .50 47V. K. Dodge. ...... .50 46FredBurgin.. .. ..50 46A. Buckner 50 46Alfred Clay 50 46J.R.Pendleton.. .. ..50 45H. Herndon . . V. .. ..50 45G. Gay 50 44A. L. Ferguson .. .. ..50 44W. Buckner.. 30 43Lee Hartman 50 43H. M. Roseberry 50 43C. Ferguson 50 43J. L. Dodge ..50 41A. B. Perkins '!50 41N. F. Brent 50 41Sam Clay ... t ... .50 '41J. M. Caldwell .... '.'.50 41Jay W. Kenney 50 40R. Jones .50 40W. S. Haggard.. .. ". '.50 39C. O. LaCompte 50 39C. Buckner 50 38J. T. Rodman ....".! 50 37Wm. Ardery, Sr.,. ..50 36Wm. Ardery, Jr.,'.. l50 15Catesby Spears 25 25Wm. Wornall, Jr., .. ..25 18O. W. May '.25 18Guage.ROXIE DAVIS, Sect.oA compromise is when a managrees to let his wife have what shewants if she wall shut up."IPaper m Miami, Fla., has abroad-casting station. It competeswith the other station W. J. B.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMID-SUMMER SALEui JuvIAjLuBLOUSESIN FRENCH VOILE AND BATISTE "v.Special $2.75 to $7.75VALUES TO $9.75Crisp, dainty and femininely lovely are these delightful hand-made blouses to wear with ooe's suit, sweateror skirt. The collars have -been made to fit and the cuffsare just the sort to turn back prettily. One may havesquare, round, tuxedo or Peter Pan style collars in thesewaists all trimmed with pretty filet lace. You will likethem all. Sizes 34 to 46. Also featuring stout sizes 48to 54, very moderately priced.m. SPECIAL No. 2 .Beautful Hand-EmbroideredPhilippine Gowns andTeddies at$2.50 the GarmentKFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSro:Forms for making returms of spec-ial taxes due under the Reyeoue'actof 1921 during the month of Julyare now available at the office of W.D. Hamilton, chief of the LexUffto.division of the internal revenue dfetrict of Kentucky, on the secoadfloor of the postoffice building.- Toavoid penalty, return and paymemtof tax must be made on or beforeJuly 31, 1922.The forms upon which to makeireturn of any of the special or occupational taxes or of the capital stoclctax, together with information asto their preparation, etc., may alsobe obtained by persons residing lathe Lexington division (which com-prises 42 counties in Central andEastern Kentucky, but at a distancfrom Lexington), from any -of thefollowing zone deputy collectorsall of whom report to the Lexington,office: W. B. Perkins, Carlisle, Ky.;vGeorge W. Boner, Richmond, Ky.rE. R. Kendall, Winchester, Ky.rHarry J. King, Frankfort, Ky.; J.M. Dixon, Hazard, Ky.; James EWhite, Paris, Ky.; J. M. LazwelUMiddlesboro, Ky.; Miss Louise Wilson, in charge of branch office atDannville, Ky.; A. M. Seely, Williamsburg, Ky.mGETS SERVICE MEDALSince 1881 Dan Daley, of Paris,has been constantly on guard ascrossing watchman for the Louis-ville & Nashville, at the Tenth,street passenger station. Precedinghis appointment to that position,Mr. Daley had been a brakeman on,the road and lost a leg in a freightwreck at Maysville.Several days ago Mr. Daley received from the L. & N. Company, asolid gold service button, bearingnine gold stars, each representingfive years faithful and continuousservice, or a total of forty-five years.This was in accordance with the established policy of the Louisville &Nashville, as a slight token of appreciation of an employe's fidelity;and devotion to duty.The button now reposes on Mr.Daly's lapel, worn as proudly askniehts. of old wore their honors,hard won on the field of battle. Mr.Daly is prouder of his decoration,than a child of a new toy. jSt. Louis has a 33-year old grandmother. We don't expect any ofthe women to believe this.ivi;CAPITAL STOCK TAXNOW BEADYiH! t1'Ii..t;jx :. i-Jy&EiMMMMenNaMBeaKS9arBaaNaaBMaBBIMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL I- 4 tyrn0',i-. Xi j; . -aTO"S&PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON JEWS,?ARW .KENTUCgYv. -FRIDAY. JULY 14, I.BElMfe -u iJx eM&riJfrm9Mimm1THE BOURBON NEWSPifcWiifced 188141 Years of Continuous PublicationNtfiihcd Every Tuesday and Fridaytr Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.fpHUl CHAMP, Editor, and Owner.Jfetred at the Paris, Kentucky,..Foetoffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)..0U1 FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. c Jew York American Press Assomon. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson Co' Louisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perB.c?i for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per linejtAch issue; reading notices in blacktyp20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andaimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement ortfoer matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash. 'Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsf THE BOURBON NEWS will befffatily corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSJbkesmiths have to earn their salt,With this you'll all agree,Surely it is not their fault,There's no new jokes, you see.Up to date the advertisements inthe local papers of "two pants suitsssaless" are addressed to the Parismen only, because the knicker-bocker girls have not yet begun to'think in terms strict economy.We saw a gypsy caravan nearParis the other night, camping bythe roadside. And now we think-the fellow who sang of his "littlegypsy sweetheart" must have had apreverted sense of" sweethearts.'George Washington was first inpeace,"First in war, by jing,We'll bet you, though, he wasn'tfirstIn a straw hat every spring.Said a pretty Paris girl, recently:"Some Paris fellows come to thedances smelling like they had beenbottled in the perfume departmentof a ten cent store, while othersjsmell like they had' been in the bottling room of a distillery." Possible this could happen in Paris,KentuckyIf many of the New York city" newspapers know as little aboutNew York as they do about Kentucky, their readers are surely deserving of pity. It is amusing toTead some of their descriptions oflife in Kentucky. The native Kentuckians in New York certainlyought to protest these ridiculouscarcatures of our good old State, asprinted in some of the New, Yorknewspapers.. .Three Paris newspaper men andtwo insurance men sat in front ofa-certain Paris business house Sunday night for about an hour, andin. that time they counted thirtythree instances of president violation of the city ordinances regarding automobile and traffic regulations. They ranged all the wayfrom parking on the wrong side ofthe street to autos without lightsof any kind. What's an ordinanceas between autoists?Gan't understand why some ofthe highbrows are raising such ahullabaloo about John Hancock, oneof the signers of the Declaration ofIndependence, being labelled insome of the text books as a "smuggler." In these piping days of theEighteenth Amendment are not.' some of our very best people smugglers, rum-runners, and, whetherj they choose to admit it or not, receivers of stolen goods? True, theyengage in these practices, not forunholy profit, but only for unholygratification, but isn't that about alli the difference there is9 9 9 'There's a wise little chap in ourp little neighbor, Millersburg. This' little fellow, Eddie Reynolds, agrandson of Ed. Ingels, has been inthe habit of going to a certain refreshment stand in Millersburg eahnight, where several kiddies abouthi age meet, under the club nameof "The Stool Pigeons." This young: fellow was told he must become amember of the club, and that the initiation fee would be one dollar. Heteed to ffrandpa Ingels, with aXHiMt lor a dollar, txplaininr his- ms. MMjmM, sua; laa jokingn way, "Why, son, I've gotno dollar to give you." "Well,grandaddy," blurted the boy, "youdon't want me to be a squab, then,do you?" He is now a member ingood standing.Come into the garden, Maude,Our crop will bring us cash.Corn and beans we lately sowedAre growing succotash.This was the forest primevalThe whispering pines and hemlocksAre all stirred up by radioAnd anybody can listen in."Uncle John" Shell, aged 136,reputed to be the world's oldestman, up to the time of his death,was an inveterate user of tobacco.Now, the reformers can caluculatehow long he would have lived if hehad been an abstainer.The love of a boy for his dog isthe subject of comment always.But the acid test of man's or woman's love of a dog is made whenthe dog has flees that are just ashappy upon the master or mistressas they are upon the dog.Wilbur Glenn Voliva's predictionthat the world will come to an endby 1925 may be based on tbe ideathat by then labor will have gottenthe wages it deems fit and capitalreturn its demands, and thereafterlabor and capital will be in Heaven,and the unorganized class will remain where they've been since 1917.The press is not deliberately salacious, but sometimes the headlinerdoes go astray in the effort to putpep into his words. For example, awoman invalid forty years old escaped from her bed and many newspapers published the item under theheading: "Girl In Her Nightie Wanders From Home."Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, sailingtor home, says he will pay Americaanother visit next year. The American visit must have paid Sir Arthur, but at the moment he sailedthe American people were more interested in blackberry cobbler andthe forthcoming watermelon andcantaloupe crop than in the theorythatMt is possible to hold communion with the spirits of the departed.A Paris man who has recentlybeen to Atlantic City says there is agilded hotel there where you yap$2.50 for a honeydew melon withwhich to begin your breakfast. Aman with $17.50 should be able tosatisfy his hunger at that hotel,but what hope has he of satisfyinghimself that he will not be sent tothe psycopathic ward 'for observation before time for luncheon?A certain Paris newspaper manrecently was regaled with a mostsensational story from a rural friendand was seeking to get it verified.He asked: "Is this fellow who 'gaveyou the account of this happeningregarded as a truthful man?""Well," replied the farmer, "I ain'tsaying he ain't altogether truthful,but what happened to Ananias andSaphira ain't never affected himnone, as yet."o"BUSINESS REVIEW" REVIEWSBUSINESS OUTLOOKThe Monthly Business Review,published at Cleveland, under auspices of the Fourth Federal Reserve District, in the July number,gives the following from some of itscorrespondents regarding the business outlook, which will be interesting reading to our people: ""In general, the tone of repliesfrom our correspondents is not asassuring as it was thirty days ago.Several disturbing under-currentsare appearing. In certain linesbusiness is developing a pace thatwill be exceedingly difficult to maintain. There is a feeling growingamong our correspondents that, unless the present momentum in certain lines is checked, business willwith difficulty return to a sound ahdsubstantial basis. It seems hardlypossible that we will be unmindfulof the economic lesson so recentlylearned."One correspondent believes, 'It ispossible that business has resumedtoo quickly to squeeze out the uneconomical methods of doing business and, while we are all anxious,of course, to see business come backas quickly as possible, there may besuch a thing that it is coming- backon a more unsound basis thenwould be advisable.'"From Kentucky comes this report: "I must say that I regret tosee a tendency toward advance inthe price of the necessities of life.A broker who handles a very largeamount of merchandise told me onlvrecently that his sales had been enormous in anticipation of a rise inthe price of sugar, meats, cannedvegetables, and fruits. Perhapsthese advances will halt business tosome extent, at least.'"As yet, there is nothing alarming in the situation, but there arecertain tendencies which will bearcareful watching. First, there is atendency in certain industries forincreased cost of production to parallel increased production."o-Mexico, is planning the construction of ,000 kilometer or iie?! ? improved roads for w,.i44 autgjipbiiej; ali'mbt irucka, "HEBE'S LATEST AND MOST POP?ULAR DISHFamous among the epicuriandishes of the southwest is SlangJang, which was perfected by Mrs.J. R. Ransone, Jr., Claiborne, Tex.It is neither liquid, salad or chopsuey, but a combination, with adash of Mexican piquancy and sufficient relish to satisfy a healthy appetite. Slang Jang has been servedby Mrs. Ransone, as hostess, at herhome and on gala occasions throughout Texas, to thousands of visitorsfrom far parts of the world, whowere in Texas either on newspaperbusiness, or as guests of Texasnewspaper men Mrs. Ransone foryears, while her husband was busywith politics and business, conducted his newspaper, Ihe CleburneEnterprise. As its active head sheentertained both in Cleburne and atfrequent conventions, for years. Thequalities of Slang Jang and its recipe are thus described by Mrs.Ransone:"It is a most appetizing liauid'eat,' suiting all tastes. Those whosample it always call for 'more.'"The beauty of Slang Jang isthat though it was originally accompanied by the fluid that madeMilwaukee famous, it is just as goodwith coffee in the winter, or colddrinks in summer."It is a square meal, which willput so much pep into a person thathe will feel he has supped from thefountain of youth; for what one ingredient fails to give, another frequently furnishes."It is a boon to the housewife,who sees a motor full of guests approaching, and knows the springpullets are too young for the skillet; or for Sunday night supperwhen there is no maid; or on a hotsummer day when a bunch of fellows drop in on a bachelor friend.It requires no cooking whatever.The youngest child in the familycan sling it together, but it takes abit of practice to season it to anicety."Here are the requirements: Apolished or a deal table centerpiecefor large cutglass bowl, napkins,spoons, a block of ice in the bowl.On the serving table, mix two cansof rosy tomatoes cut in pieces, twocans of cove oysters, chopped up; adash of pepper sauce, a dozencrumbled crackers, small finelychopped onion, a dessert spoon ofvinegar, thinly cut bits .of schoolgirl pickle, sprinkled with tobasco,stir lightly; pour over ice and servein three minutes. Serve in soupbowls with crisp crackers'Of Interst to Paris ReadersFor months Paris citizens haveseen in these columns enthusiasticpraise of Doan's Kidney Pills, byParis residents. Would they con-nrm meir statements atter yearshad elapsed if personal experiencehad not shown the remedy to beworthy of endorsement? The following statement should carry conviction to the mind of every Parisreader.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with good results. Ihad a dull aching across the smallof my back and my kidneys actedirregularly. The use of Doan's Kidney Pills rid me of these complaintsand I have faith enough in themtnat should I ever need a kidneyremedy again. I would certainly useDoan's Kidney Pills."Mrs. Mastin gave the above- statemeat iNovemDer y, iyt, and onNovember 13, 1920, she added: "Istill have the same good opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills as when I endorsed them before. I use them occasionally wnen I require a kidneytonic and they never fail to do megood."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimv ask for a kidney remedygetrffoan's Kidney Pills the samethaWMrs. Mastin had. Foster-Mil-burnT Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.CITIZENS' MILITARY TRAININGCAMP ASSUREDFunds for holding the citizens'military training camp at CampKnox August 1 to September 1, havebeen assured by the army appropriation act just passed by Congress,$1,800,000 having been provided forthese camps throughout the UnitedStates, according to advice receivedfrom Major General George W. Read,corps area commander.Of this amount $166,500 will beallotted Camp Knox, $336,905 beingreserved at fifth corps area headquarters for preparation of the 1943camps after the present summertraining for this year is over andfor contingencies. It is stated inact that none of the money appropriated shall be utilized for thetraining of any person over 27 yearsof. age, except those who have received training within the fiscalyear 1922 and except veterans ofthe world war who may be acceptedif not over 35 years of age.Centoience Not Emphatic EnmiJtMDe voice of conscience sin' loudliowfk.focboet-meo, MldTJadfCORROBORATIONTHIS REFOEMER NEEDED"HOUSE CLEANING"State troopers raided the home ofa reformer in Lincoln Park, at Detroit, Mich. The troopers found,they say, 15 gallons of home-madedandelion wine in the cellar. IraGriffin admitted he had made thewine, it is alleged. He stood mutewhen arraigned. Griffin is an earnest member of the Lincoln ParkBetterment Association, which hadururged a cleanup of illicit "hootch"makers.ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEATWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abla stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.FOR SALECelery Plants and Cabbage Plantsfor sale. All varieties.MRS. WM. SAUER,(ll-2t) 249 Mt. Airy Ave.FOUNDA bunch of keys on streetsParis. Owner can have samepaying advertising charges.ofbyExtension of CharterOFTHE FIRST NATIONALBANK OF PARISParis, KentuckyTreasury Department,OflSce of Comptroller of The Currency, Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasbeen made to appear that "THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK OFPARIS" in the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act of Congress,"to enable National Banking Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved July 12, 1882.Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissinger, Comptroller of the Currency, dohereby certify that "THE FIRSTNATIONAL BANK OF PARIS" inthe City of Paris, in the County ofBourbon and State of Kentucky, isauthorized to have succession for theperiod specified in its amendedarticles of. association: namely, until close of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of ofiice this firstday of June, 1922.(Seal)(Signed)D. R. CRISSINGER,Comptroller of The Currency.Charter No. 6323.-Extension No. 4304.(July 7-1 mo)PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and KitchenFurnitureiThe undersigned administratrixwill offer for sale to the highestbidder a lot of household and officefurnishings belonging to the estateof the late Dr. J. W. Mebane.Sale will be concluded at his lateresidence at 820 Main street. Paris,Ky., onSaturday, July 15, 1922,at 2 o'clock p. m.Some articles in the list are:.3 Gas Heating Stoves;1 Double Heater, soft coal;'1 Iron Bed;1 Steel Springs;"1 Cotton Mattress;1 Marble Top Walnut Dresser f1 Marble Top Walnut Washstand;3 Center Tables;2 Kitchen Tables;1 Bethooven Organ;"1 Folding Bed, Oak;12 Chairs;3 Bookcases;"2 Parlor Rockers;"1 Gasoline Cook Stove;1 Coal Oil Heater;Js- '..-tf.tf'liMi -1 Roll Top Desk; ' " '"Numerous small articles.Terms made known on day of sale.MRS. C. D. C. MEBANE,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer,(july 7-11-14)CAHAL BROSBARBERSHOP4-WffiTB iinni' IMtrm IftJiaettt4S"SEAT COVERSFor all makes of cars. Protectyour clothings and upholstery. Writefor prices, giving make, year andmodel of car.W. C. TRESSLER,Regent Ave., Norwood, Ohio.(ll-2t).WANTEDy" Three salesmen or salesladies.Steady work. CallC. W.MINARD,ID 18 Main, 6 to 8, p. m.(11 2t)FOR RENTFive large rooms aad bath corncomplete, lower flat, garage, locatedat 1455 South High street. Will bevacant July 10. If interested, writeMartin & Mitchell, at 108 Walnutstreet, room 4 Lexington, Ky.(4-tf)Notice to Creditors !Al persons having claims againstthe estate of Geo. R. Bell are requested to present same to the undersigned for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of George R.Bell or the firm of Ford & Co., ofwhich he was a- member, are urgedto call and settle promptly with theundersigned.DUNCAN BELL,Executor Geo. R. Bell Estate.(7-3t)Administrator's NoticeAl persons having claims againstthe estate of Julia Sanders, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidJulia Sanders, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedAdministrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. GARRETT SANDERS,Administrator of Julia Sanders, Deceased. (julyll-3wks)z?Capital $150,000.00Surplus and Profits 122,500.00Stockholders Liabilities 15t.000.00Protection to Depositors ,. 422,500.00Established 1SS1Peoples Deposit BankC& Trust Co.SParis,WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSS. . BEDFORD, PresidentGEO. W. WILDER, Vlce-Pree.ROBT. METEER. Vlce.Pree.frm&tHJ XrjLJSOZBLSJKh CABFARMERSOF BOURBON COUNTYHave You Figured on How Much You Can Savewith a F0RDS0N TRACTOR in Plowing andPreparing Your Ground, Filling Your Silos,Harvesting Your Crop and Numerous OtherThings?Just stop and figure the difference in cost in the oldway and with the use of a Fordson. Do not wait untilyou are ready to begin work and then have to wait foryour tractor. Place your order now while we can giveyou immediate delivery.$125.00 Places a Tractor in your FieldRblGGLESMOTORI II . - lINTERURBAN TDKTABLEParis toLexingtonLexingiom'To Paria7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. n8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. a.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. 9:00 a. n.11:05 a. m. J 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. . 11:00 a. xa.1:05 p. m. , 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. " 1:00 p. m3:05 a. m. j ., 2:00 p. m4:05 p. in. 3:00 p.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. a.6:05 p. m. , 5:00 p. a7:05 p. m. 6:Q f.8:15 p. m. 7:el p.10:05 p. m. 9:io p. m.11:55 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54.Commutation 52 trip monthly book.$12.00. Tlcketa, single trip, or laqmantitlei, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TEACTIONHKAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TEJUPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916j&CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00mOFFICERSFrank P. Kiaer, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. "Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Asa't CaaklerDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .aJUNE 30, 1921JJfcKentuckyC. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pret. -CashierGEO. L. DOYLE,Assisean CashierftHtr,iiAJCOMPANYVFARMERS I TRADERS. BANK1it-JJteLSflKJBff AB SOU MOiJvffei- , t.W'vsmS0 Jfr TKr". .-.FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTOCKTPAGXTnnJ32&. ""iSsJiit3-fMV-iIBLUEGRASS SEED GROWERSFORM ASSOCIATIONWAS A BROKENDO WNJOM ANThen I BeganTaking LydiaE.Pinkham's MedicinesDonaldsonville. T.a. t tm.: .:uMeasure to praise your medicinft-.T,vHiari. rinKnam's vege-uioie ixmpoundwhich has done somuch to restore myhealth. I was abroken-down womanuntil my husbandbrought me a bottleof your VegetableCompound and one ofLydia E. Pinkham'sBlood Medicine. Ihad been havingDains everv monthand at intervals between, was weak andseemed to be smothering at times, butin a week I felt like another woman. Ialso used Lydia E. Pinkham's SanativeWash. It did mea lot of good too. Icannot praise your medicines too muchand will be more than triad n M.nm.mend them to any woman who is suffer- ject of the meeting and the delei rr".e. F?UDies. . lou may r ffates present proceded to effect aii . rnf uurimnnin a. u ivir m ja """"" 11. is true.i5s T-- Landry, 612 Miss. St., Donaldsonville, La.JI IrS La?drv's words-"as it isE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound isgenuine. It is a statement tefiing thements of these medicines just as thewomen m your own neighborhood telleach other about them. For fifty yearsLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has sold on merit.With about forty prominent bluegrass seed growers representingeleven counties of Central "Kentucky,the Kentucky Bluegrass Seed Growers' Co-operative Marketing Association was formally launched at ameeting held at the court house inLexington, "Wednesday.The purpose of the organizationis to pool the bluegrass seed cropof 1922, and an active campaignwith this end in view is alreadyunder way.The counties producing bluegrassseed represented in the new association are Fayette, Clark, Bourbon,Scott, "Woodford, Franklin, Jessamine, Madison, Montgomery, Bathand Harrison.The organization meeting wascalled to order shortly before 10o'clock, and on motion of Robert E.Beatty, of Fayette, Attorney DwightL. Pendleton, of Clark county, waschosen temporary chairman andJulian" Rogers, of Bourbon county,temporary secretary.Chairman Pendleton stated the oby TELEPHONE ACCURACYpr From the simplest test of memory to the most elaborate specifications, whenever an order is given, itis the custom of most people to putit in writing. This is to accure accuracy. Most people are afraid totrust the ability of the one receiving the order to get it correctly unless the order is written.This is a tribute to the skill andtraining of employes of the telephone systems of the nation. Lastyear more than eleven billion conversations were held over the lines"of the Bell system alone. Each ofthese billions of conversations required the giving of an order to atelephone employe. Yet not one ofthese orders could be put in writing. Some were given in loud voices,some spoken in murmurs, some. clearly stated, some mumbled. Yetso remarkable is the standard of accuracy among telephone employesthat more than 99 per cent, of allthese orders were correctly receivedand executed.fcS or Automobile tourists in Australiamust deposit the sum of 10,000,000crowns before their cars are permitted to enter the country.872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,VEGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONEpermanent organization by electingthe following board of directors:Fayette and Jessamine--John D.Marshall and Robert E. Beatty.Clark and Madison Telson P.Gay, Eli Dooley and Thomas W.Brock.Montgomery and Bath Col. Gatewood and Clark B. Patterson."Woodford, Franklin and Scott R.H. Gay and Sam Mason.Bourbon and Harrison JohnWinn, of Woodford; Rodes Estill,of Fayette, and Edward Prewitt, ofMontgomery.The directors for the BourbonHarrison group were chosen fromother counties on the reommendation of the Bourbon county growerspresent, with the distinct understanding that they are to resignwhen Bourbon county makes itsfinal report to-morrow, recommending its prermanent selections asmembers of the directorate.In most of the counties represented in the oiew association themovement to pool the bluegrass seedcrop has already been signed up,j according to reports made at theI meeting. In Bourbon county an active pooling campaign will belaunched at once and delegates fromthat county are optimistic that alarge part of the crop there, whichis perhaps larger than that of anycounty in the district, will be pooled in the next few days.Following the organization meeting, the new board of directors metand elected John B. Winn, ofWoodford, temporary chairman;Clark B. Patterson, Montgomery,temporary secretary, and adopted aresolution providing that the treasurer shall be taken from Bourboncounty. A meeting of the board ofdirectors was also called for Saturday afterooon at 4:30 o'clock, atthe Chamber of Commerce rooms inWinchester, at which time the finalreport will be received from Bourbon county on the directors to bechosen from that county and executive officers of the new associationelected, including president, secretary, treasurer and permanent executive committee.Bourbon county was representedat the meeting by George W. Stuart,Julian Rogers, L. A. Soper, WalterMeng. Calvert Meng, D. E. Clarkand Wm. Taylor.Sheep In Wolves' Clothing.In the early nineties a part of Idahowas terrorized by a band of six stagerobbers, who, when rounded up at Salmon City, on April 4, 1892, were foundto be all women, dressed In men'sclothes.Paris Green!We Have the Best Brand and OurPrice Is35c PoundPiris Qreen Blowers- , ., 64 QCSecond Crop Seed Potatoes o aaper bushel JiJ.UUHoney in one ponnd sections Qflnper pound - . JUGUg100-Ib. bag ..v....h 5.. 57.25Meal OCpper peck - LOhCooking Apples v .. j - Clipper peck uUbPERSONALSMaster E. L. Davis, of SilverCreek, is visiting relatives at Kisetrton. Miss Glady Elizabeth Kiser isvisiting friends and relatives nearFort Thomas.Miss Elmeta Hinton has returned from a visit to Miss Louie Bruer,in Winchester.Mrs. John Tarr has returnedfrom Florida and has taken roomsat Mrs. Russell 'Mann's for the summer. Miss Daisy McDuffee, of Cincinnati, is visiting her cousin, MissAllene Thomas, at her home inRosedale.W. C. Gentry, of the Hotel"Windsor, is at West Baden Springs,West Baden, Indiana, for the benefitof his health.Misses Elizabeth and FrancesHartford, of Shelbyville, are guestsof Miss Louise Bedford, at her homeon Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Williamsleft Wednesday for an extended visitto Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Stoll, atOfahoma, Mississippi.Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Raney andchildren, of Cold Springs, Ky., havereturned home after a pleasant visitwith Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Kiser.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Bivens andfamily have returned to their homenear Paris after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Roger Bivens, in Winchester.Mrs. Nelson Dare, of Michigan,formerly Miss Elizabeth Hedges, isvisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Walter Hedges, on Pleasant street.D. Y. L. Farley, of the PowerGrocery Company, has returned froman extended trip through the Eastand around the Great Lakes toChicago.John W. Bell has returned froma business' trip through North andSouth Carolina in the interest ofthe Co-operative Tobacco MarketingAssociation.Mrs. Henry T. Burgin has returned to her home in Washington,D. C, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Harry Kerslake, at their home onSecond street.Mrs. Robert J. Neely, Mrs. Harry B. Clay and Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine have joined the Kentucky colony at Lake Chautauqua, New York,for. an extended stay.Henry McGinley and daughter,Miss Alice McGinley, formerly ofParis, now residing on Price Hill,Cincinnati, were recent guests ofMr. and Mrs. John McGinley, in thiscity.Dr. and Mrs. C. G. Daughertyentertained at dinner on Wednesdayevening in honor of Dr. and Mrs. J.A. Orr. The other guests for theevening were the Misses Orr andHolladay.Mrs. J. J. Rice and daughter,Suedell, have arrived from Jonesboro, Ark., for a visit to Dr. J. T.Brown. They will remain here until September, , when ' Rev. Rice willbecome pastor of the Danville Presbyterian church.Mr. Swift Champ, editor ofTHE NEWS, and Mr. Harry Linville, are sojourning at MiwogcoMineral Springs, near Milan, Indiana. Other Paris people are contemplating a stay at this famous resortin the near future.Winchester Sun: "Mrs. A. C.McEwan entertained at her home onTaylor avenue with a dinner Sunday for her cousin, Mr. Ed. Richardson, of Paris. Covers were laid forten guests .... Miss Thelma Hicks,of Dayton, Ohio, and Miss VirginiaCahal, of Paris, are guests of MissMildred Sewell."Mrs. Harry Kerslake, Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill and Miss ElizabethGaitskill, of Paris, attended thebridge party given in Winchester by IMrs. Webb Bratton and Mrs. Elizabeth Hodgkin, in compliment to Mrs.Henry T. Burgin, of Washington, D.C, and Mrs. Jack Andrews, ofSweetwater, Tenn.(Other Personals on Page 5)oEDITOR FISHER DOESN'T LIKEJflUTUJBE PROGRAM AT ALAMO CAND GRANDTo-day Friday, July 14 DoubleFeature Day Norma Talmadge, in"A Daughter of Two Worlds;" Vivian Martin, in "Pardon My French."To-morrow, Saturday, July 15Katherine McDonald, in "StrangerThan Fiction;" Pathe Weekly; FoxComedy, "Happy Pest."Monday, July 17 Claire Adamsan'd Carl Gantvoort, in "When Romance Rides;" Pathe Review; Century Comedy, "No Brains."FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXES' - -AN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOIvIvADAYSAXOPHONES' Editor Warren Fisher, of theCarlisle Mercury, evidently doesn'tlike saxophones, as witness the following from the last issue:"Read somewhere the other daywhere a man, rich enough to satisfyexpensive desires, bought saxaphones and smashed them. On firstthought one mignt oe disposea todoubt this rich man's sanity, butnot after one has lived in hollowing distance of one of these instruments, from which '"the amateurperformer gtr 8.. SHRDU TJLUtio of groans, grunts, bellows andmoans to make night hideous. Asa 'sexaphone' (we speak advisedly)insinuating its seduction syncopations into measures of the 'toddle'and the 'camel walk,' it is not sobad, in the hands of a skilled performer, but when this dying calfdescendant of the Tubal Cain findsits way to the lips of a recklessamateur we'll tell the world thatrich man has a laudable hobby."PARISBAKING CORHEUKATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case bynature'itreat Remedy, Radio-ActiTe Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at emrEamitarium.UoeVerateJUtea. Write for literaFARVITHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PA IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.Kentucky Joint StockLandBankSecurity Trust Bldg. Lexington, Ky.Statement Concerning the StrikeSituation at Corbin, Ky,LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROAD COMPANY.Office of the President.X?Vk.STTrr- ft V3 ft " fTo the Public:Louisville, Ky., July 11, 1922.i-:Out of the railroad strike at Corhin, Ky., has arisen, an intolerable situation,which -we have labored for a week to relieve, but without material success. Nowthat "we are forced to take more definite action, I am impelled by a sense of per-,sonal duty, as well as responsibility, to acquaint the public with the conditions atthat point. This is done both because I know the people of Kentucky are interested in the maintenance of law and order and also of railway service, and because I am hopeful that publicity will aid in averting what is feared might other-viioc uc a, bui.xju.o ju.i.v.jiiic w An. U.AZU . 1 .t-. iiiJSL-iijfcjCorbin is one of the pivotal transportation points on the Louisville & Nashville system, being the terminus and junction point of four of its important operating divisions, including those serving the great coal fields of Southeastern Kentucky and Eastern Tennessee. In its shops, round-houses and yards (the lattercontaining fifty-one miles of tracks) a vast number of locomotives and cars used onthat part of the system are constantly inspected, repaired and otherwise kept infit condition for safe and efficient use. So extensive and important is this workthat it required 686 men to perform it. All but three of these on July ls,t went onstrike and a most unreasonable strike it is, since the recent reductions of a fewcents per hour were made by the lawfully constituted governmental authorities,and still left the men receiving from 40 to 129 per cent, in excess of their wagesin December, 1917, when the government took over the railroads.Ey the almost superhuman efforts of a few officials and laborers the movementof some freight trains, in addition to 'the regular passenger service, has thus farbeen continued; but owing to the strike there are standing to-day in the yards atCorbin and on lines tributary thereto approximately 50 dead engines and 3,600loaded cars, 90 per cent, of which is coal that cannot move, though many industries wholly dependent upon this coal are, for the lack of it, about to shut down.Corbin is distinctly a railroad town, with a population composed almost en.tirely of railroad men and their families and those who depend upon their patronage. Naturally, therefore, the strikers have the sympathy of all, including cityofficials. Practically all business houses refuse even to sell supplies to the company, and carry placards, denouncing any who may accept its employment. Thastrikers and their friends openly declare that they will not permit others to accept employment with the company at this place. If these threats have the intimidating effect intended, or if, when put b the test, they are successfully carried out, there will result almost a complete paralysis of railway service in thatsection of the State a disaster and a disgrace alike to the State and to this company, which, of course, must not, and will not, be tolerated.The, situation at Corbin is comparatively quiet, but the price of this outward!calm is the stifling of that railway service which it is this company's duty to the?public to render. Accordingly, finding that local protection will be wholly inadequate, even the appointment of additional deputy sheriffs having been refused, weare engaged in constructing and equipping a tent camp at Corbin, and willshortly send there several hundred men, comprising the new shop employes and aforce of guards to protect them and the company's property. In this action I amsure that we have the support .of all those who believe in the supremacy of thelaw over force; but I thought you were entitled to know these facts and to begiven the opportunity to utilize the weight of your concerted opinion in the in-sterest of right and of law and order.I sincerely trust that there will be no disorder, much less bloodshed. Ourmen are-strictly charged not to violate the law. If others commit crimes, I warn"them that no stone will be left unturned' to bring them to justice.I need hardly add that the procedure above outlined is not due to ill-will t(Hward our former employes. On the contrary, realizing that they have been misled and that many have struck against their wishes under a moral pressure which,could hardly be resisted, our feeling is one of regret and genuine concern: fortheir future welfare; and we have delayed action this long in the hope that theywould see the futility of a strike which, because of its illegality and injustice, is-condemned by the whole nation.Respectfully, ! ' Y&$MW. L. MAPOTHER, ';(f.-',' 'T President. 3g-ri,V-v rI-r5 t-1sL -OANS: il"?"I. L. GLASS, Managerture. --s -. MIWOGCO MINfiULsSPRINCM,'-Uawi$L1 J.m.JLVT-i 'HVit ;V 1 Jo K-Mj ' il h .fJt 5' -. MLrM -'VI VTS, JSV, vl&$. J--' '- &-f :- ?. w? wLiww)-THE. BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY"l"'lFRIDAY, JULY 14, 192XFAGE FOURDEATHSlift Is But A Brief Span, A Debtv4t That All Must PayGAPER' Mrs. John Gaper, widow of3onn Gaper, formerly of Paris, diedTecently in a Chicago hospital, following1 an operation.Mrs. Gaper had been conductingTier husband's business since hisdeath. She disposed of the business-a few days before she went tothe hospital.Mr. Gaper was a son of the lateJohn Gaper, Sr., former Paris shoemerchant, and a brother of Mrs.Wm. Sauer, of Paris, and Mrs. Geo.Xi. Rankin, of Shawhan.SHANNONTimothy Shannon, aged seventy, a former resident of Paris, diedMonday at his home on WalnutHills, Cincinnati, after a brief ill"ness due to a complication of diseases. Mr. Shannon was engaged infarming near Paris for severalyears, and at one time owned considerable real estate in Paris. Hemoved to Covington several yearsago, where he resided for sometime, later moving to Cincinnati.He is survived by his widow, Mrs.3Iary Crowe Shannon, and severalchildren.The funeral was held "Wednesdaymorning at 8:30 o'clock in theChurch of the Assumption, in Cincinnati. The burial followed onthe, family lot in the Catholic Cemetery.STAMLERHarry Stamler, aged sixtythree, one of the best-known railToad men in this section of the State,died at his home on Fifteenthstreet, in this city, at two o'clockWednesday morning, following acerebral hemorrhage, suffered a fewweeks ago.Mr. Stamler was one of the mostTespe'cted and prominent citizens ofParis, and for the past forty yearslias held the responsible position ofSupervisor of Bridges and Buildingson the Louisville & Nashville railToad, with headquarters in Paris.Due to ill-health he was compelledto retire about three years ago.Only a few days ago he was awarded a service medal by the L. & N.,covering a period of between thirty-fiveand forty years' faithful serTjce in the employ of the Company.He was a man of culture and refinement, very popular with railroadofficials and employes.Mr. Stamler was a native of Walton Ky., and was a son of the lateGeorge and Martha Stamler. He issurvived by his widow and one son,Raymond Stamler. of Paris; four"brothers. George S. Stamler, William Stamler and John Stamler, ofWalton, and E. M. Stamler, prominent architect, of Lexington, whowas for many years in business inParis.Funeral services were held at thefamily home on Fifteenth street inthis city, at six o'clock yesterdaymorning, with services conducted byRev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church. The pallbearers were George Wilder, L. A.Soper, John A. Bower, S. E. McClanahan, William Clark and Ossian Ed"wards. The body was taken toBagdad, Ky., leaving Paris at seveno'clock, and arriving at ten o'clock.Services were held at the grave inthe Bagdad Cemetery. The pallhearers were brothers and brothers-in-lawof Mrs. Stamler.KATHERINE McDONALD, IN"STRANGER THAN FICTION"In her latest picture, "StrangerThan Fiction," which will e seenat the Alamo and Grand to-morrowafternoon and evening, KatherineMacDonald has an entirely new sortof a part. Rich girl, of course; butonly at first; for this original storyby Messrs. Charles Richman and A.S. LeVino calls upon her to masquerade, for almost three reels, as agirl of the slums. Pretty Katherineeven has to let the leader of theBlack Heart gang, a band of notorious crooks, fall in love with her.Miss MacDonald. since her firststarring vehicle with AssociatedFirst National Pictures, has beencast in society girl roles. Somehowher exquisite beauty has consistentlyled her directors to place her inparts of luxury, where it would become incumbent upon her to wearthe prettiest sort of clothes, and actas formally as most society girls inregulated homes would be expectedto. But now Miss MacDonald hasfound something different.There is also another big surprisefor local movie fans in "StrangerThan Fiction." The Katherine MacDonald Corporation secured fromMarshall Neilan the services ofWesley Barry for this one production, and the freckeled "funomenon"plays a most pleasing part.oGOOD RACING CARD AT MT.STERLINGOne of the best racing programsever staged by the MontgomeryCounty Fair Association is in prospect for the fair, which opens atMt. Sterling, July 19, and continuesthrough July 22. A number ofhorses already are training at thelocal half-mile course, and a recordnumber is expected to arrive duringthe coming week.The Mt. Sterling Derby is thefeature race of the meeting, andwill be run over a course of a mileand a sixteenth. It will have apurse of $400.There will be three runningraces each day and two trotting andpacing events, making nine racesdaily. The running races have purses of $200 and the harness eventsare worth $300: Money is to bedivided 50, 25, 15 and 10 per cent.oDANVILLE PAPER EULOGIZESREV. J. J. RICEBUSSIAN STAMP PROVES EXPENSIVE COMMODITYBuying a postage stamp in Russiais a serious investment, accordingto the latest postoffice bulletin. Aletter of ordinary weight requiresa stamp worth 200,000 rubies; apostcard, 120,000 rubles; printedmatter, 40,000 rubles, and a registered latter, 200,000 rubles. Czarist stamps bearing the picture ofNicholas II continue in use. Stampsworth 1 to 11 kopeks must have theface value multiplied a milliontimes; those from 1 to 10 rubles, amere 10,000 times.(Danville Advocate)Information was received herefrom Dr. J. J. Rice, of Arkansas,which stated that he would acceptthe call to the pastorate of the FirstPresbyterian church, in this city.Dr. Rice is known through CentralKentucky as an eminent divine andhis coming to Danivlle will be hailed with gladness. He formerlyheld pastorates at Harrodsburg,Nicholasville and Paris, but for thepast few years he has been preaching in the State of Arkansas. Dr.Rice is a direct descendant of thatnoted Presbyterian Divine, Dr. David Rice, whose monument adornsbeautiful McDowell Park, this city.This is the first time in a generationthe above church has changed itspastorate. The much-beldved Rev.E. M. Green has held that pastorate for many years, and he quit itwith the love and esteem of everymember of the congregation backof him. Dr. Green is beloved by everyone in Danville, regardless ofdenomination, and is every inch ofa' man and his work of long yearshas been most splendid and hiswonderful influence will live foryears to come. Dr. Rice, we bid youa hearty welcome to Danivlle."oNEW HOUSE FOR SALELOUSISVILLE WANTS F. & ' C.SCHEDULE RESTOREDin(Louisville Courier-Journal)Louisville's business interestsScott, Bourbon and Franklin counties already have been affected bythe new schedule of the Frankfort& Cincinnati Railway betweenFrankfort and Paris, according toletters received at the LouisvilleBoard of Trade.A. F. Vandegrift, manager of' thetraffic department of the board,mailed inquiries to P. F. Manning,general manager of the road, to discover whether conditions warrantedth schedule change which cuts Louisville off from railroad connectionto that territory after 10 o'clockeach morning.The closeness of the Cincinnatimarket now to this section since thechange has been made is pointed outin several of the letters received,while one writer declared that hecould gain two days in businesstime now by trading with 'Cincinnati. The Board of Trade realizes thatthis section is a competitive marketbetween Cincinnati and Louisville,traffic men said, and efforts will bemade to remove the disadvantage.oPARIS PEOPLE INVESTORS INTREASURY CERTIFICATESRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles For Present andFntnreRighteousness." The Sunday schoolwill meet at 9:30 a. m., and the Epworth League at 6:45 p. m. We extend a- hearty invitation to everyone to worship in this church.J. 'JL White, a well-known Kenitucky farmer, said he could beat hihands shucking corn after takingTanlac. Tanlac is sold by all gooddruggists. " (adT)j5"There is a steady and constantgrowth in the number of Paris people who are becoming regular investors in Treasury Savings Certificates," declared Postmaster Payneto-day in announcing the June salesof $5,925.Postmaster Payne stated thatTreasury Savings Certificates, ifheld for five years, are redeemedfor 25 more than the purchaseprice, and are subject to no Stateor local taxes. They are issued indenominations of $1,000, $100 and$25, and being in registerable formare absolutely "loss-proof." In caseof necessity they can be redeemedany time prior to maturity."Any individual, corporation orfraternal organization having up to$4,000 to invest should not fail tosecure from me detailed informationin connection with these certificates," the postmaster declared.JUNCTION CITY BANKREVIVEDTO BE, Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church, will begin aseries of evangelistic meetings inthe Carlisle Baptist church, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Evans McKinley, ofTennessee, will have charge of themusic. Rev. Fox will conduct theunion services to be held in theChautauqua tent at Carlisle.A revival meeting will beginat the Christian church, in Clintonville, beginning Sunday, July 30.Rev. Earl Eastwood, of Lexington,will deliver the sermons, and willbe assisted by the pastor, Rev. R.H. Ellet. The song service will bea distinctive feature of the meeting. At the Methodist church nextSunday the Presiding Elder, Rev. F.B. Jones, will preach at 10:45 a.m., and will administer the sacrament of the Lord's Supper at theclose of the sermon. The servicesat 7:30 p. m. will be in charge ofthe pastor, Rev. C. H. Greer, whowill preach on "The Rewards ofTHE HOME OF LOW PRICESMYMOTR .Successors to Big 4 Motor Co.CORNER EIGHTH AND HIGH STS.Respectfully Solicits YourPatronageSQUARE, SINCERE SERVICEThe Junction City correspondenceof The Danville Messenger says:"About twenty of our representative business mcD and citizens ofthis community met at the bankThursday afternoon, and started acampaign to make up $15,000 worthof stock to begin a new bank at thisplace, to replace the old State Bank,(the First State Bank) which ranfor exactly twenty-one years withonly two cashiers, Mr. Ransdall and JMr. Louis Kriener. Hopes are en-itertained that a new bank will bestarted here soon, as we certainlyneed one, as it is very inconvenientto do business in Danville till weget a five-cent trolly or jitney busline to and from there."LTHEPiSI LENT SERVANT WITH A HUNDRED HANDSNo. 7SERIESNEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnoSTATE HEALTH BOARD ISSUESRABIES WARNINGNO SENSE OF HUMORMexicans capturing Americanswas the last step to normalcy.oHAWAIIAN WOMEN SMOKE MILLIONS OF CIGARETTES IHonolulu women consume 365,000 packages yearly, it is estimatedby tobacco dealers of the city, who!place an approximation of 7,000,-'000 on the actual number of "pills"smoked by the gentler sex duringthe year.These figures are said by the retail tobacco merchants to representa heavy increase in cigarette smoking on the part of Honolulu womenduring the past year, although definite figures on previous years are 'not available. ' IThe smoking habit among womenin the islands is said by those who 'are in a position to make direct ob-1servations to be general among all 'classes and ages, although it is mostprevalent among the younger wo-'men, particularly those who have !no families and no definite occupation.aiiy'JIBlfliiIMHEBR3!f!' of aTwo Million Recommendthe HoosierHOOSIERS are classed "better'- by more American Housewives thanany other cabinet. They are rendering labor-saving service to agreater number of women than any other nearly two million.These facts should guide you. The efficiency of this multitude of kitchensshould be duplicated in your home. The cabinet this army of womenhave selected should be your choice.Come see a Hoosier demonstration. Test it for yourself. Sit beforeit as you would at home. Then decide. You'll find the prices truly moderate and the terms so convenient you can't afford to delay. SPECIALSALES.A. F. WHEELER & CO.CHAS. GREENE, ManagerPrevalence of rabies in all partsof Kentucky has led the State Boardof Health to issue a new warningthat all persons bitten by dogs,promptly should take measures to Jprotect memseives. Twenty persons in localities scattered all overI the State have applied to the BoardOrton Tewson tells this story onCourtney Ryley Cooper, the welllmown writer of circus stories.r "Coop," as he is known to hisfriends, had engaged a London busdriver to show him the sights 'of-tke town. A rival cabman approached from the opposite direction. "Watch us 'ave a bit o' fun, Sir,"Cooper's guide whispered. Then he'fished up a piece of twine with a-moose at the end, apparently prepared in advance for the occasion,and began dangling it before the. iyes of the approaching cabby. Instantly" the air sizzled with an exchange of oaths and whip lashingsbetween the two drivers.t "What in the deuce 'was it allabout," Cooper asked when the second cab had passed by."Oh, he an't got no sense of huor," replied the driver, disgustedly. m "Why did you dale that string"Wii, yr Mt, Sir, it's like thisfor treatment for the disease in thelast thirty days.The first step to be taken, according to Dr. Lillian South, director ofthe Board's laboratories, is to confine the dog that has done the biting. She emphasizes the fact thatit is not necessary immediately tokill the animal. If he lives ninedays it is certain that he has notrabies, and no further steps need betaken.If he dies before the expirationof this period of confinement, however, his head should be sent to thelaboratory of the State Board forexamination. There it will be determined whether or not he wasafflicted with rabies. In case theformer is true, the person bittens'hould take the '"serum treatmentfor the disease, as when it developsin a, human being it invariably isfatal.This serum treatment can be obtained free of charge at the StateBoard's laboratories; or it may beobtained by persons out in the Stateunable to come to Louisville,tfcvMch tkafe Oontyt .HttAftotrv1 " "ZIZZ 1numifliMVflTPTiirircBBBH iil iiiil BiiiH BBBBBBV BBBBBBBBf BBBBB BBBBM BBBH BBLB BBBBBBf BBBBI BBBBH BBBbB BBBBBBBH BBBBBLV BBBBH BBBBBB BBBBI BBBBBBB BBBBBB BBBBBBBHParis,TRAINED WILD ANIMALSAND WILD WESTSaturday, July 15h 1ihI? :sasiBas:M4mmC 'I ii m 9 r- - -or ocner pnyweoane.1''. ,"'tiIfhVf1 '' -rFRIDAY, JULY 14, 1922V - J"! -f ,t ' TWfgfeTHE BOURBON NJ3WS, PARIS; KENTUCKYfA-ait"GIFTS THAT LAST&HAIL INSUBANCEINSUEE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST HAIL WITH McCLTJEE &DONALDSON, PIEST NATIONALBANK BUILDING. (27-tf)PERMALSComings and Goings of Some YonEnow and Others TonDon.GAETH FUND BENEEICIABIES'Messrs. E. M. Dickson, Claude M..Thomas and Alex Miller, Commissioners of the Garth Fund, willineet the old beneficiaries of theFund, at the court house, on Tuesday, July 18, at nine o'clock, a. m.The old benefiiciaries are requestedto bring their accounts with them,properly made out, in business-likeform, also the reports of their classstanding.' The Commissioners will meet thenew applicants at the same place.The new applicants must come prepared with reports from their lastschool and statements from responsible citizens as to the financialstatus of the applicants' parents.oSEEKING WIGGINGTON DES-j-v UENDANTS .w -.-- jJames W. Wiggington, of ChulaVista, California, is seeking to locate descendants of Henry Wiggington, who moved from Virginia toBourbon county, Kentucky, in 1800.He states in a letter to the CourierJournal that Henry Wiggingtonserved in the Civil War.If this should come to the noticeof any descendants of Henry Wiggington residing in Paris or Bourbon county, they are requested towrite Mr. Wiggington, at the address given above.o .fBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTJudge James C. Dedman, of Cyn-thiana, special Judge presiding, inthe absence of Judge Robert LeeStout, reconvened the June term ofBourbon Circuit Court, Tuesday,and during the day passed on a number of motions, which were passedat the first half of the regular term. A number of visiting attorneys from surrounding townswere in attendance.The most important matters passed upon were motions in the caseof .James McClure, administrator ofWm. C. Massie, which was partlydisposed of by the Court. TheThe question of final disposition of the estate, estimated to beworth around 400,000, will come,up for consideration at anotherterm of the Court.Mrs. Mary Mulfinger has returned to her home in Richmond after a visit to her son, L. H. Mulfinger, in Paris.Miss Agnes Welsh and littlesister, Margaret, of Cincinnati, areguests of the former's sister, MissJulia Welsh, on Pleasant street.Robert Atkins and childrenhave returned to their home inPineville after a visit to Mr. andMrs. F. B. Faulkner, in this city.Dr. and Mrs. Wm. Kenney andfamily will leave Saturday for Hazard, wnere they will spend thesummer. They will take the RogersMoore home.Miss Elizabeth Martin, of Louisville, who is visiting her aunt,Mrs. Clark Barnett, of Houston avenue, attended a dance given in Versailles, Tuesday evening.Mrs. Harry Myers and littledaughter have returned to theirhome in Cincinnati, after an extended visit to Mrs. Myers' parents,Mr, and Mrs, T, D, Bentley, nearParis.Cynthiana Democrat: "MissesLolis and Anne Aammerman, MissLouise Wyatt, of Paris, were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs. Ivan C. Soper at Little Rock, in Bourboncounty."Misses Louvenia and ChristineThomason are at home near LittleRock, after a month's trip throughCanada, Washington, California,Yellowstone Park, and other placesof interest.Mrs. John Wesselman continuesvery ill. at her home on the Georgetown road, near Paris. Her grandchildren, Clifton and Claudia Wesselman, of Lexington, have been withher recently.HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(july7 tf )GUN CLUB TROPHIESThe fourteen-carat gold medals'and the solid sterling silver trophies for the Kentucky State Shooting Tournament, to be held on theHilltop's Gun Club grounds, on theAlfred Clay farm, July 18, are nowon exhibition in the show windowof Mitchell & Blakemore's clothingstore.A card in front of each trophyand medal tells what events theyare to be given for. The trophiesare beauties and well worth an inspection. This tournament willbring to Paris some of the most noted trap shooters in the State, besidesa number from other States.AUCTION SALE OP VALUABLEMILLERSBURG PROPERTYThe handsome residence of Col.and Mrs. C. M. Best, at Millersburg,will be offered at public sale onTuesday, July 25 at 2:30 p. m.Read the description in this issueof THE NEWS. (11-14)oREDPATH CHAUTAUQUA OPENS.The 1922 Redpath Chautauquaopened in Paris Wednesday afternoon with a splendid concert by theCollegian Male Quartet, composedof Messrs. Spring, Risser, Strahanand Short. These young men proved themselves to be excellent vovalists and delighted their hearers witha fine selection of musical numbers,la the evening they gave a preludeto the lecture by former GovernorCharles H. Brough, of Arkansas, onthe subject, "America's Leadershipof The World." Gov. Brough, whoserved as War Governor of Arkansas from 1917 to 1921, and who hasbeen re-elected for the fourth timeas president of the United StatesGood Roads Association, gave ascholarly and eloquent review ofthe achievements of the UnitedStates in practically every field ofhuman endeavor.Yesterday's program included theMontague Light Opera Singers inconcert in the afternoon, and prelude at night. The evening addresswas given by Dr. Hubert W. Hurt,whose subject was "The New Industrial Da?.'&fo nu is stronger t&an his stom-. Tamlac will makevyour stom-stroa. -Tanlac is sold by allMrs. Fred Hill, of Paris, whosome time ago underwent an operation for appendicitis at the Woodford County Hospital, in Versailles,performed by Dr. Barrow, of Lexington, is improving rapidly, andwill soon be able to return home.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P. Mann,Mrs. Howard B. Carr and son, Chas.P. Carr, and Miss Ina Mattox, havegone to West Baden Springs, atWest Baden, Indiana, for ten-days'stay. They will be guests at theHomestead Hotel.Miss Martha Smith, supervisorof French in the Birmingham, Ala.,public schools, is visiting her sister,Mrs. Walter Shropshire, near Paris.Miss Smith is en route to Indianapolis, Ind., to visit her father, Hon.John S. Smith, formerly of Paris.Mrs. Henry A. -Power, MissSara Power, Miss Eleanor Swearengen and Miss Nell Winn Hinton areat Camp Kavanaugh, near Louisville. Rev. and Mrs. C. H. Greerand daughters, Misses Elizabethand Frances Greer, of Paris, motored to the Camp Tuesday, to attendthe meeting of the Young People'sMissionary Society of the Methodistchurch.Miss Josephine Fithian, ofParis, who is visiting in Carlisle,has been the guest of honor at anumber of social entertainmentsgiven for her. On Monday, MissElizabeth Holmes gave a gardenparty at her home on Chestnutstreet. Miss Martha Dudley entertained last night with an informaldance at her home on Sycamorestreet.A party of Lexington peopleenjoyed a pleasurable visit Tuesdayto Xalapa Farm, near Paris. Theafternoon was spent in the lovelygardens and in viewing points of interest on the estate. A picnic supper was served in the afternoon.The party was composed of Mesdames Sanford Lyne, Matthew Walton, Nancy Lyne Johnson, LillieLyne McPherson, Wm. Lehman, GayHanna and Miss Lelia Yancy.A number of social functionshave been planned for the future inhonor of Mr. and Mrs. FieldingGrant Rogers, newly weds, who returned some time ago from theirwedding trip to the North. Mrs.Warren Rogers and her daughter,Miss Harriet Rogers, were hostessesrecently at their home near Parisin honor of Mr. and Mrs. Rogersand their cousin, Mrs. Robert McArdle, of Cuba and New York.Winchester Sun: "Mr. W. A.Thomason and son, of Paris, were inthis city on business TuesdayMr. Wm. Elam was a business visitor in Paris, Wednesday Mr.and Mrs. John Wright, of Paris,are visiting their son, F. B. Wrightand family, in this city Mrs. J.B. Franklin and son, Clark, have returned from a visit to their brother,Everette Clark, and Mrs. Clark, inParis. Mrs. Clark, who has beenseriously ill, is greatly improved."Miss Mary Louise Bedford washostess recently at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Bedford,with an afternoon bridge party incompliment to her house guests,Misses Frances and Elizabeth Hartford, of Shelbyville. At the close ofthe games refreshments wereserved. About thirty-five guestsenjoyed the charming younghostesses' hospitality. A booknd sewing bouquet were presentediy-e gniesis enjoyed the charmingyoung kostessj hospitality. A hookJ and swing bouquet were presentedDavis, Jr., was awarded the prize forthe highest score, a vase.Dr. J. C. Hart, of Clintonville,is visiting his 'brother, in Illinois.Mrs. Sallie Bishop, of Georgetown, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.B. A. Batterton.Mrs. W. L. Phelps continuesvery ill at the home of L. D. Harris,on Walker avenue.Miss Dorcas Humphrey, of Louisville, is a guest of her aunt, Mrs.Frank Roche, in this city.Miss Mary Chenault has returned to her home in Frankfort, aftera visit to Miss Margaret Kenney.Mrs. Oscar Davis, of Paris, is aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Jack Owings,at Rolling Heights, near Winchester.Mrs. Marvin Weathers and children, of Detroit, Mich., are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Weathers,near Clintonville.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Mayall, ofLouisville, are guests at the home oftheir uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs.Louis Rogers, near Paris.Mrs. Julia Houston, of Paris, isvisiting her sister, Mrs. Nannie Patterson, at her home on Chambersavenue, in Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. John Sauer, Mrs.Edward Burle and Miss GilbertLavin were in Lexington Wednesdayfor the day, as guests of friendsand relatives.Miss Thornwell Tadlock hasgone to Montreat, North Carolina,as a delegate to the meeting of theSouthern Mission Schools of thePresbyterian church.Walter Gibson, cashier of the"Clintonville Farmers' Bank, has returned from Cumberland Gap, Tenn.,where Tie was called a few days agoby the illness of his brother.Mr. and Mrs. Ora Bryant Peters and little son, Lloyd, have returned to their home in Blue River,Wisconsin, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Robert Vaughn, near Paris".Wilbur Gunn, of Detroit, Mich.,and Misses Mary Shumake andEthlyn Smith, of Lexington, havereturned to their homes from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Terrill,near Paris.FAGiirnrMr. and Mrs. Layton Thompson, who have been rooming at thehome of Mrs. Russell Mann on Pleasant street,. Will leave soon for NorthCarolina, where Mr. Thompson goeson business as buyer for one of thelarge tobacco manufacturing concerns. Mrs. Fay Reed Barkley anddaughter, Miss Ruth, have returnedto their home in Cincinnati, after avisit to Mrs. William Farris anddaughter, Mrs. Jack Arundel, attheir home on Pleasant street.Carlisle Mercury: "Mr. Ed.Eales, of Paris, is visiting Mr. andMrs. Wm. Howard, Sr . . . . Miss SueJohnson, of Paris, is visiting Mr.Johnson, of Paris, is visitingher aunt, Mrs. Belle Pickerell ....Mrs. James Crawford has returnedto her home in Paris after a visit toher sister, Mrs. W. F. Clark. . . .Mr.and Mrs. Harry O. James, of Paris,were guests Wednesday of Mr. andMrs. W. J. Kennedy."(Other Personals on Page 3)FOR RENTFour furnished rooms, ready forhousekeeping, at 407 Pleasant St.Call at once.(It) MRS. CARL CRAWFORD.LOSTSomewhere in Paris an S. A. E.fraternity pin. Finder please leaveat THE NEWS office, and receivereward.FOR SALEA small ivory painted breakfastset, drop-leaf table and two chairs.Call Cumberland Phone 999.(14-2t)FEATHERS WANTEDI want to buy 150 feather beds,also men's clothing and shoes, athighest prices. Will be in 'Paris onTuesday and Wednesday, July 18thand 19 th. Drop Postal toA. MARKS,General Delivery, Paris, Ky.' 'FOR SALEFine, large peaches for canningand preserving, sprayed, free fromworms and defects. Price, $2.50per bushel. Address,DR. R. C. BOGGS,(It) Conway, Ky.Ladies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at15, $18, $25, $29Worth double value. Colors:black, brown, etc. It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros- Dcpt. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECoroer Seresrtk sMaia Streets -GALA DAYSFor the Thrifty Men andBoys HereaboutsEvery Straw Hat One-half PriceEvery Suit in the House Reduced One-thirdto One-halfShirt BargainsUnderwear BargainsShoe Bargains-jBARGAINS GALORE!We are trying not to carry over any summer merchandise. If you need anything it will pay you tow get our prices.LEWISTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveShade Made With A Ventilator5ggThe OnlySELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINGPORCH SHADESa "Make your porch the most livable place about the home and do itwith VUDOR PORCH SHADES and our, GOOD FURNITURE,SWINGS and RUGS. We are making very attractive prices.J, 'Automatic RefrigeratorsAre the Bestf"'ifHINTON CO; EITHERFHONE S PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND HANIMotor Hearse Motor InvaM Coach UmlertahfrigfV . ,.I iit-f .?"PARK rET'rr$&V -."- '." " fy.'-- " ';.fftgfgifftmfmBSmmmffrmmmmimfmmt ' J . JSBt rA- - ,v-3v .4 .-?PACKTHE BOURBON NEWS, v PARIS,KENTUCKYmw wnam nilFRIDAY, JULY IS, If W VjFTf . r 'secrI 'I?ili-ifBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBST'BsbbbbbbbbbbbbTWatch Your'Dealer's Window.This Week!There's no secretabout it. Good storesall over the city areshowing men how to,get leg-happiness forlife this week.Wear Ivory Gartersand learn why hundreds of thousands ofmen say they are the"one and only" forlongest life and" greatestcomfort.All we askis for you to let your dealerexplain Ivory Garters toyou. Show you how theirsimple construction nopads no metal won'thind makes them holdup your socks perfectlyand that's all. You don'teven know you've got garters on when you wearIvories !Listen to this : Ivories areevery inch a garter! Thereisn't a. bit of dead cloth orwaste material in theirwhole make-up. That'swhy they have made such atremendous success theygive you more downrightcomfort below the kneesthan any garter in theworld! 25c and up.IVORY GARTER CO.New Orleans, La.nazsEsnmEvery inch a garter!l7JUJUJBMoney back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch. Eczema,Ringworm,Tetter or other itchins skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our rxat.V1SDEN & SON,Puis, Ky.Isssv-I .SSBTaBlSstlTi7 3.Just HistoryIm 71The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle' flame.In I860 'Im Crinoline bright,She greeted her gneitsBy Coal Oil light.Amd later on,How time doei passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.M:nHORNWORMS START ANNUALBAH) ON TOBACCO PLANTSTobacco growers are facing theannual task of ridding their plantsof hornworms, recognized as theworst insect pest of the crop inKentucky, according to H. H. Jewitt entomologist at the KentuckyAgricultural Experiment Station.The adults, or moths, appear fromthe first week in June to about themiddle of August, while the maximum number of worms are apparentin the field about August 15, hesaid. The worms are so ' destructivethat tobacco could not be grownsuccessfully without the use of control measures for them, he added.Hand worming cannot be reliedupon to keep tobacco free from theworms, even with the most carefulexamination of each plant, whileParis Green, which formerly wasused quite extensively to kill thepests, is giving way to arsenate oflead. The latter material adheresto the plants longer than does ParisGreen, and therefore is more effective, while it rarely injures theplants even when an excessiveamount is used. This materialhas an added advantage in that itcan be used during periods of unsettled or rainy weather.The arsenate of lead is applied tothe tobacco by means of a dust gun.The old style guns are being replaced by those with fans ten inchesor more in diameter and havingspecial devices for preventing clogging at the outlet. Where it isnecessary to use an old style gun,the arsenate should be mixed withan equal bulk of sifted wood ashes.The dusting should be mixed withan equal bulk of sifted wood ashes.The dusting should be done whenthere is no breeze, either in themorning when the dew is on theplants or in the evening. An activeoperator can dust several acres in aday.Under average conditions fromthree to five pounds of the arsenatean acre is sufficient for one dusting.At least two dustings should bemade, while a third is sometimesnecessary. Where it is necessary toapply the poison as a spray becauseof the lack of dusting apparatus,from three to .five pounds of thearsenate should be used to 100 gallons of water. Brands of arsenateof lead containing at least 30 percent, arsenic oxide, of which notmore than one per cent is free orwater soluble, should be used.oONE OF THE BESETTING SINSr W M I U-f War Sabotage PracticesDiscovered on Castings1 Leesburg, Fla. What is be-lieved to be an example of sabot-age practiced, by the enemies of1 this country during the WorldIi war has come to light here. Aconcern in the North manufacturing bolts and castings for thegovernment had a large quantity! of material left at the time ofthe armistice, and a corporationi constructing a factory here pur-chased several thousands of thebolts. They appeared to be per-1 feet until mechanics attemptedto use them. Then it was discov-ered that many had been sawedI almost to the center from both1 sides at the thread end, leavingJ a bare eighth of an inch of metalI intact The nuts on the damagedbolls had been screwed down toI a point where they concealed the1 cuts.I Had the bolts been sent abroadthey would have been useless forf the purpose for which they weredesigned.i3riraiwminifttmttmmtnmmmiiunimutimmmnnmmmimniiinmm.HiuiuiininmuavWHO IS THIS YOUNG MAN?C js-muxilTl iEVENINGSlit tke girl of to-dayWko wants her komt bright,Jut presses a bmtttmAnd has Electric light.irz..fl0r m m!i iiKf.v'Lu.ifbElectric Co.ji jIf there is one thing more thananother that makes for misery, retards growth, that causes .smalltowns to wither, it. is envy and jeaJ-ousy.J Gossip and slander are thecause of much unhappiness, butenvy and jealously breed genuinemisery. Prom the woman who hidesbehind drawn blinds and watchesthe guests who visit her neighbor'shome, to the business man and theman of power who drops the blighting insinuation that some struggling competitor's credit is notsonud. much of the meanness ofsmall town life is inspired by envyand jealousy.Paris has suffered from thisblight along with other towns. Thepitiful thing about the sufferer whois afflicted with this malady is thatit is the perculiar nature of thisevil to swell small things to great,to make a false situation of almostnothing, to imagine much and thento lose all reason amid the hideousphantoms it has formed. Did youever hear a jealous woman raveabout her popular acquaintance?Did you ever hear an unsuccessfulbusiness man malign his competitor? Of course you have and youknow what we mean.We often wonder why, in thisshort life, we should devote so muchtime to the bitterness of envy and,. jealousy. What difference afterall, does it maker if Mrs. Parasitehas a closed car while your auto isa last year's model and has jiffycurtains? The fragrance of thecountry air is just as sweet as "youdrive along the roads on a summernight. What difference, after all,if Mr. Smith has a steam heatingsystem in his home while you carryashes out every morning? Theruddy glow of your open fire is farmore cheerful than Smith's suttering radiators. Mrs. Soandso glidesby on her way to her bridge club,and you sigh as you think what aneasy time she has. Perhaps if youonly knew it, Mrs. Soandso wouldbe glad to exchange her place in thebridge club for your position in theoffice or in your society.We feel like chuckling to ourselves when we hear someone"knocking" someone else, for envyand jealousy is at the bottom of all."Trifles, light as air, are to thejealous confirmation strong as proofof Holy Writ," says the greatest ofpoets. You can make youself believe anything mean of the personof whom you are envious or jealous. If we could rid Paris of thisspirit we could make the town thegarden spot of the world. Yet wemake ourselves wretched over thepetty jealousy of our neighbors.Honestly, now, is it worth while toenvy Mrs. Soandso's social positionwhen there is so much work to bedone? Why not feel sorry for herthat her life is so empty? And whatabout Smith and his big home andsuccessful business? He can't takeit with him when he goes om thatloagx journey in a few yean, and keis mining all the reab jot fot Urinetk Atnwgit k i nttig- forthto bold his position. ' , '.xdBsssftP9CMhsBBBBBBBk'vlstistislfeisssML '""mmm tWW .sssssasssaV SmBMBJWwK JlroffiTJ v' WSraragAkL' ::"' : JSSSSSBSSSKirSSSSSSSSSSSSSSm. ' ISSSSSSSSS3SS&r;flPHsv '' ' jrasHHyWith a total loss of memory as tohis identity, this man, about twentyfive years old, is held by the police ofSt. Paul, Minn., unable to determinehis name, where he lives, or give anyfacts that will identify him. He iswell dressed and the label in his suitis that of L. L. & Co., Rochester, N. Y.,and he carries a gold watch with theengraved Initials L. A. He remembershaving been in France and of havingvisited New York and Chicago.POLICEMAN KILLS BIG SHARKMonster, Full of Herring and Salmon,' Too Lazy to Dodge Officer'sBullet.Seattle, Wash. Basking after afeast of salmon and herring, a 700pound shark, the largest ever seen onthe north Pacific, was shot and killedby a waterfront policeman.The shark met its doom when Itswam lazily into a tangle of piling atpier 11-B. The broad head becamefastened between two supports and itwas lashing the water Into foam. whenthe patrolman hove in sight.A crew from" the United States coastguard cutter Unalga, moored near,rigged up a derrick and hauled theshark to the wharf, where it was officially weighed and measured. Thehuge fish was' 11 feet 6 inches in lengthwith a tall three feet broad.HERE'S HARD NAME TO YODELPaging Los Angeles Arson SuspectWears Down Attaches ofSuperior Court.Los Angeles, Cal. Attaches of theSuperior court here are hoping fora decision soon in the appeal of theman they call "Mr. Soda Fountain,"who was convicted of arson. They arehoping principally that they will nothave to write his name in the courtrecords much longer. This is hisname:Lieulessueusszesszes HurruizzlsstizzL Colloquially, however, he is knownas Leo HirstSmashes Pipe He Smoked 42 Years.Mlddletown, N. Y.What is believedto be a clay pipe record for the United States, if not for the world, isheld by Henry Heath, veteran printerof BUenville. He smoked one pipe forforty-two years until one day while atwork it fell on the floor and wasshattered. The pipe was purchasedby Heath following the discovery byhis father that he was smoking cigarettes. vBaby Swallowed All.St Mary's, O. -A prune seed, smallpieces of cork and a quantity of coaloil. This collection was taken fromthe stomach of Joseph HolitzhanerJr., nlneteen-monthg-old on of Joseph,'TTtlttolMinna o -l.tt 1 .. Jauuuuauw, ujr m, puysiuau uere tneotner day.-J The t,bay to recoveringfrom hli experience. He made thecollection and. swallowed it whilt na-fwsSrred fa a its?ran t- 5r m1jfMlWHealth is Wealth Itselfand depends more upon theselection of properfood than uponanything else.The reason is simple the rightkind of food digests promptly andis absorbed into the blood forbuilding sound tissue; whjle foodthat digests slowly may fermentand lead to serious conditions.Grape-Nuts the deliciouscereal food made from wholewheat flour and malted barleyis so easy to digest that even delicate people and young childrenthrive on it.This is only natural, becauseGrape-Nuts is baked for 20 hours,which transforms and partiallypre-digests the starch elements,resulting in easy digestion andquick assimilation.Served writh milk or creamGrape-Nut is a complete foodand along with its nutritive qualities is that wonderful flavor! fl"There's a Reason" for Grape-NutSSold by grocers everywhere!Made by Postum Cereal Company, Inc., Battle Creek, Mich.ii m in mam Lifp.iyiTigwriiiy-frfrwtMffMDONT'S FOR SWIMMINGThe water is beginning to takethe daily toll it collects fromswimmers every summer and experienced swimmers lose their lives aswell as novices. Paste these dont'sin you hat:Don't swim on a full stomaeh.(Wait at least two hours after eatmg.) Don't swim if overheated.Don't swim until exhausted.Don't swim if you have hearttrouble.Don't dive without accurateknowledge of the depth of, the water. Don't struggle if caught in a swiftcurrent or undertow. (The force ofthe current will bring you to thesurface.) !$WfMDon't wade into water with thearms above the head. (You willnot be ready to stroke if you stepinto a hole.)Don't lean backward when wading into the water. (Always heready to fall forward.)Don't fail" to learn Red Cross lifesaving and resuscitation methods.(Be capable of saving yourself andyour companion.)Don't cry for help in fun. (Youmay sometime need help and notget it.)Don't go in swimming alone unless you are an expert. (Better notgo in swimming alone under anycircumstances.)oUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESMenWantedThis Company will hire experienced shopcraft mechanics and shop laborers and furnishthem work at rates prescribed by the UnitedStates Railroad Labor Board, beginning at once.Apply to W. E. Hunter, Master Mechanic,Covington, Ky., orE. H. Gorey, General Foreman, Paris, Ky.Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co.For your convenience we are nowcarrying a -stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,DrWaddcllsPile RemedyDon't Suffer-Don't be Operatedm until yon bare tried Dr. WaddUITafQ Remedy. Absolutely Iiannlctt. Gmuvto fire absolute smbsfacboa orrafafcdad. S1.50 partem at toot: If not write vs.IMedineGoJISmithsGroVaKyJLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGBanner Lye' Lbs ,SBSssssssssssssssssssssssssLssfHB ...jseasytouseNo otherlye Is packed sosafely and conveniently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfectso easfly and thoroughly as Banner Im. Itis not ow-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has'ever known. Use it for cleaning'your kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansana Doiues, iorsorcemng water, ana tne laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in halt.Makes pure'soapand saves ssoney besides. "- A can efBmnerls, 5H pounds of kitchen grease,AtV mdc fan haiMatm nrtmrmkettits), and yoabavt lOpouodsef best karamtmp or mi gaagas won sjgap, jtr TiTt IbiM temtaf mtatmm mm '- - -Write to Mfor Iras tnMH. " AeJ-7EwVIAWhen Looking ForGOOD PAINTAt the Lowest Possible PricesGive Us a CallWe carry everything in the Paintand Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.We're also Contracting Paintersand Paper Hanger. Let us figure on your next job. .KANE BROS.AGENTS FOR THE FOY PAINTSifeJ 'iBrI ii, b"arRIDAY, JULY 14, 1122 "THE r BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKYy'-HEADACHEIr .f,?USand dizziness are among tHemany symptoms resultingfrom disordered digestion andnon-assimilation of food. Ifneglected, chronic ill health or;disease may follow. Atoningup of vital organs generally isfteeded and Tanlac, by itleasy and natural action and influence, has proved itself to bethe ideal corrective agent to.strike at the rooj of your trpu- -hit,Tanlac is sold by all good druggists, ,WASHING TO AMATEUR BADIOOPEEATOKSHERE'S THE CHAMPION SNAKESTORY"While tearing down a chimneylor E. T. Kavanaugh, of "WabaseeFarm, Bradford pike, in Pendletoncounty, Bert McClanahan found between logs and the masonry a jugcontaining one-half gallon of OldPepper whisky, supposed to havebeen lodged there when the housewas built more than a half a century ago. An hour later, while removing lower stones, he evicted alarge snake, which he dispatchedwith a pick handle. Observing anapparent swelling, he performed apost mortem with a butcher knifeand five half-grown sparrows flewout, and caromed caroling to anearby wheat field, he says.Approximately 1,200 automobiles,valued at $1,700,000, were eitherburned or stolen in Connecticut lastyear.MHIIMIMIII il'I"i"M"M ! 'I Hm 4 tHIIMIJGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERLDistinctive Service"BOTH TELEPHONESDay KSt111 37 299U 1 1J'1'1'1 i I '! Hill 1111 1 1 H llllHIMilllllWeN are living in an age of invention, and the one single invention that is exciting the most comment and increasing most in popularity is the wireless telephone.Radio receiving sets are being placed in more and more homes everyday. Though still in its infancy, itis growing ast, and this growth,unfortunately, is accompanied by anew accident hazard.Comparatively few persons usingradio sets are well acquainted withthings electrical. The apparatus initself is, of course, harmless enough,and consequently the amateur doesnot take into consideration the factthat some harm might come fromthe construction of the outdooraerial.A few weeks ago in East Cleveland a youth was erecting an aerial.It crossed an electric distributioncircuit and the wires became crossed. The boy was killed. So was hisfather, who attempted to rescuehim. The tragedy was shocking inthe extreme, but like most tragediesit carried a warning to others.In the interest of safety and tothe end that no such tragedy mayhappen in this State, editors areasked to seriously consider the useof their columns to get to the wireless "fan," and through the "fan"to others interested in radio, thefollowing warning:"DO NOT string wireless aerialsover, under or close to any otherwires. They might come m contactwith highly charged wires and bedangerous."DO NOT attach wireless aerialsto poles earring wires of any sort.Contact with live wires might result, causing death, injury or fire."ALWOYS be sure to attach wireless aerials to substantial supports,and remember it is quite practicalto operate a radio receiving setset with an indoor aerial. Parentsespecially are requested to co-operatein carrying these safety suggestions."; OCatarrhal ConditionsCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore, requires constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis taken internally and acts through theBlood upon the Mucous Surfaces of theSystem. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEgives the patient strength by improvingthe general health and assists Nature indoing its work.AH Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.IMMUNITY INMEASLES SERUMDoctor Rudolf Degkwitz ReportsSuccessful Experiments WithNew Preventive,MEDICAL SCIENCE INTERESTEDHope to Conquer the Most Deadly ofall Children's Diseases Danger inPublio Apathy and Ignoranceof Infectious Malady.inim iiiniiinnil MW4tiiWe Handle All Kinds ofI Electrical NoveltiesElectriclWashing Machines, Irons, 'Toaster,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, EtectrbHers, 'All;Kinds of Bulbs, EtcGas Heaters.2All Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs Tand GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.BBSSPSBSHBHBSSSHHHB bbsssssB1Do You Talk To Absent Ones?C&'V . . ...-t-W-h' . . 1 At-PS? Perhaps your brothers, sjstrs, mother pjcFE-SSS-I?lb T-i-.rMai4' tyiK SsBssJTJbsT ssa "V,&. r ; : -?. Vifl ssWrLWhy not talk tptliem occsioiial qJj fthe telephbnl liM:&W- Distance males' B 3Hi CtC-i.&M1'difference and itxe co$tis small .i "At night from "80$qlock tp midniglft station to station qpi one-half the day rate. From midnjg.to '4 :30 A. M. the rate is one-fourth the 8ayrate.BEST HORSEBACK RIDER OFWORLD IS WAITERThe world's best horseback rideris said in Belgrade to be LieutenantPietro Hudenko, once of the Imperial Russian Anglo-AmericanClub.He claims never to have failed tobreak and tame the wildest horse.He says he does not use strengthand agility, but mesmerism. Hetakes a wild horse, slips a halter onits head, passes a rope twice throughits mouth, jumps on its back without a saddle, gets a knee grip, andlets the horse rear, buck, or run atwill. After the horse is tired hepets it, whispers strange words intoits ears, words known to a fewCossacks of the Caspin steppes, andthen, never again, will that horsebite or kick or disobey a man.Pietro soon is to become trainerand horsebreaker for King Alexander.A--tifriBXsk" Long Distance about this qui.fcpcap SUUlUil IU iWUUIi SCIYICCUMBERLANDAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated.)VSHow Arizona City Got Name.Phoenix, Ariz., was built near thewell-defined ruins of an ancientpueblo. DarelL Duppa, a scholar whowas with the man who chose the spot,said: "Let us call It Phoenix, forhere, upon the old, a new city shallrise," and told them of the bird inmythology called phoenix which arosefrom its own ashes.-'MWhen you feel '3Stnervous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure agn you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills JsWILLIAMS MFG. CO, PnP.' Cleveland, O.For Sale By -OBERDOREER,THE DRUGMSTI GALVANIZED,! ROOFINGTHE BEST AND CHEAPEST METAL ROOF MADEA ROOF WITH A SIDE LAP THAT CANNOT LEAKiMADE IN LENGTHS OF S, 6, 7, 8, 9, lO, 11 and 12 FEETNo Special Tools Required Easily and Quickly AppliedEVERT MAN BIS 0WI ffROOFERTake this cut of this Superiors tonn ProofBoofingto your nearest dealer, Ifhe cannotsnpply you writeto us direct.Samples furnished uponreauest,PATENTED KOOFINGalso made in Patent 2VCrimp and Patent Corrugated.ff M i i M If jir it II II Mil i IB i 4flMSKsfHfelfi aS?-n.4S?lgggyiSis4rggnBSllMB?,?Sr----3gj8SBygS5i!33SJKl ItssSkakEwsBHHFBBBiw P5r 1WW ' I mr ' k' mWW ' A.Ar ' I IVAr ' 1 IX.'Tr Kt I mSkews ctom scdiea ofmt V Crur3Y Crisp isitke vertical rifc f theeftkeaeil. Tkktakeatbtvkk Cowaea V Criap,crisp wkile tke il is keeeter Ugi ef tke aaeerlecanr to tke eave twever tke crisp. WitkcesweU fail witkia tke keiM-NOWOODSTICKSNEEDEDManchester, England. Dr. RudolfDegkwljtz announces In the DeutscheMedlzinische Wochenschrift (an authoritative publication) that he hassucceeded in conferring immunity tomeasles by injecting a serum preparedfrom convalescent patients."This may prove to be one of thegreatest epochs in preventive medicine," writes a medical correspondentof the Manchester Guardian. "In hislast series of 1,700 cases Degkwitzclaims that all the contacts inoculatedwere completely immunized or so protected that the disease was developedonly in its mildest form and there wasno untoward result."If these results are confirmed andthe method can be effectively and gen-erallv aDDlied. the result should be aneven greater saving of life than hasaccrued from Jenner's discovery oivaccination.Most Deadly of All."Measles, the most deadly of ajlthe diseases of childhood, continuesto be ' the least controllable of thescourges which regularly affect ourpeople," the Guardian's correspondent says warningly. "With the possible exception of influenza there isno form of epidemic disease in faceof which preventive medicine is sohelDless. The causes for this aremainly two. In the first place thedisease is not only highly infectivebut its infectivity is highest beforethe symptoms can be recognized. Thechild which contracts measles hasthree or four days in which to infecthis family, his friends and his schoolfellows before it is known definitelythat he is suffering from measles atall. The second cause is public apathyand ignorance of the dangerous natureof the complaint."Half a century ago there appearsto have been some justification forregarding -measles as a trifling disorder, something that every child must'get over,' and the sooner the better.Owing to the operation of the stillmysterious laws which govern changesIn type of disease, scarlet fever, whichwas justly dreaded, has declined invirulence and ceased to be one of themajor dangers of childhood : diphtheriais also much milder in form and itsdangers can almost be eliminated bythe early use of anti-toxin. Butmeasles has become more deadly yearby year.Recent Epidemic,"The present writer can recall onerecent epidemic of measles in a .Lancashire town which slew in six monthsprecisely the number of children thathad succumbed to scarlet fever in tenyears. Yet it is still not an unknownthing for a mother to put the otherchildren in bed with a case of measlesso that they may all 'get over it together,' and it is the constant comnininf nf doctors that they are notcaUed in until the child is blue from"pneumonia and beyond all aid. x"Compare this apathy with the horror of smallpox. Yet, before the introduction of vaccination, when smallpox was regarded as the nationalplague, tht death rate from this causaaveraged 420 per million. In 1915 thedeath rate from' measles was 1,398 permillion. Neither the government northe local authorities seem to havewaked up to the facts represented bythese figures. We continue to lavisnenormous sums of money on the hospital isolation of scarlet fever withvery little effect dn the prevalence ofthe disease, but hospital accommodation for. measles is very rarely provided. "V j"Scarlet fever is compulsorily notifiable; the notification of measles isoptional and, in these days of antispendlng a's opposed to true economy,practically in abeyance."School Boys BuiW Road Cheap.Knoxville, Tenn. In planning hightttotto rcHno- thousands of dollars, per-YJi3 uwois "haps road builders coma gee u iewpointers from Monroe County Centralhigh school boys of Madisonville,who built 1,200 feet of macadamizedroad around the school building at acost of not more than $150 to the boardof education. The boys did the workunder the supervision of their principal, Prof. Tom McMurray.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSE JmnimnniiimmnnmiiininniiniitmmfThe Quickest WaySave time and energy during the warm weatherby installing a HOME TELEPHONE in your residence. Just remove the receiver from the hookand you will find our courteous operators at your .service.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.. Incorporatedfcvi1XVSV v ' ". v ". . 'iXsWXsWXIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyKBH3Ss'fliC:::,t :xfiraaBxivpatent Crisp wJ "Cemrated ReefUf .wrier crisp to tke nfktptaceef ikeweei strip "daaa lepperts tke eetndeiar (Urea tkrevjk. Tkecrisp fa fersee as a gmtterwater tkat say ke enTeem V Crisp ks waterFigure) 1 1 3 Patently CrimpManufactured Exclusively By - -THE MOESCHL-EDWARDS CORRUGATING GO.,. -m ww im m m i. .' i " ----- - , h- m 'm EVERYTHING IN SHEET METAL BUILDING-MATERIAL -?i&m4b.Mi.-n u,uH..1.....H..M.uu,..u.1.H.u,nm.nm1n,nm,mJ5.s1 ii Plans to Dive for LostI Treasure of Buccaneers ICape May, N. X Jay E. Mecay of Cape Ma?,. N. J., is organ-,izing a syndicate to try to recover the doubloons and pieces-of-eightwhich formed the cargoof the Spanish vessel Matizaneros, sunk off Turtle Cut inlet acentury ago. Manned by piratesand en route from the Spanishmain to New York to dispose ofth loot, the ship was driven bya gal on the shOsls,off the inletabomt sere miles porta' of CapeMay. ''IN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experine'e toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.m jiii: 7brfii?isiii.r-J-s,I VJ "Two -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth. Sjt, Near Main Botkv5sssnjpsjsn jr sji4jSSBie3ii,MC t -.-' m. -T.-...- --,,., ..,..,. -. i , t I ' 1K 1uMajasBBSMieiaiisaaBSSSSSiliBSSSsss ss -""BHBHMMsssssssssssssPssssssssssssss- . .1 - --.-"- . , - 1 X- v , , jftmmmmemtssMSKsimmtrr'mmxmAfjUf.y.W,BBsrggrgaaBayB --y.iSt VtxHi im mukm mmMmntfnmm&mmitrdklmtmht iyaMJ!fcielBMMSS3l.vr,PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON SEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JXTUr 14, 1M$TTn. sHLLERS6URGHews Items Prom Bour-Connty's College TownMiss Katherine Vaught Judy is.Visiting relatives in Cynthiana.Dr. G. "W. Nutter is visiting hisson, Eugenen Nutter, in ' Louisville."" Mr. A. C. Strode left this weekfr Chester, Montana, on a businesstrip.Dr. C. C. Fisher has returnedfrom a visit with friends at Wilmore. Mr. and Mrs. Will Fussneckerare visiting relatives in Columbus,Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. "W. S. Judy, ofLexington, visited relatives here.Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. K. B. Hutchison,of Lexington, visited relatives herethis week.Mrs. A. P. Darnell, of Flemingsburg, is visiting her sister, Mrs.S. E. Bruce.Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurst havereturned from a visit with relativesin Elizaville.Mr. and Mrs. Julian Allen haveFor This WeekSPECIAL SALEOFGenuinePalm BeachSuitsin the new shades50$11returned from a visit with friendsin Louisville.Mr. H. C. Lee and Miss Marguerite Wood were visitors in Cynthiana, Monday.Mrs. G. M. Jones and ' littledaughter, of Lexington, are visitingMrs. Martha Jones.Mrs. Tipton Wilson, of Mt. Sterling, has returned home after a visitwith relatives here.Mrs. M. E. Bryan, of Maysville,has returned home after a visit withMr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson.Mrs. F. J. Davis, of Louisville,has returned home after a Yisit withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. P.Jones.Miss Julia Howe has returnedto her home in Covington, after avisit with her sister, Mrs. ElizabethMiller.Misses Sara Gaines, of Howling Green, and Emily Dickerson, ofSt. Paul, Virginia, are guests of Dr.C. C. Fisher and family, at M. C.Rev. W. D. Welburn will returnhome from Bradfordsville, Saturday,and will fill his pulpit Sunday morning at 10:45 at the Methodistchurch.Mrs. Wm. D. Mclntyre anddaughters, Misses Louise and Elizabeth Mclntyre, accompanied by Mrs.Charles M. Howard, of Lexington,left yesterday for a month's stay atLake Chautauqua, New York.Miss Elizabeth Boston has beenielected as secretary and treasurerof the Christian church SundaySchool at this place. Miss Bostonsucceeds Mr, James B. Cray, whohas faithfully and most efficientlyfilled those positions for severalyears.lSISSSSIll " H M Mii rt l fti i . 1v1AND1COPERA HOUSE 1A I ,2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c9 War Tax Inc.7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 2tc, CHILDREN ltc, War Tar Inc.SPEAES MILLS ITEMSFORMERLY $15.00A reduction just at thetime when Palm BeachSuits are needed most.$12.50Mohair Suits. .$20.00Mohair Suits..$25.00Mohair Suits. .$10$15$20LiII200 Children'sStraw and WashHatsFormerly Sold at 75c,$1.00 and $1.50CHOICE25cPrice & Co.ClothiersMrs. "Willie D. Wagoner, whohas been sick for some time, is reported some better.Mrs. J. C. Hudhall has returned home after a week's stay withher daughter, Mrs. J. W. Clough,near Cane Ridge.BORN To the wife S. R. Hudnall, July l6, a 9 pound boy; firstchild. Mrs. Hudnall was MissKatherine Corbin, of Frankfort.Both mother and child doing nicely.We read in Tuesday's issue ofTHE BOURBON NEWS that a gameof ball was played Sunday at CrossRoads between Spears Mill andCross Roads. This is a mistake.The Spears Mill team played a pick-ed team from Ruddles Mills andCross Roads at Cross Roads, July4, and the score was 3 to 2 in thepicked team's favor. The SpearsMill team will not play Sunday ball,but we challenge any Bourboncounty team any Saturday afternoon. If any team wants a gamewith the Spears Mill Baptist Hustlers, call S. R. Hudnall, 41-R, Cumberland phone, North Middletownexchange. The Spears Mill teamwill play Cross Roads at SpearsMills to-morrow at 2 o'clock.FRIDAYNORMADOUBLE FEATURE DAY --FRIDAY"A Daughter of Two Worlds"to New YorkXTALMADGE "'A dramatic story of fasinating Jennie Malone, the daughter of a dive keeper, who passes from the underworldsocietv. See this adorable little actress that everyone raves aoout. AlsoVIVIANMARTINHere's a helter-skelter, hodge-podge of fun and romance, breezing along the laugh-line straight into the hearts of every audience. Don'tmiss this splendid program.in"Pardon My French"SaturdayFIRST NATIONAL PRODUCTIONSaturdayJSSSSSS i "Stranger Than Fiction"The story of a society girl in the underworld, finding romance amid the perils of Chinatown, and the most thrilling air circus everscreened. See Katherine MacDonald in four splendid parts. See Wesley Berry as "Freckles," her love-sick admirer. See an aerial circusunparalleled in thrill! See what the screen has never shown you before.Also Pathe Weekly and "Happy Pest," Fox ComedyMONDAYCLAIRE ADAMS andCARL GANTVOORTAdapted from the novel "Wildfire," by Zane Grey, a story of 'the West, the kind you will enjoy, with plenty of love, thrills and adven-Also Pathe Review and Century Comedy, "No Brains"inA GOLDWYN PICTURE MONDAY"When Romance Rides"ture.MATRIMONIALA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go' By(Long, both familiesParis.residingBIRTHSNear Centerville to the wife ofClaude Toomey, a daughter, theirfirst child. Mrs. Toomy was formerly Miss Edwards, of Fayettecounty.At Lockport, N. Y., to the wifeof Harry R. Smith, formerly MissMary Ranson, of Paris, a daughter,weight eight pounds.Mr. and Mrs. James Canan, 6fLexington, are welcoming a lovelylittle daughter, born at St. Joseph'sHospital, in that city, Tuesday.Mrs. Canan was formerly MissBernadette Brannon, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon,formerly of Paris. Paris friendsare sending congratulations andgood wishes for both parents andheir.A marriage license was issuedTuesday afternoon from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, toErnest Arnold, twenty-one, andMiss Lillie Mae Smart, eighteen,Mr. Arnold is a son of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Arnold, of Muir, and MissSmart is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. C. F. Smart, of Hutchison.NAUMAN SCOTTMrs. Sue Settle Nauman, teacher in the Maysville public school,and Mr. George H. Scott, railwaymail clerk between Paris and Maysville, with headquarters in this city,were married at the home of thebride's parents, in Owenton. Immediately following the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Scott left for a wedding trip to Lake Chautauqua, NewYork. They will reside in Maysville.DAWSON ARNOLDnear J C. 'Garnett, on the eleventh day ofJuly, nineteen hundred and twentytwo, Paris, Kentucky."At his home at the corner ofMain and Tenth streets, in this city,at six o'clock, Wednesday evening,Automobile tourists in Australia; must deposit the sum of 10,000,000SMART ARNOLDErnest Arnold, of Muir, andMiss Lula May Smart, of nearHutchison, were married Tuesday atthe home of the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. Mr. Arnold is a. son of Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Arnold, o f Muirj The bride is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. F.Smart, of near Hutchison. Theywill reside at the groom's home inFayette county.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, performed theceremony, uniting in marriage MissAnna Mae Dawson and Mr. Wm.Smiser Arnold, both of Cynthiana.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Arnold left for a short wedding trip.They will be at home to theirfriends after July 25.The bride is. one of the loveliestof the younger set, a graduate of theCynthiana High School in the class jof 1919-20. She is a daughter of.Mr. and Mrs. James Dawson. IThe groom is a son of Mr. jand Mrs. Sam Arnold. Sr., of jnear Cynthiana, and is a ' capableand popular young farmer. They ihave a large number of friends in ithe Bluegrass who will be interested in the announcement of theirmarriage.crowns before their carsv are permitted to enter the country.Every dog has his day and every;dog has his knight.o-When a speeder goes into a ditch!some pedestrian is lucky.o " 'They say the shimmy originated:in Russia. Get a country down andeverybody cusses it. , "White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars WashedLONG GRIGGSIn his private office in thecourt house Wednesday afternoon,County Judge George Battertonperformed the ceremony uniting inmarriage Miss Mattie Long, agednineteen, and Elisha A. Griggs,twenty-three. The ceremony waswitnessed by members of both families. The groom is a son of Mr.and Mrs. D. H. Griggs, and the brideis a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. M.SMITH GARNETTThe marriage of Miss ElizabethSmith and Mr. Martin C. Garnett, iboth of Cynthiana, were solemnized :Tuesday afternoon at five o'clock, at'the home of the officiating minister, ;Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the !Paris Baptist church. The attend-'ants were Miss Katherine Garnett, 'sister of the groom, and Mr. ClaudeWhalen, both of Cynthiana.The bride is the youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Q. W. Smith,and is pretty and charming. Shewore a traveling suit of blue, withhat to match. Mr. Garnett is theyoungest son of Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Garnett. He is a young manof fine personality, genial and popular. After a short wedding trip Mr.and Mrs. Garnett will return toCynthiana and will reside with thegrooms' parents, in Belmont.The following announcementshave been issued:"Mr. and Mrs. Q. W. Smith announce the marriage of their daughter, Anna Elizabeth, to Mr. MartinBenedetti & Co.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home PhQne 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sFor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"Don't fail to behere this week.Sensational shoevalues will beoffered.Sexisatiori.a.1 Sacrificeinn suiTfO-77" TINT TPTTLL BLAST!Come and seefor yourselfthese amazingshoe values thatgo in this sale!Offering to the shoe-buying public the greatest shoe values in many years. Once again Paris' Greatest Economy Shoe Store offersvou a grand opportunity to buy footwear of merit at unheard-of price-smashing reductions. This is a great shoe sale of tremendousmoney-saving possibilities. A pertect landslide oi super bargains, sucn as you iiaveu i awu mi xwxu j0 m0 SWu tuwu. juai unuwhat this Sale means to you! All the newest summer novelties in footwearSTRAPSSLIPPERS OXFORDSPlain and fancy styles in White Canvas, Patent Leathers, Tan Leathers, forevery member of the family to go in this startling Sale at sacrifice prices.Paris'GreatestShoeStorePAH COHEN' i-JiBMBjaMBII1W336 Main St.BmeKentucky -Wi &&' w "& v.Efto vviiA i1 "X. eV-y-.-N. J.aSw ' u' -$ " " t --.,&, i- J. V .vf ,tt'fTf Jrttst t5 "-x'Xiy V -til" r T r i ? y ' " . jr.. MMM M mm mam MMM MMMHHEBHEEHEpBESSXSSEESS&E&mj$0gmmtgm