"HiS, - O-THESv"i-e 4.k - tPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1922KmmBOURBONNEWS: , &'PAEIS ENTERTAINS EEMAEKA-BLE VISITORz-One of the most remarkable visitors Paris lias had for some time isj. F. Belland, who was here recently. Mr. Belland declares he isattached to the Hydro-ChautauquaBureau, which is affiliated with the.National Geographic Society. During his short stay here he attracteda great deal of attention, and wassurrounded by interested peopleasking him questions. He answeredintelligently every question askedhim on any subject, which he statedhe had a contract with his companyto do wherever he goesMr. Belland stated that he hadvisited every county seat in theUnited States except 154, and mostof the foreign countries. Nine yearsand five months ago, he said, hemapped out a schedule for touringthe world intensively in thirteenyears, to learn facts for his bureau.He stated that he had earned $218,000 in royalties already by articlesfurnished his bureau on every subject with which he has come in contact. In every town he visited he deposits thirteen cents in a bank andhas a postal mark stamped on apiece of cloth. Despite his extraordinary number of bank accounts,which, he stated, are more numerousthan any twenty corporations in theUnited States, he owns $27.10, dueto the depreciation of deposits inforeign banks.Only once was he ever refused apostmark on his piece of cloth "despite his letter of introduction fromthe Postmaster-General. When apostmaster in a Mississippi villagerefused his' request, he addressed apiece of cloth to himself, attached aone-cent stamp, placed the cloth inthe slot and asked for his mail. Thecloth was postmarked.His contract, he stated, is to makean intensive thirteen-year-tour ofthe world, earning his expense without begging, stealing or working,accepting only what people give himvoluntarily. His life is built aroundthe numeral "13" which, he declared, is connected with all outstanding careers and events in the world'shistory.NEW HOUSE FOB SALEREAL ESTATE DEALSit rrx i .The handsome liome or Mrs. LizzieM. Brown, of Latonia, located on"Winchester street, was sold privatelySaturday by Harris. Speakes & Harris,. Paris realtors, to Roy Skillman.of Paris, for a private price.A. E. and Walter Menton sold toSello and Harold Wollstein, of Paris,two cottages situated on Vine street,formerly owned by" Nich Nagle, for$3,400. The cottages were originally owned by the late James M.Thomas and sold by him to Rev.James L. Gorey, now of Covington.At the sale of the R.- B. Boardman lands, conducted by J. Elmer'Boardman, administrator, satisfactory prices were realized. Seventyacres sold to Oldham and RichardBoardman for $126 an acre, andtwenty acres to Robt. Berry for$157 an acre. At the same , placefollowing the Boardman sale,Ulysses Fleming purchased of T. J.Fleming his farm of 100 acres, at$132.50 anacre.Louis Taylor, of Bourbon county,purchased Saturday at the auctionsale held in front of the courthouse through the Harris, Speakes& Harris real estate agency, 141acres of land owned by Jesse M. Alverson and Julian Frank, for $140per acre. The property is knownas the Amos Turney farm, and islocated on the Maysville and Lexington turnpike, near New Foreststation, on the Maysville branch ofthe L. & N. Three, years ago thesame land was purchased by Mr.Alverson for $335 an acre. Thesale was conducted by AuctioneerGeorge D SpeakesoCITY TAXES DUE; POY UP NOWTHE CITY TAX LISTS HAVENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES AREDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMPANY.C. K. THOMAS,(13 tf Collector.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERSNEW 7-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.30URB0N LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnJUST SIXTEEN DAYS REMAININ WHICH TO PAY YOUR TAXES.COME A-RUNNING!BEN WOODFORD,Tax Commissioner Bourbon County?(10-tf)'THE PRIDE OF PARIS"A SPECIAL SALE.OF' 300 NEW FALL-"COATSTHAT ARRIVED SATURDAY ANDMONDAY AND WILL BE PLACED ONSPECIAL SALEALL THIS WEEKLustrosa Fashona Velverette VeronaPanvelaine Pandora Bolivia ScotchKnob Omdura Marmora Veldyne vBrown Nut Muffin Reindeer NavySorrento Blue ai$ BlackPlain or Trimmed with Furs as SquirrelWolf Platinum Fox Grey Wolf Blackand Fox Nutria Beaver and OpossumNEWS OF THE COURTSSIZES 14 TO 53PRICES$25 to $150 fp ;J;f8&DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKY'r"'"' At a special session of the Bourbou Circuit Court, Friday, JudgeJames C. Dedman. of Cynthiana,handed down an opinion in the caseof the Massie estate, sustained theclaim of the Miller heirs to one-halfof the estate formerly owned by W.W. Massie. It was announced thatthe decision would be appealed bythe Massie heirs, who claim the entire estate.The question came up before theCourt for decision as to whether theestate formerly owned by W. W.Massie is now owned by the heirs ofW. W. Massie only, or whether it isowned by the heirs of Wm. C. Massie, comprising his heirs on his father's stde and his heirs on hismother's side. Judge Dedman heldthat upon the death of Wm. C. Massie one-half of the estate passed tothe heirs-at law of Wm. C. Massieon his father's side, and the remaining one-half of the estate passed tothe heirs-at-law of Wm. C. Massieon his mother's side.Upon the death of W. W. Massie'sson, Wm. C. Massie, last winter, asuit was filed in the Bourbon Circuit Court, by the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., as guardianof Elizabeth Clarkseeking to selland divide the proceeds of the estateof W. W. Massie among his heirs-at-law.Later a suit was filed by Edward H. Ingels,.one of the heirs ofW. "W. Massie, to settle the estateand divide it among the heirs-at-law.Still later, James McClure, ofthe First National Bank, as administrator, through his attorneys, Talbott & Whitley, filed suit in theBourbon Circuit Court, claimingthat the estate formely owned by W.W. Massie had passed, not alone tothe heirs of Wm. C. Massie. but tothe heirs-at-law of Wm. C. Massieon his death. His heirs consisted oftwo sets, one on the side of his father, W. W. Massie, and the otheron the side of his mother, Mrs. AnnaE. Massie.The suit brought against theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company, of Paris, by J. W. Ward, ofCarlisle, was decided by Judge Dedman in favor of the warehouse company. Ward filed a suit claimingthat he was interested in the cropof tobacco which was sold at a profitby the warehouse company andsought judgment for about $1,500.which, he claimed, was the amount'of his interest Jn. the .profit on thstobacco. The warehouse company,through its attorneys, Talbott &Whitley, resisted the claim and theCourt sustained the contention ofthe warehouse company.Through his attorney, RaymondConnell,Of Paris, Edward Connell,of this city, filed suit in the Bourbon Circuit Court against BrinchMeinertz, of near Paris, for $5,000,alleged to have been sustained asdamages as the result of an accidentwhich occurred on the evening ofMay 17. at Tenth and Pleasantstreets, in Paris, when Meinertz accidentally struck Connel 1 with his,automobile, while Connell was walking in the middle of the street, itwas alleged. Connell was seriouslyinjured and was a patient at theMassie Memorial Hospital from May'until October.-A suit was filed in the office ofCircuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb by theParis City Board of Educationagainst the Paris Board of Council,to compel that body to pass an ordinance submitting to a vote of thepeople the question of issuing $50,000 worth of bonds to provide for anaddition to the City School building, the Council having previouslyrefused to comply with the requestof the Board for such submission.Following this action, at the specialmeeting of the City Council Fridaynight, the matter was again discussed, and being put to a vote, carriedby the vote of four to nothing,Councilmen Santen, Henry, Kenneyand Skillman being the only members present.Mrs. Nora Sosby filed suit in the'Court for absolute divorce from herhusband, Zora Sosby. In her petition Mrs. Sosby alleges that lastyear, under the name of RobertSousley, the defendant was tried ona forgery charge in the Cincinnaticourt, convicted and sentenced to aterm of from three to five years in'the Ohio penitentiary at Columbus.They were married in 1908, andhave four children.County Judge George Battertonappointed the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., as administratorof the estate of the late Mrs. Keith! Spears McClintock. The trust wasaccepted, and bond furnished in the'sum of $10,000. Woodford Spears,jwm. Myall and Jas. D. McClintockwere appointed appraisers of the estate.CITY TO CELEBRATE HALLOWE'ENThe Paris Commercial Club andthe local Community Service are cooperating in plans for one of thelargest and most unique Hallowe'neentertainments ever held in Paris orBourbon county. Mrs. J. C. Nickerson, of the Community Service, andSecretary Harold Harris, of the Commercial Club, are in charge of theplans.Prizes are to be offered for thehest Hallowe'en windows and for the(best Hallowe'en costumes. Wtth theuoeui vl mayor ju. jb. January,Main street, in front of the courthouse, is to be roped off on Hallowe'en night, Thursday, November30, and community dancing, with aband or orchestra for music, will beenjoyed by those in costume ormasked.The Community Service pjans tohave a grand march of the masqueraders, games and other amusementsfor those who do not dance, or whowould not care to dance. The entirecounty is invited to attend and helpto make the occasion a carefree,"merry ifrne, as everything will "befree. More definite announcementsof the plans will be made later bythe committee in charge of the arrangements. Everyone who is planning a private Hallowen'en party isrequested to arrange his or her pro-jgram sothat a part of the time maybe spent with the revelers at the bigdoings to be held on Hallowe'ennight."oL. & N. AND SHOPMEN JtfAKENEW AGREEMENTBASE BALLMaysville defeated Cynthiana inthe third of a series of postseason baseball games at Cynthiana,Saturday afternoon, by the score of2 to 0. The batteries were: ForCynthiana, Padgett and Barker; forMaysville, Miner and Connolly.The. game of baseball played atEscondida between the Escondidateam and the Railroaders resulted ina victory for the former by the scoreof 19 to 6.The following note appeared inthe sporting columns of a recentissue of the Sporting News:"J. Monroe Sweeney, sometime ofParis, Ky., the Texas League'syoungest umpire last season, mayhave a berth in the American loopnext season, according to Ira Thomasnew boss at Shreveport, La., who,while doing scout duty last season,recommended Sweeney to Ban Johnson. Sweeney is, of course, on thereserve list of the Texas League, andif the American League wants him,it will have to dicker with J. DoakRoberts for his services."Striking shopmen who return towork for the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad will be considered new employes so that men whb took thestrikers' places will not lose seniority rights, under the terms of anagreenment ratified by the Association of Maintainance of EquipmentEmployees and Company officials.The agreement provides for aneight-hour day; time and a half forovertime up to sixteen hours; observance of legal holidays; fortyeight hours notice of a reduction offorces or working hours; no workon Sundays or holidays unless essential to operation of the road; andthe right of appeal to higher officials by any workman disciplined byhis foreman.The United States Railroad Labor Board wage scale is incorporatedinto the agreement.oSATURDAY'S FOOTBALL RESULTS24; Centre40;Harvard University,College, 10.University of ' KentuckyGeorgetown 6. -Marysville 20; Transylvania 0.Louisville High 38; LexingtonHigh 0.Franklin 27; University of Louisville 6.Owensboro High 19; SturgisHigh 7.Louisville Manual High 14; Hopkins ville High 0.Madisonville High 13; ProvidenceHigh 0.Elizabethtown High 31; Anchorage High 0.TAXPAYERS NOTICEMaysville and Cynthiana hookedup Sunday afternoon in the finalgame of the Blue Grass League postseason championship series, Cynthiana won out in a gruelling swatting match by the close margin of4 to 3. Maysville having won themajority of games, will float the pennant of 1922 next season. Hurstpitched for Maysville, and Long forCynthiana. Only a small crowd attended.A. B. Richardson, fn the employof the Louis DesCognets Co., in theconstruction work in progress onSouth Main street, was struck bythe interurban car from Lexingtonat, eight o'clock Friday morning,sustaining severe injuries about thehead and body.Richardsin was clearing the railsto allow the car to pass whenstruck. He was removed to the officeof a nearby physician, where he wasgiven medical attention. His injuries were painful, but not serious."New Jersey Woman Used Telephone For First Time in FortyYears." reads a newspaper headline.That seems like a long time to waitfor a call even in these rushingdays.ALLEGED MOONSHINER PLACEDUNDER ARRESTSheriff M. Peale Collier, accompained by Deputy Sheriffs Robt. M.Gilkey and James M. Gibson, wemtto the vicinity of North" MlddletowmSaturday and placed under arrectMilton Eldridge, of North Middledletown, and his father-in-law, Iff.B. Fraley, of Montgomery coumty.Previous to the arrest they visited -thefarm where the men resided andfound buried in the garden, aboutthirty yards behind the kouse, ixteen quart jars and three half-gallonjars of moonshine whisky, and apple brandy. It was stated that Fraley came to the house late Friday afternoon. The men were brought toParis, "and the confiscated wet .goodstaken to the office of the Sheriff.At the trial, which was held before County Judge George Batterton,it was developed th'at Eldridge wasaway from home all day Friday andknew nothing of the arrival of thewhisky, and that he neither usedliquor or had the reputation of selling it, while Fraley, it was alleged,whoclaimed that he knew nothingof the whisky, and had a reputation,in that neighborhood of being abootlegger, testified that he had'just returned Friday from Rowancounty.The warrant against Eldridge. wasdismissed, but Fraley was fined $300and given a jail sentence of sixtydays. He took an appeal tn thecase to the higher court, furnishingUbond with W. A. Thomason, of neariNorin Miaaietown, as surety.LITTLE ROCK WINS BASKETBALL CONTESTThe Litlle Rock, ConsolidatedSchool won the basketball gameFriday against the Millersburg HighSchool team by the score of 20 to 15.The Millersburg girls' team defeatedthe Little Rock girls by the score of22 to 3. The games were played "outdoors at Little Rock before a largecrowd from both towns.NOTICE TO TAX PAYERS.THE TIME LIMIT IS GROWINGSHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IN THECOURT HOUSE AND LIST YOURTAXES.BEN WOODFORD,Tax Commissioner.TO AVOID ERRORS AND HISUNDERSTArTGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES FOR OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRUCTED TO DO SO.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.PEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON -AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)O !'SPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYSFRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSVoters who were absent from thecity on October 3, 1922, between thehours of 6:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. m.,or were sick on that day can registerat the County Clerk's office in thecourt house on Monday, October 30,Tuesday, October 31, and Wednesday," November 1.TOURISTS FLORIDA BOUNDNEW ENTRANCE TO CEMETERY.Work has been started toward,extending High street across Sixteenth street, through a lot ownedby the Paris Cemetery Company,making a High street entrance tothe Cemetery. The street is beingbuilt out qf the dirt which is beingj excavated from South Main streetduring the reconstruction work.Almost every day tourists, motoring to the congenial clime of Florida, pass through Paris, stopping inthe city a short time, to admire thecapital of Bourbon. One of the principal attractions for the tourists -isBourbois handsome court house.I The tourists come in all kinds of machines, with a large number of"Lizzies" in evidence. The annualtreck of Paris and Bourbon countypeople to Florida is also on, andsoon they will be in the "land offlowers," telling us backhome sojourners of, how delicious the climateis and pitying us for having to remain behiridand suffer -the- rigors ofwinter.,?iCoats That Flareand Coats That Don'tVariety that's what the new coats provide, andcertainly they are varied enough to make selection a source of pleasure. In styling and fabricthey provide for every need, and in trimmingah, there is where they excel themselves meeting every taste, be it simple or elaborate. Fabricsare lovely, prices are moderate what more canone ask?KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMJ-xzr-..- t-r" PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWSsttaUitfed 18PI 41 Years of Continuous Publicationifcjished Every Tuesday and Fridaytr Tear" $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.IWIFT .CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Xmtered at the Paris, Kentucky,-rPostoffie as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)0U TOEEiGN BEPRESENTA-:TiyES.jrJKtw York American Press AssojUtion. .Jhkag--LoTd & Thomas.'-Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale rAdv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoXbnisville Lowman-Hullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perCfcch for first time; 50 cents p'er inch-each subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blackJype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved'to decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political offices- must invariably be accompanied by--the cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.MTORIAL rtlNGSHog-killing days will soon come,The greasiest of the year;Backbones and spareribs very cheapAnd sausage very dear.Two negroes were in an earnestdiscussion at the corner of Main andEighth streets Friday noon. One-vvas telling the other some happenings of a domestic nature she hadwitnessed a,nd heard recently. Itseems a friend husband had beenabusing her . Said she: "Yes, indeed, dat man wuz throwin' epaulets;at me somefin' dreadful, jest scanda"lious." If the time consumed by men intrying to convince others that theyalone are right, might only be spentin the effort to be-right, what aneasy thing it would be to get thework of the world properly done.Apropos of the return of the long' skirt, a few hundred women's clubsin the United States have gone onrecord as declaring them dangerous.But what about the cessation of eyestrain? A balance ought to be struck-somewhere.A West Virginia girl has been arTested on the charge of horse stealing. She must be of the very old' fashioned type. A breach of promv ise suit against an aged millionairemight have been more to the point.VAn astronomer announces that the-universe is much larger than peopleliavebeen taught to believe, but noi body in Paris seems to be undulyexcited about it. Possibly, however,the information will be welcomedy the profiteers.Folks can't agree on everything,And tkat's a good thing, too,..Each individual must haveHis private point of view; "Kzood fishermen can understand'Without a mental fogtHow bass must squint at thingsSome different from a frog.Maintain a disposition of goodwill between you and your fellowworkers, and it will lighten the burden of a busy day. All that is necessary is a little thoughtfulness. A-warm temper will sour the milk ofliuman kindness in you and suppressthe spirit of cordiality in those.about you.A novelist who has business sensewrites a novel good enough to be literature or bad enough to be a bestseller, or turns to other means ofearning his bread and butter. Thenovelist who seeks merely to "ele--rate the " masses" by highbrowthoughts generally has somethingelse by way of earning his living.-Interurban Agent "Cooper" Davisays human nature is a funnything. Two weeks ago a petitionsigned by thirty-five Paris andBourbon county boys and girls at-teading schools in Lexington, waspresented to the Interurban officialsLt Lexington, asking that a car be-jmt on between Paris and Lexingtonleaving Paris at 6:30 a. m. Theyrstated that leaving Paris on latercom made, them late in arriving in"LiexiBgton for their classes. The4ri -- ,t icar aspuejos: at An expend VJV VE MHbVIabout $6.00 atrip. Exactly two pu- 1 IE IfllWUpils used the car three mornings, jand they quit. The car was takenoff. So "Cooper" says humans arequeer animals.Frostupon the pumpkinMeaning" pie, pie, pie,Is frost upon the garden sass,Meaning buy, buy, buy.The Paris boy who starts out in as they are presented to us, eitherlife with gloves and a cane is apt to casually or by force of some reminwind up with one suspender and no iscent strain of the moment. Andseat in his trousers. ' t0 those who lived here in the lnSm m ago the - recalling of events in the. , . . . , old days of Paris affords a peculiarShould you happen to be seated satIsfaction all its own. They, per.between a doctor and a lawyer, you naps more than we who haveare in a very dangerous position grown Used to .the old place, willfor it is either your money or your appreciate these items, taken- atlife! j random from a copy of THE BOUR-BON NEWS of Wednesday, NovemBeware of the man who returns 'ber 26, 1881:your borrowed umbrella promptlymore than likely he iS'looKing ror achance to do you in some other way,prooaoiy toucn you ior a nver or atenner.When a woman once pins herfaith to a certain doctor no machinewas ever invented strong enough toremove it, tnougn ne be tne liranaMogul of Scallawags of the Uni -verse- overcoats Saturday.I Eld. Taylor Sharrard is here sickIn 1921 there were 498 barrelsof with malarial fever.whisky in Bourbon county, valued , Hon chas 0ffutt win leave forat $29,800. This whisky has since Frankfort to-day." See his Sard anbeen moved out of the county. And 1ranc partnership with Mr.since then the crop of illicit stills ,on1 of-illo-ro aaama in T-o nn fho in.Many men have complained thatlife was so short that no one man .could acquire accurate knowledge ofmany things. But doubtless this iswell. It makes it necessary forevery man to depend upon othermen, and create a general partner-ship otherwise impossible'Plio "Rllffolr nlon rf ilnolinir -nritl-i, . , , . , , fomuLuribi wiiu unve wnen arunK isto fine them only $1, at the sametime putting them in jail ten daysana revoKing ineir license, mat isputting the right man off of thestreets at Buffalo. The pjan couldbe tried in Paris, Ky., with good results. Sinclair Lewis, who has written anovel in which he "pans" city folks,knows that small towns are greatmarkets for novels, and that afterhaving devoured "Main Street" witho wry face, the small-town readerwill go to "Babbitt" as if it were a 'Sam Clay highball in acontainer.cut glassThe Mayor of a nearbv Kentuckytown was somewhat puzzled recent-ly to know whether a prominent cept a lucrative position on a roadcitizen was drunk or "only had , in Colorado now offered him.esus Christ in his soul," as was ' John B- Northcott was here Satururged by some of his dear breth- day and owniS to bad weather, didren, so he gave him the benefit of a not meet many of nis delinquent tax'religious doubt, and fined him only debtors. He left receipts for both. 1 .J ... X x 11.. 1 1 J.one cent ana costs, "tor JesusSake."&fiikiHenry Santen, of the Power Grocery Co.. while working his trade inone of the mountain counties recently met a fellow-traveling man,who accepted his invitation -to accompany him to a restaurant for"chow." Santen ordered a substantial repast, while his friend orderedmilk toast. "What's the matter, f el-low?" asked Santen, "Are you on adiet?" "No," replied his friend,"Working on commission."There have been revivals wherehundreds of sinners have repentedaua emurau tu iaitu, uut itmams ror a uyntniana cnurcn tobreak the record. It is recordedthat at the Christian church therethree Millions were addedcongregation Thomas J.tO the.Million,Mrs. Million and Miss Million.We suppose the reason the average preacher prays for the Presi- ( Two Millersburg beauties a dedent, the Governor, the Mayor and cided brunette and blonds, who rethe missionaries and overlooks the cently visited Covington, from thisnewspaper man, regardless of the place, have the most prosperousfact that the newspaper man gets firm in the insurance business "deadmore anonymous letters in a weekr to rights." Dulaney being the owlthan all the rest of them put to- bachelor of the two, shows an exgether, is that he thinks the Lord treme partiality to Knight, whilewill have His hands full with the Wiggins ah, that gay deceiver,folks he's mentioned without ask- won't be consoled unless he gets theins: Him to do anything for the rosy-cheeked blondenewspaper man.It gives us particular satisfactionto congratulate the new BishopMaxon and the diocese in which hebecomes Coadjutor. If we know theright reverened gentleman as well aswe think we do we would be willing to wager that, having given aworking day to the necessary ceremonial, the pomp and circumstanceof his high office, he is now engagedputting In two licks for one andcatching up. At least that is the estimate of his energy entertained byParis people who know him.Extracts Rd Ink From Wood.From a species of Philippine woodChinese extract a red ink, stain, dytand paint color.THE BOURBONNEWS,PARIS,i nwriHWhen These Things Happened InParis, As Told in THENEWS' Eiles?DAYS OP AULD LANG SYNEThere's no denying that to mostof us there is a certain satisfactionin reviewing the events of long ago,In Paris Thursday, to the wife ofEemmett Dickson, a daughter first.Dorn-gam 0ffutt. of ParisV sold to Wm.France, of St. Louis, the trottingmare, Enchantress, 2:26 for therise of $6,000.- Col Bo stoner and Frank Champare qR on a big. bird hunt nearOwingsville. Taylor & Cosold thirty-sevenI Forrest Letton sold Alex McClincrease. . L , , ... , B ..- --iuuk iour ueuer caives 01 me loungMary and Phillis family, for $800,and $100 worth of Cotswolds.J. D. Burnaw. salesman of Bell.inier & Co was here Monday withthe largest stock of notion samplesever opened in our town. Jim isone of the boss drummers on theroadj Bourbon lost $5,000 worth of'sheep by dogs within the last twelvemonths. Are all the dogsin thestate worth that much?Gorge Tudor his son and twoother men have started afloat on afishing and hunting boat, fromMaysville to New Orleans. They willprobably "wind" a good many"horns" before arriving at their destination. Gen John B. Houston, a prominentlawyer of Lexington, died of heartdisease at Lexington last week, atthe age of 68. He was in attendance at Court, and had been ill several days.James Summers, formerly of theold Second Infantry, (C. S. A.) andior many years an engineer on theK. C. railroad, has resigned his po-sition on the iESight of the Mays-ville branch an will probably ac-,U1U a"u uew ie, at me uu.uk. iorcollection, and desires all delinquents to pay up.Samuel James. Sr., of the Headquarters precinct, has announcedhimself a candidate for jailer ofNicholas county. Sam is a thoroughDemocrat, died in the wool, an earnest party worker, and a man of unflinching nerve, and would make afirst class jailer.John Boulden gave us the lastrose the summer a lady Wash-ington, which bloomed out in theyard. We are told that violets arestill in full bloom in the pastures.O. P. Carter, the prince of blue-crrasn tnilrvrs. noiroT malroa miatalraajThe &oods wWch he handles are) M .SE-mW11IEic-:fine, and he can't afford to be reck-less J. W. Davis & Co. don't allowrecklessness.I. L. Munday left at this office alot nf riTJP npnohoa o-nrl naoro nf Visecond crop growth. The seeds ofthe peaches were very small andflat, but the fruit was otherwisewell developed, and. jucily delicious.W. H. Current makes the following announcement of change offirm: "Having purchased of Flowers & Batterton their- saloon onPleasant street, near the K. C. depotit will hereafter be conducted byMr. Arch Stout, who has had muchexperience in the business. He willseil John T. Redmon's 7-year-oldwhisky and the best wines, brandiesand tobacco to be had."Mrs. Grosjean, grand-aunt of J. G.and S. C. Allen, of Millersburg, who'died in Paris last week, was born in1796; and was widowed at the ageof nineteen and remained so until theday of her death. Her brother-in-law,a wealthy Frenchman, who lived at Cape Giradeau, Missouri,came all the way to Kentucky in afour-in-hand turn-out, and was con-.LdbdlEtyeying the young widojr to Lexington to introduce to a friend with thehope of making a match, when informed of the object refused to gofurther, and at once returned to herhome in Paris. Her father, JohnAllen, was the first Senatorial .Representative in the General Assembly, from Bourbon county, from1792 to 1795. Mrs. Grosjean bequeathed her property, amounting toabout $5,000, to her grand-niece,Mrs. Henry Rucker, Jr., save $500,which she allows J. G. Allen, forwinding up her estate.TO THE 'MEMBERS OF THE"SEWING CIRCLEOne does not have to read newspaper articles or, dissertations of experts in economics to get the drift ofthings under the new Fordney-Mc-Cumbertariff law. The law beingnow in Peration tne Questions asbUIUtJthe practical form which itsframers and supporters intended.It has already begun to yield its an-KENTUticipated ana desired practical re-;loyes the ..fruity taste of "Calisults. 'An advertisement published fornia Fig syrup" and it neverby an enterprising merchant at"faHS to open the bowels. A teaJohnstown, Pennsylvania, who ap-! spoonful to-day may prevent a sickpeals to his customers to patronize child to-morrow. If constipated,a special linen sale which offers thelast chance for the ladies of Johnstown to purchase linen's at pre-tariffprices makes this observation pertinent, and at the same time establishes the fact that this merchanthas a heart.The price of certain goods is givenat $10. The price which he will becompelled to charge as a result ofthe new tariff he statea will be$14.50. "Another article which heoffers at $3.75 win sell at $5.50when the new tax is added. He offers still another article at $4.50,which after the recent action of theRepublican Senate in giving theprofiteers their new boost inpro-tection," will be sold at $7. Thusa bill amounting to $18.25 forhousehold linen necessities will beincreased by $8.75 as soon as theprices imposed by the new tariffcome into vogue.We do not know the politics ofthis merchant. It makes no difference. Possibly, like thouands ofothers, he may be a Republican inname and a Democrat in fact, but itis perfectly clear that he knowswhat the effect the law is to be.The baneful consequences of its passage in taxing' the American homefor the benefit of monopoly is perfectly plain to him. That he proposes to give the women of his community the benefit of the brief period of lower prices is to his credit.This incident, theMesson of whichwill soon be learned in every community in the land, clinches the factthat we need a Democratic administration to provide a tariff law inwhich the interests of common folksare taken into consideration. Thepresent legislative monstrosity Democrats are pledged to wipe from thebooks. A good start for the goalwill be made by returning a Democratic House in November. Everyhome and every woman in Americais interested.SHINE DRINKING NOW BIGHEALTH PROBLEMThe wide-spread drinking of"moonshine" has become an important public health problem, J. H.Doran, head of the Industrial Alcohol and Chemical Division of theFederal Prohibition Commissioners-"office said before the pure food anddry section of the American puMfehealth association, in session: atCleveland, O.Analysis of Hicit liquors showthat the essential difference between"moonshine" and aged In woodwhiskies is in the aldehyde content,he said."The effects of the aldehydes- onthe human system appear to be veryharmful," Mr. Doran declared."These are eliminated only by fractioning in an alcohol drum or longageing in wooden barrels. Manyillicit liquors are found to containsalts of zinc and copper."Casual surveys of the press mustimpress anyone with the viciouscharacter of the illicit liquor. Itsuse is sufficiently widespread to become a matter that vitally concernsthe public health.", oADDING-MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.TWO MILLION PROM AUTOMOBILE TAXESThe State Road Fund has received2,121,164.96. from automobiletaxes during the year 1922, according to an announcement made by N.O. Gray, chief clerk of the automobile department.. - -STNature's Law.. 'Fiihei live in the sea, u men deland; theigreat onea eat up the littleones. ShakespearetLL:,.. iiVSil' Ain vi uuiiYour Child's Bowels Need"California Fig Syrup"';NTTnrrv m nth fir! "Rvpti a sick childbilious, feverish, fretful, has cold,'colic or if stomach is sour, tonguecoated, breath bad, remember a goodcleansing of-the little bowels is often all that is necessary.Ask your druggist for genuine"California Fig Syrup" which hasdirections for babies and children ofall ages printed on bottle. Mother!Tou must say "California" or -youmay get an imitation fig syrup.(adv-T)REDUCTION SHOWN IN CROPLOSSESCrops generally suffered loss inprospective production during Sep-temper, out tne narvests win Dei . i . . .i.larger than they were last year, exceut in the case of corn, buckwheat,sugar beets and peanuts.Preliminary estimates and forecasts of production, announced bythe department of agriculture showed a reduction as compared with amonth ago of 25,000,000 bushels ofoats, 21,000,000 bushels of corn,8,000,000 bushels of spring wheat,16,000,000 bushels of peanuts, 5,000,000 bushels of white potatoes,2,S00,000 "bushels of sweet potatoesand 2,900,000 bushels of apples.There were increases, however,in the forecasts of tobacco, barley,buckwheat, rice and beans.Nebraska's corn crop sufferedmost, showing a reduction of about13,000,000 bushels from a monthago.FOR SALE.Pure-bred Duroc-Jersey boars forsale at reasonable prices.WM. K. DUDLEY,R. F. D. 1, Hutchison, KfCumb. Phone 3 3 3-J.(20-3t)Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Richard Strother, deceased, are hereby requested to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersigned'Administrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said Richard Strother, arehereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make fiulland prompt settlement of such, indebtedness. NEWTON STROTHER,Administrator of Richard Strotier.(10-lmo)DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICKECONOMICAL4& f"H-:.iWe HandleElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Oa& HeaterAll Sizea. and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W.MAIN STREET'tiiiiiiimiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiim mm MiniTUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1123WANTEDFurnished apartment of two orthree rooms, with bath, close in.Refined couple, without children.CallC. L. CHASE,at Shire & Fithian's Store.(octl7-20)FORSAtEAn A-l fresh Jersey Cow; also afew choice Rhode Island Red pullets. MRS. O. C. HEDGES,X20-tf) Cumb. Phone 253.t? tifINTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10? 05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4i05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.1Q:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Pari6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. a6:00 p. m!7: 0 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c;- Ticket Tare, 54 c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inQuantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTI0NHINAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TS-Plant This FallFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrapt VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the most complete nursery book ever issued inthe South. It is free for the asking.H. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsBLUE GEASS NUESEEIES,Lexington, Kentucky.BRIGHTEREVENINGSJust HistoryIn 7iThe Colonial BantSpun her clothBy Candle Same.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light3PAnd later en,How tint does fatsHer horn was litBy flickering Gat,But tie girl of te-ekyWho wants her host feigit,Jut presses a fcattemAnd has Eleetrit lightParis Gas & Electric Co.(IncocioratW)! ii m i4 i ,i flg.gfrfrAll Kinds ofNovelties iISPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEM-L.U- ltsST: fcrsivj. r-- --W -'P' ?; s-W-V,1- 324tJsJAr-fc-t r -. ... t i-zz -r - , j??.' -. i '-.vrj. , -A-- :: -, . ;,.. - - ,- - - . ---TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1922THE BOURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKl " " "- '"ijp-PAGEi ii-MILLERS1Interesting News Items From Bourbon County's College TownMrs. Richard Huffman and lit-t'e daughter, Ethel Louise, are visiting in Cincinnati.Ir. and Mrs. Clarence Rice, ofJacksonville, 111., are guests of Mr.and Mrs. J. F. Jefferson.Rev. R. C. Evans, of Morehead,was the guest Sunday of his parents.3Ir. and Mrs. Albert Evans.Mr. Graham Boston left Monday for Lexington to enter the Fugazzi College of BusinessMr. and Mrs. Holton Ball, ofLexington, were guests Sunday ofMr. and Mrs. P. E. Hurst.Mr. Eugene Nutter, of Louisville, was week-end guest of his parents. Rev. G. W. Nutter and Mrs.Nutter.Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt andchildren, Misses Elizabeth and Lucile and James, were guests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. Ves Chanslor,in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Bonar spentSunday with their daughters, MissesBernice and Dorothy, at Universityof Kentucky, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Forrest Miller anddaughter, Edith, Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Davis, and son, William, ofNicholasville, were guests Sunday ofMillersburg College, and Rev. G. W.Nutter and Mrs. Nutter.The protracted service at theChristian church will continue thisweek. Rev. Sellers is an attractivespeaker and his messages are appreciated by large audiences at eachservice. Mr. C. Martin, soloist andchoir director, with the assistanceof our local musical talent, givesmusic of especial attraction.Mrs. M. C. Grimes will be hostess to the Twentieth Century Club,Thursday. October 26. Program:Roll Call; "Theatre in the Open,"Mrs. W. M. Miller; "The Pageant,Its History and Development," MissElizabeth Miller; "The Passion PlayAs I Saw It," Miss Olive Fisher;Round Table; Discussion on thePassion Play; Music, Miss VirginiaShanklin.Miss Elizabeth Miller entertained Friday afternoon in honor ofMiss Levina Layson, the bride-elect.A social hour was spent in hemming towels for the bride's kitchen.The guests were then invited intothe dining room, which was softlylighted with pink and white candles. A delicious two-course lunchwas served. The ices and cakeswere pink and white roses. Therewere 30 guests present.NOW IS THE BEST TIMENow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou.. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. MULE HAS HANDLED 100,000BARRELS RUMBeck, grey mule, 28, credited withhaving pulley-lifted 100,000 barrelsto ricks at the M, M. Dowling distillery, at Lawrenceburg, is to be retired because there are no more bartels to be ricked. She has claimedlocal note for reasons other thanthat she has handled more whiskyprobably than any living animal.For years before prohibition, shewas known for two marked eccentricities. When the whistle wouldblow for dinner, Beck would stopdead in her tracks, and wouldn'tpull a pound more until fed. Thenthe whistle stopped, but the muleshowed every day the superhumansense of knowledge when twelveo'clock came and continued to stopshort. Another eccentricity is thathe has never abided a driver. Aplank is placed at the point she isto stop, and when she reaches it shebraces for the tow-over, and then iobeys the command to "ease up."Beck believes in a short day and itis said that her remarkable automatic service ends as abruptly andas stubbornly at 5 o'clock as itpauses at noon.PROTECTION PROMISED LOYAL ;GROWERSAssurance" of protection to the floyal members of the Burley To-j Arthur B. Hancock, of Claibornebacco Growers' Co-operative Associa- Farm, Paris, who, with his wife andtion from contract breakers, ware- J daughter, has been in England sevhouse men encouraging contract . eral weeks, has purchased the folbreakers and from other forces, was lowing five yearlings, which are nowgiven the tobacco growers of Shelby I en route to this country:county Saturday, in .an address by Bay colt by Friar Marcus PalJames C. Stone, president and gen-.oma by Cyllene.eral manager of the Burley Associa-j Chestnut colt by Corcyra Santion, who spoke to a large crowd at tol's Sweetheart, by Santol.the court house in Shelbyville. Bay colt by Volta Parakeet, byPresident Stone also rendered an ,account of stewardship on the part ofthe officials of the association. Hedeclared that but for the formationof the association they would havereceived probably no more for theircrop last year than they receivedfor their crop of 1920, said thatmost of the outside growers admit-ted that this wasjxue, and urged Spears Mill school house to-morrowthem all to "be good sports now ! (Wednesday) night. Pies, ice creamand some, on intothe association J and cakes will be -served. The puband, let's make itunanimous ." hlic is "cordially invited to attend.PAEIS PLAYER LEABSTHT 'BATTING HONOBSTo Maples, right fielder of theParis Mammoths, one of the late arrivals in. the Blue -GiasSu "League,falls the nominal leadership in thebatting average leadership in thebatting average column forjhe season. The Paris clean-up man closedthe season with a percentage of .326in seventeen games. Hod Eller, Mt.Sterling manager, for thirteengames, was runner-up with an average of .413.For players who went through thewhole season from April to October,however, Class, the Maysville star,grabbed the highest honors 'with apercentage of .333. Class was theslugging star of the season, leadingthe league in home runs, triplets,total bases and runs. He had 14circuit clouts to his credit and his 79hits amounted to 150 total bases.Harry Bell, first of Maysville andthen of Winchester, finished theyear with a remarkable hittingstreak and closed with a mark of.329 in the last few days to hiscredit.Rorer, of Cynthiana, played inmore games than any other playerin the league 65 missing onlyonecontest during the year, and finished with an average of .318. He had261 times at bat. heading -this column, and also leading in hits.Deveraux, whose hectic careertook him into the line-upsof threeclubs, led in stolen bases, with atotal of 23. He was easily the bestbaserunner in the league, scoring56 runs, one for each game. Classscored 58 times, also one run foreach game,Charley Ellis, veteran of a BlueGrass League which was somewhatmore peaceful, at least than thisone, led in two-base hits with seventeen and was runner-up" in homeruns with -nine.CLASSICAL ASSOCIATIONHERE IN 1923MEETSThe Classical Association of Kentucky, under whose auspices theKentucky Latin tournament is annually held, officially notified theParis High School that the association had accepted the invitationoffered by the Paris High School forjthe 1923 meeting of the tournament.This tournament is one of themost important 'educational meetingsheld in Kentucky next year. Representatives from all the largerHigh Schools in the State will behere. Miss Lucille Harbold, head ofhe department of Latin, will havecharge of the arrangements for themeeting. Mr. Harold Harris, Secretary of the Commercial Club, willplan some special features of entertainment for this group of Kentuckystudents.The "Parisian Oracle," a paperpublished by the Paris High SchoolLatin club, will issue a special issueto be known as the "TournamentEdition.".The date for the 1923 tournamenthas been set for Friday, May 11,and Saturday, May 12.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self. again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Act ive Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium."Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oABE RENICKJS HOME DESTROY-4ED BY FIREThe handsome home of Hon.Abram Ttenick, on 'the VanMeterpike, near Winchester, was destroyed by fire of unknown origin, latej Friday afternoon. Practically none0f the household goods was saved,Mr. Renick had spent a large sum of'money on the place recently install-ling a heating and lighting system.The members of the family werein Winchester when notified of thehouse being on fire. The estimateof the loss and the insurance couldnot be 4earned.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANHANCOCK BUYS YEARLINGS INENGLANDGreenback.Chestnut filly by White EagleOrris, by Orby.Whimsical, br. f. by Brilliant Jester Eastern Beauty, by Valens.oBOX SUPPERA box supper will be given at thePERSONALSJeff McCabe has returned toParis from a. visit to G. W. Purcelland family, in Ewing.Mrs. Maggie Morford has returned to her home in Ewing aftera visit to Paris relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Squire Lucas have'returned from a visit to their sons,T. J. and R. W. Lucas, at Richmond,Indiana.Miss Margaret Trisler spent theweek-end in Danville, as a guest ofRev. and Mrs. John J. Rice, andMiss Suedell Rice.Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Ferguson,of Minneapolis, Minn., are guests ofMr. and Mrs. D. G. Taylor and otherrelatives in the county.Lee Deaver has returned fromHughton, Saskatchewan, Canada,where he spent the summer on theranche of Spears & Sons.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Pricewere in Louisville Friday wherethey attended the wedding of Mrs.Price's cousin, Mr. D. A. Sachs.Mrs. Taylor Mathers Has returned to her home in 'Carlisle after a visit at the home of Miss Lillie Williams, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Theodore Butler, who hasbeen very ill for some time at herhome on Bank Row, is improving,and reported as being out of danger.Miss Luna Duffey has returnedto her home in Cincinnati, after avisit of several days to her mother,Mrs. Lucy Duffey, on Link avenue.Louis Margolen, just returnedfrom Canada, has gone to Cincinnati where he will take a positionwith the John Kauffman PackingCompany.Miss Marie Colliver, of Paris,who is attending the University ofKentucky, at Lexington, spent theweek-end as guest of Miss ElizabethStewart, at Georgetown College.Friday will be Navy Day, andall should bear in mind this greatestablishment of the nation, and thefine men in the service, and remember them with praise and "applause.Among those from out-of-townwho atttended the funeral of MrsKeith Spears McClintock, Friday afternoon were Mr. and Mrs. WillGiltner, Mr. and Mrs. Arch Paxtonhnd George Weeks, of Lexington.Hamer J. Mercheldon, of Augusta, Maine, a former member ofthe Dr. Barrow Hospital Unit No.40, during the world war, was a visitor in Paris Friday, as guest ofDouglas Clay.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr and Mrs.Hugh Montgomery were visitorsFriday to. Mrs. J. O. Evans, who isimproving at the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexfhgton, following arecent operation.Mrs. J. H. Comer has returnedfrom Rochester, Minn., where shehas been under treatment at theMayo Bros.' Hospital, for the pastsix weeks. She was accompaniedhome by Dr. Comer.Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mannand daughter, Mrs. Howard B. Carr,are visiting Mr. Mann's brother, E.M. Mann, and Mrs. Mann, at TerreHaute, Indiana. They will be goneabout ten dayr, and will stay part ofthe time at West Baden Springs.The Senior and Junior Christian Endeavors of the Paris Presbyterian church will give a Hallowe'enparty in the church parlors on Friday night, October 27, from 7:45 to10:00 o'clock. Active and honorarymembers are invited and expected.Misses Olivia Orr and SarahPower, of Paris, attended the District meeting of the Methodistchurch, -held in Lexington, Fridayafternoon. Miss Orr is Treasurer inthe Conference and Miss Power isSuperintendent of Children's Work.Mrs. Lizzie M. Brown, of Latonia, formerly of Paris, and 'her little grandson, Harry Gordon Locknane, have returned from a threeweeks' visit with her brother, Ernest A. Morrow and family, of Hutch'ison, at their summer cottage atFremont Lake, in Michigan.Hamilton College notes: "MissesLucy and Matilda Ferguson, Rebeccaand Gay Payne, and Ann CaywoodTalbott, Nell Clay and Mary Lettonall of Paris, spent the week-endwith their parents, in Paris ....Miss Thelma Hamilton spent theweek-end in Paris as guest of MissMary Ellis"The following from Paris andBourbon county, were guests Saturday at the silver wedding celebration of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. HoffmanWood, in Mt. Sterling: H. C. Whaley, Mrs. Princess Duvall, Miss SaraElizabeth Whaley, Dr. and Mrs. Harry E. Mathers, Misses Lena and Sallie Whaley. Paris; Mr. and Mrs. E.B. Allen, North Middletown; MissNell Whaley, now of Atlanta, Ga.The Senior and Junior Endeavor Societies of the Paris Presbyterian church 'will give a Hollowe'en party in the church parlorson Friday evening, October 27, from7:45 to 10:0()T The active and honorary members are invited. The invitations are accompanied with thefollowing, catchy couplet:"Come masked as a cowboy or Injun,A maid, a witch or a king;Bo-Peep, Uncle Sam or a gypsy,A ghost, or any old thing."The regular .weekly meeting ofthe Millersburg Twentieth CenturyClub will be held Thursday afternoon, with Mrs. Mack Grimes hostess. The following program will beobserved: Roll call; "The Theatrein The Open," Mrs. W. M.-Miller;"The -Pageant, Its History and Development," Miss Elizabeth Miller;1"The Passion Play As I'Saw It,"Miss Olive Fisher'; Round Table;-Discussion or r,TnTePassfdn' Play;"Music, Miss Virginia Shanklin.Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock, ofParis, was a recent visitir in Richmond. Duncan Bell, of Ford & Co., isat French Lick Springs, Indiana, fora-ten-days' stay.Henry Hopkins has returned tohis home in Alabama, after a visitto relatives near Paris.Morris Price, of Philadelphia,was a recent guest of his brother,Lee Price, and Mrs. Price, in thiscity, vRev. T. E. Ennis, who filled thepulpit at the Paris Baptist church,was called to Lagrange to conductthe funeral of Mrs. WPv. Smith.Mrs. Lou Rogers and Miss Carrie Rogers, of Georgetown, areguests of Mrs. Maggie Rogers McClintock, at her apartments in theRobneel flat.The members of the Little RockLadies' Aid Society will present aPlay, "Clubbing A Husband," in theLittle Rock school building on Friday night, October 27.Mrs. Maggie Rogers McClintockhas returned to her home in theRobneel flat' after spending five'weeks as guest of her .aunt. Mrs.Bettie Bedford, in the country.Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Kerner,newly-weds, of Frankfort, wereguests several days the past week ofthe groom's sister, Mrs. C. R. Parrent, at their home on Houston avenue.The Music Department of theBourbon County Woman's Club willhold their regular meeting to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon, at 2; 45o'clock, in the ClubTooms, in theMasonic Temple.The following invitations havebeen issued: "The Alumni Association of Transylvania College invitesyou to join them in welcoming President and Mrs. A. D. Harmon, Friday, October 27, 1922, MorrisonChapel, 8:00 p. m."Mrs. William Crimm, of David'sFork, Fayette county, recently underwent an operation at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,and is improving nicely. Mrs. Crimmis a daughter of Mrs. Anna Hagan,of Clintonville, and a niece of W. T.Talbott, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Victor Corbin andchildren, of Butler, who have beenspending a few days with Mrs. Corbin's parents, Mr. and Mrs. EdwinThomason, at Little Rock, have goneto Deland, Florida, where Dr. Corbin will open an office for the practice of his profession.Miss Lucy Blythe Simms, ofParis, was the principal speaker at aspecial meeting of the Mt. SterlingWoman's Club, her subject being"Public Institutions of Kentucky."The social hour which followed completed a very pleasant afternoon.Refreshments were served.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Curtishave returned to their home in Carlisle from Frankfort, where Mr.Curtis has been in a hospital sincelast Tuesday. He was taken ill atShelbyville, while attending the Masonic dedication. Mr. Curtis is abrother of Henry C. Curtis, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5 JI0CA1 MOVIE HOUSES TO HAVEGOOD BELLSLila Lee and Lois Wilson, two of,the most prominent screen leadingwomen, again do excellent teamwork in the cast of "Is Matrimony aFailure?" a new Paramount specialcomedy directed by James Cruze,showing at - the Alamo and Grandjthis (Tuesday) afternoon and night.Misses Wilson and Lee have each, played many notable leads, oppositeParamount stars, such as Wallace.Reid, Thomas Meighan, Jack Holt,and others, and have appeared to! advantage' i;i several all-star pro-jductions of Cecil B. deMille, WilliamdeMille and other producers. Thisjis not the first time that the twoleading women have worked togeth-jer in the same picture. They willbe recalled as the two wives inWilliam deMille's production, "Midsummer Madness."-A story straight from the heart ofeternal motherhood is "The GrimComedian," Goldwin's production ofRita Weiman's first screen story,which comes to the Alamo and theGrand to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon and evening. It will awaken an answering chord in the heartof every person who sees it, man,woman or child. Phoebe Hunt and'Jack Holt have the leading roles.' Vera Gordon and Dore Davidson'again play a Jewish mother and father in another Fannie Hurst story'"The Good Provider," which will b"e.seen Thursday afternoon and evenling at the Alamo and Grand. Thisnew photoplay tells the story of afather who strives, always uncomplaining, to bring happiness to hisfamily. It makes clear how oftenthe father is misunderstood, but asMr. Borzage has directed it, PapaBinswanger's career is developed tothe accompaniment of many heartylaughs.' Others in the splendid cast are:.Miriam Battista, Vivienne Osborne,William (Buster) Collier, Jr., andJohn Roche.o! USEES OF ADDING MACHINES1! ' For your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of tne best addingmachine rolli and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. This' it a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintlMK.V - THE BOURBON JOGWS.COAL! COAL!A Coal Yard has been opened at Eighth and Hight Streets. We can supply your wants on short notice.See us before making contracts. ReasonabIejrices.lily Gem Coal Co.C. W. RUSSELL, ManagerStuart & O'Brien's Old YardCumberland Phone 1246beBe Independent!The way to become independent is to save a PART ofthe money you earn and deposit it REGULARLY in thebank. Saving money will encourage you to work harder.Industry insures promotion and higher pay. While you aresaving your money and when you go into business you willneed a bank and we invite you to come in and see us.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany?Place Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsBourbonLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY GLEANINGt 1 1 l"M''M''I''I"r'M"I "I"GEORGEUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay (Night1 37 99JSSt"I"'4"M'l"i?Change ofYour plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without bur service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph CoIncorporatedGNurseriesR. DAVISthe Season!i.4Kh-1-.-.3ifaryi1iHJfto-n;jj- IKK-H" r i-- - -.- , -s v - rz. -' i -- ; s-"-4p-. Jmk:I-,".1,-j- --ii'JSiiir .;TT80. THE BOURBON NEWS, foARIS, KENTUCKYf JTUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1922, vPAGE FOURHONOE BOLL OF THE KISEBTONSCHOOLThe following is the Septemberhonor roll of the Kiserton School, ofwhich Miss Minnie S. Kiser isteacher:Grade II James Burden, 90;Grade III Lettie Vanhook, 90;Helen Burden, 90; Mary Cordray,91; Grade IV Harvey Cordray, 94;Raymond "Vanhook, 93; MildredFightmaster, 91; Mamie Vanhook,92; Anna Belle Klungs, 92; GradeV Bettie Florence. 90.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)HFTY-FIVE YEARS IN PRINTINGBUSINESSFifty-five years ago yesterdayCharles W. Fothegill made his entry into the newspaper business as"devil" in the office of the old ParisTrue Kentuckian, then under theguiding hands of the late Col. Johna. Craddock. Mr. Fothergill is nowthe oldest printer in Paris with arecord that is unique.Outside of the local printshopsMr. Fothergill has never seen the inside of another printing office, andwith the exception of a trip to Cincinnati about thirty-five years agoon one of the first excursions run toCincinnati by the L. & N., has neverbeen further away from Paris thanLexington, and then he wanted toget back as soon as possible. Hehas been a member of the Odd Fellows lodge for thirty-six years andhas served as -outside guard of thatorder for the past twenty-five years.He has never worked a day at histrade in any other town or office.Although Mr. Fothergill is now inhis sixty-fifth year, he is hale andhearty, and is able to hold his ownThe lowest prices in the market wjth the stick and rule with any ofon house furnishinss. No matter Viio vnimppr associates in the print-how long or how far you look you jng business. 'He was busy yesterwon't find prices as low as these. aay receiving and acknowledgingSome are actually below the cost of congratulations, and some sympathy,production to-day. Jersey Knit from his friends and associates, whoGloves, 25c -value at 15c a pair; have long known him as "Dean ofCrepe Paper Napkins 50 for 10c, one the profession.". .. , , i.i inunarea tor &c, excellent quaniy,Glass Lilly Bulb Bowls, 19cp BirdSeed, 1 box 19c; Butcher Knives,buuu quaiii,.Bj,cw o.u . 6-6uj The Executive Committee of the15c: Chair Seats, all sizes. Cake , Kentucky Press Aassociation hasPan's, all sizes; Foot Tubs in gray. shown good judgment in selecting, .-v IRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles For iTesent andFuture , - .STATE OSTEOPATHS ELECT NEWOFFICERSTHE FAIRFOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAYPRESS ASSOCIATION MEETING. .., . .,enamel, blue and white and allwhite, all sizes; Brooms, good 65cBroom, special 59c; Lamp Chimneys,to fit any lamp, special 10c; Alumi-'num Dippers, regular price 25c;special 14c; Gas Globes 8c; GasGlobes 8c; Gas Mantels 8c; RoundFrosted Electric Lamps 25 and 40watt, Tungsten and Mazda Lamps,from 25 to 100 Watts, Rag Mantels.Gas or Gasoline, No. 1 grade, each15c; Nickel Plated Cofee Pots, 2-qt.59c, 3-qt. 69c, 4-qt. 79c; NickelPlated Aluminum Tea Kettles, allsizes, $1.84 and up; Grate Fendersfor grates and stoves, Wagner WareCorn Stick Pans, 59 c.THE FAIRthe middle of January instead of thelast week in December for the midwinter meeting. The close of December and the first week in January, when the meetings have heretofore been held, are the busiest periods of a publisher's year if he givesindividual attention to his .affairs,and it has been impossible for anumber of publishers to leave theirbusiness. The meeting at Louisvillethis winter sshould have a largelyincreased attendance.oFleeter Than Wings of Truth.A lie has no logs and cannot stand,but It has wings and can fly far andwide. W. Wai burton.MISSESCHILDRENS GIRLSI INFANTSFALL COATSsA selection of Fabrics Colorsand Shades surpassing anything ever shown$5.00 to $25.00T7VP&1DKDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYThe Ladies Missionary Societyof the Spears Mill church held aninteresting meeting Sunday night atsix o'clock. A branch of the BaptistYoung Peoples Union was organizedwith a good membership.Dr. George Ragland, one of themost prominent educators andchurch workers in Kentucky, whohas been secured to succeed theRev. J. W. Porter as pastor of theFirst Baptist church of Lexington,is expected to arrive about the firstof the year to take up his new duties. The First Baptist church ofwhich he is to become pastor inJanuary has been without a pastorfor several months, Dr. Porter having signed in the spring to acceptthe pastorate of a Louisville church.There will be a fifteen-minuteprayer meeting Wednesday aftelnoon at the George R. Davis undertaking offices. This is the first ofa series of these down-town prayermeetings in the interest of the revival which will begin Sunday, October 29, at the Presbyterian church.Dr. J. Ernest Thacker, evengelist,and Mr. T. B. Roddy, song leader.Hev. W. E. Ellis, of the Christianchurch, will lead this prayer meeting. It will begin promtly at 3 p.m.f ana close promptly at s:&. itwill be informal, and all of the menof the town who can possibly leavetheir work for fifteen minutes areinvited to come and join in thisprayer service. The second of theseries will be held in Linville's ShoeStore Thursday afternoon at 3 p. m.oCOLLEGE BOYS PLAY QUEERPRANKSDr. T. W. Posev. of BowlingGreen, was elected president of theKentucky Osteopathic Society at theclosing session of its convention Saturday at the Hotel Henry Waiterson, in Louisvilleelected include: Vice president, Dr.Minnie Faulk, of Lexington; secretary and treasurer, Dr. Philip Cary,of Louisville, who was re-elected;executive committee, Dr. H. H. Carter, of Shelby ville; Dr. Ella Shifflett, of Louisville; Dr. Carl J. Johnson, of Louisville: Dr. Frank A.Collyer, of Louisville; Dr. E. W.Patterson, of Louisville, and Dr. G.B. Waller, of Louisville; delegate tothe National Convention of- theAmerican Osteopathic Society, Dr.J. Marvin Coffman, of Owingsboro,and alternate delegate, Dr. MarthaPetree, of Paris. Ky.Saturday's sessions were addressesby Dr. A. B. Johnson, of Louisville;Dr. W. A. Schwab, of Chicago, Dr.Evelyn Bush, of Louisville, and Dr.E. W. Pattersqn.The delegates were entertained ata. banquet Saturday night at thehotel.Say, suppose a wasp should stingyou in the faceand a bumblebee inthp rpar at. the sump time. wouldOther officeralyou adaiperelreat or go up in theair? Answer quick.LAST BREEDERS' MEETINGThe next and in all probabilitythe last breeders' meeting of the season, held in Lexington will be givenat the K. T H. B. Association track,at ''Lexington, Wednesday, October25. A large number of horses areexpected to start, with the probability that there will be several additions to the 2:10 list.Pedestrians were shocked at thesight of two fashionably dressed females shooting pool in a Main streetbilliard parlor in Winchester. Acomplaint phoned into police headquarters brought "Patrolman Tarpy,who gave the offenders the once overand quickly decided they handledtheir cues too familiarly to be genuine flappers. Closer inspectionproved them to be college boys outfor a lark. They were loaded intoa taxi and chased back to school.oCITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW!THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMPANY. C. K. THOMAS,(13 tf , Collector.oLIVESTOCK TRANSACTIONSCharles Struble, of Ohio, purchased of Catesbyand Chenault Woodford, 130 head of 1,400-lb. cattle atprices ranging from 9 to 9 cents,for immediate shipment.The highest price paid this seasonin Bourbon county for fat cattle wasrealized in a deal made last weekwhen D. G. Taylor sold to W. S.Haggard 44 head of 1,450-lb. cornfed cattle at $9.50 straight. Thepurchase was made for Graves.Nave & Co., of Indianapolis, Ind.Mr. Haggard also purchased ofFrank M. Clay eighteen grass fedcattle, about 1,400-lbs. each, at$8.50.WALLACE REID HAVING OCULARTROUBLE nTurkeys Wanted!Highest cash price paid for turkeys, geese, ducks,chickens, game, eggs, and all other country produce.We charge no commission, we buy exclusively; writefor prices.Coops and cases furnished to our shippers.THE BUCKEYE PRODUCE' CO.,. Inc.Ill EAST FRONT ST. CINCINNATI, OHIOw"THE BANK OF SERVICE"FOR YOURSUCCESSConsult this bank whenever you needexperienced advice or counsel on sBusiness ventures-Credits- fTrade conditionsShort term or pLong time investments '' Any information we have is yours for- the asking without obligation.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co,Paris, - - Kentucky, CAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS.$165,000.00 v1Tti serious illness which has attacked Wallace Reid, motion pictureactor, and which previously was notgiven a definite term, is an ocularone, it was stated by representatives of his employers.It is known as "kleig eyes," andis similiar to snow blindness, it issaid. Reid was recently given a vacation of three weeks because liiseyes troubled him. Then he workedone day in artificial light and hiseyes became so tired that another,layoff of two weeks was grantedhim. Now his eyes are said to bein worse condition than ever.The picture upon which he wasworking will have a new hero, it issaid.KACING COMMISSION FAVORSHENDERSON MEETINGA meeting of the Kentucky StateRacing Commission was held in theclub house at Latonia on Saturday.. The dates sought by the Green RiverJockey dlub at Dade Park, Henjderson, Ky., embracing ten days,'from November 8- to November 18,(were approved, as were the officialsI for that meeting. There are C. W.J Hay, Andrew G. Leonard and Sam(C. Nuckols, Jr.,v stewards; JuliusReeder and Malcolm MacFarlan.I placing judges; A. B. Dade, starter,land Quin Cogar, patrol judge.Reeder also will serve as clerk of thescales, while McFarlan will act asracing secretaryWONDER WHAT IT WAS?Morris Leveritz was fined $1 aword by a New York magistrate fora five-word remark he was chargedwith, having made in reference t.nMiss Gladys Edwards when a strongwma was Diowing-in Central Park.rOOT BALLThe Game of the Season! The Home-Co ming Game!Help Swell the Crowd to 2,000!ST. XAVIERof Louisvillevs-PARIS Ml SCHOOLSaturday, Oct. 28thThe Paris High School Alumni Association is making big preparations fcr the St. Xaviergame, and a crowd of 2,000 or more is expected to witness this game. This is the firsttime in the history of local foot ball that a Louisville school has visited Paris and the contest should prove a drawing card. See posters for further particulars.NOVEMBER 3rd, AT PARISFt. Thomas vs. Paris High School3 P. M.-HANCOCK FIELDv f in isI - SffluIT- T 1 11i1hKPi'4i illi - H'ilHI -. (EiSIImm i hWhat a WalshH H H M b H 4I I H IPI HWill Do for YouVtQofb&It shows you that you have good taste;that you take pride in your clothesand that you value your personalappearance. .Showing the Walsh label means you havethe last word "in an overcoat, in style, fitand fabric.Taking everything into consideration, thisis the overcoat store of the town. Leadingstyle masters have designed our modelsfabrics are woven by world-famed weaver patterns and coloring sare as from anartist's brush.We'll be glad to show you our overcoatsif you'll drop in to-day.,PRICES RANGE FROM$15.00to $52.50See Window Display of OvercoatsR. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Home Phone 448Cumb. Phone 806ii-rVI iv. -J.'.-. ,,TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY.vywff'gii' J 'It i m i 1. U" "jm'iw."" i - PAfE WWfey"GIFTS THAT LAST"NEW SORGHUMPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some TonKnow and Others' YonDon't.n-o luive just opened a barrel ofnew country sorghum. You should'have some. Phone us your oraer.C. P. COOK & CO.NEW SEED CEOPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)oTOOT BAIL NOTESThe Millersburg Military Institutefootball team defeated the VersaillesHigh School team in the game atMttlersburg Friday afternon by ascore of 14 to 6. The M. M. I. gridders secured their touchdowns inthe third and fourth quarters.oDUST BLAMED POR EPIDEMICCOLDSDust, resulting from the longestdrouth in local history, is' blamedfor an epidemic of peculiar "colds"affecting hundreds of Paris people.It is asserted that the dust cloudssettle on the mucus membranes ofthe nose, throat and lungs producing a species of "cold" peculiarlyannoying and uncomfortable.SPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYSThe nicest courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends isto let them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item of anykind. Telephone it to No.124.(Other Personals on Page 3)ALLEGED HQUOR SELLER MUSTPROVE INNOCENCEMr. and Mrs. Warren Stoner, ofMemphis, Tenn., are visiting relatives in Bourbon and Montgomerycounties.Mrs. Charles Colmesnil, of Chicago, formerly Miss Anna Nejson, ofWinchester, is the attractive guestof Mrs. Fielding Rogers, at herhome near Paris.Rev. Hal Spears will return today to his home in Louisiana. JacobSpears will remain for a longer visitbefore returning to his homeinBrooklyn, N. Y.Mrs. Spears Moore was called toCincinnati yesterday to be with hersister, Mrs. J. W. Wise, who continues quite ill in the Good SamaritanHospital, in that city.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, wasvnfpr4 who were absent from the m vxeui 5luwii last mgiiL, wnere necity on October 3, 1922, between the addressed the meeting of the Bluehours of 6:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. m., vxldBS flru sue on me suu,. wwo Ip1t tw fiv mn rpri- 1 3ect, "The Work of The Local ChapVII n"V jv, w. .m,w J xw. wo-ter at the County Clerk's office inthe court house on Monday, October 30. Tuesday, October 31, andTi"Wednesday, November 1.oD. A. R. CONFERENCEAn important event this weekwill be the State Conference of theD. A. R., which will be held at theLafayette Hotel, in Lexington, on"Wednesday and Thursday. Mrs."William Rhodes, State Regent, willpreside. An extensive and entertaining program will be carried out.Mrs. Charlton Alexander! ofParis, is a member of the Committeeon Rules and Regulations. MissesMary May and Elizabeth Lilleston,of Paris, will be two of the eighteenpages who will be in attendance atthe conference.SPECIAL JUDGE FOR BOURBONCIRCUIT COURTter.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Bryan, L. C.Bryan and Mrs. Logan Bryan, ofNorth Middletown, and W. T. Bryan,of Paris, attended the funeral andburial of Charles Talbott, in Winchester.Gov. Edwin Morrow has desigaied Judge James C. Dedman, of Cynthiana, as Special Judge to presideat the, November term of the Bourbon Circuit Court. The appointment was made in response to a request presentedby a committee fromthe Bourbon bar, composed of Robt.C. Talbott, John J. Williams and O.T. Hinton. Judge Robt. Lee Stoutis sick in California, and will beunable to preside.. The term beginson November 13.GIRLS HURT IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTCharged with driving an automo1'ile while intoxicated Everett English was arrested 'Saturday afternoonby Chief of Police Link and Patrolman Robt. Lusk and taken to jail.About four o'clock, 'English, whowas accompanied by Mary Suggs, ofParis, and Elsie Knox, of Carlisle,was driving up High street. At thecorner of Tenth street lie lost control of the machine, which ran onthe sidewalk, striking the side of astable, and badly damaging the car.Both women received severe bruises.English became abusive when questioned by the officers, and was takento jail. vEnglish was given a hearing before Police Judge Ernest Martinyesterday morning, on the charge.He entered a plea of guilty, and wasassessed $20 and costs, which hepaid, and was released from custody.Mrs. Ormond Somerville, ofMontgomery, Alabama, who hasbeen the guest of her sister, Mrs. J.T. Vansant, at her home on Pleasantstreet, for several weeks, returnedto her "home to-day."Elm Spring," the handsomecountry home of Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr. on the Georgetown road, nearParis, was the scene Thursday of adelightful dinner-bridge, given bythe hostess as a courtesy to Mrs.Wm. L. Yerkes, of Pasadena, Cali., aformer resident of Paris. Tha homewas beautifully decorated with fallflowers, and in the dining room thecenter piece was a basket of yellow.grysanthemums. On each of the in-"dtvidual tables was a bud vase, holding Columbia rosebuds. A deliciousluncheon was served, consisting ofa salad and meat course, ices andindividual' cakes, yellow bonbonsarid nuts, the place cards having amotif of the Hallowe'en emblems.The guest prize, a box of stationery,was presented to Mrs. Yerkes. Theladies' prize for the highest scorewag won by Mrs. Laura Wiggins,and the gentleman's prize by BrooKSWoodford. The two consolationprizes, for which all drew, -went toMr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford-, Jr.The guests for the day were: Mrs.W. L. Yerkes, Henry May, Mr. andMrs. Ben Woodford, Mr. and Mrs.Brooks Woodford, Mr. and Mrs. Jas.Woodford, Sr., Mrs. Alexander Duke,Mrs. Laura Wiggins, Mr. and Mrs.Warren Rogers, Mr. and Mrs. E. M.Dickson, Mrs. Fielding Rogers, Mrs.T. C. Hinkle, Mr. and Mrs. John W.Yerkels, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Clay,Judge .and .Mrs. Denis Dundon, Mr",and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, Mrs. Aylette Buckner, Mr. and Mrs. J. L.Dodge, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Wornall,Mr. and Mrs. J. -M. Hall, Mr. andMrs. Jesse Turney, Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.. Judge and Mrs. H. ClayHoward, Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. Talbott, Dr. and Mrs. C. G. Daugherty,Mrs. Colmesnil, of Chicago; JohnWiggins, Mrs. Hugh Montgomery,Mrs. Evelyn BuckFrank P. Clay.(Other Personals on Page 3)In cases involving the question Ofwhether liquor is sold in accordance with -the law for medical orsacramental purposes or whether itis disposed of by the "bootleg" routethe burden of proof rests with thealleged seller and not with the commonwealth, the court of appealsheld Friday in affirming the fineand sentence imposed on PaulSmith in the Daviess Circuit Courton a charge pf violating the prohibition law.The commonwealth does not haveto prove that the liquor was notsold for sacramental, medicinal, scientific or mechanical purposes, butit devolves upon the seller to showthat he had proper authority to sellfor the purposes allowed in the prohibition law. The fact that the indictment alleges that the seller disposes of liquor for other than sacramental, medicinal or mechanicalpurposes does not affect the issuerthe court held.Smith was indicted on a charge ofunlawfully selling 'liquor -in his softdrink stand. He was convicted andfined $200 and given a jail sentenceof 30 days. He appealed the case onthe ground that the commonwealthfailed to prove, as it alleged in theindictment, that the liquor was notsold for sacramental, medicinal,scientific or mechanical purposes.The opinion was handed down byChief Justice Rollin Hurt.GARDEN CLUB ELECTS OFFICERSFOR 1923At the recent meeting of theBourbon County Garden Club withMrs. Charles G. Daugherty as hostess, at her home on Pleasant street,the following new officers wereelected to serve for 1923:President, Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.;First Vice-President, Mrs. FrederickA. Wallis, Second Vice-President;Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., ThirdVice-President; Mrs. Simms Wilson;Secretary, Mrs. Edward 'Spears;Treasurer, Mrs. Watson "Judy; Auditor, Mrs. George W. Stuart; Librarian, Mrs. Duncan Bell.Mrs. B. M. Renick was awardedthe first prize for having won thelargest number of ribbons on displays made at the meetings held in1922.-o-GAS MAIN BROKENDON'T PUT IT OFFThe Paris fire department wascalled out .Friday afternoon to extinguish a fire on a" gas line, whichhad been broken "by the steam shovelbeing used by the Des Cognets Company, in reconstruction work onSouth Main street. No damage other than breaking the pipe was done.Traffic on Main street was blockedfor some time.. oSPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYSVoters who were absent from thecity on October 3, 1922, betweenthe hours of 6:00 a. m. and 9:30 p.m., or were sick on that day canregister at the County Clerk's officein the court house on Monday, October 30, Tuesday, October 31, andWednesday. November 1.FOR SALEOne handsome oak dining roomtable with twelve chairs.MRS. JAS. S. WILSON,(It) ITS Houston avenueLOSTOn pike between Winchester andParis, a roll of sample scissors marked Binghams' Best Brand. Reward'of $10 if returned to NEWS office.' (It)BOURBON FARM CONDITIONSOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be dis-annointer". Tf vnn -wnif-. until laterthe one you want may be sold out. is curing up nicely ana most ul uuo. - ill 1. .!.. V.rtrriTi ofTl-n-Farmers are busy shucking andcribbing corn at this time of theyear, and the corn crop is practicallythe only one needing attention atnresent. The tobacco in the barnsCome in, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS ' JOB DEPARTMENT. oCHANGES OF LOCATIONJohn J. Connelley is making preparations for moving his stock andequipment to the new businesshouse on Seventh street, recentlycompleted. The new home will bean up-to-date one in every respect.The office of the Paris CommercialClub and the Lexington Herald'sbranch office will be moved to thenew office building on Eighth streetrapidly approaching completion,George W. Stuart, the owner, wiHalso have offices in the new building.The Gibson Motor Co. is blossoming out like the rose, in its handsome and very attractive new front,which adds very much to the appearance of the building. The newfront is of pressed brick, glass andiron, and iUll shelter an attractiveshow room and office for the firm,NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Mollie Rice, deceased, are requested to leave themwith Mr. S. E. Bedford at PeoplesDeposit Bank & Trust Co., properlyproven as required by law. All persons knowing themselves indebted tothe estate of Mrs. Mollie Rice, deceased, are likewise requested to callon the undersigned administratorsand settle same promptly.W. T. BRYAN,LOGAN BRYAN,JAMES C. BRYAN,Admrs. Estate of Mrs. Mollie Rice.(24oct-4t-T)MIND READING ISEASY NOWWe know you are thinking aboutWARM CLOTHINGthese cool days. WE HAVE IT!UNION SUITS FOR MEN '$1.00 to $3.00WE'RE AGENTS FOR THAT GOOD MUNSINGWEARBOYS' UNION SUITS75c to $1.50rvAN OVERCOATFeels mighty good, and we have the biggest stock andbest values to be found anywhere.$15.00 up ,OTHER NECESSARY ACCESSORIES, TOOLEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE5'v:Have a Look!growers will be ready to begin stripping the weed in about two weeks.. Some of the crops have shown anunusual greenness of the tips, whichwas probably caused by the earlycutting season forced by the latesummer drouth, when the crop wasplaced in the barn to avoid burningup in the Held. A few scatteredgrowers have already begun stripping, but most of the farmers feelthere is no need for rushing thework. I LADIES' AND MISSES' TND CfflLThere have been but few rams ot --,, qTTTTq rnAT GTTTRTqany consequence, and moisture is, DEMI b bUllb, UUAlb, bKlitlb,badly needed. Ponds and streams BLOUSES, MILLINERY, BEYare very low, and stock water very pnrvn ornrc WWscarce. Pastures, however, are look- GOODS, SILKS, ETC.ihg very well. ;We Have the Ladies' Home Journal!Hog killing will begin in the .next, patterns ttwo or three weeks, but most farm-, ' 'f4-- -vrmli- until of loacf TlO- Iera prej-tji iu nau um m, i.uU1, - (cember 1, rather than take a chanceof having the meat spoiled.Practically , all seeding has beencompleted and the wheat is comingup. The crop is looking good andisthick: on the ground.-.The Pullman Gives You an Extra RoomWithout Increasing Your RentTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTIECorner Seventh and Main Streets 'v PARIS KY "TVERY family needs extra sleeping quarters in the home in case ofemergency, unexpected visitors come; a nurse may oe necessaryin any home at any time; you may wish friends to remain overnight or to week-end with you; you may wish to accommodate afriend or good neighbor for a night or two; the man of the family may. wish a business friend remain over night, whatever the emergency oroccasion may be, a Pullman provides the extra sleeping quarters.Some families may want to rent out a room because of present high rents.Some families may he moving into smaller apartments with fewer sleep- -ing roo;ns these are but SOME of the reasons for the immense popu: lanty of the "Pullman, "- " Here is an opportunity to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport Bed 'that matches up with other furnishings in your home. You can get thesame designs, the same woods (mahogany, walnut or oak), the same comfort that you get in the finest stationary davenports.Here is a beautiful living room piece of furniture that is "as handsome asthe finest davenport, as comfortable as the best bed" one that givesdouble, or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture at the price ofone. .THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor invalid Coach UndertakingK--!.- "Mt xH- nm-ft- K--'hV 5 t.r-rIV $ . --v '"XV--,,r PAGJSQ T-tfUUiaKi " S geaasuafeUliHWITHE BOUQIjrWS,,, PARIS, KENTUCKY.iinnw ' w jt ' yTUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1922.! r --' v - -WHY THIS JWQBB?, DEABLftDIESVRE & CLEM PLANA resolution calling upon President Harding to order discontinuance of war games as not being "in-harmony wife, the spirit which promotes good will," was adopted bythe Pennsylvania branch of the Women's International league forPeace.Dear ladles why?Can your servant use a vacuumcleaner if she be not trained in itshandling, Can you cook a goodmeal without practice to learn how?Can you make a home withoutknowledge?How,, can an army be worth anything to a country if it be nottrained?If, indeed, your convictions arethat this country needs no soldiers,that it should scrap every gun, putevery soldier to making roads orhoeing the fields, there are nonewill quarrel with your right to offersuch resolutions in your meetings,though there will be many who willdisagree with your conclusions.But to admit that we need anarmy, and yet . resolve that weshould not train it; to agree thatarmed bodies of men are requiredfor protection, for police duty, forthe throwing of that mantle of lawand peace about our citizenship,which is the guarantee of the Government to us all in the enjoymentof life, liberty, and the pursuit ofhappiness, and then to say thatthese who are our gardians cannot be trained without violation ofthe "spirit which promotes goodwill." is not to impress those wholisten to you with your good senseor your vision.President George Washington, whowas "first in peace," when peacewas possible, said:"There is nothing so likely to produce' peace 'as to be well preparedto meet the enemy.' I think itwould be right for us to hold fortbrat least every appearance of preparation and vigor, and really to dowhat our abilities and the circumstances of our finance may well justify." Let us have peace, indeed. Butlet us not have the foolish peace of-ignorance and folly, but the mightypeace of a strong people, protectedwith trained men against the enemies of society, of national security,of God.NEW LIVE CHURCHCalls All-Russian Conclave to Decide the Fate of. Orthodoxy.HER RHEUMATISMIT-IK HIDISAPPEAREDTAX LAW IN DANGERCORNSLift Off with FingersA P ffm hIlk rTO GET CLOSER TO' MASSES"Doesn't, murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, suffircient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)PEOPLE DEPEND ON ELECTRICITY.The National Electric Light Association has compiled figures showing that in 1921 there were 5,845electric light and power companiesin this country, of which 3,662were piivately owned. The privately own4. companies have 1,600.000 stockholders. They served14,467 communities. They carriedon their pay rolls more than 250,000 employes. Their investmentwas $4,600,000,000 and their grossincome was $933,950,000. Thesecompanies supplied about S, 467, 000customers producing more than 98per cent of the total amount of electrie energy generated that year.oNEWSPAPER PLANT DAMAGEDBY EIREFire, originating in the rearroom containing the plant's metalmelting pot, gutted the composingroom of the Messenger, Madisonville's daily newspaper, shortly before noon Friday. The loss is estimated at several thousand dollars indisplay type, motors and other machinery. Its battey of type settingmachines, however, was saved by theprompt arrival of the fire department, whichJthe owners aid savedthe plant from destruction.New Movement Is Against 8upporterof Old Byzantine Church 8erviceWhich Demands Splendor inAll Its Glory.Moscow. The "Bed clergy," led bya group of young men, held its firstcongress here early in August anddiscussed plans to establish a new"live church." It was contended thatthe church must be brought nearer tothe masses, and that the "new church"should be as "simple and as humbleas was Christ himself."The aims of the "Red clergy," socalled because of its acknowledgmentof the social revolution and the sovietInternationale, include liquidation ofthe superiority of, the regular clergyIn Russian church affairs, doing awaywith the reactionary section of higherclergy who, it is claimed, are stillhoping for a coup d'etat to sweep theminto power again, and preparation ofan all-Russian conclave at which asuccessor to Patriarch TIchon is to be,elected. . - rOrthodoxy in Split.The "Red clergy" group, headed byArchbishop Antonin and a number ofyoung Moscow and Petrograd clergymen, came into existence as a resultof a split among the Russian Orthodoxclergy, brought about soon after confiscation of ' church treasures wasstarted by soviet government officials.Because of the opposition which developed among the ruling church authorities, a number of the clergy wereprosecuted in various parts of Russia,even Patriarch Tichon himself havingbeen placed on trial. Many sentencesof death were imposed, some of whichwere carried into effect, and variousother archbishops, bishops and clergymen were given jail sentences.Realizing that the conflict betweenthe state and the church threatenedthe very existence of the church itself, the group of young clergymentook the initiative and demanded theabdication of Patriarch TIchon. Thepatriarch yielded to. the demands, andimmediately afterward the movementof the rtllve church" was inaugurated. Oppose Splendid Service.The new movement, first of all, isagainst supporters of the old Byzantine church service which demandssplendor in all its glory. It is contended that the costly miters of goldstudded with Jewels, the magnificentvestments, the priceless rugs, are toosignificant of aristocracy."In all this splendor," claim theyoung clergymen, "little room Is leftfor the light of Christ's mercy andlove." The church must be broughtnearer to the' masses it should be"proletarized." And it i9 on thesegrounds that the "Red clergy" haverecognized the revolution, its results,and the internationale.The live church- proposed also toclear the churches and parish councilsof counter revolutionary clergy andto" remove the vow of celibacy for bishops.The successful treatment of rheumatism by taking Tanlac is one ofthe outstanding features of that remarkable medicine. Thousands ofpeople everywhere have testifiedthat it has brought them completerelief from this torturous disease.Mrs. M. Hickey, of- 1313 .Milburnavenue, Toledo, Ohio, says:"For seven years I was in a veryweak, run-down condition, but myworst trouble was rheumatism,which was so bad I could hardlywalk. Tanlac built up my wholesystem wonderfully and I hardly notice any rheumatic pains any more;in fact, I feel better than I havein years."When the digestive system, liverand kidneys are not working properly, uric acid and other impuritiesaccumulate in the muscles andjoints, causing rheumatism. TanlacJquickly overcomes this condition byenabling the vital organs to performtheir functions properly. Get a bottle to-day, at any good druggist.LOGGING LOST ARTCARRY BABES2,400 MILESMan and Wife in Long, Weary Walkin Fruitless Search forEmployment.Rochester, Minn. Completing aweary walk of 2,400 miles carryingtwo babies with them. Mr. and Mrs.L. C. Tofte of Tidewater, Ore., plodded into Rochester on what he saidhas been a hunt for a job. They didnot find work here and Tofte, disconsolate and rather forlorn, says he willagain start out with his family.Tofte says they started from Oregon in May while he was out of a job,crossed the Cascade and the Rockymountains and found no work. Hesays Mrs. Tofte sometimes faintedfrom exhaustion, but they stuck to-thetrail steadily."I've had some jobs along the way,"said Tofte, "but it's been a toughstruggle, and I don't know where Itwill end up. " Well, let's go," he finished, speaking to his wife. He swungone of the children upon his shoulder,where the lad had ridden for hundredsof miles and with Mrs. Tofte and theother child following he set out on anew hunt for work.Cop Retires, Burns Uniform.New York. "Here goes all my hardluck," s:iid Patrolman James J. Donahue of the Third Jeisey City precinct,as he took off his uniform, poured kerosene over it, lit it and cast the bundleinto a field near the Isolation hospital,uhere he bad been stationed for thelast few years. This episode markedthe retirement of Donahue, after 20years' police duty.Dog Picks Up Dollar Bill.Gettysburg, Pa. William Zinkand.-who resides along the Lincoln highwaynear here, has a valuable dog whichhe has trained to pick up objects.Recently as the dog was walkingalong the road it found a dollar bill.Picking itup the animal brought thepapermoney to the Zinkand residenceand hud it on the porch.Compared with a dozen yearsago Kentucky streams furnish astrong object" lesson of the denudedcondition of the State's forests andthe profligate waste of timber.Even then the rivers and smallerstreams in the timber sections werefilled with logs waiting for the tideto transport them to the mills, butnow log tides may come and go buttow timber rafts ride them.The paucity of logs in the streamsat the present time does not signifythat the forests are being preservedand the timber tracts unexploited,but that most of the available timber has been cut down and no effortmade to replenish the supply. As aresult- of such a short-sighted policy'practically all of the timber adjacent to the waterways has been felled and sawed up, leaving foresttracts only in remote and practically inaccessible regions where timbercutting would not pay.In the logging days that for themost part are now past and gonearise in the rivers and their tributaries occasion great activities in thetimber sections. In some cases therivers were jammed with logs frombank to bank for many miles, butthe expert raftsmen rarely failed toland their cargoes at the mills inthe lower rivers. Sometimes the lografts were, started prematurely bysudden freshets and thousands ofvaluable logs were lost in this way.Kentucky is now devoting someattention to intelligent and systematic forest and timber conservation,but it will be many years beforelogging as an industry will approachthe extent to which it was carriedon up to a comparatively few yearsago.: oWOMEN'S WOESParis Women Are Finding Relief atLastIt doesseem that women havemore than a fair share of the achesand pains that afflict humanity;they must "keep up," must attendto duties in spite of constantly aching backs, or headaches, dizzy spells,bearing-down pains; they muststoop over, when to stoop meanstorture. They must walk and bendand work with racking pains andmany aches from kidneys ills. Keeping the kidneys well has sparedthousands of women much misery.Read of a remedy for kidneys on,lythat is endorsed by people youknow.Mrs. J. R. Moore,, 133 E. Eighthstreet, Paris, sys: "I was in badshape with my kidneys. My backnearly killed me with pain. Therewas a steady, dull ache just overmy kidneys and I was weak andmiserable. I often had to let myhousework go undone and I got sodizzy, black specks came before myeyes. My feet and ankles swelled. Idoctored for a time, but got no relief until I began using Doan's Kidney Pills. My health was greatlyimproved in a short time and twoboxes cured me. It is a pleasure forme to recommend Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Moore had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., 'Buffalo, N. Y.oThouants Afer Forty.A man's wife is dependable. Getshim off to work In the morning. Giveshim a kiss. Makes him wear his overshoes M necessary. Xou wouldn'twant to be married to a vamp.Louisville Courier-Journal.Ever since the present State taxlaw went into effect five years agoand completely revolutionized andmodernized the taxing system, ofKentucky, there hasbeen some opposition on the part of the" agricultural class to its workings. Failingto weaken the law in the Legislature, the opposition now has resorted to a novel plan to attack the lawtend render it importent and the outcome is being watched with interestall over the State.Under the law the State Tax Commission is empowered to make arbitrary assessments in counties failing or refusing to increase the localassessments to the figures fixed bythe commission. This was done ina number of counties over the protest of the local taxing officials,and, in Barren and Union countiesindividual farmers brought suit toset their revised assessments aside.In every case tried these actionswere decided against the State taxing body, which will take the casesthrough the higher courts to a finaladjudication. If individual taxpayers can successfully resist and setaside the mandates of the State TaxCommission in the matter of an arbitrary raise, a hole will be knocked-in the law big enough to drive a haywagon through and impair the efficiency of the system as it was construed in 1917. jSince its adoption the Legislaturehas declined to tinker with the taxlaw, largely on the ground that itshould have a fair trial before any'attempt is made to rip up its provisions or adjust any apparent inequalities. In their warfare on the taxlaw its opponents now refer to it altogether as the "High Tax" law a 'term that is potent to become troub- jlesome for the friends of the presentsystem.oKLAN WIZARD INDICTED"2WRKLEiiifUHl"WSA2SSrJuicy Fruit, Peppermintand Spearmint are certainlythree delightful flavors tochoose fromAnd WRIGLEY'S P-K thenew sugar-coated peppermint gum, is also a greattreat for your sweet toothuAll are from the Wrigleyfactories where 'perfectionis the ruleE. Y. Clarke, imperial wizard protern of the Knights of the Ku KluxjKlan, was indicted by the UnitedStates grand jury at Atlanta, Ga.,on charges of "using the mails to .exact schemes to defraud." He wasreleased on bond of $500.The charges against Mr. Clarke,who announced his resignation as jpro-tempore head of the Klan totake effect November 10, are based,according to the true bill renderedby the grand jury, on alleged useof the mails in collecting moneyfrom certain members, subordinateofficers and employes of the KuKlux Klan on the pretense thatthat such moneys would be used 'topay premiums to surety companiesSave thewrappersGood forvaluablepremiumsWMGUEYSrac PERFECT GUM rXUC31?furnishing bonds formen.these klans--o-"COLD IN i, , HEAD"is an acute 'attack oi .ubai Catarrh.Those subject to fieyuunt "colds in thehead" will find that ne use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE ill build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts .through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio.GET YOUR BULBS NOW!We .are displaying the most conn lete assortment wehave ever had. The same high grade we use for ourown cut flower growing. Don't fail to investigate before buying.JOHN CHRISTMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Both PhonesLow Visibility.An American has invented a wireless receiving set which fits into afinger ring. We await with interestthe annoiinceirent that another American has imented one which is onlyvisible through a microscope. ThePassing Show (London).Try Us With That Next Job!Anything LJ LJ I I I (1 DeliveredAny Time I II I I X I I I X Jl On TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTARMI HE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 ofjoan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit. Bank,North Middletown.Kentucky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Bldg. -Lexington, Ky.oANS?STONE BURIAL VAULTSSi one Burial Vaults are Nature's own material. No rust, no decay' Endure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERY CO,Paris, Kentucky1h?- j -i. i- - VrrTJESDAY, OCTOBER 2i, If tla ivr-" i iWfl&IWH- --x-gy- THRjaQCTHOW .SOWS,SAY "BAYER" when you buy AspirinUnless you see the name "Bayer"on package or on tablets you arenot getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians overtwenty-two years and proved safeby millions for colds, headache,earache, neuralgia, lumbago, rheumatism, neuritis, and for pain ingeneral. Accept only "Bayer"package, which contains" proper directions. Handy boxes of twelvetablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell bottles of 24 and 100.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)"" 4JAZZ HITS COUNTY FAIRlacking in the county fair of to-day,and the reunion nature of the eventKentucky no longer appeals as it did whenTAP HST-PINE FOREST THRIFT HABIT RuPULARggg ' ii mBsmmfmmammmJftWis, vKSNurocgY ,;rr,i4g -1--Great Tract in Oregon to Be LaidUnder the Axe.Average of More Than One Savings Account for Every'FamiryTWill B Cut in Rotation so Its TimberWill Never Qlve Out-When LastUnit It Cut Firet Will Be Readyfor Cutting Again.Washington. ihe last great tractof untouched pine timber in the Unit-'ed State .Is soon, to be tapped.Behind the announcement of theforest service regarding the proposed 'saje of timber in the Malheur Nationalforest, Ore., says a statement by theNational Lumber Manufacturers association! lumbermen see the last opportunity for their trade to deal witha virgin pine forest of great extent,and the last opportunity for the settler to take possession of a region remote from railways and markets andvirtually unused agriculturally."The opening for sale of the timberof the Bear Valley unit of the MalheurNational Forest," says the statement,"affects 890,000,000 feet of the greatBlue mountains forests now, andmeans the beginning of the lumberingof the entire forest withMts more than7,000,000,000 feet of timber. To beginIn most respects thecounty fair of the present day is a neraly everybody that went to the. Wet or timber -o regmdistinct metamorphosis of the old- fair wore a linen duster and reveled) Z'Z US V V en ,U1SI x.x .. .. . T i j, ,. m necessary to build about 80 miles oftime institution that was eagerly in the dust. The change may be, maln line raIlwaY besldes tep nelooked forward to as the principal required by modern demands, but it WhiCh will open for settlement anyearly event of its locality. Now has been at the expense of good f el-1 agricultural country with area of 10,-tlie county fair has to take on a lowship and interest in those thingsmore jazzy character as a public at- for which the county fair was origtraction, that would have been inated.scouted a score of years ago. I oThen the county fair was first and SCIENTISTS 'FIND STONE WEITforemost a fine stock show, a horti- INGrS IN IRELANDcultural and agricultural exnioitiand a display of woman's handi-jwork and culinary achievements,enmo nf the fairs of that day nut on.. hw to rtiiv Strangford Lough, neara racmji uiu i u... .. w...... rfinr.iinpd but the show rings adThe site of one of theChristian monasteries inhas been found at MaheeearliestIrelandIsland,Belfast.The ruins have been identified ascompetition in other "exhibits were those of Nendrum Monastery, men-the principal attractions that drew "onea m muircnas i,iie oi oi.the people from every section of the Patrick," written before 699 A. D.. I Extensive excavations have beencounty. ......Now a county fair that makes J"1 out and valuable material,any pretentions to being progressive including some stones with writingmust put on a hazardous feat or two .the exact meaning of which has notand provide noisy carnival attrac- Tet been ascertained have been untlons, beside often permitting the ethed. Some of the writings areoperation of all sorts of devices to.lieved to be of Danish origin,separate the unweary from their' In Gede'sEcclesiastical History"monev. Without such attractions it is recorded that in 634 Pope Honmost "county fairs would be consid- orius wrote to certain bishops of theered obsolete and out of date?The old-time social feature also is troversy and Pelagian heresy, andone of the Bishops mentioned in thisof000 square miles."While this ancient forest is doomedthe terms are such that the successionof its sylvan posterity .is secure.Though the timber now offered forsale by the forest service Is sufficientonly . to keep a moderate sized millrunning continuously for twenty yearsthe service will at the end of thattime open up another unit and eventually 7,000,000,000 feet of timber willbe available. It is reckoned that bythe time the last unit Is cut over thefirst one will be ready for cuttingagain. -"The agricultural development to ensue upon the lumbering "activities,which will employ hundreds of men,and the necessary railway building,will demonstrate the policy of usingthe national forests as an adjunct ofthe general progress and welfare ofadjacent regions. According to theforecast of the forest service therewill be at least one logging and lumbering unit that will never have tomove on to find new forests, at leastIrish Church about the Paschal con- one sawmill town, which will neverdie for lacK or material ior its m-Reports to Bankers' Association GlvsPartial-Data for Year Ended June- 30, 1921 Total Amount Exceeds $16,600,000,000.New York. An average of morethan one savings account for every family in the United States is indicatedIn partial data for the country, compiled by the savings bank division ofthe American Bankers association, revealing more than 20,600,000 savingsdepositors. In addition, there are atleast 10,000,000 other owners of savings accounts of varied forms whosenumbers cannot be reduced to definitefigures.The summary .follows:"Complete data is practically impossible to obtain under .present statistical conditions in regard to savings. But even with all figures lacking for the thousands of state-charteredbanks which accept savings inIllinois, Missouri and twenty-threeother states, and the District of Columbia, and with only the mutual savings banks out of all the state banksand trust companies In Indiana, Ohioand New Jersey included, the numberof savings accounts reported by thefederal and state supervisors of banksreached a total of 26,637,831 on June30, 1921, which is the only date forwhich the statistics are available. Thefigures are made as follows:Mutual saving banks (17 States).. 9,654,989Other State banks fl3 States) .... 6.1S0.237'Trust companies (8 States) 2,713,808Private banks (New York only) .. " 72,961National banks (all States) 8,015,735letter is Cromous, BishopNen-TYPEWRITERSA Few Used Coronas AtVery Attractive PricesWE ALSO OFFER ALLMAKES OF USED LARGETYPEWRITERSAt$12.50upTYPEWRITER SUPPLIESRepairing; and RebuildingTypewriter Service Co.236 E. Fifth St., Cincinnati, O.drurn The island of Nendrum wasafterwards named Mahee, after abishop of the monastery.BAD COLD GONEIN FEW HOURS(octl7-24-31- -CAHAL BROSBAKBEft SHOP4 WHITE B AlBEE$-4Moderm EuJpmemtExpert and Polite SendeeHOT AKD C0LB BATHSFARMERSITHEPARIS, KY,Segan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERS"Frank P. Klser, PrrfdentS. L. Weathers, Vic PresidentW. Wj. Mitchell, CaahlepJno. W. Yerkea. AM't CaiWtrDtn Peed, Jr., BookkM fr. . ."Pape's Cold Compound" Acts Quick,Costs Little and NeverSickens !In a few hours your cold is gone,head and nose clear, no feverishness, headache, or stuffed-up feeling. Druggists here guarantee thesepleasant tablets to break up a coldor the grippe quicker than nastyquinine. They never make you sickor uncomfortable. Buy a 'box of"Pape's Cold Compound" for a fewcents and get rid of your cold rightnow. (adv-T)o xCUBIOUS 'romances in the' DAILY PEESSdustries."Swiss insurance companies haveincreased their rates on women risksas much as 15 per cent. The reasongiven is that short skirts, highheels, and low necks increase thelikelihood of a woman falling andhurting herself or catching pneumonia. Michigan had a law which prohibited an unnaturalized citizenfrom possessing firearms. The StateSupreme Court said it was unconstitutional on the ground that itwas not right to give a skunk astronger weapon against its enemiesthan a farmer might possess againstHhawks and foxes- who steal chickens.A Sioux City, Iowa, policemanhad a great deal of trouble with acertain, girl auto-speeder, whom hearrested and warned time and again.Finding his remonstrances of- noavail, the officer married her to reform her. Speeding is said to "be onthe increase on the beats of marriageable policemen in Sioux City.NOTED SERE AND DAM EOTJNDDEAD"AND THE CAT CAME BACK""Sammy," Who Vanished From SouthDakota University, Turns Up inOld Indiana Home.Vermilion, S. D. The intelligenceof "Sammy," a large black male cat,is vouched for by Dean and Mrs.Frank T. Stockton of the Universityof South Dakota, who, upon returning from the summer vacation, madeknown the unusual qualities of theirpet.As Dean Stockton tells the story,Mrs. Stockton formerly lived in W11liamsport, Ind., and "Sammy's" youngtomhood was passed in that town.When she married they came to SouthDakota's state university and brought"Sammy." He passed" nearly fouryears there and then in March, 1921,disappeared.The Stocktons recently visited Wllliamsport. In passing her old home,Mrs. Stockton saw a black cat on thefence. She called "Sammy I" Sammyanswered. Careful scrutiny proved hisIdentity sewed-up ear and scanwhere they should be. He had: returned, v residents said, and, findingstrangers, for a"" long tfmerefated toRenter the home, but remained about-the place.Sammy returned to Vermilion.Little Boy Tramp.Kansas City, Mo. Frank Neely,nine years of age, of Muskogee,Okla., claimed the runaway championship of the world. Frank, foundasleep in an automobile here after riding the rods of a freight train fromMuskogee, admitted it was his thirtieth adventure. "He has not beenat home three months slncejie was sixyears old," his dad wrote the sheriff.Coin, Marked Six Years Ago, Back.Columbus, Ind. Six years ago MissMayme Kimsey of this city marked asilver dollar with her initials, "M. K.,"and then spent it. Miss Kimsey nowis Mrs. Harley Settle. Recently Mrs.Settle attended a circus here. She presented a ?.") bill and silver dollars wereamong the change she received. Oneof the coins proved to be the dollaishe had marked..&Granite, the fourteen-year-oldbay son of Rockton-Edierchue,which was standing at the J. L.Carrick farm, in Scott county, wasfound dead. Granite' was owned byPhil Hvnes. of New York, and al-!though not having had much services has sent such good thoroughbreds as Graniteware and My Bootsto the races.Yankee Tree, the property ofThos. Murphy, the dam of UnitedVerde, Lady in Black and other successful racers, was found dead in apasture at Mr. Murphy's-country estate, near Louisville.Bull-Attacks Trainman- When Engine Struck ItKnocked down by a locomotivewhen it wandered on the railroad tracks in front of a trainnear Braintree, Mass., a big bullchased a flagman who descendedfrom the last car in the trainand walked back along thetracks with his red flag In hishand. Seeing the bull runningtoward him, the flagman fledand leaped to the platform ofthe rear car, with the enragedanimal half a jump behind him.Total reported 26,637,831"In addition there are millions ofsavings depositors in the non-reportingstates above mentioned, which includenot only the South with the exceptionof the Virginias, but also the greatstates between the Mississippi and theRockies except Minnesota. Furthermore, there are perhaps three millionowners of time certificates of deposit,which are used in place of savings accounts in rural sections; also the halfmillion patrons of the postal savingssystem, five million members of building and loan associations and othermillions who Invest the proceeds oftheir thrift with life insurance, realestate mortgage and standard industrial and other corporations.'The total of savings deposits recently was reported by the savingsbank division of the American Bankers' association as amounting on June30, 1921, to $16,618,595,000."OUTWITS FATHER TIMEiMrs. Margaret J. Blair, aged sixty,who can turn handsprings,1 She saysa woman is ns young as her knee ljoints. She proves it by doing stuntsher eIght-year-oldgrandson can't imitate. She taught domestic science atthe University of Minnesota for 18years. Her diet rule Is an "onion, anolive and a prune a day.HAS TROUSERS 25 YEARS OLDFarmer Says Home-Made Tow-LinenPants Excel -Present-Day SummerTrousers.Fulton, Mo. J. N. Eook, a retiredfarmer, lays ownership to a pair ofpants that are twenty-five years old,and almost as good as the day theywere made. Hook says they excel eventhe present-day summer trousers thatare supposed to bring coolness andcomfort. They are a pair of realhonest-to-goodness home-made trousersof "tow-linen." They show some evidences of wear, but still are entirelyserviceable. Thefiax from which theywere made was grown in Callawaycounty and hacked by Hook's stepmother, who also spun it, wove it andmade the troupers.FINEST CAHESES.IN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYl Tj5?7V e . X JsSSfftiUjfMaatttE will counselVV y0a when you .need our assistance.We will serve youscourteously and,'!faithfully, we are Jtrained in the mostimodern methods ofour scientific profession.Wlii nTn"kJiPiaii1 1 mi- UtttHa: -.mi,1, jotuu'AJ- .-DOWN AGAIN.idfonctsHT.HE irNLSERSAL CARLowest F. O. B. Prices in theHistory of the CompanyChassis ; $235.00Runabout, regular .... $269.00Touring, regular....' $298.00Truck .Chassis $360.00Coupe $530.00Two-Door Sedan $595.00P. O. BJDetrqitStarter remains $70.00; Demoun tables $25.00, whenjsupplited offcopen types. Closed types are 'priced with: Starter and Demoun tables.RUGGLESXIXKliXZSX?IXIi Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone N6. 4 Wes Fifh Streeti,.. .. ...Ii-ii044i44t4i4J4-Africa Appeals to U. S,for Hair Kink RemoverA hair kink remover is desired by natives of several semicivilized tribes of. African natives, says a report to the UnitedStates Department of Commerceat Washington. Africans arestrangely interested in stories ofinventions by white men thatfar outshine the magic of thenative wizard, It Is said.KTufianrasK3S1 (T w 2!P'SZ'Jf&zB&K'd rstIII - I IBKTTf . r At Imam utTmtaata v y! XSTrl pffi?i. ca ' v-. Jt2Si- -.OSS"- JiJ3.-ia-riira-i-l ."t71 rfiS8 5mft& ' i Prepared to- rv 'fvXfi ' ' i?J rior tofrif V'5 1 vl'9tSSTfr-L.J$4-. r:4f i niTinrinTinnbA f ibhflLi N UNOUR WATCHWORD!ra'-vmg. . -i with all the latest improve-dOir-TZ-J 1 1 tmenisan munary appliances'4 and exDert helners we arpdo work mfe-none. and solicitsJ v? jrvriti patiuiiac.A -The Bourbon Laundryi Paris, Kentucky1IBourbon News Advertisers GetJlcsults5. .4 n ar . iJS rft..j. Jtf-j.Xts.JIN...JUNE u, isnm.m'mmmkmm'm..ito !C ltt ri -jJKTxi-atiivW.TMii ;it rrt-J.r-'" jT- .!&'.--. vrj$fi - -j ? zy ,-'tr,.rr,.A.,..' .3t. J ?rrA.. --5t -s. ,.i--Njr:;f-r-V"V '-,,- V'XrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1122 -PAGE EIGHTHALF AK EGCTA PAY IS PEECAPITA QUOTADEATHSDid you eat half an egg to-day?If not you were cheated, and didnot get your share of the day's eggcrop. For, according to the Department of Agriculture, the per capitaconsumption of eggs is one-halfper day.More eggs have been laid this;year than ever before, the department finds. The total is approximately 22,000,000,000 eggs, an invcrease of 10 per cent in productionsince the war.There has been a decreased consumption in poultry and farmers.hens on the farms.. FERGUSONDavid Goodloe Ferguson, a formre resident of Bourbon county, died.suddenly Sunday in Minneapolis,Minn., of apoplexy. Mr. Fergusonmoved to Minneapolis about sixteen years ago. He was a brother ofMrs. D. G. Taylor and Mrs. L. D.Redmon, of Bourbon county, anduncle of Mrs. John Bower and MattBedford, of Paris.MATRIMONIAL' inA Eccord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go ByMASONS ELECT GRAND LODGEOFHCERS'.MARY GARDEN CONCERT ISPOSTPONEDOwing to her inability to reachthis country from abroad before themiddle of November, the secondconcert of the artist series scheduledfor Woodland Park Auditorium thenight of November 1, has been postponed. Miss Garden has been ill, and hasbeen forbidden by her physicians tosail from abroad before November 4.A Lexington engagement will prob.ably be made for her between November 29 and December 22.The next concert ot, the series will"be that of Albert Spalding, violinist,which will take place Tuesday evening, November 21.yTRACoort ,IBOYS'Two-TrouserSUITSTweeds, Checks andNovelty Patterns, Builtto Wear11041150415TREE!A Genuine Eversharp 'Pencil with Every Suit.Boys' Caps$1.00 $1.50Shirts and Blouse Waists51.00 AND $1.50Price & Co.ClothiersAt the meeting of the Masonicorder in Louisville, the followingofficers of the Masonic Grand Chapter, Royal Arch Masons, of Kentucky, were elected for the ensuingyear:James Garnett, of Louisville,Grand High Priest, succeeded Hanson Peterson, of Cynthiana.A. Gordon Sulser, of Maysville,Deputy Grand High Priest.W. R. Johnson, of Lebanon,Grand Knight.Frank H. Johnson, of Lexington,Grand Scribe.G. Allison Holland, of Lexington,Grand Treasurer.James A. Hodges, of Louisville.Grend Secretary.The election of Mr. Sulser to Deputy Grand High Priest, means thatin 1923, he will be elevated to theoffice of Grand High Priest, thehighest Masonic honors to be conferred upon a Kentuckian.A marriage -license was issuedFriday from the office of. CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Kenney K.Kiser, of San Francisco, Cali., for-mery of Bourbon county, and MissCora D. Farney, of near Lexington.THE NEWS has reliable information to the effect that the wedding of two prominent young Parispeople is scheduled for the verynear future. Both are well-knownand very popular with a large circleof friends and acquaintances, andtheir marriage will prove a surpriseexcept to those who are already inon the secret. The prospectivebridegroom some time ago purchased a handsome home in which to begin their wedded life.The following announcementshave been issued:I "Mr. and Mrs. Silas Morganannounce the marriage of theirdaughterClara BelletoMr. James Willie DunnSaturday, October the twenty-fifth,Nineteen hundred and twenty-two.""At HomeWinchester, Kentucky."OWENSBORO CHOSEN FOR NEXTIT. D. C. MEET .Owfinshoro was chosen for thenext annual meeting of the Kentucky Division,-Daughters of' theConfederacy, at the closing sessionI of the annual two-day convention atI Louisville.Gen. W. B. Haldeman spoke atthe morning session and urged in-j dividual as well as organized sup- j.port of the Jefferson Davis monument fund. He urged the completion of the monument so that it canbe unveiled by June 3, 1923, whichis Jefferson Davis' birthday. Approximately $30,000 is needed tocomplete the work. The delegateswere taken on a trip of inspectionto the Confederate Home at PeweeValley.Mrs. James B. Camp, of Louisville, was elected auditor of theKentucky division of the UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy. Mostof the old officers, including thepresident, Mrs. L. B. Reeves, ofHickman, were re-elected.Among the new officers are: Historian, Mrs. W. H. Conant, Owensboro; treasurer, Mrs. Robert Fenwick, Earlington; custodian of theCross of Honor, Mrs. EdmoniaRoberts, Bardstown; registrar, Mrs.Ray Rose, Nicholasville; chaplain,Mrs. W. D, Hinn, Guthrie.In addition to Mrs. Reeves theofficers re-elected were: First Vicepresident, Mrs. T. N. Fields, Fulton;second vice-president, Mrs. LameS. Givens, Cynthiana; third vicepresident, Mrs. Edwin Matthews,Maysville; recording secretary, Mrs.H. H. Hancock, Paris; correspondingsecretary, Mrs. Q. B. 'Kerlin, Hickman; vice-chaplain, Mrs. PeterThornton, Newport.TAYLOR KERNERMiss Pauline Taylor and Mr. E.L. Kerner, both of Frankfort, weremarried at the home of the bride'sparents. Mr. and Mrs. H. Taylor, inthat city, in the presence of members of .the two families. The groomis a brother of Mrs. C. R. Parrent,of Paris. The bride is an attractiveyoung woman. En route on ""' anEastern bridal trip the newly-wedsstopped over in Paris as guestsi ofMr. and Mrs. Parrent. The groomholds a responsible position withthe T. C. Sowers Hardware Co., 'in"Frankfort.SHANNON WAUGHv The marriage of Miss RettaShannon and Mr. Roy Waugh, bothof Carlisle, was solemnized Saturdayafternoon at four o'clock at thehome pf the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theChristian church. The young peoplewere accompanied by Mr. FloydEarlywine and Miss-Anna May Wilson, both of near Carlisle. Thenewly-weds after the ceremony wentto Lexington for a short bridal trip,returning to Carlisle, where theywill make their home inJthe future.TRIEBEL TO UMPIREiCharles Triebel, owner of the Pastime Theatre, of Maysville, andbaseball umpire, who enjoys the reputation of being fair in his decisionsand who knows the game thoroughlyhas been retained by the Blue GrassLeague officials, to officiate in theremaining games of the championship series, if they are ever playedoff.$SLET MUNSINGWEARCOVER YOU WITHSATISFACTIONmwNSINGA COMPLETE LINE OFLADIES MISSES ANDCHILDRENS ATg- tKmjyjW m U 9' m JDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYFOLEY BUCKLEYMiss Alice Margaret Foley, ofDanville, and Mr. Timothy DayidBuckley, of Maysville, were unitedin marriage at eight o'clock, in St.Henry's church, in Erlanger, theceremony being performed by Rev.Father Beeler. The attendants wereMiss Anna Connell, of Paris, andMr. Robert Buckley, of Maysville.The bride is a daughter of Mr.Richard Foley, of Danville, and hasbeen one of the most prominentyoung business women of that city.Mr. Buckley is a prominent youngbusiness man of Maysville, where heis engaged in the tobacco business.Both are well-known here, wherethey have frequently been guests,; ofrelatives and friends.ALAMO2:00 to 5:00 -PRICESAdults 30cChildren lOcSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....Sale at Box OfficeSl-ooGRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults 30cGallery 20cChildren .. 1 OcTuesday Here They Are, All of Them TuesdayLILA LEE, T. ROY BARNESLOIS WILSON, WALTER HIERSin "Is Matrimony a Failure?"Guaranteed to contain 152 smiles, 94 chuckles, and 52 mansized roarscome and get your share! It will make you feel like a million dollars."LIVE WIBES," A CENTURY COMEDY, ANDMUTT AND TEFF CAETOON.Wednesday Goldwyn Presents WednesdayJACK HOLT "THE GRIM1 COMEDIAN'The mother was the witness of the man whom her daughter thought sheloved The man's great love for the girl, returned the self-respect, andgave back to the mother the thing which she prized more than all theworld, the daughter's happiness.."THE VAGBANT." AN EDUCATIONAL COMEDYPATHE NEWSTHURSDAY- THURSDAYVf RA GORDON D?VES0NThe Mother and Father of "Humoresque"A story that tells of humble life only as Fanny Hurst can write it Apicture that gives "papa" all the credit that has long been due him."TRUTH JUGGEES," A PATHE COMEDY, ANDMOVIE CHATSest to the people of Paris and Bour-! "INSTITUTE IN MISSIONS" PLAN.bon county, where both the princi-1pals are very popular. The bride is j The Epworth League and thethe daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Hud-1 Young Peoples Missionary Societyson Farney, of Chilesburg, and is of . of the Paris Methodist church willwinning personality and many tal-1 combine this year for their Missionents. Mr.. Kiser is an alumnus of Study Course, which will be in thethe United States Naval Radio nature of an Institute For theSchool of Harvard University, and. week beginning November 6 mem-served three years as radio electrician in the world war. He is a sonbers of the two organizations andtheir friends will meet at the churchof Mr. and Mrs. Walker Kiser, of: each evening .at 7:30 o'clock. Twonear Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Kiser are at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, untilOctober 25, when they will leave forSan Francisco, to make that theirfuture home.The following announcementshave been issued:1 "Mr. and Mrs. Hudson Farney -H BORAH WANTS ENGLAND AND"classics, one a Foreign Study and theother Home Missions, will be offered. Inspirational addresses by someof the leaders in missionary workwill be a special feature of tfc? Institute program.announces the marriage of their FRANCE WARNEDdaughterCora Another great war cloud hangsto over Europe, United States SenatorMr. Kenney Keller Kiser William E. Borah, of Idaho, declaron Friday, the twentieth of October ed in an address before the PressNineteen nundred and twenty-two, club of Chicago. He declared the"At HomeA MASTER POLITICIANafter November first,San Francisco, California."Has Thirty-Five Secretaries.situation was the result of imperialistic politics and intrigue and salahe was in favor of telling Englandand France that their policies werecondemnedby the conscience of theWhen recently the jailer of Claycounty was shot by a kinsman itdeveloped that the jailer had heldthe office continuously for a quarterof a century. Under the circumstances this is sufficient to stamphim as a master politician or a manof decided parts.Other offices have been held forthat length of time, but rarely thatof jailer, which nearly always is themost sought after political job inany country. The successful candidate for jailer usually triumphsover a Mozen or so competitors andwhile he may be allowed to retainthe office for a second term, herarely "comes back" for the thirdor more times, but is lost in anotherscramble for the place commonly regarded as the political steppingstone in nearly every Kentuckycounty. ,oWe hear a great deal about thewonderful instinct which enables amother seal to recognize her ownyoung one out of a pack of a thousand or so, but what about the man! Christian world and that "you shall who unhesitatingly picks out hi3Thirty-five private Secretaries arG finrl -nr cvmnnfliir nr- anoonr in fliia'nwTi nnW-fniilni fliwor frnm thomfr?-required to deal with the correspond-' uarter of the globe."ence of the pope.j die of a flock of Lizzies,BURROUGHS MASTERSRev. G. W. Nutter, pastor of theMillersburg Christian church, officiated Saturday afternoon at the weddinof Miss Ruby May Burroughsand Mr. Graham Welch Masters,both of Lexington, which was solemnized at the home of Rev. MarkCollis, in Lexington. Only themembers of the families were present for the ceremony. Followingthe ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Mastersleft for a motor trip through Kentucky. The bride is a senior of the University of Kentucky, a daughter 6fMr. and Mrs. Tilford N. Burroughs ofLexington. She will continue herwork in the College of Arts and Science at the University. The bridegroom is a young business man ofLexington.BERNHEIMER SACHSMr. and Mrs. Lawrence Price,of Paris, attended the wedding ofMrs. Price's cousin, Mr. David Alexander Sachs, to 'Miss Bertie ,Bernheimer, of Louisville, which tookplace Thursday night at six o'clock,in the parlors of the Seelbach Hotel,in that city. The ceremony wasperformed by the Rev. Dr. JosephRauch, in the presence of the twoimmediate families. Miss JanisLoeb, cousin of the bride, was maidof honor, Mr. Benjamin Sachs .washis brother's best man. The usherswere Joseph Sachs and MartinKahn, of Versailles.The bride was given in marriageby her brother-in-law, Mr. ArthurLong, of New York. Mr. and -Mrs.Sachs left after the ceremony for awedding trip to the East. On theirreturn they will be at home in Louisville.FARNEY KISERThe marriage of Miss Cora Farney, of Chilesburg, Fayette county,to Mr. Kenney' Kiser, of San Francisco, formerly of Paris, was solemnized Friday afternoon at four o'olockin the parlors of the Central Christian church, in Lexington, Rev. T.S. Smylie, pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church, officiating.The wedding is of especial inter- . tFall FootwearBargains!For All This WeekTpHE moment you see this shde on your- foot and feel the way it poises the toes,instep and ankle, you appreciate whatdaintiness is in a walking shoe. The "outside look" and inside feeling of this shoeare perhaps w;hat have made it so wellliked everywhere. It is beautful and verypractical for every-day wear.fe&N4JA great value special offeringLadies' newest style Patent LaceOxfords, Tan Oxfords, Tan LaceShoes, low and medium heels, new j jftwing tip. Special Sale $3,49 and.jT,BtJLadies' Tan English Lace Oxfords,low' rubber heels, . all sizes. firSpecial at 1 1 .UJMen's newest fall tan dress Shoes;blucher and new English lasts.rfj tmWorth more. Special at DUbUUMen's Tan Dress Shoes, 'rubber n HPheels. Special at.. 3fciWJMen's Scout Shoes; Tan and Black. "Special at $1.95 and J m JLadies and Growing Girls' new fallstyle Tan Lace Boots; rubbery a ATheels, a real value. Special at. . JJjJSchool Shoes Better Shoes for lessmoney. Misses' and Children'sTan Lace Boots. All sizes, 8 44 Aftup to 2. Special sale I HHBoys' newest style School Shoes.All solid leather. A surprisingvalue. All sizes, 1 up to 6.jJa atSpecial Jt.SOBoys' and Youth's $3.00 School AAShoes. All sizes. Special J JjjJChildren's Kid Shoes; sizes 2 to 6. Aft-Special JJJJi;It Pays to Buy at-This StorePOSNER BROSDAN COHEN STAND336 MAIN STREET- . k.' !"- sTJS'afeAIs--,- rss: k - ---,.-..-- -3 -&"& a- .-VS-V-X.'i. 'Z-y ir-fs