C"&-V,AW .3-cV nvfi,.-t4Wft"7.n!'TSIi1VPUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAYYEAR.,VOLUME XLI1PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1922THEi .k. . K. - m H. BB;niJHK. BTT AM - ' .. k. '"' M iHBM .A .A Bk. Ml fll .liil JTnW'f Ml 1 i I I ' IMMIB BB B H HHUBIMvA B. H .' . B BSM. B BB" VR JVmm?1ii4rii ifKismmi . i Ki.rTi.B'rEi i. snssiHmi- ii iKm ira im uv .. msmLv waV VjBvH Y BtLS w1A7H wa flt wa H.. V V lXl r-'-4f1 ,..IN THEraPASIS COMMERCIAL CLUB NOTESAt a joint meeting, Tuesdaynight, of the tCity Council, theBourbon County Bar Association,the Board of Education and theCommercial Club, after the specialbusiness of the meeting had beendispatched, a round-table discussionwas entered into afcout the desirability and necessity of an Automobile Club for Bourbon county.Quite an interest was evidencedby those present in the discussion,and many reasons for the need ofsuch a club in Bourbon county wereadvanced. . -Most localities, with the .numberof pleasure cars per capita thatBourbon boasts of, have an automobile club. Civic pride demands it,and, in addition to touring information, funds deriyed from membership fees, are used to mark thecounty roads, to place directorsalong the National, State and InterState Highways. Tourists campsites are established and maintainedand pictures and literature of theseconveniences, as well as other pointsof interest to the motoring public,are made up in booklet form andsent to touring centers, such asNashville, Knoxville and Chattanooga, Tennessee, Cincinnati andLouisville for distribution to northand south bound motor tourists.Good roads are always a part ofthe program of an Automobile Club.Public sentiment is created for goodhighways, elimination of hazardsand the beautifying of the roads.Usually, this program is not confined to a home county, but is extended to adjoining counties, so that.good roads, through the -activitiesof Motor Clubs, develop into Statewide and Inter-State interests.Probably no other organization inBourbon county could have the influence necessary to route the DixieHighway through Paris as could anautomobile club. Nothing canequal a motorist as an advertisingmedium for a community. Certainly the motorists of Bourbon countydesire to show as much pride asother communities in having an organization of their own to offer theparticular service which they jieedand support their own individualinterests as well as the growth of-the community as a whole.NEW HOUSE TOR SALENEW 7-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnTHE NEWSTRAWHATSIn Balabuntals, Sailors,Bangkoks and LeghornsARE HERE!Oar assortment of attractive and becoming StrawHats is a very completeone.Prepare yourself ior thelong hot summer days bygetting under one of ournew Straw Hats.WE FIT YOUR FACEAS WELL AS YOURHEAD!Mitchell 4Blakemorejj i)"Ole Know WCITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSThe City Council held an adjourned meeting in the Council, ChamberMonday night, a previous1 meetingbeen adjourned on account of lackof the quorum necessary for transaction of business. Mayor E. B.January presided, with all Councilmen except W. W. Mitchell present.Mayor January read his veto ofthe ordinance placing a license taxof $50 on outside newspapers doingbusiness in Paris, and no attemptwas made to pass it ever his veto.City Health Officer A. H. Keller wasdirected to notify all property owners on streets having sanitary sewers that attachment to sewers mustbe made by June 16, or Warrants forthe arrest of those violating the cityordinance would be issued. Dr. Keller advised the 'appointment of agarbage collector, which was referred to the Sanitary Committee.Dr. M. H. Dailey, president of thePublic Playgrounds Association, addressed the Council on the matter ofmaking a public playground of theold burying ground near the plantof the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.There being some doubt as to thelegal possession of this piece of property, the city ordered a fence builtaround it until the matter of ownership could be ascertained.At a previous meeting City Attorney Chas. A. McMillan had beeninstructed to draw up an ordinanceproviding for a vote upon the question of a $50,000 bond issue for thepurpose of building an additionalschool building. After considerablediscussion the matter was postponedto a later date.An ordinance to rebuild SouthMain street from Fourteenth toTwentieth was given its second reading, and adopted. The appointmentof a city engineer to superintendthe work was left to the Improvement Committee.Thos. B. Link was granted aliense to operate and conduct a softdrink stand and restaurant at thecorner of Main and Eighth streets,and to James Moreland for a similarbusiness at the Thos. A'Hearn restaurant stand, at Tenth and Pleasant Venard Owens was granted areduction in his license for operating a seven-passenger bus, from $100to $15, notwithstanding the provision of the ordinance, which specifieda rate of $100. City Attorney Chas.A. McMillan protested that this action was illegal, and that he wouldso inform Mr. Owens.Mayor January thereupon declared the discussion ended. Counman Santen asked to be informed asto what authority City ForemanFred Fister had to use the city automobile to attend Sunday ballgames in neighboring towns. FireChief Earl McCracken requested thatsome publicity be given to the factthat the fire alarm boxes are not tobe used for the deposit of mail, asrecently several letters, mailed inDecember, had been found in boxesin, different parts of the city,oPAY YOUR LICENSETHE CITY LICENSES ARE NOWDUE. CALL AT ONCE AT THEPEOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST COMPANY, AND SAVE THEPENALTIES.C. K. THOMAS,(2-tf) v City Collector.oCITY SEARCHES FOR CHILD 'The five-year-old son of Mr. andMrs. T. T. Marshall, of Paris, startedsomething the other night when hismother -sent him to the bathroomto wash his pedal extremities beforeretiring for the night.The young man thought such aprocedure entirely unnecessary, andcrawled in between the mattressesof his bed, where he promptly fellinto a child's dreamland. Missinghim Mrs. Marshall instituted a searchwhich "proved barren of results.Thinking her child had been kidnapper or lost, she aroused the -neighbors and a city-wide search was begun. Returning to the house whereneighbors were gathered, the searchwas renewed.- Suddenly someone discovered theunusual appearance of the mattresses, and an investigation disclosedthe youngster snugly curled up andcomfortably sleeping. ,The little fellow, 'between hugs and kisses fromthe joyful mother could not understand why he had been the cause ofso much anxiety and searching.PICTURE PROGRAM ATAND ALAMOGRANDTo-day, Friday, June 16. MarionDavies, in "Enchantment;" WilliamRussell, in "The Roof Tree."To-morrow, Saturday, June 17Rudolph Velantino and Alice Terry,in "The Conquering Power;" Standard Comedy, "Two Faces West;"Pathe News.Monday, June IS Dorothy Phillips, in "Man, Woman, Marriage."Stop talkVng about your troublea.Take Tamlac. Tanlac is sold by allPABIS PLAYGBOUOTS, POPULARPLACESI The shouting and laughter of thechildren may be heard by one pass-Ing through different parts of the!city. The playgrounds are open andthe children are thronging there, Iplaying in the sand boxes, swinging,hanging from the horizontal bars, Iand playing games. The new attraction this year is the kindergarten open in the mornings from 10to 12 for alL children under twelveyears. This work will consist ofsinging and quiet games, dramatics,story hour and hand work.Thespecial feature this week will be thelittle story books of "Three Bears."illustrating the familiar story. A that day to see the game betweenbeautiful prize will be awarded to the Paris Matnmoths and the Maysthe child on each playground mak- ville team. The train will leave theing the most attractive book. The Tenth street station-of the L. & N.children at the city school play- ir paris, at 10:45 Sunday morning,ground will use the gymnasium so T'ckets may be obtained from Geo.all are urged to come, in spite of D- Speakes, Chasv. A. McMillan, Berrain. nard J Santen, and at the FordhamThe afternoon work is planned es- Hotel, Oberdorfer', Varden & Son's,pecially for the boys' and girls from Smith's Confectionery, McClintock's12 to 18 years. This includes special po1 Room.instruction in the organized games, ! At a meeting of the Blue Grassas volley ball, base ball, captain League clubs representatives, heldball, dodge ball, and horseshoe in Lexington, Wednesday night,pitching. A base ball league will be President Russell presiding, the matformed between the three play- ter of changing to a four-games-a-groundsand competitive games week schedule was taken up andplayed off each week., discussed. A motion was made uThree new tennis courts have been change the schedule to three gamesopened on the city school play- a week, which was finally adopted,grounds. It is planned to teach Tne League was unanimous for makevery boy and girl on the play- inS the four games a week changeground over ten years. A club will witn tne exception of Mt. Sterling,be formed among the older boys and and tnis defection caused the corngirls. N promise on three games.New equipment has been install- Tne date of changing the scheduleed in all the playgrounds, such asslides, swings, new and larger sand"boxes, volley ball and nets, check-ers, horseshoe sets for pitching, probably be played on Thursdays,base balls and bats, and boxing Saturdays and Sunday. The schedgloves. v " " ule will be submitted at anotherAs soon as the light is installed meeting of the League, to be calledon the Wilson lot playground recre- in the near future. Jess Morton,ation activities will be carried on manager of the Lexington team,there in the evening. became very angry at the proposed.At each playground one or more change, and threatened to take histrained instructors are in charge, club out of the League if any LexParents may send their children to ington Sunday games were shifted tothese grounds with the assurance another town.that they will be safe and under The Church League game on Hancorrect supervision. cick Field Wednesday afternoon beA special conference of the work- tween the Presbyterian and Bapers will be held every Saturday tist teams developed into a sluggingmorning. The following are in match, which resulted in the Bapcharge at present: Wilson Play- tists being routed by the Presbyteground Frances Adams; Brennan rians by the score of 19 to 8. TheElizabeth Stewart; City School game was a thrilling pne from startMiriam" Galloway. Each supervisor -to finish, the features being too unwill have a young man to assist in merous to give individual mention,the afternoon play. Miss Grace The next games in the series willCruickshank, the director, Will visit be played between the Christianseach playground twice a day and and the Methodists, on Hancockgive special instruction where Field, this (Friday) afternoon, atneeded. ' 3:30 o'clock. Rogers and Owenso will be the opposing twirlers. EachTn TiAVEARLY PALL SHOWINGONLYYOU ARE INyiTED TO ATTENDOUR ITRST SHOWING OF FALLAND WINTER DRESSES. NEWMODELS AND FABRICS, TO-DAYONLY.FRANK & CO.nPARIS CITY SCHOOLS' LYCEUMCOURSE FOR 1922-23The Paris city scnooi oougnt last, Ai j. i. x ,week the most attractive LyceumThe Paris City School bought lastcourse the school has ever attempt-ed to give.The teachers in the school will at-tempi io manage tma cuuiwmway that; will enable them to selltemnt to manage this course m aseason ticsets to scnooi cnnaren at ,even a lower price than last year.The numbers in the course will beas follows:1. Ash Davis, Cartoonist.2. The Priness Nadonis Indians.3. The Kaufman Male Quartette. !4. Pelletier Players in a, repertoire of modern plays.5. Kendree Concert Company.6. Robert Bowman, characterportrayals.7. The Temple Singers.8. The Metropolitan Glee Club.9. De Jue, the Wizard.10. The Elesta Hunt Soprano Co.ICE CREAMDELIVERED AT ALL HOURS,IN ANY PART OF CITY. PUREAND WHOLESOME. PER GALLON, $1.75; HALF GALLON, $1;QUART 60 CENTS; BRICK, THREECOLORS, 70-CENTS PER QUART.CUMB. PHONE 7; HOME PHONE37.BENEDETTI & CO.(26-tf) v v NEXT ALAMO.oHAND MANGLEDWhile operating a ripsaw at theMartin O'Neal shops, on Pleasantstreet, Robt. Sadler, Sr., employedin the woodworking shops, had onehand badly mangled. He was takento the office of Drs. Daugherty &Orr, where three fingers of his handwere amputated,--- -o-s .:-Tanlac is, a splendid .tonic forpunyj frail, -delicate childrea. 'It iapurely Mi '.conuimiiiujmiaersl oriW'aTjfIac i iefiLBASEBALLYESTERDAY'S RESULTSLexington 12, Paris l.Winchester 4, Maysville 1.Cynthiana 1, Mt. Sterling 4.SUNDAY'S GAMESParis at Maysville.Lexington at Cynthiana.Winchester at Mt. Sterling.Maysville will be the Mecca Sun-day afternoon for Paris fans, whowil1 advantage of the low roundtriP rate offered by the L. & N. forwas not set, and the date of closingtne season was also left open.Games in the new schedule willteam has strengthened their line-upnnrt n rnttlins: ffood' game is ex-1pected.CHURCH LEAGUE STANDING- WonMethodist .. .'. ..4Christian 3Presbyterian 3Baptist 2Lost2244Pet..666.600.450.333BASE BALL EXCURSIONParis vs. Maysville, at Maysville,v T ;e -di tWin fnrpSunday. June 18. Round trip rare,"" 'J, . , rOT.ia of m-4Qn gale ftt oberdor.'...... ,,.., c a,-n,a n.lers a, vaiucu ix. uu"i j.... -fectionary. Fordham Hotel, Mcunn-G Speakes,A McMllan and B. J. SantenFERTILIZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CAR-iLOAD SWIFT'S HIGH 'GRADE -REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. PRICE LOWEST IN;SEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYS TOiUSE IT.BRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated. -(mar21-tf)"".STORES CLOSED THURSDAYGrocers, hardware stores and meatmerchants of Paris have perfectedan agreement to close their placesof business at noon on Thursday ofeach week throughout the monthsof June, July and August. Up todate the agreement embraced thefollowing:S. T. Chipley, Curtis Henry, Tilford Burnett, Skillman Bros., J. T.Rankin, Taul & Co., L. R. Bramblett, W. E. Harp, Logan Howard,Lavin '& Connell, C. D. Thompson,Paris Baking Company, PhillipBros., Chas. P. Cook, BaldwinBros., S. W. Shively & Son, Dan.Jordan, J. Bennett Tarr, FarmersSupply Company, Ford & Co., Lowry& May, January & Connell, A. S. A.Wilson, D. B. Farris &'Co. .1 O : .REGISTER! REGISTER! .LET ITttY DUCOCRATT JOAra,W01URMItI01IJULY10 JJ 11, Ht W:UCEX JUn,.NEWS OF THE COURTSIn the County Court the case ofthe Commonwealth against Scottxiuxiauu vxnuert, cnargea with assault on Ellis B. Hukill, tailor, wasdismissed Wednesday morning, because of the weakened condition ofGilbert, whose health has been failing for some time. Gilbert has returned to his home in Etewah, Tenn.In Police Court, Wm. R. Brightand Wade Hampton, both givingLexington as their home, were presented on charges of reckless driving. The car which ,they weredriving, collided with a Ford Sedanparked in front of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank. Very little damage was done to either car. The menstated they were en route to Cincinnati. Judge Ernest Martin assess-ed-them$12.50 each.In the County Court, Charles Galloway, colored, charged with havinga "moonshine" still in his possessionwas held to the Grand Jury at thecoming term of Bourbon CircuitCourt in the sum of $300. Beingunable to procure a bondsman hewas returned to the custody of Jailer Taylor.Dick English.of Paris, and LesterLawrence, Clyde Franklin and CarlLinville, of Ruddles Mills, were fined$23.50 each, in the County Court oncharges of being drunk at theLeague Park, in Paris last Sundayafternoon. The last three were separated when they testified. Allstated they had purchased a quart ofliquor in Cynthiana, but each oneafterward said they had bought itfrom different persons. Judge Batterton announced that he wouldturn their statements over to theCounty Attorney of Harrison countyfor investigation.The case of the water consumersof Paris against the Paris WaterCompany, an action which has beenin the Court for several months, waspartly decided Monday "by SpecialJudge Bailey. Judge Bailey held ineffect that the Water Company couldnot shut off their water service toParis consumers unless they paid tothe Company the full charge asked.The decision is a partial victory forconsumers and puts it up to the Water Company to show some legal reason in court why they should be permitted to charge higher rates forwater.Judge Bailey gavethe Water!Company twenty days in which to 'ask for a rehearing before the Courtof Appeals, and in the event the jhigher court concurs in Judge Bai-FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSvFOR TODAY and SATURDAYEXTRASPECIALSALEOFSPORT$3EACHFRANK. IkLADIgSv(XITFITTPtSV VLV. TSHOPLIFTER'S ESCORT SAIDWAS FROM PARISWednesday's Cincinnati Bnfuirtrpublished the following:" I don't know answered &young woman registered as Mrs.Constance Mumby, 27 years old,634 Cornelius avenue, Chicago, 111.,when she wa& asked by Paul V.Ryan, of the Cal Crim DetectiTAgency, why she had stolen expemsive wearing apparel from thradowntown department stores. Ryamand his assistants, Ora Slater andvArthur Reynolds, apprehended Mrs;Mumby and a young man after they ""had left a novelty store on Fifthstreet, near Race street."The man asserted that a stolemsilk shirt which he was carrying;had not been taken by him. Thwoman exonerated him and said shwas responsible for the theft of theshirt and considerable womenawearing apparel, according to thearresting offioers. Five charges ofpetit larceny were lodged againsther."Mrs. Mumby said that her father,a wealthy Detroit man, would cometo her rescue, but she declined todiscuss his identity. Her escort saidhis mother owned several thousandacres of land near Paris, Ky. Mrs.Mumby, according to Ryan, said shemet a horse-race follower in Louisville, came to Cincinnati for thefaces and then met the man foundin her company."BLUEGRASS SEED MENt- ' PRODUCTPOOLAt a meeting of Bourbon countygrowers of bluegrass seed, held inthe court house, Tuesday afternoon,sixty thousand bushels of seed representing crops gathered on Bourbon farms, were pooled.A committee composed of John W.Jones, Warren Rogers, Hume Payneand Catesby Woodford, Jr., was appointed to meet committees fromother counties in which seed hasbeen pooled to effect a sales organization. ley's decision, Paris consumers willbe entitled to the old rate, muchlower than is now being charged forwater service.In eve'nt of a finaLdecision in favor of the water con-sinners a rebate for the excesscharges already paid'will have to bemade by the -Water Company.-A--HATS-v.50&nymi:in.J?).tfiv.riu, 4ivc '!ay5vrwy mi.rni mwMitv. - wilvt,,"43?-vt-1!25isr-ja.?"!&;S&jnsgj-7S" "'"--"Vfe"?t'si1 n-fc" ,X-, "s I'3rT' ' '- '"" r.ootorak:(Mrs -x-TyfflWMFKwiiitft.?iL-ciaixfcslI rM -k J Am-mm " .JWYVnift"?'3te3?K3fc. .-&j $c&Tv&'wV- r's-j -j&j?v-v-r PAGE TWOURBON ;-N3W&' gARIS,KENTUCKY?VL--lj2llLJiZI--I bw" ' "STHE BOURBON NEWS18P 41 Tears of Con-tiaiois PublicationJh-Wtked Every Tuesday and Friday9-r.Yx $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.PWHT CHAMP, 'Editor and Owner.WmUr&at the Paris, Kentucky,as Mail Matter of thsClass.))Mpmpiwora yoeeign sepbesenta-TIVES.Yew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphiar--N. W. Ayers & Son.' .Atlanta Xassengale Adv. Agency-Cincinnati Blaine Thompson GoLouisville Lowman-Mulliean Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 permck for first time; 50 cents per inchach. subsequent insertion.Raading Notices,, 10 cents per lineack issue; reading notices" in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andattjtiil&r matter, 10 cen tamper line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tke right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.""""Announcements for political officesjnust invariably be accompanied byk cash.Any erroneous reflection upon theftharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationjrhich may appear in the columnst THE BOURBON NEWS will beSl&oay corrected if brought to theAttention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSThe most serious matter in life ishat big important thing of neverletting your heart shrivel up like ared flannel shirt until it is so smallyou can't see it, or feel it, or find -it.Looking over some of the middleaged Paris flappers with tinted hairand- youthful air, we recall thecourageous words that may beadapted to: "The old guard dyes,put never surrenders."Shall skirts be short?Shall skirts be flowing?Designers snort. In accents knowing...And while the tradeDisputes and bickersThe modern maid. -Appears in knickers."H. G-. Wells says the gorilla andpian may have had a common accestor. Perhaps, but as soon asman gets up in the world he is -prepared,with documentary evidence,to show that none of his ancestorsyras common, to say nothing of his-Iieing a kinsman of the gorilla."Norman Hapgood says that HenryFord has the mind of a child. Possibly that is why he's a multimillionaire toymaker, while Norman,jrho has the mind of a man, is onlya, moderately veil-to-do informer ofthe world and abater of abuses,local, national and international.-A newspaper doctor says one is always in danger of infection if heaits nearer than five feet to the, per--aon.ne is conversing -with, and thejmystery is how do the attractiveyoung members of the porchwing crowd manage to keepzK m 'Well, considering the chances we' -maderstand they take?4- 'The defendant admitted that hebad been drinking, but denied thatJie was drunk," after driving an automobile without tires and allege'd- defective steering gear. When a- -man has drunk enough to enjoy" "driving a machine without tires and. .with defective steering gear, is he' v "drjunlL" or "drinking,"., "Paris people going -away- fromIiome for the summer, closing Tip-T their liouses, should notify the po-, " lice. In same towns you are requir-& tosign a card, and then once inz twenty-four hours, or sometimes'Softener, yourcloor will be tried, ands youT property inspected to see that-s -otihiig has been disturbed..' -""State Examiner and Inspectorr fifcMK isright, no doubt, in con-vjemning as unsafe for inmates of-tfce Confederate Home at Pewee Val-"Iy a road on which "automobilesmre constantly passing." -But whatrod or street is safe anywhere forrmm. the young and agile 'when mur-4 jAer done by drunken drivers and byxvd hoes not intoxicated is sotJlimrely punished? '" ---'' TTji oatafflce' department . aome-tplaims of - the difficultyfeare ik deciphering addresses- emetttr. Yet, it is sometimeswav Varv ttmm TTTVT". T WJ HVW .&L -,!.- .t. -:..;.-.uuice, giving; cuauges ui uuavriici.sj, ... ,,, iii -iacmresses, written so uiegiuiy wccahnot make them out. Why not encourage a little., care in the postoffice? We now know that Paris has 'aboutthe laziest man in the world. As wewprp nnRsine' thA "Rao flninfort-. UnaLine waiting station at -the corner Iof Main and Third streets, theother daywe noted a well-dressedfellow leaning carelessly againstthe doorway. In one hand he had abunch of peanuts and a nutcrackerin the other, which he was using ina lazy manner to- crack -the nuts.How's that for labor-saving?The matron of a certain Kentuckyhospital (not Paris) reports thatdiscipline is difficult to enforce insuch' institutions, for the nurses, especially the younger ones, often refuse to be corrected, take offense attrifles and leave if those in. authority resent their irritation. The bestsort of girl, the matron finds, is theone who has been trained to playgames, has had some kind of drilling, and knows what team playmeans.What is one man's holiday is an-rother man's penance. A man wholikes the sort of entertainment offered at summer resorts might not getmuch enjoyment from "roughing it"in the woods. For' a little whileeach year it is well for each memberof the family to "have his rather."If husband and wife do not wantthe same kind of holiday, there isno reason why they should take"their holiday together.It happened at a recent dance inParis. The dance room was notcrowded, and there was plenty ofroom for the dancers to gyrate in.Somebody had accidently dropped asmall quantity of cornmeal on thefloor. Over in one corner of theroom stood a couple who had justretired from active exercise on thefloor. The girl observed the cornmeal. -"I wonder," she said, "whythey put cornmeal on the floor whenthey dance?" Her companion reflected a moment, and then a brightidea struck him. "Oh, that's to makethe 'chickens' feel atTiome."BEGISTEB! KEGISTER!LET EVERY DEMOCRAT, MANAND WOMAN. REGISTER ON JULY10 AND 11, IN BOTH CITY ANDCOUNTY. (tf)SALE OF BURLEY ASSOCIATIONSTOCK PROGRESSINGSales of the preferred stock of thewarehousing corporations of theBurley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation "for the centralwarehousing district, in the handsof the Security Trust Company, atLexington, are progressing nicely.Charles N. Manning, president ofthe Trust Company, said, but growers will hrcve opportunity to subscribe for the issue up to and including June" 15. This preferredstock is being issued to realize thecash necessary to swing the takingover of the warehouses, some of thewarehouses having chosen one ofthe options requiring part paymentin cash, though many have accepted the preferred stock and bonds inlieu of cash for the entire amountdue them.James C. Wilson & Company, ofLouisville are the fiscal agents forpreferred stock of the other warehousing corporations and are handling an issue of $700,000.Some of the members of the association haVe gotten these preferredstock issues confused with the common stock, which is issued only togrowers. While the preferred stockis an investment stock, paying 6 percent, guaranteed dividend annually,it has, of course, no voting power,that being vested in the commonstock, which may be held by growers only. The preferred stock may"be held by growers or non-growers,but it is the desire of President Jas.C Stone, Director of WarehousesRalph M. Barker, and the other officers and directors of the associationthat as much of this prefergred stockas possible be taken by members ofthe association, in order that noneof it may fall into possible unfriendly hands.BHEUHATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almbst every 'case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write 'for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind7oMephlstophelM. ,-The name MephistqphelH is fromthe Greek, and it meani "He who lovesnot light." .The name wassgiven toSatanic personage of the Middle ages,who in Ihe Faust legend is appointedto obey -Faust's commands, accordingto the terms jjjl, which the latter hasSO NERVOUSSHE.- 4WOULD ALMOST.SCREAM ALOUDMrs. Frush Gives a Strong Story ofHer Sufferings Declares thatTanlac-Has Restored Her To Finest Health."Tanlac has proved to be theright medicine for me," said Mrs.Rae Frush, 326 Hamilton street,Toledo, Ohio."About two years ago my stomachbegan bothering me and I got so Icould" scarcely eat anything withoutsuffering the worst kind of indigestion. I had a stuffed-up feeling and.severe pains in my stomach andchest. I was so weak and nervous Icouldn't even sweep a room withoutstopping to rest. The least noise,and "sometimes the prattle of mybaby1, would get me so nervous Iwould almost scream out loud. Awful nausea and sick headache addedto my troubles and I almost despaired of ever regaining my health."A nurse told me how fine Tan-4ac would be in my case and I triedit. I have been built up to where Ican do all my. housework, have agood appetite, my nerves are steadyand in fact I enjoy the finest health.I am only too glad to tell othersabout this grand medicine."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists, (adv)REBATING DENIED IN LIABILITY.INSURANCEAgents wro write surety bondsand liability insurance are bound bythe same laws and rules as thosewho write life and fire insuranceand therefore cannot handle premiums in such a way as to constituterebating, the Court of Appeals heldat Frankfort in upholding the reJusal of James E. Ramey, insurancecommissioner of Kentucky, to granta license to Dave Lyman, secretaryof the Kentucky Association ofhighway contractors to write bondsand liability insurance.The Court held that the plan Lyman proposed of turning in premiums to the organizations be used inpaying his salary ,and office expense would constitute rebating. Lyman attacked the action of the commissioner on the ground that the rebating statutes did not , includebonding and liability companies andthat the plan he proposed was notrebating.wOA writer wants to kviow' whatcanbe done increase the public's interest in good literature. Why not passa law against it?oA Chicago spiritualist says that aghost knocked him out of his chair.That's one case where the spiritmoved him.HOUSE FOR SALEFour large rooms, hall, front andback porch, pantry and bath room,gas and lights, good cistern, housenewly painted, in excellent condition; lot 50x142.MRS. H. C. BRADLEY,(13-2t) 551 Vine -Street.EXCURSIONCincinnati, 0.,And Return Via$2.00 L. & N. $2.00Further Reduction For Children,Sunday, June 18, 1922Special train will leave Paris 8:20a. m., returning will leave FourthStreet Station, Cincinnati, 6:30 p.m., Central Standard Time, (7:30 p.m., City Time.) For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.june9-3t)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to " LexingtonLexington . To Paris7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. 7:00"a. m.J)f05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. ; 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. , 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. m. . 2:00 p. m.4:015 p. m;4 " 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. - 5:J)0 p. m7:05 p. m. - 6:00-p. m!8:15 Prm. 7:00 p. m.10:65 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p: m. 11:00-' p. m.Cash Fare, 10c;, Ticket Fare, 64c.Commutation it trip monthly book,$12.00. f Tickets, single trip,"or Inamantitiea, date unlimited, sold -W.tweem all PoUta at reduced rates. ;TXAGTKm ? AIBITIUI-' -r X-The restaurant at th corner ofPleasant and Tenth streets, is forrentr For terms, etc., seeTHOMAS A'HEARN;(mayl6-tf)NewandUsed FurnitureTrade in your old furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(aufc-15-tf)For Sale or RentNine-room, two-story brick house,with all modern conveniences, atSeventh street and Higgins avenue;also five-room cottage, on Seventhstreet, adjoining City School; allmodern conveniences.MRS. JAKE ELVOVE,(2-tf) Home Phone 198.NOTICELawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Scissors and knives ground.We weld and repair all metals incommon use and do general machinerepair work.SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.(apr21-tf,LARD FOR SALEI have for sale a large quantity ofpure countrylard, at 15 cents perpound.MRS. JAMES H. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 256-W., R. F. D., No. 8.(june2 tf)EGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home" Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O. CR0MBD3.HOUSE FOR SALEFour large rooms, hall, front andback porch, pantry and ba$h room,gas and lights, good cistern, housenewly painted, in excellent condition. Lot 50x142.MRS. H. C. BRADLEY,551 Vine Street.C6-2t)STREET LETTING!BOARD OF COUNCIL, PARIS, KY.,BOURBON COUNTY.Sealed proposals will be receivedat the office of the Board of Councilin their office-in the First NationalBank Building, City of Paris, Kentucky, and in the Council Chamber,City Building, City of Paris, Kentucky, until 8 o'clock p. m., on the5th day of July, 1922, to constructMain Street, from Fourteenth Streetto Twentieth Street.Bids will be received on vitrifiedbrick on a six inch concrete foundation, three types of street asphalt ona six-inch foundation, bithulithicconstruction on a six-inch foundation, wood blocks and Kentucky rockasphalt on seven inches of macadamI foundations, well rolled, or othertype or paved streets. Samples ofvitrified brick must be furnished. Acertified check or bidder's bond tothe amount of 10 per cent (10) ofthe total aggregate of bid must besubmitted with bid. This check Jto bereturned upon the execution of thecontract and the bond of approvedsurety, received as specified. In theevent bond for the faithful performance of his contract is not executedby the successful bidder in ten daysafter the award is made, in thatevent the sum so deposited shall beforfeited to the City of Paris, Ken-,tucky, as liquidated damages. Thedeposits made by unsuccessful bidders shall be returned to such unsuccessful bidders immediately afterthe award. is made.A surety company bond satisfactory to the Board of -Council will berequired of the successful bidder inthe sum of thirty percent (30)of the estimated cost of the work.The nature and extent of the bondrequired will be ,the guarantee for aperiod of five years from the acceptance of the work by the Board ofCouncil against any and all defectsdue to defective or faulty workmanship or material.The surety shall be a guarantee ofa Surety Company authorized to dobusiness in the State of Kentuckyand- approved by the Board of Council. Drawings and specifications ofwork will be on file in the omcepfthe City Clerk in the Firt NationalBank Building, Paris, Kentucky.The .Board-of Council reserves therightto reject any and all bids andalso tharisht to award contract tolowest andeat bidder.BOARD OF COUNCIL,&Br.B.B. .JANUARY.'f'-'tar-mrAN3f -A --r - 'r - 'IMWJmnWiAn Ordinance Providine For theOriginal Construction .of .MainStreet From FourteenthStreet ,i m x- .l i. TTTM.1. Tr-i-is ,i portion assessed against the abuttingto Twentieth Street With Vitnneaj property may be paid on the ten-M.V ai,oH wA.Kfi.iV wkear Payment plan as provided by"""' Jf""V, iUUUWU .. WW.,Blocks, Bock Asphalt, ConcretePaving ob Other Type of ParedStreets and By the Constructionof Curbs and Gutters on BothSides Thereof Except Where the. Same- Is Already Constructed -in.Conformity With SpecificationsFor the Proppsed Work, and Providing For the Payment of theCost Thereof.BE IT ORDAINED, By the Mayorand t.hfi "Rnarri of firm n nil of t.hpCity of Paris, Kentucky, in regular-meeting assembled in the City Hall,in Paris, Kentucky, on Thursdaynight, the 25th day of May, 1922,that pursuant to resolution heretofore adopted by the Board of Council on April the 13, 1922, whichresolution was published as requiredby law, the following describedstreet in the City of Paris be improved by the original constructionof the roadway thereof with vitrified brick, asphalt, bithulithic woodblocks, rock asphalt, concrete pavingor other,, type of paved streets andby the construction of curbs andgutters on both sides thereof, exceptwhere the same is already constructed in conformity with the .plans andspecifications for the proposed work,namely: Main street from Fourteenth street to Twentieth street.2. The said improvement shall bemade according to "plans and specifications to be adopted by the Boardof Council in the City of Paris, Kentucky, and that a. suitable and competent engineel be employed to prepare such plans and specifications.3. That the cost of improvingsaid roadway shall be paid as follows, to-wit: The abutting propertyowners on either side of said streetshall "pay one-third of the cost ofsaid street and the cost of "all curbing and guttering in front of theirrespective lots. The KentuckyITraction and Terminal Companyshall pay the expense of paving between the rails of their tracks anda distance of eighteen inches on theoutside of the rails and the remaining cost shall be paid by the Cityof Paris out of the general funds, andin addition thereto the City of Parisshall pay the entire cost of the improvement of the inter-sections withother public ways, including one-halfof the width of the street being improved opposite other streets or alleys, which run into "but do ' notrlcross the street so being improved,and that portion of any street abutting on the property belonging tothe City, of Paris, who shall pay thecosts of all improvements where theabutting owner is a public school,cemetery, county, State or UnitedStates. The costs of the abuttingproperty owners shall be apportioned and assessed upon the lots orWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford Parts vExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage Supplies- Cars Washed(tf)Hall DestroysMillions of DollarsThe loss of tobao PWH. - -and othe? tobacco OT M ODICCOstates within the " 'WW Wrun t? inmfi! May Get Yours Any Daylions of dollars with only a small par.t covered by insurance.Yet, the amount of insurance received by growers who had theforesight thus to protect themselves agamsf such loss, wasenormous and should make every grower jiot only feel thenecessity of insuring his tobacco crop against hail storms lossbut to do that very thing and do it at once.What Dr. Halley Says: ?r'TSaTev! R " -f rJW Burley Tobacco Growers Cooperative Association, upon congratulating an insurance company on Jowering its rates on tobacco hail insurance, said,"Within the period that I have had hail insurance I have hadfour severelosses. The money"! received exceeded considerably what I paid in, to say nothing of my peace of mind that1 was fully protected in case of a storm. I have always advocated carrying hail insurance on tobacco without which' everygrower takes a chance to lose all, With it he can, in safety, gointo the business of producing a crop which requires', as docstobacco, so much labor, time and money..Now that the Burley Growers have gone into an organizationto handle their business in a "modern economic business-lika. way, I sec no reason, why all growers can not take eut-iasuraacaon tha reduced rates the compamies are aow quoting." -Look up the insurance agent ia yoaTsectiaa aow. aadUtprotect you-against the. loss ayaar tahacco. PoKciss aativJuly 1 0th, aaoa. C " -" 'parcels of real estate auttia fwtand a taxshall 1m levied ue suchlots or parcels of real eetate fer thepayment of the costs aseeseedthere. fV; " .1.:..,.-'t-n KrV.ttU 4. 111 T- A JuPn the completion of the-ork. and'acceptance thereof by the Board ofCouncil, provided, however, that thelaw.4. Any such tax which is notpaid within thirty days after thesame becomes, due and payable, unless the property owners shall haveexercised their option to pay for thesame on the ten-year payment planas above provided, shall have addedthereto a penalty of ten per cent, onthe amount of the tax, and thereshall be a lien upon such lots orparcels- of real estate forthe part of the costs ' ofsaid improvements so assessed thereon and the samevshall bear interestat the rate of six per cent per annum from -time of assessment untilpaid.5. This ordinance shall have tworeadings before the Board of Council and ten days shall intervene be-ween 'he and second reading.Upon the final adoption of this ordinance the Improvement Committeeis directed to advertise for bids fortwo consecutive weeks in THEBOURBON NEWS and KentuckianCitizen, newspapers published inBourbon County, Kentucky, the official publications of the City ofParis, for the construction of saidstreets out of each of the materialsas herein provided, and shall let thebid to the lowest and best bidder onthe material adopted for the construction of the said street. SaidCommittee shall require a cash deposit or certified check from eachbidder for an amount equal to ten percent of the total aggregate of hisbid to insure compliance with saidbid. In- the avent the successfulbidder fails to enter into a contractwith the City of Paris for the performance of said work and give goodand sufficient bond conditioned forthe faithful performance of his contract within ten days after theaward is made, then in that eventthe sum so deposited shall be forfeited to the City of Paris as liquidated damages for such failure toenter into such contract and execute" such bond. The deposits madeby unsuccessful bidders shall be returned to such unsuccessful biddersimmediately after the award is made.6. All bids shall be in writingand sealed and addressed to J. W.Hayden, Clerk of the -City of Paris,and shall be opened in the presenceof the- Board of Council at a regularmeeting of said Council at the CityHall held on the night of 5th dayof July, 1922.7. This ordinance shall becomeeffective and 'be in full force fromand after its passage and publication as required by law.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN,5" Clerk.June 12, 1922.LOSTSomewhere in Paris, on the streetsor in the stores, a bevel-edged plateglass mirror, belonging to a ladies'handbag. Finder please leave atTHE NEWS office.Chairman" iMBTovWt-CoeiMitr- - ,h." " y "1 x "i-rrV,. " -'-feif 7;i.-ifiawtr:t.AcTZJ r-5L-f CJ$mHZ$Ml?f'.""cX- -V'WW5'tvL t.-i'CSfc-fc rjsrJ&fZ-r r&i,jFr-sr.Hhc iA -l-sfcjrW-c- '" J' -siSfaacT it sr as " r 1-- r. mjr-,wt - i j t. j iw -. -r . rv - - - "2P -v-v:-&'Sfcr--gete iieea;Irotm ,tlie'foet-!KHjuiis. soui to-satan. - ,man W4 -fiiiSSs . rs fv teyw'f ". &&.'Z.sseakJjn s?z?- Vt.jajaT3JiF.-Vrf-'rVFRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1922CHAUTAUQUA ORATORSELECTS VITAL TOPICDr. Huber W. Hurt to Speak on-. "The New Industrial Day."Well-Known Lecturer Will Set Forth'Jp-Sui - collective Llvfng.5The New Industrial Day" will bethe subject of a challenging lectureto be given at the comtoge(foathChautauqua by Dr. Huber WJ Hurfscholar, writer and orator.This Is a lecture which sets forthpowerfully and convincingly practicalprinciples of individual and collectiveliving. r-wi?or rwenry years doctor Hurt ksBoctor HurtVioon cnonlrfrifr - si . ... I-"--" wivv,it.t- ii, )II1IIIMMI'UC iri tMP l' w.Atmjiw?Mw7iwmimmmixmDR. HUBER W. HURTcountry and abroad. He will be oneo fthe headliner lecturers of the Chautauqua. Doctor Hurt is a true orator. A thorough master of his subject, he makeshis ideas stand forth vivid and realto his hearers.During the war he was chief of theEducational Division of the Foreign-Press Bureau of theCommittee onPublic Information.CHAUTAUaUA WEEK HEREJULY 12TH TO 19THWHOLESOME AMUSEMENTSThe future of the young people ofa country town depends largely onthe -kind of amusements they have.If the townspeople are too indifferent to plan and organize wholesomediversions, the young crowd will beslipping around to other places for"cheap sports, or engaging in undesirable pastimes nearer home.The country life campaign of thefuture" must plan better for itsyoung people's good times. Theyneed their ball teams and their dra--maticclubs and their dances, just asmuch as a young colt needs a chanceto kick up its heels. Deprive themof the enjoyments that are naturalto their age, they get sore andgrouchy, and the first ' thing youknow they are taking a job in somecity.KENTUCKY POSTOPEICE NOMINATIONS CONFIRMEDhe Senate confirmed the nominations of the following persons tobe postmasters in Kentucky:Luther P. Maxley, Adairville;Leonard J. Hammel, Bonnyman;Ward H. Metcalfe, Brooksville; Harvey H. Pheriga, Clay City; Carl S.Boone, Leitchfield; Tom H. Brown,.Millersburg, and, Zephaniah Harrel,Rockport.As the days go by, it begins taappear that the crime wave is at permanent wave.ECZEMAMoney back without questionIf HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt' e Salve and Soap),fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,RinEworm.Tetterorotheritch-ing skin diseases. Try tbietreatment at our rltk.. VARDE5 & SON,Paris, Ky.Banner. LyeSP is easy to useNo otherlye is packed sosafely and conveniently, or is so economicalnot a bit wasted.No other iye or soap cleans and disinfects60 easily and thoroughly as Banner Life. Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theForld has ever known. Use it for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, forsoftening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in half.Makes pure soap3yWoaeytskJ. . . a OsmtfMmm$r If, 5 powtfs of IdtdMM.Cfttat,t iMbt' gywotk (no boitimg or UrftkttttasViUftdwifem JApMofertt haiinR3USTin AVHhIv ..bwdTtW) yum"imVi" '" -THE BOURBON -NEWS, PARIS, KENTUGKt ' r X. i- rviHV" FifliflLMiiPARK CHAIN FROMOCEAN TO OCEANwafi5iH33S3Ea&National Park Director MatherOutlines Plan- for System ..Beaching Across Country.vr-IS NaT GOVERKLPROJECTScheme Is Purely a tatd Proposition,but Will Hav Approval and As-sletanceof National Govern-ment FollowRail Routes.Omaha, Neb. A dream of a part-- -fam ni ww i, AfinJat-- " J.tu.mu, aj.ui.ia luc .uuuuv i"ii.. T- -in . . -ill i iti' ii' 3-iiiiiiv null si iiii'u I ill- null Hof the great travel -highways was outlined in Omaha by Stephen T. Matherof Chicago, director of the governmentnational park system. Mr. Matheremphasized that while these park linesare not sponsored by the governmentj and are purely state projects, theyhave the approval of the national system In every way."It is a gigantic undertaking," saysMr. Mather.Mr. Mather is now in the West getting the great national parks, Yellowstone, Tosemite, Rocky Mountain, Zlonand the other playgrounds, ready forthe coming sight-seeing season."Many of the states are working onthese park lines now," says Mr.Mather, "and we hope to have othersInterested very quickly."Will Follow Rail Routes.West of the Mississippi these parklines, as outlined by Mr. Mather, will JfWllnw nlnoolir fho hfcr trnriGPnnHriPnf-nliin it n TQfarn nf nnrira1U1I.IUUU iiXXta. Vv, VJVS.will follow the Southern Pacific roadfrom New Orleans across Texas, NewMexico and Arizona to California. Asecond line will follow the MissouriPacific and Santa Fe from St. Louisthrough Kansas City and on to thePacific through Kansas and the stateswest. A third line of parks will follow the Union Pacific from Omahaacross Nebraska, Wyoming, Utah andNevada to San Francisco, withbranches at Ogden to, Los Angeles andPortland. Still another park systemwiU extend from jgt Paul and Minneapolis out to Seattle.East of the Mlssfssippi these lines ofparks will follow trade routes .acrossNew York, northern Ohio and Indianato Chicago; across Pennsylvania, central Ohio and Indiana t Chicago andSt. Louis; across Maryland, WestVirginia, southern Ohio and Indiana toSt. Louis and down the Atlantic coastand around to New Orleans."The national government has nothing officially to do with these parklines," Mr. Mather states, "but we areassisting all along the line. Theseparks will be under the control of thedifferent states. They will be smallcompared with the vast governmentplaygrounds.. Some of them will contain but a few acres. Here they willtake In a bit of rough land with anespecially fine view; there the parkmay border on a small lake, again iimay be on the banks of a stream, itmay commemorate some act of statewide Importance; it may be locatedaround a landmark, etc. All thesesmall parks will work right In withthe national system."The day of the park and of thegreat outdoors has-come in America.The people are getting ready to play'again. We are expecting the largest'crowds at the national parks thiscoming season that have "visited themfor a number of years."Fonve or six years the Americanpeople have done very little playing.There was the war and there was theexpense of travel. But the war is overand traveling expenses have been materially reduced."Steamship lines to Europe are adverrislng a specific amount as the ex-1pense of a. trip abroad, everything ineluded. To offset this the governmentpark service has figured the necessarycost, including railroad fare, Pullmanand dining car extras and the expenseIn the parks themselves. While ourservice has nothing to do with expenses outsidB the park, It has everything to do with those -within the parkboundaries, and we have forced thetotal cost down to a minimum.May Use-Different Roads."The government service has arranged with the railroads 'which reachthese parks to take passengers in atone entrance and permit them 'to leavethe parks at entirely different gateways and use a different railroadthenceforth, if they wish to do so."From inquiries the park service ls.recelving now, we believe the word'pleasure' Is coming back into thevocabularly of the ordinary people,and this year these great westernparks-., will entertain their largestcrowds for many yeare If not in theirHistories."The people are going to enjoy thegreat outdoors more in the future thanthey have in the past, and when thedifferent states complete these chainsof state parks across the country theAmerican people will get a new Ideaof what it means to be out-of-doors."Agd Man Still Rides Bicyclt.Dover, 0.-3John R. Reese, agedelghty-fijte years, retired mill workeramd one of the owner- of the firstiroa mills In this city, has-ridlebicycle 01,000 miles,' a dlttaBcealsiosteqal to fair times arond thtwocld,and be is stin rimM.Hls ride.awaverse toe jaUeer a-ax?Tbe: awiefPERSONALSMrs. Ada Fishback is a guest ofrelatives in Bowling Green.Miss Grace Donaldson is ill ather apartmgnts in the RobneelBuilding1.Miss Nellie McClintQck is yisiting her sister, Mrs. Frank L. Lapsley ,Jn Shelbyville.Mrs. M. B. McCurdy. has .returned from a ten-days' visit to relatives in-Alabama cities.F. W. Langston, of Mississippi,&$ Sau uk 5 "i 3 dU? -i-ford Langston, near Paris'.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry will return this week frma trip to Washington, D. C, and New York City.Mrs. T. S. Smylie and little son,Ted, have returned from an extended visit to relatives in Ravenswood,West Virginia. gHugh Ragland, of Abernathy,Texas, is visiting at the home ofMr. and Mrs. R. K. Farris, onEighth street.Miss Mildred Burch, of Tyler,Texas, is a guest of Miss AlmaLouise Goldstein, at her home onHiggins avenue.Mrs. M. H. Davis has returnedto her home in Mayslick after a visitto her mother, Mrs. Wm. Hukill,Sr., on Broadway.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Slade, Mr.and Mrs. Lee Chandler and Mr.Jewell Slade have returned to theirhomes in "Cynthiana after a visit toParis relatives.Mrs. Mattie Purnell, of Henderson street, will leave in a few daysto join her daughters, Misses Bessand Agnes Purnell, who are sojourning at Lake Chautauqua, New York.Mrs. J. W. Peck, of Falmouth,en routeto attend the commencement exercises at the University ofKentucky, was a guest several days..,this week of relatives and friends inthis city.Mrs. J. S. Turner and daughter,Miss Mary Louise Turner, of Evans-ville, Indiana, are guests of tneformer's brother, D. M .True, anuMrs. True, at their home on Sixteenth street." Mr. and Mrs. J. Fred-Schofield,who have charge of the musical service at the revival being conducted at the Paris Baptist church, areguests at the home of Mrs. WalterClark, on "Fifteenth street.Miss Ida Rankin, who has beenattending the Kentucky School .forthe Blind, at Louisville, has returned to spend the .summer vacation with her mother, Mrs. MaryRankin, on Ferguson street.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland isa guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Giltner, in Lexington. Mrs.Giltner is recovering from the effects of an operation performed at aLexington hospitalfor adenoids.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Clay andchildren, Miss Mary Ewalt Clay, andHenry Clay, Jr., have returned totheir home in Spencer county.Henry Clay, Jr., was a member ofthe 1922 graduating class of theParis High School.Misses Olivia Orr and VirginiaHancock, Ms. C. 0. Hinton and Mrs.Chas. R. Alexander, of Paris, attended the sessions of the Womans'Missionary Society of the-MethodistChurclf, Kentucky Conference, heldin Shelbyville, this week.Mr. and Mrs. W. 0. Hinton attended the sessions of the Kentucky Funeral Directors' Associationheld in Louisville, this week. Whilethere they were guests .of Mr. andMrs. Keith P. Snyder, the latter asister of Mrs. Hinton.Miss Alma Louise Goldsteinhas returned from Cincinnati, whereshe has heen a student at 'the Conservatory of Music for the past year,to spend the summer vacation atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Chas. S. Goldstein, on Higginsavenue.The Kansas City, Mo., Star, hastne toiiowmg social noie in a iutissue. miss dtJciiiemt; jrcianu. ."uMr. Robert K. Ryland will give asmall dinner in the country to-morrownight in compliment to MissAnna Douglas Swinney, of Paris,Ky. Miss Ryland will leave Saturday to spend the summer with MrsrEdward W. Moses, , in ColoradoSprings."The following from out-of-townattended the funeral and burial ofMrs. Lucy Redmon Quinb, inthis city: Rodney Quinby, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Mr. and Mrs. Emmett D. Redmon, Cincinnati; Mr.and Mrs. L. K. Redmon, Louisville;John T.' Redmon and Talbott Redmon, Lexington; Mr. and Mrs. A. B.Barkley, Jr., A. B. Barkley, Sr.,Georgetown.(Other Personals on Page 5)"CONTRIBUTORS, PLEASENOTICE!TAKEIn- preparing typewritten "copyfor THE NEWS, it is best to usedouble spacing, as single-spacingdoes not leave sufficientroom for altering, changing, or making corrections, or additions, which frequentlyhas to be done. The majority ofcontributors to the press use thesingle-spacing in preparing theircopy. This works a hardship oneditor and the linotype' operator."The Jatter jfinds.it a very difficultttnatter to", follow the "copy" accu-.rately whenj It is singie-spacea,the' copy holder on a-linotype' nia-.v.f to -nnf vai wtifo tTip ntiera-1tor," using ametal -guijie, 'to k?pjtrafeofClielliie, mdsft- a;iacoTeaieaee- to -handle? singirUU1UC' ID UUk J rw. r jimaeed op. -FWaee Talejr "tiuai.: ' v - -. Z31WB3WDEDICATION OF JEFFERSONDAVIS MONUMENT DELAYED ,Tentatively fixed, for June 3 dedication of the Jefferson Davis obeliskat .Fairview, Ky., was . deferred, according to announcement made byGeneral W. B. Haldeman, presidentof the Jefferson -Davis Home association, which has in charge the erection of the shafti .! -'4. SThe structure has-been compiet-"ed to about 188 j"eet of its contem-plated 350 feet in height, GeneralHaldeman said, and. added that itwas hoped. to finish it in time for:dedicatory ceremonies in Septemberor October. The fund for the work,however, he stated, still- was about$30,000 short of the requiredamount and its collection might delay completion until next year. Inthat event, the chairman said, theobelisk probably would not be dedicated until June 3, 1923, the anniversary of Jefferson Davis' birth.The monument is located inSouthwestern Kentucky on thefarm where the war time presidentof the Confederate States of America was borir. --AGENTS WANTEDMen and women to handle citytrade and retail the original andgenuine Watkins Products, Remedies, Extracts, Spices, Toilet Requisites, Household Specialties, Automobile Accessories, etc. Over 150guaranteed products. Our valuesare unparallelled and WatkinsQuality is ' in a class by itself.Write to-day for free sample andfull details of our offer and what itmeans to you.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.,(9-4t) Dept. 77, Memphis, Tenhr1 vo 'imGAS TIP CAME AS ACCIDENTWhile practically all inventionshaving to do with the rendition ofthe essential public utility serviceshave romatic histories, none is moreinteresting than that of the gas tip,0 common in homes and factorieswhere there is gas illumination. 1 XThomas Murdock, a Scotchman,who is generally referred to as "thefather of the gas industry" desiredto stop the flow of gas which wasburning- from an open tube duringone of his experiments, more than a100 years ago. To accomplish thishe-clapped a thimble over the flame.The thimble had been pierced, andthe gas coming through the hole insmaller volume was- brought intocontact with a greater proportionof air at the point of combustion.This incident is said to have beenresponsible for the origin of- the"gas tip."Murdock was a queer young man,addicted to wearing, wooden hats.He made a lantern by fixing a tubein the neck of a gas-filled bladder.The sight of him wandering aroundat night with the strange beaconfilled the neighborhood' with dismay, and some people suspected himof being in league with Lucifer.Cheer up. When business is badjust be thankful that you are not abarber in Russia."" - --'1fOiOroPropBourbon Poultry RemedyA few drops in fowls' 4"1n Afdrinking water caresVUl C9and prevents whitediarrhoea, choleraBvZf llfKand-other chickdiseases. Use daily to keep yourchicks healthy. Don't waituntilrlineasa strikes. Get it today.Smallia. Se.bal-BlBi$T3lBt$1.50.At druggists, or by mail postpaid.Bourbon Remedy Co.. Lexington. Ky.Sold ByARBERY DRUG CO.(till July 1-F)Organized under the provisions of the Federal Farm loan ActThe Loan That Never Gomes DueUnless and until the borrower wishes to pay ijtLoans on farm property on the amortization plan for a term of 40years in amounts ranging from $1tO00 to $45,000, at 6. $66.46 peryear on each $1,000 of loan pays hoth .principal and interest.,'liberal prepayment privileges.- No commissions no renewals.For further information write orcallKentucky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Building - Lexington, KentuckyOPERATED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISIONWe Have a Large Stock of Monuments 00We.haye reduced the pjripfs xm those on handled55 we guarantee to she quality aactcateiat.inKLprMej. ,I THE MURRAYr . r--i -- " .c y. LSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSBSSSSSBBBBBflBVHBSSBMHI;-- . - , , , - " .. .. ,ggagaMi"Small Keys open Bi DoorsV SSB H TmflBml Bsssl ''BBBi ' jSm W BbV BBh BBBBE BBBYOUR FIRST DOLLAR WILL OPENTHE WAY TO YOUR FORTUNEk- If you must go to a certain place you will never getthere unless you START.If you desire to be comfortable financially, you cannever become so unless you START to saving money.Start NOW with that money you have in your pocket."We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsIXTelephone No. 4.XXir w fPj k" W g T iaThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris, Kentucky'jCSXwjjmmFive-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station rressages isFIVE minutes where the toll rate js 25 cents or less. . -USE HOME LONG DISTANCEVParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedvcPatronize- BourbonAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.. . Hand Ready to Deliver. -. - -- -. .?A THOMASartid-jrmv H -WfB v sd -iXIWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTI ONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-1ments m laimdry appliance! mand expert helpers we are jfprepared to do:work fnfe-J'nor 10 none, ana ..solicityour patronage.:ms?.News AdvertisersOFFICERS 7G. N. Manning, President "F. H. Engelken, Vice-Pres. Tand Manager .J. D. VanHooser, Vice-Pre. ""S .A .Wallace, Sec. and Trea,sDIRECTORS - :JRoht. W. Bingham' 'u. is. Manning hL. G. CoxLouis des CognetsGeorge K. GravesF. H.oEngelken .James C. StoneJ. D. VanHooser-c- J;ueorge 1. HuntSamuel H. HalleyR. T. AndersonEdward HilliardMorgan O. HughesJ. Root. SmithS. A. Wallacei3.--',:-7tJohn G. Stoll -fL .'-BS?fc-n:-w tUM-!-Itt.Jsw . -&w:4 . i. TT,,- - -Wf5 iTgjRyyWgRr-aiywir,'!u1 'MW'"'Tf" r''-"?1' j-'j$ftrw.';'1 ''-",f'w,yV "&,.?t,';jstW,'tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1922PAGE FOURIFWI illiimiiLi i ilikjr jrr s:.&fCHICAGO COEOEED JUEISTSPEAKS IS PARISJudge William Harrison, colored,members of the Cook county bar,Chicago, -delivered an address to acrowded house at the Paris OperaHouse Monday night, at the graduating exercises of the WesternHigh School. Those who heard theaddress pronounced it fully equal inreasoning1 and eloquence to those delivered here in the past by Col. Roscoe Conkling Simmons, of Louis-'ville..At a called meeting of representatives of the City Council, ParisCommercial Club, City Board of Education and the Bourbon CountyBar Association, held Tuesday nightJLOTED EDUCATOR TO VISITJBOURBON COUNTYFrof. F. M. Wood gave the Commencement address, Wednesdaynight, June 14, to the graduatingclass of the High School at VersaillesKentucky, after which he went toLouisville, to meet Prof. C. J. Calloway, of Tuskegee Instiute, Tuskegee, Aalabama.Prof. Calloway, is the GeneralAgent of the Rosenwald SchoolBuilding Fund of eleven SouthernStates, including Kentucky and Director of the Tuskagee InstituteExtension Department, which touches nearly every State in the Union.Prof. Calloway, in company withProf. Wood, Director of the RosenRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In Religions!Circles For Iresent andFuture -in the offices of the Peoples-Deposit f Sdul Building Fund in Ken-Bank, Mayor E. B. anuary wasasked to invite Judge Harrison tocome to Paris and deliver an addressbefore an audience of white peopleat the Paris High School auditorium to-night at eight o'clock, andthat Prof. F. M. Wood, principal ofthe Western High School, be invitedto introduce him to the audience. FIRE DEPARMENT HAS TWORUNS - -tucky, and Dr. F. C. Button, StateSuperviser of Rural School Buildings, two of which are located inBourbon county, are making a tourthrough Kentucky inspecting various rural school buildings.-0"It is one medicine that does allthat's claimed for if." Thousandshave said it about Tanlac and sowill you if you try it. Tanlac issold by all good dreuggists.,ALL WHITESPORTHATSVALUES$5 .00 .to $8.50$2.95TO$5.00DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYiiMrs. J. W. Downs, of Nashville,Tenn., one of the Secretaries of the'Board of Missions of the M. B.Church, South, will speak at the!Paris Methodist church Sunday.evening: at 7:30. Mrs. Downs is averv able speaker, well acquainted!with the entire mission work of thejchurch, and will bring a messagethat ought to be heard by every one..A cordial invitation is extended toeveryone to hear Mrs. Downs.At 10:45 a. m. Sunday, Rev. C.H. Greer will have for his theme at'the Methodist churchy "Some Results of. a Great Church Enterprise."The Sunday School will meet at9:30 a. m.; and the Epworth Leaguewill hold its session t 6:45 p. m.There will be a meeting of the Centenary Cabinet at 3:00 p. m. 'Tfte Bible School, of the NorthMiddletown Ohristian m church willentertain the Men's Bible Class ofof the Eminence church on June 18.Two years ago 120 members of theAn alarm from Box 23 aljout fivenVlnnk Tuesdav mornine: called thedepartment to the vicinity "of the North Middletown class wnt tocovered oriuge on me ureurseiuwn Emjnence as winners or a contest.pike. Two frame houses belongingto Tom Wilson, colored,were. . .on.fire. The department, by pumpingi Rev G w. Eldred, pastor of thefrom the creek close by, saved onehouse, but a one-story frame was entirely destroyed. Firemen carried"Henry Puckett's wife and childrenfrom the burning building. Therewas no insurance on the propertydestroyed, or on the household .effects of the occupants.A blaze starting in the basementof the Drury Bakery, on Main, between Eighth and 'Ninth, about oneo'clock, Wednesday morning, was extinguished by the department, withsmall property loss. The fire originated from Jieat in a baking ovensetting fire to the wooden joisfs inthe floor. sFire Wind and Lightning Insnrsince THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANWE HAVE THENECESSARIESMenu. BREAKFASTOrangesPost ToastiesSwift's Premium Breakfast Bacon,(we slice it)Hot Biscuits of Lexington CreamsFlour Brookfield Butterand that famous Whitehouse Coffee.Give us a ring Phones, Cumb. 872;Home 379TAUL & STONEIsp Sparkling 111I . oAmerican Comedy 1lira in"TumtotheRight"NEW YORK CASTUeSIWmA play that has scoreda tremendous successwherever presented.Fun, Pathos, Thrills.0FOURTH NIGHTRedpath Chautauqua18 Splendid Attractions 7 Big DaysSEASON TICKETSj$2.75They will now have the pleasure ofp.ntfirtainine: the Eminence class.Eminence church, will preach, andthe 'two classes will have lunch together, following the service. -THE BOURBON GUN CLUBWe held our regular shoot Weduesday afternoon with twenty-fivelooking over the traps. Eight ofthem were visitors, two professionals. Come again, boys, we are always iglad to have you with us. Somegood scores were made. The trophy for this shpot, $10 worth ofsilk stockings or 'hose, donated byFrank & Co., was won by CatlettBuckner. Always glad to have visitors. State Sho ftere July 18,19 and 20. - Scores: ,nafc'ot At BrokeAmos TurneV 125 122H. Hall.. 100 97J. CJ. Kennev 100 95A. Buckner 100Alfred Clay. 100J. C. Ward. . 100H. Herndon 100A. B. Perkins. ." . . . .100Fred Burgin 100JH. E. Anderson 100J. D. Nash 75W. Kenney . . . . . . . . 75' K Aw. K. iverguson.. .. .. ouR. H. Hughes 50J. L. Dodge '50Lee Hardman 50W. Buckner 50J. W. Bell 50J. R. Pendleton &0Roxie Davis 50R. Jones 50Wm. Arderv. Sr 50Wm. Arderv. Jr 50() 20 Gauge.ROXIE DAVIS, Sec.REGISTER! REGISTER!LET EVERY DEMOCRAT, MANAND WOMAN, REGISTER ON JULY10 AND 11, IN BOTH CITY ANDCOUNTY. (tf)Young "people from all sectionsof the State are attending the conference in progress at Hamilton College in Lexington, under auspicesof the Kentucky Christian Bible Association. Young people betweenthe. ages of fifteen and twenty-five,of all faiths, are enrolled. Dailyclass work and guided recreationmake up the program of the conference. The Lexington Christian Endeavor Union gave a reception Wednesday night in honor of the visit-Nors, many of whom were from Parisand Bourbon county.A quota of $1, 000, 000 is to beraised through the Northern andSouthern branches of the Presbyfeian church in Kentucky for the benefit of seven colleges, according toan announcement by Dr. Henry H.Sweets, in charge of State headquarters at the Presbyterian Seminary,Louisville. The movement will beunder the direction of the churchfor Christian Education and willbenefit Centre College and the Kentucky College for Women at Danville; the Presbyterian Seminary inLouisville; Lee Collegiate Institute;Matthew T. Scott, Jr., Academy,1Say re College, Lexington, and thePresbyterian Orphanage at Anchorage.939191898883776762604343424241393838373326FOR SALE3 Pool Tables; ues; Balls; Racks;1 Gas Heater;1 Electric Fan;I Ice Box; 'Will sell chap.HOME PHONE 90.(16-2t)WANTED ATONCE' First-class plumbers with tools.Permanent work. Wire, we will refund transportation to efficient men.MASTER PLUMBERS ASSOCIATION, " ' ' " i r, -Fourthand Liberty, Louisville, Ky.flELP wanted;Wanted, two sales- ladies for Saturday-work.Must be over eighteen.No experience necessary we. teachyou. Apply at once.(It) S. H. KRESS & CO.FOR SALEA bargain. Three Pocket Billiard"Tables, with complete equipment.Can be'seen in operation, before,July 1. ' 3ivan divier & prewitt;(13-2t) Harrodsburg, Ky.PLANTS FOR SALELate cabbage and tomato plants,any size you may want, in anyquantity desired, from June 5 toJuly 15. Do COt buy dead plants.Get them fresh from the beds., JOE LATO7, .(6-4t) 332 W. Eighth Street.$10ForLostPuppyWill pay $10 reward for return ofdark gray 6-weeks-old puppy policedog, which strayed from our homeat Eighth and Pleasant streets, lastTuesday evening.A. B. HANCOCK,(16-3t) Paris, Ky.-CHRISTIAN CHURCH NOTESServices will be held as usualat 10:45 a. m. and 7:30 p.m. Inthe morning Rev. W E Ellis' subject will be "The Red Trial," andin the evening, "The Judgment ThatCounts" There will be special music at both services..Christian Endeavor will meet at6:30 p. m. in the church parlors.The topic will be, "Duties; WhatThey Are and How to Do Them."Miss Mabel Templin will lead.Bible School will meet promptlyat 9:30. You are cordially invited.oPYTHIANS ATTEND GRANDLODGE MEETINGNotice to HamiltonFund BeneficiariesThe Commissioners of the Hamilton Fund will meet benefiiciaries at; the court house, in Paris, onThursday, june 22, 1922,at 8:30 o'clock a. m. Please bringyour report cards and expense ac-Icounts.New applicants may present themselves at 10:00 a. m., on the same'day and same place and should alsobrine: reports from the school theyattended during the past year. 'MRS. J. J. CONNELL,MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,MRS. W. D. McINTYRE,Commissioners.i?NOTICE!During the months ofJune, July and Augustour grocery departmentwill be -closed on Thursday afternoon, and nodeliveries will be made.Our bakery departmentwill remain open.PARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, Manager&NEW SPECIAL PRICESOIN ALLCHAUTAUQUAThe following from RathboneLodge, Knights of Pythias, attendedthe K. of P. Grand Lodge meeting,iield in Louisville this week, thesessions closing Wednesday evening:Thomas M. "Funk, John K. Cahal, P.M. Heller, P. J. McCord, Roscoe' Carmichael, Wm White, N. H. Ecklarand Louis Wollstein. Mrs. JesseGardner and Mrs. Rachel Harp represented the local order of PythianSisters, the woman's auxiliary of theorder.At the closing session SenatorWhite L. Moss, of Pineville, waselected Grand Chancellor to succeedDr. L. J. Anderson, of Manchester,and Lexington was .selected as theplace of meeting in 1923. At thissession $50,000 worth of bondswerev burned, relieving the PythianHome, at Lexington, of' all debt.The contest for the office of outerguard, which leads to that of chancellor, was won by D. W. Kenney, ofRichmond.In election of "the other offices thepolicy" of advancement was adhered ito. The new officers are: Grand!vice chancellor, E. G. Pormann, ofLouisville; urand prelate, R. -M.Hunter, Nicholasville; grand keeperof records and seals, J. W. Carter,Lexington, re-elected for the twentythird time; grand master of exchequer, W. A. Munsing, Maysville;grand master at arms, J. B. Dunkie,Covington; grand inner guard, Geo.Orwin, Somerset.K0K0M0 CORDAND FABRIC TIRES.-A'REAL ESTATE DEALSS. C. Cunningham, of Versailles,sold to George W. Broughton, ofParis, his store, stock of goods,dwelling, house and three acres ofland, located at Clifton, in Woodfordcounty, for $3,000.x Mr. Broughtenhas taken possession of the property.CH. BurnsJ has been granted apermit to erect a frame bungalow,on -his lot on South Main tret',":iiefPourteenth The new structure willSIZE ?2A30x3-30x3y32x3231x432x4,33x434x4 "33x4232x434x4235x4&36x42 .33x5 -35x536x6CORD$14.95$21.95$25.45$27.95$28.95$29.30$34.95$34.45$35.95$36.95$37.95$44.95$46.55$73.20TIRES AND TUBESTWINGRIP$10.20$11.25$12.75$14.65$16.25$16.95$17.35CRUSADER flOOSIER$ 9.70 $ 7.40$10.35 $ 8.20$12.75 ' $11.45$14.65 $13.20$16.25 $14.65$16.95 $15.25 '$17.35 $15.60inStockHeavy Duty CordsSIZES32x4 TO 36x6Will be told at same prices regularcords until Saturday, July 1, 1922FREE REPAIRS ON ALL CASINGSHIGH STREET MOTOR COFourth and High StreetsCbanUwpu-MMZ49&i coat jtbout$r4,f 00, amfl wktn com-,TeU4 whETm ocupiMTMrllir. Burns'. .. i .ca-i h -5r.fv--'rt-:fFRIDAY, -JUNE 16, 1922"Ci0h"GIFTS THAT LAST"EARLY FAH, SHOWING TO-DAY- ONLYtt &w. tntvtted to "attendOUR FIRST SHOWING OF FALL!-HS STmT7---n-pcjS NEWAND WINTER Sncf Ifn TUVMODELS AND FABRIC, S!-"1ONLY. iFRANK & CO.lV" ICE COLD WATERMELONSTVe have at all times fine ripemelons on ice. Phone us your order. .--. C. P. COOK & CO.CHURCH ENTERTAINMENTThe Ladies' Aid Society of theRuddles' Mills Christian church willgive an entertainment Saturdayevening, June 17, entitled "Clubbing Her Husband." The title doesnot mean that manslaughter will befione but go and see for yourself.Everybody invited. Admission- 15and 25 cents.: oINCOME TAX AGAINA representative of the incometax division of the Internal RevenueCollectors office has been in Parisseveral days this week, checking upand interviewing several holders ofnotes and other items they had failed to list for taxation.oPARIS WOMEN ON MENTAL HYGIENE BOARDForty-one members of the Kentucky Executive Committee of theNational Committee on Mental Hygiene were appointed Wednesday byGov. Morrow. Two of the newlyappointed members are Miss LucyBlythe Simms and Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, both of Paris.oD. A. R. MEETING - -The regular meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, DA. R., will beheld at the home of Mrs. Wm. G.Talbott, on -Duncan avenue, at threeo'clock to-morrow (Saturday) after.noon. Mrs. -Talbott and daughter,Mrs. Frank Sledd, will be hostesses.The Flag Day program, which wasscheduled for Wednesday, will begiven at this meeting.oBASE BALL EXCURSIONParis vs. Maysville, at MaysvilleJSunday, June 18. Round trip fafe,$1.50. Train leaves Paris at 10:45a. m. Tickets on sale at Oberdorfers's, Varden & Son, Smith's Confectionary, Fordham Hotel, McClintock's Pool Room, George Speakes,Charles A. McMillan and B. J. Santen.WATERMELONS ON ICEWe have fine melons on ice inwhole or halves. Phone us" yourorder.LOGAN HOWARD.BEAUTIUL ART COLLECTION ON- EXHIBITIONA beautiful collection of fruit andflower panels, painted lamp shadesand other works of art have beenplaced on exhibition in the showwindow at Daugherty Bros, store.The exhibit is the work 'of MissOllie Butler, of Paris. Two - of thepanels received prizes at recent artexhibits.HAS HIP BROKENWhile walking around in the yardat her home -on South Main streetMiss Laura Kiser was accompaniedby a playful dog. In his gambolsthe animal became too playful. Inendeavoring to get out of his wayMiss Kiser stumbled and fell, fracturing her hip. She Was taken to theMassie Memorial Hospital, whereher injuries were given medical attention and the patient made comfortable. FREE INNER TUBES GIVENWITH EACH AUTO TIREWe will give inner- . tube free"with each tiret.we sell for one week.30x3 safety tread $8.00; 30-3safeay tread $9.00. Big bargain.Come in and see.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.ROCK-A-BYE BABY.R0CK-A-BYE BABY SWING, $15ff AND $2.50, ATA. F. WHEELER'S.oNEAR EAST RELIEF FUNDThe Near East Relief Fund campaign, which was inaugurated, inthis county a few weeks ago, is stillin progress, as the quota assignedto the city and county has not yetBeen secured. The quota for thecounty is $2,100.Bourbon county has never failedto do her part in any campaign, of"whatever nature, so please don't letthis one faiL Anyone wishing ' tocontribute will please Send cash orcheck to Mrs. Howard BCarr. chairman, or'toBrhai J. SatenTtras-irer, at the Bourfeoa-AgriculturalPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonSnow and Others YonDon.Mrs. Ada Childers, of Versailles,is visiting relatives and friemlR intWs city-Mrs Percy Reed has returnedfrom a visit t0 relatives and friendsin Cincinnati.Miss Mary E. McKinley, ofir jmifiXt '6 visiting friends andrelatives in.t-c.r'"; ---i.:S, . ,Mrs. John Kiser remains veryill at her home on Walker avenuewith an attack of tonsilitis.Mrs. J. Preston Brown has returned to her home in Versailles after a visit to Paris relatives.Mrs. Thomas I. Davis, of Winchester, is visiting her daughter,Mrs. Thomas McCray, of This city.Mrs. Anna Riggle and niece,Miss Elmeta Taylor, are guests ofMrs. J. E. Fryman, in Clintonville.Rev. M. L Moore, of BowlingGreen, is a guest of his brother-in-law,Dr. J. H. Comer, and Mrs.Comer, in this city.Miss Vallette McClintock hasreturned from a visit to formerschoolmates at the University ofChicago, in Chicago, 111.George W. Wilder was calledSaturday to Wichita, Kansas, on account of the critical illness of hissister, Mrs. Lou McCarthy.Misses Isabel 'and Ann CaywoodTalbott have returned from a visitto Misses Mildred Sweeney and Roberta Barclay, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. P. W. Early havemoved to Welch, West Va., whereMr. Early has a good position withthe Mason-Hanger ConstructionCompany.Mrs. "ft. C. Smith, of Georgetown, is a guest of her granddaughter, Mrs. Walter H. Shropshire,and Mr. Shropshire, at their countryhome, near Paris. ' "The young men of Cynthianawill give a June dance to-night mSherwood Hall, in that city. Thehours will be from 9:30 to 3:30.Music by "Smith's Orchestra, of Lexington. John Price, of Cleveland, 0., is aguest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Lee Price, and attended alumni reception and ball at Centre College,Danville, where he was formerlyprofessor of English. ,Mrs. W. H. Shropshire and children have returned from a visit toMrs. Shropshire's father, Hon. JohnS. Smith, in Indianapolis, Ind., whosuffered a fractured leg in an accident several weeks ago,Miss Leah Whitaker, of Cynthiana, and Miss Imogene Fryman, ofClintonville, have returned to theirhomes after spending commencement week with J. E. Taylor andfamily. Miss Whitaker was accompanied home by Miss Frances Taylor, who will be her guest for severaldays.- Lieut. Oliver Gaines, who hasbeen stationed at San Diego, Cail.,for 'some time, wires that he " hasbeen ordered on a three-months'cruise. This will postpone the tripof his mother, Mrs. Lillie Gaines, toCalifornia, until fall. Lieut. Gainesis a nephew of Wm. S. - Dale, ofParis.The following from Paris motored to Danville Tuesday and attendedthe commencement exercises at Centre College: Mr. and -Mrs. SidneyS. Ardery, Sr., Mr. and Mrs. SidneyArdery, Jr., John Ardfery. GeorgeArdery, of Paris, a member of the1922 graduating class, received hisHA. B. degree. .-Mrs. J. Millej; Ward, Mrs. C. M.Clay, Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., and daughter, Miss Elfzabeth -Clay and Mrs.Laura Wiggins, of Pars, were guestsWednesday afternoon of Mrv andMrs. Overton "Harber, -in Richmond,and attended the reception and teagiven by Mrs. Tut Burnham.Cynthiana Democrat: -"Col. C.H. Peterson, of Paris, has beenquite "sick at Cynthiana, b.ut hopesto be able to return to Paris byJuly. ...Mrs. Ed. McKinney, of Sa-1dieville, and Mrs. Mary McLoney, ofCynthiana, were - recent guests ofParis friends. . . .Mrs. Joe Ryan, ofParis, attended the dance givenhere Friday .night."The following from a distanceattended the funeral and burial ofT3has. C. Leer, in this city Monday:Vernon Leer, Richmond; Mrs. Jimmie Leer and Howard Leer, Midway;Mrs. W. H. Thompson and DavidRingo, Lexington; Mrs. C. J.Stephenson and children, Nancy andCharles Stephenson, Winchester; E.F. Weathers, Avon;.-Mrs. NannieHaley and sons, of Chilesburg.Amongthe honor graduates inthe class of 1922 at Centre College,Danville, was Mr. Charlton Alexander Howard, of Covington, grandsonof Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, ofParis. Mr. Howard is a son of Attorney Uli J. Howard, and the lateMrs. Carrie Alexander Howard, ofCovington, and one of the most talented young men in the galaxy of.Centre's graduates, -Mrs. James W. Thompson, ofPar-is, entertained the members ofher bridge club Wednesday afternoon at the home of her father, Mr.Or H. Chenualt, on Ashland avenue, in Lexington. At the conclusion of the games a delicious" teacourse was served. The guestswere: Mesdamer Spence SuMaeretlarrick, TJharlesKeadall McDowell,Guy Huguelet, Borwaell BerrymaB,THE BbURBON OTSWSTWesley Marr, John G. v stoll andMiss Frances Milward.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Brennanand son, Jadk, are in New York foran extended visit.Mrs. Ed. Nippert, of St. Petersburg, Florida, is visiting relativesin this city and county.Mrs. M. T. Botts and Mrs. SethBotts, of Mt. Sterling, ate visitingMrs. A. S Trimble, in North Middletown. G. F. Kellogg, of the Bureau ofMarkets, U. "S, Department of Agriculture, was a business visitor inParis this week.Miss Viola Shavpe, of Lexington, after a visit to Miss LillianGraves, near Paris, g0ne to'Georgetown to visit friends.Samuel Clay left yesterdaymorning to attend the alumni meeting of Princeton University. Thiswill be Mr. Clay's first return to hisalma mater for twenty-five years.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson hasreturned to her home in Flemings-burg from an evangelistic singingtour in Texas, and will remain during the revival meeting in progressat the Presbyterian church.Misses Rebecca Payne, GayPayne, Mary Letton and Iasbel Talbott attended the tea, given by MissFrances Herndon, at the home of herparents, Dr. and Mrs. Herndon, onthe Jtussell Cave pike, near Lexington. Rev. T. S. Smylie, Harry Kiser,Wm. Forsyth, and Misses VirginiaCahal, Ellen Scott, Anne RutherfordDuncan and Ruby Elder are attending the sessions of the second annual Young People's Conference ofthe Presbyterian church being heldin K. C. W. building in .Danvillethis week.T-Mr. and Mrs. David Feld entertained Wednesday evening at theirhome on Fithian avenue, in WhiteAddition, in honor of Miss NettiePushin, of Bowling Green, who issoon to be married to Mr. Eli Friedman, of Paris. Dancing and refreshments were enjoyed by the guest ofhonor and thirty-six guests.A crowd of friends and relatives visited -the home of Mrs. Wm.Tarr several days ago, and gave hera surprise party in honor of herbirthday anniversary. Mrs. Tarr'sdaughters, Mrs. J. C. Evans andMrs. Hughes Atkinson, 'who werevisiting her, were let into the secret, and helped in entertaining.The event was celebrated by a bountiful repast, -served in- the diningroom. In the center of the tablewas a huge birthday cake, withglowing pink candles, and" wreathedin Dorothy Perkins roses, the giftof a friend. About twenty-fiveguests enjoyed the pleasures of theevening.(Other Personals on JPage 3)PARIS SUMMER SCHOOLThe summer session of the ParisCity Schools opened Monday withan enrollment of , ninety-two, and'by Tuesday the attendance hadreached 102. By the end of theweek it is expected the attendancewill reach 125.Prof. C. C. Freeman, of the Transylvania College faculty, will teachEnglish in the summer school.Transylvania students, as well asothers, living in or near Paris, willhave a great opportunity to get college credit for work done this summer., Teachers in the 'summerschool will have the opportunity tostudy plays and games and otherforms of recreation, with Miss GraceCruickshank, director of the Parisplaygrounds.FRANKFORT 'POSTMASTERSHE?WORRYING REPUBLICANSThe postoffice at Frankfort, whichcaused trouble during the last fouryears of the Democratic administration, is now a source of worry tothe Republicans. The postoffice department . notified, the civil servicecommission of 'the existence of avacancy there and requested tliat anexamination be held to select atfeligible list from which to appoint apostmaster.SPECIALTHIS WEEKFINE DRESSGINGHAMSBeautiful Selection15c per yardAT -Twin Bros. Dept. StoreGHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Min StreetsPARIS. KY.W. K. KearneyWELL DRILLER---. Phone Nq. 80JERSAILLES7 KY.? Drill File; Six 'iridjEftlitPARIS, - KENTUCKY' TSSSMBMy fl;i.v IHBhB x&lil 5 LOCH ii: ''flllfc W SUMMER r - Ir 5Jj-ffjiL CLOTHES ft-J iWhat is More Cooling ForA Day in JuneThan a Palm Beach, Mohai or . Tropicalx - Worsted Suit?N We have them in all sizes .,- and many models$10.00 to $22.50We also have the other necessaries for thehot summer months.LEWIS WOLLSTEINtwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetThe Onhr'- r'- L.?-- ?& -&Make your porch the most livable place about the home and do itwith VUDOR PORCH SHADES and our GOOD FURNITURE,SWINGS and RUGS. We are making very attractive prices.-r-As"ycg.-- sTHE J.EITHEftPHONE 3CMotor HoarBuy Your Work Clothing Here and Save3Shade Made With A VentilatorflBfi5SS25S!3&9&9 :-:&:-i-::nfl Cooling StS9BSSBSmr-jiHIWIiini "'' .aurr . .VJt----.-.-.-:-:-. w-t - - -mjSELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINGPORCH SHADESAutomatic Refrigerators-I Are the Best :T. HINTON GO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor InvalidPAGEFIW91-iv ttec-v!-crr SSt-ia, iH.kv.- - -wxth Jm mm 'mi:-D&njq.- - ?- ''-r--sT ' r? v '-ixir' IB; Jopk riri; Jdhnvyv-""S,C c"ir?s-Stf -'Vf4-.i. v-. : -t. "t - jv., .4saj:;;sS?'i " "-"V T.. r S7 ,'W --jfRIDAT, JON?, 122&PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYsBar""Zl i .mwmHDO YOUR TAJ-KINO ,-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICAL-t'iGreat Comedy, "Friendly Enemies' a Chautauqua Attraction-"PARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 3916BRIGHTEREVENINGS-. .prr- .w ,- --;- , ?T.S'.tmmmmmmmmtmammmmmm p-,l Iriniimn o mnn,.rAMHtlid i IIIAUti. -4 Ujfcr v&r? '1" --"Jwl. - . . ! A.JU5E"-tf&LT'CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00--. -"vHc&iif- .-iSp---it-'-'p,..fMkA'---.5-r?s4.?.-tor' ' Vi-rri -jea -" r-,, TlIjgf . 3.'Friendly Enemies" Is one of the most popular of recent comedy successes." Scores of cities throughout the country have alternately laughed and wept.over this Irresistible comedy drama whose plot grows out of the conflicting convictions of two lifelong friends. A complete production of "Friendly Enemies" will be given at the coming Redpath Chautauqua by a cast of experienced Broadway actors organized by William J. Keighley, manager of the NewYork City Producing Department of the Redpath Bureau.&2t -GOVEENOE MOEROW PEAISESTHE TOBACCO ASSOCIATION: " Governor Edwin P. Morrow, in aletter written: in reply ta aqueryfrom -a North Carolina businessaan who wanted 'first hand infora matipn in regard to the workings of i- .rtlie Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative -association, mrormea nis-. questioner thai; the hurley associa -vtion had eiven entire Ratisfao.tion toits 60,000 members, that it hadhandled the crop delivered to iteconomically, had advanced thegrowers money on it at a liberal7 j value, that it had established acredit with-the banks and with thewar finance corporation -and thatthe. farmers of Kentucky would notgo back to Ihe old auction systemof marketing under any circum--. stances.e H Governor Morrow's letter ans-ti, wered the propaganda that is nowbeinjg'circulated, not only in thebright belt' of the Carolinas andrginia, hut In the dark district of.- Kentucky and -Tennessee and injpiHotherfections of the country in- which the -warehouse interests arefighting the association, .rather thangive up the profits they liave beenmaking off the farmers.Cha's. E. Marvin, of Payne's DepotTeturaed from, North Carolina re -centlyr-' Mr". Marvin saidTthat Aaron plars, the Scottish Rite, the EastSapiro, general counsel for the ern Star, the Mystic Shrine; -all thefr Vv" hurley association, -had had 15,000'-4j5SSf -farmers at five meetings in that-3f- '" -i State.- and that Virgil Chapman,3A . --assistant counsel, Director W. H.-i " Shanks and Director J. D. Craddock' also had taken part in; the campaign-in the bright "belt..CATARRHCatarrh Is a local disease greatly influenced - by constitutional conditions.HAEIS CATARRH MEDICINE is aH-;srf49Tioiyfcitaken internally, and acts through" . &r?i: tlrtr?tn&od upon the mucous surfacesX of- the -system. HALL'S CATARRH'-jr --. v MEDICINE .-assists Nature in restoringp-- " . '.-- normal conditions? .tjv - . " All Druggists. Circulars free.f . , F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo, Ohfo.We" nave in stock for the conven--feirce df users of adding machines, a;1-I: stock of paper rolls- These rollsriffe made of the best, bond paper andare absolutely free "1 rom lint Youcan buy from one to a case. 'Let usmar a trial order.iil-tt) .HE BOURBON NEWS.DKWaddeirsI Fik Rcnicdvcn't Suffer-Don be Operatedjm mA yoa kr txsL Dr. W4dL'aphP ify. AbwUlyhtriTiM. Gsar-ft ftv abMtate iairfacom attM sot write :kmmiiHHHB5bB&mHUSiSWI5pIChautauqua Week inPEAUDULENT MASONEY EXPO-NENTS SENTENCEDThe many Masons in the Senate'and House of Representatives arehighly gratified at the action j)f theFederal Court, District of Utah,which has just sentenced MatthewMcBlain Thompson, Thomas Perrotand Dominic Bergera to two years! each on ten counts each (concurrent.sentences.;for using the UnitedStates mails to defraud. The menwere conyicted of operating the"American Masonic Federation" andof having duped some ten thousandpersons in this country and abroadinto buying "degrees" of all kinds.It was proved the "authority" whichthey claimed for working the craftdegrees was a negro organization inLouisiana and that the allegedScottish organization which thevclaimed as authority for conferringthe higher degrees was an organization originated by Thompson himself. Witnesses came from all over theUnited States and from Scotland.The judge scored the defendantsunmercifully and in addition to thejail penalties imposed af""fine of $5,000 and costs.The convicted men wer not particular as to what "Masonic" de-'ree they sold; "initiates" were madefin the blue lodge, the Knights Tem-"initiates" had to have was cash.The postofnce authorities aregratified to liave vindicated the integrity of the United States mall,which cannot be made a tool v offraud with impunity; and all Masonic bodies will rejoice that malefactors striving to bring their organizations into ill repute have mettheir just deserts.STATE PZTHIAN HOME FEEE OFDEBTThe Pythian -Home, located inLexington, is now free" of debt. Thisannouncement was made Saturday!by Hon. W. C. G. Hobbs, presidentof the Pythiana- Home board oftrustees, who 'stated that on behalfof the board, he has just had recorded in the county clerk's officea release of the mortgage for $50,000, which was placed upon theproperty ten years ago and whichhas just been paid off in full.When the home ' was originallybuilt .a number of years ago, moneywas borrowed, Chairman Hobbssaid, to erect" the principal buildingand make other needed improvements at the institution. The loannegotiated at th'at time was for tenyears, it is stated, and through theliberality of the order and efficienthandling of the funds set aside forthe liquidation of this dent by thegrand -lodge, the entire indebtednesshas been paid off, with interest, andthe home is now free from all incumbrance, Chairman Hobbs states.This will be gratifying news to thethousands of Pythians throughoutKentucky, who have contributedfunds for the foundation-and maintenance of this splendid institution,erected as a home for the widowsand orphans ofvthe order. --oAfter ICr. Harding has , succeededin klllinlr tin twelTetlwur-work day-Ha tk5 & llLrt:i"jniiii7tryto, iaatitute about. two fcouri of worltParis, July 12th toSTRAIN TOO GREATHundreds of Paris EeadersDaily Toil a BurdenFindThe hustle and worry of businessmen;The hard work and stooping ofworkmen ;The woman's household caresOften weaken the kidneys.Backache, headache, dizzinessKidney troubl6sr urinary troublesfrequently follow.A Paris citizen tells you what todo.O. T. Sprake, contractor and carpenter, 304 Main street, says: "Ihave been a sufferer from kidneytrouble for many years, and Doan'sKidney Pills is the best medicine Ihave ever been able to ,find. Theyalways give me fine relief and I can'trecommend them too highly. I havebeen in bad shape at times andbackache caused me to lay off workfor several days. I was .greatly annoyed by the frequent passage of the: kidney secretions. When I have anyneed for such a medicine I useDoan's -and it Hoesn't take themlong to fix me up in good shape."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a ""kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Sprake had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.BOY DISCOVEEED KENTUCKY(Louisville Herald)Historical traditions as to the dis- speak on the '"Prevention andcovery of the State of Kentucky! Treatment of Smallpox." Dr. W. L.ivere shattered by Dr. Willard Rouse Holcomb, of Denver, will read a paJillson, State geologist, in an ad-.per on "The Menace of -Social Disdress before the Filson Club. Dr. eases." The treatment of' mentalJillson stated conclusively and em- and nervous diseases as. a publics.phasized with statistical support hiscontention that La Salle, who ispopularly credited cwith the discov- TVto. Dr. Ellen B. Ligon, of Mobile,ery of this State, was not the first -Ala., will report on the -results ofman to set foot -upon Kentucky. I the work of the dental clinics."To the contrary, hoy, Gabriel' A large number of insane veterArthur, in the" year 1674, -was the ans of the world war have been curfirst discoverer of our State," as-ed by osteopathic treatment afterserted'Dr. Jillson, who pointed out j failure of old school methods, Tethat this young man, barely 16 'ports Dr. A. G. Hildreth,- superinyears of age, was sent across the ten dent of the largest osteopathicAppalachian mountains into Tenn-! institution for the insane. The adessee by Colonel Wood, at that time 'dress in memory of the founder ofcommandant of a fort at the" mouth osteopathy will be delivered by Dr..of the James River. Virginia. AlW. A. Cravett, of Dayton, 0. Dr.ruinauuu laie oi now tnis striplingremained with the Cherokee Indians, learning thejr language and going with them on numerous warringexpeditions; was. related. Eventually Artnur was taken a prisoner bythe Shawnee Indians- after beingwounded in battle. Dr. Jillson stat. J, . - 1 ,m . . .. 'ed, however, that the boy had therare faculty of making friends witnjyins-a stock of the T)est addinghis enemies and, as a result, wasmade a confident of the Shawneechief. He later, returned to "theCherokee tribe in Tennessee andmade a confident of the Shawneefort, conducted by Indians overwhat is known, as the WildernessTrail in the eastern part of Kentucky. "Thus," declared Dr. 'JilLson, "didttfe first white man setfoot op. the soil -of the BluegrassState.-'!- -,,""".S.S--1t'iA.- Michigan maa offersd' swapi,0M wwrtji U teickfor a bodcifar.JRyiAeatly Hi 1 aot poated-ai19thINTERNATIONAL. OSTEOPATHICCONGRESS 'The annual international osteopathic convention will be held inLos Angeles, July 3 to 7, inclusive,under the auspices of the AmericanOsteopathic Association. The sessions will be held in the AmbassadorHotel and surgical clinics in thehospitals. On SundaV, July 2j thepulpits of the principal churcheswill be occupied by eminent visiting specialists. Gov. Stephens, ofCalifornia, will open the convention,which will be presided over by Dr.Samuel L. Scokhorn of Dallas,Texas. Two thousand osteopathicphysicians, surgeons and specialistswill be present. A special train willbring the Eastern delegates and circuit' clinics will be held in variouscities en route. Dr. C. D. Swope, ofWashington, D. C, is chairman ofthe program committee.Preceding the convention will bethe annual session of the AmericanOsteopathic Societysof Opthalmologyand Oto-laryngology, Dr. H. J. Marshall, of Des Moines, la., .presiding.The women osteopaths hold theirmeeting- under the title of the Osteopathic Woman's National Association, Dr. .Josephine L. Peirce, ofLima, Ohio, presiding.The" public health, section whichwill be in charge of Dr. -JenetteBolles, of Denver, will devote oneentire day to- a children's, healthconference. Dr. George McLaughlin, surgeon-in-chief of the Laugh-lin Hospital, Kirksville, Mo.,willhealth necessary will be consideredby Dr. B. L. Jemmette, of Macon,George A. Still, president of theAmerican School of Osteopathy andsurgeon-in-chief -of the KirksvilleHospital, will -report the latest 'statistics on gallstones.o rUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowuiauumo juiid auu i;au oupptj juuwith one- ora dozen at a time. ThisIb a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintldes.THE BOURBON NEWS,.. . .Vl . . itnlln t.W sin. mwVklw YrmiWhen you feel t.3Stnervous, tired, worried or dopoadeat it k aMre sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They resew the koomI vicoc aadmake We worth Jivk. Be ae ad k forMott'tNrioePilkE,-WUiMH WQ.-00. FMh. ClililnLO.arjW su Bri -37-Just History.-rfi -IsIn j70 - ' uThe Colonial DameSpun her "clothBy Candle flame.In 186.0 'In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.ut the girl of to-dayWho wants her home -bright,Jnst presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)WlllllltMltlltHWWHWWWIHlllllMIMMnWe HandleElectricalElectriciWashing Machines, Irons, Toasters, -Broilers,Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes! and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates. That are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETflllllllllllMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIMHIIMIIIIHFor Your PorchPotted FernsLovely Swinging Fern Baskets-JOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Both PhoneIN the juagment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcfty.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.KB!Uihi',liyniKMiIr:tfrfflflfflWlUWuWMv.- &z.VSxr --OFFICERSFrank P. Kiier, President8. L. Weathers, Vlc PresidentW. yZSi&Iitchell, CashierJno.v7. Yerke, Ass't CashierDan Peed,-Jr., Bookkeeper. , .JUNE 30, 192111CAHAL BROS,&BABBEE SHOP4 WHITE BARBEBS-4TModern Equipment.Expert and Polite Ser7ice-HOT AND COLD BATHS-All Kinds ofNovelties fOPP. COURT HOUSEr ! ---5& - '4Prday in (JoaaTaa. "to jtke selli pric qf a gcx4 dtrar.!SA;Z"-1f -31tmmFRIDAY JttNffi i, llil- --;--',WORKING GIRLSLOOK HERERead Wkat Airs. Ucis Writes Cetceniof Her Trodbles, WaickIhy be Jisl Like YowsSt "Loms, Mo. 'I had troubles that)t to nave, witn pains inmy DacK, weak, tired,nervous ieeiingg anaa weak stomach. Ihad been this wajabout a year and wasunable to work orstand on my feet forany length of time.My husband's aunttold me now mucheood Lydia E. Pink-ham's VegetableCompound had doneher and begged me totry it, so I did. All my pams ana weakness are gone, my stomach is all rightand I do my work at home and also work:f or Swift's Packing Company. I recommend your Vegetable Compound to myfriends and you may publish my letteras a testimonial. "Mrs. Lulu Lucas,719A Vandeventer St., St. Louis, Mo.Again and again one woman tells another of the merit of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.You who work must keep yourselfetrong and well. You can't work if youare suffering from such troubles. Mrs.Lucas couldn't She tried our Vegetable Compound and her letter tells youwhat it did for her. Give Lydia E. Pinkfaam's Vegetable Compound a fair trialnow.Throwing SaltThe custom of throwing a pinch oispilled salt-over the left shoulder threitimes to break the "hoodoo" is a pagan survival of the times when sail-n-as one of the offerings to the evlJ'deities who sent bad luck.u women are ajllliUHBUIllliiiiiirilipBiI iPlllllI tSMI Wh IPOTiA "VTHE BOUfiBOX feHKWS,WTX1DHAPPiirrirGfi mDAY'SHEWS .TEEJud Tunkins.Jud Tunklns says he believes theworld is getting better, and any Impression to the contrary is due to thefact that Satan is doing more advertising than he ued to.A Newark (N. J.) woman hasfound a new reason for getting adivorce. -She got it, too, -which:should make all devotees of the royalgame more careful. Her testimonywas to the effect that hubby playedso much golf so often that he hadn'ttime to be a husband and provider.It's an old saying of golfers, "Ifbusiness interferes with golf, giveup business." This particular golferfound his wife interfered with hisgame, and so she got rid of himhBut this is nothing to the 'sadcase of a Des Moines (Iowa) ladywho had a "husband" who provedto be a woman, yet one bo. overbearing and strong that she held his"wife" in terror for a year and ahalf before the poor deluded ladycaused her "husband" to be arrested! The wife should have gone to Vassar. Statistics from the great women's college show that Vassarites,during the last ten years, are aninch and a half taller, two incheslarger around, and with bigger!hands and -feet, all due to -physicalculture.A Charleston (W. Va.) boy, ofitriding in an automobile, was firedupon by an unknown assailant.Rushed to a hospital, he was Xrayed and his heart found to beupon the right (which is the wrong)side of his body! Had his, heartbeen where hearts are supposed tobe, in the right place "on the leftside, he wrould have been instantlykilled.Paris says skirts must be long.America says they are short and going to get shorter. Comes a Parisian dress-engineer with a gownwhich has an adjustable skirt. Whenon fashion parade, milady unties ai- --"(Madisonville NewsJJudge Willis Victory, a. veteranmember of the Ohio branch, addressing a law school graduatingclass on "legal ethics," held upnewspaper profession .as a ,modelof faithfulness, saying:f "I have been dealing with reporters for nearly forty years, and notonce have I been 'double-crossed' orhad a confidence broken by a reporter. They respect confidential relations religiously. "The attorneyshould' do likewise."This is worth .remembering thenext time somebody makes a shallow remark about newspaper "mennot being trustworthy.One of "the most curious misconceptions about newspaper work isthe notion that a reporter or editoralways tells all he knows. If newspapers did that, it might blow theroof -off most any town.DROWNING ACCIDENTSEarly summer fills the newspaperswith many "reports of drowning accidents. Many families are throwninto mourning, anH a trail of sorrowis marked across the land. , Youngpeople can not -be kept from the water, and they must learn how to useit safely.-. But the carelessness, Inexperience, or foolhardiness of manyof them create tragic events..Drowning accidents occur largelyin three classes of cases: Boys whodo not know how to swim, who gointo the water without supervision.2 Expert swimmers who go intodeep water and are attacked withcramps. 3. Boating accidents.Parents should see that their children learn' swimming under somecompetent instructor, or in chargeof some good swimmer. The boat isribbon and behold, a long skirt, j no place for Pettin& parties, andWhen she -goes shopping or wishes feople whoct in t as they wouldto catch a street car, she pulls the'in a ai w.ea oat are nor ntiearibbon and up goes the gown toknee length!H fGet Your TicketJ ifRedpathChautauquaThe 1007oProgram7 BIGDAYS7CHATJTAUCHJA WEEK HEREJULY 12TH TO 19THOriginal "Rivals."A rivaL-was originally any personwho used the same stream. As experience shows, there is no such fruitfulsource of contention as a water-right.Neighbors would be often at strifewith one another in regard of theperiod during which they severally hada right to the use of rhe stream ; turning it off into theirv own fields beforethe time; leaving open the sluices be--yond the time ; 'or In other ways interfering with the rights of each other.So it was that "rivals" came to be applied to any who were in competitionwith one another.oMust, Keep Credit Good.Xiots of men do business on otherpeople's money. Those .who succeedlearn that It's not how much businessthey do but how good they maintaintheir credit The man who can borrow when he needs money is the manwhose eonduc- of business vis ap-.proved. Exchange.to have the use of one.o-ftEGISTER! REGISTER!LET EVERY DEMOCRAT, MANAND WOMAN, REGISTER ON JULY10 AND 11, IN BOTH CITY ANDCOUNTY. (tf)oDeserved That Doughnut.Junior's mother was baking doughnuts, and he had been given all thatwas good for him. Upon asking foranother It wassdenied him. and he reluctantly went out to play. In a littlewhile the man from the grocery camewith a sack, of flour on liis" shoulder.Junior following him into the houseand saw his mother give him a nice bigdoughnut. He said nothing, but wentout toplay again. In a few minuteshe rapped on the door and was invitedto come In, whereupon lie opened thedoor and said," T'HelIo. I -am the grocery man, and here is'your groceries,now where Is my doinrhrmr?"z oRailroad rates and wages, it develops, are not exempt from the oldlaw that all that goes up" is boundto come down.BiKwT-i.- .'V. -iirwirr .irPT.v'it "ifH'rw&miuLfriiv4v -7i7V. mmul "-t -ssTwrmrm t bhp s$s M&inm.?. . vvv. i y i- ' t iim i ifc -. i i m m soovKiijrirHBa'STc-WItTvJMiSff i Barley inHmzff3fc!m4K &m, Rib' IHP mmLiu 'of these IjlMmnflB.III mfKkbuts for.,. -. mm'Heres a real treasurefrom Nature's storehouseGOOD old Mother Nature -nasplaced., in wheat and barley the" wonderful food properties which buildand sustain lifelind health.Many so-called "refined" foods arerobbed of vital elements which the bodyneedsGrape-Nuts tnat famous wheat and "barley food brings you all the naturalgoodness of the grains in perfected form,with a crispness and flavor that charm. ythe appetite.You will find Grape-Nuts an ideal 'dish for breakfast or supper-time.Ready to serve from the package, vvithcream or good milk. " V ' :Order Grape-Nuts .from 'yur;igrocer today.Grape-NutsVthe Body BuilderVUUhjTotmm GMMtCoayMy, Urn.Reason-m . .imm.il kicked In aucn a minnw tnat m iMMi"i"'"""""'"'""i""ii,,""""""P",iii"""""iiiMBiMMtai - - -V.,.-' ' ' , -,- r- -".- "'. f ---- :i -. -"'-: r . A- y' -J' :t paused one point of the imatruiMit: ' ; ' -j. " ".- - : : -' -S 4PARIS,twr:-;.'MXtmsSKtR.mm? m&smSwedirfiRed CrosjTriurse ScekttQRehabjlitate War Wrecks.wmEaaBmsmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimkmmtasEzBasAristocratic Gin! Gathers German Refugee From Wastes of Siberia HatAlready Repatriated Thousands-'of War Prisoners.Stockholm, A, refuge of rest andphysical rehabilitation where the human wrecks of Qerman war prisonersfrom Russia and Siberia may be treated and salvaged is being purchasedby Miss Elsa Brandstrom, -knownthroughout central Europe and Russiaas "the angel of Siberia."Miss Brandsfrom is .negotiating fora village in southern Germanywhichshe proposes"" to turn into a humanreclamation-camp for the derelictsthat once marched proudly under HindenbUrg and oth.er Teutonic militaryleaders against the Russians and werecaptured and sent to Siberian concentration camps.They remained in- Siberia till longafter the 'world war was over, andthere are still thousands of them left,free to return home if they could.But they have neither the means northe physical strength to do sq.Miss Brandstrom-is a young Swedish Red Cross nurse, the daughter ofthe late Gen. Edward Brandstrom, formany years Swedish -minister to Russia under the czar's regime. Leavingher comfortable home in Stockholmand the aristocratic social set inwhich she had been brought up, she."led a small Red Cross expedition Intowestern Siberia and has succeededin repatriating thousands of Germanand Austrian 'war prisoners.But she found that when the formersoldiers reached their homes theywere unable to assume their- formerplaces in society. They were wrecks.So she has collected a considerablefund and hopes to purchase a villageand have it ready for occupancy thisautumn.- As to the war prisoners still wandering about Russia and Siberia,many of them never will be found,and none of them will ever be ableto get back without outside aid. MissBrandstrom proposes to continuerounding up these waifs and bringingthem to her haven of rest."MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY"vvyJHIIJIDuke Awalolf Bermondt, who plansto come to America. He has been extradited by Prussia and is unable tosecure a footing in Bavaria, to whichprovince he went after leaving Berlin. So he thinks America is his onlyhaven of refuge.TELLS OF POLAND'S EFFORTSFinance Minister Urges Patience andConsideration in RebuildingProcess.Warsaw. Poland's struggle to refund lier foreign debt, amounting ton.early $285,000,-QQ0 at the beginning ofthis year, is recounted at length inthe first complete budget of the republic, presented to parliament byMinister of Finance Michalskl.Minister. Michalskf points out theslow but consistent progress Polandhas made from the beginning in allaffairs of government. After sketching the plans for the immediate futureintended to hasten that progress, heappealed to the nation for patienceand consideration."It is one of the-Polish characteristics that we should like to build upPoland within one year," he said. "Butlthis is practically impossible." .Restore Minnie Hauk's Sight.Paris. Baroness Von Hesse-War-tegg,formerly Minnie. Hauk of, NewYork, has undergone what Is describedlis-a most successful operation forblindness. Her eyesight has been failing for the last seven years, until recently she had been barely able todistinguish between day and jilght.Tie operation was performed at theAmerican hospital here.Lost Eye When Mule Kicked.Logansport. Indv While Albert L..Hoover, a, farmer, was. trimming amules tall' with a pair of shears, theanimal kicked in such a manner thatit caused one point of the. lmatruaeatto pierce the" left eye W tae maa. ,FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYwtuHinHiM mmTHE UNIVERSAL CAR1 - "" - '- J;Down They Go Again j-1.Lowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe historjof the Ford MotorCo., effective January. 16, 1922Chassis -Runabout... . ; 319Touring Car. . ....,,..:. .........;....... 341Truck Chassis 430CoupeSedan(F. O. B. DETROIT)580645RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANY'v3r-. .r " j&-e .ifc.ji...-.-,j?:- :ft-JLZ?.'ijrjHLst:S5yiiiniiiiiiii . t..f.r..Tt.T T t H T T T T HIT ! T I II I I I I IlllHtlff tGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night137 v 399HtMHHfiHfMMIIMlllimtllHMGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes."Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.- Wt Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring" WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co. - -Cumberland Phone 1087 Home hne 399.-.j.-JlfeWJmjL.iSiLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING- ---:. 11tH" I-..'rjiBHiPiimmmnHmimpmniMP9nMPPwpm&m-&mmmmimmmmmmiPAGE fiCttTItH BOURBON N1TW8, PARIS, KENTUCKYr-TKTDAY, JUNE 1, U-WLLffiSBURGTtmttftftiij Kews Items' From Bour-MATRIMONIALBANDSXA JUord-of-Dan Cupid V'Doings' AThe Days Go ByT- ..awir .-.- - . wi .Tft I II I2:00 t 5:30IS m. tr:0O-to 1 0:304M-Miss Louise Mctntyre is visiting her aunt, Mrs. C. W. Howard, invUfcxlngton., Miss Sallie Mclntyre is visitingier sister, Mrs. C. W. Howard, offexington.Miss Katherine Judy is the guest"of her aunt, Mrs. K. B. Hutchings,-in Lexington.Mrs. Margaret Smith, of -Flem-ilngsburg,is visiting her sister, Mrs.31aude Vimont.Mrs. Annie Jefferson is visitingtfier eon, Garret Jefferson, and Mrs..Jefferson, in Paris.Mr. Vernon Stamper, of State-College, Lexington, is at home forsthe kummer vacation.Mrs. Bryan McMurtry, of Cyn-.-thiana,visited her parents, Mr. andMrs. S. M, Allen, Tuesday., Miss HaTEIe Wood visited Mrs.Harry Surm (nee Miss Folsom Mc--Guire)in Lexington, Monday.Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Prather, ofColumbia, Ky., ' are visiting the lather's mother, Mrs. Mary Whaley.Miss Flora Jordan, who has"-been teaching in High School, left""'Thursday for her home in Alabama., Mr. Louis Vimont, of Cincinnati,"-visited his mother and sister, Mrs.3Iartha Vimont, and MissFlorence"Vimont.Miss Kate Bolton, who has been-the guest of Miss Hattie Wood, left"Wednesday for her home in St. Paul,"Virginia.Mr. Eugene Nutter, of Louis-'Ville, has returned home after a-vvisit with his parents, Dr. and Mrs.-x. W. Nutter.-Miss Elizabeth Miller entertained a few of her friends at bridge"3Ionday afternoon at the home offlier mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller.Misses Margaret and Ethel"Wood, who have been teaching inHigh School, in Maysville, are expected home to-day to spend their.summer vacation.Mesdames W. A. Butler, Allie.TMiller, James Ellington and MissAlfa Ball, are in Shelbyville attending the annual meeting of the Woman's Missionary Society of the.Methodist church, of the KentuckyConference.Remember the Chautauqua be--gins-June 24. Make that your vacation time so you may be able toJattend each .day. Season, ticketsonly $2.50. You can't afford to missa single number. It grows better.each year and we rcan truly say this-will be the best we have ever held,and are sure you will agree if youoattend.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPeance Paton to JCames M. Hutsell,61, faxmer, of near Millersburg, andMrs. Nancy Ralls, 45, of Mt. Sterling.,. 3ASE BALL EXCURSIONParis vs. Maysville, at Maysville,'Sunday, June IS. Round trip fare,1.50. Train leaves Paris at 10:45a. m. Tickets on sale at Oberdor-fers's, Varden & Son, Smith's Con-County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Tuesday toHarney Johnson, twenty-one, andMiss Lillie May Martin, both ofBourbon county. The bride-elect isa daughter of Alfred Martin, andMr. Johnson is a son of James B.Johnson, all of Bourbon countyNAPIER LOONEYMr. and Mrs. J. S. Napier, ofLexington, have announced the engagement of their daughter, BerthaCatherine, to Mr, Leo LawrenceLooney, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. T.Looney, of Lexington The weddingis announced to take place on-Wednesday,June 28, at St.. Peter's Catholic church, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Napier and familyformerly resided in Paris, Mr. Napier having a passenger run on theLouisville & Nashville. Miss Napieris a graduate of the Paris HighSchool, and has many friends herewho will be greatly interested inthis "announcement.BEDFORD ROGERSThe wedding of Miss HenriettaBedford, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Matthew Hume Bedford, of Paris,and Mr. Fielding Grant Rogers, ofnear Paris, willy be solemnized tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon, atfive o'clock, at the home of thebride's parents, in this city, MissesNancy Loveland and Ella Brown,of Lexington, will be bridesmaids,and Misses Rebecca Payne. MarieGay Payne and Nell Clay, of Paris,will be the ribbon bearers. Mr.Henry Prewitt, of Mt. Sterling,will be best man, and Mr. Richard P.Thomas, formerly of Paris, will begroomsman.COTTON JONESThe marriage of Miss BeulahMargaret Cotton,, of Lexington, andMr Frank Pruitt Jones, 'of Paris,was solemnized at four- o'clockMonday afternoon, at the home ofthe bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. C.S. Cotton, in Lexington,, only theimmediate relatives being present.The service was read by the groom'sfather, Rev. J. B. Jones, of Paris,Presiding Elder of the Methodistchurch, in this district.The bride is a graduate of theCaldwell TTip-h RrVhnnl nr fhaEastern State Normal School. Th'egroom is a successful young" businessman, at present connected with theWheeler Furniture Co., in Lexington. Immediately after the ceremonythe bride and groom, accompaniedby Miss Louella 'Cotton ' ana Mr.Tucker, motored to Paris for dinner with the groom's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Jones are now at home tofectionarv. Ford ham TTnfpl ATp.P.Iiti-, v . vy ...-w-w.-. .tock's Pool Room, George Speakes, I tneir friends at the Cotton home,-m .. I TTT 31 1Charles A. McMillan and B. J. Santen.STREET ENGINEER EMPLOYEDon Woodland ""avenueMcCLINTOCK DATJGHERTYMr. and Mis. Ben F. Bedford,of Paris, announce the marriage ofThe City Council has employed , their sister. Miss Nellie McClin3r. White Guynn, a thoroughly j tock, to Mr. James Daugherty, of.competent civil engineer, of Lexing-1 Paris. The wedding took place yeston, to supervise the building and terday afternoon at 4:30 o'clock, at-repairing of South Main street, in ' the home of Dr. and Mrs. Frank L.this city. Mr. Guynn will have , Lapsley, in Shelbyville. The cere- supervision over the work, but will.mony was performed by Rev. C. S.Ckeep an assistant on the job at all ! Matthews. After a short wedding- times to watch the building of the j trip Mr. and Mrs. Daugherty will re--ithoroughfare as it progresses. turn t Paris, and will occupy aiAlJPOLLY OF THE CIRCUS. A wholesome, human interest. play about John Douglas, theMinister; Polly the circus rider; Toby, the clown; Big Jim;Miss Perkins; Deacon Strong; Barker, the circus owner;Handy, the negro servant, and Hasty, her husband.A finer play for the whole family to enjoy has never beenwritten. It thrills with its big serious dramatic action. ItTrv touches the heart strings with its sweetest pathos. It convulseswith humorous situations.fTolly of the Circus is presented by a strong. New York pro-.fessional cast. The same effective performance is secured asr when flayed in New York and other large cities to large city' audiences.Single admission only 75 cents? But buy season tickets, hearit all, and the cost is less than 21 cents a program. Everyprogram is something nne, that you will enjoy.Buy Season Tickets - '" f Let the Family Enjoy Themselves '4,-For Six Helpful Entertaining . Days-;' Z Sk ,"-..'i r . -IChautauqua, Millersburg, Ky.JUNE 24th -39th-x tKPRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.GALLERY-ADULTS 2fc, CHILDREN lie, War Tax Inc.TONIGHT 2 Splendid Features (Sfllofner jSSfiSSO 2 Big Stars TONIGHTWhat shalllbe done with our daughters? What are they doing to the mothers of tomorrow?sEr MARION DAVIES "ENCHANTMENT"ra14 L 4-Un 4-AMA:MM v ,- :. ... : Jjx Bwxy uj. tiic beiuiiijg ui a uyyvL uii a way yuu ve never imagined.And Solve TheseQuestionsoIlheVjtprlo0grkam William Russell " "The Roof Tree" iSai-The title sounds peculiar, doesnt it? You're wondering what the story is about, aren't you? Sorry we can't tell you'lljusthave to come and find out yourself. e v .SATURDAY Your Two Favorite Stars are Here . SATURDAYRUDOLPH VALENTINOAND ALICE TERRYA Metro Classic in 8 astounding parts. A beautiful love story played by the greatest lover on .the screen! You simplycannot afford to pass this one by. You must see it!"TWO FACES WEST," a Standard Comedy, and RATHE NEWSStars of "The Four Horsemen,"are presented in another bigRex Ingram Special .....The Conquering PowerMONDAYDOROTHY PHILLIPSTUESDAY"MAN WOMANMARRIAGE99THE GREATEST LOVE STORY EVER TOLDIts theme is the faith of woman throughout all the"ages. It pictures a triumph of mother-right in scenes o drama, humorand sacrifice. A FIRST NATIONAL ATTRACTION.new home on Second street recentlypurchased by Mr. Daugherty.The bride is a sister of Mrs. Ben.Bedford and Miss Nannie McClintock, of Paris, and Mrs. F. L. Lapsley, of Shelbyville, and has for sometime held an important clerical position with Dau.erherty Bros., Mr.touched her with his finger, and sheslept," but not until a beautifullife was lived, not until visions ofa heavenly refuge had illnminedthe valley of the shadow.- Mrs. Wilmoth is survived by onesister, Mrs. N. T. Carley, of Cincinnati; four daughters, Mrs. JamesDaugherty being' the senior member JT. Lail, Mrs. Robert Goggin, ofoi Hie nrm. xie is a, uiuiuei yj. ui.Charles G. Daugherty and GarrardDaugherty, Mrs. J. T. Hazelrigg andMiss Anna .Daugherty, of Paris, andMr. Frank Daugherty, of Philadelphia. -Paris, Mrs. Lindsay Moore, of Detroit, Mich., Mrs. M. W. Ditchen, ofNew York, and three sons, Thomasand Carley Wilmoth, of Paris, andCharles Wilmoth, -of Texas.The funeral will be held at theWindsor Hotel, to-morrow (Satur-BLANTON OLDHAM j day) afternoon at 3:30 o'clock, withThe wedding of Miss Laura ' ervices conducted by Rev. C. H.Shackleford Blanton, daughter of,Greer an,d ?f,y- Sadler- The interMr. and Mrs. William Edgar Blan-1 men' W1" f.ollow on the family lotton, and Mr. Cecil Wood Oldham, Jn the Pris, Ce,metery- The pallboth of Richmond, was solemnized Jea" L be J R' JaC0D JohnTuesday afternoon at the home of L' ShuTff' "? Shuff' R- v- BishP.Dr. and Mrs. Harry Blanton, in that I J"? LaU Lindsay Moore, Dr. W.city. The bride, who is a most " Ussery' J H- Shropshire, Jas. M.charming and beautiful young wo-1 Russe11' Walter Carley-man, is the daughter of Mr. andMrs. William Edgar Blanton, and aCheer up. When business is bad'-- -. 5i3iiswirf-i'J1 :j! ... . & . j-?rasn-, - v-T? - v jr. j Sr- -mr " ' i j j .. '- -" t- -Wft, jr irmr ir . - x, ' w j-3 - - x -. -- r j tx-DEATHSlife Js But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayWILMOTHAs peaceful as a child fallsinto slumber, so death came at threeo'clock Wednesday morning, to Mrs.Lamira Wilmoth, aged eighty-two,at the Windsor Hotel, where shehad been making her home forsome time with her daughter, Mrs.Robert Goggin. Mrs. Wilmoth hadbeen ill for several days, but hercondition had slightly improved until Wednesday morning, when Mrs.Goggin, going to her mother's bedside, found she had passed away.Mrs. Wilmoth was a daughter ofthe late Wm. P. and Hannah Daughters, of Harrison county, and wasthe widow of Samuel Wilmoth, formany years a prominent business manof Paris, the family residing in EastParis. She was a woman of fineChristian character, a woman whomit was a 'pleasure to know. She wasa faithful and devoted member ofher church, not only faithful to herchurch, but just as faithful in believing-that it was her duty as aChristian to do the4 will of the Master at all times. Hers was a lovingnature. She was always ready tolend a helping hand in time of needboth in acts of kindness and inkind words. Her devotion to herfamily knew ho bounds, and therewas no limit to her affection. Herretiring nature led her to hide herbest qualities from public g&zer butthey were revealed tothose who enjoyed her acquainanc,, yet it was inner Home that her true worth wasmost conaniciousx She was nafiAnfI loving v and - self-sacrificing, "God.granddaughter of the late Dr. L. H. Just be thankful that you are not ajianton, ror many years pastor or uiu " xvuooia..the Paris Presbyterian church, and J fmm tm mmmmmm mmmformerly of the Centre- College fac-ulty, at Danville. Her father spent ,his boyhood days in Paris. Shewas lovely in a gown, of white crepede chine and her bouquet was ofwhite roses and sweet peas.The ceremony took place before analtar of flowers and ferns- in thelarge living room, which was decorated with delphinium and pinkroses. Dr. R. L. Telford was the officiating "minister, and the bride wasgiven in marriage by her father.Only the members of the familywere present.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Oldham left for a short bridal trip,in their automobile, keeping theirdestination a secret. On their return they will be at home in Richmond. Among the out-of-town guestspresent for the ceremony were Mr.and Mrs. Emmett M. "Dickson andMrs. Benjamin Forsythe Buckner, ofParis, relatives of the bride.Y. M. C. A. NOTESThe last "eighth" in the Y. M. C.A. membership race will be runFriday, June 16. The finish promises to be an exciting one, as thecontestants are now very close, thescore being: Men's Division, 120points, and Women's Division, 190points."At the men's rally Wednesdayevening, Captain Tucker appealedto his team mates "to show a burstof speed on the finish, and to winin spite of their opponent's lead.Secretary Harrison appealed to everyman and boy present to "play thegame" and "to stage a rally in theninth inning," take the lead in thecontest and not let the "skirts" beatthem.He pointed out that the Y. M. C.A. was an organization of service,that the Bourbon County Y buildingwas erected" and maintained because a large group of citizens gaveof their service, both in time andmoney, and he appealed to thosepresent to give of their service inwork at this time.The individual point winners upto noon Thursday are as follows:Women Captain Stivers, 70, Mrs.Willie Barnett, 50, Mr3. FrankFarmer, 50, Mrs. Douglas Thomas,Jr., 10, Miss Eleanor Lytle, 10.Men Thos. Hubbard, 20, Robt. Megloner 10, Harry Tucker, 50, HarryBaldwin, Jr., 20,nMr. and Mrs. James CarroirBryan, Jr., of North Middletown,are welcoming the arrival of a sonat their home. The new member ofthe family circle has been christenedBillie Burns Bryan.REGISTER! REGISTER!LET EVERY DEMOCRAT, MANAND WOMAN, REGISTER ON JULY10 AND 11, IN BOTH CITY MFDCOUNTY. (tf)5BETTER SHOES-BETTER STYLES -LESS PRICESrnSpecial Great SalewMil !1;I'Amazing values in newest summer styles in White Cool Canvas Straps and Oxfords for every member of the family. Come thisweek and take advantage of the great - money saving opportunitythis economy stpre offers you.Sale Offerings Save the Difference$3.45Extraordinary Men's Tan LaceShoes; rubber heels. Special . . .Men's Tan Lace Work Shoes.Special$1.85Ladies' beautiful snow white CanvasLace Oxfords; Strap Slippers. Lowand medium white enamel heels.Special sale priceSpecial sale Ladies' White CanvasEnglish Oxfords. Low heels.Sale priceLadies' beautiful newest stylesWhite Canvas Sport and plainwhite. A great selection. Saleprice . . . ,mSale price Ladies' and GrowingGirls' Patent- Strap Slippers andOxfordsand . . .White Canvas Slippers;sizes 86 to ,12Wonderful values in Misses $3.00Patent Strap Slippers. SalePrice r"Rubber Heels at $2.99$1.99$1.69$2.49$2.49$1.24$1.951ff" 1 - - - - Jris - 'V. jc rr , -i- ,- - -.-"-- . ..-. .a.., VfcAt'V-'- fe-m WtffriirMiiiSfigitiiiDAN COHENPam Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and tcommmy Relga1lZh . &: -fc. .i Jf "Nh