-1 -flHii-BOURBON NEWS... " -vv? irHi- rt -T"1 ?3 . rUM-Tiy K -ir -ITUT-V .! rU:v jar., 114 jo! fujhtn . l virnissi.i-!5 -A ski- fcTPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND JFRIDAY IN THE YEAR.I HEVOLUME XLIIHEMOBIAL PLANS COMPLETEDSunday afternoon, March. 19, hasl3een selected as the day on whichthe drive to secure funds for purchase of the John T. Collins home assoldier memorial, will be started.The home will also he used for aCommunity House, the plans havingbeen perfected with that object inview. A large part of the fund forthe purpose was secured by subscriptions nearly three years ago.More than one hundred solicitorshave volunteered their services forthis occasion. The building, whichhas been agreed upon by the committee in charge of the fund, will,when purchased, be deeded to thecity of Paris and to Bourbon countyjointly. It will be used as headquarters for the Bourbon Post, AmericanLegion. A restroom will be provided for women of the city and county.A matron will be appointed to be incharge of the building, which wiirbe under the management of a boardof governors.A bronze tablet containing thenames of the Bourbon county soldierswho lost their lives in the worldwar, will be placed over the largedoorway in front.MOTHER "AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTWhile approaching the Paris endof the bridge over Cooper's Run, onthe Cynthiana pike, a short distancefrom Paris, Saturday night, a machine driven by C. R. Ring, of Columbus, Ohio, swerved from the roadand went over a steep embankment,being considerably damaged. Mr.Ring. escaped with a few bruises anda severe shaking up.The car dropped a distance ofabout ten feet. The front wheelswere broken off, the front radiusrods, the right front fender and therunning board being smashed. Whileiur. King was in Paris gettin-.. . v.e, t.uo lii J-rtlXO getting a Iwrecking car from the Big Fouroarage to cne scene, thieves had visited the place, and stolen the batteries and one spare tire. On accountof the difficult position in which themachine landed, Mr. Ring did notcome to Paris until early Sundaymorning, during which time thethieves got in their work.oYOU CAN JOIN AT ANY TIMEDO YOU KNOW YOU CAN JOINTHIS ASSOCIATION AT ANYTIME WITHOUT PAYING BACKDUES.Wj JLOOUXi JJiiUJH UNK TO (INKk i IV1 TfflTm "l f Am mmm a. -HUNDRED SHARES TO AWV mar?PEOPLES' BUILDING ATm THAWASSOCIATION, Inc.(14-2t)i"We Know Bow"YOUR NEWSTfTSONHATFOR SPRINGIS HERE$ Many of the most discriminating youngmen among our customers choose Stetsonsseason after season.They rely on Stetsonquality. They areappreciative of theStetson feeling forstyle. They knew thatin the big, varied stockwe carry is a hat exactly suited to them.!i Come in and let usshow you why Stetson wearers are enthusiasts. DERBIES ANDSOFT HATSMitchell &BlakemoreBALLIn a hard contested game the ParisHigh school basket ball team (boys)met defeat for the fourteenth timethis season at the hands of Maysvilleny the overwhelming score of 34 to13. The 13 seems to be after all anunlucky number and this probablyaccounts for the defeat, they havingpreviously lost 13 times.Next Friday night both the Paristeams play the last game at home,when they meet the visitors fromCynthiana. According to the dopefigured out at the recent intersectional tournament held at Lexingtonthe local boys have a slight edgeover the Harrison county lads, whilethe girls are about evenly matched.We hope the dope is right and thatthe Paris teams will no receive thesmall end of a bad defeat.The Bourbon Post basket ball teamwent down in defeat Friday night inthe game played with GeorgetownPost team on the Y. M. C. A. floors.Final score stood 28 to 12.. "The gamewas witnessed by a large and enthusiastic crowd of friends and rootersfor both teams. The game was fastfrom start to finish, but the Bourbonboys were a bit slow in starting intoaction. The "Fats" and "Leans" didnot play, the match being canceled,due to the fact that the "Fats" wereunable to get a number of theirplayers down to playing weight.' CEMENTJust received, a car of fresh Portland Cement. Let us price you.(It) FORD & CO.0TOBACCOJOTEARLY ALL DTUp to the present time about 7,-i 000.000 Rounds of tobacco has beenaeliverea to tlle floors of the Co-ope-rative Marketing Association housesin this city. It was stated yesterdaythat about 1,000,000 pounds yetremained to be brought in. It isthought this amount will be delivered within the next ten days. Newcontracts are being signed voluntarially by many who did not join theAssociation' last year.o1SLAYER STILL AT LARGEWill Williams, colored, who shot'and killed Carey Carmack, colored,I in a difilcultv in Sinerer's Allev some-5 nT 4-r -- w vt 3 -wi h1a Vi ? ct Aftnnnn fm61UD &" uuu "'uc " ayc, ic-mains at liberty, and the police have;not succeeded in locating him. Inquiry by the Coroner's office finallylocated some of Carmack's relativesat Best, South Carolina, who havebeen communicated with to learnwhat disposition is to be made of thebody.oATTENDS TELEPHONE CONVENTIONMr. J. J. Veatch, District Managerof the Central Home Telephone &Telegraph Company, attended theannual convention of the SouthernIndiana Telephone Association, heldin .New Albany, Ind., last week.Max F. Hosea, formerly managerof the Paris exchange of the HomeCompany, and now Treasurer of theAssociation, with headquarters atIndianapolis, was on the program,delivering an entertaining addresson the subject, "The Purpose " andBenefit of An Association." Mr.Fosea inquired regarding old friendsin Paris, and asked to be remembered to them. Mr. Veatch said this wasone of the most enthusiastic conventions he has ever attended. One offeatures was a practical demonstration of wireless telephone, which Mr.Veatch said showed the wonderfulpossibilities of this wonderful sys-jtem.REGISTERING- BIG TOBACCOCROP BY TELEPHONE(Southern Telephone News.)"An interesting situation arose inParis, Ky., the county seat of Bourbon county, which used to be famousfor other things, but still raises abumper crop of tobacco. It seemsthat every year on a certain datethe tobacco growers register theircrops with an official called the registrar. "There were approximately onethousand subscribers each trying tobe the first to register, and the registrar had only one telephone. Thebusiness was handled without asigle complaint from the public, buton the other hand there were numerous compliments from subscribers'for the consideration and efficientservice they received, and they leftabout ten dollars with our cashierfor the purpose of treating the operators, which was turned over to thesecretary "of the local."The Paris papers also published acard from the registrar, thankingI the manager and the operators forthe 'splendid service under very trying circumstances. e registered,'I he said, '845 crop lots, or 2,137loads one-half' or more being registered oyer telephones "PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY. MARCHFOR POOL PLANTO PROSECUTE3kiBurley Tobacco Association FavorsLegal Action Against Violators of Contractors'sNEARLY ALL TOBACCO IS INMembers of the Burley TobaccoGrowers Co-operative Associationthoroughly approve the proposedprosecution "of contract breakers,according to Director of WarehousesRalph M. Barker, who has returnedfrom an inspection trip over the district, in which he directed the closing of all but one of the receivingplants in each town having morethan one warehouse and talked withgrowers, bankers and business menin regard to the co-operative systemof marketing."I have never seen in my life sucha wonderful spirit of co-operationas was manifested at every point, Ivisited," said Mr. Barker. "I talkedwith farmers, merchants, bankers.and professional men in every town4and county, and it seemed to be theunanimous opinion that we have hitupon the right system for the disposition of the crop."In every county I visited, numerous farmers having had opportunityto observe the workings of the newsystem haven voluntarily come forward, asked for contracts and havesigned up their crops for the nexlfive years. I also learned that themembers unanimously approve theexpressed intention of the legal department to sue the men who havebroken their contracts by sellingtheir tobacco over theloose leaffloors and that they want this actiontaken as a means of protecting members of the association in the futurefrom welshers who seek to take advantage of price conditions createdby loyal members who keep theircontract."There are not many of these fellows, but some of them are prominent enough to attract attention andif they can 'get by' with such violation of the agreements, the growersdeclare, it will have a demoralizingeffect on the loyal growers andtempt others to violate their contract, should future market conditions continue as this year, which" Tsprobable." jMr. Barker said that practicallyall the association tobacco would bedelivered by the first of April.Leases on the warehouse plants allover the district practically havebeen completed, he said, and as soonas the work of receiving the tobaccois out of the way trades will be completed between the warehouse owners and the subsidiaries, which willtake deeds to the property under thecontracts originally signed by theowners and by Mr. Barker as theauthorized representative of the association. F. D. Williams, of Richmond, Va.,leader of the growers in the suncured association in Virginia,North Carolina and South Carolina,was in Lexington recently. He saidsuccess of the association in both thebright and dark districts of thesethree States was assured, beginningwith this year's crop.' While he wasaway from Lexington, Mr. Barkervisited Camp Taylor and the redrying plants of Louisville, Taylorsville,Bloomfield, Springfield, Lebanon,Harrodsburg, Danville, Lancasterand Carrollton.MAYORVETOES COUNCILTIONAC-. Wielding the official power vestedin him as the city's executive officer,Mayor E. B. January swung the vetoaxe Saturdayxat a special meeting ofthe Council, and lopped off the permit granted. by that body to J. A.Sullivan for operating a pool roomat Eighth and Sycamore streets.Mayor January stated that itwould be unwise to establish a precedent of this kind in such a localityon account of insufficient police protection, and that, in his opinion, itwas the worst location in Paris forsuch a business .to be conducted, because it would bring together a congregation of the worst elements ofboth whites and blacks in the community. This is the third vetoMayor January has issued this year.PRODUCE MARKETRVIEWIncreased production of egg dueto the mild weather has been reflected in larger receipts at selling markets and in lower prices. There isevery indication that a larger supplyof eggs will bev available this seasonthan last.A good, steady demand has beennoted for both live and dressedpoultry, with practically unchangedprices at the week's close.Cream deliveries to creameries areabout normal' for the season, withgood demand from consuming trade.Very little foreign, butter is insight, and prices are generallysteady.- - x J "MARCH TERMCIRCUIT COURTCourt Convenes For Three WeeksTerm With Unusually Large2 Docket PresentedJUDGE E. F. BATLEY PRESIDESThe Bourbon Circuit Court convened yesterday morning at 10o'clock for the March term of threeweeks, with one of the largest dockets in the history of the 'court. Inthe absence of Judge Robert L.Stout, who is ill in Florida, Governor Edward P. Morrow appointedJudge J. F. Bailey, of Paintsville, topreside. x Judge Bailey comes heralded as a Judge who believes in doing things, and the court officers andattorneys are looking forward to astrenuous term.Commonwealth's Attorney VictorK. Bradley was not present, due tohis being ill at his home in Georgetown, but is expected to be recoveredsufficiently to assume his duties today. In. the meantime the presenting of cases to the grand 'jury will bein the competent hands of CountyAttorney D. D. Cline.Following administering of theoath to Sheriff M. Peale Collier andhis deputies, Robert Gilkey, DouglasThomas and James Gibson, the grandjury was impaneled and the oath administered by Circuit Clerk Wm. H.Webb. The follqwing gentlemencompose the grand jury:N. F. Brent, foreman: s. T.Weathers,-Jos. Penn Redmon. JohnBrennan, Jos. H. Ewalt, Henry Judy,a. b. Hancock, Mav Goff. Wni tnrTate, James L. Dodge, Sam Hardingand W. E. Endicott.Judge Bailey delivered a lengthycharge to the jury, in which he called their attention to the different violations of laws most commonlypracticed. He said their presence inthe court as jurors was not of theirown choosing, but as a matter ofduty. "You came here ordinary citizens, but you are now acting in aresponsible capacity for the wholepeople of the county. Everythingdepends upon your actions. TheCommonwealth and County Attorneys, the Sheriffs, the petit iurors'V1116 Judge can do nothing without your nrst taking the initiative."The Judge, dwelt particularly nnnnthe all too common crime of perjury or false swearing. Very often,he said, the guilty are able to evadejustice through witnesses givingfalse testimony. The jury was advised to watch the faces of the witnesses, as they gave their testimony,and if they were judges of humannature they could almost alwavs tellwhen a witness was telling the truth Iwi wiieu xie was not.Seduction under promise of marriage, and oftimes then abandonment,he said, is a crime too often" lookedupon lightly. By many it is notlooked upon as a serious matter.The man who commites this seriousbreach of the law deserves to begiven a, prison sentence."One of the greatest city, county,State, National and world problemsof the present day, is the violationsof the liquor laws. I do not believeit is as bad here in Bourbon as in themountain counties. Nine-tenths ofall crimes committeed have beentraced to liquor, and for this reason,if no other, I wish you to investigatethoroughly the violation of the liquorlaws. You who are residents of theBluegrass do not appreciate the greatadvantages under which you live, asmuch as do those who live in themountainous regions. Bourboncounty seems to me to be the gardenspot of the world. God must havesmiled when He made it." You. arerich in manhood, womanhood, childhood and material wealth. You aregrowing better and must continue todo so. Keep the liquor question as'much as you can. Juries, as a rule,are too light in their verdicts. I donot want you to convict an innocentman, but I do asl you to give theguilty the limit, and attach to it awork sentence. A man who will makewhiskey illegally, or sell it illegally,will also commit other crimes such asxperjury, theft, and perhaps murder."The court adjourned at noon untilthis morning at nine o'clock. Thegrand jury continued in sessionthrough yesterday afternoon.oASSESSMENT OF STATE REDUCED In the equalized assessment 'of the120 counties of the State, made bythe State, Tax Commission whichshows a decrease of $64,043,525 under last year, Bourbon county is figured as follows: Equalized assessment, $35,178,457; Loss, $387,461.The decrease is due mainly to afalling off in intangibles and livestock. Real estate is assessed atpractically what it was last year.The equalized assessments of theState Tax. Commission "are phased onthe returns of the County Tax Com-.miflflioners.14 1S22CELEBRATES EIGHTIETH BIRTH.DAY.Joy and gladness radiated fromthe serene countenance of Mrs. BelleBrent Alexander, of Paris, as sheviewed the many manifestations ofregard of her friends' and relatives,shown in floral offerings and telegrams or congratulations, Sunday.The day was the eightieth return ofher natal day, she having seen thelight of day in this city eighty yearsago.- All through the day friends calledto shower Mrs. Alexander with congratulations, and to hope she wouldsee many happy returns of the gladday. Flowers of varied hues andscents sent bv Mrs a i a ,.friends made the home a cozy bowerof beauty. Hundreds of congratulatory telegrams from all parts of thecounty came in during the day, eachone bearing a message of cheer andexpressions of good will for Mrs. Alexander, whose face beamed with delight, as the messages were read.Surrounded by members of her family, and happy in the knowledge of asecure place in the esteem and affection of those who knew her, MrsAlexanderr gazed through mist-ladeneyes when one softly sang to herthe old refrain, "Grandmother'seighty years old to-day." And asthe shades of night softlv drpw t,I the falling of twilight was emblem-dtic or tne sunset of her life, enveloping all in its simplicity, its lightsand its love until the day when lifeshould be no moreDATES ANNOUNCED POR RACEMEETINGSDates for the spring racing meetings of the Kentucky Jockev ninhwere -set bv thA TCpntiint-n- a.pacing Commission at its meeting in-"-uv,h.j oirticnission at. its rnpoHno- i-nLexington, SaturdayThey are asroiiows:Lexington, Saturday, April 29Wednesday, May 10.toLouisville, Saturday,Saturday, June 3.May 13 toLatonia, Tuesday, June 6 to Saturday, July 8.Lexington as ten days, ChurchillDowns 19 and Latonia 29, making atotal of 58 days of racing. "The Kentucky Derby, it was announced, will be run on Saturday,May 13, the opening day of theChurchill Downs meeting.Vice Chairman J. O. Keene presided over the meetins: in tho ahCQof Chairman J. N. Camden, who is inCalifornia., Other members presentwere Robert Hunter. Thnmoa n TvrDowell and Ernest Pollard.1FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFlTTERS-Now ShowingNew Spring Styles.if.X&& -FRANK&CO.LADIESVOUTFITTERSCITY DADSM SESSIONCommittees Are Granted Fnthtr- Time To Investigate Matter.Under ConsiderationSTREET SUPT. OFFICE VACAUTAt the regular meeting of the CityCouncil, held in the Council Chamber, in the City Hall, the committedappointed at a former meeting forthe purpose ot having the businesshouses and residences of the cityproperly numbered,' was given anextension of time, also 'the committees on repairing the Vine streetculvert and on the soldiers' memorialfund.On account of the recent death ofThomas P. "Woods, Superintendent ofPublic Works, a vacancy was declared existing. The Council wentinto executive session, at the conclusion of which the announcement wasmade thatino appointment would bemade at present. The memhprs nfthe Council desired to have moratime in which to investigate thequalifications of the large number ofapplicants for the place. The Mayor,in the meantime, was given power toappoint someone to fill the positiontemporarily, if he should think thisnecessary.Mayor January called attention ofChief of Police Link to complaintsreceived, which stated that a numberof erff iT-i-nir o.;,i ,..,. i," wvr it. uimn. smuua nwc ivcpu uptJUi until an li-nroncnnoVkln hnm i v..i until an unreasonable hour in themorning, and that drunken personswere in the habit of congregating atthe places named; alsoto conditions existing at a colored poolroom on Main street, where crowdscongregate on the sidewalks.J. A. Sullivan was granted permission to open and operate a poolroom on Eighth street.The old patrol wagon was orderedsold for what it would bring. Thequestion of granting a permit to acolored congregation to build achurch, which had been argued atprevious meetings, was brought up,and action was again postponed.Councilmen Doyle and Skillmanwere appointed a committee to drafta set of resolutions upon the deathof former Councilman Thos. P.Woods.The condition of South Mainstreet was again brought to the attention of the Council.CoatsCapes.SuitsFrocks4'.. WaistsEvening Dressesy II fBML.., iJ.r . - .. - v .5 i . i ,.c jn-r -r jw ?rr , a ic -w-o .. ..- w-x Tv' X "12-X " sirsri ... r--;.Xf. - - - - - v- ev - ' ..-. . - r--si".-' :r- wr-i v . -4k. jP.i- j: 3 ,-!.,..-. ".. StMm&'M1ryPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON, NEWSr PARIS,KENTUCKY-r?a.TOB8DAY, MAltCq U; iffl-;THE BOURBON NEWSKsfeblklied 188141 Years of Continuous Publicationmbliihed Every Tuesday and FridayPer Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash, in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner:(Entered at thet Paris, Kentucky,Potoffle as Mail Matter of theSc0nd Class.)OUE FOREIGN EEPEESENTATIVES. New York American Press Association. Chicago lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.GET YOUE (DOPY IT EARLYADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andjeimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tne light of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation"which may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to the-lattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSOne of the many annoyances thenewspaper is subjected to is thehabit of many advertisers waitinguntil the last minute to send in theircopy for advertising. THE NEWShas had -and is still having its shareof this. Many months ago we triedto put into execution a plan forhaving copy for changes of advertisements brought or sent to theoffice on Saturday or Wednesday. Itworked for a while. Then the inevitable happened. The adviserserswho had been so prompt fell fromgrace, and began to lag. Then theprinter began to cuss. NowIf I were a merchant I wouldn'twait, until the -last minute beforehanding in my copy for the currentissue of THE NEWS to the printer,for the printer is a human being aswell as a mechanical institution. Hecan't do the miraculous thing, although he can come about as close todoing it as the next man.An eleventh hour ad has to be setup in an eleventh hour manner;that is, the printer, for the want oftime, must sling it together in thequickest way possible, without dueregard to proper display and wellbalanced proportions. Therefore, -itfollows that the merchant is not getting good service that he would gethad his copy been received in duetime.The merchant who is v habituallybehind with his ad copy is hardly awelcome guest in the print shop.He gets on the printer's nerves, withthe result that the printer is "outof sorts" mentally; while physicallyhe feels as if he would like to "pi"something. In this state of mind hecan't do his best.While the printer is setting theeleventh-hour ad he is also sayingsomething under his breath thatmight lose the merchant an advertiser if he but knew what the printer was thinking of and talking tohimself about.LINCOLN'S GBANDFATHER BELIEVED BUBEED IN STATEThe bandits who robbed the New iYork Globe were sufficiently sophisticated to tackle the fellow who wasrushing to bank with the depositscoming from the counting room instead of slamming the cashier whenhe was paying off the editorial force.-:In sundry cities in Kentucky it isalmost as easy to get a drink as itwas before prohibition, but it isn'tas easy to reach the convalescentstage as it used to be to reach homeafoot and fit a latchkey into a keyhole moving obliquely in several directions. When-age begins to creep upon a.man lie begins to wear rubber shoesand . exercise caution. At the sameperiod of life the up-to-date womanbegins to wear extreme sport clothesand exercise discretion as to what-shall he the color of her hair for therest of her life.V, Charlie Gilsey the Paris philoso'pher, says one must kiss a girl onthe nap of the neck to avoid dangerof tooth-or-mouth infections. Agreat plan for the stage lover, whoalways makes love to the heroinethe nape of the neck to avoid dangerder that both may face the audi-Cence."""Now - when the first robin appearsin the pressThe fields are all hear and there'ssnow more or less.But robins like cherries, and wemust agreeJt does come in handy that famedold cherry tree!Next we'll have bustles and mutrton chop sleeves like grandma usedto wear. But don't think that granny will wear 'em in 1922. She'll. continue to bounce around kewpiedup like some flapper's niece, even ifthe rest of the ladies dress digni-J5edly and silly.A Kentucky father was fined $5.00and costs for "biffing on the nose" adaughter who called him a 1910. model hecause he objected to herpainting her lips and cheeks, powdering her nose, pulling out her eyebrows with tweezers, bobbing herhair, and a few dozen other feminine.lads, also going put for a walk withunbuckled goloshes. But the judge-saved the dignity of the court by observing that the case is not one-calling for the opinion of the courtwas to "flappers." ."Nobody but the late Sir William"Sullivan Gilbert could write a libretto based on the State-rocking'question as to whether the DarwinIan theory of evolution is to betaught in the University of Kentucky. A long speech, in verse, by aKentucky legislator, asserting thatthe theory is "a grave insult, gentlemen, to the justly famed beauty,gentlemenT of the beauty of the noblewomen, gentlemen, of this justly. famed State," would make, for oneb.earer, at least, a pleasing evening.vThe times are out of joint, There-are only two Smiths in Congressnow.; Appl were not selling at presentjricai; wkea Eve tempted Adam with.. h-J15"'Efforts that are to be made atonce to establish the facts regardingthe death of Abraham Lincoln'sgrandfather, for whom the martyredpresident was .named, may revealthat the first Abraham Lincoln isburied in Jefferson county, it developed at a meeting of the FilsonClub, in Louisville. The Rev. Dr.William E. Barton, pastor of theFirst Congregational church, OakPark, 111., who is engaged in research into the Lincoln family's history, has established fairly definitely, his letter said, that the firstAbraham Lincoln was killed in thelatter part of the eighteenth century in an Indian fight on thebanks of the South Fork of Floyd'sCreek, and was buried near thescene of his death. This is thoughtto have been in the southwest cornerof Jefferson county, or perhaps,across the line in eitherJDldham orBullitt counties.oTHIN, FLAT HAIRGROWS LONG, THiCKAND ABUNDANT"Danderine" cctsonly 35 cents a bottle.One application endsall dandruff, stopsitching and fallinghair, and in a fewmoments, you havedouble the beauty ofyour hair. It will appear a mass, so soft,lustrous, and easy todo up. But what willplease you most willbe after a few weeksuse, when you seenew hair, fine anddowny at first yesbut really new hair growing all overthe scalp. "Danderine" is to thehair what fresh showers of rain andsunshine are to vegetation. It goesright to the roots, invigorates andstrengthens them. This delightful,stimulating tonic helps thin, lifelessfaded hair to grow long, thick,heavy and luxuriant. (T-tf)oWILL KEEP THE "FLAT WHEELD0LLABS"The Junction City correspondenceof The Danville Advocate pubilshesthe following regarding a formerParis boy:"Louis Kriener, cashier of -theFirst State Bank, is the only personin Boyle county and 'possibly in thissection of Kentucky who succeededin securing two of the new silverdollars just out of the mints. Allof these dollars which had notbeen sent out of the Federal Reserve Banks have been ordered backto the Treasury in Washington City.From there they will be sent to thevarious mints and melted and recoined into a more perfect coin, according to dispatches from the capital. It is claimed that these newdollars are thicken on one side thanthe other and therefore cannot bestacked. Mr. Kriener has just twoof the new dollars, which he willkeep as souvenirs."It has occurred to you, of course,that some of these infant republicsneed spanking. 'oThere was once a man-who mademoney out of a getirich-guickscheme. .He operated it.SIR HARRY LAUDERGALLS FOR HELPNoted Scotch Comedian In Letter ToCol. Fred Levy Endorses The American Jewish Relief CommitteeCampaign.Kentuckians Are Urged To Joint TheRest of The Country In ContributingFunds For The Relief of StarvingAnd Destitute Jewish PeopleIn Europe.Sir Harry Lauder, the great Scotchcomedian, is firmly of the opinionthat in helping the stricken people ofEurope, Americans will also be helping themselves. Upon a recent visitto Louisville, Sir Harry wrote a letter to his friend", Col. F;ed Levy, StateChairman for Kentucky of the American Jewish Relief Committee, endorsing heartily the efforts of that organization to raise $150,000 in the statefor the starving orphans" and men andwomen of Central and Eastern Enrope. Sir Harry declared that it is asmuch the business of the non-Jew asit is of the Jew -that Eiix-opa gets onher feet at e earliest possible moment. While the campaign in Kentucky isbeing conducted by Jewish people andwhile the appeal for aid is made tothem direct, all who desire to give areurged to do so and are assured thaftheir contributions will be gratefullyacknowledged.Sir Harry's letter follows:"Dear Col. Levy:"I am so impressed on just learningthat you, as wellas a great manyothers, are devoting valuable time toconducting a campaign here for relieiof the many destitute Europeans, thatI wondered if it would not help youiorganization to know that the kindness of heart impelling busy men tosacrifice time and give large sums forthis purpose, is bound to be repaid athousandfold by the benefits thiscountry will derive if the much neededhelp at this time will enable Europeto get back to normal."I do not know whether you have! FIRST CL.4S COALWe are selling the best grade ofBlock Coal for $650 per ton at theyards, and $7.00 per ton for citydelivery. Why pay more? Everyload guaranteed.MANSFIELD &' JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.Cumberland Phone 711, Home 510.(jan27-tf-T)(jan3-13-T)FINANCIAL HEADS PREDICTBETTER TIMES SOONBetter business conditions in thecountry continuing throughout theyear were foreseen by Eugene Myer,Jr., manager director of the WarFinance Corporation, in an addressat a luncheon of the New York Republican Club. Every concrete andtangible pledge of evidence, he asserted, pointed to an existing andprospective gradual improvement Jinthe general situation."Better financial conditions andthe recent stabilization of the markets for agricultural products," fiesaid, "furnish a sound basis for thebusiness recovery already well underway and for the confidence that theimprovement, possibly with temporary reactions, will continuethroughout the year. The improvement at home is supplemented bythe "return toward normal of someof the important forefgn exchanges,which warrants the hope of thestabilization of our foreign commerce. The outlook for agriculture,fpr the railroads and for businessgenerally may be viewed more hopefully than for a long time past.""It is to be hoped," he said, "thatthe expenditure of the railroads withthe revolutionary effect of rate increases on the movement of trafficwill result in a more elastic handlingof the rate situation by the railroads under the supervision of theinterstate 'Commerce commission."Railroads, he continued, must goSEARCH SUCCESSFUL AFTERNINETEEN -YEARSbeyond the mere transports ques-ever heard any one else express thisition and take their share in reduc-thought which stands out vividly j'd I ing the other costs besides rates.my mind, but it seems to me that iithe business men of the United Stateswould stop to realize that Europe isthe market ol the world, and must beput right before this country can itself get right, that you would haveno difficulty in your task.. The manwho claims he is not interested in thewelfare of these people is simplyblind to the fact that the secret ofthe depression he is complaining oihere is found in the dead standstill oistarving, homeless and destitute Europe, which only craves a chance taget back on her feet. Poor Europe I"I have recently seen conditionsthroughout Europe and I speak fromfirst hand knowledge. have finish;ed with battleships, now we needfriendships, the brotherhood of man !"I wish you great success, and foithe good of both Europe and the United States don't fail. I know Scotchmen don't know the word failure beScotch on this occasion."Cordially yours,"HARRY "LAUDER."JEWISH PEOPLE TOSTAGE OAMPAIKENTUCKIANSWILL RAISE MON-EY TO HELP STARVING ANDDESTITUTE PEOPLE OFEUROPE.Col. Fred Levy of Louisville AndChairman of State Campaign AndIrvin Marcus Is State DirectorHeadquarters In Louisville.A nineteen-year search,, for, a missing man, which covered Europe,Asia and Australia and twice crossthe Atlantic into America, was ended when Mrs. Ida Shapiro, of Chicago, was notified that her cousin,Bernard" Friedman, had been locatedin New York.Friedman, when 1ST years oIdwandered away from his home inLund, Sweden, according to Mrs.Shapiro. His parents spent muchmoney in an effort to trace him, butafter several years of unsuccessfulsearch they died of grief. Mrs. Shapiro took up the search'.She followed the trail throughEurope into Asia and1 then to- Australia. Ten years ago Mrs. Shapirocame to America, married and' settledin Chicago, but still continued thesearch.An advertisement in a New Yorknewspaper finally led' Friedman toa younger sister there and" the Shapiros were notified. Friedman is expected to arrive in Chicago-, within afew days.0. ft MOFEAUCETONEERLive Stock and Farm Sales. TermsSeasonable.Phone, writeor wre me at BrownProctoria Hotel,(10-tf) Winchester, Ky.NEW TAXINew Machine; Real Service; Anywhere; Any Time.Call Office of Big 4 Motor Company.Cumb. Phone 891.Home Phone 249.. . F. L, McCLANAHAN, Manager.AGENTS WANTEDMen and women agents, DistrictManagers and" Canvassers. Now is thetime to sell our R. & B. Ring Cleaner. Wonderful opportunity for livewire hustlers- Sample, 15 cents.R. & B. PRODUCTS CO.(10-6t) Dallas, Texas.FOR SALEFine lot ' of Clover Hay. CallCumberland Phone 135. C28-tf)PUBLIC SALEOFSTOCK, CEO?, PARMETG IMPLEHENTS, H0USES0LB GOODSHaving decided t6 quit farming, Iwill sell at public? sale onWednesday, March 15,starting at 10 o'clock,, at" my placeon the Maysville pike, ' miles from.Paris, the following:4 good" work mares;1 good 4-year-old marS mule;5 milk cows, two fresh r7 yearling steers;4 yearling heifers; t1 good red 3-year-old buIT;5 150-lb. hogs;40 good ewes, now lambing;2 pure bred" Southdown bucks;Lot bure bred Barred Plymouth-Rock chickens;About 200 barrels of Corn in crib;About 75 bales- of timothy hay:Farm implements of all kinds;Household and' kitchen furniture.Terms made known on day of sale.C. S. BAIL.fGEO. D. SPEAKESV Auctioneer.(7-10-14).iVM fIt will soon be time for-the baseball umpires to begin to do whateverit is that they do in' winter.We sometimes wonder how thegreat men of the world: amuse them.selves before golf was invented.During the latter part of March, theJewish people of Kentucky are to, joinin the great campaign now being car,ried on by the American Jewish Relief Committee for the relif of thestricken Jewish people of Europe.Since the great world war started(the Jewish people of this country haveraised practically $50,000,000 for thiswork. Every cent of the money hasbeen 'spent. According to the bestfigures of men who have just return-J'ed from personal inspection of conditions in Central and Eeastern Europe,$14,000,000 more must be supplied atonce of the stricken Jews there aregiven adequate aid.Already enthusiastic and effectivecampaigns have been carried -on fromMaine to California, and from Minnesota to Texas. Reports from thesecampaigns show that never beforehave the Jewish people of this country rallied to the cry of their strickenbrothers and sisters in Europe as theyare doing today.Every state quota has been reachedand passed a most remarkable showing. Cities in which it was predictedthat the campaign appeal would findho response are surpassing the fondest hopes of the campaign managers.Chicago's quota of $1,000,000 was raised to $1,836,000 and oversubscribed.St Louis, Milwaukee, St. Joseph, Mo.,Kansas City, Los Angeles, Baltimore,and other cities have exceeded theirquotas.Kentucky's campaign organiza-1tion is in the hands of Colonel FredLevy of Louisville, Chairman. IrvinMarcus of Louisville is director of thestate drive. Headquarters are in complete operation on the third floor ofthe- Keith National Theatre -Buildingin Louisville,TOBACCO SEEDGenuine Judy's Pride TobaccoSeed for sale, $1.25" per ounce. Seethe undersigned att the tobacco warehouses. (3feb-tf) S. K. NICHOL&. -H. N. HORINEFurniture Finishing, Painting, )Decorating, (draining, House andSign Painting. Interior and Exterior.Call Home Phone 246, -E: T. 402.(7mar-to-a-28)We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehoia goods.A large line of heating stoves nowon display. Get our priees beforeyou buy.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf)Income TaxReturnsIndividuals and partnerships,Can prepare a limited number.Office at Bourbon News, 320Main Street.J. R. HOWE.Satisfies the sweet toothand aids appetite and digestion.Cleanses mouth and teeth.A great boon to smokers,relieving hot, dry mouth.Combines pleasure 'andbenefit.Don't miss the joy of thenew WRIGLEY'S P-K the sugarcoated peppermint tid bit!- iPw Mk yfC) .2bs-u10WHAT EVERYCOMPLEXION NEEDSOnce every day your skin shouldbe gently but thoroughly cleansed ofall accumulations ot dirt, perspiration,cold cream, rouge andjjowder.Every tiny pore must be freedfrom clogging accumulations, so thatthe! net work of minute glands can dotheir necessary work. If you fail tocleanse the skin daily it will get sluggishand inactive, lifeless and sallow. Blackheads will develop the filled up poreswill enlarge into unattractive coarseness and dirt infections, irritation andpimples will result.For this cleansing you must use amild soap. Palmolive is made fromPalm and Olive oils. For thousandsof years these rare oils have been usedby famous beauties. They were highlyprized by Cleopatra.Today these oils are blended toproduce the most famous of all modernsoaps Palmolive. It produces a profuse creamy lather which is as smoothas a lotion. It penetrates every tinypore and removes every trace of dirt,oil and cosmetics, leaving the skinwonderfully smooth, fresh and rosy.You can buy Palmolive Soap atall first class groceries and drugstores.THE PALMOLIVE COMPANYMilwaukee, Wis.-1 1sV&'4rhA?J-?i3pL"H1-- f S.i$. . -,'tff"t?g&3-3r r ". r-.?zg$jJ$fc? -v sL-i . A -"t"-fe;r r i: F?. ": rJ-?'" ts Ttt2bf"J.V-0'45- r -- ' - - -.- ryiv? r..J""5i" t-rjS-JJf.-- -s. ."J.."- eJ-r-, .-V -. . -?zStm- j-. "y,- - .-" -"- it" ,- ,. .aKAi'7"J o. -2: .rr- rf.5ir-TUESDAY, HARCH;14, 1922- I 1B .m a -as-H-HMAm Eating BetterSleeping Better andFeeling Bette ThanIn Years, Thanks toTANLACIt built me up ninepounds in three weeks.This is the statementof Mrs. Bessie Roberts.1002 Laurel St., W.Tampa, Fla. Chronicindigestion,gastritis, rheumatism, weakness and similar complaintsseldom fail to disappear entirely when you take Tanlac.It builds you up and enablesyou to throw off disease. Atall good druggists.WHAT SHALL, THEY WEAE TOCHUECH SERVICES 'Commenting on the Ottawa, On-tario, priest who refused admissionto his church ' to young womenAncnA K-n cl.'iimr r,4-,,, 1 1dressed in skiing costume of breeches, jersey and jacket, many Washington churchmen have expressedunmeasured condemnation of thiR attitude. Said the Rev. Dr. CharlesF. Martin: "God isn't interested inwhat you wear as long as it is suitable for the purpose for which it isworn. Personally, if my churchwere so situated that women neededskiis to get to it, I should be proudto welcome them."Dr. H. V. Burch commented as follows: "The problem of to-day is tokeep women interested in the workof the house of God. A churchwhich can interest a woman enoughto make her dress in an athleticcostume and do a lot of hard work toget to it is fortunate; a priest whothen forbids entry to his buildingmust have him mind on somethingelse than the world."INGROWN TOE NAILTURNS JUT ITSELFA noted authority says that a fewdrops of "Outgrow" upon the skinsurrounding the ingrowing nail reduces inflammation and pain and sotoughens the tender, sensitive skinunderneath the toe nail, that it cannot penetrate the flesh, and the nailturns naturally outward almost overnight."Outgrow" is a harmless, antiseptic manufactured for chiropodists.However, anyone can buy from thedrug store a tiny bottle containingjurections. (T-tf)oADDING MACHINE EOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.WE HAVE A EEW1 - Gallon CansOFRed PittedCherriesPearsApricotsPeachesApplesthat we will sell at verylow prices while they last.If You Want Fresh FishGALLLogan HowardBoth Phones 179"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"TREESFor Spring Planting!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsStrawberriesGrape VinesPerennialsEvergreensHedgingEtc.Seed PotatoesEverything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden. A largeillustrated catalog and guidesent on request.-H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsA Nursery Word in KentuckyLexington, KentuckyJtilUSapr) .s n"DDAnHTTTl n 1 -r-r. L"urvxoXiA -QAxALHST iJJtOTTTKT?. 1EECALLED BY DEATHThe death in Lexington recentlyof a former Paris sirl. Mrs. Sn.Hanson Taylor, widow of GibsonTaylor, a prominent Winch ARt.nrbusiness man, recalls to manv Partepeople the strange fact that her fa-tner and three uncles were on opposite sides in tip QivJJ W& thoughthey remained brothers in spirit andaffection under all the stress of thosetrying days. ,Mrs. Taylor" was Miss Sara Hanson, daughter of Col. Charles Hanson, who was a noted, commander inthe Federal army, hlla hf hrnthoGeneral Roger Hanson, also of Parisnem a command in the Confederatearmy, and became eauallv as notoriHe was an idol of his soldiers, andwhen he was killed in action in thebattle of Stone River, Kentuckiansforgot they were men and supposedto be of stolid material and wept likeChildren. His body was buried inthe Lexington Cemetery, where aHandsome erraniie ThfifiHTO&nt. wm.b.auuc uiuuumenij pur-chased mainlv t.hirmrTi f..n, :by the Confederates of Bourbon andFayette counties, marks the placewhere he" rIppc Tiio ioo i iuw loai, lung sieep.Of the twg remaining Hanson broth-nitet Tr.n tt j n ..ters. Isaac Hanson and SnmiiPi "Hanson, Jr., one served in the Federal Iand one in tne Confederate army.Col. Charles S. Hanson command-ed the Federal forces at the battle ofSaltVlllP Vjl Q Tl A KDOaitrnil -,-,.JSaltville, Va., and received a woundin that battle from which he neverfully recovered. -When he was cantured by the Confederate forces, com-monol Vv - i t-i 'manaea bv General John S. WilHams, of Cerro Gordo fame, he wastaken by Gen. Williams to his owntent and attended by his own surgeon. Col. Hanson. Mrs. Tavlor'sfather, was 'also one of the commanders at Lebanon when the battle' atthat point was led for the Confed-ertaes by Gen. John H. Morgan andU01. Koy S. Cluke, of Bourbon county, a number of Bourbon cmmtvConfederates taking part.HOUSEHOLD CARESTax the Women of Paris the SameAs ElsewhereHard to attend to household dutiesWith a constantly aching back.A woman should not have a badback,And she seldom would if the kidneys were well.Doan's Kidney Pills are endorsedby thousands. Ask your neighbor.Have been used in kidney troubleover 30 years.Read what this Paris woman says:Mrs. J. R. Moore, f33 E. Eighthstreet, says: "I was in bad shapewith my kidneys a year ago. Myback nearly killed me with pain.There was a steady, dull ache justover my kidneys and I was weakand miserable. I often had to let myhousework go undone and I wouldget to dizzy that black specks camebefore my eyes. My feet and anklesswelled, too. I doctored for a time,but got no relief, so finally began touse Doan's Kidney Pills. My healthwas greatly improved in a shorttime and two boxes cured me. It isa pleasure for me to recommendDoan's Kidney Pills."Price v60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for -a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Moore had. Foster-MilhnrnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)WATTERS01FS BODY TO BEBROUGHT TO LOUISVULEHenry Watterson's body will hebrought to Louisville for burial onApril 4 from Jacksonville, Fla.,where it has lain in a valut sincethe noted editor's death December22nd.Many men prominent in publiclife probably will come from various places to be present at the ceremonies.Services will be conducted at theFirst Christian church Tuesday afternoon, April 4. The body will belaid to rest in Cave Hill Cemetery,where a headstone was placed at therequest of Mr. Watterson before hisdeath to mark the burial place ofhimself and wife.HOW THE SUIT DOLLAE IS DIVIDEDPresumably the American WoolenCompany will not send a vote ofLthanks to C. J. Fawcett, director ofthe wool marketing department ofthe American Farm Bureau Federa-tion for ,his disclosures regardingthe travels of the suit buyer's dollar.It appears that on a suit of clotheswhich retails at S40 the wool grow-ers' share is $1.96. Hence the woolgrowers part of the suit buyer'sdollar is 4.9 cents. Also a few otherfallacies are exploded as for example the statement tht domestic woolis not suited to the manufacture ofbetter grades of men's wear. Thereis no better wool, in the world thanAmerican wool. The injection ofcotton and shoddy into fabrics hasswelled the coffers of manufacturerswho in addition have effered as anexcuse for inferiority the poor quality of domestic wool. As the situation stands the wool growers get buta small ghare rbf the money and fortheir products condemnationinsteadof'praiw. -THE . BOURBON , JKEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKYPERSONALSMrs. Noah Clarke is confined toher home with an attack of the' flu.Miss Letitia Clay continues seriously ill at her home on Pleasantstreet.Mary, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Woodford Spears, is recovering froman illness due to pneumonia.Mrs. John Maher, patient inthe Massie Memorial Hospital, isvery ill with an attack of the flu.-Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price havereturned from a visit to their, daughter, Mrs. C. A. Teller, and Mr. Teller, in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. Powell Bosworthhave returned to their home in Lexington after a visit to friends andrelatives "in this city.Miss Pearl Morris," guest ofMiss Hattie Hughes, has gone toMiddletown, Ohio, to spend severalweek with her mother.Mrs. W. K. Griffin and daughtZV. Miss Blanche, will leave this' - a .week for a visit to lFlSBds and rela-tives in Houston, Texas.Mr and Mrs- Meridith Gearyhave returned to their hnmp in Trx-. -m&ton after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Tp m P "Wnnrl f CiVll anrl TVTto AIqvoti.der Duke-Mrs. J. W. Medlin, formerly ofParis, is recovering from the effects)f atimeof an operation nerformed someago in a hospital in Middle-town, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Parker andfamilv nave returned to Paris to re-Side nftpr a thirfoon TTQaro' -naaiAannaside, after a thirteen years' residencem Sioux City, Iowa. Mr Parker is abrother of Mrs. Horace G-. Nelson, ofParis.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Connell, ofParis, were recent guests of theirson, -Thornton Connell, who is representing the Courier-Journal atFrankfort during the sessions of theLegislature.Mrs. Anna Chappell has returned to her home in this city after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. James Chappell,and family, in Louisville. Mrs. Jas.Chappell is recovering from a recentserious illness.Mrs. Charleton Alexander, MrsvCassius M. Clay and Miss ElizabethGrimes represented Jemima JohnsonChapter, D. A. R., of Paris, at themeeting of the State Board of the D.A. R., held in Frankfort.Mrs. Frank L. Lapsley is a guestat the home of her mother, Mrs.Nannie D. McClintock, who has beenvery ill for several weeks. Mrs.Lapsley was in New York when summoned to her mother's bedside.Mrs. John M. Flanagan, whohas been a patient for some time atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, is recovering, and will soon be able toreturn to her home. Her sister, Mrs.John Mershon, who has been withher for some time, has returned toher home in Richmond.Mrs. Louis Rogers, Mrs. John M.Brennan, Mrs. Hiram Roseberry,Mrs. George Williams Clay, Mrs. J.T. Vansant, Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock,Mrs. Wade H. Whitley and Miss Lelia Clarke attended the meeting ofthe Garden Club in Lexington lastweek. ,Dr. and Mrs. D. B. Andersonentertained at their home on Highstreet, in honor of the tenth" birthday anniversary of their daughter,Miss Lucy Jean Anderson. The company of young guests enjoyed anumber of games during the afternoon, and dainty refreshments, souvenirs and bonbons in green andwhite were distributed among them.(Other Personals n Page 5)oMA'S ATTENDIN' COURT(By "Uncle Bill)The dishes have long goneun-washed,The floor has gone unswept,The bed not once has been made up,Though six long nights we've slept.The whole blamed house is upsidedown,The family's out of sorts,For Ma has gone to ParisWhere she's attendin' court.She hobnobs with Judge BaileyAnd the jury in the box.&ne nears objections overruled,But she doesn't darn my socks.She listens to the lawyers scrap,An' sees 'em pound and prance,An' I'll be goin' round all weekWith no buttons on my pants.SAVINGS CERTIFICATE SALESAMOUNT TO $22,723,787According to Lew Wallanp Jr..Savings Director. Treasnrv Dpnnrf-ment, the sales of Treasury SavingsCertificates during January andFebruary amounted to $22,723,787.- The sales are particularly gratifyingas no intensive campaign has beenmade to sell these securities. Whenthe people fully understand the at-tractive features of the new certificates there will be a great 'demandfor them, stated .Director Wallace.ine certificates are issued in denominations of $1,000, $100 and $50at cost prices of $800, $80 and $20,respectively. They mature in fiveyears and if held for the full periodthey increase 25 over the costprice. However, they can be redeemed any time prior to maturity.They are exempt, both as to principal and interest, from all State andlocal taxes and any individual orcorporation can own'upto $5,000 ofthe current .issue. The certificatescan be 'purchased through any postoffice. . " iSOUSA'S BAND AT LEXINGTONMAECH 23John Philip Sousa and his bandwill come to Lexington for two concerts; matinee and night, Thursday,March 23, to fill the engagementcancelled earlier in the year.The name of Lieutenant CommanderJohn Philip Sousa is a householdword in -every part of the civilizedworld, and he has certainly donemore to educate the great masses inmusic than any other living man.Sousa's band is different from otherband music, because Sousa's instrumentation is more elaborate thanis usual with either bands or orchestras. This, together with the unequally excellence of the individualplayers, is a reason there is so much-enjoyment at a Sousa concert. Another, and the main reason, is thatthe personality of Sousa himself sodominates the performances of theband that the results are beyondcomparison and makes the Sousastyle .inimitable. Sousa and ' hisband, numbering nearly 100 playerswill be in Lexington matinee andnight and tickets may be orderednow from the Lexington College ofMusic, telephone 639-X. Mail ordersshould be sent to Miss Anna Chandler Goff, Lexington College of Music,and should be sent early, as the non-ularity of the band promises generous patronage.Special price of 55c to studentsfor matinee, when tickets are purchased in blocks of 20 or more.pnTJTTPATU -AAWl-LlHONOR CONFERREDON FREDERICK A. WALXISAnother political honor has beenconferred on Frederick A. Wallis,former Commissioner of Immigration, at New York, at one time deputy police commissioner of NewYork, and one of the most prominentformer Kentuckians in the metropolis, who is at present visiting inParis.Herbert C. Pell, Jr., DemocraticState Chairman, announced severaldays- ago the appointment jof Mr.Wallis as chairman of the financecommittee of the Democratic StateCommittee as the first step in organizing for the State campaignthis fall.Mr. Pell stated in announcing theappointment that the establishmentof a campaign budget system andthe selection of the members of thefinance committee would be the dutyof Mr. Wallis.OWINGSVILLE MOVIE HOUSE ISBURNEDThe Lyric Theatre, at Owingsville, was destroyed by fire Tuesdaymorning at 6 o'clock. The buildingand 'all the fixtures belonged to E.W. Morgan, who has" operated a picture show there for several years.Less than two years- ago the. theatrebelonging to Mr. Morgan was burnedand he built the theatre which wasdestroyed Tuesday. The movingpicture machines were the onlythings in the building saved. Theloss is partly covered by insurance.STRANGE HAPPENINGS IN THEDATS NEWSDr. I. T. Law, a physician of Arcadia, Fla., was electrocuted in hisoffice while making an X-ray examination of the fractured, arm of a patient. As the physician was adjusting the machine his arm came incontact with a high voltage wire.Dealh was instantaneous.Dr. M. P. Brown fell dead in theCounty Treasurer's office, at Davenport, Iowa, shortly after being toldthe amount of his taxes. He was 75years old.oUSERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best ,addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,1-JfJHHMfJIUUiyim.iiCTWjmvWDrr.HT!QHAM PICKLE'la a RciPTrHfifi nrenarationXfor curing meatContains 'all the necessary ingredients exceptBaltT Cures meat better,with less work and givesdeliciousflavor. Wright'sHam Fickle is sola bygajitzyour aruggioi.madeibv con-'P a:r ninrtO r.UCIIUIIIft uwirtiiMi ii ii-.iviii. vU m nlr n . " Simtllv'find cub ail v ftnnliedwith cloth or brushyGives wonderfully delicious flavordoes away with old smoke house-MYe201bB.trfmeatOTtofeyeiyMaibe.Abrg$L25 bottle will gsttkasMixilotKtgmnmteerLVMmhi FmmM PrmOmctmArm jBmarmKt'Varden & SonDruggistsmmmp. guturubccu mm71 1 1 "i LM H hVl jSSaiFPVTH 3T TZ1IUU UlUtwui y -h w.rB flMIWHv-e -- j- r - -wFor Constipated Bowels, Sick Headache,Sour Stomach, Bilious Liver "The nicest cathartic-laxaHvA inthe world to physic your liver andbowels when you have Dizzy Headache, Colds, Biliousness, Indigestion.or Upset.Acid Stomach is candylike "Cascarets." One or two tonight will empty your bowels comELECTRICAL WORKBell WorkHouse WiringMotor and vGenerator WorkContractingOur Prices are Right Our Work GuaranteedLet Us Give You an Estimate on Your Work.Blue Grass Electric Co.EVERYTHING ELECTRICAL A. J. STERN, ManagerCumb. Phone 500, or Call at 425 Main Street?Which Daily Paper?A Question That is Quickly and Readily Answered -The Courier-JournalLargest Morning Circulationof Any Kentucky NewspaperEnjoys a nation-wide prestige and reputation. " Jt isessentially a newspaper, intent upon giving news matterfirst consideration.Maintains its own news bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of theAssociated Press.With important legislation coming before Congress andthe Kentucky General Assembly in 1922, the CourierJournal is the daily newspaper you will need.By special arrangements we are now able to offerThe Daily Courier-JournalANDThe Bourbon NewsBOTH ONE YEAR P CABY MAIL FOR ONLY B D D UThis offer applies to renewals as well as new subscriptions, but only to people living in Kentucky, Tennessee or Indiana. New subscribers may, if desired,start at a later date, and renewals will date from expiration of present ones.If you prefer an evening newspaper, you may substitute The Louisville Times for The Courier-Journal.-Send or bring! your orders to the office of THEBOURBON NEWS."Say It With Candy"You're Safe if It'sMISS HOLLADAYtil II HI! HI MtMtWe HandleElectricalElectric Washingl Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing j Dishes, Electroliers, All"Kinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates :'That are Very Practical and OrnamentaL' -aT. W.MAIN STREETfitMiiiMntiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiMMri(mvk H-pletely by morning, and you willfeel splendidly. "They "work wkil .you sleep." Cascarets never gtir you.up or gripe like Salts, Pills, Calomel,.,or Oil and they cost only ten centa box. Children love Cascarets, too,Ctf-T) . "FixturesAppliancesMotorsMazda Lamps5Vithe Right KindI MiMIMMIIIAll Kinds ofNovelties fV'-1:-'V"-wj K.SPICER0OPP. COUHT HOUM 1ri Stt.'VIM'Mvvr- Sya, 5i - - - . .-U--e-" oV4,is?r:-VJ 42-'V -5&5vel liTSirS'- -i- r-r 'jswarT-THE BOURBONJDjBW& PARK,KENTUCKYTUIWDAT, MAKCH14, lfllP AGS FOURS4DEATHSXife 'Is But A Brief Span, A Debtx . That All Mnst PayAmerican LegionPATONOur people were shocked beyondmeasure yesterday morning- when thenews spread of the death of Mrs.Mary A. Paton, which occurred at anearly hour at the Massie Memorial"Hospital, where she had been takenafter a short illness. Mrs. Paton hecame suddenly ill at about oneo'clock yesterday morning. Her son.County Clerk Pearce Paton, and herdaughter, Mrs. Percy Reed, and aphysician were hastily summoned toher bedside. She was hurried to theMassie Hospital, where she died ashort time after arrival.Mrs. Paton was in her sixty-eighthyear at the time of her death. She-was a native of Scott county, Virginia, the daughter of the- late Oliverand Judith Powers, pioneer residentsjot that county. Mrs. Paton was the"widow of Ed. D. Paton, for yearsCounty Clerk of Bourbon county,and one of the best-known men inpublic life in the State. When quitea young woman she came to Paris,and located, opening a hair-dressingestablishment, which she conductedsuccessfully for many years. Movingto a new location she opened abeauty parlor, which .business prospered under her care, among herpatrons being many well-known women from other counties. She was aivoman of fine character and generous impulses, whose friends werenumerous and who esteemed herliighly.Mrs. Paton is survived by one son,County Clerk Pearce Paton, onedaughter, Mrs. Percy C. Reed, andone grandson, Ed. Drane Paton, allof Paris.The funeral will be held at theresidence of her son, County ClerkPearce Paton, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church.The burial will follew on the familylot in the Paris Cemetery; beside thebody of her husband, who precededher-to the grave several years ago.The pall-bearers will be Will G. McClintock, Dr. Wm. Kenney, Dr. W. C.TJssery, M. Peale Collier, Jo Varden,Denis Dundon.BOONE 'Walter Boone, aged fifty-nine, aformer resident ofhe Old Union vicinity, in this county, died at hishome in. Lexington, Sunday morningat one oclock, after a long illnessdue to a complication of diseases.Mr. Boone was a son of the lateMr. and Mrs. Noah A. Boone, who resided in Old Union vicinity formany years, and had been engagedin farming with his father, untilabout .five years ago, when he movedto Lexington.He is survived by his widow, Mrs.Florence Boone, and three children,Miss Dollie Boone and H. P. Boone,both of Lexington, and Mrs. Mary.Davis, of Louisville j three brothers,G D. Boone, of Sidney, 111., NoahA". Boone, of Niantic, 111., and Wm.A. Boone, of Lexington; three sisters, Mrs. Lou Wilmott, of Shelbycounty, Miss Elizabeth Boone andLaura Jacobson, of Urbana, 111.The funeral was held at the family home in Lexington, yesterday af. ternoon at three o'clock, with ser--vicesconducted by Rev. Earl V.Eastwood. The burial followed onthe family lot in the Lexington Cemetery. JTHE NEWS is in receipt of a letter from Mr. George T. Anderson, ofLouisville, State Educational Supervisor, in regard to an educationalfund which has been set aside for thebenfit of former service men. In theletter Mr. Anderson says, in part:'-'All of the Y. M. C. A. fundswhich were set aside for ex-servicemen to use in getting a generalscholarship or collegiate scholarshiphave been expended, but the National Council has set aside an additionalamount and portioned it out to thevarious States to be used for exservice men who desire to take acorrespondence course."Therefore I feel -that you wouldbe interested in publishingthis in your paper so thatnity of accepting this assistance intaking a correspondence course inthe United. Y. M. C. A. ExtensionSchool."The educational service fund willfurnish one-half of. the cost of anycourse which a man may desire totake in the school. Up to an amountnot exceeding $67.50, which is 50of the highest price course. Or ifhe desired to take more than onecourse the total of which would notexceed $67.50 for half the entirecourse."Anyone who is interested is requested to write to my office andmore information and details willimmediately be sent to him."These are very fine and popularcourses and applications are alreadybeginning to come in .and we shallproceed on the basis, of first comefirst served, as long as this fundlasts."I am sure that you can render areal service to ex-service men byputting an announcement regardingthis matter in your paper so as tobring it to their attention."To put 700,000 ex-soldiers intojobs is the American Legion's immediate objective according to an announcement from Legion Nationalheadquarters. To accomplish this, anationwide drive will be launchedfrom local posts in every city andtown in the country on March 20,and employers and business men willbe called into conference to deviseways and means of creating jobs andputting an end to a situation whichHan ford MacNeider, Legion Commander, has called "the greatest crisis in the Legion's history."Civic organizations from Maineto California have been asked toswing into line to back up the Legion and make a concerted effortwhich will be felt in all sections ofthe country. By stimulating industry, Jjy pushing engineering projectsand municipal development, byspeeding up public utility enterprise,roadbuilding, paving, dredging,truck prading, reforestation and reclamation, and by encouraging" the"back-to-the-farm" movement, theLegion hopes to break the laborslump which has kept worthy menout of work and caused widespreaddistress. Each city will be dividedinto regions, each under its ownpost and employment committee,with a general committee co-ordinatingthe efforts of all.A Becord of Dan Cupids Doings AsThe Days Go ByThe following announcementcards have been received in Paris byrelatives and friends of the bride:"Mr. and Mrs. Louis Wollstein announce the marriage of their daughter, Hazel, to Mr. Oscar Seidling, on-February seventeenth, nineteen hundred and twenty-two. At Homo2208 Wet Sixteenth street, Oklahoma City."NEWS OF THE COURTSRANKIN DONALDSONCounty Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Saturday afternoon to Fred Donaldson, son ofMr. and Mrs. J. F. Donaldson, andMiss Birdie Rankin, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. W. P. Rankin, all of Millersburg. They were married shortly after at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E, Ellis, pastorof the Paris. Christian church.an-herFERGUSON ROGERSMrs. John Stuart Robertsnounces the engagement ofdaughter, Miss Margaret Ferguson,to Mr. Harvey Allen Rogers. Themarriage will be solemnized at .thehome of the bride-elect, near Paris,in April.Miss Ferguson and Mr. Rogersare members of two of the oldest andmost prominent families of Bourboncounty, possessing all the traits thathave made the county famous for thebeauty of its women and the chivalry of its men.LIGHTNING KILLS -HORSE, ANDINJURES ANOTHERCONNILLYMrs. Hannah - Connolly, agedseventy-six, died' at her home onEighth street, Friday af ternoonp following a protracted illness due tothe infirmities of age.. She was thewidow of John Connolly, of Paris.She had been a resident of Parismost of-her long life, and had a largecircle of friends here. She is sur-1vived by two children, Mrs. R. C.-Keller and Henry Joyce Connolly.The funeral was held at TheChurch of The Annunciation, in thiscity Sunday afternoon at two o'clock,"with services conducted by Rev. Father Reginal, in the absence of Rev.father O'Hare. The interment followed in the Catholic Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were: James D. McClintock, Thos. Craven, Martin Conner, Jos. Kiely, Jos Stivers, MurrayHiggins.During the brilliant display ofelectricity which prevailed in thestorm of Friday night, lightningstruck a barn on the farm of Ed. F.Prichard, near Paris, V killing- onehorse instantly and badly injuringanother. The barn was uninjured,&ave for a large timber, which wassplintered. A piece of wood aboutfifteen inches tjn length, was hurledacross the bar and driven into apiece of timber, to a depth of twoinches.The horse Vhich was killed wasstruck while eating from a trough,and remained in .a standing positionwith his mouth deep in the feed.-oFire, Wiad and Lightning Insurance.THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN-.GEORGETOWN HOME DESTROYEDBY FIREAbout 8:30 o'clock Sundav niehtJ the cottage belonging to H. -C. Val-' iandingham, located on Walnutv - GRD7FIN . street, in Georgetown, was entirely- The funeral of Mrs. Elizabeth destroyed by fire. The house was ocWells Griffin, who died Friday night cupied' by Mr. Lawrence who 'withat her nome near Austemz, aiter nis family was absent from home atFELD COHANOne of the mst impressive weddings of the season was that MissRuth Fold, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.David Feld, of Paris, and Mr. JackCohan, of Winchester, which wassolemnized Sunday afternoon at fiveo'clock, in the parlors of the NewLafayette Hotel, in Lexington.Rabbi Leventhal, of Cincinnati, officiated. The impressive ceremonywas witnessed by a large number offriends and relatives of the youngpeople.Miss Feld's charming brunettebeauty was enhanced by her wedding-"gown of henna crepe metere, trimmed with beads. She wore a blacklace hat and slippers to match and acorsage bouquet of lilies of the valley and Ophelia roses.After the ceremony a wedding supper was served, at which the members, of the bridal party and members of the families were present.The tables were lovely in their decorations. In the center of the bride'stable was a large wedding cake, withfifteen ribbons leading to the fifteengirl friends of the bride. Dr. W. C.Ussedy presided .and read the showercongartulatiory telegrams and messages sent to the bride and bridegroom. At the conclusion of thesupper and after receiving congratulations and best wishes from the assembled guests Mr. and Mrs. Cohanleft for a bridal tour to New Yorkand other Eestern cities. On theirreturn they will be at home to theirfriends, in this city, where Mr. Cohan will engage in business.During the supper and ceremonymusic was furnished by the La'fayette Hotel orchestra.When the big wedding cake wascut by Miss Pearl Davidorf, of Cincinnati, cousin of the bride, theslice containing the ring was secureed by Miss Esther Goldberg, of Cincinnati. The thimble' wentto MissEssie Cohan, of Winchester, sister ofthe bridegroom, and the dime wassecured by Miss Ruth Daviddrf, ofCincinnati. Following the supper atheatre party was given at the BenAli, and the young couple left fortheir wedding tour.The following were guests for theceremony and at the wedding supper: Mr. and Mrs. David Feld, Mrs.B. Friedman, Mr. and Mrs. Gus Margolen, Dr. W. C. Ussery, Miss RubyElder, of Paris; Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Effron, Miss Ida Effron, MosesEffron, Carlisle; Misses RebeccaKravetz, Esther Roseburg, TynaLevy, Mrs. Max Levy, Lexington;Misses Pearl and Ruth Davidorf,Birdie Silvergrade, ' Esther Goldberg,Mrs. Abe Davidorf, Mrs. Abe Effron,Cincinnati; Mrs. M. Effron, MissSophia Effron, Middlesboro; Mr. andMrs. Julius Effron, Frankfort; Mr.and Mrs. Harry Cohan, Ben Cohan,Miss Gussie Cohan, Mrs. FannieFriedman, Winchester; Miss EvelynFiredman, Eli Friedman, Paris;In the County Court George L.Doyle was appointed as administrator of the estate of Thos. P. Woods,late Superintendent of PublicWork of Paris. Mr. Doyle acceptedthe trust and qualified by furnishingbond in the sum of $500, with S. E.Bedford as surety.Perry Anderson, Lafe Barbour,George Watkins, W. A. Fitzpatrick,Sherman Mitchell, O. R. Bashop andGeorge Robinson, all residents ofthe Millershurg precinct, were triedbefore County Judge George Batterton. Friday, on warrants servedthrough Sheriff M. Peale Collier'soffice, charging them with failure tosecure dog-licenses. Each entered aplea of guilty, and was fined $10.Sheriff Collier and deputies servedfifteen warrants Friday on parties inthe Millersburg precinct on the samecharges. -John Mclntyre and Ernest Earlywine, charged with hunting withoutlicense, entered pleas of guilty, andwere fined $23.50 each.Sheriff Collier and Deputy SheriffJames Gibson arrested J. M. McFarland, of Centerville, on two warrantsfrom Fayette county, charging himwith exceeding the speed limit andinjuring private property. He wasturned over to County DetectiveFrank Hall, of Fayette county, andtaken to Lexington.Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilkey arrested J. A. Eldridge on a warrant issu-fed from the Clark County Court,charging him with passing a coldcheck. He was taken to Winchesterfor trial.In Police Court Claude Walden,arrested by Chief of Police Link andPatrolman Roy Turner on a chargeof selling liquor to Newton Zimmerman, was given a hearing on thecharge. Walden entered a plea ofnot guilty. He was placed underbond, to appear before the grandjury at the March term of BourbonCircuit Court, which convened yesterday. In default of bond Waldenwas sent to jail.L. & N. BUILDING JIE STORAGE- . TRACKSThe "Louisville and Nashville Rail-wroad is rushing the construction, ofthree new storage tracks from Ravenna to Irvine, thus giving about20 tracks at that divisional pointand enabling the road to handlebetter the increasing traffic on theWinchester jui& Irvine division.Plans, if is saiSl are being rushedfor increasing the trackage andyardfik at Winchester, which is thesouthern terminal of the doubletrack line from Corbin to Winchester. 'bonIdby cape iou)By a deal consummated yesterdaymorning between Ed. Doyle, proprietor of the Bone Dry Cafe, EmmetHoward, formerly of Lexington, andH. C. (Bud) Hutchison, of Paris, thelatter two become owners of thebusiness, taking possession immediately. The price paid for the business was not giV6H out for publication. Mr. Doyle says he will take avacation from business cares for awhile, and will probably locate inLexington.oAnother innovation in modernwarfare is trying to make the victorsfoot the bills.HELP WANTEDWhite girl or woman to do housework and cooking for family of two.Call Home Phone 43. (14-lt)BASE BALLHEADQUARTERSWe will receive about March 25th,a new stock of base ball goods. Wewill handle both A. J. Reach andGoldsmith goods. Balls, bats, gloves,mitts, uniforms and everything forther diamond.A big assortment at all prices.Special""prices to teams. Come inearly and get you pick.BLUE GRASS CAFE.(14-tf)NEW TAXINew Machine"; Real Servicer Anywhere; Any Time.Call Office of Big 4 Motor CompanyCumb. Phone 891.Home Phone 249t. . F. L. McCLANAHAN, Manager.CINCINNATI RETAIL MERCHANTSOPENING THIS WEEKCreations from Paris, dresses madein America, that more than favorably compared with the trousseau wehave been reading about for PrincessMary, will be shown in Cincinnatirthis week.In fact, the merchants have outdone themselves to bid for the fa-.vours of our women folks for theirSpring bonnets, coats, dresses, etc.,&nd the fashions are so alluring andthe prices so attractive that theJMayor himself has issued a proclamation setting aside the two days ofMarch 14 th and 15 th as officialSpring Opening, days; days on whichSthe well-known hospitality of theQueen City will be expressed bythoughts, words, deeds. They havegone so far as to provide free parking space for those who come in automobiles. The Mayor's proclamation is asfollows:"Most heartily do I approve of theCincinnati Retail Merchants' Association to call the attention of ourown people and of our friends andneighbors in adjoining States to certain dates of the coming week for ageneral Spring Opening of Cincinnati's retail business."I, therefore, proclaim that Tuesday and Wednesday, March 14 and15, -1922, be observed by all of ourcitizens as 'Cincinnati's Spring Opening Days.'"That our business concerns makepreparation for entertaining theirfriends and customers with displaysof goods in their most attractiveforms, and that our citizens generally let the people of the MiddleWest understand that the Queen Cityis ready to put her retail stores onrecord on the dates above mentioned.The gates cf the city will be wideopen, both to those who would dobusiness with us and to those whowould have us do business withthem.GEO. P. CARREL, Mayor.""THE PRIDE OF PARIS"ANNOUNCES AN ARRIVALTUESDAY MARCH 14thOF 'SPECIAL VALUESINCHILDREN'SCOATS AND WRAPS'panEiDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYI M-4"!"l''H'4'4"I"i"I"i'I"M"I"I"I"t HUM I tf tfGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 299y.i..ftin.Ki.lE , ! i iimMiiiitiHima short illness, was held Sundayitfbrning, with services conducted atthe grave in the North MiddletownCemetery, by Rev. Prank M. Tinder,D&stor of the North Middletown JChristian church.Mrs. Griffin is survived by herhusband, one son, FrankPrennell, of'Paris, one sister, Mrs. Matt Golden,of Indiana, and one brother, JerryTVells, of North Middletown.SPEAKERS AT P.H. S. CLASS INCOHXERCIAL LAWCounty Attorney D. D. Cline willpeak to the students of -the Commercial Law class at the Paris HighScaool to-night, (Tuesday) on -thesubject of "Titles and Income Taxpttws." On Thursday night, RoyF. Olt4smIn otIU idrse the memMrs of tke claw om the subject ofhMnramoe 'Contracts."tne time. It is supposed it wascaused by a defective flue. Mr. Valandingham's loss was entirely covered by insurance. Mr. Lawrence whowas preparing to move to the country within a few days carried $1,000insurance on his furniture.SCEEEN WIRENow is the time to repair yourscreens and doors. We have all sizeof fly wire, both black and galvanized and is very cheap.(It) FORD & CO.-oKELLY'S TOBACO SEEDOBERDORFER'SATKelly's Tobacco Seed, ImprovedStanding-Up hurley.OBBRDORFBR, THEf DRUGGIST,Agent for B. J. Kejly Son,v(10-2t) 7 Lacaster, Ky.MUST SIGN YOUR NAMETHE NEWS desires to impress upon some well-meaning friends thefact, often stat dein these columns,that anonymous contributions willnot be published. We have printedthis warning hundreds of times, yettne ract remains that some have notseen it, or seeing ignored it.We have consigned to the wastebasket several unsigned communications, one of an interesting naturepertaining to a public matter. ManyThe will of Mrs. Sara Hansnn dUlues come " witn a request forTaylor was filed for probate in the Publicationwhich would be pub-lRnpn it rrta an ,....v .i. wuv aubuui JSWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery Service :Repairs Storage Supplies(tf) Cars WashedMRS. GIBSON TABOR'S WILL ISPROBATEDFayette County Court by the Security Trust Company, the executornamed therein, and was fully provenby Charles R. Hansen and Charles.N. Manning to be wholly in thehandwriting of the testatrix, andwas admitted to probate.Legacies of $1,000 each were bequeathed" Charles R. Hanson andMrs. W. R. Thomas, brother and sis-:ter of the deceased, and the remainder of the estate was left in trustfor he benefit of the testatrix'smother, Mrs. Carrie Wheeler Hanson, during her life, and after herdeath to go to Mrs. Thomas. TheSecurity Trust Company qualirfied as executor and trustee.milOLD COUKTRTHAMS: U- .GoodQld "country Jham sandwichesthis week. Come in and get yours.(14-it BLUB GRASS CAFE.name weresigned, but none will be reprinted inTHE NEWS' columns unless weknow who the writer is.This rule is not made for publication of the writer's name but forour own protection. The warninghas been published so often we wonder why people do not heed it.Again we repeat, no anonymouscommunication no matter how wellintended will see the light of day(in type, in" THE NEWS. All suchwill go to waste basket.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC. LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON ATOXU1LBOURBON LUMJII CO. ;Capital ) S15MW.MSurplus and Profits 122,5W.MStockholders' Liabilities 15f.fff.t0Protection to Depositors .$422,5ft.eEstablished 1851Peoples Deposit BankC& Trust Co.Paris, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSsrE. BEDFORD. Prssifent C. K. THOMAS, Vics-Prs.-CkltrGEO. W. WILDER, Yict-Frss.ROBT. METIER. Vks.Prss.GEO. L. DOYLEtAsili mt OaslHsr.7TTUBSDAT, MARCH 14, 1122Utfpwwfori' "-r . J 14THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGEFIYE"GIFTS THAT LAST"-CHICK EEEDWe have the very best of littlechick feed. Start them right.(It) C P. COOK & CO.PRSQNALSComings and Goingi of Some TonKnow and Others YonDon'tNEW AUTO OWNERThe High Street Motor Co., localagents for Dodge Bros.' cars, soldand delivered last week a new touring car of the Dodge Bros' make, toF. F. Burris, of near Little Rock.POULTRY NETTING AND EENCE.We have all sizes from 12 to 72inches wide. Patch up and he readyfor the young chicks.(It) FORD & CO.. Miss Belle Hortbn has returnedfrom a visit to relatives and friendsin Maysville.Mrs. James H. Stivers is im-I proving slowly after a severe illness at her home on High Street.Mrs. B. M. Kennedy, of Nicholascounty, is visiting her daughter, Mrs.Z. T. Snapp, near Escondida.Mrs. John M. Woods, formerlyMiss Ella Stivers, has been quite illat ner Home on East. Fairfax street,in Winchester, but is recovering.Mrs. Frank Woodall, of Covington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Belle Brent Alexander, at her homeon Pleasant street.Charles Bower, of Knoxville,Tenn., was a guest the past week ofMiss Anna Cummins, at her home onthe Bethlehem road.Everette Sorrell, popular L. &N. conductor, formerly of Paris, wasa recent business visitor here. Mr.Sorrelr was warmly greeted by hisold friends.Mrs". James E. Craven, who hasJake Elvove. Main street furni- Mr " ' Aliy i wiui -pneumonia- . lJlr nor nama rn TX- .l.n a jure dealer, through m attorney rpnnrfp,T "Jr,.-. - -Oeors-e Batterton filed' ,wi,vv o "cui6 tuu-ueorge batterton, niea , siderablv hettei.GARDEN SEEDGet busy we have all kinds.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.PETITION IN BANKRUPTCYCounty Judgea voluntary petition in bankruptcyin the office of Deputy Clerk SpencerFinnell, of the United States DistrictCourt, in Lexington. His liabilities-vvere placed at approximately $6,300and assets 1,000.Y. M. C. A. NOTESOn Friday, March 31, the third annual Hexathlon meet will be held inthe Y. M. C. A. gymnasium. Therewill be six events in each of the fiveweight divisions. Awards will bemade to winners in each event, and achampionship medal will be awardedto the winner of the highest numberof points. On April 21 the Y. M. C.A. boys will make their first appearance in "Ringling-Paughs GreaterCombined Circus and Minstrels."TEACHERS PLAN SUMMERSTUDIESPlans for summer studies are being made by teachers of the ParisCity Schools. Prof. F. A. Scott,principal of the High School, will return to Columbia University, in New p"eza tneir borne oYnrv to rnntinne rn hi m a. Ap- Chester pike, near Paris.gree. Miss Lucile Harbold, of theDepartment of Latin, Miss MaudeAsbury, of the Home Economics Department, Miss Nell Robbins, of thePhysical Education Department, andMiss Louise Lillard, of the Mathematics Department, are also planning to return to Columbia University for graduation work.giderably better.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot, of Russellville, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. William Remington, on Eighthstreet. Mrs. Remington, . who hasbeen ill for some time, is convalescing. Miss Catherine Bourne has returned to her home in Danville aftera visit to Miss Irene "BramhlPttP nnFithian avenue. Miss Bourne wasMiss Bramblette's guest for the Eastern Star dance at Masonic Hall.Speaker James H. Thompson, ofBourbon county, entertained at theFrankfort Hotel, in Frankfort, witha dinner at eight o'clock last nightin compliment to the Democraticmembers of Ue General Assembly.Miss Hallie Frank spent theweek-end as guest of Miss MaryEllis, at Hamilton College, in Lexington. Rev. W.,E. Ellis, of Paris,father of Miss Ellis, conductedchapel exercises at Hamilton Collegeyesterday morning.Mrs T. T. Marshall and fourchildren and Mrs. Marshall's mother,Mrs. Bettie Renick, are ill with influenza at their home on the Win-Mr. Marshall and family moved to Parisfrom Lexington about three monthsago.Stanford Interior - Journal:"Hon. J. M. Alverson, of Paris, passed through Stanford this morningto Jellico, Tenn., to look after somebusiness interests. He told thispaper that Mrs. Alverson and thechildren are spending the winter inSan Diego, California."The dance given at the MasonicTemple, Friday night, under the auspices of Harold Shively and Herman Tully, committee, was well attended, a large number coming fromsurrounding towns. Music was furnished by the Original KentuckySix.Robert Friend, formerly ofParis, brother of Mrs. E. G. B. Mann,of Lexington, will sail to-morrowfrom New York, on the steamer,"Arabic," for a four-months' tour ofEurope and the Holy Land. Mr.Friend goes in a party headed byRew McKellum, who conducted a revival meeting at the Paris Christianchurch some time ago.The program to be rendered bythe North Middletown Woman'sClub at their meeting to-day, will bein charge of the Department of Literature. The program will be asfollows: Problems of Democracy."The Public School As An Institution of Democracy," Mrs. HoraceBacon; "Problems 'of Immigration,'(to be supplied) ;in World Civilization," F. M. Tinder. A reecnt issue of the IllinoisState School Journal has the following interesting item regarding' a former Paris girl: "Miss JosephineHayden is now a teacher in the Indiana School for the Deaf at Indianapolis. For several years Miss Haydentaught in the Illinois school leaving,the work to engage in social serviceendeavors connected with the Jacksonville State Hospital." Miss Hayden has taught in the Montana andGeorgia schools as well as in ours.She is a well qualified teacher and apleasing, optimistic woman."The Department of Art of theBourbon County Woman's Club willhave charge of the meeting to beheld to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon, in the Club rooms. The occasion will be devoted to a display ofarts and handcraft, made or ownedin Bourbon county. Miss Olivia Orr,of Paris, will be leader. Prizes offered to Domestic Science pupils of thecounty schools, judged in the forenoon, will be awarded -at the afternoon meeting. The judges will be:Best Needle -Work, Miss RannahOwens; Best Millinery, Miss WillieOrr; Best Draftsmanship,. Mr. Flournoy Hagan.The Lumbda Lumbda ChapterSigma Chi Fraternity, University ofKentucky, entertained Saturdayevening in the ball room of the Lafayeflte Hotel, in Lexington, withtheir annual dance. Among those inattendance were the following fromBourbon county: Horace MillerClay, Douglas Clay, Winn Hutchcraft, Mr. andMrs. Lucien Arnspar-tj- --."- wujB. ucuiuriMijzius isei, aivxu. luumuwu, iviarma, aati-ventucky in song and yere. -1 bott, Josephine Fithian, JSlemla HinTAKE, STOCK WITH US NOWIF YOU HAVE PROMISED YOURSELF TO TAKE STOCK WITH USSOMETIME, DO IT NOW ! ! !PEOPLES' BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION, Inc.(14-2t)oSOME BAD WEATHR IN MARCHBlustery, windy, March is livingup to the fullest expectations. Inthe thirteen days to date, the monthhas presented a variety of ..weatherguaranteed to put the' peace advocates in the scrap heap, and to sendgood temper to a back seat. Therehas been more mean weather inMarch so far than all the past winter. We have had rain, snow, sleet,thunder, lightning, a little sunshine, and all the other sorts theweather man had in " his bag oftricks. Still we are hoping for thebest. J there is anything in .-the oldsaying regarding the entry and departure of the month we should havesome nice weather at the tail end ofMarch.WHAT "SCRAPS" WILL DOOur assets of nearly $150,000.00are money "scraps" of the income ofour stockholders. In eight years wehave made "scraps" help about 200Paris people buy homes. This Association has always paid an annualdividend of 7 on "scraps."Take a few shares of our stockand invest the "scraps" of your income where they will earn a highrate of interest for you and helpsome one else buy a home.PEOPLES BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION, Inc.G. W. WELDER, President.F. W. GALLOWAY, Secretary.(14-2t)oD. A. R.. MEETINGThe next meeting of Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. R., will be heldon Saturday afternoon, March 18, attwo o'clock, at the home of Mrs.ilrsj Louise Rogers on the Lexingtonroad, near Paris. The hostesses willhe Mrs. Rogers, Mrs. Sanford M.Allen, Mrs. H. Clay Howard, Mrs.James L. Dodge, Mrs. William Wornall and Miss Elizabeth Embry.The guests for the afternoon will&e the incoming. State Regent, Mrs.William R. Rhodes, o'f Lexington,and the outgoing official, Mrs. JamesK Arnold, of Newport. Federal Hilland Bardstown will be discussed byMrs. H. Clay Howard. Miss EmbryJfiH render a group of Stephen Colli!!8 Z'ost:er's songs, memoralizing.rostersRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles For Bresent andFutureRev. Father William O'Hare,pastor of the Church of the Annunciation, was in Wheeling, West Va.,Sunday, where he assisted in the ordination services of his nephew, Rev.Father Herman. During his absenceRev. Father Thomas E. Coleman, pi,,Ludlow, former pastor of the Parischurch, officiated here.Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church, returned Saturday from Hamilton, Ohio, wherehe conducted a very successful revival meeting, with large crowds inattendance and great ,mterest manifested. Rev. Fox filled his pulpit atthe Paris church Sunday.Four circles of the Women'sMissionary Society of the Baptistchurch, took part in a special prayermeeting service held at the churchFriday afternoon at two o'clock. Thesubject for discussion was "HomeMissions."Rev. Oakley R. Miller, formerlyan elder in th 'Mormon Church, delivered two interesting addressesSunday, at the Baptist church in theafternoon, and at the Presbyterianchurch, in the evening. In the afternoon Rev. Miller spoke to menonly, taking for his subject, "Secrets of The Mormon Temple." Atnight his subject was "The TruthAbout Mormonism." Both addresseswere heard by large audiences, who"America's Place paid the closest attention to thespeaker. Rev. Miller after leavingthe Mormon church, studied for theministry and for three years heldthe pastorate of the Immanuel Baptist church, in the Dorchester district, Boston, Mass. He is now working under auspices of the NationalReform Association.tnn-1i V'iL: W, ' . k,V52.wui aum. -Ltupise vx-mte, jUquiseuon.-nen, Margaret Lavih, John C. Clay,Charlton Clay, Wm. Wornall, GeorgeArdery, Basil Hayden, Robert Lavin,Milton Adair, Harry Hopkins, JohnDundon.Miss Mae Adams is- able to beout after a severe attack of tonsilitis. Mrs. Mattie Purnell, of Paris, isa guest of Mrs. Owen Ingels, In Lexington.Mrs. Marshall continues seriously ill ather home on Winchesterstreet.Mrs. W. Newton Briney, ofLouisville, spent the week-end as aguest of friends in Paris.Capt. Ben "Parker, who has beenon another diviion of- the Louisville& Nashville, is back on his old run,making Paris his headquarters.The Junior and Senior pupils ofthe Little "Sock High School, wentto Frankfort, Friday, to see themembers of the Legislature in action.The following from Paris attended the exercises commemoratingtrhe sixty-seventh anniversary of theSigma Alpha Epsilon Chapter of theUniversity of Kentucky, held inLexington, celebrated with a dinnerat the Phoenix Hotel: Raymond J.Connell, Robert Lavin and Alex T.Rice.iMrs. Watson Judv eave thethird of a series of entertainments ather home on Houston avenue, whensixteen guests were present for anafternoon of bridge. The colorscheme was green and white. Oneach plate wasa minature flag ofIreland. There were four tables ofplayers, the prize for the highestscore, a pot of hyacinths, beingawarded to Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker. Mrs.Judy was assisted by her sister, MissFrances Boone, and Mrs. John A.Bower. The guests were: Mrs. W.Ed. Tucker, Mrs. Brinch Meinertz,Miss Clara Bacon, Mrs. J. W. Bacon,Mrs. Owen Gibson. Mrs. PerrvHutchcraft, .Mrs. William Taylor,Mrs. Harry E. Mathers, Mrs. Wm.Bryan, Mrs. William Cooper, Mrs.Clyde Keller, Mrs. Mamie RemingtonParrish, Mrs. Jno. M. Sturgeon, Mrs.Sidney Ardey, Mrs. Grover Baldwin,Mrs. John A. Bower, Miss FrancesBoone.(Other Personals on Page 3)O. . ..' r!!!9'''9BiBRiHMIHiHHHHHHBHiHillHHHHBHHilHHHiHHHHHlHHiiiBHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiH0r"x " asREAL ESTATE DEALSMr. and Mrs. Richard Green, ofnear North Middletown, sold Satur-I day their small farm of fifteen acresluuaieu on me ievy puce, to waiterBeatty, for $3000. 'Mr. JBeatty willget immediate possession, an"d willoccupythe place as a home.C. M. McGhee, of Newport, hasrented the farm" of Mrs. RebeccaSims, on the Maysville pike, nearParis, formerly occupied by Chas. S.Ball, and will move there with hisfamily on March 15. Mr. McGhee isa brother-in-law of Dr. James A. Orr,of Paris. Mrs. Sims will make herhome in the future with Mr. McGhee and family. ' 'Warren Frazer, Lexington realtor,sold Saturday for Elmer Schnitzer, ofLexington, his forty-five acre farmlocated near Centerville", Bourboncounty, to O. T. Poe, of near Centerville, at a private price. All farming implements were included in thesale.W. Z. Wishman, who recently soldhis farm near Hutchison to GarrisonBros., of Campton, has purchased -abusiness house and the stock of general merchandise, located at the intersection of the Winchester and Mt.Sterling pikes, in Winchester, andwill give his entire time to tlj.e. business in the-future. -69 Overcoats That were Advertised for $10. Did You Get Yours?There are 28 Remaining.Maybe Your Size is Here. Try, Anyway.See Our Spring Suits12.50 to 25.00Almost any kind you want.vNl' WE HAVE RECEIVED A SHIPMENT OF "Genuine Army Hobnail ShoesThe Kind that are Guaranteed for 10,000 MilesGoing For$3.95LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin IW Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBetter Values in Men'sand Boys' WearGive the Childrencooledwaterwithoutice in itii i ii i i'"TZZ-tgg EH - t . j?SrvBi Hr " IlillCF REFRIGERATION M A tSv "" L 1 l rf . f. 1 x2uJX Aro wjuf v -i ."TAJ. -Vh- ii - -J' "' '!MT I ' II K5 rrYOU KNOW NOWIF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY A REFRIGERATOR THIS SPRING. IF YOUARE, OF COURSE YOU WILL WANT THE BESTAND WILL THEREFORE BUY THErAutomatic RefrigeratorWith Patent Water BottleBuy it NOW in our MARCH SALE and save the big difference in price. Wehave sold hundreds of Automatics and have neverhad one returned. We guarantee EVERY AUTOMATIC REFRIGERATOR we sell, because it is absolutelythe best refrigerator made. .Our March Sale PricesON FURNITURE, RUGS MATTINGS, LINOLEUMS, GO-CARTS, ANDEVERYTHING NEEDED FOR THE HOME ARE THE LOWEST YOU WILLFIND ANYWHERE. YOU KNOW OUR QUALITY.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertaMns;Ns"r-;.)34feiaflfII:.VV ' -' '-'--NtKHjrM&i -.A'ZJr5"ti --S.-S--ao-r--- -, "sjfrwe4xA9&& zw &.& -1 -PAGE SIX-A -2THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KEOTUCKY--KENTUCKY'S THOROUGHBRED. CONTRIBUTION TO THE NATIONXJnder the Pari-Mutual System the Kentucky Jockey ClubV Has Lifted Racing to tha Highest Plane An Example, . to the Whole Country-$3,479, 675.00 DistributedT. In Three Years(From the New York Rider and Driver)' Whenever the thoroughbred is mentfteoed, Kentucky, the home of ManWar, and for a hundred years thecrnxber of the breeding industry inthis country, always comes to mind.It is .ot possible to conceive of racing in America without the yearly.contribution of thoroughbreds fromthe Bluegrass State. There are greatbreeding farms is New York, Virginia,.California, and elsewhere, but th-very life blood of the thoroughbredcause pours from Kentucky's everflowing fountain. In this favoredState, with its fertile fields deep infcluegrass throughout the winter, theborse reaches perfection,The Rider and Driver does notknow of any greater calamity thatcould happen to the horse industrythan for Kentucky to turn against thethoroughbred, and destroy thtr greatbreeding industry, which has not onfymade the State world-famous, buthas aided: everg farmer in America"H&e War SeparffienTTiasrepeatedlyJEonejDifi FecOid'In favour of, toe thor"oughbred, without which the "Armywduld not have suitable remounts.irb.e .Remount Service, in charge ofUnited States Army officers, has established breeding farms with thoroughbred stallions at their head,horses that have had their speed,-courage and endurancce tried in contests on the turf. These great nurseries will provide the type of cavalry horse that the Army needs, andevery farmer In this country cannotonly aid the cause by sending hismares to thoroughbred studs, but canJbe assured of reaping a substantialprofit, as the War Department is constantly in the market for horses ofrthis character.Racing in Kentucky under tlfe di-Tection of the Kentucky Jockey ClubIs not only a credit to the State, butfrith the pari-mutuel system perfected, it has set an example to the worldin point of high class contests, cleanracing generous stakes and purses. Under the old order, the meetings weredragged put to an interminablelength, in one year one hundred andfifty-five days, and in another yearone hundred and seventy-four.Under the State Racing Commission, created by an Act of the Legislature, the number of days on whichracing is permitted has (been cut toone hundred and eight. There isstrict supervision of all turf matters,with the result that beginning" withthe? Kentucky Derby, with $50,000added, which has been run atChurchill Downs for forty-seven years,the quality of racing in- Kentucky setsthe standard for the whole country.Formerly turfmen raced for $400purses, and the amount distributedyearly ran from $300,000 Jpf6CK000.Since the organization" of the Ken-'tucky Jockey Club, three years ago,fhe amount iitrilit2 dailv instakes anj purses averaged over$lo00, and the yearly total was asfollows . "1919 '.. $ 997,190.001920 1,200,800.001921 ...t 1S1,6S5.00Total $3,479,675.00The Kentucky Tocket Club paysover $270,000 each year into theState Treasury in license fees andpays $40,000 additional in State, Cityand County taxes.With millions of dollars invested infarm lands devotev. exclusively to thebreeding of thoroughbreds, and othermillions invested in horses that haveno superior in the world, The Riderand Driver believes that the Kentucky Legislature, made up of levelheaded farmers and business men,will refuse to destroy this valuableindustry which it has heretofore sanctioned and encouraged.Not Familiar Situation.Tramp (to comrade) "Say, I hartdreamed twice lately that I have beeaat work. If It happens again I shallTbuy a dream book to see whether itmeans anything." Karikaturen, Christlanla.It was a mistake to locate allthose oil wells in Mexico, anyway.The Usuai Conclusion."Well, my dear," said the fond parKit to his wife, "I haven't learnedirhether our boy will achieve successtn the Marine corps, or not. But onething I am sure of. If he makes good,tt will be because he had such excellent home training, and if he goeswrong, it will be the fault of the service. The Leatherneck.VALVE-IN-HEAD J)m Jr' 1R Sue fir ft y& SB $TiL131More Facts You Should Know!1 For the calendar year, January 1, 1921,to January 1, 1922, Buick built andactually sold over 80,000 automobiles.o These sales for the calendar year 1921exceeded by over 12,000 cars the salesof any automobile manufacturer havinga six-cylinder automobile in its line.3 These sales for this period like-wise represent a volume of business greater byover $9,000,000 than the sales of anyother automobile manufacturer excludingFord.?I .z'These figures are taken from official re-ports and are absolutely reliableWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILTBUICK WILL BUILD THEM-IC. S. BALL OARAGEAsm. Fourth and Pleasant 8tc.3it rssr jy " r'- & , "-5OUT OF WORKGIVES TO RELIEFKentucky Man Sends In Subscriptionto American Jewish Relief. FundAlthough He Is Not HimselfA JewHead of A Family of Seven And Without Work, Yet He Gives To TheRelief of Starving JewishPeople In EuropeAlthough not a Jew himself, and although he is out of work and -the solesupport of a family of seven, yet S. AV.Glasscock, of Greenville, Ky., was sostirred by the appeal of tho AmericanJewish Relief Committee for the relief of starving and destitute orphansand men and women in Central andEastern Europe that he has sent in acontribution of $7 to the headquartersof the Relief Committee, NationalTheater Building, Louisville.In a letter to Col. Fred Levyv ofLouisville, State Chairman of thecampaign to raise $150,000 in Kentucky, 3Mr. Glasscock says:"Enclosed find check for $5 to helpthe starving people in Europe, Pleasetake and use this to help the needy.I am no Jew, but I have sympathy forthat starving nation and do hope youwill be successful in raising the amountyou intend. Also $2 for the destitutechildren. This is the amount I promi?2 Tfty Saviour to give these needypeople over one year ago. So mypromise is fulfilled today, yet 1 am apoor man with 7 in my family withoutwork and have been for some time, butyet'l feel disposed to help these people as the Great Master has been kindto me in my distress. Thankingyou for your kindness in this greatwork, and I hope you won't have muchtrouble in raising your amount".The appeal of the American-JewishRelief Committee is particularly directed to Jewish people but subscriptions in any amount will be gladlyreceived from people of all faiths.trouble we njver kad a I oodless dayand if we did we never had two ofithem in succession.But that is exactly what is going onin Central and Eastern Europe today.Literally thousands of innocent children are dying for lack of nourishment They are wandering about eat-ing roots, grass, anything to try tosatisfy the growing pangs' of hunger.The same thing is true of men andwomen. Homeless, clothed in rags,living on anything that offers even themeanest nourishment, they are stumbling on praying for the relief thatmust come if they are to live.This is the reason for the campaignfor funds by the American JewishRelief Committee in Kentucky the latter part of March.HERBERT HOOVERENDORSES CAMPAIGNSecretary of Commerce And ReliefExpert Commends 'Work For Relief of Stricken Jewish Peopie In Eurpoe' Declares That The Jewish People InAmerica Have Always Responded Liberally To All EffortsTo Alleviate DistressProbably no man in this country isbetter acquainted with conditions inEurope than Hebert Hoover, Secretary of Commerce. Mr. Hoover haswritten David A. Brown, Chairman ofthe American-Jewish Relief Committee, New York, fully endorsing thework of that organization which isseeking to raise $14,000,000 for therelief of starving and destitute Jewish people in Central and Eastern Europe. m ' ' i -'Kentucky's share in the nationalcampaign is expected to add at least$150,000 to the fund. Fifty thousanddollars is to be raised in the state and$100,000 in Louisville. While the campaign is under the direction ' of theJewish people and subscriptions willbe solicited largely from them, all whoare in sympathy with the movementmay contribute and their money will(be gratefully received.The letter from Secretary Hooverfollows :"Dear Mr. Brown :"Each year when the American Jewish Relief Committee has made itsappeal, I have 'had the -honor of commending its work to the Americanpeople and likewise each year I haveobserved the continued necessity andthe continued high efficiency of itsservice."It has always maintained-a broadmindedness in the matter of race andreligion and has given its support,both financial and moral, to every effort in the alleviation of human distress. "I trust the Committee Tvill have thesame support again that it has hadhitherto."Tours faithfully,"HERBERT HOOVER."SUPPOSE YOUWERE STARVINGMeatless Days And Wheatless DaysAnd Lightless Nights of WarPeriod Are RecalledBut America Never Had One FoodlessDay After Another AsMs NowThe Experience of JewishPeople In .EuropeThis question if asked of the; average American would at once be placedIn the "idle dream" class. It is difficult for us here in Kentucky to beI'eve that anywhere in this countryben, women and children are starvingk.nd that belief is well borne out byme facts. We hear of some soupJcitchens, some bread lines ffnd someroffee houses in the big cjties far away,but we find no staryatlon.vlt even requires some tax on ourbrain works to recall the 'rustless daysand the wheatless da-ys and the lightless niehts of a few brief months smr7Btvin &ll thattmTe-of stfeifandBLUE GRASS FIRESTHE OPENING GUNBig Meetjng At Lexington Starts TheCampaign For The AmericanJewish Relief CommitteeDelegates From Many Cities GatherTo Form Organization For Raising Money For Stricken People jpf EuropeOne of the most enthusiastic meetings ever held in the Blue Grass wascalled to order in the Lafayette Hotelin Lexington Sunday afternoon, March6, by Gus. L. Heyman, who introducedCol. Fred Levy, of. Louisville, StateChairman of the drive in Kentucky toraise $150,000 for the relief of destituteJewish people in Central and EasternEurope. .Delegates were present fKQjn Lexington, Winchester, Paris, Carlisle,Oynthiana, Danville and other cities inthe -Blue Grass.Col. Levy in his address told of thegreat needs of the starving and destitute children, of the men and women,in the war-torn sections of Central andEastern Europe who, through no faultof their own, were compelled to undergo untold sufferings and whose onlyrelief lies in the willingness of thepeople of the United States to helpthem.Col. Levy referred to the great workof "Jimmie" Becker, son of a richChicago banker, Tvho refused -a life ofease and as a member of HerbertHoover's relief forces abroad broughtback to this country such a soul-stirringappeal that Julius Rosenwald, thewell known financier, called a conference which started the great drive.David A. Brown, a successful businessman of Detroit who attended the conference was so -impressed that he turned back his tickets already purchasedfor a year's pleasure trip abroad andplunged into the" task of raising $14,000,00ft for relief work."We are going to give as we havenever given before", said Col. Levy,"and until every orphan, every victimhas been provided with food and clothing, homes, hospitals, schools and until each man is granted the right towork and support his family. Thesesufferers are not beggars ; many among'them were financially better off thanyou and I are before they were caughtin the malestrom of war. They arenot asking for charity. They are asking for relief and we are going to seethat they get it. We invite membersof other faiths to join with us in thisgreat work".Other speakers were Rabbi Ranchof Louisville, Jonas Weil, of Lexington, Edward Sachs, of Louisville andmany others. A mass meecing will beheld in Lexington Sunday, March 19,when the campaign in the Blue Grasswill be started.PRESIDENT HARDINGPRAISES THE WORKNation's Chief Executive Gives HisUnqualified Approval To American Jewish Relief CommitteeCalls Upon The People To Give ofTheir Means For The Relief ofStarving" People In EuropeAmong the hundreds of letters ofendorsement received by Mr. David A.Bronvn, Chairman of the National Appeal, American Jewish Relief Committee, New York, Is a very characteristic one from President Warren G.Harding. The Committee is endeavoring to raise $14,000,000 for the reliefof stricken Jewish people in Centraland Eastern Europe. Of this amount$150,000 has been allotted to Kentucky, $50,000 from the state and $100,000 from Louisville. While the Jewish people of the state will be calledupon directly to raise this amount, subscriptions from all will be very gratefully received.The' letter from President Hardingfollows : ""My Dear Mr. Brown :"It is a pleasure to communicate toyou and your associates the assuranceof my unqaualified approval of thegreat effort you are making in behalfof the suffering and unfortunate Jewish people of Europe. The presentations of their case which haye cometo my attention, have impressed meprofundly, and it is good to know thatsuch an organization as your own iscontinuing the splendid work that inthe tmst has been so very fruitful ofhumane and praiseworthy results.T trust "that the effort in whichyou are now engaged will have thefullest-measure of success."Very sincerely?J , WARREN G. HARDING.?iSwrfflERN Railway SystemTwo Through Trains DailyBirmingham New OrleansNew Orleans Limited Crescent City SpecialLv. Lexington 10:40 A.M.Lv. Danville 11:40 A.M.Lv. Somerset 12:50 P.M.Ar. Chattanooga. . 6:20 P.M.Ar. Birmfrfham 10:35 P.M. .Lv. Lexington 10:30 P.M.Lv. Danville n :30 P.M.Lv. Somerset 12:40 A.M.Ar. Chattanooga 6:20 A.M.Ar. Birmingham 10:30 X.M.Ar. New Orleans 10:30 A.M. Ar. New Orleans 10:00 P.M.Pullman Sleeping Cars and CoachesDining Cars Serving All MealsFor tickets, sleeping car reservations or other information, apply toTicket Agent, or address,H. C. KING, District Passenger Agent,104 North Limestone Street, Lexington, Ky.Small Chick FeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROMR. F. COLLIERGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintr . is most valuable for the protection it- yields. This is the time to paint for-4 - protective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and let' us figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399THE UNIVERSAL CARDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922Chassis $285Runabout t.l. 319Touring Car 348Truck Chassis 430Coupe 580Sedan 645(F. O. B. DETROIT)RUGGLES? ,1.MOTOR COMPANYz?-mb..!TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1928THE BOtJRBON-NEWS,:PARIS, KESWXfimoeyoaxmoojgfbtkPositively Contain no AipirfcFor SaktIl Drue Sea.30 Tabkw(till-25mar)25BAPTISERUSE530,000,000 CASHnwTY THEEE CLEAE DAYS INmh FEBEUAEYOnly three days in. February werelear IS were clody and seven.rtly cloudy, according to themonthly report of the Lexingtonleather bureau. The highest temperature was on the twenty-second,it 70 and the lowest on February 16,when 12 degrees was registered. Themonth's highest temperature in 39rear was 75 and the lowest 20 decrees' below zero. The prevailingdirection of the wind for the monthwas from the southwest and thehourly average velocity it mnes.The highest velocity was attainedon the second when the rate was 48miles. There were 103 hours of sunshine out of a possible 305.2 hours,a percentage of 34.SIMMS' HORSES SENT TO JAMAICA TRACKLeonardo II, and Horologue, thelatter a Kentucky Derby candidate,left Lexington, Wednesday, for Jamaica, New York, in charge ofTrainer W. H. Wallace. Leonardo,-whose feet went bad during histraining for the DeAy last year, hasbeen at the Lexington track most ofthe winter, and if his training goeswell, it is likely that some of hismarvelous speed may be seen onKentucky tracks this year, althoughhis owner, Edward F. Simms, probably will start the season with himon one of the New York courses.Horologue is owned by Wallace.GORpLift Off with FingersALL GENERAL WORK STRENGTHENED BY 75 MILLION CAMPAIGN, IT IS SHOWN.WHERE THE MONEY GOESSums That Have Been AppropriatedTo Various Objects Set ForthBy Headquarters Office AtNashville, Tenn.PEOPLE OF OUtbWNThe Henpecked Husband got Tangfed Up in a long-winded Card Gamedown at the Club on his One-Evening-a-Month-Offand is Now on his wayHome at midnight for a Fierce Bawl-ing-Outby an Expert. His Wife expects him to Work every day Supporting Her and to Stay Home every nightEntertaining Her.y " - xxr ft f v jAJ -f ' 77" Cr Nfe'.1 KtErY jRa V 7 v JQ V 1 IDr. E. GUI, Baptist Representative InEurope, on Left, and P. V. Pavloff ofAll Russian Baptist Union.From the beginning of the Baptist75 Million Campaign to January, 1922,a total of $30,356,319.41 had been paidin to objects fostered by the Campaign, it is announced toy the generalheadquarters office at Nashville. Ofthis amount $28,799,971.15 came inthrough the payment of regular Campaign subscriptions and the remaining$1,556,348.26 in special contributions.Regular receipts from the variousKENTUCKY CHILDEEN'SSOCIETY REPORTHOMEFirst build up the body and prepare it for the task-of absorbing aneducation, then train the mind. Thisis the new method? of educating thechildren of the Kentucky Children'sHome Society, inaugurated with theremoval of the Society from the oldHome on Baxter avenue to the 86acre tract at Lyndon, Ky., where already two units of the cottage havebeen built.-The education of the young mindsand the scientific play that is expected to build-up the bodies of thelittle waifs, are .in the hands of Mrs.A. L. Harris and Mrs. B. U. Seay,(educators who obtained their initialofotflo fnllnm. Ala 19ni 134 7fi ArkS714.6S3.09; D. of C., $123,280.01; Fla., I training in Louisville public schoolDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,-then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irTitation. (adv-T)oTHROWING HEAVY SHOT!Editor "Warren E. Fisher, of theCarlisle Mercury, slipped away fromthe "old home nest" Wednesday andcome to Paris on a business trip. Onhis return he grabbed his 'rustytypewriter (the machine-) and slammed out this one:"A news dispatch from Paris tothe daily papers says the old covered bridge is haunted. 'Angels andministers of grace, defend us!' Afternegotiating 'No Man's Land' out bythe cemetery, one must pass througha haunted bridge. It's too much."oIn the old days we used to drownsorrows; now we just let them dieof thirst.BRIGHTER?,V iVi&SC T"" - T5Just Historyin nrThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright, 'She greeted heT exeatsBy CoalOfl light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the earl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Tight.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporate)?469,753.53; Ga., $3,000,174.10; 111.,!$298,576.13; Ky., $3,187,656.15; La.,$807,991.13.; 'Md., $393,517.46; Miss.,$1,243,846.50; Mo., $1,190,754.70; N. M.,$145,229.97; N. C, $2,211,741.50; Okla,,$840,562.65; S. C, $2,633,840.53; Tenn.,$1,797,483.10; Tex., $5,162,658.85; Va.,$3,279,085. More than 250,000 baptismswere reported by Southern Baptistcliurches last year.How Money Was DistributedSeven general objects of the denomination were embraced in the Campaign program, and from the regularCampaign contributions those objectshave received the following amounts,according to a compilation by the head,quarters office: Foreign missions, $5,434,012.53; home missions, $3,562,600.67; state missions in the seventeenstates and local work in the Districtof Columbia, 4,954,813.26; Christianeducation, $7,192,442.79; Baptist hospitals, $2,004,099.16; orphanages, $2,.103,787.33; and Relief and AnnuityBoard, which ministers to aged dependent ministers and their families,$799,126.99.What Money. Has DoneThese funds represent an advance,ranging from 200 to 300 per cent, inthe contributions of Southern Baptiststo their general missionary, educational and benevolent work, prior tothe inauguration of the Campaign, andhave enabled the (boards and otheragencies to greatly extend their services in all departments. In additionto sending out more than 180 new missionaries since the Campaign began,and providing many church buildings,mission residences, schools, theological seminaries, publishing houses,hospitals and the like on the olderfields the Foreign Mission Board hasbeen enabled to open work in the newfields of 'Spain, Jugo-Slavia, Hungary,Roumania and Southern Russia inEurope, and Palestine, Syria and Slbea in Asia, and Dr. Everett Gill, formany years a missionary in Italy, butmore recently a pastor in Kansas City,has been named special European representative to supervise the greatlyexpanded work on that continent. Dr.Gill is giving much of his time to dis-.jxibuting Baptist relief funds in Russia and otherwise looking after the- interests of the denomination there.Home Work EnlargedAmong the outstanding accomplishments of the Home Mission Board arethe aiding of more than 1,000 churcheswith loans and gifts for church buildings, completion of the big tuberculosis sanatorium at Ef Paso, enlargement of the work in Cuba and theCanal Zone, strengthening of the 37mountain mission schools and the development of all eleven departmentsof the work of the Board. In all seventeen states of tb.9 Southern BaptistConvention the" state miosion work hasbeen jgreatly extended, the number ofBaptists hospitals m the South hasbeen increased from eleven to twentythree, all of the older eighteen Baptistorphanages have been aided in mate-rial ways and two new ones have beenestablished, while the number of ageddependent ministers and their familieshas been doubled and the amount oraid given them increased 100 per cent.Collections Are PushedWhile the collections so far represent a big gain over the contributionsof 'Southern Baptists to their work before the Campaign, the sum collectedis not all that is due and in all theSouth an effort Is being made to collect as much more as possible by theclose of the Convention year, May 1,that none of the work may suffr.work.The great spacious out-door playground has been equipped with allmodern play in the basement, alsoequipped with all kind of playground devices.It is pointed out by George L.Sehon, Superintendent of the Society, that many of the children arriveat the Home in an under-nourishedcondition, often so emaciated theirlives are despaired of. The firsttask is to make their bodies healthy;and yet so often the -child of lessthan twelve, 'who is brought to theHome, has had no schooling whatsoever, so it is then that schooling andplay are linked hand in hand. Theseuntutored children, illiterat andunderfed are put on special fattening diets; all memories of the terrible hardships they have undergoneare effaced from their minds by playand loving treatment, and betweenthese hours of play, Mrs. Harris andMrs. Seay hold short .classes; thusgetting the child used to school bygradual degrees. The play periodsbecome shorter as the school periodsbecome longer, until the child having attained normal weight ndhealth, gets down to the real task oflearning the foundation of the education that send them from the Homeequipped to combat life's battle inthe industrial world.WONDERING WHY YOUNG MENDON'T MARRYPeople often wonder why youngmen are not marrying in greaternumbers. But there is no occasionfor wonderrnent. The answer issimple.The spirit of the" times is placinga greater check upon matrimonythan all other agencies combined.The young man who can not givehis best girl a high rolling time isnot popular. He is out of luck. Heis considered behind the times atbest, and often is looked upon as atitewad.If he does not care to be placed inthis category he mustmake moneyfly, and as long as he continues to dothat he finds it difficult to accumulate enough for supplying and furnishing a home, and meeting all ofthe other expenses attendant uponmarried life.In other words, he is simply scared out of the idea of marrying.Young girls who have their futurecomfort in view might well considerthis side of the question before theybegin to make heavy entertainmentdemand upon the pocketbooks oftheir escorts.oREPORT OF SHAWHAN SCHOOLFOR FEBRUARYMrs. Leonard Wallingford, teacherof the Shawhan School, makes thefollowing report for the month' ofFebruary:Grade I Rachel Singleton, 94;Paul Lail, 98; Marion Paynter, 93.Grade II Elizabeth Cameron; 97;Olney.Soards, 90.Grade III Helen Smith.,- 93;Emil Price, 95; Anna L. Ritchie,90; Christine Paynter, 93.Grade IV Lucy Justice, 94.Grade V Riley Justice, 96; Velma Rose, 93; Albert Filer, 94.Grade VI Mary J. Lail, 93.Another innovation in modernwarfare is trying to make the victorsfoot the bills.M-r.r-i!:lAfee;IsA CORDIAL INVITATIONExtended Every One to Visit Mjabley's CincinnatiExceptionally attractive style displaysof the most fashionable apparel for-Women M isses Men Boys. And Little Folks .- "r of Both Sexes ' y .The store is at its best, every one of the six sales ..noprs is teeming with quality merchandise.Prices as low as we can possibly make them.You are always welcome come and make yourself at home.-ST&A comfortable rest room is maintained for your use youmay check your hand baggage without cost writing desks,reading tables, all the comforts of home are provided for.irST -rYou'll nearly always find some onefrom your home town in our storeheMableCINCINNATI'S GREATEST STOREand Qiew (aiFOUNDED 1877.CINCINNATI, OHIO, I?vINTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexingtonLexingtonTo Paris05 a. m.05 a. m.05 a. m.05 a. m.05 a. m.05 p. m.05 p. m.05 p. m.05 a. m.05 p. m.05 p. m.05 p. m.05 p. m.15 p. m.05 p. m.55 p. m.6789101112123456791100 a. m.00 a. m.00 a. m.00 a. m.00 a: m.00 a. m.00 m.00 p. m.00 p. m.00 p. m.00 p. m.00 p. m.00 p. m.00 p. m.10 p. m.00 p. m.?Cash Fare. 60c: Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTION & TEEMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)S -A. V I IT GHOne of the most necessary precepts in every home is saving. Your greatest help in saving is a telephone.Saves time which -is money.. Saves steps. Forestallstrouble. May save a life or your home. Brings the doctoror firemen quicker. No argumentagainst a telephone.Order a HOME Telephone to-day.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedKBourbon Laundry jDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors " ITelephone No. 4FARMERS81TRADERSXBANKPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000-00OFFICERSFrank P. Riser, Preeldent9. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. "WJ. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...XX1,West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are Sprepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.The "Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky IIKXLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGJUNE 30, 1921Natural Resources.Mushrooms are bein Imported intothis country from Switzerland. Weare still able to raise all the toadstools that are needed for home con-Buraptlon."Silesia, having found that theworld did not care particularly whatbecame of it, has quieted down.CAHAL BROS.BAEBEB'SHO?4--WHITE BABBE1S-C-ModemIgfofV - "Expert aBdPtHttiwfkt "HOT AHD COLD BATHSj:ri H'MlIItrVMfcJ-tz?aMv,f-. -'i. v .f , -?. &. r v- i,r ltjz, 'r ,?SG:-: ' -fS ?yfe l&sy'?: &t &Tj fc . f: J2r" ' Z '-,--r '-Ss---J - -w '--xt--i. "I ..-.Jt "- -r- ,.. -jf - - ' r., s 7- - v - - .. -t . - -" '9"PAGE EIGHTTHE -BOURBON NEWS, PARS, KENTUCKYLODGE NOTESMLLERSBURGAbout one hundred and fifty guests--attended the dance given at the Ma.-asofiic Temple under the auspices of-the ladies of the Eastern Star order."The receipts totaled $103, which will3e used to pay for a phonograph recently purchased by the order. The-isdance was a distinct success fromv.3eyery point. Many out-of-town guests-were present. Music for the occasion was furnished by Bishop's Trio.JL J. Lovely Company, No. 34,Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias,will be hosts at their Castle Hall, inxtke "Wilson building, on Wednesdayxiijht, March 22, to the' Cynthiana3J. R. ' Company. Brigadier-General.-James E. McCracken and staff, including newly-ftedged Colonel Wm."W. Dudley, of Paris, will be present"for installation of the companies.Sit will be an open session, and members of Rathbone Lodge, their wives-and sweethearts, and members ofthe Pythian Sisterhood are expectedto be present. A banquet will be one-of the pleasing features of the meet4ng. Arch C. Stallard, of Lexington,-Special Deputy of the Beneficiary.Degree of the Junior Order UnitedAmerican Mechanics, will address4;he members of Bourbon Council, in-their lodge room, at the regular-meeting to-night, Tuesday, MarchJL4, at 7:30 o'clock.I3LUE GRASS LEAGUE TO MEETAGAINA quorum failed to show up for-"the meeting of the new Blue GrassXeague scheduled to be held in31aysville, Thursday night, probably'due to the inclement weather, and it-was announced by President Thomas"M. Russell that the league wouldhold its next meeting at the PhoenixSotel in Lexington, Thursday, March16, when a schedule is to be adopt---ed and action taken on the entry oftwo new members into the circuit.At present the four teams listed inthe league are Lexington, Maysville,Paris and Cynthiana. Mt Steringand Winchester probably will be the-other two clubs, and delegates fromach of the four member towns willmeet at Lexington next Thursday"morning, and the party will visitthe "holdouts" in an effort to bringabout their speedy entry into the organization. It is possible, too, saidMr. Russell, that Richmond andFrankfort or Carlisle will be added.making an eight club circuit.IRTHSMr. and Mrs. Withers Davis are-receiving congratulations upon theadvent of a little son "in their homeon Pleasant street, born Saturday.'Mrs. Davis was formerly Miss MaryHoss, of Bourbon county. The newheir bears the name of James Withers Davis, Jr.ivij,e,5.coSchobleSpringHatsAre Herein the latest stylesand colors$5-56-650-U1We are are showingWonderful Hats in allshades and styles.$3.00Interesting Hews Items From Bourbon County's College TownMILLERSBURG COUNTYSCHOOL NOTESHIGHI Price & Co.Attendance is steadily improving since the epidemic of flu.Supt. J. M. McVey was a visitorat the school Tuesday.Elder G. W. Nutter, pastor ofthe Christian church, gave a lectureon the-Book of Ruth before the Literature Class, Wednesday morning.Prof, and Mrs. J. W. Lancasterand children spent the week-endwith Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Lawrence,at Georgetown.The basket ball team of Millersburg High played the girls'team of Cynthiana High in the District Tournament at Lexington,which was the closest game of theday. The game was lost to the Millersburg team, the score being 8 to5, after an extra five minutes wasplayed.The school has some pure-bredDuroc-Jersey shoats for sale.The honor roll. for the sixthmonth is as foflows:Grade I James Livingood 95,Maurice Wells 92, "Ernest Gray 96,Eddie -Reynolds 97, Jessie Hurst 94,Todd Hill. 97, Leo Mitchell 92, Osborne Riggs 91, Charles Stone 93.jiDvel Gilvin 94, Thurman Saunders9-6, Virgil Hollar 92, Clyde Hill 96,Leroy Sloop 96, J. C. JEiggins 93,William F. Darnall 95, Mary BelleHenson 93, Louise Cassity 95, Bertha Grimes 98, Josie Hill 98, MaryHulda Dennis 96, Margaret Lowe93, Hazel Livengood 95, ThelmaLowe 96, Ruth Riggs 96, RhbdaRamey 92, Leda Bothman 95, IdaMay D welly 96', Emma Yazell 95,Vivian Cantrill 97.Teachers Nannie D. Clarke. LinaB. Crowe.Grade II Robert Bonta 91, JunitaEubanks 93, Jesse Darnall 94, Dillard Smith 94, Calude Wells 94Fred Boling 95, Louise Cassity 95,Herman Livengood 95, Oscar Saunders 95, Virginia Livengood 96,Richard Fay 97, Zethel Sloop 97,James Watkins -97, James- Clarke98, Mary Reed 98, Elizabeth Calhoun 99.Teachers Line B. Crowe, NannieD. Clarke.Grade III Robert Bartlett 91,Evelyn Crouch 91. Helen Dennis 91. . . - " fJbietcner Donaldson 96, Joe Grimes97, Elizabeth Hill 95, Marlam HuntLancaster 96, Jesse Howard 90,Blanche Stone 92, Clarlne Stone 92Miss Robbie Ritchie, o'fefllrTTill io trici4-iTi tr frionrlo Vioro IIIMrs. Rhoda Conway has return- jed from a visit with friends inParis.Mrs. Ella Spencer, of Lexington, is visiting her sister, Mrs. Letton Vimont.Mrs. J. G. Jefferson left Saturday to visit relatives in Los Angeles,California.Miss Mary Taylor spent Fridaywith her sister, Mrs. Emma Long, inGeorgetown.Mrs. Martha Vimont is visitingher daughter, Mrs. W. A. Munzing,in Maysville.Mr. David Cassidy and wifehave returned from a several months'stay, in Florida.Mrs. T. D. Judy and Mrs. K.R. Vaught visited relatives in Carlisle, Thursday.Miss Elizabeth Brown, of Carlisle, spent the week-end with hermother, Mrs. Nannie Brown.Quite a number from here wentto Paris, Sunday morning to hearBishop Darlington at the Methodistchurch.Miss Elizabeth Kackley ofFlemingsburg, and Miss MarthaDudley, of Carlisle, are guests ofMrs. Letton Vimont.Miss Hattie Wood was hostessto the Young People's Missionary Sociey of the Methodist church at herhome Thursday night.Ate the meeting of the Twentieth Century Club, Saturday, resolutions were passed on the death ofMrs. E. M. Thomason.Mr. Graham Smedley, of Austin,Texas, has returned home after avisit with his sister, Mrs. C. B.Smith and Mrs. Mary Boston.Miss Olive Fisher leaveWednesday to spend a few days with friendsin Washington and New York, andsails from Brooklyn March 21, for atrip abroad.BORN To the wife of Mr. Jas.Price, of Escondida, a daughter,Nancy Clift. Mrs. Price was formerly Miss Clark, of this place, sister ofMrs. A. T. Moffett and Miss NannieClark.Miss Nannie Burroughs, of Millersburg, is at the bedside of her sister, Mrs. Lida Norton, who continues critically ill at the home of Mrs.Belle Colliver, in Carlisle.E. P. Thomason, Mrs. S. J.Mann, Mrs. C. B. Smith, Misses Eugenia Wadell and Katherine Judyand Robert Chanslor are reported asbeing cosiderably improved aftersevere illness.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church will meetat the church Wednesday afternoonat 2:30. "Social Service" will bethe subject, with Mrs. Albert Evansas leader. Members are asked to respond to roll call with an item on"Social Service." Preceding the program a short memorial service willbe held for Mrs' Everett Thomason.Members of the church and friendswill be welcome.1ANDI(OPERA HOUSElA I . IA I AflliL2:00 to 5:307:00 tcr 1 0:30TO-DAY, TUESDAYGLORIA SWAINSON- &-,IN-"The Great Moment"A PARAMOUNT PICTUREGlittering.Gloria's first big starring photoplay-; from the original screen play written especially for her- by Elinor Glynworid -famed author of "Three Weeks." The, tremendous story of a girl whose Gypsy heart led her away from Society'sconventions into strange and surprising adventures. The sensation of the day in the motion picture world. A photoplaymade to attracl crowds and bound to please them all! Just see it!Cast includes Milton Sills, Alec B. Francis, Arthur Hull, Julia Pa ye, Helen DunbarClarence Geldart, Capt.F. R, Butler, R. Brathwayt, and Other Celebrated PlayersAlso "Miracles Of the Jungle" The Marvelous Animal ProductionmiiaWICd Ul lilt? JUHglC In IS Chapters of Adventure and Romancev x Also "Snub" Pollard Comedy, "Lose No Time"TOMORROW, WEDNESDAYBETTY COMPSON "Prisoners" of Love"One man had trampled a lily under foot. But another lifted the shattered blossom and patiently waitedNo more enthralling love-story has appeared on the screen in many, many months.Also Buster Keaton Comedy, "The Scarecrow," and Pathe NewsTHURSDAY, MARCH 16thEUGENE O'BRIEN SisToAn exciting adventure of the upper and under worlds.Also Ruth Roland in "White Eagle" and Topics of the Dayr sADDED ATTRACTIONtHATLEV S 0RCHESTRAADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cMary Alice Wells 95, Nancy Wallace93, Emma Wagoner 90, AverettWatkins 92, Helen Fryman 94, Elizabeth Kokendoffer 90.Teacher Hazel K. Kerr.Grade IV Katherine Jones 96,Charlie Reed 95 Claude DailyThompson 95, Nancy Elson 93, Julian Wells 94, Eddie Gray 92, Virginia Johnson 91, Bruce Robertson 90.Teacher Hazel K. Kerr.Grade V Veach Eubanks 93, Marie Feeback 93, Lovell Hickman 93,Thomas Hickman 95, Clay Stone.Teacher Mrs. Frank P. Bedford.Grade VI Ruby Wagoner &3,Charles Crouch 92, Evelyn McConnaughhay 90, Monroe Florence 90.Teacher Elizabeth K. Rice. .Grade VII Mary Louise "Claypoole 93, Nellie Shea 95, LucilleDunn 91.Teacher Jessie" M. Crisp.Grade VIII Mary Louise McMar.han 95, Anna May Robertson - 93,Sue Bascom 94, Thelma Wagoner95, Frances Howard 92, J. D. Let-ton 95. -Teacher Jessie May Crisp.High School Dorothy Bonar 93,Elizabeth , Boston 91, Jennie Fisher90, Elizabeth -Pruitt 93.Teachers Supt. J. W. Lancaster,Prof. Russell Jones, Mary S. Van-meter.HENRY CLAY CAMPAIGN BANNEE OF 1844A Henry Clay campaign banner,dating back to 1844, with a pictureof the great statesman in the center and fringed with heavy goldbands, has been presented to theKentucky Historical Society1 atFrankfort by Mrs. Charles ThomasVarnon, of Walton, Ky.The color of the banner is "ashesof roses," a mixture of lavender andred, a combination seldom seen today. Four penants are painted onthe top of the portrait and containthe following words: "The Victoryis Won With Law, Order, Libertyand Union," and "Presented by theWhig Ladies, Sisters' Smiles WillGreet You." Mrs. Lafferty statedthat the banner was made whenClay was at the height of his powerand popularity. The banner is twoand one-half yeards long and a yardand one-half yards long and a yardbeautifully executed and fringedwith gold. vo "RHEUMATISMiM...,, 1llBourbon News Advertisers Get Results!SaleThe FinalBrings You the Greatest Sltoe Valiies of the Year !Shoes and Oxfords marked down in this sale from 20 to 40 per centreductions from our former low prices. " 'A FEW SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEKs i( r n- Do you know that rheumatismcan be -cured so that you can beyour own good self again? 'It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS.(10-tf)Milan, Ind.Ladies' Tan English Shoes and Oxfords, $4,00 and $5.00 grades.Pinal Sale$2.95Ladies' $4.00 to 16.00 Shoes and Oxfords in Black Kid.Pinal Sale 'SI. 99Men's $6.00 Tan Blucher and English lasts.Pinal SaleS3.85, Men's Work Shoes, values $3.00 and$3.50; tan leather.Pinal SaleS1.85I VMisses' and Children's $3.00 Tan English Shoes, all sizes.Pinal Sale$1.99Advance Sale of Ladies' Newest Spring OxfordsTan English Lace Oxfords Patent Strap Slippers Great Special Values.ON SALE NOW ATs$2.95 and $3.95DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy RcijnmmIArt'Jz.vo- -44Ar saj?trWc "3tit j.?g;'r:$.3t?r"t7Titakw.-VrU1 t"' " 'HjCrf.-V . 3fv,. ,ffet J64HS,, -5T1. " "r,lW - -, -v.x'" f "V?'S9 .JSs, $gpn-3fc)r rf je tn jerr -?" an---: Ji- "TT-.s- s -- ,ri?fjJ''- C-"g.T-'r', -t-ir-?2-" ; - 1 . - v wrr - .". . fc, v:&y?mi xr,,- n-&A "."fi K-L .rm fapijiiqs