rrrm ' .2 - r.v ., t, j w. ."".": 4 : . ' - msx" - . "-.! ,yi,vr- - -vi. -,mimaui7 tJv . . 4VPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURDON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 11, 1922THEBOURBONNEWS" r'i--ifTiiiii 1 ij fTtli r liiiyuiiji-r r'li'iJMMiii ihrsMf N.tff-J,!r ??'-s - --- -": srhPABIS NEGEO CONFESSES AUTOTHEFTWilliam Clark, 16-year-old negroboy, of Paris, arrested at Mt. Sterling by Chief of Police J. G. Tipton on advice from the Lexingtonpolice department and brought toLexington on a charge of stealingan automobile, was held over byCounty Judge E. H. Doak to await-action of the grand jury in juvenilecourt.When Clark was arrested he hadin his possession a Ford touring carwhich was identified as a machinestolen from W- S. Perkins, of Lexington. Clark confessed to stealing a roadster, the property of J. Connors, ofBourbon county, from its parkingplace in Lexington on July 22, according to police. Clark said hesold the roadster to a negro at Richmond named Reuben Walford.Clark stated that Walford promised to pay him $55 for the car, $20of which was paid at the time ofsale and the rest in smaller installments. The car, which is practicallynew, was brought back to Lexington. 0HANCOCK HOESES SCOEE INSABATOGA EACESA special dispatch Tuesday fromSaratoga Springs, New York, to thedaily papers, says:"Arthur B. Hancock, the Bourboncounty breeder, who will sell hisgreat band of yearlings here nextFriday night, is wearing a broadsmile as he mingles with Easternturfmen around Saratoga these dayslor the horses that romp daily overthe race course here are giving hisbreeding genius the kind of advertising no money could buy."Last Saturday Martinagle, a product of his Bourbon county stud,-won the classic United States HotelStake. On Monday, Edict, anotherof the yearlings he brought herelast August, won the Schuylervilleand this afternoon Blazes and TenLee, two more thoroughbreds hesent to the turf scored impressivevictories over their respective fieldsin the Delaware handicap and theCongress Park purse."THE STEIKE SITUATIONKENTUCKY MOTOE FEDEEATIONPOB.METJWith rejection by strikers of tneThe Kentucky Motor Federation, President's latest proposal clearlya State Federation rof automobile in prospect, the indications are thatclubs, was formed at Lexington, ' the President plans drastic steps toWednesday at a conference at which solve the rail problem. He has callrepresentatives were present from ed upon the House leaders to see toMaysville, Falmouth, Cynthiana, ' it that there is a full attendanceParis, Winchester, Covington and when the House resumes its sessionsLexington. The headquarters of the . Tuesday, and it is insistently sugnew State association will be main-lgested that he will call upon Con?tained in Lexington. Jgress to grant him authority to takeHarvey Myers, of Covington, was over control of the railroads as wasuanimously chosen as president of j done in war times,the federation. Judge Denis Dun-1 The striking unions have prepardon, of Paris, and Judge A. H. Bar- j ed their reply to the President, andker, of Falmouth, were the unani-jwill submit- it to the heads of themous choices for the offices of first railway brotherhoods who will be inand second vice presidents; respect-; session in Washington to-day.Theirively. F. K. Augsburg, of Lexington approval of the reply is expected andwas named as temporary secretarytreasurer of the organization.Directors named by the premanent organization committee included Samuel B. Walton and Chas.T. Crowe, Lexington; Gus Brooks,Maysville; Judge Denis Dundon,Paris; H. Clay Smith, Cynthiana;the Presi-yit will then be sent todent.To-day also, the heads of 148 railway systems will meet inNe'w Yorkto determine upon their acceptanceor rejection of the President's plan.With the striking unions rejectingit, acceptance by the executivesJudge A. H. -Barker, Falmouth, and i would not prevent the situationHarvey Myers and T. R. Morgan, again being one in which the Presi-uovmgton. rne ioregomgIn the meantime the effort of theSouthern Railway Company to set-officers : dent must act.were eiecieu to serve uuiix iae ursiannual meeting of the board of directors. Directors named by the permaganization, composed of Mr. Myers,Judge Dundon, Judge Barker, Mr.Walton and Mr. Smith, recommended the adoption of the constitutionwith the provision that it would remain open for amendment until thenext meeting, in order to give othercounties a chance to form autoclubs and participate in the movement. The next meeting was calledfor Friday, September 1, in Lexington. Those from Paris who attendedwere Denis Dundon, Harold Harris,Secretary of the Paris CommercialClub, and J. Withers Davis.OVEEHEATED BEAEING CAUSESSLIGHT BLAZE .NEW HOUSE FOE SALENEW 7-EOOM HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS. ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.E0UEB0N LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnAn alarm from Box 12 yesterdayafternoon called the fire departmentto the Paris Milling Co.'s plant, inEast Paris. An overheated bearingon a blow pipe carrying chaff fromthe mill ignited the chaff, causing aslight blaze. The fire was extinguished with chemicals, the damagebeing insignificant.Fire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN4 ;AUGUST SALEOFBLANKETSIs?ANDCOMFORTSAT15 PER CENT REDUCTIONBUY THEM NOW ANTICIPATEYOUR NEEDS AND SAVE 152&gjDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYiSr ' 4 .:!- - t utie the strike on its lines has failed.The strikers have notified the officials of the Southern that they willnot enter into any plan for adjustment until the strike is settled nationally. The President in his latest proposition to the railways and the striking shopmen has found the "safeand sane position of fairness andconservatism." Chairman Ben Hopper, of the United States RailwayLabor Board, so announced yesterday. On many railroads, he ,said, theplan can be carried out without anyinconvenience. Over 75,000 shopman had been laid off before thestrike, the statement adds, and withthe increased work now available somany men will be needed that "ona very large number of roads, in myjudgment, the question of senioritywould never arise."GETTING BEADY FOE "BOOSTERDAY TBDP"Secretary Harold Harris is in receipt of a telephone message announcing that the ladies of th? Presbyterian church at Millersburg willserve the dinner to the BourbonBoosters on August 30. This is sufficient to assure those who are fortunate enough to be present on thatoccasion a real old-fashioned dinner.Weather permitting the covers willbe laid outdoors in one of the manydelightfully shaded grass plotr., Director Kidd, of the Odd Fellows'Boys' Band, informed Secretary Harris that the boys had begun alreadyon an entirely new musical programfor the Booster Day.To date about seventy merchantshave signed up to accompany theBoosters, and it is 'expected to addabout ?fifty more to that number.Anyone who did not sign with theFinance" Committee ,may join theBoosters by making 'their intentionknown to any member of this committee or Secretary Harris.Many cars will be needed, andanyone who cares to volunteer theuse of their car for that day willplease notify Mr. W. O. Hinton,Chairman of Transportation Committee.STATE WILL GET PBIOBITY ONGOALGOVERNOR SAYS FORD'S PLANIMPRACTICABLEGov. Morrow advised E. G. Lie-bold, Henry Ford's secretary, at Detroit, that conditions at Corbin arsuch that the Ford plan of oper,aing the Corbin shops of the L. andN. Railroad Company and the Eastern Kentucky coal carrying lines is"thoroughly impracticable." TheGovernor's telegram, which was sentfrom his office follows:"Find shopmen and other railroademployes at Corbin would not acceptor work under offer as made by thel Ford railroad. I am confident thej proposition cannot be worked out atI either end of the working lines and1 is therefore thoroughly impractical."Governor Morrow was at Corbin,center of a great southeastern Kentucky coal producing area and thepoint where the Louisville & Nash-,ville railroad shops are located,j The railroad situation at Corbin:is regarded as the key to movingcoal out of that section.0INVESTMENT PB0PEBTY FOBSALEHarris, Speakes and Harris jpffertwo pieces of property for sale Wednesday, August 16, at 2 p. m. Don'tfail to attend.(8-11-15)OWNS LABGE FACT0BYJoseph P. Endris, formerly ofParis, is now owner of the largestcigar factory in Charleston, 111.,where he has resided many years.Mr. Endris married Miss JosephineAlexander, of Paris, a former member of the Paris High School faculty, and a niece of Mrs. W. H. Anderson and Hugh Alexander, both ofParis. Mr. Endris' establishmentwas recently visited by a representative of the Government, who compliments Mr. Endris on the successhe had made of his business. Theindustry has manufactured and disposed of 463,000 cigars in the pastyear, for which Mr. Endris paid tothe internal revenue department ofthe Government almost $3,000 intaxes.JAIL DEUVEBY PBEVENTEDNelson Porter, colored, confinedin the Paris jail on a charge ofstealing roasting ears from the cornfield of Robt. Meteer, near Hutch'ison, made an unsuccessful attemptto escape from jail by the old familiar method with which prisonershave now become acquainted. Por,ter rolled his bed clothes into a bundle and set them on fire at the baseof one of the partitions in the window. Jailer Taylor scented thesmoke in time to investigate. Porter was remoyed to another cell andput in shackles. He had been recently held to the grand jury byActing Judge Dnis Dumdon. ,.B0UBB0N GUN CLUBTwenty-nine shooters were outWednesday facing the traps and enjoying the afternoon's sport. A nicecrowd of visitors was present. The'trophy, a handsome smoking set, donated by Shire & Fithian, was wonby Amos Turney, with the goodscore of 99 out of a 100. On LaborDay, September 4, at Hill Top wewill have an all-day shoot. This isknown as the Blue Grass Championship Shoot, and is registered. Alfred Clay has been having this shootregularly on his date for severalyears. Scores:Shot AtW. Buckner 125Amos Turney 100H. M. Roseberry.. ,.100J. L. Dodge ..... .100A. B. Perkins. . . '. . .100C. Buckner 100Fred Burgin 75Ben Hisle. . . . . . . . 75J. Shropshire 75J. R. Pendleton. . . .75Wm. Ardery .... 75N. F. Brent. . . . 75',W. Lock ...to.jvfc.j7i5kA. L. Reaville 75Alfred Clay 50Maj. H. T. Burgin . . 50Vol Ferguson 50R. Jones 50Douglas Thomas 50W. Kenney '. . . 50W. F. Ferguson . . . . 50Roxie Davis 50C. A. We"Dberl. .. 50Henry Santen 50C. T. Hinkle 50J. N. Winn 25Mrs. H. Kerslake.. .. 25Dan Peed 25Mrs. H. T. Burgin. .. 25ROXIE DAVIS, Sec0WELL DBILLEBBroke11099908987677171666663615958464644443838373731252018171311Governor Morrow Tuesday gaveout the following statement: "Thepeople of Kentucky need feel nofear of the coal shortage, as it is theintention of the coal committee ofKentucky to see that Kentucky haspriority in coal, and to see that ample transportation is secured fromthe railroads to deliver the priorityfuel in the State. The general planis that public utilities are to becared for first, together with Stateinstitutions, then educational institutions, industrial plants manufacturing necessities and the generalpublic."After Kentucky is cared for, allexcess coal and excess transportation will be utilized to fill priorityorders coming through the Hoovergeneral committee. These priorityorders will move only such coalfrom Kentucky as is not requiredfor home consumption, nor will priority orders take coal out of theState until the necessities of theState have been fully cared for. Nofirm, corporation or individual willbe permitted to accumulate morethan a few weeks' supply of coal.This will limit all to only enoughcoal for current use. The committeeasks assistance qt all dealers, corporations and individuals in carrying out this plan:"DBILLEB STUTES SULPHJBWATERCOMMUNITY PICNIC FOR LABORDAYLabor Day, Monday, September4, will be celebrated in Paris by abasket picnic, to be given m Forrest Letton's woodland, on theLexington pike, under the auspicesof the Community Service and theParis Commercial Club. The affairwill be given for the mutual benefitof the citizens of Paris and Bourboncounty. Music will be furnished bya first-class band. An orator of highrepute will deliver an oration, andthere will be all kinds of amusement stunts, games, etc., for youngand old. The arrangements arerapidly being perfected for makingthis one of the most enjoyable picnics ever given in Paris.General Chairman James Connellhas appointed the following members of the general arrangementscommittee: N. Ford Brent, Will G.McClintock, Finnell Galloway, Mrs.Owen L. Daxis, Mrs. James Metcalfeand Dr. D. S. Henry.W. K. Kearney, well driller, oCVersailles, who has been opr&thurextensively through Bourbon 'coutjrin the past three months, struck afine vein of sulphur water, wfcildrilling on the farm of T. F. Ckristy, on the Jackstown pike, starParis. The drill penetrated tksvlimestone and the dark limsetonlayer to a depth of 117 feet, atwhich depth the sulphur water came in. The waterter stands at present thirty-twofeet in the well, and is pronoumceby those who have visited the placesas superior to anything of the kindyet struck in this county. Somtime ago while sinking a well on thefarm of E. F. Prichard, near Paris,a fine flow of water very closely resembling the Crab Orchard product,was struck.Mr. Kearney says this is the moetpeculiar section of the State he hasever worked in, and in view of thepresent drought he is at a lose toaccount for conditions that have presented themselves in some parts ofTthe county.FORMER LEXINGTON W0MA1" tCERTAIN FOR CONGRESSMrs. Louella St. Clair Moss, whowas president of Hamilton Cojlege,in Lexington, from 1903 to 1909,seems practically certain to be thethird woman to sit in Congress, asshe was nominated on the Democratic ticket in the Eighth Missouridistrict, which is practically equivalent to election, it is said. Mrs.Moss, if elected, will share attention,in the House of Representativeswith Miss Alice Robertson, of Oklahoma, who was renominated. MisJeanette Rankin, of Montana, thefirst woman to sit in Congress, served but one term. Mrs. Moss is nowpresident -of Christian College, Columbia, Mo.ICE CBEAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at: ;60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.W. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)oFAMOUS NOVEL NOW ON THESCREENStewart Edward White's "TheGray Dawn," when first publishedin a weekly magazine, created considerable talk in Pacific Coast circles, since it is based on early SanFrancisco happenings."The Gray Dawn" will now bevisualized as well as read for Benjamin B. Hampton has adapted thefamous novel for the screen, whichwill be the feature attraction atThe Alamo and The Grand Saturday afternoon and night. The storyof "The Gray Dawn" has to do withearly times in California, and particularly with pioneer residents ofSan Francisco, who made history inways that would not be consideredentirely proper today, which mayaccount for the book causing a furore among the citizensNof the Golden State.The photoplay is set against SanFrancisco's romantic backgroundand vividly portrays the colorfulhistory of the then budding metropolis in the-period just following thedays of the gold rush of '49. Mr.Hampton's screen version of thenovel depicts faithfully the life ofthe great West of that decade.oTO WHOM IT MAY CONCEBNWe have this day sold out ourbusiness to Mr." W. E. Overstreet,and any debts which you may haveagainst us will be paid by us. Wewill not be responsible for any debtmade thereafter.BOURBON BATTERY STATION,Rice & Hart.Paris, Ky., August 10, 1922.The class of people who indorseTanlac is a convincing guarantee ofthe medicine's merit. Give It a trialTamlac it sold by all gooi ironists.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS-Nrr4.dvanC6 hFall MillinerjrModesSuitable to Wear NowSmart close-fitting Hats, drooped stylesand off-the-face models in Felt, Velvet andDuvetyn such as fashion has decreed.'ALSO A LARGE RANGE OFHATS FOR LITTLE TOTSCHILDREN and FLAPPERSIn a great variety of lovely new colorings.You will find your hat in this group andwill be very much surprised at the moderateness of the prices asked for suchsmart models.KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSsT-Sl?"r u,ki .VA.VteA.-V,"1Yx"THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY.JTIlDAY,tTJQTJgT 11, UtePAGE TWOSlSiSW Bhww i in Biw i.iiiii is.THE BOURBON NEWSlSfl41 Years of Continuous PublicationNuiiked Every Tuesday and FridayTw Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash, in Advance.IJFUT CHAH7, Editor and Owner.atered at the Paris, Kentucky,JPostoffle -as Mail Matter of thefleeond Class.)0U1 FOlEigy REPRESENTATIVES. Mew York American Press Association. Ckicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Knllican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchtach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied by-the cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSA clever young man from Kentuck'Disputed the road with a truck.Then he said: "May I begThat you hand me my leg?It might be sewed on, with goodluck."An office that one didn't get isabout the poorest investment theaverage politician makes If you missas oil well you sometimes have therig.Why shouldn't fright cure a cripple, when an unusually short skirton a shapely flapper has been knownto cure blindness, even here in the-good kittle city of Paris, Ky.?The Literary Digest should haveadded one more classification to itslist. It should have sought to tabulate those who are in favor of prohibition so long as its penalties applies to someone else.On Stoner'Mother, may I go for a swim,""Yes, my darling daughter;Sang your clothes,Display each limbBut don't go near the water."'A Stanford man narrowly misseddeath when "attempting to open anold rifle not believed to be loaded."It's risky enough nowadays to'.open a bottle at the top, not knowr IntT how it is loaded, but why openr rifie at the other end?5 In Paris we used to fondly fancythat an. Aiglo-Saxon populationwith high traditions of curiosityoonld he trusted not to run downpedestrians, but with the advent ofthe automobile the dominant strainsteamed to become Poland-China.An ordinary honest man is onewho does not want to do anything.that will land him in jail. An extraordinary honest man is one who4oesn' wish to hide his welfare milder a bushel of -false statementswhen making a report to the asses-aor.According to a Harlan dispatch atnan at Dillon was engaged in shoot" ing a man in the back when anotherman began shooting the shooter in"the side. Both projects were entirely successful. If the third factor in the affair has common American luck he will succeed with the. jury without firing a shot.The Kentucky Standard, publish'd at Bardstown, asserts that Nelsoncounty automobilists drive slowlyand carefully and have few accidents. Seems to us that upon thatinformation residence property.-should advance in Bardstown,-where courtesy and common sense-.survive in an age of piggishness andrjspeed mania..Thornwell Tadlock was standingIn front of the Ball Garage theother afternoon admiring the linesof handsome Buick cars, when a red-?faced, puffing Irishman came up andcalling him to one side, said: "Say,jTad, I wants to get a fust-classottyniobile fer me wife, you know,n -the old lady that rules the roost."Wishing; to encourage his prospect-,? castoaaer, Tadlock said, as a;?aattar of business, to ascertain thei taatisur's preference, "Long; body?"XSr .!" responded hisMmr TtoU lady's bailt like abarrel, you know but whut's thatgot to do with it anyway?" ThenTadlock hastened to explain.A Lexington school teacher whosent a girl pupil home for wearingknickerbockers to school is quoted assaying that it would be all right forten girls to wear them. The upperten, for instance?A Kentucky attorney declared incourt that the law supposes no mana bootlegger until it catches himwith the goods. As Mr. Bumble remarked, "If the law supposes thatthe law is an ass, an idiot."Paris bachelor says: "Equality,accepted in principle, has not yetbecome established. A man stillthinks of himself as accomplished ofhe knows how to order a good meal,and believes no woman accomplishedwho does not know how to cook one.Once upon a time jGeraldine Farrar remarked that "Grand Dukesare'nt worth a darn," and now Ganna Walska, another opera singer,who is reported to be engaged toHarold McCormick, exclaims: "Darnthe reporters." Thus it will be seenthat, while the road may be longand the climbing hard, an humblenewspaper man may attain to astatus superior to a Grand Duke.A sharp controversy has brokn outin Paris, (Ky.) as to whether themembers of the Paris baseball clubof the Bluegrass League are playingon the square, or on the diamond.At any rate, what they need is agood prodding to remind some oftheir ardent defenders that they aremere men and not gods or social ornaments. How can Paris be expected to adjust its other difficulties until this problem is solved?oNEWBERRY AND NEWBERRITESTwo of the 'men who voted to retain Truman H. Newberry fromMichigan in a purchased seat in theSenate have already been eliminatedfrom that body Harry S. New, ofIndiana and Porter J. McCumber, ofNorth Dakota. Others like Galder;of New York, France, of Maryland,Frelinghuysen, of New Jersey, Kellogg, of Minnesota, and Townsend,of Michigan, are on their way to theeliminator, with good prospectsthat there will be several others after November.With New and McCumber defeated and with the people's headsmenstalking behind the other SenatorialNewberryites, who are up for reelection, the beneficiary of all thistreachery to the public interests andthe Republican party, Senator Newberry himself sits smilingly andcomfortably in his seat in the Senate Chamber with the assurance ofseveral more years of political life,or until the new Senators electedthis fall meet in the next regularsession, when it is highly probablethat the word Newberry will besome synomymous with raspberry.oHITCHCOCK, FAITHFUL SENATOR RENOMINATEDThe renomination of United StatesSenator Gilbert M. Hitchcock, ofNebraska, by an overwhlming plurality is a fine tribute to that able,outstanding, progressive DemocraticSenator and the best assurance thathis State and the Nation at Washington are fully appreciated athome. His vast experience andknowledge of legislation coupledwith his 'qualities of leadership assures Nebraska a prominent and enviable place in national affairs aslong as he remains in the Senate.While the Republicans are repudiating and discarding Senators whohave served only the reactionary element of their party here at the expense of the country, the renomination of Senator Hitchcock by such agreat vote as he received is a refreshing contrast, and shows thatthe people are willing and anxiousto reward faithful service to. theirinterests instead of to their enemies.oCHEAP CARS BENEFIT UNDERNEW AUTO IAWKentucky will get an increaserevenue from automobile licensesnext year, the fees on the heavierand more expensive cars being raised slightly, while those on thelighter and less expensive machinesare reduced, officials believe, undera law passed by the last session ofof the General Assembly. The Statewill lose approximately $60,000 inrevenue on Fords alone, or about $1for each type it is figured, -but thenew horsepower hundred weight lawwill result in increases on other carswhich will more than make up the$60,000. The new law provides 25cents per horsepower, as well as 25cents for each hundred weight ofthe car. The measure, when introduced in the Legislature, was opposed by the Louisville AutomobileClub on the ground that it wouldcause conf usionx and also that itincrease automobile taxation as awhole. Under the old law, whichtaxed cars according to horsepoweronly, it often happened that expensive machines with a low horsepower rating; were taxed less thancheaper and lifittr macfiiiesTy-MPROVED UMFOftM OTEXNATI0IULSimdaySchool' Lesson T(B7'REV. P. B. FITZWATER, D. D.,Teacher of English -Bible in the MoodyBible Institute of Chicago.)Copyright. It 11. Weatera Newspaper Unloa.LESSON FOR AUGUST 13ESTHER SAVES HER PEOPLE1XJBBON TEXTBsther 3:1-9:32.GOLJEN TEXT The righteous crjr,and the Lord heareth, and dellvereththem out of all thplr trouble. Psalm 84:17.REFERENCE MATERIAL Matt. 30:3028; Rom. 6:8-10; 12:1. 2.PRIMARY TOPIC A Brave YoungQueen.JUNIOR TOPIC Esther, the BraveQueen. ,INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICA Heroine Worthy of Imitation.YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICRendering Sacrificial Service.I. Haman's Wicked Plot Against theJews (3:1-4:3).1. The occasion of (ch. 3). Mordecai refused to bow down to Hamanwhom the king had elevated to theplace of prime minister and t commanded that reverence should beshown him by all the princes andservants. In order to get rid of Mordecai Haman formulated a schemeand secured the king's endorsement todestroy all the Jews.2. Fasting and mourning among theJews (4:1-3). In their distress theysought the Lord. They did that whichall those who believe in God had aright to do (Jas. 5:13).!ll. Haman Checkmated (4:4-7:10).1. Plot made known to Esther (w.4-8). Mordecai appeared before theking's gate clothed in sackcloth. Thiscondition was reported to Esther byher maids and chamberlains. Uponhis refusal to "put away mourningEsther sent Hatach, her special attendant, to find out the cause of it.2. Message to Esther (v. 8). Thiswas in the form of a charge that shego unto, the king and make requestfor her" people.3. Esther's hesitancy (w. 9-12).This was on the ground of a certainlaw which made it a capital offensefor anyone to come into the king'spresence unbidden unless the kingshould extend clemency by holdingout the golden scepter. The fact thatEsther had not been calle"d to comein for thirty days would seem that thequeen was in disfavor.4. Mordecai presses her obligation(w. 14, 15). (1) Her own life wasinvolved (v. 13). She might meetdeath if she went to the king unbidden,but most certainly she would meetdeath if she made no effort to avertthe danger. Being in the king's housewould not save her, for the decree hadbeen made against the race of whichshe was a part. Her silence on thisoccasion would mean death. (2) Shewas not God's last resort (v. 14). Heargues that deliverance would comefrom another source. God's work goeson and His purposes are fulfilled regardless of the decisions of men. (3)Reminds her that she had probablybeen raised up for this very work(v. 14). Every one has been born andprepared for some definite work.God's providence brings us into theparticular circumstances where wecan most definitely do His will.5. Esther meets the call of duty(4:15-5:3). (1) Preparation by fasting (v. 16). She instructed Mordecaito gather together all the Jews in Shushan and fast for her for three daysand nights. She with her maidi didthe same. (2) Went into the presence of the king (5 :l-3). Having' madethe decision to do her duty regardlesstf consequences, after due preparationby fatting and prayer, ihe presentedhenelf in royal apparel in the presence of the king. .She decided that thebelt thing she could do was to lay herUfa. on the altar. 'If I perish, Iperish" ought to be our watchwordwhen face to fact with duty. (3) King'spromise to Bather (t. 3). He assuredher that her desire would be grantedeven to the half of his kingdom.6. Haman hanged X5:4:7:10.Esther was shrewd as well as courageus. She Invited the king and hisprime minister to a banquet At thisbanquet she proposed another for thefollowing day, at which time shepromised to make known to the kingher request Haman went homejubilant, but that night something occurred which turned the tide. Theking discovered that no reward hadbeen granted Mordecai for havingsaved his life. Haman is compelled toexalt Mordecai, and at the secondfeast the queen revealed his wickedtreachery and he is ordered hangedon the gallows which he had preparedfor Mordecai.III. The Jews Delivered (chs. 8, 9).Haman was dead, but the decreeagainst the Jews still stood. Estherplead that It be reversed. While itcould not be reversed, through herinfluence another decree was sent outwhich in a large measure counteracted the first. The Jews everywherewere granted the privilege to defendthemselves and destroy their enemies.The Parting of the Ways.And if it seem evil unto you to servethe Lord, choose you this day whomye will serve; but as for me andmyhouse, we will serve the Lord. Joshua24:15.For Cowards to Lie.Lie not, neither to thyself, nor man,nor God. It is not for cowards to lie.Herbert.y- Business.The playthings of our, elders artmUU basinesa. St. Aunistimt,IMPORTANT NOTICE TO PAT-EONS OF POSTOFHCE -Postmasters all over the countryare being warned by the PostofficeDepartment at Washington againstcertain practices indulged in by patrons of the office, against the ruleand regulations of the service.Postmaster J. Walter Payne has asked THE NEWS to give publicity tothe following, which embodies themeat of the matter, as taken fromthe official circulars from the Postoffice Department:"Complaints continue to he received that some postmasters acceptparcels to be sent C. O. D., bearinglabels which state that the parcelsmay be examined before deliveryand payment of the C. O. D. charges,notwithstanding that this has beenprohibited from the beginning of theC. O. D. service. In connection withthis complaint it has been reportedto the Department that certain firmsor individuals advertise to prospective patrons that their merchandisemay be sent by mail, C. O. D., withthe privilege of examination beforeacceptance and the payment of theC. O. D. charges. Parcels bearinglabels making this "mistatementshould not be accepted for mailing.Postmasters are required to reportany parcels coming within theirnotice bearing labels making thismisstatement, furnishing a descriptions of the parcels; also to reportthe names of any firms or individuals using such labels or advertisingin any newspaper or periodical thatthe Postoffice Department will permit examination of the contents ofany C. O. D. parcel to be made beforedelivery of the parcels and the payment of the C. O. D. charges by theaddressee They are also required tofurnish a copy of the label or advertisements and the name and date ofthe publication in which they appear." "Judging from the numerous reports reaching the Department concerning the placing of illegal inclosures in parcels mailed at the fourthclass rate of postage, it is evidentthat postmasters are not exercisingproper precautions to stop the practice and prevent the loss of revenueresulting therefrom, as well as theannoyance and inconvenience towhich the addresses are subjected onaccount of being called upon to paythe dehcient postage in tnpse instances where the irregularitiesare discovered. Theseillegal inclosures consist of instructions for making clothes, repairs to be made to articles such ashats, fountain pens, jewelry, etc.,directions as to the developmentand printing of photographic films,unauthorized additions to invoices,etc. It has also been found that insome instances illegal inclosures areplaced in sealed parcels mailed atfourth class rates of postageAll concerned are cautioned to bemore careful in this respect andkeep on the lookout for such violations. The attention of patronsshould be called to the provisions ofthe Postal Rules which set forth thepermissable additions to and inclosures with fourth class matter, andpatrons should be advised that whenthey desire to send with a parcelof fourth class matter a communication, instructions, or other writtenmatter not constituting a permissable addition or inclosure under thelaw, this may be done by placingthe communication or other matterJn an envelope prepaid at thefirst-class rate.CAPITAL NOTES LAW OF SUPPLYAND DEMANDEconomists and statisticians inthe Nation's Capital are pointingout an odd example of the workingof the law of supply and demand.So vast are the forces involved inthe operation of the law that it isnot usually easy to see them exceptin the perspective of much elapsedtime. But the result of the strikeshas contracted this period so thatthe entire operation can be seen ina single example.' Lack of coal in this country hascaused, a sudden demand upon British coal mines, which in turn caused a sudden rush for ships to carrythe coal to the United States. Theimmediate result has been an increase in ocean freight rates fromEngland to the United Statesamounting to a hundred and fiftyper cent, or from seven to seventeenshillings a ton.A ship's journey is there andback. The unusual amount offreight space available for the return journey has caused a greatI drop in freight rates for the transportation of grain from the UnitedStates to Europe which has beenaided by the inability of Americanrailroads, to move grain deliveriesat shipping ports, due, of course, torailroad strike. In England, muchcoal, a demand from America, andinsufficient ships send freight ratesup. In America, too many shipsand a scarcity of cargoes end freightrates down 11", with the prospectof going to 10 cents, which figureis much below pre-war minimum.(,ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the conrenitaot of users of adding machines, abit; stock of paper rolls.. These rollsart xaadt of the best bond paper andart absolutely free fro Hat- Totarn' buy froav oat to a cast. Let as Jbare atrial' trstr. "(11-tt) TH BOUMON HMWU.maps fromY PRESSA man in London tried to hanghimself. He was a poor hand at it,but he died just the same. The doctor testified that there was no signof death by strangulation, so theCoroner duly brought in a verdict of"sucicide by auto-suggestion," thefirst of its kind on record. The the-t.t ti4- !, mnn Anlt-rrnA Via -mvo auij is i.uai iuc uiau uciicicu uo naohanging himself, because he had ahandkerchief looped over the bedpost and about his neck, and thatthe conviction that he was beingstrangled ssucceeded in killing him.It is not thought that killing one'sself by thinking one is dead willbecome popular!London also is responsible for thestory of William Skinner, a sailor,who lost his life in the battle ofJutland. When his body was recovered the usual brass identification disc was taken from his neck.On the reverse of it, in words so finethey require a microscope for reading, is his will, leaving his all tohis wife. This, the smallest andmost unique will in the annals oflaw, has just been admitted to probate in the London courts.' The , first erial stowaway hassafely made his flight. One, MikeStone, of Detroit, concealed himselfin the mail compartment of theaeromanne eleven-passenger plane iflying regularly from Detroit toCleveland, went to sleep, and wokeup when the motors roared. Hecouldn't make his presence knownuntil the motors stopped, across thelake in Cleveland.' In Northern Montana, near Glacier National Park, is a colony of amillion marmots. These little animals make a curious noise, something between a yelp and a whistle.It is proposed to broadcast theirchorus via radio, that wireless"fans" of America may hear thelargest aggregation of animal voicesin the world tuning up in a naturalsymphony.KENTUCKY CLUB AT CHAUTAUQUA At a meeting on July 24 of theKentucky Club of Lake Chautauqua.N. Y., there were eighty memberspresent. The object of the club isto send each year a Kentucky ffirlto Chautauqua, giving her a schol-arship. At this meeting a vote waspassed to send a young girl fromthe Eastern Kentucky mountains.Mrs. Blakemore is president of theclub and Mrs. Emma Graves Price,secretary and treasurer.wflA MISTAKEN IMPRESSION' In a list published in many papersof names of stockholders of theBourbon Oil & Development Company who have been called upon bythe Receiver to return the dividendspaid themt the names of Mr. andMrs. James Moreland, of Paris, weregiven.Mr. and Mrs. Moreland were listed as having $600 each. This, theysay, is a mistake, as the checks fortheir dividends have never beencashed.The ' Paraguay river of SouthAmerica is 1,800 miles in length.oGreen has always been consideredthe emblem of fickleness.INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:65 a0m.1:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. xn.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a, xn.4:05 p. xn.5:05 p. xn.8:05 p. xn.7:05 p. xn.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. xn.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. xm.7:00 a. xa.8:00 a. m.f :00 a. xa.10:00 a. xa.11:00 a. xa.12:00 xa.1:00 p. xa.2:00 . n.3:00 p. xa.4:00 p. xa.5:00 p. s.:00 9. xn.7:it p. m.9:10 p. m.ii:uu p. xn.Cash Fart, 60c; Ticket Fart, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book.$12.00. Tickets, tingle trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)STlAKftlTfiCPUBLIC SALEOpDES1RBALE RENT PROPERTYWednesday, Aug. 16, at 2 P.ON THE PREMISESAs agents for the undersigned we will offer to the highest and bestbidder the following values in investment properties:2 o'clock, No. 1 Is a house of 4 rooms, located on Scott avenue,just below the Maysville crossing. Has gas in the house for heating andlighting purposes, water in the yard, and a good garden in the rear.2:30 o'clock, No. 2 la a house of 4 rooms, heated and lighted bygas, water in the kitchen, and a good garden in the rear. This property is located on Higgins avenue, near the City High School, and within a short distance of the business section of the town.Either of these properties willmake you a good investment foryour money. When money is invested in real estate you may depend onit to bring in the Interest. You want this property, and if you waatit, we want you to have it. Buy to sell, rent or live in. but bayThese, houses are for sale, regardless of the price.HARRIS, SPSAKES HARRIS will furaisa iaforxaation.- M;MR..AND MM.JL.J ITJRUnr, Owaer. v -Both Phoats Camb. 4St, Hoste. 84. . (aag t-ll-ll)Adiiistrator's Ntiitt!All persons having1 claims agaimstthe estate of Caesar Steveasoa. dceased, the hereby notified to presentI same, properly proven, as requiredJ by law, to the undersigned admlnit-j JJtor' Jor adlnatment and Mmmt.. .. . . ... Jf. . . , -I " ," lc6 Ailiii., Tl Xii WO UAJ.4.CU.All persons knowiag themselvesindebted to the estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, are hereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make 'full amiprompt settlement of such Indebtedness. CHARLES HUGHES,Administrator.(28-3wks)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBEBS-4T1Modem EanSpmemtExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSITPARIS, KYBtgan Business Jan. 3y 1916jCAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiaer, President3. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. WJ&itohell, CashierJno. W. Yerkee, Asa't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921!BMGHTEICVivmrNCrJust HistoryI 71 ,;The Colonial DamsSpun her clothBy Ctmdle flamt.In 1860In Crinoline bright, I 'She greeted htr gmtfts : 'By Coal Oil Kght !And later on,How time dots ftuHer hoat was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Jmst presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)AMRADERSA- ---s-AJV ve.3 .-.vvi. IW" ., ft, ' ., a. -"Aftsj?"V"a . vm '-V-s h3'vjv?ggr."fttfStoVAFRIDAY, AUGUST 11; 1922THE BOURBON NBWS, PARIS, KENTUCKlFA"i f3SR 4TOWN PESTSfir wiBlfHAWSSPOBTING WHITER- PRAISESBOURBON HOBSEMAN( The Town Dog, he barks at Callersand makes Friends with Tramps,chases Cats, scares Li'l Girls, digsHoles in the Flower Bed, starts rowdyStreet Fights, Tracks up the KitchenFloor, fills ihe Yard with Junk andBones, and wakes Folks up at Nighthowling at the Moon.TO ABANDON CAMP KNOXTroop movements from CampHenry Knox, preparatory to theeventual abandonment of approximately two-thirds of the reservationwill begin October 1, according toofficial plans lor the military hegira,announced at the camp.Recommendations of a board ofhigh army officials upon which action of the war department willlargely depend have been made, andurge the abandonment of all but onebrigade area of the camp. Thisdoes not mean that the governmentwill sell any of the property. Onthe contrary the camp acreage willhe held intact and only the buildingson the abandonment territory willbe locked and sealed.At a conference held by GeneralGeorge W. Read, commanding thefifth, crops area, and Brigadier General Dwight E. Aultman, commander of Camp Knox, it was decided tomarch all the units now on the reservation to their future stations.BHEUHATISHDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can. beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Mlwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oHOW IT ALWAYS ENDSWriting in the Louisville Timesof recent date under the nom delume "Cedric," a prominent sporting1 writer gives the following estimateof Omar Khayyam and his produce,from the Claiborne Farm of ArthurB. Hancock, near Paris:"The Ascot of America from aracegoer's point of view and theNewmarket from a thoroughbredbreeder's outlook is the August Saratoga meeting. Here East meetsWest and the keenest rivalry is displayed both on the race track and inthe sale ring. Every champion hashis day on the tracks and newchampions are always turning upunexpectedly at this meeting, but inthe sale ring the prestige of theKentucky thoroughbred, and especially of the world renowned 'Bluegrass' raising, has reigned supremefrom time immemorial. And, rightlyso, for no stretch of country produces such magnificant specimens of'Babes of the Turf," as does Kentucky. Moreover, nowhere in theworld will one find in one area aslarge as this State more money expended nor more noted breeders andowners engaged in the horse breeding industry."Fashion, which is fickle, and pub-,lie opinion, which if anything isstill more fickle, decree that certainstock should bring bigger pricesthan other stock and it is very difficult for a breeder to offer for salefor successive years the class ofstock that will continuously sellwell. However, it can be said withsafety, Judging by past results, thatArthur B. Hancock, of Paris, Ky.,has established a reputation for always producing the 'goods' and although he also has a breeding establishment in "Virginia, he is lookedupon as one of tne leading breedersof Kentucky."Believing strongly in the continual introduction of the best of imported blood to cross with the maresand sires of the States, Mr.Hancock has carried out this principle fully and this accounts in nosmall degree for his remarkable success in the breeding world. Alwaysin first-class condition, his yearlingsstand out on this account and because of their superlative breedingand the quality they display. Thisyear's youngsters which were shipped to the Saratoga sales, are no exception to this rule unless it may besaid of the Omar Khayyams that noone stallion ever produced a betterlooking first crop."Omar Khayyam represents inAmerica what Captain Cuttle doesin England, as they both are Derbywinners and both are descendants ofthe famous Matchem line of thoroughbreds, going back to the Godolphin Arabian. Omar Khayyam is ason of Marco, who, through the unbeaten Irish-bred Baracaldine, is aa grandson of Solon and thus back toWest Australian and Melbourne.Captain Cuttle, this year's EnglishDerby winner, is a great grandsonof Marco."oPERSONALSIt seems as if the old farmer wasright after all.The story was told at the WhiteHouse the other day, and it was. particularly fitting that it should betold there at the time.Naturally, the twin strikes werethe subject of conversation. Andthey recalled the story of the oldfarmer.After a particularly wet spell theson of the soil was asked by astranger Hn his midst: "Do you thinkit's ever going to stop raining?""Well." drawled the old farmer,"it always has."Meaning that when anyone askedat the White House if the strikeswould be settled they got the confident reply that "they always havebeen."oL. & N. FREIGHT DEPOT BURNEDAT KNOVHIERELICS TOR PIONEER DAYS FORSTATE FAIR. .Fire of unknown origin Sundaydestroyed the freight stationof the Louisville & Nashville Railroad and twenty empty box cars inthe yards. The loss is estimated at500,000.William C. Boome, Deputy StateFire Commissioner, declared thathe believed the fire to be of incendiary origin. He said an investigation would be started.Firemen were handicapped becauseof low water pressure, due to a misunderstanding of orders.Relics of pioneer days of-" Kentucky are being rapidly gatheredfor the Old Kentucky Home exhibitat the Kentucky State Fair, thelatest pieces of historical furnitureto be acquired being a sideboardowned by Simon" Kenton's sisterand a chair from the home of Governor Isaac Shelby. These articleswere in active service during theperiod between 1780 and 1810, andwere found by Mrs. Samuel G. Boyle,of Louisville, who has been commissioned by W. C. Hanna and his associates on the State Fair Board, tofurnish the building.The funds for the constructionwere donated by the Kentucky Jockey Club. The building now nearing completion, depicts the typicallog mansion, such as dotted thecountryside of Kentucky about theyear 1790 and rapidly increasing innumber during the next decade.The model for the log mansion being built at the fair grounds is stillstanding in Green county in an excellent state of preservation despiteits 135 years. The house is a twostory structure consisting of a parlor, sitting room, dining room onthe first floor connected with thekitchen by an open porch or "dogtrot," as it was called in the quaintlanguage of that day.oHEREF0RDS VS. SHORTHORNSLEASES GEORGETOWN OPERAHOUSEThe Georgetown opera house hasbeen leased by Harrison Scott, thepresent operator, for a period of fiveyears. When Mr. Scott went toGeorgetown from Lexington he onlyleased the building for a period ofone year, but has made the five yearlease and will offer first-class attractions to the community. Mr.Scott is a prominent man in theatricals in the State and was connected with the opera house at Lexington before going to Georgetown.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your conrenience we are nowcarrying a atoekJehebet addingmachine rlim d. cm tfiy youwKhone or ) dose at a tine. Thisit a tne linen bond panendUabo4tsb bourbon jnewi.For many years the Shorthornsheld undisputed sWay in Kentucky,but now the Herefords vie withthem for beef cattle supremacy.Th,e State is recognized leadr in thebreeding of the two types of beefcattle, and royally bred specimensbring honors to Kentucky in worldcompetition in the show rings.Some years ago an effort wasmade to introduce and popularize,another beef breed, the AberdeenAngus, or "black cattle," as theysometimes are called. Their success.Miss Mary Rourke 1s a guest offriends and relatives in Liberty, Indiana. Miss Helen Cain has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. P. Gantley, inMaysville.Miss Almeda Morrison is visiting Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Cameron, inCovington.Mrs. Laura Wiggins is visitingher daughter, .Mrs. Overton Harber,and Mr. Harber, in Richmond.Charles Chappell, of Baltimore,Md., is visiting his mother, Mrs.Anna Chappell, on Seventh street.Miss Florence Caufield, of Louisville, -is a guest of Miss DorothyBullock at Seventh and Main streets.Miss Catherine Belle Mclntyre has returned to her home inFlemingsburg after a visit to friendsin this city.- Mrs Ruby Arnsparger, of Paris,was a guest this week of her sister, Mrs. T. Porter Smith, and Mr.Smith, in Georgetown.Mrs. Russell Mann and Mrs.Sallie McMillan have returned froma visit to the latter's sister, Mrs.Sannie Bean, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. John Markland,of Paris, were called to Owingsvilleby the serious illness of Mr. Markland's father, Nathaniel Markland.f Miss Johnetta Farrow has returned to her home in Lancaster after a visit to Miss Mary FrancesCampbell, at her home on Highstreet.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson,Jr., and little "daughter have returried to their home at Allensville,Ala., after a visit to relatives inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Pennelliand family have returned to theirhome in Homestead, Florida, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. N. H. Fletcher,near North Middletown.Mrs. James T. Ware and son,Wm. T. Ware, of Danville, motoredto Paris, Tuesday, to spend the weekas guests of friends and relatives inParis and the county.Miss Caroline Williams Perry, ofNew York, who is visiting her sister,rMs. Frank P. Lowry, and Mr. Lowry, is spending a few days in Lexington as guest of Miss Leigh GordonGiltner.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Swangoand daughter, Miss Eleanor Swango,leave to-day ,for a motor trip toClark's Lake, in Michigan, wherethey have leased a cottage for a twoweeks' sojourn.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. F. Behrmanand children have returned to theirhome in Norwood, Ohio, after a visitto the former's sister, Mrs. J. W.Bacon, and Mr. Bacon, at their homeon Cypress street.Mrs. D. C. Dunnigan and children, of Winchester, and Mrs. ElmerDetherage, of Richmond, have returned to their homes after a visitto Mrs. Harry Collins and Mrs. Jas.J. Haggard, in this city.Maj. and Mrs. Henry T. Burgin,of Leavenworth, Kans., are guestsof the former's sister, Mrs. HarryKerslake, and brother, Fred Burgin,in this city. They are enroute toWashington, D. C, where they willmake their home for the present.Mrs. J. W. Cooper, of Winchester, entertained with a dining at herhome in that city, in honor of MissNancy Johnson and Eldred Richards,of Paris. A color scheme of pinkand yellow was very effectivelyused in the dining room decoration.Eighteen guests enjoyed the dining.W. T. Buckner, Ben Woodford,Sr., and Clay Gaitskill left Tuesdayfor their camp in 'Powell county fora two-weeks' stay. Later in theweek they will be joined by BrutusClay, Benj. Woodford, Jr., Dr. SilasEvans. Woodford Buckner, FrankBuchanan and others.Prof. E. M. Costello, of NorthMiddletown, accompanied formerLieut-Gov. E. J. McDermott, of Louisville, to Richmond, where theywere guests of Hon. J. A. Sullivan.Mr. McDermott delivered a greatlyappreciated address to the studentsof the Eastern Kentucky NormalSchool.Mrs. Reynolds Letton entertained at her country home in honorof Dr. and Mrs. James A. Orr, ofParis. Those who enjoyed her hospitality were Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Orr,Dr. and Mrs. Charles G. Daugherty,Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Smith, Dr. andMrs. R. R. McMillan, Mr. and Mrs.C M. McGhee and William R. Blakemore. Mr. and Mrs. Ernest C. Arnoldand Mr. and Mrs. Robert J. Smarthave returned from their honeymoontrip, and for the present are at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Arnold and Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Smart,of Hutchison. They were recentguests at an elabooate six-o'clockdinner given in Paris at the home ofMr and Mrs. Ollie Patterson.Mr, and Mrs. George R. Burberry, Clyde, Jean and Mary Burberry,, of Centerville, Mr. and Mrs,Cleveland 'Wilson, Miss Allie McLeQd and George McLeod, of Hutchison, and Miss Mayme Plummer, ofParis, compose a party making anautomobile tour to New York,Paris in their auto, and will spendseveral weeks in this section.Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Redmonhave returned from a two-weeks'stay at Crab Orchard Springs.Mrs. Clyde Fonte, of Montgomery, West Va, is a guest of hercousin, Mrs. J. F. Trisler, on Eighthstreet.Mrs. John H. Moran has returned to her home in Cincinnatiafter a visit to friends and relativesin Paris. 'Mr. and "Mrs. W. S. Haggardand family are at home from a twoweeks' sojourn at Crab OrchardSprings.Miss Nannie Gorham, of Louisville, is a guest of Mrs. RedmonTalbott, at her home on the Harrod'sCreek pike, near Paris.Miss Anna Roberts, of Hastings, New York, is a guest of Mrs.Louis Rogers, at her home on ' theLexington pike, near Paris. ,Mrs. Wm. Howard, Sr., of Car-'lisle, is visiting Mrs. B. F. Knox, 'formerly Miss Julia Howard, of,Paris, at Manassas, Virginia.Sheriff and Mrs. M. Peale Col-jlier, their son and daughter, and IMiss MamiP T.on "RnlrlYiM'n Ttintnrofl r !Louisville, Wednesday, for a visit ofseveral days to friends and relatives.Dr. R. R. McMillan, Wm, B. Ardery, Clarence Kenney, Amos Turrney, A. D. Perkins, Rudolph Davis)Maj. Henry T. Burgin, Mrs. Burgin and Mrs. Harr Kerslake motored to Danville, Tuesday, to attendthe Danville Gun Club shoot.(Other Personals on Page 53BENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Go'sFor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITSVEGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONELOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROADANNOUNCES ROUND TRIPEXCURSION FARE$1.62 PARIS, KY., TOEWING, KY.ACCOUNTFLEMING COUNTY FAIRTickets on sale August 16th to 19th inclusive. Ticketsgood for return to reach Paris, Ky., before midnightAugust 21st. For further or detailed information, applyto local ticket agent.Try Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTA?M?A-nnouncmgA whollyTV&w; line of cars built on time-triedBuick principles but with improvements andrefinements wliicK make their introductionan event of nation-wide interest.14 Distinctive ModelsAstonishing Values and PricesSIX CYLINDER MODELS236-41 Tour. Sedan, 5 pass. $193523-644 Roadster, 2 pass. - 117523645 Touring, 5 pass. - 119523-647 Sedan, 5 pass. - - 198523648 Coupe, 4 pass. - 189523-6-9 Touring, 7 pass. - 143523650 Sedan, 7 pass. - 219523654 Sport Roaci, 3 pass. $162523-6-55 Sport Tour., 4 pass. 1675FOUR CYLINDER MODELS23-4-34 Roadster, 2 pass. - 86523-4-35 Touring, 5 pass. 88523-4-36 Coupe, 3 pass. - 117523-4-37 Sedan, 5 pass. - - 1395234-38 Tour. Sedan, 5 pass. 1325All Price F. O. B. Flint, Michigani Ask about the G. M. A. C. Purchase Plan which provides for Deferred PaymentsSee These New Buick Cars Now at Our ShowroomD-2.NPtc.S. BALL GARAGEKotirtti and Pleasant StreetsWHEN LTIER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WELL BUILD THEM1 - T i. i . ... .- ouwiuuuuKmiwvif xxcta not Kept pace witn the Washington. D. C. Atlantic City,bhortnorns ana Herefords, which 'and other points' of interest in the!have made the State famous in beef East jcattle animals.Around the San Juan River, inColumbia, is located the greatestplatim .icld yet discovered.' io m. Tke first lumacylawj3 in Eaglamdwere Made im tke reiga of Biwardin. 'Mr. and Mrs. Dan McMil. jWalker McMillan and daughter,Miiss Helen Elizabeth McMillan, ofLittle Rock, Ark., formerly ofGeorgetown, were recent gueets ofMr. and Mrs. J. S. Raskins, near"Austerlitx. This' is their first Tisitto featuckjr in fifteen fears TheyTHI LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each H.ttt of loan pays both principal and intereetiNO COMMISSIONS . NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit RankTrust Co. - Pari, or "NorthMiddletown Depoeit Batik,North MssTenot0WnvKestockyJoiitStckUaJBkSacaritr Tratt BMft-wmmmmmmmm-m! $L tO I-,Mil i .jyfrw. .fVtVL. Jwts-a' .Vl6f made the trip from Little Rock torc' ct'4SAA t'..'.&&y,, -"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYC AGK FOURj iFRIDAY, AUGUST 11, 1122. C!LODGE NOTESThe Odd Fellows' Dancing Club'Will entertain with a dance on Friday, August 18, at the I. O. 0. F.lodge room, corner of Fifth andICaln streets for the members andtheir families.Imperial Encampment No. 68, I.O. O. F., is planning to have work inR. P. Degree and a big banquet onFriday evening, September 1, 1922.The famous degree team of Lexington, will be here to do the work andthose who have seen this team workknow that it is worth going miles togee. All members of the encampment are requested to attend regular and help us get ready for thisbig event.WM. BOWLING, Scribe.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,a jet pin. Finder return to THEBOURBON NEWS office, and receivereward. (It)RELIGIOUSA Rtsnme of Events In ReligionsCircles For Iresent andFuture(The ministers of the churchesin Paris and the county are requested to send THE NEWS by noon onThursday of each "week their churchnotices for publication in Friday'sNEWS. It is the earnest desire ofTHE NEWS to publish the announcements of the city and county'churches, and the co-operation ofthe pastors is urged. We want tomake our religious column completeand up-to-date.) Ed.WANTED.Two more girls for Saturdayonly. Chance to work Saturdayswhen schools starts.(ll-2t) S. H. KRESS & CO.MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMrs. Lizzie Brown PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Elizabeth K. Brown, Etc. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, on.SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1922,.at the front door of the court house,in Paris, Bourbon County, Kentucky,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m-i Will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder, the following desppibed property?" Lot No. i, fronts 50 feet oni Winchester Street, and extendsI back southward the same width200 feet, and is described thus:Beginning at the western corner of Burnett's lot on Winchester street, and running westwardly with Winchester street 50 feet;thence in a southerly direction200 feet; thence easterly to Burnett's line. 50 ft.; thance alongBurnett's line 200 ft. more or less,to the point of beginning, making a lot 50 feet front and 200feet deep adjoining Burnett onthe east, and lot No. 2 herein onthe west and south and having adwelling and other improvementsthereon.Lot No. 2, fronts 50 feet onWinchester street, and is described as follows.Beginning on Winchester streetat western corner of lot No. 1,and running thence along Winchester street in a westerly direction 50 feet to line of Harris &Speakes; thence with their lineand Minogue's line in a southerlydirection 568 feet, more or less;thence in an easterly direction100 feet; thence in a northerly direction 342 feet, to southwestcorner of lot No. 1, and where lotNo. 1 and Burnett's lot corner;thence with the rear line of south-- era line of lot No. 1, 50 feet in awesterly direction; thence withthe western line of lot No. 1 toWinchester street, 200 feet, moreor less, to the point of beginning.A passway beginning at Winchester street, and running alongthe line between lots No. 1 and 2a distance of 80 feet and 8 feetwide is reserved for the use oflots 1 and 2. The 8 feet of widthconsists of a strip 4 feet wide offof lot No. 1, running along itswestern line a distance of 80 feettrom Winchester street, south,and the remaining 4 feet consistsof a strip of land 4 feet wide offof lot No. 2, running from Win-Chester street along the westernline of lot No. l 80 feet, the pass1 way thus occupying two adjoining strips of ground each four feet' wide taken off of lots 1 and 2 respectively, along the western lineof lot No. 1 from Winchesterstreet, in a southerly direction 80feet.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds"with, good and approved surety, foreejial parts of the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively andfceariag- interest at the rate of sixper otnt ( ) per annum from dateof sale until paid, said bonds to have'the .force and effect of judgments.Tfce two lots above described will beSOW Separately.Sap sale is made f er the purposeof rejpnreirtsnsnt. . ;r ' u -mmm niwhpii js4?. ;- -Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian church,is conducting a two-weeks' .revivalmeeting at the Owingsville Christianchurch, beginning last Mondaynight.Rev. G. W. Nutter, pastor ofthe Millersburg Christian church,is conducting a revival meeting atthe Jackstown church, beginninglast Sunday. Services are held at7:45.Rev. W. E. Ellis will conductthe services at the Paris Christianchurch Sunday morning at 10:45,and at 7:30 in the evening. The pastor will discuss at the morning service, "Paying Our Debt To BartonStone." The evening hour will be'an evangelistic service. Good singing. All cordially invited.Rev. C. C. Jarrell. who heldthe revival meeting at the Methodistchurch last February, will occupythe pulpit of that church next Sunday at 10.45 a. m. Dr. Jarrell willbe welcomed to Paris by a largenumber of friends made while herelast winter. The Sunday schoolwill meet at 9:30 a. m. and the Ep-worth League will hold its session at6:45 p. m. There will be no preaching at night.The Rev. T. L. Hulse, of Henderson, Ky., has been elected tosucceed the Rev. W. E. Arnold aseditor of the Central Methodist, theofficial organ of the Kentucky andLouisville Conferences of the Methodist church. The Rev. Mr. Hulseis presiding elder of the Hendersondistrict. He will take charge of thepublication about September 20.The Rev. Mr. Arnald will accept anappointment in the Kentucky conference.The standard training schoolfor Christian workers held its firstsession of the year Monday in Winchester, With an enrollment of 62.This school is being held at Kentucky Wesleyan College for Christian workers from the eastern partof the State. Out of town studentsare being taken care of at the Wesleyan domitories. Bishop U. V. Darlington is lecturing every night at7:30 and the public is invited to attend these lectures. Dennis V.Snapp, of Paris, is in charge of theenrollment and registry bureau forthe meeting.The Rose Hill church, in thiscounty, has been completed and theformal dedication services will beheld Sunday, August 13, at eleveno'clock, a. m. Rev. J. R. Redd, former Presiding Elder of this district,and at present pastor of the Harrodsburg church, will have chargeof the dedicatory services. Therewill be services in the morning, afternoon and evening, with a basketdinner served on the grounds at thenoon hour. On Monday night, August 7, a revival meeting will beginat the church, which will continueevery night until further notice, andthe day services will be announcedMATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings As'The Days Go By -HART COLLINS: Mr. and .Mrs. R. H. Hart, of Stoner avenue, announce the marriageof their daughter, Miss Lucile Ecton Hart, to Mr. Thomas TalbottCollins, of Paris, 'on Thursday, August 10 at the home on Stoner avenue.MUSSER COBB1 James H. Cobb, son of Mr. andMrs. William Cobb, and Miss Martha Musser, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Carl Musser, both of Cynthiana, motored to Paris and weremarried at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor, of the Paris Christian church.They both gave their ages as twenty-one,but on account of the youthful appearance of the bride, Rev.Ellis refused to perform the ceremony until after communicatingwith the bride's parents at Cynthiana and obtaining their consent.Unknown to the youthful couplea number of their friends followedthem to Paris, and during the performance of the ceremony decoratedthe groom's auto with a variety ofplacards bearing appropriate inscriptions and a lot of decorationscomposed ,of tinware offerings. Following the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Cobb left for a short wedding trip.On their return they will go tohousekeeping in Cynthiana. Thebride is a handsome young womanwith a large circle of friends inParis, where she has often visited.BASE BALLYESTERDAY'S GAMESParis, 3; Maysville, 2.Lexington, 5; Cynthiana, 2.Winchester, 2; Mt. Sterling, 7.SATURDAY'S GAMESParis at Mt. Sterling.Cynthiana at Maysville.Winchester at Lexington.SUNDAY'S GAMESMt. Sterling at Paris.Maysville at Cynthiana.Winchester at Paris.With perfect support the Paris(team defeated Maysville by the closemargimof 3 to 2. It was an unsualgame, s neither team made an error. Each team got six hits and a.home boy, Woods, of Paris, got 3 ofthe 6. With this kind of ball playing you can't keep Paris from winning the pennant: Score:Maysville .. ..000100100Paris 00100101XBatteries Maysville, Miner andConnelly; Paris, Blakefield andMacke.Yesterday's victory over Maysvilleplaces the Paris team in the lead, aplace which all hope they will keepto the end of the season.JUNIOR COLLEGE FORCIRLS and YOUNG, WOMENMILLERSBURG COLLEGECatalogue Furnished Located in the beautiful Blue Gr&M Region1 of KntwckyVitHOn Request, Write to new buildings and modern equipment. Offers many indttce-Cf C" ;ei, r r """ " " iwniHiiHwing pucbh wao whb co pce weir riaiighloJier, U U ten in boarding school. Courses or study iaclude grades, collage oreoon-PrtMtdenl.kltilmTMbura.Ku. torv. two years college, music art and exnreaakn. Limited unlu. cboarding pupils insures personal attention to each, fiyninariiim. -imTwgpool, outdoor sports; safe, pleasant ana inspiring home life.g"THE BANK OF SERVICE"No Manlives to himself alone,institution.Neither does anSTIVERS OWENSOne of the surprise weddings ofthe season was that which tookplace in this city, Wednesday morning, at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church, the principals being Miss Edith Stivers, ofParis, and Prof. Anderson DuguidOwens, of Newport. The weddingwas a quiet affair, attended only bymembers of the family and a few intimate friends of the bride.The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. J. Hooker Stivers, of Paris, agraduate of the Paris High School,and of the University of Kentucky.Since her graduation she has beenteaching, first in Newport, later atAshland, and for the past two yearsmember of the Paris High Schoolfaculty. She is considered one ofthe most efficient teachers in Central Kentucky, and is possessed of apersonality that as endeared her toa wide circle of friends. - -'Prof. Owens is a graduate' of theTransylvania College and a memberof the 'Kappa Alpha fraternity. He)served as lieutenant at Camp Gordon, Ga., during the world war, andfor a number of years has been connected with the public schools ofNewport. At the beginning of thenext school term he will assume theduties of Superintendent of the Public schools as Springfield, Ky.Following the ceremony and receiving congratulations from friendsand relatives Prof, and Mrs. Owensleft for a short wedding tour. Aftera visit to relatives they will be athome to their friends in their newhome at Springfield,later.GRASS SEED INDUSTRYHOBART BOSWORTH, IN "WHITEHANDS," MONDAYThe Mammoths and the Winchester Dodgers will play an exhibitiongame at Winchester this afternoon..Tlie game will be called promptly atthree o'clock. Paris fans will go toWinchester to attend the game andlend "their moral support" to theMammoths.Tnfielder Monahan, the most recent addition to the Paris team,hails from West Virginia, where hehas been playing independent ballthis summer. He is a graduate ofthe University of West Virginia, andplayed on the team representingthat college during the springmonths.In pitcher Powell, the WinchesterLtjuxxi cicum lu nave uncovered another Fred Toney, according to Manager uamnitz. Powell is six feetfour inches in height, and weighsover 200 pounds. He is from nearBeattyville, and came to Winchesterfrom the Panama League. It is saidhis speed equals Toney's and hethrows a bewildering underhandcurve.On account of three Mt. Sterlingplayers being crippled from injuriesin recent games the exhibition gamescheduled for Tuesday at LeaguePark, with the Paris team, was declared off.President Thos. A. Russell, of theBlue Grass League, issued noticeTjiesday of the following changes inthe League schedule:August 12 Maysville at Lexington, Winchester at Cynthiana, Parisat Mt. Sterling.-September 2 Lexington at Maysville. September - 21 Winchester atCynthiana.September 23 Maysville at Cynthiana. October 7 Maysville at Cynthiana.IIYour success is our success. The prosperityof the bank but reflects the prosperity ofthis community.Real growth is the result of the spirit ofco-operation and HELPFULNESS.We invite you to use this bank as you woulda strong and resourceful friend.We can be a real factor in your financialgrowth.You will find it lielpful to bank here.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00100NEW ALL WOOLSKIRTSt NEW ACCENTUATED STRIPESPLAIDS AND SOLIDSFRIDAY AND SATURDAY' ONLYThe grass seed is a large industry in Kentucky, and adds to theagricultural importance of the State.The growing of hluegrass and orchard grass seed in the limited areadevoted to the production, and thebusiness represents a large financialproposition.The hluegrass seed industry isconfined to a few counties in Central Kentucky, Bourbon county being the largest producer. Orchardgrass is grown principally in Henry,Oldham, Shelby and a few othercounties in the same locality. Besides being shipped to all parts ofthe United States, much of the seedis exported to foreign countries. Thegrass seed crop is a big agriculturalitem in. the localities devoted to itsraising, and has led to co-operativeassociations of the growers for itsmarketing.- THE PRTMAttlES A JOKEThe primary election system formaking nominations in boundarieslarger than the county demonstratedits inefficiency to a remarkable degree last Saturday. In no county ordistrict in the State, probably, was afull vote cast. A very small minority of the voters named the candidates for Congress in many of thedistricts. There was absolutely nointerest, except in one or two ditricts, and in the race for Judge ofthe Court of Appeals in Judge Hurt'sold district.It would he the sheerest folly tothink of attempting to name theDemocratic ticket for the State offices next year in a primary. A goodold-fashioned convention would domore to put pep in the party thananything we can think, of., Valuable aew dxur plamts havetqMoB T Mfrrer to"ttot m-A woman alone in a nest of crimeon the edge of the Saraba is thetheme of the soul-stirring tale of adventure in which Hobert Bosworthwill make his appearance in "WhiteHands" at the Alamo and GrandMonday afternoon and evening.The story is from the pen of C.Gardner Sullivan, dean of Americanscenaro writers, and gives the stara wide scope for the virile, redblooded acting that has endearedhim to millions of movie-fansthroughout the country. The photoplay abounds in thrills and tensesituations, for it has to do with aruthless sea captain, "HurricaneHardy," and his journey into theGreat Sahara in search of treasure.Mr. Bosworth is supported by anable cast which includes RobertMcKim, Elinor Fair Baby MurielFrances Dana and others. The production is the first independent offering of Max Graf to the screen.oCHURCH LEAGUE STANDINGt Won Lost Pet.Methodist 9Christians 8Presbyterians . . . . 3Baptists 3NOMAL SCHOOL ENDS' The Bourbon County Colored Normal School has closed a most successful session. There were severalcounties represented, and the teachers expressed themselves as beinggreatly benefitted. The lecture staffincluded County School Superintendent J. M. McVey, of Paris; PaulineBettis, of Indianapolis; C. K. Nuckols, State Worker, and Prof. Colliver, of Fish University, who alsogave a moving picture entertainment showing the growth of that institution. Several of the teacherswere graduates of Fisk, Harvardand Columbia Universities. Prof. F.M. Wood, principal of the WesternHigh School, was presented with ahandsome brief case.The game Tuesday between theMethodist and Baptist teams of theChurch League, played on HancockField, Tuesday afternoon resulted ina victory for the Methodists by ascore of 10 to 3. The Methodistsnow hold a lead of 135 points overthe Christians, their nearest rivalfor the League leadership.The next game in the ChurchLeague series will be played onHancock Field, this (Friday) afternoon, at 3:30 o'clock, between thePresbyterian and Christian teams.3 .7505 .6158 .2678 .267An exhibition ball game betweenthe Paris Mammoths of the BlueGrass League and the MoorefieldRegulars will be played at Moorefield next Wednesday, August 16, at3 p. m. Frank Still, a former employe of The Mercury, who was astar twirler for the old Carlisleteam several years ago, will pitchfor Moorefield.Still is at present employed on theKentuckian-Citizen, in Paris. In hisoff moments he is putting in strenuous' practice and getting his armin shape to twirl terrifying twistersto the Mammoths. Let's all go!VALUES TO $12.50IfiHDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKY9LIST Y0UE PEOPEETY FOE TAXATION TO-DAYCustomers come to us every dayand say Tanlac has been a., blessingto them. We advise you to try it.Tanlac is sold by all good druggists.v 7Every property owner should callat the County Tax Commissioner'soffice at the Court House and givein his list of property at once.Don't put this off too late and incurthe penalty the law attaches youknow the first of July is past better call to-day.BEN WOODFORD, JR.,Tax Commissioner.MRS. MATTIE CLARK,Deputy Commissioner.(8-tf)oUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESThe consumption of winas audivwm m jmmmK rtjsU&L to I lately nma$mFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the beet addingMachine rolls and can supply youwith one or' a dosesi at a time. Tmisfca Ine linen be4 paper u'atoK-:PARIS GREEN!SSSesSSSSBSSSBwBSBSSSSSSSSSBSSBBSBSBSSBSSSSSSBBSSSBBUY IT FROM US ANDSAVE 15c ON THEPOUNDHome Grown Canteloupesand Watermelons',fk sPreserving PeachesBuy from us and saveryour rentPARIS BAKING CO;.,-; - . I. L. CLASS, Mmmcm- "JMK TOr bOTh , -Germany since tn3irar. " m TOT ATHB BOURBON NJWS,-J- . -w -rf 'r- l:i t,-t-y J-; :fy y.l '-... ,, . i ' p $ -,:;; , ' j$J& .l4;rts..-'-,?FRIDAY, AUGUST 11, 1922" : THE BOURBON NBWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY T' pr ' i iiPERSONALS"GIFTS THAT LAST"TOBACCO SPEARS A2TO KNIVESHand-made spears 75 c, Disston'sComings and Goingi of Some YonKnow and Othen TonPontWm. Simms, of Airdrie Farm,FORD & CO.hand-saw tobacco knives 35 c, Friday Woodford county, is a guest of Parisand Saturday. relatives.Miss Ida E. Rudder, of Cynthiana, is a guest of Paris relativesthis week.J. 0 Allen has returned to ParisIf you buy Ferndale or Chase & from a visit to Herbert McClanahan,TEA FOE ICED TEASanborn Teas, you get the best.C. P. COOK & CO.EWENTG PAIR TUESDAYA mass meeting will be held atthe court house to-night at 7:30 p.m. under auscipces of the strikingshopmen of the L. & N., and othersinterested in labor troubles. An address will be delivered by AttorneyGeorge R. Smith, of Lexington, onthe subject: "Why Shop Men AreOn Strike." The public is cordiallyinvited to attend.oPUBLIC SALE CITY "PROPERTYWednesday, August 16, at 2 p. m.,date of A. L. Burley sale. Apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, forinformation. Phones, Cumberland450, Hom 394.(8-11-15) '-"STnv. j & 5? GUIDE SIGNS ERECTEDThe Paris Commercial Club haserected guide signs at the corner ofMain and Eighth streets, indicatingxhe Dixie Highway route. The signsare arrow-shaped and bear the inscription: "Dixie Highway, Paris,Cynthiana, Falmouth, Covington,Cincinnati." These will be quite ahelp to auto tourists passingthrough Paris.oPIGTTTRE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRAND' To-day, Friday, August 11 BertLytell, in "A Trip To Paradise;"Wanda Hawley, in "Bobbed Hair."To-morrow, Saturday, August 12Root. McKim, Claire Adams andCarl Gantvoort, in "The GrayDawn;" Pathe New; Sunshine Comedy, "The Jockey."Monday, August 14 Hobert Bosworth, in "White Hands;" PatheReview; Harry Sweet, in "Off HisBeat."o50c TIN TOMATO ANDCANS 50cPEUITTo-day and Saturday full quartAmtrican Tomato Cans, 50c perdozen.FORD & CO.";:,CARS IN COLLISIONBen Webster, of Winchester, wasslightly injured and a Ford auto belonging to the McKim Garage ofWinchester, was damaged, in an accident which occurred near the IWinchester baseball park. The frontwheel of a Ford machine belongingto Artie Rankin, of Millersburg, collapsed. The car driven by Websterran into it, and was turned over.The driver of the Rankin machinewas unhurt, v &&-INTERNATIONAL SUNDAYSCHOOL LESSONSBeginning with this issue THENEWS will publish each Friday acolumn review of the InternationalSunday School Lessons, prepared byRev. P. B. Fitzwater. D. D. LI. D.,Teacher of English Bible in theMoody Bible Institute in Chicago.This article will be found on pagetwo of this issue.These lessons are prepared withthe greatest care, and will be foundto be of invaluable service to Biblestudents in Sunday school classes.They present the most importantphases of the lesson to be used inSunday schools of the day.in Ellisville.J. Miller Ward and son, JamesClay Ward, are spending a few daysat Olympia Springs.Rev. and Mrs. J. J. Rice wereThe Ewing Fair will open next in Danville yesterday, on a combin-Tuesday, August 15, and will con-.ea business and social mission.Tinue four days. The Louisville &l Mr. and Mrs. T. Fitzpatrick, ofNashville will make a special round-, Dayton, Ohio, formerly of Paris, aretrip rate from Paris for the Fair. J visiting friends and relatives in thisBourbon county will be well repre-jcity and county,sented there. Mr- and Mrs- J- T- Tucker ando Mrs. George Batterton have return-LABOR MASS MEETING TO-NIGHT ed f rom a visit to friends and relatives in L.ouisviiie. vLauthman Woods, who has beenwith the Benedetti Company forseveral months, has resigned, andwill take a position with the SweetShop.Mr. and Mrs. John Caywoodand children have returned to theirhome at Pleasant Valley, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Caywood,in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. William S. Daleand daughter, TVIiss Lillian Dale,will motor to Cincinnati next Tuesday for a visit to friends and relatives. Mrs. Sim Levy, of Paris, was aguest of Mrs. Al. Greenbaum, ofVersailles at luncheon, followed bybridge, at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington.Preston and George Young, ofOwingsville, are visiting their aunt,Mrs. Harry 0. James, and Mr. James,at their home on Pleasant street, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Steenbergenentertained with a dance Wednesdayevening at Varden's Hall, in honorof their daughter, Miss Frances AnnSteenbergen.Rev. Father James Gorey, ofNewport, and Andrew J. Gorey, ofCovington, were guests Tuesday oftheir brother, Edward H. Gorey, andfamily, on Winchester street.Winchester Sun: "Miss Adeline Ward was over from Paris forthe day Tuesday. .. .Mrs. Perry W.Shy and children, Edith and Frank,have returned from a visit to relatives in Paris."Louisville Herald: "Mr. Edward Fithian has returned to Ashland, Ky., after a short stay withMrs. Fithian, who is visiting herparents, Mj and Mrs. Owen Bailey,at the Puritan."Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Bradley, who has been seriouslyill at the John Graves Ford Memorial Hospital, in Georgetown, hasrecovered sufficiently to be removedto his home.Mayor E. B. January and Dr. F.M. Faries, of Paris, attended the annual meeting of the Board of Directors of the I. O. O. F. Widowsand Orphans' Home, in Lexington,Wednesday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. James M. Caldwelland children, Kenneth and JamesCaldwell, are motoring to Denverand Grand Junction, Colo. Theywere accompanied as far as KensasCity by Alex Miller, of Millersburg.Mrs. William A. Clarke, of Cincinnati, Mrs. Henry Judy, of nearParis, and Mrs. M. L. Gunn, of Harlan, sisters of J. W. Waller, willleave soon for Washington, whereMr, Waller will be married on August 16. x - -h -Mr. and Mrg. H6mer" Rankinand children, of Pari, attended thedining given at Cynthiana, by Mrs.J. W. Craig, In honor of the eightyfirst birthday anniversary of hermother, Mrs. Bettie Anderson. A"bountiful dinner was prepared andthe repast was thoroughly enjoyedby all the guests present.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Tucker entertained the following party with adining at Shakertown Inn: MissesBlanche Craig and Marguerite Moran, of Louisville; Mr. and Mrs.Frank Collier and daughter, MissMartha Collier, Mr. and Mrs. L. M.Houston and Mr. and Mrs. PrewittWilmott, of Paris.Cynthiana Democrat: Mr. andMrs. Charles N, Fithian, of Paris,and Mrs. Fithian's father, Mr. JohnMcClintock, and son, of Huntington, W. Va., were here Friday. Mr.McClintock is a native of Harrison,born and reared on a farm on the oldLair pike. He was much interestedin visiting scenes of his boyhoodand renewing acquaintances withmany of the older citizens."Mr. and Mrs. Charles Spears,Mr. and Mrs. Edward Spears, willleave early next month for Pine Or-served About thirty-five guestswere included in the hospitality.Mrs. Bruce Miller, of Cincinnati, was a visitor in Paris Wednesday and Thursday.Misses Louise Berry and ClaraBelle Ammerman, of Cynthiana, areguests of Miss Irene Bramblette, inParis.. John Clay, of Paris, attendedthe picnic given by the members ofthe Winchester Golf Club on theclub grounds Tuesday.Miss Henrietta Arnold has re-f turned to her home in Lexington after a visit to Miss Anna LouiseSauer, on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Ruby Elder, of Paris, andguest, Miss Delores Webb, of St.Petersburg, Fla., are visiting MissMiss Eugenia Elder, in Richmond.The annual picnic of the Juniorand Primary Departments of theParis Christian church, was heldWednesday in the Hinton woodlandon the Lexington pike near Paris.Misses Olivia and Ruth Orr, leftWednesday for a visit to relativesin Paducah and Mayfield, and totheir uncle, Dr. J. A.t Orr, in Metropolis, 111.Misses Virginia and AnnetteCrutcher, of Louisville, who havebeen visiting in Paris and Winchester, are now visiting their grandfather, in Lexington.Mrs. James Metcalfe, of Paris,was one of the guests yesterday af-ternon at 3:30 o'clock, at a bridgeparty given at the Clover Leaf Inn,Lexington, by Miss Elizabeth Murphy, in honor of Mrs. Frank A.Hughes, of Annapolis, Maryland,'guest of her parents, Judge and Mrs.Matt Walton.Miss Frances Ann Steenbergenentertained with a dance at Varden's Hall, Wednesday evening.About seventy-five guests enjoyedthe evening from nine to two. Musicfor the dancers was furnished byBishop's Orchestra, of Paris. Duringthe midnight intermission brickcream, individual cakes and fruitpunch were seived.(Other Personals on Page 3)oCENTENAEIAN CLAIMED PARIS. HER BIRTHPLACEmtmmmmmm m- (Cincinnati Times-Star)"Funeral services for Mrs. EasterEarley, colored centenarian who diedSaturday, will be held at the BethelBaptist church, Alms place, Wednesday morning. Mrs. Earley always claimed she was born at Paris,Ky., in 1820, and could recall stirring days during the Civil War, andalso had a full recollection of someof the leading historical events ofthe United States. The woman hadbeen fairly active up to the middleof last week, when her final illness(developed, making it impossible forher to move 'around. Several grandchildren survive."TEIP TO PARADISE," ALAMOAND GRANDThe first Presbyterian churchAmerica was founded in 1629.mMass MeetingCourt House Friday Eve.,Aug. 1 2, at 7:30There will be an address byATTY. GEO. R.SUBJECT:SMITH"If SHOPMEN AREON STRIKE"Bert Lytell, starring in the Maxwell Karger production for Metro of"A Trip to Paradise," at the Alamoand Grand this afternoon and night,is supported by a notable company.Virginia Valli, has the leading wo-chard, Maine, where they will occuman's role. Brinsley Shaw enacts py the cottage belonging to Mr. andthe part of Mr. Meek, a clever crook Mrs. Catesby Spears, who are rewho is to be found in an amusement turning. They will have as theirpark where the locale of the story guests Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Campbell,is laid. Victory Bateman,- who en- of Lexington, and Mr. and Mrs. Johnacted an important role in support' W. Davis, Jr., of Paris,of Viola Dana in "Blackmail" also Miss Lucile Robb entertainedhas an important part in "A Trip to Wednesday night with a dance andParadise." Unice Vin Moore, the lawn party at the home, of her parcharacter actress, appears as the,ents, Mr. and Mrs. James M. Robb,Widow Boland, who runs a Coney near Lexington, in compliment toIslamd roller coaster. 'the members of her house party,"A Trip, to Paradise" is an adap- whick included Johm T. Woodford.UtfcewajrBMjaaiiaa F. GJaitr of a of Pari. Taa lawm was Oiung: withTrams Molnar's drama. The scea- Japanese lamterns, mad W; individario is fcjr at mtkji. -- J"L ciikfk 1V9& M ksubfiiis ,werThe public is cordially invited.Ladies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at$15, $18, $25, $29Worth double value. Colors:black, brown, etc. It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreGHAS. S. GOLDTTINECarar fevaath sdul Main StreetsV - -wis jPAGEFIYff , w"YOU STILL HAVE TIMETo Share in Our Bargain FeastBut don't wait too long, because such good ThingsCan't Last Forever.One Lot Men's Summer' SuitsAt Less Than Half PriceS6.85-S8.85-S9.85One Lot of Men's SuitsThat Can Be Worn Any Time$16.75Values to $35.00Florsheim Oxfords$8.85Every pair of Oxfords and Shoes hasbeen reduced for final clearance.Athletic Union Suits50cSizes 84 to 56Men's Work Shirts75cWhite and Tan ShirtsWith Button-Down'Collar95cBoys' Suits, Shoes and Furnishingsradically reduced. A mighty goodtime to prepare for school days.' The above represents just a few of what we offer you.Only a visit here will reveal how great your savings are.LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department .619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaverLZfiiIKmmmWmLWSSSBStlFu -j:.You,nousekepers,!mowtliatmany;bed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofjifocratBed Spring?suggests cleanliness and leaves'no hiding place f or dustand lint.And such sleeping comfort! You!just naturally relax and drop of2into pleasant, refreshing sleep. No.sag. No rolling to the middle.A naw shipment of thasasprings has just reached usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.-CopyrlghUd Shannon Bed Spring Co.. Inc.. Lonlarfflo, Kr.We also call your attention to thebest spring mademEither of these springs sent on30 days trialTHE J. T. HINTON CO.PARIS, XY.,.BEBtrEITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKYid v M . MJMotor ntarst moxur invatMSIXTH AND MAIM3 -VV" 4 V j.g.at af ,'' J3 .42fc.m -'t :.x ,Xff y- 1,j.?'PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY wp in hjh wpish. i mm.nmm f Friday, august 11, iscigarettes-inflliIF i IThey areGOOD!10By tftis Cigarette and Save MoneyATTTOISTS MORE CAEEFUL ATRAILWAY CROSSINGSSTATE HEALTH BOARD ADOPTSBREAD STANDARDThat drivers of automobiles arecoming more careful is borne out bys, recent check made in Kentucky bythe Safety Department of the Southern Railway System.At three different crossings on. the Dixie Highway, observationswere made this month with the following statistics noticed:Number of vehicles passing overcrossing, 967.Number stopped before crossingtracks, 221.Number where driver looked inone direction. 354.Number where driver looked inboth directions, 555.Number where driver crossedwithout taking any precautions, 5S.Number crossed at speed exceeding-twentymiles an hour, 28.This check disclosed that one driver out of every four actually stoppedto make sure that no trains were approaching before crossing the tracks,57 per cent looked in both directions and 37 per cent looked in onedirection before crossing tracks,"while only 6 per cent failed to consider care at crossings and crossed"without taking any precaution whatever. 'It takes very little of one's timeto make sure" that no trains are approaching before crossing railroadtracks," says a statement issued by. the Southern, "and it is hoped thatyou, Mr. Autoist, will ever bear inmind the warning that it displayedthroughout the country, 'CrossCrossings Cautiously" and never belisted as crossing tracks withouttaking due thought of the danger.It is by far wiser to be careful thanto ignore any of the many precautions necessary."If the bakers of Kentucky, fortheir own protection and that ofthe people of the State, desire it, theBureau of Foods, Drugs and Hotelsof the State Board of Health willadopt for all bread inspections theJstandards of the Federal Joint Committee on Definitions, Miss Sarah H.Vance, director of the bureau, hasannounced.Efforts will be made immediatelyto familiarize all bakers of the Statewith these definitions and later expressions from them will be soughtto determine the advisability oftheir adoption.These definitions define wheatbread or white breat as that madein the form of a loaf or rolls, orother units smaller than a loaf, bybaking wheat bread dough. It mustcontain, one hour or more after baking, not more than 38 per cent moisture. Tne moisture limitation tormilk bread is the same, but herethere is provision for replacing notless than one-third of the water ingredient with milk or its equivalent.In rye bread at least one-third ofthe wheat flour ingredient musthave been replaced by rye flour. Forraisin bread there is a provision thateach pound of the baked productmust have had added to it at leastthree ounces of raisins, and sweetening and shortening ingredientsare permitted to be used in greaterquantity than in wheat bread.oPOULTRY AND EGGS MARKETREVIEWHOOCH FREE INKENTUCKY HILLCorrespondents Find Quiet Sortof Men Make "Mountain DewWith Kick."SUSPICIOUS OF STRANGERSContinually on the Alert for DeputySheriffs, Revenue Agents and Prohibition Officers ReadWorld Magazines.IXORIDA HAS CHAMPION FISHSTORY(Barto, Fla., Record)No tobacconist ever told a lie, andso when J. A. Dalton, who has beenvisiting Tom Tucker, east of LakeWales, Fla., near Templetown, tellsthat he saw a fish catch a bird, onebelieves it right away.Dalton, who owns a cigar store atSt. Petersburg, stopped to throw aline in a small pond by the way ofthe Templetown road. Nothing happened-to his own hook, but after acast or two he heard a commotionin the grass a few feet away. Going over to see what was the matterhe found that a good-sized blackbass had .landed a black bird thathad evidently been drinking fromthe pond, or, perching ou the grassnear the water. Just how the basscame to grab the bird Mr. Daltondid not know. He did not see that.But he did see that the bass had Thebird, and when he drove it away, he:found that it had so mangled thebird -that it was about through withthis life. Dalton killed the bird.The fish got away. A fiish can catch a"bird, says Mr. Dalton.o"THE COUNTRY BEYOND," NEWCURWOOD NOVELButter production has been heavier than during, the correspondingperiod last year. There has beenlittle change in prices throughoutthe producing sections. Demand forcurrent consumption continues good,although some surplus is finding itsway to storage.Egg receipts are above normaland are somewhat in excess of thesupply required for current use, thesurplus being placed in storage. Thestocks in cold storage are unusuallylarge for this season of the year.The lower prices prevailing, if passed along to the consumer, shouldbring about a better demand.Ample poultry for current use isbeing marketed, and as spring chickens reach the marketing age, themovement will undoubtedly increase, resulting in some decline inbuying prices.oDEFINITION OF A SCAB(Contributed)After God had finished the rattlesnake, the toad and the vampire, Hehad some awful "substance" left,with which he made a "scab." A"scab" is a two-legged animal witha corkscrew soul, .a water-loggedbrain and a combination backbonemade of jelly and glue. Where other people have their hearts he carries a tumor of rotten principles.When a "scab" comes down thestreet honest men turn their backs,and angels in Heaven weep tears,and the devil shuts the gates ofHades to keep them out.No man has a right to remain a"scab" as long as there is a pool ofwater deep enough to drown hisbody in, or a rope long enough tohang his carcass with. Judas Iscariot was a gentleman" compared witha "scab" for after betraying hisMaster he had enough character tohang himself, and a "scab" has not.AN OLD-TIME KENTUCKY CUSTOMIt's a romance that lifts you from.the midst of humdrum cafes and .aflairs, and carries you off to a balsam-scentedwilderness to witnessthe life struggle of the most amiable-rogue you'll find anywhere in'fiction.It's the story, too, of Nada, aleaten girl who had faith in a badman,; And emphatically the story ofPeter, and Airdale. You will betteruaderstand the extent of an outdoors man's love for his dog whenyou have come to know Jolly Roger's dog Peter.With a master handCurwood has-woven tense situations and swiftadventure into this new story of his,with, a result that there are wonderful hours ahead for you when youbuy "The Country Beyond," superbly illustrated by Walt Louderback.At one time Kentucky reliedmainly upon the "warning, in" system for maintenance work upon thepublic roads. Under this system theroad overseer appointed by theCounty Court was empowered tc"warn in" or summons every ablebodied male living along the publiehighway to work three days a yeaiin keeping up the roadway.Failure to obey the summons ofthe overseer and work on the roadfsubjected the delinquent to a heavjfine and even a jail sentence. Thesystem was operated many yean,with most satisfactory results afthe roads were worked by those living along and using them and therefore virtually interested in their upkeep. .Catlettsburg, Ky. Typical mountain moonshiners of Kentucky are notalways of the'' gun-toting and troublemaking kind, it is proven to news correspondents by visits into the mountain region in this area of the state.The mountaineer type of moonshiner,however, is continually on the alertfor deputy sheriffs, prohibition officersand revenue agents.After a trip of thirty or, forty milesinto the mountains -the correspondentwas escorted to a moonshiner's logshack, made from the rough timber ofthe hillside and carefully arranged ona foundation of stone."Bill" greeted his visitors with akeen eye, a bit of suspicion, but witha friendly note in his shout of "welcome stranger." Proper inquirieswhether vany squirrels inhabited anadjacent mountain side, where a newly beaten path had been noticed,brought the answer that squirrelswere scarce and none were found inthe woods, vMountain Dew Kicks.When a friendly spirit developedsome "mountain dew," or, in the language of the cities, "white mule," wasproduced from a small hand-madecupUoard within the single room ofthe cabin, over which hung a religiouspicture and other articles of a religious nature. On the opposite side ofthe room over the bed or the mountaineer wjxs a rifle of heavy caliber, anautomatic pistol and a small-caliberrevolver. The contrast was unique.A small drink of the "mountaindew" almost brought slumberland a laDempsey. Inquiries as to the age ofthe liquor brought the answer, "Thet'stoday's stuff."Hospitality of typical southern quality will be found among the mountaineer residents if you are a "friend";if an enemy beware, or, as "Bill" explained it, "snakes in the mountain arekilled." "Bill" makes his farm a payable proposition for his wife and children, who were attending church atthe time of the correspondent's visit,by occasionally cutting some timber.Reads Magazines of- World.His interest in world affairs is notlimited and weekly trips to the nearest postoffice furnishes him with newspapers from the "outside." These areread by one member of the family, bylamp and candle light, to the othersand often last throughout the week.The moonshiner's home from theoutside has an uninviting appearance, but once within the home, .whilesome inconveniences are found, theimpression of cleanliness is produced.The low ceiling forces a man of ordinary height to, stoop. The board floormay creak, but it is solid and hign anddry. In winter cold winds are shutout by the mud-plaster between thecracks of logs and by the board andpaper lining of the inner walls. Healis furnished by an oil burner and cooking is done on a coal range.Oxen teams haul coal to the homeduring the fall months. A yoke ofoxen pulling a load of timber alongthe narrow mountain road explainsthe manner which enabled the mountaineer to obtain all the sizable logsused in constructing his home."BUSINESS REVIEW" REVIEWSBUSINESS CONDITIONS . 'The monthly Business Iteview,published at Cleveland, Ohio, underauspices of the Federal ReserveBank, of the Fourrh Federal Reserve District, has the following regarding farming conditions in Ohioand Kentucky."With very few exceptions themany reports we have received onagricultural conditions are of veryencouraging and hopeful nature.Wheat harvesting has been practically completed, and in many sections of the Fourth District threshing is well under way. While theyield is not high, and in some instances is below expectations, farmers quite generally feel encouragedoyer the returns. In marked contrast to former conditions, when thefarmers were holding their wheatfor larger prices, the crop this yearis being marketed rapidly, and agricultural communities are paying offa part of their indebtedness."The corn crop at this time is reported to be looking very favorable.The acreage in Ohio is estimated to!be 3 per cent greater than that oflast year. Th United States acreage and condition of corn in Kentucky indicates a 'crop of about 94,379,000 bushels compared to 82,150,000 bushels last year."The Burley tobacco crop is in excellent condition and the only thingthat is worrying the tobacco planters is the large acreage. The cropwas set out early and has grown fastand evenly. It is believed that alarge part of the crop will be cut inAugust this year, and early cuttingmeans good quality. Practically allof the old Burley has been sold, andit appears that the farmers are verywell satisfied with the work of themarketing association, as a greatmany new members have been secured. Estimates of the Departmentof Agriculture place the 1922 tobacco acreage (all types) of Kentucky at 558,000 as compared to385,000 acres last year, an increaseof 45 per cent. i"In a special pig survey made bythe Department of Agriculture, it is Jindicated that there will be a net iincrease of 14.5 per cent in the number of pigs raised in the corn belt1States during the first half of 1922,1compared with the first half of I1921. There is a belief that this in-Icrease may overcome the present 'shortage in meat."White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage- SuppliesCars WashedIIIMllMUMIiiHHWWWWWIIIIHmtMtMIIIGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 299itHIIMtMiMltitMMMMIMIIIIIIIIIIIUHBourbon County BoosterAUGUST 30th, 1922Trip"SEE BOURBON COUNTY FIRST"Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.iIncorporatedS1,202 MEMBERS jOIN BURLEYPOOLA Tip to the Wise.It was the beginning of the secondemester, and we were to have a newInstructor In the English department.2 ruined Into the classroom and, seeingsupposed fellow student in one ofthe seats, said: "Well. I cuess we'llv? to give the old girl a good wel-'i"lis morning, but be rather dumbafce won't expect too much." In aoent the young woman egan tallJC abe roil, prendng to b the lairuStr ktrJt-Wcai Tribur;BOURBON FARM CONDITIONSThe drouth condition in this county, as well as others of the BlueGrass region, has become c?n nhthat the pastures are drying urcompletely, and many farm'ers arthaving to haul water, from long distances for their stock, and nowwith the pastures dried up, corrcurling and tobacco drying on thestalk, farmers are very much discouraged over the outlook.The drouth may force a premature cutting of the tobacco crop, aileast in some sections. The weed unot wholly ripe, but ip drying upand some farmers believe they willprofit by cutting it now rather thanleaving it in the field. The crop iswell advanced, and has just aboutreached maturity, but has been losing in quantity and quality for thepast two weeks. The corn crop wii:be cut down to about half of whatwas at first expected, early in theseason, unless saving rains comesoon. The new potato crop is reported as being very good. Butterfresh milk and eggs art plentifulat moderate prices. Plenty, of fruilani vegetables on the local market.YOUNG JAPAN TAKES TO JAZZLess Modernized Nipponese, However,Frown on WesternDancing.Tokyo, Japan. The question whether western dances are immoral is thesubject of a lively debate in the Japanese newspapers at present. In thelast few years western dancing hasgrown popular among Japanese women, especially those who have livedabroad, although it is by no meansgeneral as yet. They dance verygracefully in their native costumes andheelless slippers, but the older andless modernized Japanese frown onthe growing custom.Goat Locked Eight Daysin Car Without WaterPoplar Bluff, Mo. And nowcomes the "harmless" billy goatdisplaying some of his uniquequalifications.When a carload of lime wasloaded at Gape Girardeau, Mr.Goat, unnoticed, made his wayinto the car and was lockedtherein. Eight days after, whenthe seals of the car were brbkenat the destination, Doniphan,Mo., and when theN dopr wasopened, out jumped Mr. Goat,spry but apparently thirsty.He was quickly treated to adrink of "Mountain Dew," wliichbubbles from a spring near DonipbMV and was happy. Heseemed none the worsefor hig"Volstead feat" j -For the second time within themonth previous signup records werebroken by the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Association,the new members signed the pastweek totaling 1,202, representingan acreage of 14,294, according tothe report of the week's activitiesfrom the offices of the association.More than 200 growers in theHuntington, W. Va., and EasternOhio district, under the managementof Clifton Rodes, were added thepast week. Southern Ohio andEastern Kentucky counties in whichthe campaign is in charge of J. N.Kehoe, of Maysville, yielded 275more.Hundreds of inquiriesiave beenreceived by the association askingif it would sell the natural leaf insmall quantities to individual buyers. So far the association has declined to dispose of any of its holdings in this way, though a numberof western Kentucky concerns havedone a successful and considerablebusiness in this way for a number ofyears through general advertise-,4ment.Adoption of the policy of nationaladvertising of the burley leaf followed success of the western fruit,prune and other co-operatives, particularly the raisin growers, whohave found an outlet for a surpluseach year by persistent advertising.Bush W. Allin, of Harrodsburg,and John B. Winn, of Versailles,members of the Legislative Committee, were in conference with President Stone the first of the week, butnothing was given out as to whatthey discussed. Work on the advertising campaign authorized by theBoard of Directors at its meetingWednesday will begin soon.1 We Handle All Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesElectric Washing Machines, 'Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc. .Gas HeatersAll Sizes; and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental'.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEMMIMMMIIIIIMIIH II MIIMIIhMlim?FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAY 'HE'LL GET FRONT SEAT INHEAVENFriends claim several unique records for Rev. Ira Combs, 78, ofPerry county, widely known in themountains as "Uncle Ira." Althoughhe has preached every Sunday andmost Saturdays for half a century,with the exception of when ill, hehas never accepted a penny for hisservices, because "against principle." He is a minister of the Primitive Baptist denomination. He isthe father of 19 children, and hisdescendants, extending to greatgrandchildren, number 183... oSoft Musjc Aids the Girls.Music store clerks say that grandmaand grandpa keep up to date with thejap and the syncopated stuff. It is thesixteen-year-old granddaughter whoplays "When You and I Were Young,Maggie," on J;he phonograph for herbeau, and gazes soulfully into his eyesas the music weeps forth. The musicstore people declare that the old tunesbring the beau to the speaking pointas the. saxophones -never, do. Milwaukee Journal. vIMenWantedThis Company will hire experienced shopcraft mechanics and shop laborers and furnishthem work at rates prescribed by the UnitedStates Railroad Labor Board, beginning at once.Apply to W. E. Hunter, Master Mechanic,Covington, Ky., or 'E. H. Gorey, General Foreman, Paris, Ky.Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co.r ').'.'4 ii V?fts Ther ,t& 2,174 characters in the JHorki:.of"Cliarli DickfeSv , v- .Bourbon News Ackertbert Get RerafetIV V-JScr-'- vw?";-Wv ":5vv;JMtN -FJUDAY,. AUGUST 11, 1921I wnyi vm ff nTHE BOURBON .NEWS,, PARIS,xKENTUCKYTHE PROPER COURSEInformation of Priceless Value toEvery Paris CitiaenfAKEMCAN IEGIOHJTHAHKS THE1CEWSPAPERSHow to act in an emergency is"knowledge of inestimable worth, andthis is particularly true of the diseases and ills of the human body. Ifyou suffer with kidney backache,urinary disorders, or any form ofkidney trouble, the advice containedin the following statement shouldadd a valuable asset to your store ofknowledge. What could be moreEd THE NEWS, Paris, Ky.:The Clean-Up Compaign and Service Census carried on by the American Legion and Kentucky Disabled Ex-service Mens' Board has beena tremendous "success. We all knewthat there were numerous ex-servicemen in Kentucky disabled by theirWorld War service, who are not receiving compensation. However,there had been no systematic effortto secure their names and addresses.At this writing there are more thantwelve hundred (1200) names andaddresses on file in this office, mostcases having the necessary data tosecure an early adjustment.Since the success of this clean-updrive and service census has beenconvincing proof of the efficiency of iDoan's Kidney Pills than the state- largely due to the publicity securedineut of a Paris citizen, who usedthem and who publicly tells of thebenefit derived?Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthfrom the newspapers of Kentucky,the Board at its July meeting passeda resolution thanking the newspapers of Kentucky for their co-opera-street, Paris, says: "I have usedjtion- Attached hereto you will findDoan's Kidney Pills a few times anda copy of said resolution which isfrom the benefit obtained I can say I f orwarded so that you will have athey are a good reliable remedy. I Permanent record of how much weWhen my kidneys have acted irregu-! appreciate co-operation,larly or my back has been weak and l You wlU remember that the datelame I have always found that a box of the campaign was June 30. to Julyor so of Doan's Kidney Pills, which ' 11- When the latter day cameI get as Ardefy's Drug Store relieve around the campaign had assumedthe complaint quickly." rUU11 p "' ""s ana was going soThe above statement was rfven ood that it could not be stopped.THE PHONE'S INVENTOE( Courier-Journal )November 10, 1916, and on November 12, 1920, Mrs. Burley said. "I.haven't changed my opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills, and recommendthem just as highly to-day as whenI gave my former statement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Burley had. Foster-Mil-T)urnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.Evil Seen in Baby's Tooth.Among the Congo natives a superstitious belief exists that the appearance of a baby's first tooth on theupper jaw is an ill omen to the community and that the child must therefore be killed.oElectricity for heating and cooking purposes is making headway inSwitzerland.When you feel sss4nervous, bred, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMotes Nerverine Pills EftSgWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Props., Cleveland, O.For Sale ByOBEBD0BPEB, THE DRUGGISTBanner, Lyeiseasy to useNo other lye Is packed sosafely and conveniently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfects60 easily and thoroughly as Banner Imc Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever known. Use it for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, forsoftening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in haltMakes pure soapand saves nooey besides. A can ofBanner Lge, 5 pounds of kitchen grease,ten Minutes' easy work (no boiling or largekettles), and you nave 10 pounds of best hardsoaporaogalonsofsortsoap. tBanner LytVvM. fcyywr rreccr tfregftrts.'Write to for rcbeklt. " UsfJBmunrlThePe CfceilCTJWftoPMeiilMlaU4Consequently every county is working according to its local situation,and will continue until every disabled ex-service man has gotten hisbusiness straightened out with Uncle Sam.Louisville, Ky., July 27, 1922."Whereas, The work of KentuckyDisabled Ex-service Men's Board hasbeen greatly assisted through theState-wide publicity given by, andthe complete co-operation of, thenewspapers of Kentucky, and"Whereas, The Clean-up Campaign and Service Census conductedby this Board and the AmericanLegion has succeeded in causinghundreds of Kentuckians disabledby their World War service toproperly brings their claims beforethe United States Veterans' Bureau,and"Whereas, Said Clean-up Campaign and Service Census could nothave been conducted so successfullvwithout the co-operalion of saidnewspapers. . ."Now, Therefore Be It Resolved,That this Board at its July meetinggoes on record in appreciation ofthe said co-operation of the Kentucky newspapers, and instructs thesecretary to mail a copy of this resolution to each newspaper in Kentucky. "KENTUCKY DISABLED EX-SERVICEMEN'S Board."By James Morris, Chairman: Emmett O'Neal, Margaret L. Duncan,Henry J. Stiles, Secretarj'."The telephone has been for manyyears a commonplace convenience,used by millions of persons who give?io thought to means by which theyare able to speak to other persons,across a city, across a county, oracross a continent.The life of Dr. Alexander Graham Bell, who invented the telephone, spanned the most brilliantperiod of invention the world hasknown; a development of mechanical science which revolutionized ordinary life.-Men and women who hardly arewilling to admit that they are middle-agedrecall the time when telephones were not in general use, andwhen the accepted means of quickneighborhood communication was tosend a boy to carry a note. Thesafety bicycle now ridden by messenger boys had not been invented.Its predecessor, the "ordinary," wasa toy of the brave who deserved, inpopular opinion, broken necks, asthe reward of their foolhardiness.To enumerate the marvels whichhave become commonplace since Dr.Bell invented the telephone would beto invite a generation sated withthe wizardry of inventors to consider, and to honor, its wizards.Yet, hardly anything that couldbe mentioned could be said to havebeen a greater benefaction that Dr.Bell's realized dream. He must,therefore, be rated highly by reasonable men and women among theworld's great men. Those who contribute permanently to human welfare, those who construct whattime does not prove valueless; thosewho discover magical secrets which,by use of mechanical appliances, aremade to serve mankind, are greaterthan conquerers, and greater thanmany who are classified as statesmen. Ponder a moment the difficultiesthat lack of communication by telephone, for one day, creates, and consider, if for a moment only, yourobligation to a man whose contemporaries divided into a group whichbelieved him a dreamer and a etoudwhich believed him a schemer, whenhe made his early efforts to sellstock in his telephone company.It Napoleon had never been bornthe present generation would have'missed thrilling accounts of stirringadventures. If Alexander GrahamBell had not been born the arrivalof the Twentieth Century mighthave found time-valuing Americanswithout the telephone.HER AILMENTS lirALL GONE NOWMrs. Sherman Helped byLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundLtke,Michigtn.--"Aboatoneyeiri)I gttffGredwithirregulritieMid weaknew and at tunes waobliged tostayoff myfeet. I doctored withoar family physicianDane nn any said becould not understandmy case, so I decidedtotryLydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound. After Ihad taken the firstbottle I could seethat I was gettingwvwesoi tne vegetable Compound andusedLydia E. Pinkham's Sanative Washand I am entirely cured of my ailments.You may publish this letter if youwish. 'Mrs. Mary Sherman, RoutedLake, Mich.There is one fact women should consider and that is this. Women suffer fromirregularities and variousforms of weakness. They try this and that doctor, aswell as different medicines. Finally theytake Lydia E. Pinkham's Compound,and Mrs. Sherman's experience is simplyanother case showing the merit of thiswell-known medicine.If your family physician fails to helpyou and the same old troubles persist,why isn 't it reasonable to try Lydia E.Mutual a vegewoie iompounaIKwHlL4JIII" --:-)nMBIMIww ? & muni"COLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istoken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo.. Ohio.ECZEMA'Money back without questionU HUNT'S QUAIANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and 8oap),fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Rincworm.Tetterorotheriteh-in akin disease. Try thistreatment at ear risk.vaidim a mm;Parfi,ry.PROHIBITING USE OF GLABINGLIGHTSOne of the regulations of the Statelaw governing the operation of motor vehicles that seems to be veryfeebly enforced, if at all, is that prohibiting the use of blinding lights.This regulation, is constantly and repeatedly violated particularly on therural roads where such lights areused without dimmers and evenspotlights in full glare, which ispositively banned.The blinding lights have been thecause of many accidents and othershave been narrowly averted. Theuse of these high-power lights is adangerous practice but most motorists cannot bring themselves to comply with a regulation, as this oneseems to be followed in the breachnearly as much as in the observance.Can Beat 'Em."I ain't braggin' none," said Charfcoal Eph, rumlnatively, "but all I gottf say, ef anybody's got a chicken kinoutrun me on a dark night, dat chicken am sure some sprinter. Bat adrumstick, Mistah Jackson." Richmond Times-Dispatch.MORGANS MEN TO MEET AUGUST 15-16.No heat with& this summer mealA DISH of crisp, delicious Grape-Nuts, with cream-- or milk (some berries or fresh fruit, too, if youlike) is cooling to serve, cooling to-eat and coolingto digest with a charm of flavor and goodness thatrouses appetite enthusiasm. No preparation, nocooking no heating of the body afterward, as heavy,starchy meds do but well-rounded nourishmentlor every Lodily need.There's a noticeable feeling of lightness and comtort after such a meal.Try tills way out of the heat, bother and uncertaintythat usually goes with the midsummer food problem."xzr;uOrder J?rapeNutS from your grocer to.day."There's a Reason"Made fay Postum Cereal Company, Inc.Battle Creek, Michiganr"0Zi2ssns.Hascoo5mltCtviCm&Vio ""Lfe.iTheir ranks thinned to only a fewmre than two score, survivingmembers of Gen. John Hunt Morgan's famous brigade, which, duringthe Civil War won fame by a raidin three States across the OhioRiver, will meet August 15 and 16in their annual reunion at the Lexington Country Club.Hitherto the veterans have heldtheir annual reunion at OlympianSprings or other resorts in this section, but this year are meeting atthe invitation of the Country ClubAssociation, of which State SenatorJ. Will Stoll is president. Lexington is a more central point than theother meeting places, and tiresomejourneys will be avoided.There will be no formal programat this union. Following the usualcustom, it will be a reunion in thereal sense, recalling of old memoriesbeing the feature of the two days'session.Each year the rollcall of the Morgan's Men Association reveals tnatthe ranks are thinning fast. Lastyear nearly tnree score were present.BATS .1000 IN THE "STEW"LEAGUEOne of the longest sprees in history was attributed to a former bartender, August Detering, by hiswife, Rose, who told a BrooklynMigistrate her husband got drunkthe day prohibition went into effectand had been drunk ever since.Before prohibition, Detering nevertouched a drop, the wife' declared.He pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was locked up. Meanwhilepolice will investigate the story.stmsmmiLi-r$r Tpur-rfXSL VLHX&KJfSAh CXUYou Need One; Buy it Now"It Insures Health and Pleasure1 It will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYKentuckytxMrcci:sEemAIXfliXiiXii Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do wok inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon Laundr jrParis, KentuckyIX;WX1X1?X;LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGA Dog's Devotion.Lovers of dogs will be Interested Inthe story tola at an Inquest at theLondon hospital on the body of a manwho committed suicide by throwinghimself out of a window. In a letterwritten just before his death" hewrote: "My dog Teddy follows meabout He knows things are very badwith me. I do hope he will be takencare of. As I pace up and down myroom he walks with me.." A witnesssaid that the dog was very fond ofhis master and always seemed to understand when he wa.s worried and introuble.oSir Ernest's Story.Sir Ernest Shackleton was alwaysfond of a good story. Here is onethat he used to tell about himself. Agushing lady had been introduced tohim and began at once to talk abouthis voyages. "I always think," shesaid, "that one must have such wonderful dreams while leading that kindof life." "Beautiful dreams, Indeed,"said Sir Ernest. "Oh, do tell me,now, what you used to dream aboutin the Antarctic?"' "Treacle pudding,"answered the explorer. London Tit-Bits.UnWaddeirsPile RemedyDon! Suffer-Don't be OperatedIB wtil jm here tried D. Waddell'sftURsenedy. Absolutely hanaless. Guarto five absolute eensracBoa ornfanded. $1.50 per WtU at your: If not write us.IN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byonr experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.f vw z m m . wm. mTwo -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSyimiiasKasttfIECONOMYtfmwmmmmmmjmittIfeatf ltfartkiJTimttmtuNineteenth St,Ncr Main Bothrz,i. :s&&&itir "m.v-i.. 9ta4jr -.wBri w.4vvh St' -we.!,-sK.A FOODMI-'IS2iMajk f IIs.Tiy..i .-s.- -WKB3WWWwWHW5jpM(!Sl M-iaiJ'?ir,wTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARK KENTUCKYJ1UDAT, AUGUST U, ltll -I . JlPAG1 EIGHT'WSLWLLERSBURGfEfcmtiag News Items From Bonron Comity's College Town(Miss Atta W. Mann is the dulyauthorized correspondent and representative of THE NEWS in Millerp-Tmrg" and vicinity. News items or"business matters entrusted to her-will receive careful and prompt attention. THE NEWS respectfullysolicits the co-operation of the .people of Millersburg with Miss Manntin this respect.)by all who had the pleasure of herfriendship. - -Mrs. Herbert is survived by twosisters, Mrs. James Thorne and Mrs.H. W. Purdy, both residing in Millersburg. !The funeral will be held at the 'residence in Millersburg, this (Friday) afternoon, at three o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. Dr.G. W. Nutter. The interment willtake place on the family lot in theMillersburg Cemetery. The pallbearers wilKbe: Dr C. B. Smith,Sanford C. Carpenter, 0. M. Johnson, E. M. Ingels, G. S. Allen andA. S. Best.Ai2M0IAND1( r a MTV(OPERA HOUSE H I A2:00 to 5:30 .PRICES-ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 to 10:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.Mrs. A. Parker, of Maysville, is"the guest of her sister, Mrs. A. C.-J3all. 'Mrs. Guy Briggs, of Frankfort,us the guest of her daughter, Mrs.Julian Allen.Mr. and Mrs. Mack Jones are-visiting relatives in Bowling Greentand Mammoth Cave.Mrs. Frank Henry, of Carlisle,-visited her parents, Mr. and Mrs.33. N. Kerr, this week.Rev. Earl McDee Forsette, student of K. W. C, Winchester, is the.guest of William Welburn this-week.Mr. Frank Moore, of Lexington,Ta.. was the guest this week of Mr.and Mrs. C. R Jones, and other relatives. Mrs. Blanche King, of Lexington, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Ama Darnell, and niece, Mrs. . F."Vimont.Mrs. Ada McClintock and'-.-daughter, Miss Ruth McClintock, returned Tuesday from a visit with- relatives in Paris.Misses Barzarnelle Paxton and"Elizabeth Caldwell, guests of Mr.and Mrs. Julian Allen, have returned to their homes in Paducah.Mrs. George Morton Jones and"baby, guests of Mrs. Mattie Jonesand Miss Martha Jones, have returned to their home in Lexington.Mr. James Laird, of Louisville,-was the guest this week of 'Mrs."Nan Briwn. Mr. Liard is the nephew of Rev. H. Laird, former pastor'Of the Presbyterian church here.Mrs. Bessie Norton and Mr.James Burroughs left Wednesdayfor a motor trip to Springfield,Mass., to visit Mr. and Mrs. Jamest Spencer and Dr. H. C. Burroughs.Mrs. W. M. Miller vacated her"home on Main street Tuesday. TheHiouse will be moved to a lot onTrigg street and a modern residence-will be erected on the Main streetlot. Work is progressing on the"Drill Hall at Millersburg Military"Institute, also on the athletic field.The foundation of the ExchangeBank building is nearing completion. The interior of R. S. Letton'srSweet Shop is being redecorated. Aroom in the building occupied by"3Ir. M. E. Pruitt is being preparedfox the opening of the dry goodsstore of Mr. Tune, of Carlisle by theifirst of September.Mrs. Emma Payne Herbert,'-aged about sixty, wife of Dr. FrankA. Herbert, of Millersburg, died atthe family home in that place atweight o'clock Wednesday night, following a short illness of a complication of diseases. Mrs. Herbert had1een ill for some time, but had been- -confined tocher home only a few'weeks.Mrs. Herbert was a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. W. E. Payne, of Millersburg, where she had spent the.greater part of her life. She was a-4levoted mem"ber of the Millersburg'Christian cSurch, uniting with that'.denomination in her early girlhood.cShe was a woman of the highestChristian character, and was held inSPEARS MILLS(Delayed)Miss Gladys Hinkson is visitingher aunt and uncle, Mr. and Mrs.Luther Myers, of near Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Hudnall visitedtheir children, Mr. and Mrs HarneyAldridge, and Mr. and Mrs. 4oe Napier, baturaay ana sunaay nignt.Mr. J. T. Haden is visiting hisuncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. DanLail.S. K. Hudnall visited his sisterand brother, Mrs. Sadie Wagonerand Mr. Hallie Hudnell, Sunday andMonday.Rev. R. H. Turner, pastor, andRev. Arthur Fox will conduct atwo-weeks' meeting here, startingnext Sunday evening, at 7:45. Everyone invited.BIRTHSFriends in Paris have receivedcards announcing the arrival of a1Yz pound son, christened WilliamHacker, Jr.. at the home of Mr. andMrs. Wm. E. Hacker, in Kokomo,Indiana. Mr. Hacker was formerlySecretary-Manager of the Paris Commercial Club. Mrs. Hacker was formerly Miss Jessamine Bell, daughterof Rev. and Mrs. G. W. Bell, ofNicholasville, and formerly instructor in French at the Paris HighSchool.Mr. and Mrs. Thodore Butler,of Bank Row, are welcoming a babygirl, born Wednesday at the MassieMemorial Haspital, in this city.Butler was formerly Miss Rosa Kimball, of Paris.FRIDAY Double Feature Day FRIDAYBERT LYTELL "A Trip to Paradise"A rip roaring comedy drama full of laughs, thrills and sensations. You will surely want to see this popular actorA He is never the same,yet always good.,i2v;WANDA H A WLEYm "Bobbed Hair"A story of a girl who wanted to be "Different" and for other folks who want to know why. All agog with fun, a loveing adventure. Don't miss this fun made program.and flabber-gast-SaturdayA BENJ. B. HAMPTON PRODUCTIONSaturday"The Grey Dawn"ROBERT McKIM, CLAIRE ADAMS inand CARL GANTVOORT mFrom the novel of Stewart- Edward White. A story you have all read and want to see. A Western drama with its beautiful scenes, itsthrills and stirring actions.ALSO PATHE NEWS AND SUNSHINE COMEDY, "THE JOCKEY."MONDAY- A GRAF PRODUCTION MONDAYHOBART BOSWORTH " "White Hands""White Hands" is a rip-roaring, fighting picture woven around a woman alone on the edge of Sahara in a nest of crime,white heart passion. It will hold you spellbound from start to finish. Don't miss this wonderful production.ALSO PATHE EEVLEW AND HARRY SWEET IN "OPF ' HIS BEAT."It's a drama ofvsDEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, AThat All Must PayDebtLEXINGTON POSTOFFICEREPRESENT STATETOThe postoffice at Lexington, isone of the 50 offices selected byAssistant Postmaster-General Glover as serving representative industrial centers in their respective sections, for which postoffice receiptsare to be published monthly as anindex to industrial prosperity. Thepostoffice receipts for Lexington forJuly were $21,522.40, comparedwith $1S,016.15 for July of lastyear. This is an increase of $4,560.24, or 19.45 per cent, comparedwith an average increase of 10.45per cent for the 50 cities.Following the annual listing ofpostoffices and their classification,it was announced at the postofficedepartment that Kentucky, stillholds second place in the number ofpostoffices.Pennsylvania, with 2,987, leadsall States, Kentucky is second with2,568. Then comes New York with2,289, Texas with 2,288 and Virginia with 2.281. All other Stateshave less than 2,000 postoffices.HERBERTFollowing a short illness Mrs.Emma Payne Herbert, aged aboutsixty, wife of Dr. Frank A. Herbert,died Wednesday night at the familyhome in Millersburg. See the Millersburg department of THE NEWSfor an extended notice.SHIRLEY MASON HERE IN NEW tfPOX PICTURE . - .Be well and strong. Be full oflife and energy. Tanlac will do thisfor you. Tanlac is sold by all gooddruggists. ; (adv). bParsees do not bury their dead,but leave them to the fowls of theJiigh esteem in her community, and J air.;2fimfttlIt holds. yourLOVED ONESSAFEafterwards.TRUST DEPARTMENTThat money and property you have will keep yourloved ones after you are gone, if it is handled and conserved for them as you are now doing. This can be doneif you appoint our Trust Department as your EXECUTORS. Then men of known ability in finance and investments -will look after it for you and account for everypenny. Come in .now and talk it over. We want to explain what we mean by "A living Trust." We will wel-Lcome you.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co .GREGORYMrs. Mary Louise Gregory, agedseventy-six, died recently at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. ArthurTalbott, in Cynthiana. She had beenin failing health for some time.Mrs. Gregory was born in Bourboncounty in 1845, and was a daughterof the late James and MargaretSteele Pollock, of near RuddlesMills. In 1865 she was married toMr. Gregory, who died about fouryears ago. Most of their life wasspent on their farm in Bourboncounty but some years ago they moved to Harrison county, where theywere numbered among the best citizen and held in the highest regard.Mrs. Gregory is survived by threedaughters, Mrs. Claude Fisher, of"Rmirhnn countv: Mrs. Arthur Talbott, of Cynthiana; Miss Anna Gregory of Pineville, arid two brothers.The funeral was held at the family home in Cynthiana, with services conducted by Revs. J. R. Jonesand Clyde Darsie. The interment followed on the family lot inBattle Grove Cemetery.Keep a little coin for the Alamoand Grand box-office. Sihrley Mason is due, Tuesday afternoon andnight in a Fox photoplay entitled"Queenie" an exceedingly interesting story, as any one who hasread Wilbur Finley Fauley's bookwill agree.Miss Mason is always a bright andentertaining actress. With her fivefeet (in height, of course), she hasmore vivacity than any other screenartist we recall.In "Queeney" she portrays thecharacter of a girl raised as the "allaround" maid and drudge of a youngladies' seminary. Advance reportscredit the picture with plenty ofsnap and go.ADAIRA message received late Tues'day evening by Mrs. George Batterton, told of the sudden death of hersister, Mrs."" George Adair, which occurred at her home in Pensacola,''Oklahoma. The telegram gave noparticulars, merely stating that an'other message would be sent tellingwhen the body would be brought to(her old home for interment.'' Mrs. Adair was before her marri-age Miss Wellington Smith, daughter of Mrs. Julia Houston, residing.on the Clay and Kiser pike, nearParis. The news of the sudden'death of Mrs. Adair, Tvho was verypopular with a large chcK of friendsand relatives, came as a distinctshock to those who knw her. Hei'swas a sunny disposition that madebright the pathway she trod throughlife and to the friends and relativeswho knew her best she was ever loyal and true.Mrs. Adair is Survived by her husband, George Adair, formerly ofBourbon county, and two children,a son and daughter, one and fouryears old respectively; her mother,Mrs. Julia Houston, one sister, TVIrs.George Batterton, of Paris; twobrothers, Jos. B. Smith, of Parte,and Duke Smith, of Harrison county.The body will arrive in Parisprobably this morning, and will betaken to the home of Mrs. Adair's'mother, Mrs. Julia Houston, on theClay and Kiser pike, where the funeral will be held at 2:30 o'clock,Saturday afternoon. The intermentjwill follow on the family lot in the'Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearerswill be: Samuel Houston, Jos.Houston, Wm. Houston. MiltonAdair, Robert Adair,, Allen Adairo ''TWO THOUSAND LAMBS SOLDSQUARE, SINCERE SERVICELEE TIRESCORDPUNCTURE PROOFFABRICALL SIZESATTEND THE BTIELEY SALEDon't forget the rent property tobe sold Wednesday, August 16, at2 p. m.HARRIS. SPEAKES & HARRIS.(8-11-15)THE KENNEY MOTOR GO.SQUARE, SINCERE SERVICEAt the weekly sale of lambs heldin Lexington, Wednesday by ,, theFayette County Lamb and WoolGrowers' Association, 2,000 lambsCTrm.n cnU fer o 4tq1 ff mryr T1QTI17.000. Caywood & Jones, ofTbrthMWdletown, bought 244 lambs.'averaging 78 pounds,, at $12.05, anl 365lambs. aYeraginc 63 Boundaif forSTARTLINGREDUCTIONSEntire stock of this season's newest styles Oxfords and Slippers nowincluded in this money-savingClean-Sweep SaleCome and see the great, wonderful shoe values and save one-thirdto one-half of your shoe money.The Store That Saves You Money on Footwear!Great values $4.00 grades Patentand Tan Oxfords and Straps.Newest Satin Strap Slippers. Re- A nrduced to ZaUULadies' $3.50 and $4.00 grades TanOxfords and Strap Slippers in 4 ATKid. Reduced to J BJfUAnother shipment of -newest styleswhite canvas. Lace Oxfords andStraps, low and medium heels. 4 IPOn sale at J .TvA new lot of Ladies' soft kid comfort Strap Slippers, Turn Sole. frl IESale price J BluHalf Price Sale values to $4.00.Ladies' Oxfords and Straps. Tan 4 ATand black. Sale price J I U JMen's $4.00 Tan Shoes and Oxfords. Rubber heels. Reduced A ATto $3.45 and jZaUUMen's $2.50 Tan Elk Outing shoes. nAReduced to ) I 9Men's Ventilated Oxfords in TanLotus Leather for these warm f 4 j"days. On sale at .. JI.UWLadies' $2.00 Tan Barefoot San- f 4 mmdais. Reduced to B"f HMen's $5.00 Shoes and Oxfords fln if"all new styles. Reduced to . . . . $A f.lMisses' and Children's Slippers, f 4 f$3.00 grade, now JI.SJDBoy's $3.00 Tan Shoes, all sizes, 1 tf1 flf)to R Now jl.33One lot $2.00 Misses' White Can- fwtvas Shoes. Reduced to unInfants' $1.00 Slippers . rflNow 3UCOne lot Ladies' Sport Oxfords, f a AT$5.00 values. Reduced to . . .... 3fcBiUOne lot Men's Sport Oxfords, $7.00 j iavalue. Reduced to )4a4uPOSNER BROSDAN COHEN STAND336 MAIN STREETIn-cjf su,.-;.. t ...t3'5 "'J?"C'J&,