tuffs U,;j j&", --vX-'rTHE" ' ' rVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLI IPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31,' 1922.AI II 2 ' .. vxNEWSH H iifsV H H H. V H.BflBBr v-sssVHBISSMl H Bl Bm BlBSS' SBeBSHlT Bfl SSm" SHBBtSSmbi ' " IV BVkfl "VsYslMEMORIAL FUND COMMITTEE.The Memorial Fund Committee,of which James M. Caldwell, ischairman, held a social meeting inthe Circuit Court room in the courthouse, in joint session with thetrustees recently appointed by theBourbon Fiscal Court, the ParisBoard of Council and Bourbon Post,American Legion.A report of the finances was readand explained by John M. Brennan,and a list of the delinquent pledgeswas divided among the members ofthe committee, witb instructions tocollect all the pledges by Saturday.Arrangement was made for the Memorial Fund Committee to retaincontrol of the Memorial Building, atthe corner of Broadway and High,until it has been entirely "paid forand is free from indebtedness ofany nature whatever.The Board of Trustees, actingupon the advice of a member fromthe Memorial Fund Committee anda member from Bourbon Post,American Legion, will arrange aprogram for Armistice Day, to dedicate the building, Miss LucyBlythe Simms will represent the Memorial Fund Committee, and HaroldF. Harris, secretary of 'the ParisCommercial Club, will represent theAmerican Legion, on the programcommittee for the Armistice Dayexercises.Members of the Board of Trusteesare: Mrs. Allie Smith Dickson, ofNorth Middletown, Mrs. James McClure, N. Ford Brent, Jos. W. Davis,Clifton Arnsparger, and Mrs. W. 0.Hinton.DON'T FAIL TO REGISTER TODAY To-day and to-morrow are extraregistration days for those who wereout of the city, or were sick or detained at home by reason of illnessof some member of the family, onthe regular registration day. Don'tfail to register to-day or to-morrow.This is essential. Every vote willcount in the election, even if thereis a dearth of opposition. Registration books will open in the CountyClerk's office from six a. m. to ninep. m.It should be borne in mind by thevoters of Paris who are entitled toregister onjthese special registration days that this registration notonly Qualifies them to vote in theNovember election, but also to votein the State primary next August,as there will be no further registration before that time."THE PRIDEFINE CQATSON-4SPECIAL SALEThe idea of purchasing Winter Coatsat the start of the Fall at post seasonprices is responsible for our unusual1sale of Goats Our sale exceeded ourexpectations and tire hope the public 'is as pleased as we areSO AGAIN WELOVELY COATS300 of ThematPost-Season Prices:Don't wait untilgone buy nowif&&JjfeoRPOKMllDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYaJ-v ''""CITY COUNCIL PBOCCEDINGSAt the recent meeting of theBoard- of Council, held in the Council Chamber of the City Hall, it wasdecided that all violators of the cityordinances should be tried in the future by Police Judge Earnest Martin, in the police court, instead ofin the County Court, as has been thecustom heretofore.Mayor E. B. January presided atthe meeting. The .following Councilmen were present: Doyle, Kenney, Santen, Skillman, Henry andSpeakes, and City Attorney C. A.McMillan.The sum of $250. was appropriated by the city toward the purchaseof an automobile for the use of Mrs.Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse forthe Bourbon County Health and"Welfare League. An ordinance pertaining to the testing of cows fortuberculin, which was passed severalweeks ago, was amended so as toallow veterinarians who are notgraduates but have the proper credentials, to make those tests.An order was made to refundPhilip Hopkins the sum of $5.00 asthe unexpired part of a city license.A complaint was made by George W.Stuart of an unfair assessment ofhis property on Mt. Airy and thematter was referred to the Grievance Committee, to be reported atthe next meeting.After considerable , discussion amajority of the CouncilmeiL. votedthat John M. Stuart be granted apermit to hold a dance once a weekfrom now on until May, 1923, without paying an additional licenseover what he paid this year. Thevote on the proposition stod fourfor and two against.The Council approved a suggestion that each member of the policeforce be provided for the winterwith new overcoats and shoes. Anadditional electrician was orderedappointed at the fire department.SOME SHOOTINGThe Bourbon Gun Club will holdits last shoot of the season Wednesday afternoon, Nov. 1, and it willsure be "some shooting." A largecrowd wilf be out, all trying to winone of the eight trophies that .arenow on display in the Sweet Shopwindow. As this is a 100-targetrace, added bird handicap, all shooters must be on the ground and entered by 2:30 to shoot for trophies.Shooters arriving after that timewill be allowed -to shoot, but not forvthe trophies. Visitors welcome.ROXIE DAVIS, Secretary.:OF PARIS"iSAY-half the season ms :ks:1 2&THE GRIDIRON FIELDSATURDAY'S RESULTSSt. 'Xavier's School, 7; Paris.High School, 0.Flemingsburg High, 14; AshlandHigh, 0Nicholasville, 12; Richmond, 7.Kentucky University, 7; Sewanee,''0.Centre, 32; Louisville, 7.Sewanee Freshmen. 7; Centre 0.Eastern State Normal, 6; Cumberland College, 0.Chattanooga, 40; Transylvania 6.Georgetown, 0; Morris Harvey, 0.Louisville Manuel, 26; St. XavierfHigh, (Cincinnati) 20.The - North Middletown High'School football team defeated thesecond team from the Mt. SterlingHigh School, at North Middletown,Saturday afternoon by a score of 37to 0.Cynthiana High School defeatedthe Millersburg Military Institutein a one-sided game, by the score of39 to-0, on Cynthiana grounds.One of the largest crowds of theseason witnessed the football gajneat Hancock Field Saturday afternoon between the St. Xaviers College team, of Louisville, and theParis High School team, which wascalled promptly at 2:15 o'clock.The game was fought to a finish byboth squads, the St. Xaviers teammaking a touchdown in the finalquarter, making the score 7 to 0 infavor of the visitors. The LouisvilleboK showed speed in their plays, forthe most part long forward passes.Paris manifested a stronger punchin line plays and short bucks offtackle. Time of quarters. 12 minutes; referee, W. G. Nash, (Georgeown' College;) umpire, Arnsparger,(Centre College) ; head linesman,Thos. Link (Kentucky University.)Substitutes: For Paris, McCartyfor Williams, Turner for McCann,"Young" Taylor for Turner, Christman for "Young" Taylor; for St.Xavier, Schwak for Hallahan. TheParis team was minus the supportof two good men, Nash and Dalzelle,whose presence would have contributed very materially toward gaininga victory over the Fall City boys. Alarge number of former Parisians'residing in Louisville made the daya "homecoming" to see the game andthe old town. - .NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.ON ACCOUNT OF THIS DROUTHOUR WATER SUPPLY MAY BE SOREDUCED AS TO NECSSITATE ALIMITED SERVICE TO CONSUMERS. WILL ASK ALL TO ECONOMIZE IN USE OF WATER, ESPECIALLY THROUGH HOSE.PARIS WATER COMPANY.(oct31-nov 3)oDR. MARSHALL HEAD OF STATECHIROPRACTORSDr. Lillard T. Marshall, of Lexington, was elected president ot iiueKentucky.. Association of Chiropractors at the closing session of its annual convention in the PhoenixHotel, at Lexington, Saturday. Thenext convention of the associationwill be on the last Friday and Saturday in October, 1923in Lexington. After the close of the morning ses- Jsion luncheon was served in the dining room. At 1:30 the meeting wasreopened and the final business ofthe convention discussed. Uponcalling the roll it was found thatover 100 delegates were present.The other officers elected for thecoming year are as follows: Dr. W.H. Dunn, Louisville, vice-president;Dr. F. C. Huber, Louisville, secretary; Dr. Homer Marshall. Frankfort, treasurer. The board of directors will be composed of the follow-ine: Doctors J. H. Durham. CieiiFowler, J. A. Ohlson, J. R. Garr. allof Louisville, and S. P. Mohney, ofpariS.Dr. Marshall said that the meet-ine- was a great success and ex -pressed a desire that the next convention will be as well attended.TAXPAYERS NOTICETO AVOID ERRORS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS' WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES FOR OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRUCTED TO DO SO.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.PEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON -AGRICULTURAL BAtiK& TRUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)PROMPT SETTLEMENTLouis Wollstein, secretary of theinea-noa. donnrtmont nf RftthboneTfleo tc of P.. Paris, vesterdayoi,i tut Mnrv TTArHmrtnn 2.-uvt vw w. --.. ....uc- ,j r000. being the amount of a policyheld in the order by her huabnd,ALL READY FOR THE HALLOWE'EN PROGRAMA cordial invitation - is herebyextended to all the people of Parisand Bourbon county to attend the tucky Bluegrass Seed Co-operativeCommunity Hallowe'en entertain-' Association was held Friday afterment to be given in front of the ' noon, in the offices of the Bourboncourt house to-night. All arrange-1 Agricultural Bank and Trust Comments have been perfected for hav-!pany, in this city. An agreementing a real good time. A program was entered into the permit growhas been arranged that will furnish ers who are members of the associamusement for both old and young, I ation to sell two carloads of bluethe grown-ups and the children I grass seed each at twenty-four centsalike. a pound.The following is the program to A considerable amount of the seedbe observed to-night: , has already been sold, it was stated,Grand march begins promptly at ( but the price was not made public.7:30 o'clock, p. m.; judging and i Members of the committee whoawarding of costume prizes, $5 for attended the Paris meeting were:the mos original costume, $5 for j John W. Jones, secretary, Norththe moat comical costume, $5 for i Middletown- Wm. D. Mclntyfe, Milthe belt historical costume, Judges, lersburg, representing BourbonMrs. Wm. G. Talbott, Mrs. James j county; Thomas Brock, Wm. ChesMcClure. Mrs. Harry Kerslake, Mrs. ter, representing Clark county;John F Davis; community games onthe court house lawn, under direction of Mrs. J. C. Nickerson- andassistants; band concert; intermission; announcement of winners ofwindow display contest, first prize,$15, second, $10, third $5; commu-j Misses Kittie Conroy, of Mt. Sternity singing under direction of pro- ling; Martha Pate, of Hartford;fessional song leaders; community Margaret Lavin, of Paris, Margaretgames; band concert refreshmentsand "good night," continuous attractions, band concert; Zaza Aliafortune teller.. The full width of Main street infront of the court house will beroped off, and kept free from vehi-cle traffic, so that the children will jbe in no danger. The first floor ofthe court house will be lighted andopen for the convenience of thosewho. tit tend.Come in mask, or unmasked andiaeciarea in tne contest last year onespend an ejoyable few hours on thisjf the most popular girls at the Unigreat national holiday. You will beamused and entertained. Let allcares go and attend the big Hallowe'en affair in front of the courthouse to-night.COURT NEWSSheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilkey paid a visitSaturday afternoon" to the farm of-w TVhncrm nn the old Hill Uikenear the Scott -and Bourbon county NOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLline They placed John J. Hill un- AND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYder arrest on a charge of having a AT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'Smoonshine still in his possession, 'DEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMand brought him to Paris. It de- PANY.veloped that the still, one of themost complete all-copper affairs of30-gallon capacity, was located justacross the line in Scott county,though Hill resided in Bourbon jSixty gallons of fresh mash werefound beside the still. This was'poured out, and the still and prisoner brought to the Sheriff's office.When arraigned in the County Courtbefore County Judge George Batter-,ton, Hill confessed that he had beenoperating the plant for over a year,and entered a plea of guilty to thethe charge. He was held to thegrand jury in $500 bond, in default,of which he was sent to jail.Mike Walters, white, who gave!three members of the Paris police ,force a hard fight before he wouldsubmit to arrest, was arraigned be-tore Judge Ernest Martin in PoliceCourt and given a fine of $10 andcosts and a jail sentence of thirtydays. The jail sentence was afterward suspended. In assisting in the .arrest and during the struggle withWalters, Patrolman Roy Turner bus-tained a sprained back, which incapacitated him for duty for a shorttime.WHOSE CAR WAS IT?Residents - in the vicinity or .vicinityFourteenth and High streets arewondering as to the identity, of thetwo young women whose car des-cribed a parabolic curve at an earlyhour yesterday morning, and landedj in a rather vrude manner against a'telephone pole near the corner.j wrecking the car and also the pole,.The pole was broken in two placesand the car was rendered nors aecombat.It was stated that the two youngwomen, whose identity is still anundetermined quantity, were cutand bruised by flying glass, butthey managed to get away from thescene without anyone being thewiser as to who they were. Later onthe car was called for and takenaway, but everyone maintained anair of secrecy, no information beingvouchsafed that would throw lighton tle affair. It was not even possible to find out what garage, if any,the damaged car had been taken to,in spite of queries made for thatthat purpose.- oAGED NEGRO DEAD"Uncle" Silas Robinson, an agedcolored servant in the employ of Jno.M. Clay, at Clay's Cross Roads, nearPaYis. died suddenly last wee iroma Stroke OI apoplexy. Xe W VBroaching the Clay residence in com-nanv with Mrr Clay d', two srT-t w . .. i T- I... Aants wen nftw,KncM.. . u.been-a '.faithful sirramt: in. the Clay,SEED SALE AUTHORIZED ATMEETINGA special meeting of the Executive Committee of the Central Ken-Robt. Gay, Woodford county; J. D.Marshall, Fayette county.PARIS GIRL IN POPULARITYCONTESTCormley and. Frances Smith, of Lexington, and Ann Hickman, of Washington, were declared winners in theannual popularity contest held atthe University of Kentucky.Miss Conroy, who is a senior student at the University and editor ofthe Kentuckian. the college annualreceived the largest number of votes609 being cast for her, almost 200more than were received by anyother student. Miss Conroy wasversity.Miss Martha Pate, who receivedthe second highest number of votes,is a junior at the University andsponsor of the band. She was declared last year the most populargirl in the sophomore class.CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOWTHE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FOR'COLLECTION. YOUR TAXES AREC. K. THOMAS,Collector.(13 tf?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSCoats That Flareand Coats That Don'tVariety that's what the new coats provide, areertainly they are varied enough to make selection a source of pleasure. In styling and fabricthey provide for every need, and in trimmingah, there is where they excel themselves meeting every taste, be it gimple or elaborate. Fabricsare lovely, prices are moderate what more canone ask?KRANK&CO.LADIES' OOTFTTTERS.' MURDERER TO BE EEECTIO- .- c CUTED jDuring the second week in Notvember, Elias Ridge, the negro whocruelly murdered Mrs. GeorgtfAdair, formerly Miss WellingtonSmith, of Paris, at her home near;Pensacola, Okla., on August 8, willpay the penalty of his crime by ba-ing electrQcuJtedi atteOklallta(V AState penitentiary.Following the murder Ridge wasfplaced in the Craig county jail, an$a mob of eight hundred men madean unsuccessful attempt to lnyclihim. The attempt was fustrated anRidge was spirited away. He mada confession, in which he statedthat the deed was planned by aaolder negro, his brother-in-law. Thlatter has been tried and given a lifesentence in the penitentiary. These vtwo were the only negroes in thatsection of Oklahoma.- They weregiven 160 acres of land by the government and settled on it. The land,adjoins the Adair farm and since themurder it has been sold to neighsbors.THE PRESBYTERIAN REVIVALDr. Ernest Thacker,' who is tohold a two-weeks' revival meetingrat the Paris Presbyterian cburch,arrived Saturday, with his somg:leader, Prof. T. B. Roddy. Themeeting began Sunday with a largeattendance, the edifice being confortably crowded with an interested audience. Services were heldboth morning and evening.Yesterday morning Dr. Thackerheld services, taking for his theme,"The Conditions of Assured Success," and in the evening, "TheGreatest Revival I Have EverSeen." Dr. Thacker has been in'strictly evangelistic work in theSouthern Presbyteran church forthe past seventeen years. Serviceswill be held each day during the two.weeks, except on Saturdays, at10:30 a. m., and 7:30 p. m.The community has held a seriesof business men's pareyer meetingsduring the past week in preparation,for the revival, the last one beinsheld Saturday afternoon, in theoffice of the Paris Commercial Club.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)i m4. CtJII1miwho died here short time fcfo.laUy -fprf manr X: -j. i-.-v-. - s vr -vZyit. ? 'ff .& '-'"'PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY. OCTOBER 31, 1122 1--3 j -,S "".THE BOURBON NEWSJMaUiiked lSf-l 41 Years of Continaons Publication.Pailished Every Tuesday and FridayvPtr Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance."WIFE CHAMP, Editor and Owner.dCSattnd at the Paris, Kentucky,Mt6fflf as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)iOUE, FOREIGN EEPBESENTATIVES. Mew YorkAmerican Press Asso--sftation.Chicago lord & Thomas.k Pkilfcdeiplda M. W. -Ayers, & Son.Atlanta Massengale AdT. AgencyCimcinnati Blaine Thompson CoLonisville-i-IiOwman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATES-Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per inchMch subsequent insertion.'Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading: notices in black-jps 20 cents per line, each issue.XU&rds of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedJto decline any advertisement or'iker matter for publication.Announcements for political officesjnust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofmny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsmZ THE BOURBON NEWS will beladly corrected if brought to theatteation Of- the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSHe who speaks in a smoky hall,Addresses an assemblage small;He who for ads puts his cash downCan get the ears of the town.If the advocates of impartial lawenforcement will stand up and becounted we fear the result will benothing. Everybody wants himselfto be exempt. Isn't that the truth?Irene Castle brings word fromFrance that the women of Paris arenow exposing their ears. "We fearedall along that the extreme limitwould be reached, and suspectedthat it would some time reach Paris,Kentucky.We've come to the conclusion thatthe typical Paris human being isthe man or woman who declaresloudly that the temperature should-not-'be higher than sixty-eight in ahouse in the winter, and who basksliappily in eighty degrees when "tnesnow is falling outside and the iceIs gathering for the feet of the unwary. The dog tax law is as dead as a' -door nail, we opine, judging fromthe number of blanket pardons issu-ed by Governor Edwin Morrow. Thelatest grind from the Morrow pardon mill is a batch of three hundred. lor persons in Muhlenberg county.-All those who do not list and paywill just be out that much cash, isthe'way it looks to us.The supposed burglar who climbd through an open window in a"Xiouisville home went into the kitch-en. procured a steak from the icebox and fried and ate it must havebeen a desperate criminal, for only. -a criminal, according to the estheticxmee, would fry a steak, and only ar desperate man would have courage:o eat a friend steak.Twe Paris merchants were engag-ed in an animated discussion in thetlobby of the Paris Grand Fridayaiight regarding buisness prospectsrior the fall and winter. One was:lncline4 to taake an optimistic view,-sviile the other saw only gloom-jaheai. He began "knocking" everything, from President Harding ondown to the low stage of water inStoner Creek. Finally, his sunny.-dispositioned friend could stand nolonger, and he closed the performance, with the remark: "See here,Jfellow, the devil lived in Heavenuntil he began knocking now justjaee where he is."LEXINGTON DOGS WINThe Kentucky State Fox Hunters'Association closed its annual meet-" 3ng at Bloomfield. Highest honorswent to Yankee, owned by Lafayette-"Kenmels, Lexington, winner of theZAU-Age Challenge Trophy. Awardsmade were: All-age class: First,rXankee; jjecond, Champion Sweep,third. Belle, all owned by LafayetteKeanels; fourth, Red, owned by W.IE. Harrison, of Louisville.o"Doubtless during campaigns moreJtolka would take to the woods were"3it met for the stumpspeechee.RESUMJSG ORGANIZATION WORKAs ,thtffall?.comes on, the variousorganizations of a community beginto organize their plans for activities for the cqming season.The welfare of a place dependslargely upon the efforts of the various associations which express itsdesires and ambitions. Withoutchurches, lodges, clubs, businessmen's associations, etc., the community would degenerate morally, itsbusiness would deteriorate, its people would be given over to pettyfeuds and would have no power ofcb-operatlon Organization concentrates the forces of a town on theends it desires to attain.The welfare of Paris dependslargely on whether the people whoform and carry on these various sosocieties are putting heart and energy and. good judgment into theirwork. Usually the labors of suchorganizations must be borne by afew. But the few can not get results, unless they have the activesupport of their members, and unless the people as a whole are willing to join the various civic organizations, and at least give a good degree of financial and moral support.The "joiners" who ally themselveswith all kinds of societies are sometimes laughed at. But they do a lotto promote civic advance. They givethe encouragement of their presence in various directions, they takemore than their share of the burdens, and they make the communitya place that is good to live in.The person who holds himself outside of all such associations is ananomaly in American life. He deprives himself of many benefits aswell as refuses to join a number ofgood organizations and attend meetings as far as he can, and accept responsibilities in same when his associates think he is fit to carrythem.WONDERFUL EFFECTS IN NEWLY-DISCOVEREDCAVE'A second excursion was made intothe newly-discovered cave on theJake Corman farm, near Wilmore,by Logan Corman, John Rhorer andFred Wardlow, who advanced fourmiles without evidence that the endwas nearer than when they entered.Dynamite is being used to enlargethe narrow entrance. Stalactites andstalagmites abound, and in onechamber the stalactites give forthmusical sounds like from a gianttuning fork. The cavern follows astream which disappears over a deepdecavity near the erftrance. Arrangements are being made for acomplete exploration, and the excited community believes that a natural wonder rivaling Mammoth Caveis a possibility.oHAPPY VOTES FOR WOMENGiving women the vote is undoubtedly proving a success in thelong run. Yes, we use "long run."kindly as well as advisedly, becausethe dear girls were quite a longend came from rupture of a bloodly speaking. Of course, as the better halves of many a household women have wielded lefts to maintaintheir rights, but "their activities atthe polls are quite recent. It isn'texactly the women's fault that theyhaven't always had the privilege ofthe ballot. But the men had exclusive rights on the proposition solong that it never occurred to themto let women into the political game.When the men folk were thoroughlyconvinced that women were seriousin their desire to vote, why it wasn'tlong before they gave them thefranchise. 'The entrance of womeninto the world of politics bringswith it many humorous incidentswhich suggest joke's to the humorrists of the press.oTUNING IN ON RADIO LAUGHS"Have you a little radio in yourhome?" Our question may be answered affirmatively by" a goodly percentage of our citizens. This modern invention is furnishing entertainment here, there ("and everywhere. It provides an easy way ofbeing amused just tune in andlisten. It reminds us-of a man arguing with his wife. All he has todo is to listen while his wife broadcasts. Only, poor hubby can notturn off the entertainment (?) asthe radio fan can. Of course, if thenerly happyweds have a radio, hubby can turn on the machine whenwifie becomes tempermental, andlet her hear a tempermental operastar vocalize. This should prove adistinction which will erase allthoughts of argument from thewedded pair and the evening shouldcontinue happily ever after as longas the radio is in tune. The largenumber of jokes centering aroundradio that are appearing in thepress, attests to the popularity ofthe new invention.oMalaria! "Hunting Ground."About W out of every 100 nativestxtmlned in nro village near LakeMaracalSb, Tenezuela, showed lnfeoI tion from malaria.DTE MIND THE TIMEnWhen These Things Happened InParis, As Told in THENEWS' Files?DAYS OF AULD LANG SYNEThere's no denying that to mostof ns fTinrp is a certain satisfactionin reviewing the events of long ago,'as they are presented to us, eitherJ casually or by force of some reminiscent strain of the moment. Andto those who lived here in the longago the recalling of events in theold days of Paris affords a peculiarsatisfaction all its own. They, perhaps, more than we who haveerownused to the old place, willj appreciate these items, taken atrandom from a copy of THE BOUR'BON NEWS, of Wednesday, February 2, 1881:Gen, R. M. Gano sold 30,000 acres'of Texas lands to Maysville partiesat 29 c per acre,j Alex McClintock has had three'buyers for his jacks and stallions,'from parties at a distance, who sawhis advertisement in THE NEWS.' BIRTHS To the wife of Ossiani Edwards, nee Alice Paton, of Paris,a son her first born. To the wifeof Rev. John W. Harris, of Hutchi1 son's Station, on Sunday night, ason.I On Wednesday last, of croup, athree-year-old son of Silas Yeager,died, near Black's Cross Roads, afteran illness of a day or two.Col. E. P. Harrison has sold hishouse and lot on the Georgetownpike to Rev. Geo. Varden.j Charley Lancaster has moved into the house on Pleasant street, lately vacated by Geo. W. Stolworthy.Alex. McClintock has returned.from Georgia. He reports marketsmoderate. The people in that State,are complaining of bad weather,j Pete Howell, the ubiquitious rej porter, fell and fractured his arm, inLexington, the other day.Capt. Ed. Taylor, formerly a weUknown dry goods merchant of thiscity, but now of Cincinnati, was in.town this week.J White is coming back. "Joshua.Whitcomb," "Hidden Hand" and"The Molly Maguires" will be theplays produced. They open on Friday evening next.Fannie May and "her troup ofj "blonde wigs" came to our city last(Thursday evening and amused theboys, although they are not the bestcompany on the road.James E. Keefe and Miss BridgetShinners, of this city, are to bemarried at the Catholic church, onFebruary, 9, at one o'clock. Theywill go on a wedding tour.J. Ray McCann, a member of the"Oaken Hearts" Combination" whichwere playing at the Coliseum in Cincinnati last week, took a run up tosee his old home and friends lastThursday. He is looking exceedingly well and the business seems toagree with him.Bob Porter, of the Capital Gazette(now defunct) as a compositor,dropped down on us in a friendlycall, on Wednesday evening last.Bob saw and conversed with JoeParrish, in the penitentiary, wherehe found him well contented and atwork in the spinning department.On Wednesday morning, last,while B. F. Wilson was in Paris, andhis wife at her father's John Clay,his residence and nearly all of hishousehold goods t were destroyed byfire. Seventeen hundred dollars insurance was on the property, whichwas nothing like its full value.The members and officers of thePresbyterian church, (S. G. A.,) ofthis 6ity, held a t congregationalmeeting last Sunday morning 'andtook a vote as to whether the churchshould call the Rev. Mr. Rutherford,of St. Louis.- Thetvote was unanimous, and the call will be made atonce. The salary was fixed at $ 2,0 00a year.Jasper Offutt, of Paris, has soldhis celebrated stallion, Montrose, toMissouri parties, for $2.000. ' He hastaken more premiums than anyhorse in Kentucky. It was almostimpossible in sporting classes, to get;a bet against him when he entered atring.Four young lawyers of Paris willbe candidates for County Attorneyat the proper season, viz: EmmettDickson, Kelly Brent, Billy Purnelland Ben Paton. the present incum-ibent. Also Judge Matt Turney andRussell Mann, will be candidatesfor the County Judgeship.Col. Rodney Haggard, of Winchester, in rnmnnnv with rn1 njinAVdropped down on us Wednesdaynight the former greeting hismany constituents in the Senatorialj canvass, and the latter urging that.same old claim in matrimonial interests. Col. Haggard was well re-ceived by our citizens, most of whomare already pledgetd to support him.Arlington's Minstrels, on theirway to Georgetown to give an entertainment, were thrown over an embankment, while riding in an omnibus, and several of the performersseriously injured. It is a pity thatthis accident hadn't befallen thembefore they came to Paris, for theirshowwas a'wfur'"Q;ueer.0 25?.Died, at his residence nearWright's Station, on. Sunday last,Major Jos. W. Stivers, of ulcer of thestomach. A surgical diagnosis ofthe case was made by Dr. Howard.The deceased had been sick butabout two weeks. Mr. Stivers obtained the rank of Major in the Federal-army,during the late war. Hewas the inventor nd manufacturerof the Stivers'. Blue Grass Stripper,the proceeds of which amassed hima considerable fortune, of which heleft in his will $10,000 to each ofhis seven children.Elder J. B. Briney, editor of theApostolic Times, (Christian), andElder W. C. Taylor, (Baptist), areto debate soon, as Oakland Station,the following propositions:1. The church in Kentucky thatcalls itself the "Christian Church,and to which I, J. B. Briney, belong,is the church of the New Testiment.Briney affirms.2. The church in Kentucky thatcalls itself the Baptist Church, andto which I. W. C. Taylor, belong, isthe church of the New Testament.Taylor affirms."COLD IN Tr 1 HEAD?is an acute attack of JNasPl Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that tne use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render thtm less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh .may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo Ohio.oOLD JACK FROSTHecame last night with step assoft as sleepSo quietly we did not hear him pass;We found his silver witchery on thegrassAnd the white wool ofall his wonder-sheep;Ah, what a herder, what a magicfield,A world new-built of rainbow andof mistOpal and pearl and glittering amethyst, Touched by the sun into a suddengold.The bounds of Time are smitten bythis dawn -And we are carried on unchartedseas;Our little back-yard world is all forgot; We know at last where Illium hasgoneHere are the gates of the Hesperides, And all the gold-tipped towers ofCamelot.NOW IS THE BEST TIMENow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. oThe old-time college student wasbetter at whoa-back than at fullback. CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPr ,4 WHITE BABBEHS-4- Modern Efuipmemt..Expert and Polite SerrioeHOT AND COLD BATHSPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Klier, PresidentB. llWeathere, Vice PresidentW. YllPlklUAtU, JahierJno. W. Yerkee, Asa't CullerDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...FARMERS 8 TRADERSBANKJUNE 30, 1121THE LAST LU1EThe far ways keep W calling whenyouth is ontnerwing,Time's old adventure luring pasthorizons white with foam;The hot foot and the light heart arebound to have their fling,And morning dreams are weary inthe 'little paths of home.The long roads that wander beyondthe purple crestHow fajrjmd gjaod they listen withtheir sheen of fairy gold;And young hearts must follow thedim and endless quest,That drifts on the tempest and havens .with the cold.Hearts that were young, come atlast to twilight dreams.And silent grow the voices that called across the foam;And old eyes are "hungry for the little light that gleamsFeeble but faithful by "the littlepaths of home.oThe man of one idea has it onmost of us by a margin of one.FOR SALEGenuine quarter-sawed missionOak sectional book cases, with desksections. Call Cumberland Phone614, Paris, Ky. (27-2t)FOR SALEAn A-l fresh Jersey Cow; also afew "choice Rhode Island Red pullets. MRS. O. C. HEDGES,(20-tf) Cumb. Phone 253.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate , of Richard Strother, deceased, are hereby requested to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpaymenf.All persons" knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said Richard Strother, arehereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness. NEWTON STROTHER,Administrator of Richard Strother.(10-lmo)Over $5,000 in PrizesFAT AND FEEDING CATTLESHOW AND SALEBourbon Stock YardsLOUISVILLE, KY.November 23 and 24, 192230 carloads' of choice Kentuckyand Tennessee fat steers.also25 carloads of Prime BabyBeevesfed by the Boys and Girls' Clubswill compete in the Junior Agricultural Club Exhibit.FEEDERS.Liberal prizes will bring manycarloads of fancy feeders.25 Registered Hereford, Shorthorn and Angus bulls will be offered from Kentucky's leadingherds.BOURBON STOCK YARDS CO.Educational and Interesting.GET YOUR BULBS NOW!We are display ing 'the most complete assortment wehave eyer had. The same high grade we use for ourown cut flower growing. Don't fail to investigate before buying.JOHN CHRISTMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St, Near Main Both Phoneswmitc -sm.i i niiiiiiimmn i t.a4-gpf-'iWe HandleElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W.MAIN STREETINTERURBAN TIMETABLEParia toLexington7:05 a. jn.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.l:Q5r-p. m.2 05 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. at.-7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. a.10:00 a, m.HiOO a. m.1:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00p.4:09je. !7:99 p. a.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.3:05 a. in.'4:05. p. m.5:05-p. m.6:ff5-p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. ,m.10-: 05, p. jn.11:55 p. m.Cain Fare. 60c: Ticket Fara. 54Commutation 52 trip monthly book.912.00. Tickets, single trip, or 1mttiamtltTe,-4ate unlimited, sold setween'-all .paints at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION1HNAL CO.& TEE(dec6-tf)TYPEWRITERSA Few Used Coronas AtVery Attractive PricesWE ALSO OFFER ALLMAKES OF USED LARGETYPEWRITERS$12.50AtupTYPEWRITER SUPPLIESRepairing and RebuildingTypewriter Service Co.236 E. Fifth St., Cincinnati, O.(octl7-24-31-brighter;EVENINGSJust HistoryIn 76 v -.The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gnestiBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gai.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.All Kinds ofNoveltiesSPICEROPP. COURT HOUSE f'w i j1Fv,5i Ji i ir-y-, t r , ' - . rr - f , - - - . w .. .A ( f rf X -.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 19 2 iTHB-'BOUltBON, NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY&.-. , , .,-, -.-; 9AGM 'VWtmMMgPAEM SHORT COURSE TO OPENNOVEMBER 1.The first term of the annual twoterm short course in practical agriculture offered to farm men 'andboys of the State by the College ofAgriculture will open November 1,according to an announcement byThomas P. Cooper, dean of the college. Almost 30 subjects includinga variety in soils and crops, livestock, entomology, farm economicsand horticulture will be offered forstudy, the instruction in these tohe given by members of the regularcollege faculty. The first term willend December 21, while the secondterm will open January 2. and continue until Febreuary 24. Eitherone or both courses may be taken.Some of the subjects which willbe given attention in the soils andcrops course include soil fertility,soil physics and management, farmcrops, plant diseases, gas enginesand tractors, sanitary equipmentfor the farm and hygiene and sanitation. Under these various heads,the students will study why soilsdiffer in producing power, how poorsoils can be made to produce largercrops, wheat commercial fertilizersshould be used and how; how soilshave been formed, the manner ofplanting different crops, methods ofcontrolling field, orchard and garden crop incects, stationary gas engines and tractors, and water supply and sewage disposal systems.In the livestock courses, thebreeds of livestock and the judgingof them, the principles of feeding,beef production, sheep and pork production, the breeding of farm animals, farm dairying, dairy manufacturing, farm butchering, poultryproduction and diseases of livestockwill be studied:Injurious insects and beekeepingwill receive particular attention inthe entomology courses while . thefarmer's relation to society, farmmanagement and co-operative marketing will be among he subjectsoffered in the farm economicscourses. The home orchard andfruit garden and the farm vegetable garden will be stressed in thehorticulture course.GOOD SEED CORN PLENTIFULPROPER STORAGE IMPORTANTGOOD NEWSMany Paris Readers Have Heard Itand Profited Thereby"Good news trayels fast," and themany body back sufferers in Parisare glad to learn where relief maybe found. Many a lame, weak andaching back is bad no more, thanksto Doan's Kidney Pills. Our citizens are telling the good news oftheir experience with this testedremedy. Here is an example worthreading:Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, Paris, says: "I fell and received an injury which left my kidneys in a weakened condition. Isuffered severely and although Itook different remedies nothing gaveme a bit of relief. My back achedand pained until I thought it wouldbreak, and sharp twinges of painshot through my kidneys. In oneweek after taking Doan's KidneyPills I felt like a different woman,and I still take them when I feelmy kidneys need a tonic." (Statement given February 17, 1809.)On November 12, 1920, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills arecertainly all they are claimed to beand I recommend them just asstrongly to-day as I did many yearsago. I gladly confirm my formerstatement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Mil-burn,Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.STATE JOURNAL GETS PRINTINGCONTRACTContracts for first-class printingand binding for the State for fouryears beginning January 1, 1923,have been let to the State JournalCompany of Frankfort. No actionwas taken on the bids submitted forsecond, third and fourth class printing. Arthur L. Doyle, AssistantSecretary of State,, and Joe Bradburn, Printing Commissioners, willgo over the bids submitted and compare the various figures before thewinning bidders will be madeknown.Weather conditions in Kentuckythis summer and early-.tliig.Jfay havebeen such that farmers of theState should have no trouble ingathering plenty of first class seedcorn, according to E. N. Fergus, amember of the soils and crops department of the Kentucky Agricultural Exepriment Station. Thebiggest seed corn problem right nowis to get the grain dried out andstored in a good place before freezing weather comes. Much valuabletime that would be lost in makingextra germination " tests in thespring can be saved by taking a little-timenow to make sure that seedcorn is properly stored."The important point in storingseed corn is to place the ears whereair can circulate around each one ofthem and at the same time to makethem safe from rats and mice. Onthe average farm, about the onlyway to protect stored seed fromthese pests is to bang it in the topof cribs, sheds, attics or dry basements. The ears can be strung onbinder twine or hangers can bemade of wire fence. If desirable,wire hangers can be bought at reasonable prices.There are various ways of storing seed to provide ideal drying conditions, such as shelves, dryingracks and posts studded with nailsupon which the ears are stuck. Thechief requirement is to have plentyof space between the ears so thatthey can be bone dry before freezing weather. There is not muchdanger of injuring the germinationof the seed by storing it in a roomthat is kept at a temperature of 70degrees throughout the winter, although high temperature that woulddry the corn out excessively are tobe avoided. roNOT SO BADI sure miss the summer, cause itsalways mighty sweet,And my heart will up and hankerfor the good old swimming hole;And the juicy watermelon patch wastempting to my feet,And roastin' ears, all buttered,was a rapture to my soul;But still in cool judiciousness, I ownthere is a balmIn winter's icy treasure-box, thatmakes me contemplateThe coming of the snow drifts witha heart serene and calm.And holds me from indulging in awild assault on Fate.Now let me put it to you whatfiner circumstanceCould an old and sinful hungeringof memory requireTo give it full possession of the glories of Romance,Then the vision of a chilly mornbeside the kitchen fireWith the kettle gladly singing, andthe good wife singing, too,And your appetite just rairin' anddefyin' stummick-ache,And like a gift from Heaven comesinto your startled viewThe bacon-drippings oozing downthe steaming buckwheat cake.PERSONALSJoseph Lavin has gone to HotSprings, Ark., for a three-weeks'stay. .Mr. and Mrs. E. I. Milner havereturned from a pleasant visit tofriends and relatives in WesternKentucky.Mrs. J. M. Scott, who has beenvery ill at her home on Duncan avenue, continues to make substantialimprovement.Mrs. Cecil Haggard, of Winchester, spent the week-end in Paris,as guest of her sister, Mrs. ClaySutherland.Thomas Drennan has returnedto his home near Paris from an extended visit to friends and relativesin Fleming county.Mr. and Mrs. Clifford Ferguson,bf Minneapolis, Minn., are guests ofMr. and Mrs. John A. Bower, attheir home on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Harry H. Hancock left Saturday morning for anextended trip to California andpoints of interest in the West.Wm. H. Talbott has returned tohis home in Winchester after a visitto his brother, Samuel Talbott, onFifteenth street, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turneyhave returned from a visit to Mrs.Bettie Brent Turney and Mrs. W. A.Johnson, at Cherokee Inn, Louisville. C. W. Young and son, PrestonYoung, of Owingsville, are visitingthe former's sister, Mrs. Harry O.James, at their home on Pleasantstreet.' , )FMiss Imogene Redmon, of Cypress street, is a patient at theNorton Memorial Infirmary, in Louisville. WllPrp RllP .rppPTltlv rnidov.went an operation. She Ts reported i been transmitted to the Governor asGOVERNOR HAS NO VETOSix years ago the Legislaturemade a change in the law governingthe appointment of notaries "publicand since that time such appointments no longer are required tobeconfirmed by the State Senate. Nowthe Governor makes the appointments of notaries public and is notrequired to transmit them for formal ratification.It happened that the Governormade hundreds of these -appointmentswhile the Legislature wasnot in session -and action upon themby the Senate took up a lot of timeand was besides unnecessary sinceevery appointment always was duly"advised and consented to." Almostinvariably it happened that theGovernor dumped a long list of notary public appbintments on the Senate when it was engrossed withsome important business that wasinterrupted for the required confirmation; this was the prime reasonfor the change in the law.There is one act of the Legislature to which the veto power of theGovernor does not extend. This isthe ratification of an amendment tothe Federal Constitution.This was tested out in 1910,when Governor Wilson undertook toveto the ratification by the Legislature of the Income Tax amendmentto the Constitution of the UnitedStates. Despite the executive disapproval, the action of the GeneralAssembly was certified to. Washington, with the result that Kentuckywas counted for ratification of theamendment. Since that time legislative action ratifying a FederalConstitutional amendment has notTurkeys Wanted!Highest cash-price paid for turkeys, geese, ducks,chickens, game, eggs, and all other country produce.We charge no commission, we buy exclusively; writefor prices.Coops and cases furnished to our "shippers.THE BUCKEYE PRODUCE CO., Inc.Ill EAST FRONT ST. CINCINNATI, OHIO- - .-rTas doing very well.Among the many visitors in thecity last week were B. F. Adcock,real estate man, of Winchester, former resident of Paris, and T. J. Biggerstaff, prominent farmer andbreeder, of Mt. Sterling.(is required of other bills and resolutions.THE PROHIBITION PARADOXProhibition seems to have furnished a paradox in the apparent elevation in the standinsr nf thp "hnnt-Mr and Mrs James A. Ellis ! legger as compared witn the esti.and. little son, of Sharonville Ohio. matIon in which he was neld in themc vionug at, uie iiuine oi lvira.Ellis' TJarfitit.R. Mr a-nr Mrs .Tnhn TTriov.ni i-n v. ,,. iir- -mi,. 'ThenKjauai, ill iiiiv, 11.. lJ.ia. Jill I m wasformerly Miss Damie Cahal.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, Miss Eli-days of the licensed liquor traffic.the- "bootlesrsrer" and thekeeper of a "blind tiger" were universally detested and looked upon as. tliA vprv Rcnm rf V10 oortli hnf inzabeth Grimes and Miss Letitia Clay, Un4c? flQoTr nMUmM ,,'5f Paris, and Mrs. Clay's sister, Mrs. I .. , .. eSamuel Stone, of Louisville, were re-SlVe mit0r Car the new Purveyr ofnpr.f jrnpcf- f MrS-Rnn,,10i Maffir, contraband liquor seems to com-at the Lafayette Hotel, in Lexington. (Other Personals on Page 5)OMRS. JOHNS RESIGNS HER DANVILLE POSITIONBe Independent!The way to become independent is to save a PART ofthe money you earn and deposit it REGULARLY in thebank. Saving money will encourage you to work harder.Industry insures promotion and higher pay. While you aresaving your money and when you go into business you willneed a bank and we invite you to come in and see us.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyThesays:mand more deference if not respect.The "bootlegger" of ante-prohibitiondays eked out a miserable existence. His clientele ordinarilywas limited to the most depravedclass and after being regularlyDanville Daily Messenger "c" """ "- " -" ""Mrs. T. H. Johns, who for iorceu to gPena muca llI?e 1U Ja11'- - ' Ti s ri l 1 4 1 s 4- sx rl xr Fri iVis sl - r1 he had little to show for thethe last four years has been house-.keeper at Kentucky College for Wo- pensing of- his decoctionsdis-"men, at Danville, has severed herconnection with that institution andNot so with the "bootlegger" thatcame with prohibition. The samewill leave for her home at Paris, people that shunned the old-typeKy., at once. This news will be re- J vendor of booze have dealings withceived with deep regret by the peo-ihis successor as though he were enple of the community, as well as d in a legitimate business. Thethe students m the college as Mrs. ., . , , v-,- . , , , . . same persons that never would haveJohns has endeared herself to every- I . ,: -r in- ou considered buying: liquor from auuc aiiiut; uuuiiiiK tu jjiiii viiie. sue . .. . .... . "hnrtr loo'D'or" "wrnan if- pnnWORLD WIDE FIGHT AGAINSTPROHIBITIONRHEUMATISM-Do you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'srreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.If you intend to, shear your waythrough life, you'll have to b ajclipper.A world fight against prohibition,with the United States as the centerof the wet campaign, was 'plannedat the closing session of the secretcenference of anti-prohibitionistsheld in Brussells. The meeting ended with a banquet, which was marked by the number and value of rareold vintages, chiefly French, servedto the militant wets.Count de Mum, of France, wasnmed head of "the internationalcommittee of defense." This committee was described as a force tobring the dry people back into thewet fold. Next year's campaign hasbeen planned secretly, , but it isknown that the principal effort willbe made in the United States, wherethe prohibition situation causes thegreatest damage to the wets 'andwhere it is thought there is achance, for the greatest success.The members of the committeethink that recent incidents in connection with prohibition in America,particularly the international difficulties oyer ships, have created afavorable atmosphere for the greatanti-prohibitionists' assault.oARMY WANTS MENCorporal J. C. Jackson, in chargeof the army recruiting office on thethird floor of the postoffice building,has received authority to -enlist recruits for field assignment at various army posts throughout theUnited States. Recruits enlisting atthe Lexington office will, be enthereafter to Fort Thomas for preliminary training and assignment nstead of to Camp Knox, the recruitcenter at the latter place havingbeen discountinued, according to abulletin received by Corporal Jackson. oCJaarlng the Eye.If something gets in the eye tryfirit drawing the upper lid down asfar as possible, next rolling it backover a pencil and then blowing thenote. If these things fail, rinse withfait and warm water.goes with the best wishes of all andit is hoped she will come back to seeher friends often."o"SHRINES OF PATRIOTISM"bootlegger" when it could .be purchased legally, now have no qualmsabout dealing with the latter-day"bootlegger."Little odium seems to attachwhen those who have retired are referred to as having made their money "bootlegging." Prohibition en-MOTHER!Civic Opinion, the Louisvilleweekly, is greatly interested in having Congress make the homestead forcement, a diflicult thing at best,and burial ground of Zachary.Tay-! is being aggrieved by the changedlor in Jefferson county made a na- attitude of the.miblic toward thetional park or reservation, and has "bootlegger" and his disreputablepledged both candidates for Con- "business.gress to introduce and "work for thepassage of a bill to that effect. Mr.Kendrick Lewis, the Democratic can-1didate, thinks "both the Taylorhomestead and Mammoth Caveshouldbe National projects," whileMorris Thatcher, the Republicannominee, says:"Spots like this should be madeShrines of Patriotism for the inspiration and benefit of all our people.The nation has too long neglectedits duty in the present instance."Certainly few ofo our presidentsare more deserving of this recognition than "Old Rough and Ready."SOLDIER OF 1865 VISITS OLDCOMRADEClean Child's Bowels with"California Fig Syrup"Charles L. Thomas, 80, of Dwight,Kan., is visiting Augusta relativesand Thun Yates, who was his comrade in the Civil "War. Thomascontinued in the service after Lee'scn 7on rli nn1 ittoo r tifa vA A "ti-n-iressional medal for riding 102 QEventoSyrup.a sick child loves thetaste of "California FigIf the little tongue ismnes uirougn -owaer valley to - . - , .- . lleflooobring relief when his command, un-crosg feverish, full of cold, or hasder General Connor, was hemmed by colic a teaspoonful will never fail toIndians and in danger of starvation open the bowels. In a few hoursand massacre in 1865. The redskins you can see for yourself how thorrwere credited with using every-de-' oughly it works all the constipationvice known to them to intercept and poison, sour bile and waste from theslay him, but he got through with- tender, little bowels and gives you aout a wound. ' well, playful child again.0 Millions of mothers keep "Cali-ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAP fQrnia Fig SyK' hdy' TLeyAwxiLia t,",xix know a teaspoonful to-day saves aWe have In stock for the conven- sick child to-morrow. Ask yourience of users of adding machines, a druggist for genuine' "Californiabig stock of paper rolls. These rolls pte Syrup" which has directions forare made of the best bond paper and ; babies and children of all agesare absolutely free from lint. You printed on bottle. Mother! Youcan buy from one to a case. Let us must say "California" or you maymt a max oratr. . gat an lmuauun us ymy(Il-ft) THB BOURDON NXWI.(adY-T)Place Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsBourbon NurseriesLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGmHHHHtHM-HHmflWWI 1 1HIHIIMGEORGE B. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay137Nights..?Change of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will nofbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone &. Telegraph Co..IncorporattdPatronize Bourbon News AdYertuei.T-i4-- .atw.sjTstTHE BOURBON NEWS; MltfS, KENTUCKYPAGE FOURTUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1122HALLS DESTROYED AND MASONS THREATENEDProminent members of the Maconic Order in Congress are shock--edat reports reaching this countryfrom Ireland of wanton 'and purposeless attacks on members of theMasonic Order, and the destructionRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In Religion'sCircles For Jfresent andFutureRev. Robert W. Patton will address the congregation of St. Peter'sof the property of a fraternity i Episcopal church to-day, following awhich never takes any part in pol- huncheon served by the ladies of theitics. church in the parish rooms. EveryAccording to reports many Ma-.member of the congregation is insonic halls have been wantonly des-Jvited to attend. Wednesday, Novemtroyed in Ireland by those who her 1. "being "All Saints Day," Rev.choose to read a religious intoler-1 Walter S. Cain, rector, will conduct; communion services at tne cnurcn at! 10:00 o'clock a. m. A cordial inviitation is extended to all to attend.I The revival which is being led-ance into the political troubles ofthat sore-distressed country.- TheMasonic Hall at Ballinamore. hasDeen destr5ye:a. " In Mulligar theMasonic Tall was raided, its win--dowsbroken, its furniture hackedwith axes, after which oil was poured over the wreckage, and theby Dr. J. E. Thacker, ofv Norfolk,Va., and Mr. T B. Roddy, of Chattanooga, Tenn., in the Presbyterianchurch, is getting under way splendidly. Mr. Roddy wants to makeDEATHSLife Is Bnt A Brief Span, A Del)tThat All Mnst Pay. DAVISMr. and Mrs. Ireland Davis,have the sympathy of the community in the loss of their infant son,James Neland Davis, aged two days,who died at the family home onHouston avenue, Friday morning.The funeral was held Friday afternoon at 4:30 o'clock, in the Millersburg Cemetery, with services conducted by Rev. W. W. Morton, ofMillersburg, and Rev. T. S. Smylie,of Paris.whole burned. In Dundalk, not far J the children's choir one of the feafrom the Ulster frontier, three Ma- tures.of the meeting. All the youngsonic lodges met in a hall, which people of the town between the agesw mi Tw nrmprf pti who . of eight and fifteen are invited to. ... . ., . I sit with the Junior Choir. The sub-seizeu duok-s aim uliici yijyai.ject for the service Tuesday morn-i ing is "The .New and irretraceaoieiWav." Dr. Thacker will not givethe seized records, were ordered to his SUDject for Tuesday night, butleave on pain of death. Many of says that it is "The Greatest Sub-them escaped to Belfast; the meet- ject For the Consideration of God'sings of all three v lodges have been Children." Everybody invited toindefinitely suspended. Molesworth these services, which are "bright,Shortly after, members of the order,whose names were obtained from JStreet Hall, Dublin, the meeting -,place of the Grand Lodge and headquarters of the order in Ireland. Hasbeen occupied by the "Irish Republican Army," which thus came inpossession of the names of all FreeMasons in Ireland. Shortly afterthis seizure" the County Cork murders occurred.Mr. Robert McBride, Member ofParliment, says of 'these attacks:"The fact is that men in power "inthe South and West of Ireland havebroken with all religion, retainingonly its prejudices and antipathies.It is the spirit of the French Revolution or of Bolshevist Russia thatis abroad."brief, brotherly.' The hours10:30 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.oareNEW SEED CROPSNEW CROPMICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)SHUMATEThe funeral of Mrs. ElizabethWebb Shumate, aged twenty-seven,who died at the family home onSecond street, at ten o'clock Friday morning, afte'r a lingering illness of tuberculosis, was held at2:'30 o'clock, Saturday afternoon.Services were conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery.Mrs. Shumate was the wife ofElmer Shumate, and was formerlyMiss Elizabeth Webb, daughter ofJames Webb, of Paris. She is survived by her father, James Webb;her husband, Elmer Shumate; .onedaughter, Mrs. Frances Parsons;one brother, Asa Webb, all of Paris,and one sister, Mrs. Mattie Salmon,of Bloomington, 111., Second thoughts, may be best, but'the trouble with most of us is thatthe first thought so uses us up thatwe can't have a second. j-FOR SALE.Four room cottage on Virginiaavenue; gas and electric lights;water in front yard. Large stable.Immediate possession. Apply toJAKE ELVOVE,It) Home Phone 360or 198.FOR SALEDetroit Jewel gas heating stove,in good conditions.MRS. TOM ALLEN,(31-lt) -109 Duncan Ave. I'VW,McDAINIEL'SItiMoductory SaleOFReady-to-Wear, FurnishingsShoes and Dry Goods(For the Whole Family)621 Main St.E. T. Phone 1234LOSTAt Paris High School, or on thestreets of Paris, a diamond ring,with small set. Finder please leaveat THE NEWS office and receive re-ward.BIRTHSPAUPERS ABE PROBLEMIn Kentucky there is no uniformity in the system of caring for agedand infirm paupers. Each county isrequired to care for and maintainits own paupers and the methodvaries widely. .Most of the countieshave poor farms, but not all of themare operated under direct countycontrol.Pauper maintenance is a problemwith which every Fiscal Coufi orParis friends and relatives havereceived cards announcing the birthof a daughter, Virginia TrundleMeyer, to Mr. and Mrs. ArthurMeyer, at Fernbank, Ohio, on Oct.25. Mrs. Meyer was before hermarriage Miss Eleanor Haynes,daughter of the late H. D. Haynesand Mrs. Haynes, formerly of Par.is.Mr. and Mrs. Hubert NelsonParr are busily acknowledging congratulations upon the advent of alittle son, born Sunday morning atthe Massie Memorial Hospital. Theyoung man has been chirstenedThomas Nelson Parr. Mrs. Parrwas formerly Miss Elizabeth Hedges,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WalterHedges, of Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Rees are thehappy parents of a fine ten-poundi boy, their third child, born Sundayiat their home on Fithian avenue.ouniy commission uab to ueai aim Mr Rees is manager Gf the Cumbermany of them have found the let-(ian(i Telephone Co.'s Paris office,ting method the best and most eco- Mr. and Mrs. Shirley Hogannomical way of handling the situa- are receiving congratulations upontion. Under the operation of this' the arrival of a little son at theirsystem the successful bidder pays a!home on the Bethlehem pike, nearnominal price for the rent of the,Paris- Mrs- Hogan was formerlymiss Minerva foynter, daughter ofEWINGMiss Desdemona Ewing, agedseventy-eight, died last week at herhome near Owingsville, of the infirmities of age. She was a sister ofMrs. Charles C. Leer, of, Paris, whois now the last surviving member ofthe family. She was also a firstcousin of Mrs. Jesse Turney, ofParis.Miss Ewing was born and rearedin the home where she died, andwas counted one of the most belovedwomen in her community. At thedeath of her sister-in-law, she assumed care of the four nieces andnephews, whom she reared to manhooU and womanhood.The funeral nvas held at the latehome of Miss Ewing on last Fridayafternoon, the interment followingon the family lot in the OwingsvilleCemetery.oNOTICE TO TAX PAYERS.Learn a Trade. Hundreds of big jobs now openpaying from $150 to $500 a month,Trained men placed every day. Students qualify in 8 weeks. Short timeoffer includes railroad fare, boardand tools, FREE. Offer may bewithdrawn without notice. WriteNOW for terms and BIG FREEBOOK.Rahe Auto & Tractor School, Deapartment K-28.,9 th & Walnut, Cincinnati, O.(No facilities for colored students.)(It)Have a Look!THE TIME LIMIT IS GROWINGSHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IN THECOURT HOUSE AND LIST YOURTAXES.BEN WOODFORD,(tf) Tax Commissioner.poor farm and is allowed a stipulat-'ed annual sum for the keep of eachinmate.Other counties follow the plan of ielecting a keeper of the poor farm jand operating the place as a county j'department. Occasionally with wisemanagement the county poor farmMr. and Mrs.Chester.B. F. Poynter, of Win-FEATURES AT THE MOVIEHOUSES .j Who killed Morris Biener? Theunder such operation is a source of stabbed to death in his office, onehand clutching part of a woman'sKENTUCKY'S SORGHUM CROPrevenue to the county, but in mostcases the care and maintenance ofthe paupers is a drain on the county exchequer.Withdrawal of the State allow--ancefor the maintenance of pauperidiots has added to the problemlaced by the several counties in thecare and keep of the aged and infirmindigents. Up to July of this yearthe State paid $75 annually for thecare and maintenance of each pauper idiot, but the burden now fallson the counties "and will continueuntil the State pauper idiot colonymaterializes.CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW..THE CITY TAX "LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMPANY. C. K. THOMAS,(13 tf Collector.oMILLERS' ASSOCIATION TALKSCROP ACREAGEHugh I. Brent and B. M. Renick,of the Paris Milling Company, attended the quarterly meeting of theCentral Kentucky Millers' Association, held Friday at the LafayetteHotel, in Lexington wjiose sessionsadjourned at 3:30 o'clock, p. m.The sessions were presided overby President William C. Anderson,of Danville, with John D. Allen, ofLexington, secretary. Representatives from all the prominent milingconcerns of Central Kentucky wherepresent. The principal feature ofthe meeting was discussion of cropconditions, including the prospectiveacreage of this year's wheat andcorn crop, and the credit situation.Business sessions were held b.oth inthe morning" and the afternoon, witha luncheon at noon.dress. On a memorandum pad is thename of a woman. Where is thatwoman? That is the mystery developed by "Find the Woman," withAlma Rubens, a Cosmopolitans-Paramountpicture coming to the AJamoand Grand, Tuesday afternoon andevening.Fanciful, different, dramatic, possessing two separate plots and twoseparate sets of characters, "Borderland," the Agnes Ayers Paramountpicture which comes to the Alamoand the Grand, Wednesday afternoon and evening, is claimed to be areal photodramatic novelty. Thereis claimed for this story by Miss Dixan unique combination of the appealwhich made so successful such playsas "Lilioni," "The Return of PeterGrimm," "The Tempest" and "PeterPan." Paul Powell directed.The forthcoming presentation atthe Alamo and the Grand Thursdayafternoon and evening will be CecilB. DeMille's superb Paramount production, "Saturday Night." This issaid to be one of the finest picturesever produced by Mr. DeMille, andthat is saying much. The story waswritten by Jeanie Macpherson, author of many DeMille screen classicsand the cast is practically all star.The principal players and the castis practically all star. The principal players include Leatrice Joy,Conrad Nagle, Edith Roberts, JackMower, Julia Faye, Theodore Roberts and Sylvia Ashton all artistsof the first grade.According to the final Government crop report Kentucky showsan increase this year in the production of sorghum sirup. As shownby the figures, it is now the fourthState in the production of sorghummolasses, and the industry hasreached a degree of large commercial importance.The farmer that formerly raised apatch of sorghum to supply theneeds of his family now producessorghum sirup as a commercial venture and adds- to the annual farmincome. The demand has increasedgreatly, ana many persons now useit in preference to any other sirup.In the mountain sections of Kentucky sorghum molasses takes theplace of sugar in sweetening coffee.This has given rise to the term"long sweetenin'," as distinguishedfrom' "short sweetenin' " or sugar.Kentucky is especially adapted tothe growing of cane, and with thestrides already made in the production of sirup is destined to improveits rank in the sorghum producingStates. The State Department ofAgriculture has had a large part inencouraging the cultivation of thesorghum cane. ,LADIES' AND MISSES' TND CHILDREN'S SUITS, COATS, SKIRTS,BLOUSES, MILLINERY, DRYGOODS, SILKS, ETC.We Have the Ladies' Home JournalPatterns, atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS.S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main Streets .PARIS. KY."THE BANK QF SERVICE"FOR YOURSUCCESSConsult this bank whenever you need Jexperienced advice or counsel onBusiness venturesCreditsTrade conditionsShort term orLong time investmentsAny information we have is yours forthe asking without obligation.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co,Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00Job Printing of AH Kinds is Our Specialty&&&,,.WvWHY GIRLS CAN'T THROWSTRAIGHTDON'T FORGET YOUR LICENSEThe hunting season is but a shorttime off, and the usual warningsare being sounded by the gameclubs and game wardens in regardto violations of the game laws.Remember that you will have tohave your 1922 hunting licensewhen you are in the field, and thatit will be absolutely necessary for wavs.Fire, Wild amd Ligbtebg Imsvaace.1QiQMAS WOODFORD & BRYANjuu io nave it on your person. Nolicense, no hunting-, but ' a courtfine. Get your license early andavoid the rush.Two reasons account fcfor the factthat a girl cannot throw straight.One, purely physical, anatomists explain, has to do with the differencein the bodies of the sexes, the girl'sclavicle or collar-bone being shorter,so giving her a smaller play of forearm than her brother. In addition,direction in overhand throwing depends chiefly upon the shouldersand chest being carried forwardwith the swing of the arm.With a boy this is the heaviestpart of his body, but a girl is heaviest at the hips. Consequently, instead of the girl's body swingingstraight forward, it frequently turns'round at the waist, so completelyspoiling the aim.The second reason is that since'-the earliest davs of hnmnn omin.tion, man has been practicing-throwing, in war, in self-defense, inthe hunt and in a hundred otherThousands of years of suchWe can be interested in otherfolks without always criticizingtnenupractice -has resultedthrowing becomingmasculine habit, almost an instinctin straighta hereditarvMP A fW"The Home ofGood Clothes"FOR MEN AND YOUNG MENTAE'RE right proud of our clothesthis fall because we feel we haveselected better styles, better fabrics andbetter values than we have shown in along time.Leading style designers have assured usthat our styles are latest, while weavers ofour fabrics say they are the best they haveever woven.Cashmeres, Worsteds, Tweeds and Whipcords are the materials shown. Walshwill assure you that the values are right.PRICES RANGE FROMJrdtCtothesKeep Warm in a Sweater-$18,00 to $45.00vZuT kefP warn? ln the eat "out-of-doors" if you'll wear one of our SweatersThe best selections in town can be found here in either coats or pull-overs Scolors are woven ,n all-wool fabrics. They are woven to fit and retain thdr shapeGOOD VALUES $2.00 U $12.50The builder every now and thengets a new hammer; but the xknocker has to use the samp" niH inotm.7th and MainR P. WALSHOne-Price Store Pari icHome Phone 448 Cumb. Phone SOSjment forever.w' ...nhlti - ,1-nl gtftlftjXTUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, . , PftfllS, RENTUCB3v-'m m i i" iuPAGE FIT-v ? - - II(($pfc7far4- "GIFTS THAT LASTFEESH GOODSPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YouEnow and Others TonDoxrt.New prime peaches, spinich, driedbeans, hominy, rice, all cereals, a.11time to fill Tour pamry.lt) C. P. COOK & CO.-oOFFICE MOVEDThe branch office of The Lexington Herald, I. W. Bush, manager,will bQ moved to-day from the Pricestore room on Main street, to thenew Stuart building on EighthEtreet, adjoining the Standard, QUservice station.GASOLINE PIPE IGNITESLeaking gasoline from a pipe lineat the county rock quarry in EastParis, which caught fire, called thelire department Friday to the scene.One of the big county trucks caughton fire from the spreading gasoline.The flames were extinguished withsmall loss to property.oTHUMB CRUSHEDHarry B. Clark, of Paris, L. & N.fireman, while on his run betweenParis and Corbin, suffered amputation of his thumb when he struck itwith a shovel while firing his engine. He completed his run to Pariswhere his injury was attended to byDr. Chas. G.. Daugherty, L. & N.physician.oHIGH CLASS HORSES SOLDAllie G. Jones & Son, of nearNorth Middletown, recently sold toGiltner Bros, of Eminence, twohigh-class gaited saddle mares, forHenry L. Fonda, of Charlottesville,Va. These mares were in the Jones,how string, and were prominentwinners. Mr. Fonda has a largefarm in Virginia, and is a breeder ofgood livestock. During the past sixmonths he has purchased from Giltner Bros, two shpments of Herefordsand Holstein cattle for his farm.The nicest courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends isto lej: them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item of anyhlUG. reiepnone it to No.124.JBOURBON CALF FOR THE EXPERIMENT STATIONGoff & Rice, Bourbon countyShorthorn breeders, have presentedthe Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station at the University ofKentucky, with a fine first-classShorthorn steer calf for next year.The calf was first prize junior bullcalf at the Blue Grass Fair thisyear, and was third in a big class atihe Kentucky State Fair held atLouisville in September. The calfwill be developed and shown by theExperiment Station next year.DON'T PUT IT OFFOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can. makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold out.Come in, we will be glad tohowthem. See window- display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. oOLDER BOYS' CONFERENCEMrs. Baber, of Irvine, is visitingher daughter, Mr. Dan Henry, nearParis.Rev. Newton L. Shropshire hasreturned from Owen county, wherehe has been conducting a revival atthe Christian church.Stanley Ranson, of Warsaw,Ky., is a guest of his sister, Mrs.James A. Orr, and Dr. Orr, at theirhome on Stoner avenue, in this city.Miss Matilda Ferguson, ofParis, was leader of the Y. W. C. A.meeting of Hamilton College students, held in the College chapel,Sunday evening. ,Richmond Register: "Mrs.Frederick A. Wallis. of Paris andNew York, and Mrs. Henry T. Ireys,of Frankfort, are expected this weekto visit Miss Helen Bennett." vMrs. J. Withers Davis was hostess at her home on Pleasant streetto the newly-organized Young Married Women's Bridge Club. Thiswas the first meeting of the Club,and was a very enjoyable affair.Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Younghave returned to their home inMoon Park, California, after a twomonths' visit to. Mrs. Young's motlier, Mrs. Anna Stephenson, andother relatives in the city andcounty.Miss Fannie Williams, of Paris,attended the luncheon given by Mrs.C. B. Ross, at the Rose LanternLodge, near Lexngton, in compliment to her guest, Mrs. James P.Berry, of Ft. Thomas, Ky. The tablewas decorated with pink carnations'and crysanthemums, and the favorswere little French bouquets of candy flowers.Mrs. I. J. Spencer, of Lexinffton,mother of Mrs. W. B. Ardery, ofnear Paris, continues to improve after returning from the Good Samaritan Hospital to her home. Herdaughter, Miss Evelyn Spencer,who came to assist in nursing her, j end in Paris as guestswill return this week to her dutiesat St. Luke's Hospital, in Chicago.Miss Lucy Blythe Simms, ofParis, attended the luncheon givenFriday by Mrs. A. J. Alexander, ather country home, "Woodburn," inWoodford county, in honor of Mrs.Edward F. Simms, of Beaumont,Texas, and other guests. The homewas artistically decorated with autumn flowers, and an elegantly-appointedluncheon was served.To-morrow Mrs. Allie SmithDickson, Mrs. Stanley Dickson andMrs. Edwin Thomas will entertainfrom two to four o'clock at "Glen'Oak," the beautiful country home ofMrs. Allie Smith Dickson, nearNorth Middletown, in honor of Mrs.Raymer Jones and Mrs. Wlliam Collins. A large number of invitationswhich were sent out in this and adjoining counties have been accepted,and the reception promises to beone of the most enjoyable socialevents of the autumn.Miss Elizabeth Steele, of Paris,entertained with a beautiful dinnerat the Lexington Country Club Saturdav nierht. Her guests for theThe Conference of Older ColoredBoys will convene in Paris November 3, 4 and 5. Delegates will bepresent from many of the leadingcities of the State, and some splendid programs have been prepared forthe occasion. The conference comesto Paris under the auspices of theWestern High School, colored, andthe sessions will be held at thedifferent colored churches on Saturday and Sunday. The conferencetheme is based on Luke 2:57, and its J charming affair were: Mr. and Mrs.main object is to better the community.CHANGE OF LOCATIONThe offices of the Paris Commercial Club will be moved to-day fromtheir present location in the Pricebuilding on Main street, to a roomin the Stuart & O'Brien building, onEighth street, recently complQtefliThe office of the Bourbon CountyRed Gross, which has been in thesame room" with thS CommercialClub, will be moved temporarily toa room in the court house, but willprobably be moved later on to thenew Memorial Building at the corner of Broadway and High, when it.is ready for occupancy.-NEW SORGHUMWe have just opened a barrel ofnew country sorghum. You shouldnave some. Phone us your order.C. P. COOK & CO.f oGOOD CROWD AT SALEAuctioneer George D. Speakesmakes the following renort of thesale of stock, crop, implements, etc.,belonging to Brutus J. Wheat whichhe conducted on the premises on theBethlehem pike, near Paris:Large crowd in attendance, withspirited bidding on nearly all theofferings. Sheep sold $8.75 to $10;brood sows, $28, to" $37; smallshoats. SG.10: milk - cows. $55 toJohn Gourlay, Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, Mr. and Mrs.Rodes Arnspiger, Mr. and Mrs. Mason Hoagland, Mr. and Mrs. JohnBarrow, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Coleman, Mr. and Mrs. Richard Cromwell Stoll; Mr. and Mrs. Oscar T.Hinton, Mr. and Mrs. James G. Metcalfe, and Charlton Clay, of Paris;Edward Stoll, Alex Serpell and Shelby Harbisonf of Lexington,' Mrs. Ciay Sutherland entertained at her home on South Mainstreet Saturday afternoon with thesecond of a series of-bridge parties.Eight tables of players participated.At the conclusion of the games adelicious lunch was served. Mrs.Sutherland was assisted- in entertaining her guests by Mrs. Will S.Arnsparger, of Paris, Mrs. CecilHaggard, of Winchester, Mrs. EdnaDryden. was a guest for the lunchfollowing the games. The hospitality included the following guests:Mrs. Ray Taylor, Mrs. EdwardSpears, Mrs. Chas. Spears, Mrs. Virgil.Chapman, Mrs. Shirley Dalzell, MissSara Louise Bedford, 'Mrs. FieldingRogers, Mrs. H. C. Current. MissMargaret Ardery, Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger, Mrs. Will S. Arnsparger, Mrs. Harvey Rogers, Mrs.Withers Davis, Mrs. Owen Gibson,Mrs. Robert Johnson, Miss Elizabeth Embry, Mrs. Tollie Young,Mrs. Stanley Dickson. Miss FrancesClay, Mrs. Raymer Jones, Mrs. Edwin Thomas, Mrs. Catherine DavisCraig, Mrs. Robert Jones, Mrs.S77.50: horses. S25 to $80; hay,Frank Sledd, Mrs. Hiram Roseberry.si a ok ik ok Q-fTi. etraw fiKr'Mrs. J. W. Young. Jr.. Mrs. J. W.V-.U .V ?JLS.U J- "l w --- , -- " 1per bale; farm implements, considering lateness of the season, soldwell.Thompson, Mrs. Russell ClaytonATrR Phplns Rati ink. Mrs. Willi ABattaile, Mrs. Cecil Haggard, MissLouise Kohlass and Mrs. Colmesnil,all of Winchester. , .Mr. W. B. Allen is able to be'but after an illness of severalweeks.Mrs. Reynolds Letton has returned from a visit to relatives inRussellville.Miss Frances Boone has returned to her apartments at the Robneelfor the winter.Misses Mattie and FrancesWright, of Winchester, are visitingrelatives in Paris. 'Miss Ruth Soper has returnedfrom a several days' visit to Mrs. H.B. Smith, in Ashland.I. W. Case, of Indianapolis, Ind.,is visitng his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Alonzo Case, on Ferguson street.Miss Thelma Shelton, of Logan,West Va., is a guest of her aunt,Mrs. Lark Watson, on North Cliftonavenue.Mrs. Russell Clayton has returned to her home in Paris afteran extended visit to Mrs. Alex Hardman, in Winchester.A number of Paris society, people attended the dance given inWinchester Friday night by theElks Club of that city.Miss Carrie Rogers has returned to her home in Georgetown aftera visit of several days to friendsand relatives in this city.- Rev. 0. B. Crockett, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church, attended a board meeting Friday at theKentucky Wesleyan College, in Winchester.J. J. Veatch, District Superintendent of the -Central Home Telephone and Telegraph Company, is inFrankfort to-day on business for hiscompany.Dr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, attended the meeting of the BlueGrass Dental Society, held in Lexington at the Lafayette Hotel Saturday night.Mrs. Bert Wilson and stepchildren," Misses Fannie and WillieWilson, of Winchester, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. Abe Dennison, of Railroad street.A delegation of operators fromthe Paris exchange of the Cumberland Telephone Company attended abusiness and social meeting held atGeorgetown, Friday night.Mr. and Mrs. Pierce King, whohave been making their home inNorth Middletown for severalmonths, have returned to Winchester, to reside in the future.The Bourbon county campingparty composed of R. E. Bedford,Lafe Ardery, Jaynes Savage, A. L.Slicer and Dr. Dejarnett, have returned from a ten-days' outing onRockcastle river.Mrs. E. K. Knapp, of Philadelphia, and Mr. and Mrs. Wm. T. McClare and daughter Miss Lucille McClure, of Cincinnati, spent the week-of Mr. andMrs. William Myall.Rev. and Mrs. A. D. Tadlock, ofBlackley, Ky., are visiting theirson, Thorn well Tadlock, and Mrs.Tadlock, at their home on Highstreet. Rev. Mr. Tadlock was forseveral years pastor of the Clintonville Presbyterian church.Gus Margolen has returnedfrom Cleveland, Ohio, where he hasbeen taking radium treatment forthe past three weeks. Mr. Margolen has been wonderfully benefittedby the treatment, and reports thathe has gained twelve pounds inweight.y Friday evening the women's fraternities of the University of Kentucky will give their annual PanHellenic banquet in Lexington, inthe ballroom of the Phoenix Hotel.Miss Louise Connell, of Paris, president of the Women's Pan-HellenicCouncil, will preside as toastmaster.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock and daughter, Miss Nancy,have returned from their stay ofseveral months in Europe. Duringtheir, stay on the Continent theirson, Arthur B. Hancock, Jr., visitedrelatives in Virginia and in NewYork.Mrs. James H. Thompson, ofParis, attended the luncheon-bridgegiven in Frankfort Friday afternoon'by Mrs. Zach Montgomery, in compliment to Mrs. Samuel J. Shackleford. The prize offered for the highest score was won by Mrs. EdwinMorrow. A delicious two-courseluncheon was served.John Shropshire Smith, wkQhas been visiting relatives in thiscity and county and in Scott county,has returned to his home in Indianapolis, Ind. Mr. Smith was tendereda farewell dinner Friday at thehome of his brother, T. PorterfSmith, in "Georgetown. The decoratoins were of yellow and whitechrysanthemums,A number of Paris and Bourboncounty people will go to Lexingtonto-day to attend the afternoon teagiven byxthe faculty and dean ofHamiltonxCollege, at the College, incompliment to President and Mrs.A. D. Harmon, of Transylvania College. No formal invitations wereissued for the event, but all thealumnus and other friends of the college are expected to be present.The Senior Class of the ParisHigh School gave an enjoyable Hallowe'en party in the new gymnasium Thursday night. The roomwas beautifully decorated in yellow'and black and in the Hallowe'enemb'lems appropriate to the occasionand the season. The party was givenmainly for the purpose of giving thenew pupils a chance to meet the'new members of. the P. H. S. faculty.(Other-Personals on Page 3)""""'""iBBBBBBBBB!MAKING POSSIBLEThe ApparentlyIMPOSSIBLE!WE are selling QUALITY merchandise for men and boys at LOW prices.aA visit to our store will be more convincing than merely saying it here.Let us pay your movie bills for you.We give tickets free. Ask us.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE55icmBlanketsand Comfortsv -We are showing a verycomplete new line ofWool and Cotton Blan-kets and Comforts linedwith wool and laminatedcotton.We will be pleased toshow you.The prices are verytractive.at-5WSiTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KBNTUCKY ' SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking&?- - t-r,J.-vJi1J .."fi'-.'VYtftt -5t rj- -aOTaE-rrisjsawsarsDisr-r the .bourboN.nbws,' ' parish . bpentootyTTy-wru - " " ,TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1922.PAGE SIX "y s. lrii ggg"ui PGUT COST OF HELIUMGovernment Makes GreatestPrice Reduction on Record.SAY "BAYER" when you buy AspirinUnless you see the name "Bayer"on package or on tablets you arenot getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians overtwenty-two years and proved safeby millions for colds, headache,earache, neuralgia, lumbago, rheumatism, neuritis, and for pain ingeneral. Accept only "Bayer""package, which contains proper directions. Handy boxes of twelvetablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell bottles of 24 and 100.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)BUBAL SCHOOL CHILDREN NEEDHOT NOON LUNCHESRAIL CONDUCTOR WINS INCOURT SUITWith the opening of schoolsthroughout Kentucky and the prospect of cold weather in the nearfuture, the problem of the noon-daylunch for children in rural schoolsagain has come to the front as animportant one that demands attention, according to Miss MaybelleCornell, head of the home economics department of the College ofAgriculture. That this problem isreceiving due consideration in manyparts of the State is shown by thefact that a considerable number ofschools are serving at least one hotdish to supplement the cold lunchbrought by the children. However,the serious need of the hot lunchis realized by comparatively fewpersons."Under average conditions, ruralschool children in Kentucky followa daily program that makes it necessary, for them to get along on little more than two meals a day. Asa rule they have breakfast at about6 o'clock in the morning and by recess time are hungry enough to eatmost the lunch which they havebrought from home. What may beleft after recess is insufficient forthe noon lunch with the result thatthey go home hungry about 4o'clock to eat another lunch thatleaves them without any appetitefor the evening meal. No man iswilling to work on less than threefull meals a day. School children,therefore, who are growing andstudying can hardly be expected todo their best work on two meals aday."Perhaps the first requirementfor starting a hot school lunch inany school is an active organization of persons interested in thewelfare of the children that cansuperintend the project. This maybe a parent-teachers' association, a.community club or "a group of farmwomen. The teacher of the schoolshould naturally be a supporter ofthe project since she should be interested enough in her pupils to seethat they are kept fit physically."Complete details dealing withstarting a school lunch, financingthe project, the equipment necessary, 15 suggested lunches and morethan a score of receipts are given in Jextension circular No. 95, whichmay be obtained free by writing theExperiment Station, Lexington."Holding that an individual member of the Order of Railroad Con-jductors has the right to contract.with his employer. Judge" LafonAllen in a written opinion handeddown in joint session of the CircuitCourt, at Covington, restored W. C.Stanfill, a passenger conductor onthe Louisville & Nashville railroad,well-known in Paris, to a run hewas recently removed from by theofficials of the company.The removel was made at the request of officers of the union and thecompany did not file an answer tothe action, but entered its appearance to the suit and was represented at the hearing.Stanfillhad been on a day run be-" tween Cincinnati and Knoxville,passing through Paris, for seventeen years, and was transferred to anight run. Judge Allen said therehad not been shown any groundsfor the discharge of Stanfill, thathis run had not been discontinuedand there had not been any attemptby a senior to "roll" him. as is allowed by the rules and regulationswhen the run of a senior is abolished. For that reason Stanfill is entitled to bis former run, which willpermit him to spend his days off athis home in Covington, Judge Allensaid.Cost Is Dropped From $2,000 to NineCents a Cubic Foot, and May BeReduced to Five Cents OnlyPlant in World.Fort Worth, Tex. The biggest pricereduction on record has just been putinto effect here by the government'shelium plant. The cost has been cutfrom $2,000 to 9 cents a cubic foot!Even at that there is no crowd at thedoors to take advantage of the greatreduction. Experiments are now goingforward to make the cost only 5 cents.An immense warehouse at the planthas stored in It 2,000,000,000 .cubic feetof helium. Two weeks ago two carloads of the product were shipped Eastfor army use. The institution has beenclosed ftr six months, but recently resumed operation, congress having appropriated $800,000, which will keepthe plant working for one year. Whenthe plant Is in full swing it is expectedthat 150 men will be employed there,and work will continue day and night.This is the only helium plant in thewhole world, giving this government amonopoly of the supply. Experimenthas shown that only the Texas gascontains helium. Gas from otherstates and other countries, when tested, did not contain the element.The Fort Worth plant was erectedduring the war and its first shipmentwas sent East before the war ended,but before it could reach France thearmistice was declared. If the dirigibles during the war had been able touse helium, Lanham says military authorities informed him, the great conflict would have lasted no more than ayear. On the other hand, if Germanyhad possessed this helium plant shecould have sent her Zeppelins broadcast and destroyed cities in Franceand England without danger to theZeppelins.IS FIGHTING BOLL WEEVILCORNSLift Off with FingersBREAK A-COLDINFEW HOURS'Tape's Cold Compound" Acts Quick,Costs Little, and NeverSickens !Every druggist here guaranteeseach package of "Pape's Cold Compound" to break up any cold andend grip misery in a few hours ormoney returned. Stuffiness, pain,headache, feverishness. inflamed orcongested nose and head relievedwith first dose. These safe, pleasanttablets cost only a few cents andmillions now take them instead ofsickening quinine. (adv-T)Plant This FallFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall Fruits- Grape VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the most complete nursery book ever Issued Inthe South. It is free for the asking.H. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsBLUE GEASS KU1SEUES,SW 1 ,A 7A AAyjt js iiLMDoesnJt murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)oGAVE THESE WOMEN A EEALEABFUL "When a delegation of women attended council meeting at Glenrock.Wyoming, and petitioned MayorJohn Anson to stop gambling andput slot machines out of businessthey got an "earful" from his majesty. He told them gently but firmlythat whenever the women stoppedcard playing and gambling at homehe would see to it that the menstopped down town, but not untilthen.He was slightly more conciliatoryregarding slot machines.WOMAN GIVES NEW TUEN TO"BOOTLEGGING"Mrs. Velma Koso, 24, sprung anew one when she was arraigned inpolice court in Cincinnati on acharge of possessing whisky illegally. She explained that she bathedher feet with the moonshine."That'll cost you $200 and costs,"said the judge; "100 a foot."Intensive study and experimentationis being carried on by J. L. Webb ofthe Department of Agriculture incharge of the southern field crop tofind a means of eliminating the bollv, eevil, which has caused such a wholesale destruction of the cotton crop.Unless some remedy Is applied, itwill be only a question of a few yearsbefore the supply of cotton will beinadequate to meet the domestic needsmuch less the world demand, MrWebb declares. Present loss to thiscountry from the ravages of the weevilamounts to a billion dollars a year.Photo shows Mr. Webb studying afew specimens of the boll weevil.NINE JAP FLYERS DIE IN YEARDuring the Same Period 25 WereWounded In 39,371 Flights,Says Report.Tokyo. During the last year inJapan nine aviators were killed andtwenty-five wounded in 39,291 flights,the gross mileage of which was 812,-960. These statistics were Issued bytire aviation department of the waroffice and include naval, military andcivilian flyers, in reply to complaintsthat accidents had been frequent oflate. These accidents, it is explainedwere due to adverse atmospheric conditions above the central district ofthe country during spring and summer."As a whole, airplane accidents inthis country are by no means so numerous as the recent frequency of accidental falls is apt to lead the peopleto believe," saj's the report.-""::f9"-:.:.t-:.t:.,..tQBig Blue Oval Meteor jFound on River Bottom i? Fergus Falls, Minn. A dredge ?working in the river here, below ?f the central dam, brought up a If meteor two feet long and shapedf like an egg. The meteor is blue If in color, heavier than granite,and hundreds of pebbles are Iburled in it. Engineers say it Imust have struck the river while1 II flaming hot, and the pebbles,"Why spoil the effectsof a good night's sleepby a breakfast of heavy, indi' gestible food? What your appetitecraves, and your system demands, isa tasty and substantial food thatsupplies full nutrition in readilydigestible form.Grape-Nuts is just such a fooda lody-building cereal made fromwheat and malted barley.Grape-Nuts is rich in vital mineral elements recognized as essen-"There's a Reason" . .M GrapeNutsTHE BODY BUILDERtial to health and physical development. Serve it with good rich milkand you have an ideal breakfastcrisp, delicious, nourishing andsustaining.Economical, too a moderatequantity of Grape-Nuts providesunusual nourishment There aremany servings in a package. GrapeNuts with milk or cream is a completefood.I i,Si' I ,t l in-r-JIlZ- - 1 eoofc C illi " Made by Postum Cereal Co. ," Inc. Sftftrn T- 'r H IBattle Creek, Mich. ' ftf economy -CFARMTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.KentuckyJoint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Bldg.Lexington, Ky.LOANSiBuick Service ProtectsBuick Owners EverywhereBuick owners everywhere recognize this blue andwhite emblem of authorized service as furtherassurance of dependable Buick performance.Experience has shown Buick owners that "authorized" service means a conscientious, helpful interestin th continued and perfect operation of their Buicks.Authorized service is a guarantee of skilled laborfrom mechanics'of long experience on Buick cars, andthat every new part is genuine, factory-made of thesame high quality as fhe original unit.It is an assurance that the establishment is conductedto serve Buick owners first, last, and always in theway that will continue the dependable performancebuilt into every Buick car.D-30-14-NPC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant StreetsH-SWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WELL BUILD THEMDO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCETO BEST MOULTSlWOC ECOMOMCALTry Us With That Next Job!We Print "AnythingAny TimePRINTINGAll WorkDtUreredOn TimeWhy don't the bald-headed menread some of those hair-rfRfnrJI "sank into It when it fell. .JTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTU AfJUflCXOMj JLentlCJCY.aies:i --J' ?' "" .TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1922XIFXUEY 0 HECESSITY?' "When people desire a luxurythey buy it, no matter how costlyor of how little worth. Human beings lore to pamper themselves, butthe momont a service or a commodity becomes a necessity they take aniggardly attitude toward those whofurnish the necessity. All thoughtis lost of equity and justice in respect to the return to the purveyorsof the necessity." Thus spoke oneof the speakers at the recent convention of the American ElectricRailway Association. Continuingthe speaker said:"All thought is lost -of equity andjustice in respect to the return tothe purveyors of the necessity.They do not object to a return of20 SO or 40 per cent profit in the-purchase price of something they donot need, but the thing that entersinto their daily life, that movesthem from place to place, or feedsthe body, or shelters them, that service or that commodity is relegatedto the point of earning power asnear as possible to zero. Advant-ja-e is taKen oi tne iaci mat a coneern having a franchise which requires it to operate, must operate,even at a loss."oSENNINGS PARK, NOTED RACEE,IS DEAD- , m , i , ISennings Park, one of the besthandicap horses which performedin the East this season, is dead. Histime getting their rights, political-vessel after a work out at BelmontPark.In 1919 his breeder and owner,ft'. H. Luessing, a well known Louisville business man, contracted ipneumonia and died while SenningsPark was in preparation for the.Kentucky Derby. He finished Ifourth in the race. Ahead of himwere Sir Barton, Billy Kelly andUnderfire.To settle Mr. Luessing's estate hiswidow sold Sennings Park in thepaddock at Churchill Downs. -iMoseGoldblatt was not long in disposingof him for $25,000 "to an Easternturfman.Sennings Park was well bred, being by Jim 'Gaffney from IrishQueen. Since 19 IS Sennings Parkhad been credited with winning$ 50,307 for Ms owners.oUSERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely Hntless.THE BOURBON NEWS,CHERRY TREE BLOOMS IN FAILON OHIO LOTA cherry tree, belonging to C. R.Henry, in Bucyrus, O., is in bloom.After bearing a couple of bushels ofcherries last summer the tree wasattcked by a leaf-blight. All theleaves dropped off. The tree has developed a new crop of leaves andblossoms.oFunny thing about pride; it cangrow without anything to feed on.I : LINCOLN' 19 Get Behind the Wheel Wi( - Driving the Lincoln brings a new sense of W ,y Tfae complete mastery of time and roads. Rid' At 'yL Seven-Passenger 8 under all conditions and at any speed, T :f Touring Car k a smooth, even flight. wf-A Mi -42 If If 3 operations accurate to one quarter NnWi JvJUxV thousandth of an inch; 1200 operations mw f. o. b. Detroit - accurate to one half thousandth of an inch; kMA Ten Body Types 5000 Perat.ions accurate to one thousandth JLi F " of an inch; make the Lincoln the most t!j jp ' accurately built car in the world mJ " RUGGLES '; I;"W ty .." ' " -infi'fr .pi ,'ti -HEALTH BOARD REPORTIf deaths in Kentucky are as numerous during the second sixmonths of the calendar year 1922as they were during the monthsfrom January through June, theState's death rate will be materially higher than it was in 1921, saysJ. ,F. Blackerby, director of the StateBoard of- Health's Bureau of VitalStatistics.The death Tate for the first sixmonths of this calendar year was11.2, which is an increase of 10 percent from the 10.1 rate for 1921.This rate of increase probably willbe maintained throughout the entireyear, Mr. Blackerby said.Deaths from influenza., he added,contributed most to the general increase, there being 892 deaths fromthis cause, as against 177 for sameperiod in 1921 and 263 for that entire year."The increase in the influenzadeath rafe," Mr. Blackerby added,"is generally attributed to the factthat the period of immunization ofthose vaccinator! d,,riics of 1918 and 1919 has expiredWith the subsidence of the generalalarm prevalent at that time, gen-)1eral use of the serum was more orless abandoned, and the earlv Svmn.,c nf ti, u,wi 4. l.w.u-itj vi mvwc auiii,icu. WC1C 11UL CUU,,-sidered serious tnough to call aphysician. The call, figures show,was ror tne undertaker instead in a!pathetically largehumber of cases."oMOTHER SHTPTON'S PROPHECIESIN 1485.The lines known as "Mother Shipton's Prophecies" were first published in England in 1485, before thediscovery of America, and of course,before any of the discoveries and inventions mentioned therein. All ofthe events predicted have come topass, except in the last two paragraphs: "Carriages without horses still go,and accidents fill the world withwoe."Around the world thoughts shallfly in the twinkle of an eye."Water shall yet more wonders do,now strange, yet shall be true."The world upside down shall beand gold be found at the root oftree."Through hills man shall ride andno horse nor ass be at his side."Under water man shall walk,shall ride, shall sleep, shall talk."In the air man shall be seen inwhite, in black, in green."Iron in water shall float as easyas wooden boat."God shall be found in stone in aland that is now unknown."Fire and water shall wondersdo. England shall -at last admit aJew."And this world to an end shallcome in eighteen hundred and ninety-one."oTruth Perfectly Expressed.Truth is like the dew of heaven; topreserve its purity it must be gatheredin a clean vessel. Voltaire.oAnd Sometimes Overworked.There are eleven muscles inhuman tongue.ir - mTHE BOURBON NEWS,WILL YOU-HAVE .COAL TO .BURN?We have been warned that therewill be a. coal shortage this winter,and many of us are wondering justhow to cope with the situation.Civilization progressed in the daysbefore man knew there was such afuel as coal. But now, with ourfurnaces, we are dependent upon it.Yet we can do something in the wayof substitution. We can at leastburn less coal.Oil stoves, electric heaters, gasoline stoves any number of otherheaters are on the market to copewith the emergency. There is coketo be had in many parts of thecountry.Soft coal is available in some districts. It is not pleasant to use,but it provides heat, and that, afterall, will be the more important, consideration. Soft coal burned in afurnace which has been built forthe use of hard coal will require aspecial grate.If there are several open fireplaces:in yur home yu can burn wood intlle Parts the country where wood? . ? 6 The eW gES r ele"l0gS m?7 e, n thC ' W PlaCed in the fireplace?penmgs they cast an even heatabout the room and save muchlabor.Oil stoves are difficult to handleand require more work to keepclean. But they are cheap and burna comparatively cheap fuel. Purchase your oil in quantity and youWill save money. It is penny wise,pound foolish to purchase oil by thequart or gallon if one has a place tostore it.GOVERNOR WOODSON'SHOME RENEWEDOLDCol. Alex Sevier, of Barboursville,is having a log cabin, more than acentury old, where Silas Woodson,later governor of Missouri, lived,and which sheltered several otherstatesmen, restored to a habitablecondition and will use it as an office.Efforts were made to have the historic building moved to St. Louis,for the exposition, and several efforts to have it moved to the publicsquare have been made, but theowner declares that it shall remainas a shrine on the spot where it was"built from the stump."o"HONEY MINE" FOUND BY WESTVIRGINIANA regular honey mine has justbeen discovered by G. S. Kitzmiller,a farmer living near Hartmonsville,Virginian. In cutting down a sugarmaple tree on his place he found ala'rge hollow place in- the trunk inwhich he took 107. pounds of honeyof the finest grade. One piece ofsolid comb measured seven feet inlength.Fact Worth Noting. "No man ever died of poison byburying the gall of malice In his ownbreast Exchange.oForetlghtcd.Many a girl who calls a man by nilfirst name has her eye on his last' PARIS, , KENTUCKYrUIIUT ornni-T nr '--- - -KIIIV'I .l,KBB. ' .1 t -B.B " iii .- - iYOUTH IN TIBETEnglish Expedition Hopes to Penetrate Mysteries of AnoientMonasteries.PRIESTS HAVESTRflNGE POWERMission -Expect -to Find Rare Volumes Written 8hortly Aftsr theQreat Deluge Are All of. , Buddhist Faith.London. The veil of, mystery whichshrouds Tibet and the forbidden cityof Lhassa may soon be pushed aside.Recently a group of English investigators left London for Tibet. Therethey hoped to obtain from Buddhistpriests secrets of great and mysterious powers they are rumored to possess. If the expedition succeeds it maymean a great step forward for thewhite race or it may mean nothingat all.The investigators are headed by'D.W. M. McQovern. One of the principal rumors-they will investigate isthe statement that Tibetans have thepower to lengthen the span of humanlife.Know Secret of Youth.It is said there are Tibetan priestswho have been in the priesthood morethan a century. It has been believedthat the priests possess the secret forwhich Ponce de Leon sought in vain."Whether there is any truth in the belief Is one of the things in which themission Is interested.Another matter the mission proposes to investigate is the belief thatTibetan monasteries contain bookswritten thousands of years before theart of letters was introduced into thewestern world.It has been rumored that in someof these monasteries, where no whiteman has ever been allowed to enter,are rare volumes written shortly afterthe great flood, giving an authentic account of the great' deluge. Thus farthe white worldjias been compelled torely upon the Jewish legend containedin the Bible and the legends of otherpeoples.Wealth in Libraries.London is confident the investigators will find material of great importance in the libraries, recordswhich will clarify many puzzling chapters in the early history of the world.Whether or not the mission will accomplish the great things expected ofit remains to be seen. Tibet has neverwelcomed Intrusion from the outsideworld. ' A few short years ago a whiteman took his life into hlshands tovisit the country.In the last few years, however, theattitude of the country has changedslightly perhaps on account of GreatBritain's invasion.One thing which will be in favorof the men composing the Englishmission is the fact that all connectedare of the Buddhist faith. The leaderIs a Buddhist priest and as such willbe able to get into much closer touchwith the priests who guard the greatsecrets, if such they are, than wouldone of the Christian faith.The members of the mission are notso sanguine about finding a fountainof youth, but they do believe their investigations will be of great historicalvalue. All this provided, rof course,that Tibet, allows itself to be '"investigated.' If not, about 'as much as theaverage" tourist.ALIVE; SCOLDS UNDERTAKERVictim of Catalepsy Complains Longi and Loudly of Funeral Ritesin Progress.London. The story of how a "dead"man scolded an ULdertaker Is-told bythe Paris, correspondent of the DailyExpress.A railway employee named PierreLesmelln on Saturday complained ofstrange pains in his head, and he wentto bed. When the caretaker of theflat visited him some time later hisbreathing had apparently stopped andhis heart had ceased to beat.The woman concluded that the manwas dead. " She reported his death tothe authorities at the town hall andsent telegrams to his relatives In theprovince. Then she laid the body outfor burial and placed candles at thehead and foot.On Monday arrangements weremade with an undertaker and a gravewas prepared. The undertaker andhis- assistant 'duly , arrived- with acoffin, but when they entered the roomthey found the supposed "dead" manloudly complaining of the indignitieswhich had been inflicted on him.Lesmelin had been in a state ofcatalepsy.PLAYS JOKE ON UNDERTAKERJersey Man Sentenced to Cut Grassin Library Grounds as Punishment for Hoax.Bel mar, N. J. Because he played apractical joke on an undertaker.Harry G. Sykes was sentenced byMayor William A. Bamford to cuigrass in front of the public library.Sykes was accused of calling by telephone Bussell T. Hardy, reporting adeath and asking him to take care ofthe corpse. When Hardy found hehad been made the victim of a Joke, 11m complained to the mayor.'f v;"iwm hiipiih1j.i,iiihi,ihFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAY;ji ..wE willyou- .O . " TCT-need our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the' mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.DOWNzfio7cCTHE TTN&ERSAL CARLowest F. O. B. Prices in theHistory of the CompanyChassis $235.00Runabout, regular $269.00Touring, regular $298.00Truck Chassis $360.00Coupe $530.00Two-Door Sedan $595.00P. O. B. DetroitStarter remains $70.00; Demountables $25.00, when supplied on open types. Closed types are priced withStarter and Demountables.RUGGLESIX9IKBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 - West Hfh StreetMmWm vWm,iThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyBourbon Mews Advertisers Get ResultsPAGE. SB T T..counselwhen youAGAINEttasBxaBXisxiiSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all .the latest improve- fiments in laundry appliances Wand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.& -ifcz rcyi ia3awMS3Si - i4Pu jp& g&2ae 'm&mmmsii" ci jrft... nUG), L. i- ,r . --., -sxfi ,.) c-.asssammm,trii.fc J--,air','V-i3ia'iai..PARIS," jOEWTglifo OCWBWsifmPAGE EIGHT- ' -" - mmm g jTHE BOURBON NEWS!rWLLERSBURGImtercsting Hews Items From Bomrbon County's College Town-r-Mrs. A- S. Conley is the guest of"3Ir. and Mrs. A. S. Best.Mrs. Mattie Hawes, of Covington, is the guest of her brother, J.A. Butler, and other relatives.The Aid Society of the Christian church will hold an all-day-meeting with Mrs." Virgil Barton,"Wednesday.The grades of the High School-will have a Hallowe'en celebrationon the school grounds this Hal"ilowe'en night.Dr. Owens, of St. Louis, Mo., is-the guest of Miss Levina Layson, atthe home of her parents, Mr. and"Mrs. Charles Layson.Mrs. Columbia White, of Lexington, gave a talk on Red Cross-w.ork to the Red Cross Society,Iblonday night, in the Library of theIMillerburg College..' Mrs. W. R. Nelson, entertained"with a luncheon-bridge Friday afternoon in honor of Miss Levina Layson, the bride-elect, at the home ofTier parents, Mr. and Mrs. F. P."Wadell.The faculty and students of,"3Iillersburg High " School, had astheir ;guests 'for4 a Hallowe'en partyMonday night the faculty and students of Millersburg College and'"Military' Institute.I James : Ireland- Davis, infant sonof Mr. and. Mrs. Ireland Davis, diedat their home in Paris, "and was "buried Friday afternoon in the familylot in , the Millersburg Cemetery."Rev. T. S. Smylie, of Paris, and"Hev. W. W. Morton, of Millersburg,conducted the service. Mrs. Davisbefore her marriage was Miss Meck3ona Butler, daughter of Mr. andMrs. J. A. Butler, of Millersburg.Mr. J. H. Stewart was in Carlisle Saturday in the interest ofopening turkey pens for the season.While standing with a group of menon the crossing on Main street, ahuggy in passing knocked him downTendering him unconscious for aUrne. Carlisle physicians attendedhim, and he was later brought homeby Dr. and Mrs. Charles Mathers, intheir car. He has been in a seriouscondition since the accident. Dr. C.13. Smith, attending physician, called Dr? C. Daugherty, of Paris, inconsultation Sunday.The protracted meeting whichlias been held at the Christian-church for two weeks, closed Sunday night. The Rev. L. E. Sellersreturned to his home in Harrodsburg, Saturday. Rev. G. W. Nutter,.the pastor, conducted the servicesthrough Sunday night. Mr. Martin,choir director and soloist, remained'through the service. Saturday the"baptismal service was held after theregular service. Rev. Nutter administering the baptism to those whomade the confession. There were 16additions to the church, some by letter. Mrs. Kate Caldwell, of M. C,Clarence Thomas, Marion Hunt Lancaster, Joe Grimes, Mr. and Mrs. C.E. Hill. Mrs. Maston, Mrs. Dotson,Mr. and .Mrs. Moreland, and son H.C. Moreland, Mr. Ellis Baldwin,George Potts, Miss Emalee Berry,Mrs. Lancaster, Elizabeth Kokendoffer, Taylor Snelling.Mr. and Mrs. Layson Tarr arein Olathe, Kansas, on a Jjusinesstrip.Mrs Charles R. Jones has returned from a visit to relatives inLexington, Virginia, and Hagerstown, Maryland.Mrs. James Ralls has returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling, after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. JamesHutsell, in this city.Friends in his city have received word to the effect that Chas.C Clark, formerly of this city, hasbeen very ill at his home in Mississippi. Mr and Mrs Clarence Rice,guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson, have returned to their home inIndianapolis, Ind. They were accompanied by Mrs. Jefferson, who willbe their guest for some time.Mrs. Mary Huffman has gone toCincinnati to be with herv son, Richard Huffman, who recently underwent an operation for appendicitis.Mrs. Richard Huffman and littledaughter have been in Cincinnatifor several days.CLAMS "HAKDEST" HEAD INABKANSASTalk about ivory! Lee Reeves, ofWalnut Ridges, Ark,, claims tohave, the hardest head of anyone inArkansas and then some. Reeves isknows as "hard head" because of theresistance and resilience of his cranium. When Reeves gets into' atight place he uses his head. Hethinks nothing of ramming hishead through a door, "breaking 15bottles on his head without a befuddling effect, or striking itN with ahammer, so long as it seems to amusehis spectators. In fact, he doesn'tmind it a bit. Reeves thinks if heI should fall out of the top of a skyscraper, just so he "lit" on his head,all. would be rosy.LODGEJOTES .Charles M. Plummer was giventhe first degree at the meeting ofBourbon Lodge I. 0. 0. F., lastnight.Memorial services were held byBourbon Council J. O. U. A. M., atthe K. of P. Hall Sunday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock. The principal address was delivered by Rev. RobertTurner, pastor of the Spears MillBaptist church. There was an unusually large attendance.hirt:&VVISit' AStyleFitWorkmanshipare three points necessary in high grade merchandise These you will find inour merchandiseFALLSUITSandOVERCOATSin the latest stylesand shades$25.00AND MOREPrice & Co,m fjioimersand FurnishersGOOD EQUIPMENT TO HELPFAEMEBS IN SHORT COURSEFarm men and boys -of the Statewho attend the annual winter shortcourse in agriculture which opensNovember 1 at the College of Agriculture will have the advantage ofequipment that should make it possible for them to get many pointerson better farming, according toThomas P. Cooper, dean of the college. A large farm, herds of purebred livestock, flocks of purebredpoultry and the results from soil experiment fields in different parts ofthe State all will be put to use Inshowing those who attend the shortcourse how the farm back home canbe made a little better.Work in connection with soils, theraising of crops, orcharding, beefcattle, hogs, sheep, dairy cattle andpoultry is being carried out on thecollege farm of 243 acres, which isnear the university campus. On thisfarm also are beef cattle barns, adairy " barn, sheep barn, poultryhouses, a hog cholera serum plant,a laboratory and hospital for thestudy of' animal diseases, a largelivestock judging pavilion, a farmmachinery and gas engine laboratory and a greenhouse.In addition to this farm, the college operates eight soil and crop experiment fields on different soilareas of the state. The results thathave been obtained on these fieldsin raising crop yields through theuse -of different fertilizers will bestudied and their relation to thesoils of the various regions represented by the students explained.The college also owns herds ofpurebred dairy and beef cattle aswell as purebred hogs, -sheep andPercheron mares. A large, wellequipped poultry plant is a part ofthe farm equipment. Further studyof livestock problems is made possible by the many famous breeding establishments to be found within ashort distance of Lexington.The first term of the course willcontinue until December 21, whilethe second term will open January3, 1923, and continue until February 24. Students may take eitherone or both of the terms of work.MATRIMONIALiCounty Clerk fearce Paton issued a marriage license Saturday afternoon to Claude Frederick, ofFleming county, and Miss NannieMedlin, of near Paris. Mr. Frederick is a son of Mr. and Mrs. JamesFrederick, of Fleming county, andMiss Medlin is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs., J. H. Medlin, of Bourboncounty.WALLACE REFFETTA marriage license was issuedFriday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Frank Reffett, twenty-one, of Bourbon county,and Miss May Wallace, eighteen, ofScott county. Mr. Reffett is the sonof Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Reffett, andMiss Wallace is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Newton Wallace, of Scottcounty.DOUBLE WEDDINGRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, officiatedSaturday at a double wedding performed at his home, corner of Mainand Tenth streets. The first coupleClaude Frederick, of Fleming county, and Miss Nannie Medlin, weremarried at 4:30 o'clock, and immediately following their ceremony,the marriage of Frank Reffett andMiss Mae Wallace, both of Bourboncounty, was solemnized, each .coupleacting in the capacity of witnessesand attendants for each other. ,.BULLOCK FARMER ? ,Jos. Farmer, Louisville & Nashville train dispatcher, and. Miss Mar?;'garet Bullock, both of Paris, surprised their friends in this city by eloping to Winchester, where they weremarried late Saturday afternoon.Immediately after the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Farmer left for a honeymoon trip to New Orleans. On theirreturn they will reside in Paris.Mrs. Farmer is the pretty and accomplished daughter of Mr. A. W.Bullock, Deputy State Game Warden, stationed in Paris. Before coming to Paris the family -were residents of Shelbyville.HOWARD WAGONERMiss Lillian Howard and Mr.Edward Wagoner, both of this city,motored to Maysville, where theywere united in marriage at the parsonage of the First Methodistchurch, the ceremony being performed by the pastor. Rev. Mr. Peters. The bride, who is a daughter ofMrs. Hattie Howard, of Paris, wasbecomingly gowned in a blue clothsuit, with hat and gloves to match.The bridegroom is a son of Mr.and Mrs, J. A. Wagoner, and has forsome years been engaged in farmingnear Paris. Immediately followingthe ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Wagoner returned to Paris, and will, forthe future, make their home withthe bride's mother, on Nineteenthstreet.ISAACS ISAACSThe marriage of Mrs. IreneVeatch. Isaacs to Mr. Edgar L.Isaacs was solemnized at the residence of Rev. W. E. Ellis, at 8:30p. m., Friday, October 27. in thepresence of Mr." and Mrs. CarlSchrote, of Paris, Mr. and Mrs. T. E.Jerles, of Lexington, and Rev. W. E.Ellis, the officiating minister. TThe bride is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. J. Veatch, of Paris, andthe groom a son of Mr. HenryIsaacs, of Lebanon, Kentucky.After a reception at the home ofthe bride's parents on Fithian avenue, the happy party left by automobile for Lexington and other Central Kentucky points, after whichthey will be at home by November1st, in Lexington, where Mr. Isaacsholds a responsible position withthe Lexington Utilities Company.This young couple carry withthem the very best wishes for sue-'cess and happiness by a host offriends at Paris, and throughoutCentral Kentucky, where both parties have spent most of their lifeand are well known. -Let the neighbors' chickens roamyour garden; someday you may 'beinvited to a chicken dinner.O v- A slip of the foot is not so apt tobe dangerous as a slip of the.tongue.ALAMO2:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren lOcSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box OfficewGRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults 30cGallery 20cChildren.!. 1 OcTUESDAY Famous Players Present TUESDAYAlma Rubens -"- Harrison Fordin "FIND THM WOMAN"Broadway high and low life gold digging vamp and innocent girl fromcountry all New York, at its best and worst lives, on the mysterydrama. Charlie Chaplin "Sunnyside"PATHE NEWSWEDNESDAYAGNES AYRESwithMiltonSILLSin "BORDERLAND"f3Agnes AvrisA beautiful drama of passion and sacrifice. Cast includes Casson Ferguson. A romance of a society belle, who loved not-wfsely, but too well.See her lavish costumes and daring escapades. See her rise throughfolly to happiness.ASsCXOt. -Jtlim L LajktTHURSDAYHERE IT IS- !THE PICTUREYouVe Been Waiting to See. Cast IncludesLEATRICE JOY CONRAD NAGEL-EDITH ROBERTSJACK MOWER-THEODORE ROBERTS-JULIA FAYFor Once Saturday IVigfit Comes on ThursdayDeMille'sSafundaifw Q K'k... rmpcupied a foremost position inall thecivic and public enterprises of thecity. He is prominent in social andfraternal circles, and has as manywarm friends as any young man whoever lived in Paris.Following the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Clendenin left for a short honeymoon trip. On their return theywill be at home to their manyfriends in Paris.oNEW HOUSE FOB SALEThose melancholy fall days thatthe poet wrote about must havebeen the ones without pumpkin pie.Statistics show that more fire insurance is sold than tornado insurance. Who can start a tornado?'?NEW 7-E00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UEB0N LUMBEE CO.(nov25-tnELECTRICAL WORKIT We repair and installjl all kinds of ElectricalEquipmentBell WorkHousewiringContractingFixturesAll Sizes BulbsOUR PRICES ARE. RIGHTOUR WORK GUARANTEEDLET US GIVE- YOU AN ESTIMATE ON YOUR WORKBLUE GRASS ELECTRIC CO.PARIS, KY. 425 Main St. CUMB. PHONE 500RAY CLENDENINThe marriage of Mr. Roy F.Clendenin, of Paris, and Mrs. Lillian Hancock Ray, of Frankfort, wasquietly solemnized Saturday afternoon, at the home of the bride, inFrankfort, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church, officiating. ' .The bride is a most attractiveyoung woman, a niece .of Miss Carrie 'Peterson, of Frankfort, with whomshe has been making her home forsome time. She is a woman of unusual business ability, and for several years had been engaged asbookkeeper in the National BranchBank of Frankfort. She has a largecircle of friends and acquaintancesthroughout Central Kentucky and inher home community.Mr. Clendenin is a son of Mr.Charles Clendenin, of Eminence, formerly of Paris, and is one of .thebest known young business men ofParis. He is the Paris agent for theNorthwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompany, and in 1916 was madeAssociate General Agent of the Company, with headquarters in Paris.He has twice led the entire agenciesof the United States in the numberof lives insured, and was . electedpresident of the Marathon Club, anauxiliary of the Northwestern Company, composed of agents and managers. He is a former - pregldemtofthe Board of Education, and iuti'oc-Opportunities For ThriftGREATER VALUES FOR SATURDAY AND NEXT "WEEKFALL FOOTWEARIncluding all the newest novelty styles ata great saving on every pair.Buy at Paris' Greatest ShoeStoreSAVE THE DIFFERENCEtfc-fS A&-J)0Special Sale Ladies' and Growing Girls Tan Lace Boots, lowand medium height rubber heels. Special atS2.99- rLadies' newest beaded Satin StrapSlippers a wonderful value, Special, $3.95 and$2.85Ladies' new Fall Patent and TanLace Oxfords.Special$3.45SPECIAL! Ladies' Soft Kid Comfort Shoes, rubber heels.Special at$1.99Men's new Fall Footwear. Wesave you money on every pair.Newest Tan and Black leathers.Now on sale at $.95, $3,45. .. . Jj.gj$1.95Men's Work and Scout Shoes. Tanand Black. Special..Boys and Girls School ShoesMisses' and Children's Tan LaceBoots. All sizes 8 up j to .Specials . ,.Boys' and Youths' Tan Shoes. Greatfor wear. Special$1.99$1.99POSNER BROS.Paris Greatest Shoe StoreDAN COHEN STAND 336 MAIN STREET