.JW'w-j;-I A irtu.'"J;lSfe-"s- StiSatf'i?"55:" Tift -H Tn-ai.'- ;r4i "PUBLLSHEDTUESDAYTHE YEAR."aVOLUME XL1IwPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY. MAY 2, 1922- -THEduuiduii ntwawi ' -fAND FRIDAY.. INIvr-LzMr?:--rki.?.wf;full time health bureaufoe bouebonThe recent announcement thatthe Paris Commercial Club has advocated a lull time health department lor Bourbon county and thecity ol Paris has elicited many inquiries Irom interested citizens. Several prominent physicians ol Paris""have endorsed this movement as oneol the most progressive steps incommunity welfare that has everbeen endorsed by any organization inParis.According to a statement madeby Secretary Harris, the purelycommercial value of the full timehealth department estimated interms of increased hours of industry due to better general health conditions is far in excess of the yearlyexpense of maintaining this department. He stated that entirely fromthe standpoint of economics, bankers, merchants and farmers shouldbe equally interested in the plan to-supervise efficiently and constantlythe application of the principles ofhygiene and sanitation to our community. Many of the knotty civic problemsthat seem almost impossible of solution are handled by this department in a manner encouraging tolaymen who have ventured into this-difficult field. We have in Bourbon-county in the Health- and "WelfareLeague an organization that canautomatically become a part of the-full time health department, as hasbeen the practice in other counties,and retain the services of a womanwho has-been invaluable in hervrork in our community.The State with the aid of theRockefeller Foundation proposes togive Bourbon $5,000 provided a likeamount is raised, and financial assistance may be expected from theTied Cross, Anti-Tuberculosis Leagueand other welfare organizations.. oTOR THE LADIESPhoenix Vull Fashioned hosieryior women in all the newest shades.J. W. DAVIS & CO.s EXPLOSION OF LAMP DESTROYSCARLISLE HOMEThe country home of Mr. andTtfrs. Clay Crouch, at Carlisle, was-completely destroyed by fire about"ten o'clock Saturday morning. Theexplosion of a coal oil lamp startedthe blaze, which resulted in the destruction of the home. Mr. Crouch-carried about $1,000 insurance.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN:"Ole Know Bow"SPRINGOPENINGDISPLAY OFSTEIN-BLQGH ANDREADY-TO 'WEARCLOTHESNew Stylesof outstanding distinction and merit."New Woolensof unrivaled excellence in appearanceand quality.New Pricesthat conform to present ideas of economySport 'and ConservativeModelsMitchell &BlakemoreJMICHAELSWOMEN HONOB FORMER PRESIDENT WILSONSeveral thousand women, including numberous delegates to the Baltimore convention of the NationalLeague ol "Women Voters, and to theconvention ol the League" ol American Pen Women? staged a demonstration belore the Home . of lormerPresident Wilson, in Washington.Cheers of the women brought Mr.Wilsoij to the door, and upon requests for a speech he declared thatwhile he appreciated the compliment very much, he felt he was"not strong enough to make aspeech.'Mr. Wilson, calledT back- by thecheers, again thanked? the womenand added:"I will repeat for you one of myfavorite limericks, which runs asfollows:' 'For beauty I am no star,My face I don't mind it,"Because I am behind it ' "The rest of the verse was lost Ina burst of laughter and cheeringthat was heard for blocks.The delegation from the KentuckyLeague of Women Voters to the national convention in Baltimore wasreceived by the Kentucky Congressional delegatiom in- the office ofSenator A. O. Stanley. Those present to receive the delegates, besidesSenator Stanley, were Senator Richard P. Ernst, Representatives BenJohnson, B. H. Kincheloe, J. Campbell Cantrill, J. M. Robinson andCharles F. Ogden, Mrs. Stanley, Mrs.John Langley and Mrs. Cantrill werealso present to welcome "the Kentucky delegation.oSAMPLE TRUNKS ROBBEDBen Downey, traveling salesmanfor the David Ades Dry Goods Co.,,of Lexington, who resided here-manyyears until 'moving to Lexington,parked his truck, containing hissample trunks, on Seventh street,while he went to the ball park toroot for the team representing hisold home town, Paris.On his return he found the trunksbroken open, and rifled of goodsamounting to about $75, besides somearticles of personal wear.The matter was reported to Chiefof Police Link, who arrested andjailed a young white boy namedArthur Mack, charged with havingbroken open the trunks and removed the missing goods. The goodswere recovered and restored to Mr.Downey. Mack had only been released from jail about three weeksago. A number of automobiles havebeen robbed of rugs and clothes andtb.e police are of the opinion Mackhas been concerned in some of them.N PAY Y0UB, LICENSETHE CITY LICENSES ARE NOWDUE. CALL AT ONCE AT THEPEOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK .ANDTRUST COMPANY, AND SAVE THEPENALTIES.C. K. THOMAS,(2-tf)City Collector.WALL PLASTERJustplasterreceived a carload of walland hydrated lime. SpeedPortland Cement always in stock.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO. (It)NEGROES OHIO BOUNDIn charge of a former Paris contractor, a large number of Parisand Bourbon county negroes leftyesterday for Dayton and Youngstown, Ohio, where they will be employed on construction work. AtDayton they will be employed on abig six-story apartment house andhospital buildings. At Youngstownthey will be employed on a big steelmills in course of construction. TheYoungstown and Dayton plants arealready under way, the colored mento be employed mainly on excava-tion Vork, at good wages.WOOLWE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL, AND WILL PAY HIGHESTPRICES. GET YOUR SACKS ANDTWINE FROM US.BRENT & COMPANY, Inc.(apr21-5t)EDITORS NAME COMMITTEE TODECIDE ON NEXT MEETINGThe executive board of the Kentucky Press Association . met at theLefayette Hotel, in Lexington, Saturday morning for the purpose of arranging a program and deciding onthe meeting place for the midsummer meeting.A committee composed of L. S.Fitzhugh, of" the Wilmore Enterprise, chairman of the board, and J.C Alcock, of Danville, secretary,was appointed to decide on the timefor the meeting and to" name theplace ofmeeting.Following the meeting the boardmembers were entertained at lunchby Francis' Douglas, of tne Kentucky Jockey Clutb -and later at. thejTAceg. W. L. Dawson, of Lagrange,lg president 'of 'the' association. '" "AMERICAN RED CROSS REGIONAL,CONFERENCE -The Regional Conference of the.'American Red Cross, composed ofcounties in this district, will be helJin the Y. M. C. A. building, in Paris,on Thursday, May 4. The following program will be observed rMorning Presiding Miss MarieCollins, Chairman Bourbon CountyChapter; Roll Call Representatives'of all Chapters answering by tellingin one or two words what Is themost successful achievement of eacn.Chapter; "Red Cross and the Ex-ServiceMan" Mr. Lewis Kilpatrick,Chairman Montgomery County Chapter; "Why the Veteran's BureauNeeds the Co-operation of the RedCross" Mr. Armin Binder, Managerof Sub-Division Office of Veteran'sBureau, Lexington, Ky; "Home Production in Kentucky Chapters"Miss Virginia Wing, Lake DivisionA. R. C.Noon Lunch ; Presiding - Mr.John Williams, Vice-Chairman Bourbon County Chapter; "RecreationDemonstration" Miss Helen Kersey, Greencastle, Ind.Afternoon "Health Suggestions"Demonstrated by the Junior RedCross Members in Bourbon county;County Health Program ChairmanMiddlesboro Chapter; PermanentMembership Mrs. E. D. Pearson,Chairman Jessamine County Chapter; "Responsibility of the Executive Committee for County Program"Mrs. C. C. Crecelius, PendletonCounty Chapter; "Relation of theNational Organization" Mr. StarrCadwallader, Manager Lake Division; Round-Table-" What a RedCross Chapter Could Mean to MyCountry."Evening 7 p. m. to 9 p. m.Representatives from the Veteran'sBureau will give two hours of instruction to Red Cross Secretariesand persons who are assisting 'service men file their claims, in justwhat is the proper way to preparethe blanks, affidavits, etc.oY. M. G. A. SWIMMING SEASONOPENSThe Y. M. C. A. swimming andtennis season opened, yesterday witha "big splash" in the pool on thatday, and a crowd on the tenniscourts.The following swimming schedulehas been adopted until the close ofschool in June:Younger Boys 14 and. under,Mondays and Wednesdays? St&ik.m.; Saturdays, 10:00 a.m.High School Boys Mondays,Wednesdays, Thursdays, 5:00 p. m.,Saturdays, 2:30 p. m. -Business Men Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays, 6 p. m.Employed Boys and Young MenDaily 7:30 p. m., except Tuesdaysand. Fridays.Girls Tuesdays and Fridays, 3p. m.Women Tuesdays and Fridays,7:30 p. m.The swimming and tennis fees areas follows:Men $3.00, good for 4 months.Boys 15 to 18, $1.50, good-for4 months; $2.00, good for 6 months.Boys 10 to 14 $1.00, good for1 year.. Women $1.50, good for 4 months;$2.00, good for 6 months, (tennis.)Girls 15 to 18, $1.50, good toend of season.Girhs 10 to 14, $1.00, goodend of swimming season.otoCHOSEN SUPERVISORS OF, PLAYGROUNDS. Miss Grace Gruickshank, of Lexington, has been appofhted as supervisor of playgrounds, in this city,for the summer, and will-begin dutyby instructing a class each Saturday evening in Paris in playgroundHwork, so that her assistants may beready when the regular season arrives. Mis's Cruickshank has been one ofthe directors of the playgrounds inLexington for several seasons, andis splendidly- equipped for her newposition. Many will hear the newsof her appointment with interestand good wishes.oRED .CROSS MEETING iThe luncheon . meeting wiir beTield at the home of Mrs. James McClure, on Vine street. The proceedsfrom the luncheon are to go to theSodliers Memorial Building Fund.All members of .the Red Cross inBourbon county are invited to attend these meetings. Mr. Cadwallader, manager of the LakeDivision, American Red Cross Cleveland,., a prominent social worker in Cleveland, and in the State ofOhio, is the principal speaker onthe afternoon program.Plates for the luncheon (75 cents)may be reserved by calling the Commecrial Club office any day beforethe meeting or on Thursday at theregistration booth at the Y. M. C. A.Reports that dyspepsia tabletMakers were preparing to enter theRussian , market are deiied. ..EASE BALLLEAGUESTANDINGClubWon: Lost Pet.Lexington . . . . . .s. . . 3.1000.1000.600.3D0.000.000Maysville 3Paris . .. ,..2'Cynthiana.- 1Winchester .,. 0Mt. Sterling 0Two runs off of Vallandingham inthe ninth inning before an out, wasmade gave the Paris-Mammothsvictory over the Winchester Hustlers in the game at League ParkSunday afternoon. The final scorestood 7 to '6, the score being 6 tQ5up to the ninth. Tavenner, whai . . . . . . . . istarted in the box for the Hustlers,allowed but seven hits in the sevekinnings, but was taken out on account of: wildness. Brockey, theParis catcher, got five hits out offive times at bat. The game was aloosely played one by both teams.The batteries were: For Paris McCord, Moser and Brockey; for Winchester Vallandingham, Tavennerand Thoss; umpire, Shaw; time ofgame, 2 hours and 55 minutes. Thescore by innings:Winchester .110 2 0 10 10 t6Paris .. .. 0 10 112 0 0 '2--7The Paris team will n meet Mt.Sterling atLe&gue Park, in this city,on Thursday afternoon, at threeo'clock, on Thursday afternoon, atthree o'clock. Both teams are going well and while Mt. Sterling is,at present occupying a cellar position they have splendid materialand will put up a good game.The opening game of the ChurchLeague will be played on the newgrounds, Hancock Field, on Winchester street, this (Tuesday) afternoon.The event will be a double header,with the following contendingteams: Presbyterians vs. Methodist; Christian vs. Baptist. Playwill be called promptly at 1:30o'clock.. These grounds have beenput in excellent shape, with com-'modius grandstand, and all accommodious grandstand, and all accomplayers on the various teams havebeen putting in many hours ofstrenuous practice and a good game islooked for.Manager Goodman has givenCatcher Powell his release, due tothe fact that he does not desire tocarry three catchers. He recommends Powell very highly to anysemi-pro club inneed of a goodcatcher. Mosher, the new pitcher,comes highly recommended by GarryHerrman, of the Cincinnati Reds.COUNTY SCHOOL EXAMINATIONSSuperintendent J. M. McVeymakes the announcement that theregular examinations for countyschool diplomas will be held in thecourt house in Paris, on Friday andSaturday, May 12 and 13. All pupils of the county who have completed the required eight grades ofstudy in the rural, graded or cityschools are eligible for this examination. The successful applicantswill be privileged to attend anyHigh School in .the State withoutfurther examination.Any pupil in the county wno hasreached the age of sixteen years andhas completed the grades is also eligible to attend the summer school,which begins at Paris, June 19.High Schools of the State will givecredit for all work -done at the summer schools.FERTILIZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CARLOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GRADE REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. -PRICE LOWEST INSEVERAL- YEARS. IT PAYS TOUSE IT.BRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)' -- - .'BOURBON COUNTY AGAIN, "FIRSTOVER TOP."Informal reports from all over theState indicate that the campaign tocomplete the $300,000 fund to erecta memorial building on the University ofKentucky campus will &esuccessful, it was reported by Herbert Graham, alumni secretary.Although the fund has not beenpaid in, the spirit among the children to raise their one dollar quotais high and when the reports are allin the $300,000 Vill be secured, Mr. 'IGraham said. Previously $180,000has been given, leaving $120,000 tobe raided.Bourbon county is officially thefirst county over the top, it was announced bv Mr. Graham. Prof. LeeKirkpatrick reported the $5,000quota raised- A report from JDcmisville states that $32,000 of the $50,000 quota of Jefferson ;county hasbeen secured.The scholarships offered by thecommittee is proying an incentiveto the high school seniors who "areI working .hard, Mr. "IGraham 'aald. " ' yCITY COUNCIL PRODEEDHIGK$ke proceedings of the last regular meeting of the City Council was-enhvened by a debate, between members of the Council and Chas. E.Cook, the latter representing: thevarious church bodies of the city.The subject matter was- a petition, numerously signed, and presented by Mr.f Cook, requesting, theCouncil to refuse to grant licensesto any one to conduct soft "drink:stands, who had been previouslv indicted arid fined for infrptfnn r,rthe law.In the course of his remarks Mr.Cook expressed his confidence in theMayor and members of the City'Cajmcil, but said that existing conditions should be remedied, and' intimated that if. the officials did not dotheir full duty the church peoplewould' take the matter in theirhands some time in the future.Councilmen Kenney and Doyle defended the attitude of the Council,and defined their attitude in regardto tne issuance of licenses. Mayor IJanuary took the stand that theMayor and the Councilmen were do-Iing their duty as they saw it.At the conclusion of the-talks aetion v,as taken in the matter, andjthrlicenses of all the soft drinkstands in the city were renewed.Councilman George Doyle report-led thatthe city was overdrawn injhank to the extent of $"10,000, thata note for $5,000 was due, and another note-for $2,000, would fall dueon the first of May.The Treasurer was directed toborrow $10,000 for immediate use,and all salaries of. city officials whowould permit it would be held upfor a few weeks until license fundsbegan to come in.RINSO SOAPSPECIAL PRICES DURING DEMONSTRATION. i PACKAGE 7c5 PACKAGES 29c10 PACKAGES 57c17 PACKAGES . . . ; 95cTHE LEADER STORE.BEST HOME INSURANCEINSURE YOUR HOME AGAINSTFIRE AND TORNADO. STRONGCOMPANY. PROMPT SETTLEMENT. (apr25 4t-T) A. J. FEE, Agent.FRANK & CO.. LADIES' OUTFITTERSSee Ourof-" New-..WashDresses--".-.T "WE HAVE THEM INVOILES, GINGHAMSRATINES and SWISSES,-feNEW LINE OFQarden and PorchvDressesJUST RECEIVEDFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS -BOUXBOX STUDUTTS AXTircrrnrmsiTTBasil Haydem, sob of J. W. Hayden, f. Parisv Kentucky, is a graduate student im the UniTGraitjr 1"Kentucky, having completed tkmprescribed course in chemistry im.fJune,. I 21. -He is a- member of the ."KtiBM ; -Sigmafraternity- and. of Ala CMSigma-,, the honorary cheiatry fraternity, membership in whiclr is idicative of high scholastic 8tadifcYoung Hayden excels in atfcleti,having; beek captain of the basketball team of 1521, which was dlared the champion team of the Southin the Southern IntercollegiataAthletic Association tournameat atAtlanta. His work this year, brilliant as it has been, was serioualjrhindered by injuries sustained at thafirst of the season.For three years he has starred imIT. of K. track meets. Ha holds thaState record for the javelin throw,whieh is 163 feet 3 inches, established here in the State meet of1921.Fannie Beneva Heller, daughter oCMr. and and Mrs. P. M. Hellej, -ofParis, Ky., is registered as a Senior .in tae Home Economics Departmant vof the College of Agriculture at tkaUniversity of Kentucky." She entered the University in 1S18, havimtrbeen graduated from the Paris HighSchool.During Miss Hellers stay at' tka iUniversity she has made an envia-ble record both in scholastic standing and in school activities. Sha isPresident of the "Women's Self Government Council of the University,and will represent this Council atits National Convention held the firstof May at Cornell University inNew York. Miss Heller is, a memberof the Home Economic's SororityPhi Upsilon, Omicron and besidethese honors she is a very attarctivamember of the Y. "W. O. A., the"Vomen's League, the Women's Administration Council and the Philosophian Literary Society.PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILLSDon't forget that the 10th of thamonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save tharegular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us troubla ansaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)Showing-v"J-..A- --T - -m"Fv.-?.fi-sew-r3-vT"M5 S$& W?- -Vr-&Mr-;"vv" -W,r'wrj'JWuaTsgF'-;-' i' iV. -!2mtFAGETWO!ffi BOURBONL 1ST 2 41 Tears of fin-tbuiois PmblicttionErerv Tnesdav and Fridavj&m Year $2.006 Months $1.00Xayable Cash in Advance.s fxoiaAjriariwiLL cnfer "ur-LLfcALHUTUU THIS TEAXrGHAMP, Editor and Owner.MtlttiNdat the Paris, Kentucky,as Mail Matter of thaClass. )tmTOL ' FOEEIGN. REPRESENTATIVES. . Jfew York American Press Asso-ytJMstism.Oucafo lord & Thomas. .Philadelphia NW. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale 'Adv. AgencyXimcimmati Blaine Thompson CoLomisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESec "Display Advertisements, $1.00 per"imch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line-ach issue; reading notices in black"type, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi-'-dates,obituaries and resolutions and- aimflar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseiments and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement ormother matter for publication.Announcements for political offices"vaiust. invariably be accompanied bythe cash..v' Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of,-any person, firm or corporation'- which may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly ..corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGS- fexIf I had .such an easy place,-As that good, guy, the boss,JTd just roll on from base to base,-Nor gather any moss.Thomas A. Edison is sending outgjs-w- 4 , icf nf miPsHnns for the women toanswer, and it is our guess that alarge majority of the answers will-simply be "Because.'i.it' " .- Says the crusty old Paris maiden:'Up to date none of the women folks"of my acquaintance have been seen7-ianging around the corners of the-streets in Paris, and complaining because the men's trousers aren'tlong enough." xLives of Parisians some remind usWe may toil with zeal intense,' And, departing, leave behind us,JLess than forty-seven cents.'"Some 25 years ago members ofMorgan's command .who sought theopportunity to meet with each otherfree from the crowds and the tinselof reunions such as had become customary with some of the organizations of Confederate soldiers, v conceived the plan of having the fighting men of that command gatheronce a year. ,' ..The thqught was that those whorode together during the four 'yearsof the war, those who were confinedin Federal prisons, those who shareddanger, faced death and imprisonment, should have an opportunityeach year to gather and renew, thememories of those gallant days.General -Basil Duke was electedthe first president of the organization and such men as Steve Sharpeand Doctor Lewis and Ab Sinclairand Henry Holly and Ed Holly andHorace Taylor and W. C. P. Breckinridge, to the number of nearly 400,gathered at Olympia Springs. Therewere no balls, there were no maidsof honor, there were no parades,were no high sounding titles atthose reunions. The Old stories weretold and the friendships formed inthose days of danger renewed.Since then the organization hasmet every year at Olympia Springsor at Park's Hill camp ground inNicholas county.Death has been busy in the ranksof Morgan's men. Year by yearswith increased avidity death hastaken from their number until today it seems that it may not bejonguntij a Confederate soldier will beburied and no Confederate "soldierleft to walk by his bier.This year Captain Horace Taylorfthe secretary of Morgan's men, feltit would be better to have the meeting at some point more central thanOlympian, which fhe members ofthe organization could reach without long travel.Through Desha Breckinridge,whose father was a member of Morgan's men. Captain Taylor's thoughtwas brought to the attention of theHon. J. W. Stoll, president of theCountry Club, and Mr. Stoll, speaking for the board of directors andthe members of the club, promptlyextended an invitation to Morgan'smen to use the club for their reunion. The Executive Committee of theorganization willmeet in the nearfuture and fix a date for the reunion, which is usually held in theearly fall. By having the reunion atthe Country Club all the memberscan attend with assurance of aneasy trip, of pleasant quarters, andwarm hospitality and hold their reunion near the scene where thegreat majority of them enlisted under the Stars and Bars and also nearscenes where they engaged in mortal combat with Federal troops.L-cO-xU -z vTa- -r" A - --. -f!i-ftfew -:-n t-t II iiT 1 IT II " HPB 1 IWTAnHfliinj " rafiarSSn INIintE :"'J,. Tv ""-- " " ':?THE BOURBONmmEARJUST ANY TIMEAND FEELS FINEMrs. Dora Fulton Declares She WasTfr DressHardly. AhleHerselfBefore Taking Tanlae, But Is HowWell And Strong.un-manyKENTUCKY CLASSICAL ASSOCIATION AT LEXINGTON&"-Mv fortv acres and set of builder, crc remarked a Paris citizen,"seem to compare very favorably. with 'these beautiful gems withenough land for a garage that I seeadvertised, in the Lexington papers.-I'm beginning to wonder if my lit-.. tie place isn't worth half as much."-Comidies always end with marri--ages, says a typical observer of themovies, who is also somewhat of aphilosopher, because that's wherethe tragedy usuaUy begins. But the. modern novel is different. It opens. -with the tragedy of one marriage,, it, rtV.ioTn hv desertion or- SOlVeS LUC yi.w-'"- "J- -divorce, and'-stops happily and comically at the altar where its caaiai.-v - cters try another time.V It is Said that if you put one" bad"X .egg in a jar of water-glass with onehundred good ones none of the onehundred will be better than"scramblers" and a great many peo-. y i -hoHAve the same principles ope-' '' 'rate in society.. It. might also apply", io the modern "reformer," the holier--nthan-thou, do-as-I-say kind.n rV"" As soon as a Bourbon county boy- or girl can read the Lord's Prayer'Ae or she should be taught to read,"-tke home papers, most especiallyTHE NEWS. And they sliould bet encouraged to keep up in their after-- lives, yea, even unto iaeir uuu-,and their children's cnuareu.- lo THE BOURBON NEWS.Jhas gono,from one generation to another of-r the best families," and has alwaysC Droved a welcome visitor.- vairplane wouldSC0TTIThe third annual meeting of theTTPTitnp.kv Classical Association, oninvitation of the schools and col-1 local committees.leges of Lexington, was neia in .Lexington, Friday and Saturday andwas one of the mostv importantevents of the week.Officers of the association areMiss Elizabeth Roff, Ashland HighSr.hool. nresidents. Prof. T. T. Jones,University of Kentucky, vice-president;Prof. Wren Jones Grinstead,Eastern Normal school, secretarytreasurer. The headquarters' for thedelegates were at the Phoenix Hotel.Prof. E. M. Costello, of the NorthMiddletown High School, and MissVirginia Lewis, of Mijlersburg ColIpetp. are members of the Latinana iviissParis Highthe LatinMs.. Dora Fulton, 2787 W. SixthStreet, Cincinnati, Ohio, has addedher testimony to the thousands whohave been benefited by Tanlae. Shesaid:"I was so run down I just feltgood for nothing all the time. I hadno appetite to speak of and the littleI did eat upset me so that I wasin misery for hours. My food formed gas that bloated me until I couldhardly breathe. I was, constipatedand had dull, mean headaches. Icouldn't sleep nights and oftenwould wake up with a -jump. Icould scarcely dress myself, muchless do any housework."Well. Tanlae did me so - muchgood I think I can eat anything, anytime. My sleep is sound and restful. I can easily do my housework,and I feel fine all the time. I justthink Tanlae is the best medicine inthe world.'Tanlae is sold by all good druggists. " (adv)oSCHOLARSHIPS 0FFEBED FBEETO KY. UNIVERSITYScholarships to Kentucky University amounting to $6,500 are offered to members of the graduatingclass of high schools and preparatory schools for obtaining the largestnumber of subscriptions to the Kentucky Memorial Building fund, according to announcement made, bythe campaign committee following aconference with officials of the University. One scholarship valued at- $50will be awarded in each county, provided a minimum of $500 is subscribed to the $300,000 MemorialBuilding to be erected in memoryof the 3,056 Kentuckians who gavetheir lives in the World War. Fivescholarships valued at $100 eachwill be awarded in the State atlarge.One dollar for each school childin the State is the aim set by cityand county" superintendents andprincipals of schools. Soliciting willbe started by the young people Monday following patriotic exercises intheir respective sthools.P'rivate schools and colleges willtake part in the drive including theUniversity of Louisville and theUniversity of Kentucky. Flyingsquadrons made up cjf studentsfrom the University of Kentuckywill visit towns in Central Kentucky during the last three days'ofthe week supplementing the work orWith the great popularization ofradio has sprung up a mushroomgrowth of wireless equipment manufacturers who are flooding the mar-Keis wun supplies, some arequestionably satisfactofyf butare grossly inferior. -A word of caution-to the amateur:Buy your equipment from a reliabledealer oniy. Never taker anythingthat is supposed to be "just asgood."Take a standard product, even ifthe price seems a bit. higher. It ismuch cheaper in the end.Unscrupulous dealers are. prone toexaggerate the receiving power oftheir sets.. Some instruments thatwere sold to "pick up" messages fora radius or several hundred milesnever received anything from morethan forty .miles.Eventually everyone, regardless ofthe distance from the transmittingstations, should be able to rig up hisown outfit which will put him intouch with .the, wireless world.Buy your radio equipment here inParis, and you- will be sure of netting only the reliable product., oTha Difference.With most of us men our clothes areIn style as long as they are wearable;whereas with the women their clothesare wearable only as long as they areIn style. Boston Transcript- Jb-Lawn mowers sharpened amd repaired. Scissors and knives ground.We weld and repair all metals incommon use and do general machinerepair work.SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.7apr21-tf, -EOSTSomewhere in-Paris, from rear ofautomobile on the evening .pf Wednesday... April 26, a 36x4 tire.Finder please return toJTHE NEWSoffice and receive reward.(apr28-tf)twfcAT, uxr i. il&j-hMMMMfMBT. 'M1. ' .." -Mi - -!'WANTEDX want to reat a four or fira no.cottage, or a thr or four roomflat. Call THE NEWS office. DotPhones 124. (21-tf)t7lFOR SALEOne 5 passenger Dodge "car? oka "jr?fiDodge roadster. Call phone 62?, daytime, 1027 night, Winchester, lCy. - japrzi-iuWe Buy and SellAll kinds of household goods.- Special price on a 4-piece BedKoom set a beauty. Come and see it.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.'(augl5-tf)Cumb.-Phone 402.i- Frftj U.iliFIRST CLASS COALWe are sellingthe, best grade ofBlock Coal for $6; 50 per ton at theyards, and $7.00 per ton for- citydelivery. Why pay more? Everyload guaranteed. -MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.Cumberland Phone 711, Home 510.(jan27-tf-T)-FOR RENTSHERIFF'S SALEj.170 acres grass land, on R. R.Rogers farm, on Cynthiana pike.Address,H. R. PREWITT, Agent.(28-2t) Mt. Sterling, Ky.D. McClintocks. . . " . . . .Plaintiff"Vs, Notice of Sale.Turner & Clayton.. ..DefendantsEstrayed or StolenJersey heifer, weight about 600 or700 pounds; little sway backed andcarries head low; hole in right ear;been gone-since Tuesday, April 18;last seen on the Georgetown pike,near Elizabeth. Liberal reward.M. L. WOODS,Home Phone 482,(It) Paris, Ky.EGGS WANTEDISSnlMaMMMMBMBBMBBMUnder and by virtue of a DistressWarrant which issued from theBourbon Quarterly Court in favor ofJ. D. McClintock, against T'urner &Clayton, I will expose to sale to thehighest bidder onSATUBDAY, MAY 6, 1922,on the premises, at No. 324 MainStreet, Paris, Ky., the stocks of Groceries and Fixtures now in saidstore room.The fixtures consist of one IronSafe, Computing Scales, Meat Cutter, Show Cases, Counter.s Etc.Terms, Cash, or 3 months, withgood and approved security.M. PEALE COLLIER,Sheriff of Bourbon County.Capr28may2-5)Everything in thePaint and Varnishline nothing hutthe best.GET OURPRICESVarden & SonDruggistsOPEEA COMPANYLEXINGTONATEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf 'W. O. CROMBIE.1NTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.LexingtonTo ParisTournament Committee;Lucille Harbold, of theSchool, is a member ofClub Committee.. -oFOUE EXAMINATIONS TORTEACHERS OF STATEr1 tntrfortrn rTI ailr1, . . . i-j,i -.f oiornnlb useless, out some .mu ---thatwould accurately indicate theTrv near presence of an automo-,-o trap:ts of Paris when-you're vainly attempting to negoti-U a passage across, would be some-tking effectual. Many drivers haveio" (on their machines) tfiat are, absolutely useless, to all intents andpoU, as they do not take theSTto sound them, even whenISt -a about to knock down and-z. riua oyer a person.X loial merchant advertised "goodan'i Hose cheap." Guess he's", -Tlfat. Good women do not wear theif a" pair kind as a rule.oSUM carrying much gold wereI a fiirnneh the war zone.inuLz carrvinc omly men, women.There will be four examinationsfnr teachers for Kentucky publicohnnis durinsr 1922, it has been announced by George Colvm, btateSuperintendent. The first will bethe regular examination for elementary certificates May 19 and 20; thesecond, the regular examination forelementary and State certificates andState diplomas, June 16 and 17;third, a .special examination for elementary certificates in all countiesand for State certificates at Frankfort, July 28 and 30, and fourth, ther.ariT. ovnm'ination for elementarycertificates, State certificates andState diplomas, September 15 and T6.There will be no other examinations in any county and none atFrankfort except in case of "unquestionable emergency", at the latter place, the supennieuueuu -Examinationsmust be taken in thecounty an which' the applicant livesor else at the department of education. 'Certificates issued in countiesother than those in which the applicant lives will be revoked.o- ,Yes, That's the Rub."It's our duty," said Uncle Eben"to love our fellow men.. But in ordeito do so you's got to be terrible for-The Scotti Grand Opera Companywill appear matinee and night atWoodland Auditorium, Friday, May19, and will present "Carmen" inthe afternoon and "Pagliacci" andL'Oracolo," a double bill, in theevening. The one day -will be devoted to the highest musical entertainment of the m season in CentralKentucky.nvmr vears aeo Antonio Scotti,the famous baritone of the Metropolitan Opera Company, inaugurated the first tour of the Scotti GrandOpera Company and visited a fewcities in the Middle West in .theearly autumn with a company madeup principally of artists, chorus andorchestra from the MetropolitanOpera House, in New York and witha repertoire of three operas. Thesuccess of the venture was instantaneous. The public realized thatthere was grand opera worthy of thename, grand opera as it was given atfVio Mptrnnolitan and on a scale ofmagnificence heretofore never attempted by a traveling organization.The tour was artistically and financially successful.Season tickets of $7.70 pr thetwo performances are now on sale atthe Lexington College of Music, aswell as single tickets. Mail ordersshould be sent now for either seasontickets" or single tickets.The 1922 grand opera season willbe promoted by Miss Anna ChandlerGoff, who hacL furnished Lexingtonwith the Artist Concert Series.o8:059:0510:0511:0512:051:052:053:054:055:056:05a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.7:05p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.Cash Fare,Commutation6:007:008:009:0010:0011:0012:001:002:00"3:00 j?4:00 p5:006:007:009:1011:00a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.m.p. m.p. m.m.m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.Small Chick FeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROMR. F. COLLIER?60c j Ticket Fare, 54c.52 trip monthly book,i9nn Tickets, sinerle trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all pointa at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)brighter;EVENINGSFive-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on statipn-tqfstation messagesFIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or less.13-USE HOME LONG DISTANCEVParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedViJCivinVPKMeasures Cylindrical Surface.With a new micrometer. Internal cylindrical surfaces can be measured tthe ten-thousandth of an inch.. oTh rounjr lady with a nw" diamond engagement -ring i not muchinterested in gloves.STATE MEETING CLUB FEDERATION, MAY 24".A meeting of the five divisions ofthe department of applied education of the State Federation of Women's Cluhs, has been called by MissAda Mae" Cromwell, chairman, forMay 24 in Hopkinsville during thefederation convention.Miss Cromwell was appointedchaiman of the department to fillthe unexpired term of the lateMrs.HErank l. McVey, of Lexington. Thefive divisions of the department arehome economics thrift, art. libraryextension and education.The annual meeting of the StateFederation will convene in Hopkinsville, May 22-. Miss Cromwell called the meeting at the-request of Mrs.H. G "Reynolds, president of theState Federation. . s. -Just HistoryIn 7tThe CoioniaUDameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In I860 -In Crinoline bright, 'She greeted her gaeitiBy Coal Oil light.And lafrr on,How time doei pasiHer home was lit -Byflickering Gas,But the 'girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a hnttom -Andhas Electrio light.ijTS. hParis Gas & Electric Go.LI' "It 'HIT"II 1mTHE notable qual, ity of our professional efforts is theirdignified character.Qur unfailing politeness is at alf timesfavorably commenteduporj. Our servicesare faithfully performed.SIFfi' ,"7&?s-a-- a- .- '- - 'CV''fKL'i-tj jgr cmiidrea were ot- ;J' .ifeSSF?V 't-5- ?" , $.- st -TO,-, 3"---rCV-.- .-il-"e -"r t- "-U-st" "&.- ,s-'jyjy 24 .w;cg;j& ' -Mi-jQ&&Z&&&-Z-2Z- --1 . 'O- s, -V--2'7g&- ?t - i- TB.." ' -J1 - 3I7ii''- -- . -Sv .aJSS-!." - , . ? -rtfty--- - ": wJ " - "" S - j- -- - - .TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1922.J liJBte" -"tiP1. -Es.sr- j.S.?ar V5 r -r2 - viVS3kNJ . '- Je- Cs-Ji -."" j! .'' . "-. f V V . f "1 J " S J;- - -nsaw-irr - -v - rrrrT7?r? " s- sw s vt -it:-: l-'""! " - - ' " '- -" MM3mi " " T THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS5 KENTfTmrt -ggMM""MM,''""'"""1 " ii ii" tig- ""vKs-.rs-M4-hBT'- - "4'-,7K-7jInT - T0WNESTSI -KL S Vm'V T33-'The Careless Banana Peel, whenTrod on Unpremedltatedly, gives oneSuch a Feeling of Insecurity! Kids,If you Must do your Grazing on ourPublic Streets, have a Care whereyou Throw the Banana's Union Suitand the Orange's Overcoat, or youmay make an Orphan outa. "Yourself IWHAT PARISTOThe Answer Is Found In the Statement of a Paris ResidentWANTSW- - r i iFrom week to week, fromyear toyear, there have been appearing inthese columns statements made byneighbors, which we have all readwith great interest, and. many of uswith great profit. But what we wantto know is, do they stand the greatest test of all the test of time?Here is conclusive evidence on thispoint from a Paris man:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 314 Second Street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengreatly benefited by th'em. When-ever my back has leen weak or lameor my kidneys have acted too frequently, causing me to get" up dur- jing the night, a box of Doan's Kidney Pills whlcb I get at Varden &Son's Drug Store bas always givenfine relief. I certainly tbink Doan'sare a splendid remedy and gladlyrecommended them to anyone."(Statement given Nov. 9, 1916.)On November 12, 1920, Mr. Hellersaid: "I am glad to say the cureDoan's Kidney Pills made for me hasbeen a lasting one. All I said inthe past in favor of them I now confirm ior I think just as highly ofDoan's to-day as I ever did."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the sametbat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y7USERS OF ADDING MACHETESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of tbe best addingmachine rolls and can supply youvith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs & fine linen bond iaper and absolutely lintlees. rTHE BOURBON NEWS,Jud Tunkins.Jud Tonkins says it's a mistake tctell your troubles, because anybody wheenjoys hearing about them can't be areal friend.Tbere are no express elevatorsrunning to heaven and very few automobiles on the road to righteousness. PARIS, KY,Bgan Business Jan. 3, 1916?MCAPITAL ,$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFramk P. Kiier, PrMldat'f. L. Wwthtri, Vict PrtfidintWc P. Mltohell, CuUir,Jm. W. Ycrkw, AwCMfctor.7Af Jr9rT Jjv-iVFARMERS I HBANK-MIWOGCO JDMEEAI SPRINGS,MODERN WONDER WORKERSituated upon a lake of thirtytwo acres in area, and just uponthe crest of a chain of rugged hills,-near Milan, Indiana, "forty-two mileswest of Cincinnati, is Miwogco Mineral Springs, recreative hotel andsanitarium, "rapidly gaining fameas a health builder and an une-quailed pleasure resort.It is 1,000 feet above sea level,surrounded by a large naturalgrove of beech trees, and with a denghtful summer temperature.1 Itsproximity to Cincinnati, Louisvilleand. Indianapolis is such that, -aidedby motor and train facilities, shouldguests be summoned suddenly tohome or business there would be noserious delay. The Springs Hotel isan inviting, thoroughly modern institution of 120 rooms, open all theyear around, offering every day ofthe year all the advantages of themost noted European and Americanspas, with the accessibility of "nextdoor." It has a mineral bath de-"partmen$ unexcelled at a'ny resort,specializing on rheumatism, in various forms. Attractive scenic driveswithin a iadius of a few -miles leadto some of Nature's most charmingspots. . .The environment of MiwogcoSprings is ideal. It is located onthe" Baltimore & Ohio .railroad,, uponthe most elevated point in thattion, and is an ideal place- in whichto rest, relax and recuperate whennervous and depressed by businesscares. Here is offered Nature'sgreatest gifts to. the sick pure air,invigorating and fresh, laden withthe fragrance of forest and field;purifying, stimulating sunshine, undimmed by grime and smoke; quiet,peaceful, satisfying rest, undisturbed by the call of -duty or the demands of society; good wholesomefood, well prepared, subject to thedietetic requirements of your individual case.Recreation is amply provided for.You will find at your disposal a lakeof 32 acres, well-stocked with bass,affording excellent fishing and boating; a golf course (now under construction) ; tennis .courts; horsebackriding; quoits; croquet; hunting;swimming, and the surpassing benefits of the great out-of-doors Nature's best remedy for exhaustion.For those confined indoors, there aremusic, dancing, billiards, pool andgames of various kinds. With thesehealth-giving factors there is a Hydrotherapeutic Department with itsinvigorating and stimulating Mineral Baths administered scientifically, under professional supervision,by skilled attendants.The name Miwogco is a contraction of the Milan Water, Oil & GasCo., which was organized to drill foroil or gas. A 1,470 foot well "wasdriven, and instead of oil or gas thisnow famous mineral water 'was discovered. It was regarded as of novalue, but as time passed its wonderful curative properties becamemanifest and later on it was developed and" the present health building wonder, Miwogco MineralSprings came into existence.About one-fourth mile from theSanitarium is the town of Milan,Ind. It is a small-town, but possessesmetropolitan ambitions and offersguests continuous telegraph service;churches -of all denominations; arailroad station close to the town; adance hall; bowling alleys; movingpicture theatre showing latest attractions; a number of good stores andlodges of practically every affiliation. Those persons -who are recoveringfrom severe and protracted illnessesand who are eager for a quiet homelike place with an agreeable environment will find Miwogco MineralSprings congenial, and the stimulating and invigorating effects ofthe baths will assist greatly in hasten) ngthe return to health. -"If you are in good health, you willenjoy Miwogco Mineral Springs ifyou are in ill health, yon needMiwogco. The function of the Sanitarium is to restore your 'healththrough natural advantages offered.And all may enjoy these benefits, forthe cost is reasonable.Twenty-five Bourbon county jeople have already visited this institution, and all have made returnvisits. Many of them acclaim its attractions and the healing qualities ofthe water far superior to other re-sorts and in the plain parlance ofthe day, "It's back to Miwogco forus."Miwogco has but one purpose, thatof service to assist in bringinghealtb to the sick, strength to theweary, hope to the discouraged.CHANCE POB STATE ICUSICIANSIN FRENCH SCHOOLFive Kentucky musicians will havean opportunity to take a specialcourse of music this summer at theFontainebleau - School of Music,Paris, France, as Governor Morrowhas received a letter from the American representative of the schoolasking him to name five Kentuckiansfor free scholarships. Last summerrepresentatives from practicallyevery State in the union studied atthis school, on free scholarships, therepresentatives " having -been appointed .by-the Tovermors of -therepective. States. Ketuoky-had fiverpreeentatiyesat - tke -c6ol, oeot -wham, ups from Lexiajftoa-a4oieEromr Jraakf ort.T yr,'PERSONALSMrs. Mary Rains and Mrs. .-J.K. Rains and son, Richard, have returned from a visit to relatives inHinton, Ky.Mrs. Ada Ely, Mr. and Mrs. JoeJames and Mrs. Stanley Bagby wereguests Sunday of Mrs. Marta Ely, at-Paint Lick, Ky. fW. W. Burley has returnedfrom a winter's stay in Florida, andis a guest of his son, A. L. Burley,on Eighth street.Mrs. I.E. Terrill, of Charleston, West Va., is a guest of her son,H. X.. Terrill, at the corner of Seventh and Walker avenue.Miss Fannie Heller will leavetoday for New York-City, "to represent the "Kentucky University at aconference of Y. W. C. A. members.Mrs. Harriet Minaker. andMisses Sarah Meglone and JessieRose, of Paris, were recent guestsof friends and relatives in Lexington. Mrs.- Philip Ray Farrington, ofPhiladelphia, formerly Miss TatsyClark, of Paris, is -visiting her mother, Mrs. Walter Clark, on Fifteenthstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Dan Mahjane'y andfamily have moved to the residenceon Winchester street, which they recently purchased from Mrs. LizzieBrown.Mr. and Mrs. H. Clay Weathers,of Covington, , are guests' at thesec-4home of Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Weathers and other relatives near Clintonville. Mrs. C. T. Vest and son, Julian,and Miss .Hazel Martin have returned to-their home in Berry, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. CoyleLatham, in Paris.Mrs. Wilson Wilder has movedto New York, where her husband isengaged in business. The apartments in the Saloshin flat, at thecorner of Main and Seventh streets,vacated by Mr. and Mrs. Wilder,have been leased by County GameWarden A. W. Bullock and family,who have moved in.-JVliss Anita Crommerlin and Mr.Gerard Crommerlin gave a 'lovelydinner party Thursday evening attheir home on the Xalapa estate.Alw.ays charming hosts their delightful hospitality was no exception and this happy occasion wasenjoyed by the following: MissKate Alexander, Mr. Charlton Clay,Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Buckner, .Mr.Shelby Harbeson, (Lexington), andMr. Francis Douglas, (Danville.)(Other Personals nn Page 5)HOW SOME "FOOL LAWS"REGARDEDAEE."Be it enacted by the City Council of Some City that it shall bereafter be a misdemeanor, punishableby fine and imprisonment, for anyman, woman or child to have afever."" If any city council did pass suchan ordinance, the country wouldlaugh. Forbidding symptoms andleaving the cause untouched wouldbe considered foolish to the point ofinsanity.Yet what shall be said of the action of a Southern city councilwhich has passed an ordinance barring "jazz" from the stage, publicdances, and perhaps from all homes?If reports can be believed, the authorities are now somewhat puzzledto know where . ordinary musicleaves off and jazz begins. Is jazzcaused by cymbals and drums?Wagnerian music would come underthe ban. Is it caused by piccolonotes, high and shrill? Church organs would be heavy offenders! Isit jazz when a "saxophone moans?Never a band in the country thathasn't a saxophone choir among itsinstrumentation !However, what is and what is notjazz may be determined by someukase; the question is not so muchwhat is decided to be jazz and therefore prohibited, but why prohibit thesymptom and leave the cause untouched? This particular instance will probably afford more amusement thananything else, arid the chorus of funpoked at this city council by thedaily press is already swelling. Butconsidered as a symptom, such action may well cause serious thought;America is founded on law, order,and respect for government, on freedom of thought, religion and actionso long as we interfere not with ourneighbor's rights.Passage of ridiculous (and not en-Iforceable) law tends to "make all lawridiculous; Make contempt for lawuniversal, and the United Statesmust become as Rome was and Russia is.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour- own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in, almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind. .One hears less of 'Salome" thaa afew-years ago, but fashion is 'stilledging toward ' her comfortable costume.r I- busttifrtMis,,-,- ormatrl-slmomrT xttcjLVyotfr ; safety -;i ,MIXING I1T WITH EUEOPEHe must be. unobgerying indeedwho does not notice these days anincreasing number of signs of thecoming spring. This season ot theyear is responsible for many otherthings besides turning the youngman's fancy to thoughts of love.Many of the activities to whichspring gives rise are of a practicaliiature,- more agreeable to look, backto after' tbey have been completed,than to anticipate. "Spring housecleaning and putting to order whatconfusion the basement and backyard have acquired during the winter months, are after all arduousUasks rather than delightful adventures.But the call of the open road- so"easily heard with approaching springis to-day as poetic as ever, and maybe satisfied in even more ways -thanit was formerly. Whether the callcomes from the long screech of atrain whistle in the stillness ofnight, or 'from the sight of a boatsteaming grandly up or - down theliver; whether it comes from thelazily drifting clouds or from nothing in particular, it is as irresistibleto-day -as it ever was.And. so it happens that boat-loads Jof people from America are nowsetting sail for Europe. Day by daythe passenger lists of trans-Atlanticliners grow. Presently thousands ofAmerican tourists will rush fromcity to city on the continent determined not t6 miss a single point "'ofinterestr With the coming of warmer days more and more sightseers-will follow the more intrepid oneswho can not resist even, the firstgaipt calls of the oTpen road.In the face ot a good deal of talkurging us to beware of foreign entanglements these hundreds of thousands of people go abroadto deliverthere the message of America, asthey will bring back with them themessage of Europe. Quite unconsciously they will bring closer together the nations of the earth.When they return there will bemore of us who understand Europe,just as from their sojourn abroadthere will be more Europeans whounderstand America,It is difficult to isolate nationswhen there are so many steamboatsand railroads, and when the urge totravel is so insistent.oAEBOE DAY AND BIRD DAYMAY 4Arbor and Bird Day in Kentuckythis year will be made a day in whichto honor Audubon, .the lover of birdand animal- life, whose work didmuch for the present day movementfor conservation of the bird life ofthe country. Governor Morrow in aproclamation issued has set asideMay 4, as the day to be observedthis year by planting of trees andtaking steps to see to it that birdshave proper places to live and raisetheir young.raranrrrw"BEtfPSBrlBIfcfcwuScwdiffTfcrqrRI Regularly I :W -1Money Earners:It is not the money you earn but the money you "SAVE which really-counts.Have a SYSTEM of saving and deposit a part of yourearning every time you get paid. -This is the sure way to get ahead and some day havibusiness of YOUR OWN.We will welcome your account.peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyIi?Shoes RepairedWhile You WaitQuick srvice; thorough workmanship; best materialsused;first class workmen; modern machinery meansatisfied customers. We repair shoes while you waitno delay.CLYDE TYREENext Door to Obcrdorftr's Drue Store(tf)ADDING HACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abiff stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ubhave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.MIRROLACBring Back YoureeHoneymoon Homef MULTITUDE of unappreciGtf afed things in your home, thatonce were lovely, are still underneaththeir scratched, worn surfaces, asbeautiful and useful as ever.All they need to make them newagain is the lustrous glow, the gleaming sparkle, and the rich color thatis1 in, every can of Devoe Mirrolac.Mirrolac comes in all wood tones andin many artistic, effective enamel colors. Easilyapplied. Extremely durable.Devoe Products are time-tested andproven,backedby the leSyears'experience of the oldest paint manufacturingconcern in the U.S. Founded 1754.. The J. T. Hinton Co(a'-.-j.-ihT- j-r l flL BBS . "I " IK!-CAHAL BROS.BABBES SHOP4 WHITE "PftPBTIg rModern f vfrniftt.Expert and Palita ScrrietHOT AHB COLD BATHJyy '. -XBMBMPtlfy. rir c-r-- 5"?". - i-, -v '--,--; " - - t&p xi-W--&. ,-fhm (1KMJli-V .. 1MP '.,feg?irf"TBiiWLiiM i ill i i il ii tmnmtmMiiirjgSlISss?0fc?J.A-,-:':- VS.i "r,R -5?-." .-Vr-zPAGE FOURTHE JBOIJRBON NEWS;. PARIS,- KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 2, 12JK-t -f!4vIPMATRIMONIALJL Jteoord of Dan Cupid's Doings A. The Days Go ByFERGUSON ROGERS"Glen Iris," the ancestral home, of llr. and Mrs. John Stuart Roberts, was the scene of one of theloreliesr weddings of the season,when, on Saturday evening at eightthirty o'clock, the only daughter of-the house, Miss Margaret WallerFerguson, became the bride of Mr.Harvey Allen Rogers, thus unitingtwo of the oldest' and most prominent families of Bourbon county."Glen Iris" has come down formany generations of the maternalancestors jof the bride's father, thelate Rebert H. Ferguson, and manybrides have graced its gracioushalls, but none more lovely than thebride of Saturday evening.There 'is no moment in the year'when. Nature seems more radiantlyat her best than when the tulipsand iris rise in slender, gracefulstems to attest their vast variety ofbeauty and form, and to give colorand fragrance unexcelled at anyother season."Glen Iris" was aglow with thesewonderful blossoms, and added toto these there were hundreds ofgorgeous Columbia roses. Statelypalms and ferns adorned the hallwayand sun parlor, with Southernsmilax entwined pver doorways,windows, mantels and staircase.The drawing room was the scenefor the ceremony. A bank of palmsand ferns, interspersed with cathedral candles, with tall Easter lilliesover which was a graceful canopy ofsmilax formed an appropriate setting for the wedding party. Priorto the ceremony Mrs. Edward F.Prichard sang sweetly "The WeddingSong,"" by Mary Rosa, accompaniedby Miss Elizabeth Crutcher on thepiano and Mr. Bryan Doty with theviolin. Miss Crutcher and Mr.Doty also played "To A WildHose," and "At Dawning." During the ceremony thewedding inarch from Lohengrin wasrendered. 'The entrance of Rev. W. S. Cain,and Bishop Lewis W. Burton heralded the coming of the bridal party. Thetwo ministers stood immediately infront of the improvised altar. Thegroom's attedants came next, Mr.Allen Tngels and Mr. Julian Allen,cousins of the groom. Mrs. Wm.A. Clarke, of Cincinnati, matron ofhonor, came next, alone. She wasnever lovelier as a bride than on thisoccasion. She wore a pink Georgetteevening gown over pink crepe dechine, beautifully fashioned, withtrimmings of rosebuds of the samematerial. The narrow panel train,hung from the shoulders, was trimmed-Atthe hem with a row of thesame rosebudSA Her lovely gownonly- enhanced her striking brunettebeauty. She carried an arm bouquetof Columbia roses.Mrs. Charles Miles McKinlay, ofNew York, also a cousin of thebride, wore a gown of the samelovely material. She carried an armbouquet of Columbia roses. MissMary Hall Anderson, of Georgetown,a cousin of the bride, was maid ofhonor. She was lovely in a gown ofpink taffeta. She also carried anarm bouquet of Columbia roses.The bride came last, on the arm ofher brother, Mr. Hugh Ferguson, whogave her in marriage. They weremet at the altar by the groom andhis best man, his brother, Mr. JulianRogers. The ceremony was said byBishop Burton, assisted by Rev. W.S. Cain, rector of St. Peter's Episcopal church, of Paris, and was very"beautiful and impressive, the bridewhiteand groom kneeling on white satincushion lor -the benediction.The bride's gown was ofsatin, made on straight lines, with abouffant effect on the hips. Thecourt train was without ornament,and hung straight Irom the. roundneck bodice. The -veil was drapedfrom the back in a Spanish combeffect j)f rose j)oint lace, and caught"with a bandeau of orange blossoms.She carried a shower bouquet ofbride's roses and valley lillies. Shewas a vision of lovliness in herbridal robe.A delicious two-course supper wasserved to about two hundred guests.The wedding presents were veryhandsome, and numbered severalhundred. They were displayed ontables in the upper ftall.The bride's table was covered withan exquisitely embroidered Philipino cloth. The centerpiece was ofTalbott on winning the heart and fhand of so winsome and charminga woman.Mr. Talbott is one of the ablestmembers of the local bar, being senior member of the law firm of Tal- ibott & Whitley, and of the firm ofFranklin, Talbott & Chapman, of'Paris and Lexington. His legal talents, coupled with a brilliant intellect and social qualities, have madehim one of the foremost attorneys ofthe State.THE NEWS, in common with ahost of warm friends, extends heartiest congratulations to Mr. and Mrs.Talbott.Columbia roses, with silver candle-1 j G Metcalfe, ofsticks holding pink candles, iarnd Morristown, N. J., isilver comports of nuts, with candied baskets of confections.Mr. and Mrs. Roberts and Mr.and Mrs. Rogers received the guestsin the east drawing room. Mrs.Roberts wore a lovely gown of blueand silver, and Mrs. Rogers woreblack lace over black satin.The out-of-town guests were:Mrs. E. H. Dorian, Memphis, Tenn.;Miss Letitia Magoffin, St. Paul, Minn.Miss Lillie Boulden, Detroit, Mich.;Mr. and Mrs. William Clarke, Cincinnati; Dr. and Mrs. Charles MjtesMcKinlay, New York City; Mr..K. Nunnelley, Mrs. Lou Rogers,Mrs. Earl Ferguson, Miss Lida EarlFerguson, Mrs. Henry Clay Herndon,Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hall Ferguson,Mr. and Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Dedman Prewitt, Mr. and Mrs. RobertH. Anderson, Miss Mary Hall Anderson, Mrs. A. L. Ferguson, Mrs. SueAnderson Kelley, Mrs. John B.Graves, Miss Eleanor Offutt, Georgetown; Mr. and Mrs. Robert: Ferguson, Newport; Mrs. Norman L. Hill,Cincinnati; Mr. and Mrs. Frank Rogers, Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Wainscott,Winchester: Mrs. W. C. Ferguson,Lagrange; Mrs.-C. B. Smith, Mr. andMrs. Sanford Allen, Miss ElizabethBush Alien, Mr. and Mrs. W. D. McIntyre, -Mr. and Mrs. Julian Allen,Millersburg; Mr. and Mrs. BryanMcMurtry, Cynthiana; Miss SusanWtrodf, Stanford; Bishop Lewis W.Burton, Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Ingels,Mr. Allen Ingels, Mrs Jere Tarlton,Miss Fannie Summers Tarlton, Lexington. The bride has inherited all thenatural graces and loveliness of along line of beautiful women, towhich is added that indefinablequality of charm that makes theBourbon county girl the peer of anyin the world. Mr. Rogers is an energetic young man of ability and integrity, a member of one of thefirst families of the county.LUSBY TALBOTTA telegram from Washington toMrs. H. S. Towler, of Scott avenue,told of the marriage in that city,Saturday, of Miss Clementine Lusby,formerly of Paris, and Mr. Robert C.Talbott, of Paris. Mr. and MrsT Talbott will come to Paris to reside thelatter part of this week.The bride came to Paris severalyears ago to make her home, and resided here until the opening of theworld war, when she engaged inRed Cross work, and was assigned toduty in one of the reconstructionhospitals in the East. After theclose of the war she was transferred to Washington, where she hadbeen in, charge of one of the Government's big institutions for disabled soldiers, and where she proveda veritable angel of mercy. Possessed of a gracious and charming manner and a most engaging personality, she made a host of friends here,who are a unit in congratulating Mr.KEYES METCALFEThe marriage of Miss AdelaideKeyes, daughter ,of Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Anderson Keys, of v375 ParkAvenue, New York, and Geo. ThomasMetcalfe, son of thelate Mr. andLouisville,and brotherof James G. Metcalfe of Paris, tookplace Saturday afternoon in theChurch of the Heavenly Rest, cm Upper Fifth Avenue, in New York.Owing to the recent death of thebridegroom's mother, the receptionat Sherry's after the church ceremony was small, only relatives andintimate friends being invited. MissVirginia. Keys was her sister's maidof honor, and the othr attendantswere Mrs. William Anderson Keys,Jr., Mrs. Clarence R. Hayes, of Cleveland, Mrs. Geo. W. McClelland, ofOverbrook, Penn., and Mrs. ThomasR. Shepard, of South Orange, N. J.John F. Metcalfe was best man forhis brother, and the ushers wereWilliams Anderson Keyes, Jr. brother of thebride; Simpson Lynch andCharles B. Marr, of New York,Robert H. Sayre, of Baltimore, Arthur C. Ketchman, of Buffalo, N. Y.,and Thomas R. Shephard, of SouthOrange, N. J.ON TALKING IT OVERjTf atV" JSC;Twelve Months To Payfor Delco-Light -' You can now buy Delco-Light for a smallinitial payment and the balance in easy installznents. This means that you can begin to enjoy nowthe comforts, conveniences and savings of electric light and power in your home.Ample electric light for all parts of the houseand barns smooth, quiet electric power to dothe pumping, milking, washing, sweeping andmany other tasks these are the things thatDelco-Light gives-to your home.Dependable Delco-Lightis made in 25 styles andsizes & size for every,needt All models have' the famous four-cycle, aircooled, valve-in-head engine; only one place tooil. Over 140,000 satisfied users.Easy payments if desired.Write for catalog.maIffDEPENDABLEJohn Merringer616 Mala St., Parte, KyrIBIILloyd George is reported to havesaid in the British House of Commons recently:"Perhaps I may have the privilegeof a dying minister to give my lastword of advice. I do not know whowill succeed me, hut I would like toutter a word of kindly warning.Whoever succeeds us will surelyfind it impossible in the present istate of Europe to go on withoutconferences. The world Is so battered, bruised and crushed that the curewill be a slow one and will needmany consultations of its leadingphysicians."This bit of advice doesN not findapplication merely in the difficultieswhich arise between nations. Justnow, of course, it is natural thatEngland's prime minister should address his admonition chiefly to thosein Europe and elsewhere, who fail tosee the advantage to be gained bythe various national " groups fromconferences in which the issues atstake shall be discussed thoroughly.But surely even within the nation,particularly here in America, thereis ample reason to take this adviceto heart. It is only in defiance ofthe truth that either of the opposingparties to a conflict such as is nowbeing witnessed m the coal industry,can say that there is nothing to arbitrate or discuss.Any group of individuals? whether miners or operators, which adoptsthis attitude is clearly in a positionto Jose the very support which itasks of the public. From an outbreak of this kind the public hastoo much to lose to make it subscribeeasily to the doctrine that ih thecases of an industrial disturbancethere is nothing to adjust througha conference of conflicting parties.Indeed, what is more likely tohappen is that the party unwillingto arbitrate draws on itself the suspicion that its case is not a strongone. And the more the public suffers from the cessation of workwhich follows unwillingness to arbitrate, the more it finds itself justified in this belief. It is only the individual who hasn't a good case whoTPill refuse to state itwhen an opportunity. , . i jThe obvious course to take, whether it is between nations or betweenconflicting industrial groups withinthe nation, is to follow 'LloydGeorge's advice and get'together fora conference. The party which refuses to do so" may in the end haveto pay dearly for its refusal.BENEDETTI & COiS03 MAIN STREETNew Confectionery""v Now OpensrNJf' -v-v.r:i-av-;!vi-.1rFresh Stock of CandiesFruits, Cigars, Tobaccos,Cigarettes, Etc.vIce Cream Delivered Anywhere in theCity, Any Day,' Any Quantity, On TimeBENEDETTI & CO503 MAIN STREETPSilk Shirts$5.00to$7.50l - -, NeckwearIX J' - 50cCopyright, 1922, A. B. Klrachbaum Company$300,000IN TAXESSTATELOST TOEstimating that the State is losing $300,000 annually In gasolinetaxes, Rainey T. Wells, chairmanof the State Tax Commission, notified wholesale gasoline dealers thatunless a proper check Is "kept on thegasoline tax the commission, in thefuture, will look to the retailers forthe licenso tax.When the legislature passed thelaw imposing ajone cent tax oneach gallon of gasoline sold in Kentucky the wholesale gasoline dealersagreed to pay the tax, in order todo away with a great deal of bookkeeping which the law would makenecessary.Several of the large wholesalers,among them the Standard Oil Company, have complied with the law,wholesalers are not keeping a proper check on the amount of' gasolinesold to retailers: -i. - ,,jYou Will Always Feel Comfortable in Walsh's Clothes4Because they are made by leading coneefm in the country and because,,they are tailored and styled in fashion's latest, fn attractive, durable all woolfabrics.This is a season of snappy sport models and we have prepared for bigbusiness in selecting the models the young men will appreciate. These sportmodels are handsomely tailored in all the new fabrics, herring-bones, tweeds andcashmeres, in stripes and fancy patterns, greys, tans, and dark colorings areshown in abundance. . .iEVERY SUIT A WALSH VALUE$18.00 to $55.00R. P, WALSHj7th and Main Ona-Prica Stora .. Paris,Nmnmom-aiK;Home PHOire Cumfe Phonfca It -will be disappolmted. Jlst liketssm . ..-..-- .A ,- .A - - C"--V r .mi-.j.MBa- - 3-V -afcifr m ai'J-T'TT'aBM'IflrTT'TJEXTiT JftfcSi -. -il! Mtiii ii .,. .., ,, . ... .i , i .,Itevf"Tgr- s ''" a'3t-- v, ". !fti ' -:s-1 .-,4-s.'JXr -TUESDAY, MAY 2,. 1922.THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS,, KENTUCKPAGE FIVEI.Isw i jf"GIFTS THAT LAST?'5"!5SBEEEIES EVERY DAYFresh berries received every day.CP. COOK & CO.oDON'T TAILG&TJEN REPRESENTATIVE ATOUR STORE WEDNESDAY. SEETHIS WONDERFUL LINE.A. J WINTERS & CO.oNEWS OF THE COURTSIn the County Court, Judge Geo.' Batterton appointed Ed. M. Ingels,of Paris, as administrator of the estate of William T. Ingels, deceased.Mr. Ingels accepted and qualified "forthe trust by furnishing bona in thegpm of $6,000, with G. W. Judy assurety,s 0I ' , BITTEN BY CANINEWhile endeavoring to separate twobig dogs engaged in settling somepersonal difficulties on his farm nearParis, Thomas W. Allen, farmer,"was bitten through the right handby one of the animals. The woundan exceedingly painful one, wascauterized. Mr. Allen is recoveringand will probably experience no serious results from the wound.rf " ttr-ATTENTION, LADIESWe have just received a completeshipment of Phoenix -Full Fashionedhosiery for women. Colors, black,white, brown, tan, grey and nude.Price $2.10 per pair.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.E0URB0N LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)oBOURBON GUN CLUB SHOOTv WEDNESDAYThrough their local manager, Mr.E. W. Glass, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company will give 1,000 of-their Fatima cigarettes as a trophy at the jnext-shoot, which will beheld at the new club grounds inEast Paris on May 3. This trophy isworth shooting for.The management had completedlast- week a pair of stiles over therock fence, also aboard walk acrossthe little branch, screenings andsand spread on shooting stands, andin front ,of the club house, all ofwhich makes the grounds second tonone in the State. Plenty of seatsand ice water for shooters and visitors, who are always welcome.oT. DEMONSTRATIONPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDon't. -17 PACKAGES OF RINS0 SOAPDURING DEMONSTRATION.THE LEADER.CERTO! CERTO!Everybody wants to know aboutCerto. If you don't know, come toour demonstration to-day. 'Don'tbuy it you don't want to, but you'llwant to know.F. C. P. COOK & CO.'Z&8. schedule changes" Several changes in the runningtime of passenger trains on this division of the Louisville & Nashvillebecame effective Sunday. The Cin:chinati Jacksonville train No. 33, isnow due to arrive here at 10:10 a.m., departing at i0U a. in. TrainsNos, 37 and 38 are now known asNos; 35 and 36. Train, No. 13,formerly to Lexington, is now duejtfi leave PaHs at 10:18 a. m. TrainWi. -12. formerly leaving Lexingtonat 10:00-a. m., now leaves at 9:20 Ja. m. and arrives at Paris at 10 'Ha. m. Trains Nos. 97 anl 93 between Cincinnati &n"a -Jacksonvilleare discontinue'd on -account of theFlorida travel being about over.m.n: hctn 9$. Tinrthhmmd. fromJacksonville, Fla., to Cincinnati,scow arffves in Paris at 6:50 p. m.: o zBACK IN THE NEWSPAPER GAME.Like many others who have triedthe' newspaper game, Mr. J. M. Alv Arson, of Paris, found it a hardmatter to stay out of it Mr. Alverson, after a long period of activityin other" pursuits, has purchased the,Harlan Enterprise, one of the leadingEastern Kentucky papers, publishedat Harlan, and assumed charge yesterday. Mr. Alverson has been in thenewspaper business almost thirtyyears, having been -connected withpapers in Stanford, Richmond, Lawwnnohiir? and Georgetown. Sometime ago he bought the old Hibler.farm on the Jackstown pike, nearParis, and had since been engagedim farming. Recently he sold the2laoe -to Jamas W. Thompson, whonr ocnpie it.Mr..Mlvros family- yill rwaai4fa? iW WiMtt. 114 31AMrs. Wm. C. Potts, of LillestonAvenue, is visiting Miss Carrie Rose,in Huntington, West Virginia.Mrs. L. B. Purnell will leave today for a visit to her sister, Mrs.Lee Barbour, and . family, at St.Matthews, Ky.James Shannon, of Louisville,former Parisian, ''is a guest- of hissister, Mrs. P? Nippert, Sr., at herhome on Fifth street. 'Miss Allene Sauer entertainedate her home on Mt. Airy averiuewith a dance in honor of her guest,Miss Katherine Adams, of Cincincinnati. About twenty-five guestswere present.Mrs. F. S. Elder, of Lillestonavenue, is a patient at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,where she underwent an operationFriday morning.Dr. Charles Miles McKinlay arrived Saturday to be a -guest of Mr.and Mrs. Volney W. Ferguson. Mrs.McKinlay has been the guest of herparents for several weeks.Mr. "William A. Clarke returnedyesterday to his home in Cincinnati.Mr. Clarke was the guest of Mr. andMrs. Henry T. Judy for the Ferguson-Rogers wedding Saturday. Mrs.Clarke will remain for a few dayslonger the guest of Mr. and Mrs.Judy.F. B. Mallory, bookkeeper forthe Burley Tobacco Association, inParis, who was seriously injured inan auto accident near this citysome weeks ago, is improving rapidly at his home in Lawrenceburg,Va., where he was removed from theMassie Memorial Hospital.Mrs. J. T. Collins and familyhave moved to their country homenear North Middletown. Mrs. Collins recently disposed of her homeat the corner of Broadway and Highstreets, to the Soldiers' MemorialCommittee, to be used as a Community House.Mr. Charlton Clay entertainedat his country home, "Marchmont,"near Paris, the following guests forthe Lexington races: Mr. and Mrs.Julius Walsh "and Mrs. Cora SouthBrown O'Fallon, of St. Louis,Mo., and a party of Louisvillefriends.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, of Paris,will attend the meeting of the StateBoard of War Mothers, to be held attwo o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon, on the parlor floor of the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington. Mrs. J. F.Knowlen of Winchester, will preside. The departments of the Bourbon County Woman's Clubs have selected the following chairmen toserve during the coming year;Music Mrs. Edward F. Prichard;Art Mrs. Duncan Bell; CommunityService Mrs. Frank P. Kiser; Literature to be supplied; ProgramCommittee Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.,Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., Mrs.J. T. Vansant.The socially select of the Bluegrass are responding to the call of"the sport of kings," and are occupying boxes at the track. Charlton Clay, of Parish was in the boxSaturday- with Edward G. Stoll, secretary of the Kentucky Jockey Club,and in another box were Mr. andMrs. James G. Metcalfe, of Paris,with Mr. and Mrs. John Gourlay,Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Yantis, Mrs. F.O. Young, and Mr. and Mrs. HarryWood.A brilliant assembly marked theopening of the Lexington CountyClub season Saturday night withdinner and dance that set in motionthe wheel of social events for themembers of the social groups of theBluegrass. The rooms were lavishlydecorated with spring blossoms, anda six piece orchestra furnished music for dancing throughout theevening. Mr. and Mrs. James Metcalfe, of Paris, entertained at dinner for Mr. and Mrs. John Goiiriay,Mr. and Mrs. Rodes Afrispirger, Mr.and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedeman.HOME TELEPHONE NOTESC. N. Best, Traveling Auditor ofthe Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company, of Louisville,'who has been at Paris for severaldays, auditing the books of theParis office, 'will go from here toCynthiana for the same purpose.W. M. Paine, traffic -Superintendentof Louisviile, and,. JoX Veatch,District Superintendent of Paris, havereturned from Carlisle and Maysville, Mr. Paine returning to Louisville. W. O. Cruse, District Cableman,has returned from Maysville.Mrs. Roxie Galbraith succeedsMrs. Lucy Plummer as operator andcollector at Clintonville exchange.Mrs. Galbraith . will be assisted byher sister, Miss Grace Snapp.Mrs. M. Merrimee, of the Shawhan Exchange, is spending a weekwith her daughter at New Richmond, Ohio.Mrs. M. J. Slicer, of the Paris operating department, will leave soonfor Chicago, where Mr. Slicer is engaged in the shoe- business. Mrs.Slicer is one of our best employeesand carries with her the very bestwishes from a host of friends.When the Ingels building recently burnt at Millersburg, our nightoperator, Mrs. Cletis Evans, remained at her switchboard all during thefire, even though the heat and flamesfrom the burining building brokethe large plate glass of the building the exchange is in. The ownerf the building was notified of thefire by our telephone, while ourAssistant Manager, Mr. Cletis Evans,went in person to the burning building and woke up Mr. McMahan andhis family who lived on the secondfloor, and lost all of his householdeffects, and if it had not been forthe timely warning of -Mr. Evans,some lives might have been lost.The new Directory for BourbonCounty Home subscribers is now onthe press and will be ready to distribute within a few weeks.DEMONSTRATIONDEMONSTRATION OFSOAP GRANULES ALL -WEEKAT THE LEADER.HIGH SCHOOL NOTESRINS0TEESThe Latin Club of the HighSchool will hold a carnival in theschool building, at eighty o'clock, onFriday night, May 8. . This will beone of the pleasurable events of theschool. 'The track and field events whichare to be contested for on the ParisHigh School athletic field, on Friday,. .May 19., are filling with entriesfrom many of the Central Kentuckyschools. The contests are as follows:Track Events 100-yard dash;1 mile run; 4 mile ruff; 220-yardrun; mile run; 120-yard hurdle; 220-yard hurdle; one mile relay. Field Events 12-lb. shot put;high jump; broad jump; discus; polevalt; javeline throw.A silver loving cup will be awarded to the winning school, and suitable awards will be given individual winners. The P. H. S. will beassisted in the meet by the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A.(Otaer" Personals on Page 3)BEST AUTO INSURANCEINSURE YOUR AUTOMOBILEAGAINST PIRE. THEFT, PUBLICLIABILITY, PROPERTY DAMAGEAND COLLISION.(apr25 4t-T) A. J. FEE, Agent.MUSIC MEMORY CONTEST PROGRAM MAY 6.BENEDITTI CO. HAS BRILLIANTOPENING.The formal opening of the newconfectionery of Bendetti & Co., inthe Nippert Block, Saturday, drewa large crowd, who were surprisedat the scene of beauty presented inthe new enterprise. All day longstreams of callers inspected .thehandsome appointments, and partook of the delicacies. Souvenirs ofbeautiful flowers were presentedthe ladies, and an orchestra discoursed sweet music during the dayand evening. The new Triage iscomplete in all its appointments.. O !MAY COURT DAYMoment Musicale Schubert.Berceuse from Jocelyn Godard.Melody in F Rubenstein.-Liebestraum No. 3 Listz.Great interest was manifestedin the exercises held at the Y. M.C. A. Friday night, when the firstCommunity Memory Contest washeld. In addition to the program, anumber of interesting games were,played, 'Owing to other things at the HighSchool conflicting, the contests willnot be given again until Fridayevening, May 12. It had been theoriginal intention to hold one eachweek. ' i .. w-WE KNOW THE WARIS OVERWhich means that we are supplying many men andboys with Suits, Shoes, Shirts, Hats, Caps and Work .Clothing at lowest prices.Biggest Stock ofWORKCLOTHINGyou ever saw is here.Our busy department.kMen's Suits$12.50 to $30.00Hats$2.45 to $5.00See our Hat Special this weekat $2.45Underwear75c to $1.50 SuitShirts95c to $5.00The Thrifty buy from us and Save the Difference.-LEWIS WOLLSTEINtwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBetter Values in Men'sand Boys' WearMondell indignantly denies he hassplit with Harding, so it must bevice versa.r "Hj'J : ' ' .- .;feWE ARE SHOWINGFOR SALEExtra good Duroc boaVs, 175 to200 lbs. weight. Pork prices iftaken soon. Also some No. 1 baledhay.A. P. ADAIR & SON,Paris R. P. D. No., 6,Home Phone Shawhan Ex., No.23-3 rings. (2-tf)LIVING ROOM SUITESIn many designs at most reasonable prices.Let-us serve you.One of the slowest court days ofthe season was yesterday- Farmerswere busy with their farm work,and would not leave it. There wasvery little stock of any" kind on themarkets, and those that were soldbrought only fair prices. Merchantsreport trade only fair, and collections about the same Business onthe public square was practicallyoverby two o'clock, with a fewstragglers left rer. - ";FOR SALEA Monitor Coal Range in goodcondition, and seventy-five yards ofmatting. Owner is goings to move.Call THE NEWS office.(may2-tf)WOOL WANTEDHIGHEST CASH PSICE PAHLEJTTY OF SACKS AJTO TWXZATMCUEB.:BAlJr. -,-. caywood Mocxnrrocx. "f Tiljou 1i.TJtyfiteT on the braiii. itfeMK't Mttr. winter-it i-toiiaHave You Heard the NewCOLUMBIA RECORDHIT?Buy it now. Columbia Graf onolas are the best Talking Machines.There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machine.THE J. T. HINTOK CO.EITHERPHONC 3 PAKI, kentucrt maihmdimihlotor Hws Motor InvalMI .r MJtl" -"-- U----&-C--iifr tT'fZ,hjiI-trtr-5?!U -lfcfeMT-' " -1 " '"'uifl.Hi'.' Jin. JfkJL.-4-mhMi 1 1 rmtjftfift.-" -4T-V -'4-?"r-s.r5??sjft.J-- -,'--I-&&&$g$k-O--"-.j.VPAGE SIXTHE BOUKBON NBWS,"?AR1S, KENTUCKY-r-;--i -- - TOTSDAT, MAT J, 1M. 't .s tSjt&? .rli ?E.-e.fc".IS1 IS-'I -i:i- - .-'i :f "1- ,rfc'jv.-- .u.ysJE2f "s-t d!;3-"-Vr& H150,000.00 KENTUCKY DERBYtWill Be Run at Churchill Downs, Louisrille,Saturday,jMomch, tke Champion of Last Season, and a Large Field of Otae?High Class Three Year Olds,For the Greatestj The forty-eight renewal of the Ken--tackyDerby, which will be run aturchill Downs, iouisville, Saturday,-May 13th, promises to be the most interesting in the long history of thisfamous race. This year the KentuckyJockey Club lias added $50,000, and a$7,000 gold service to the winner, making it in point of value the richest, asit always has been the most soughtafter three-year-old stake in America."There clusters around the Derby allithe -memories and the romance that-make the turf so alluring and that en.lanrines Churchill Downs in the heartsf half a century of race lovers.Beginning with Aristides, the firstwinner, and continuing through an immortal roster of thoroughbred Kings,public interest in the Derby has increased every year until to-day thenames of the contenders are household words, and their respective merits are subject of arguments thatwill not cease until the number ofthe winner is hung out on May 13th.Theoutstanding favorite this year isBenjamin Block's Morvich, which finished his two-year-old career by winning every race in which te started,heating all his competitors wj.th anease that marks him as a colt of surpassing speed and quality, approaching,.if he does not equal, Man o' War.JMorvich is training at the Jamaicarace track, New York, where his trialsare phenomenal. He will probablystart in the opening handicap at Jamaica and will be shipped immediatelythereafter to Churchill Downs wherehe will receive his final workout forthe Derby.The prowess of Morvich has notdiscouraged the owners of other Derby candidates and there will be a fieldof from twelve to fifteen horses tocontest with the champion for the $50,000 stake and its accompanying $7,000fold 'souvenir. Among the number areHarry Payne Whitney's Olympus, a.racent winner at Havre de GraceToverlLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGThe Beautiful Month-rXr -r.-":zi.i3'3I t--.1';Calls for wearing apparel for men, women -"and children in keeping with the season.You will be surprised to learn how far a little money will gotowards the purchase of clothes that you will be proud to wear.Our policy has always been to supply the best at the very loweft possible prices.:1Our May-day displays are most interesting. Six floors (onehundred and twenty thousand square feet) devoted to dependable merchandise, . wm- .The Boys and Girls store appeals to parents who really care.May we have the pleasure of a visit from you when you nextcome to our city?Rett rooms, check rooms for hand baggage, writing and" reading rooms asplendid moderately priced restaurant, and a hearty welcome, awaits you.MMay 13thWill Be Among tke StartersStake in Americaolder handicap horses, and at least oneother high-class colt from the samestable ; Montfort Jones' Surf Bider, thewinner of six races last year, andRockminlster, a promising Friar Rock-colt; John Finn, whose work at Lexington makes him a dangreous . contender; the great filly Startle, whichmight repeat the victory of Regret, theonly filly to win the Derby ; Washingtonfrom the same stable is also showingimproved form this Spring ; E. R. Bradley has By Golly, Busy American ,andBet Mosiej and he makes no secret ofthe claim that he expects to run onetwo in this year's Derby as he didlast year with Behave Yourself andBlack Servant; J. S. Cosden who already has one Derby winner to hiscredit in Paul Jones, believes he hasan excellent chance to win with GoodTimes; Rial Sang, who ran second toMorvich several times last year, iseligible for the Derby; Gentility, thewinner of the Lexington Futurity, hasworked faster than any filly in theWest Unless she is saved for theOaks, she will certainly go in the Derby. Lucky Hour is the hope of theSimms' stable. He is already a winner Uiis year, was second in the Pimlico Futurity last year, and is a horseof undoubted class. With Deadlock,Spanish Maize, Ohatterton, My Playand several other dark horses to drawfrom, there is sure to be a large fieldof the best three-year-olds in Americato face the starter at Churchlil Downson Saturday, May 13th.The Downs is more beautiful than Jever this -year, accommodations forthe public have been greatly increased, and every arrangement has beenmade for the reception of at least 75,000 people. The Kentucky Derby isthe center of all attraction in the turfworld and Churchill Downs wilL be theMecca to which all lovers of high-classsport will turn on Saturday, May 13thi"the opening day of the Spring 'meetingat Louisville, which will continue untilJune 3rd,HONEST 3TJBGT.AK ACQUITTEDAT C0TJETJohn M. Gilroy was released inSan Francisco, Cali., as an'honest"robber.Gilroy told the court' he had beenout of work, his wife ill, and hischildren hungry. He needed $6, sohe took his revolver and held up asoft drink establishment, taking J 6.He found work the next day andout of his first pay he paid back the$6, then .surrendered to the police.The jury took a standing vote ofacquital.oCORNSLift Off with FingersDoesn't hurt a bit!tie "Freezone" on anDrop a litaching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)o- -Theater Fashions.From an Exchange "The house wasnil to its utmost capacity; the eleant night dresses and toilettes of theadles making a grand showing." Boson Transcript '$$&!'"x - o" " -Worst Accident In HlstoryrThe most appalling accident in hitory was the falling of an amphitheater in Rome in the time of Tiberius.Fifty thousand persons were crushed- O"Cut out the booze. There is nothing in it for you but poverty andheadache, to say nothing aboutheartache.of May-xJi'jWr V&Lf- V-.c-- &Tf-H'll 11 I ' IJ l I!'Iy)SMALL LrTCEEASE TJT BURLEYfC1Q? SEEKS PROBABLEThat " the general tobacco situation in the Burley section- is greatly improved over what it was a yearago, that the growers are greatlyencouraged oyer theoperation ortheir organization and that the increase inthe crop of 1922 will notbe more than 15 to 20-per cent, overthe production of 1921 are statements made by President James C.Stone, of the Burley Tobacco-Growers'Co-operative "Association, in response to inquiries as to the tobaccosituation and the probable production for the coming season. "Mr. Stone says in his statementthatj;he crop of 1921 will not totalmore" than 175,00,000 pounds; that120,0000,000 pounds of this has beenhandled by the Burley Association;that between 55,000,000 and 60,000,000 pounds of this has been soldto manuafcturers "at very satisfactory prices to the growers-," andthat the association will sell the remainder as soon as it is properly redried and prized in hogsheads.In his statement Mr. Stone says:"There are approximately 175,000,000 pounds of the 1921-1922crop of Burley tobacco, which isthe smallest crop of Burley that hasbeen grown in the past fifteen years,and this shortage is due largely tothe extremely low prices realized bythe growers last year, together withthe generally unsettled businessconditions of the country."During last summer and last fallthe Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association was organizedand actually began functioning onthe 26th, of January, and throughthe association we Jiave handled120,000,000 pounds of this year'scrop. We have sold of this amountbetween 55,000,000 and 60,000,000pounds at- very satisfactory pricesto the growers, and will sell the balance as soon as it is properly re-driedand prized into hogsheads."From present indications it looksno.w as if the crop will be increasedthis year over last Irom 15 to 20per cent, in acreage, but it is hard totell what the ultimate outcome ofproduction will be, for the reasonthat weather conditions for the nextfour months play such an importantfactor jn the size and quality of thecrop."The general tobacco situation inthe Burley section is greatly improved over what it was at this timelast year. The growers are verymuch jnore encouraged, and feelnow, that through the operation oftheir association they have found away out or tneir trouoies."This general feeling of beingable to help themselves, and the better prices which have been realizedfor their biggest money crop throughtheir association, has given themnew hope, and this feeling' seems tobe permeating every line of business in the Burley district."WATTERSON MEMORIAL COMMITTEE TO MEETTUESDAYMembers of the Henry WattersonMemorial Commission, appointed byGovernor Morrow under a resolutionpassed by the General Assembly ofKentucky, have been called to meetTuesday, May 2, in the red room ofthe Seelbach Hotel, in Louisville.The object of this first meetingas set forth by Governor Morrow inhis letter senf members is to perfect a permanent organization anddiscuss other business."Pursuant to a resolution of theGeneral Assembly of Kentucky,"Governor Morrow says, "I have takengreat pleasure in appointing you amember of the Henry WattersonMemorial Commission."It will be the duty, and I-amsure -the very great privilege ofthis commission to have charge of amovement to select and provide waysand means to erect a suitable memorial to the great Kentuckian, thepatriotic American, the distinguishedjournalist one who ..loved andserved his nation, his State and hispeople."The' meeting will be held at 2o'clock Tuesday afternoon, May 2,and all members who can are urgedby the Governor to be present.O ;Don't do nothing to-day just because you think you are going to dosomething to-moTrow.rS3Some stars in heaven are mightyhigh up, and some stars on the stageare mightly low down. ,oThere is nothing that goes outoftener than the furnace, unlesss itis a coal miner.New Spring Colorsare produced upon, your lastyear's garments bySwiss Dyeingwhich produces a most pleasingeffectBMutifvl Pastel Shade, Lavenders, Blues, Greens, etc., are produced in most brilliant tones.Cost is moderate.NlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllUlllllllllfWe HandleElectricalElectric WashiDgl Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing IDishes, Electroliers, - AllKinds of Bulbs, "Etc.Gas Heater rAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates- .That are Very Practical and Ornamental." T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiniimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICE'GOODRICH AND HOOD TIRES- BLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SupplierCars Washed(tf)GET READYSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time Levels.vGET FIGURES ON PAINTING-j NOW! Don't wait till Spring, Paint" is most valuable for the protection it- yields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes., - t -Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and .letus figure on the job for you.: Wt Are Eqirippf d WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANECONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumbtr Co.Cumberland Phcnt 1087 Home Phono 399iOTcCT.HE XTNUERSAL CARDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit in 'the history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1925Chassis I $285Runabout ?.... 3-19touring Car..-. 348Truck Chassis-. 430,Coupe r..' , 580Sedan 645(F. O. B. DETROIT)All Kinds ofNovelties 1VtOPP. COURT HOUSEt-JS " CINCINNATI, OHIO ' . Jy,3aS, , " - (gySWISS-demers ad-Dyersrv- IT- TAMO! T9T TOj&"'-"V v fri5n3-MOTOR COMPANY' jbomgrtsagMX,ti-"XT'3bI mm99"mmm9mmmmmmVr 3&K ??XSX& W?-" --r m&,j- .tc3-v., v.RUGOLES- - in " - r'& . Tk:,k -; ?4 '" ;:vy ,BBfet!5C5i3Aji-4-o.. . 5rr-. ! vA5 i i, lam. rUSST, mJ a if?-i-i.l-iiiV1f.VirJ'"-r i '-&-.,"V- ,--:'-zz v- - .vuy- "1-- !' '-iJ-1" " i'-V""--"i'. - ..-..-.- - ". . , " -r ? - . SS?; X .- r-' --SMS?--'--? '.-.-.V - T.nSDmmMSX,JUBr&m:1112.TrF-rrr-j - jruisrvpb-0$Y7J- 1Aspirinby "WARNING! Say "Bayer" when you buy Aspirin.'Unless you see the name "Bayer" on tablets, you are-"& .. -sn4- ,a4-4.:-.. am..:ma a :: ,.-:t,,4 u.. t, ..::-,,-.:; iWUl gClUllg gCllUIllC VSpillU piCdUllUCU UJ piiydllldlldover 22 years and proved sfe by millions forHeadache Colds RheumatismToothache Neuralgia NeuritisEarache . Lumbago Pain, Pain"Accept only "Bayer" package which contains proper directions.Haady "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Also bottles of -24 and 100 Druggists.Aspirin is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoacetlcacIdester of Sallcyllcacidr- - a, -VASTDIRIGIBLELINE IS PLANNEDCorporation Is Formed for thePromotion of Commercial Flying in United States.BIG MEN BEHIND PROJECT.gijug in lin'-JMen'w inn in, W; - -. TAGF SfaTj 'E"H-- " "t . - T-T "'gfiT-. ' . ' ' ow 7 1. - , ' t . -v - . "-- - 7 - - "" - I"vMEST CANMS:::- T"K. -u'PISTOL OWNERS HUST EEGISTEETHETB "GATS"Every citizen of Kentucky whoowns a pistol or revolver is required'to register it with the county clerkof the county in which he residesand every dealer who handles pistols must pay annual license fee of$25 under provisions of a law whichwas passed by the General Assembly.A fee of one dollar is requiredwith the registration -of the pistol-and the County Clerk, is .required tofurnish the Secertary of State, witha complete list of all persons registering in his county.Any persons convicted of not registering his gun shall be subject toa fine of from ?5 to. $200 or confinement in jail for thirty days or sixmonths. A similar penalty is provided for any dealer who fails to obtain a license to buy and sell pistols. Any unregistered pistol willbe forfeited to the commonwealthand sold by the sheriff.;r4The FiskNon-SkidTireA CLEAN -GUT, sturdy tire,, big in size and proved inservice. A deep button treadgives sure traction on wet roadsa tread that gives a sense of -confidencefor the sudden stopand that retains its safetv feature into big mileage.There's a Fisk tire of extra value in everysize, forbear, truck or speed wagonIlvTliiiiHiAlu tlFisk Premier Tread30 x3 $10.85Non-Skid Fabric30 x 3J4 14.85Extra-Ply Red-Top30 x Zy2 17.85Six-Ply Non-SMdClincher Cord30x317.85Six-Ply Non-SMdCord Straight Side30 x3K 19.85Time to Retire?lH7JEItoSix-Ply Non-SlddCord 31x4 $27.00Non-Skid Cord32x4 30.50NonSkid Cord32 x 4 39.00Non-Skid Cord34x441.00Non-Skid Cord35x5 51.50First Lint to B Operated Will BFrom New York to Chicago Airships to Be of (Modified ZeppelinType Use Helium Gas.Washington. The formation of agigantic corporation for commercialnavigation of the air In this country,through the establishment of regularlines over which will be operated hugedirigible airships of the modified Zeppelin type, was announced by the United States chamber of commerce.The corporation will be known asGeneral Air Service, its Incorporatorsand founders include some of the bestknown men of the country. Definiteplans for the construction of hugedirigibles in Germany have beenformed, the whole dirigible situationhas been studied from an advancedscientific point of view and, it is announced, the corporation expects tobe able to-place two large ships tooperation in this country in the summer of 1923.- Benedict Crowell leione of the groupof financial men and engineers behindthe project, and he will be presidentof the new corporation, which was incorporated under the laws of Maryland on Feb. 21, 1922. Mr. Crowellwas formerly assistant secretary ofwar, was head of the American aviation mission to Europe, and Is president of the Aero Club of America.Field Thoroughly Investigated.Before golng'ahead with the- incorporation of the General Air Service,which will bethe manufacturing andoperating company, the men Interestedin the project-formed what was knownas the American Investigation corporation, for the purpose of investigating the practicability of the establishment of commercial air service withlarge rigid airships in this anid neighboring countries. In their Investigations the representatives of the corporation had the co-operation and asilstance.f Dr. Johann Schuetfe of theSchuette-Lanz Airship company ofGermany, and his corps of engineers,also various engineers and associates.of other airship authorities of Europe.Dr. Schuette had been In America fnthe spring .of 1920, as had officials ofthe Zeppelin company and the Information gained from them wasof material service In the first formal stepthe organization of the American Investigation corporation.The first line the company hopes toput Into operation will be from NewYork to Chicago, to be extended toPacific coast cities as soon as addlrtional ships can be built. The NewYork-Chicago line will be opened, Itis announced, by two ships, each ofapproximately 4,000,000 cubic feet capacity, these ships to be fabricatedIn Germany and erected hi the UnitedStates. They are designed to provideaccommodations for 100 passengersand 30 tons of mail and express matter. It is announced to be the planto build larger ships for lines to SouthAmerica and Europe when the facilities for complete construction havebeen gathered.Dr. Schuette is Identified with thenew company. It Is declared;, to bethe plan to build the later ships inthis country, and virtually to transfera large -part of the Zeppelin-makingbusiness to the United States.fju;iWhen Hungry Little MusclesSay, "Please Help Me"DID you eyef stop to think who it really isthat!s talking, when childish voices raise aclamor, "Mother, I'm hungry ?"VIt's really muscles and bones and nerves-andcells worn in the stress and strain of play thatare calling for rebuilding material.digests easily, quickly and com- -pletely.Served with cream or -milk,Grape-Nuts is exceptionallynourishing."That's splendid!" says appetite. "That's just the need!" -saythe hungry muscles, nervesand bones.Ready to serve right from thepackage always crisp andfresh. A favorite dish with allthe family.1 Sold by grocers.What kind of an answer? Theright thing, or just anything?it makes a big difference.Grape-Nuts, so deliciouslycrisp and appetizing to taste, andso quick and convenient to serve,is a splendid food for rebuildingyoung bodies. All the wonderful nutriment put in wheatand barley by Nature, including the vital mineral elements,is there and Grape -Nutsx Grape-Nuts the Body Builder"There's a Reason"Made by Potum Cereal Company, Inc., Battle Creek, Mich.- Plan 'toUse;Hellumr." lItTis npls:niMtb&;dra4iigas, Tint helium, in these gigantic new !dirigibles which, k It is asserted, willembrace the latest -modifications ofboth the Zeppelin and Schuette patents, both of which were combined Inthe last of the German dirigibleabulltduring the war. It Is also assertedthat gasoline, another source offlreand explosion, will .not be used,andthat that motive power will be furnished by oil fuel."Commercial air transport in theUnited State,,r says the announcement Mis In the doldrums, and apparently will remain so until It Is givenlegal and economic status by federal orat least by unified state action. Properly developed, with present transportation systems, this new agency canbecome a most valuable addition Tfothe nation's specialized carrier capacity in peace as well as in war."At present nation-wide regulativelegislation is greatly needed, not onlyfor the ordinary needs of public safety, but also to establish the legal status and responsibilities of air transport in national and international business. Canada, Australia and European nations already have providedsuch legislation. Without practicalencouragement cpmmercial aeronauticsin America will continue to lag behindforeign development to such an extentas to constitute menace to futuresecurity and to delay fatally the essential commercial development Inwhich America should lightly standfirst."The report recommends immediatesupport of basic national legislation Ion aeronautics providing for appropri-ate regulatory procedure, adequate facilities in the department of commerce for promoting the regulationand development of commercials airtransport operations in interstate andforeign commerce, Intrastate legislation, an encouragement of widespreadpublic support of this essential aeronautical legislation.In its announcement of the GeneralAir Service company's plans, thechamber of commerce of the UnitedStates gives this statement in its official organ from Benedict Crowell:"Our aim Is to provide rigid airshipservice to America first, and, as timegoes on, link this continent with therest of the world by aerial routes; aservice supplementing existing methods of transportation, one which willtraverse jpace in a minimum of timeand supplya means of travel both safeand comfortable. -.-jfe--SKc-."Aerial transportation is just asnecessary to present-oay civnizauonas the railroads were to civilizationfifty years ago. In no country in theworld Is this new method of transportation more necessary than in the Uni-ted States because of its great ex"panse of territory and its numerousurban centers of large size. The United States can and should Tead theworld' in the rigid airship field."Got Information In Europe.Mr. Crowell was one of a group thatspent much of the spring and summerof 1921 in Europe. They went to airship factories and stations In Germany, France, England and Italy. Theymade flights in British, ex-German andItalian airships, und secured data covering manufacturing and operatingcosts not only of airships but of hangars, mooring masts, landing fields andterminal facilities. They ' securedMnformatlon and engineering data regarding flights over routes In the countries named, passenger accommodations, freight and express handling,fuel and supply statistics, replacementcosts, insurance rates and the lawsgoverning air navigation In Europe."At the same time," the statementfrom Mr. Crowell explains, "we werecarrying on investigations here in theUnited States. We looked into thehelium question, its cost and probablesupply; sources" of operating revenue,passenger, freight, express and mall;the most feasible routes over whichto start our new service to supplementexisting traffic facilities; meteorological data and the effect that our climatewill have on a yearly operation schedule; and the thousand and one thingswhich develop Into real problems tobe surmounted in any undertaking ofsuch wide application."It was in. these investigations thatthe representatives of the AmericanInvestigation corporation had the cooperation and capable assistance ofDr. Schuette."We uncovered enough evidenceearly on our trip to Europe," continuedMr. Crowell's statement, "taken withthat previously found, to convince usall that the time had arrived for acrtlon; that certain conditions abroad,if taken -advantage of, would place theUnited States In the lead in the airship industry, perhaps for all time.Political conditions, reduced rates ofexchange, post-war reparations, thenon-employment of airship talent, allthese-were factors in giving airshipsa setback in Europe. These factorsare to our 'advantage.", On the return of these Investigatorsfrom Eurone plans were formulatedfor the organization of the GeneralAir Service company, which starts business with the accumulated data acquired by the American Investigationcorporation. The latter corporationhas acquired various rights for theconstruction of German rigids throughout the world, secured options on certain equipment vital to the Industry,inriurtincr moorlnsr masts, hangars, terminal apparatus and plans and specifications for rigid airships of variouscapacities for long-distance routes.IN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOOvADAY-"Ss,--.,-34i sS-lllllMllilllllllllllMlllllltMllllllllllMlilllGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKER- Distinctive Service.BOTH TELEPHONESDay Night137 " 399vlriV1X4:yinMHHWUiHIWtHMHMMtlMMIIIMIILouisville & Nashville RailroadCHANGE IN TIMEEFFECTIVE APRIL 30th-"The Appalachian" will be combined with "The Southland,"which will leave Paris for Knoxville, Atlanta, Jacksonville,etc., at 10:15 a.m. Northbound will leave Paris for Cincinnati and Chicago at 6:55 p. m.For Lexington train 13 will leave Paris at 10:18 a.m. instead of 11:00 a.m., and Sunday only train No. 209 will leaveParis at 5:58 p.m. instead of- 6 :00."7 Returning from Lexington train No. 12 will leave Lexington 9:20 a.m. instead of10:00, arriving Paris 10:00 a.m.Maysville Branch train No. 140 (except Sunday) willleave Paris at 6:53 instead of 7:00.For further information, apply to local ticket agent L.& N. R. R.Which Daily Paper?A Question That is Quickly and Readily AnsweredThe Courier-JournaiLargest Morning Circulationof Any Kentucky NewspaperEnjoy3 a nation-wide prestige and repuiation. . It isessentially a newspaDer, intent upon giving news matterfirst consideration.Maintains its own news bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of theJAssqciated Press.With important legislation coming before Congress andthe Kentucky General Assembly in 1922, the CourierJournal is the daily newspaper you will need.v. By special arrangements we are now able to offer"The Daily Courier-JournalANDThe Bourbon News . . - "BOTH ONE YEAR tt C CA- - BY MAIL FOR ONLY tyD.DYJThis offer applies to renewals as well as new subscriptions, but only to people living in Kentucky, Tennessee or Indiana., New subscribers may, if desired, -startat a later date, and renewals will date from expiration of present ones. .If you prefer an evening newspaper, you may substitute Tne Louisville Times for The Courier-Journal.Send or bring, your orders to the office of THEBOURBON NEWS.;ixasxax;f.i: asss k :Mii Bourbon LaundryI DAVIS & FUNK. Prmirietnrs fDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West FifhStreetK a man was as "full of "schooners" as the ocean, the wild wavesand wha tkey ar woulin't W ;wmiaper to tke aoise he wtiild aakt .illliisaHiaV I HiTTvI V laaaaaaH ir CVniaaal Uy '----HhfeASVjK ? i'feTHaBHaar JtlSATISFACTI OHOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-'ments in laundry applianceand expert helpers wef areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage. 1iiThe Bourbon Iiaiandrj. 'xs-vr. . r- .-?v.--' c A'-';:: rti? -vxr- " z-'c-y- v-t2i- ,. r- r- swkj'-v r. ?-c5-r-.'!f- &s--ie&z'&34L&-zR-Zi-rr- .iiwrParis, KentuckyXfliXB.t'yf- -f vV:" - -I?- vi:fXJSJRXMX' ... -- ''Kl - ' y .asSmaVmmxwmMmt r- A. r. - - - ' - v- . . :i.--cV".r.4mfif.- --v-'" t v.!a'4;- ,&f. ,'ife,'i&- ?k&tes2t..6K3SMP,&2S9l'as, v -; - ---' '" 'F v0"-- . ;v-i-?, '-'. -. 'v, Ar?; v r Ti-; rh'x ,ff',-: r " - 4iF;-''' -o ;"?".SF. 'rJil J3tirc ZL ".,rmmP6HTBOURBONTUWOAT. UXX S, lilt.N1WB PAWS, KENTUCKY Vi?-V. -fe" rsL. ". o.&Vj5!my&sKfjHK3fWt,pkh"1m--:ri'rf.-r-FMILLffiSBURG3mttitiiig News Items TromBourfcon' County's College Town- Mrs. Tone Zoellers and childrenre visiting relatives . in London,Maypole entertainment Thursday, at 4:00 p. m., on High Scho'olcampus.Mr. and Mrs. V. L. Barton-spent the week-end with relatives in-Colville.Mrs. Elizabeth Miller is visit--inpher sister, Miss Julia Howe, inCovington.Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Metcalfe"have returned frdm a visit with theirdaughter, Miss Mabel Mtcalfe, atBerea College.Mr. and Mrs. b. TJ. Bramblette,of Carlisle, visited Mr. and Mrs. J.B. Cray SundayRobt. Howe and mother, ofNicholasville, are visiting Dr. andMrs. G. W. Nutter.Messrs. Alex and Albert Hawes,of Covington, visited relatives hereFriday and Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Barton andchildren are visiting Mrs. Stanley-Jacobs, in Maysville.Mrs. Nancy McClintock anddaughter, Alice, of Paris, visited--relatives "here Sunday.Mr. and, Mrs. Wadell Beedingr ,and little son, Thomas, left Sundayfor Whitesville, Tenn., to visit relar tives.Miss Clara Dabney leaves to-day for Hot Springs, Ark., for anextended visit with friends and relatives. Misses Margaret and EdithWood, of Maysville, spent the week-nd with their mother, Mrs. B. W." Wood.Mrs. Elizabeth Norton, of Tran-' sylvania College, Lexington, is visiting, her aunt, Miss Nannie BurToughs. Mrs. Mattie Hawes, of Covington, has returned home after a-week's visit with friends and rela-- tives here.v Mrs. Louise Leer and little son,J. C, have returned from a visit withrelatives and friends in Shelbyvilleand Lexington.Misses Effie Lee and LouiseAsbury, of Irvine, were ' week-end,-guests of Miss Mary McDaniel atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. F. McDaniel.The 'game of base ball betweenMillersburg Military Institute and- Carlisle, played on the Carlislegrounds, Saturday, resulted in the- score of 19 to 9, in favor of M."M. I.Mr. Thomas B. Talbott and- Rev. W. A. Hopkins will conduct aSunday School conference at thePresbyterian church, Thursday even-ing at 7:30 o'clock. All membersof other churches are invited to atjtend. The funeral of Mr, Joseph B."Stewart took place at his late resi-- dence in Lexington, on Monday(morning at 10:00 oclock. Burial in1laiio-ciuBieiy. uxr. oiewart is abrother of J. H. Stewart, of thisplace.Dr. A. W. Fortune, pastor of theCentral Christian church, Lexington, K., will preach the baccalaureate sermon for the High School atthe k High School auditorium, Sunday evening, May 14, at eighto'clock. You are invited to attend.Mrs. Carrie Norfleet, of Har-rodsburg, Deputy Grand Matron- ofthe Order of the Eastern Star, visited Millersburg, Friday evening,and inspected Shawhan Chapter,No. 15. Quite a number v of themembers were present to greet her.Her talk was interesting , and enjoyed by all.N "1 The following from here attended the Ferguson-Rogers weddingnear Paris, Saturday night: Mr.and Mrs. S. M. Allen and daughter,Bush Allen, Mary Louise Wood, Mr.and Mrs. Bryan McMurtry, Mr. andMrs. Julian Allen, Mr. and Mrs. W.D. Mclntyre and daughter.Rev. W. S. Cain, of Paris, delivered the annual Masonic sermonto Amity Lodge, No. 40, F. and, M.,which was attended by about 70members, who marched in a body tothe Methodist church, where the services were held. The church wasfilled to overflowing and the historical address on the foundation ofthe order and its Christian virtueswas enjoyed .by all present. Themusic was a special, feature. Theselections by the quartet from Pariswas well rendered, also the solo byMrs. Steen, of Millersburg College.HBi' V. 3 TA I, a ia n Airv2sOO to 5:30 " 7:00 to 1 0:30 I, . . .uDEATHSlife Is But A Brief Span, A Debt- That All Must PayMATTOXSamuel Lee Mattox, aged oneyear and seven months, died at 10:30o'clock Saturday night at the homeof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. AlbertMattox, near Millersburg, after ashort illness of pneumonia. Besideshis parents, he is survived by twosisters.The funeral was held yesterdayafternoon, at two o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theMillersburg Cemetery by Rev. R. L.Stone, of Millersburg.'TODAY, TUESDAYTHF PATH HAIID" Enacted by an All Star CastI III fV M I ll Including Thomas W. Rom, Wilfred Lyttll, Gladys Coburm,MM WLm m ITsV m fmflL RJ1 J sFM. Thea Talbott and a" Score of Othtr Distinguished FlayersIt's a picturaation of Cecil Raleigh's Sensational Melodrama of Love and Intrigue. Based on the great stage hit, "TheMarriage of Mayfair." A METRO CLASSIC, ,Also "Miracles of the Jungly" and Snub Pollard Comedy, "Down and Out"'TOMORROW, WEDNESDAY"The Great Impersonation" "SyzsKSrJesse L. Lasky Presents aGeorge Melford ProductionJFrom the Novel by E. Phillips Oppenheim The story of a double impersonation that will enthrall, mystify, surprise andstartle you!One of the most absorbing tales of love and adventure ever woven into drania. With a great supporting cast, including Ann Forrest,Alan Haler Fountain La Rue, Winter Hall and Truly vShattuck.Also a Cristie Comedy and Pathe NewsTHURSDAY, MAY 4thALICE JOYCE in "The Inner Chamber,The strange story of a young girl who fell .victim of gossip; based on the famous novel by Charles Caldwell Dobie entitled "TheBlood Red Dawn." directed, by Edward Jose. A picture that gets under the skin. A mammoth production for a great star. A strangetale told in a novel way. Big bazaar scene, gorgeous restaurant set, big storm and a dramatic wedding. "Also Ruth Roland in the Last Episode of "White Eagle" and Topics of the DayADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c. CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligiousCircles For firesent andFuturereceived more money under the Underwood low tariff act than underany high tariff law ever passed.oB0UBB0N FARM CONDITIONS" SfTRACOOn .TheWell DressedBoyThe boy who is particularabout his clothes is usuallythe wearer ofXTRAGOODCLOTHES for BOYSThe lasting style of thesesuperior suits is stitchedright into every garment.Extra strength in the fabrics, in the linings, in thereinforced seams and securely stayed pockets. Little touches, too, like watchand pencil pockets. Inspectthese unquestioned values.SUIT WITH. TWOPAIRS PANTS -$10-$12.50-$15Price & Co.ClothiersSTEWARTJoseph B. Stewart, aged sixtyeight, formerly a resident of Bourbon county, died Saturday afternoon at five o'clock- at his home onMaysville pike, near Lexington, after a short illness.Mr. Stewart was one of the bestknown and most popular farmers inBourbon county, where he made hishome for many years, residing onhis farm on the Hume and Bedfordpike, near Paris. Several years agohe sold his place, and bought" asuburban home near Lexington,where he resided to the time of hisdeath. He was a wholesoled man,one of the old-time school of farmers -whose homes were the centers ofhospitality, and was universallypopular.Mr. Stewart is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Allie Burns Stewart,four daughters, Mrs. Benj. Degaris,of Georgetown, Mrs. Carl Williams,of Paris, Mrs. Carrie Harvey, ofLexington, Mrs. Katie Barrett, orDetroit. Mich.: one son, CharlesStewart, of Woodford county; eight!grandchildren; two brothers, JohnStewart, of Elizabeth; three sisters,Mrs. Will Brown, Larned, KansasMisses Mattie and Carrie Stewart, ofnear Paris.The funeral was held at the familv home yesterday morning at teno'clock, with services conducted byRev. Mark Collis, of Lexington.The interment took place in. thefamily lot in the Paris Cemetery.ThP nall-bearers were: NewtonMitchell, W. H. Harp, Leslie Scott,J. D. Alexander, W. J. Hayden andGeorge T. Martin.o-TOBACCO 00L TO PUBLISH OWNPAPERThe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association win uegm mMay the publication of a monthlymagazine, which will be devoted tothe news of the burley co-operativemarketing movement. The first issueof the new magazine, which will bethe official organ of the association,will be published about May 10. Itwill accept advertising not of acharacter to conflict with the interests of local merchants or of any ofthose who aided in putting the cooperative association over in theburley district.J. Sherman Porter, who managedthe publicity campaign of the buryley association through its formativp. neriod. has been elected editorand manager of the new publication.Mr. Porter has had -long experiencein newspaper work and for the past'six years has been actively engagedI in publicity, having 'conducted anumber of successful statewideI campaigns previous to going withthe burley association..I The offices of the magazine will'be in Lexington. It will be calledthe Burley Tobacco Grower.The Episcopal church eveningprayer will be said at St. Peter's1church at 730 p. m. Wednesday.The Young Men's Bible Class' ofthe Presbyterian church' will entertain the Young'Women's Bible Classof the same church in the churchparlors at eight o'clock, Thursdayevening. The entertainment is theresult of a general average contestin which the classes have been engaged for the past ten Sundays, andwhich closed with a victory for theWomen's Classes by a big majority.The Jadies are inclined to gloat overtheir vicfory, and proposed to enjoyits fruits to the fullestThe Mt. Sterling Baptist churchis installing a complete up-to-dateradio outfit near the pulpit of thechurch. Wireless reports of the services will be sent out every Sundayor on other special occasions, to thesick and others unable to attend.The Young Woman's MissionCircle of the Christian church willmeet in the church parlors at 2:30o'clock, this (Tuesday) afternoon.Business of importance. A full attendance of the membership is requested. Paris was represented by DennisV. Snapp and Rev. C. H. Greer at the;recent meeting of the LexingtonDistrict Conference, M. E. Church,in Mt. Sterling;.Mrs. Robt. J. Neely and Mrs.Thornwell Tadlock attended themeeting of the Ebenezer Presbyt56rialAuxiliary held in Carlisle, as delegates from the Paris Presbyterianchurch.The Ebenezer Presbyterial Auxiliary, which met in Carlisle, Thursday and Friday, elected the following officers for the ensuing year:President, Mrs. J. T. Tadlock, ofParis; vice-president, Mrs. J. T. Vansant, of Paris; recording' secretary,Miss Ruth McClintock, of Millersburg; treasurer, Mrs. Lillie Scudder Kennedy, of Carlisle; secretaryspiritual resources, Mrs. B. F. Bedinger, of Richmond; assembly'shome mission, Miss Jessie Allison, "ofWashington; Synodical Presbyterialand Congressional home missions,Mrs. Marion Ganderback, of Augusta.oReports from all parts of the county indicate that the recent frostsdid more damage than at first reported, but that the major part ofthe fruit crop is so far safe. According to Mr. H. F. Hillenmeyer, theveteran Lexington horticulturist, thedanger is not entirely over.This week farmers: are busy making up lost time in working theground" for planting eorn. Most ofthe oats has already been planted.Farmers are also busy preparingground for tobacco. Tobacco plantsare showing up well, according toreports, and considering all circumstances, should be plentiful and" ingood conditfon this year.REAL ESTATE DEALSThe killing- of men by womenseems to be one infant industry thatis flourishing;Mrs. Ella Mernaugh sold lastweek to Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Lytlea vacant lot facing on Hendersonstreet, at a price not reported forpublication. Mr. and Mrs. Lytle areplanning a nice cottage home to beerected on their purchase in the nearIfuture.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F. jsrannon,of Lexington, formerly of Paris,sold to Harris, Speakes & Harris,realtor, their property on Seventhstreet, composed of two houses andlots. The purchasers "will removethe old building and erect a twostory brick building with storeroombelow and apartments.Jonas Weil has purchased fromJerome Sellers, of Lexington, theHowerton farm, located on theBethlehem pike, about three milesfrom Paris, containing 453 acres.This is one of the best tracts of landin Bourbon county, and for manyyears was owned by the late JosephA. Howerton.The E. M. Thomason Agency, realtors, of Millersburg, sold to N. H".Collier fifty-two acres of unimproved land, near Millersburg, formerlypart of the J. H. Thorn farm, belonging to W. W. Greathouse, for$4,500 cash.SEED COBNWE HAVE SEVEBAI DESIRABLE VAEIETIES OE HIGHESTQUALITY. PBICE EEASONABLE.BRENT & COMPANY, lac.(apr21-5t)An Illinois man ate forty bananasin forty minutes. Wonder how longit would take that fellow to weed anonion patch?roA young thing is fairly certainto think she knows:- more than hermother about everything: except inkitchen work.Great Shoe BargainsAT PARIS' GREATEST SHOE STORESLIPPERSAMwm 'MHillkWALXiiisjX t .esJeOVER i , ar prices2lh&'J?&'reflecting the latest fashion trends and enabling you to buySpring Footwearthat represent a genuine money-savingBetter Shoes For Less Prices99cIt-rained for 40 days and 40nights on6e, probably along aboutthe opening of itlft baseball- Reason.-TARIFF "PANACEA" AGAINThe United States Senate hasspawned its tariff bill. It is in somerespects higher than the notoriousPayne-Aldrich law of the previousRepublican administration and considerably above the present Underwood law. ' iDoubtless it represents the viewsof the high protectionists of thecountry who believe that a tariffwall begets prosperity, even thoughit does strangle international trade.And it does beget prosperity forthose who are protected. But notariff protects everybody and thisone will come farther short of everybody than any such measure fora long period of -years.'FOr the consumer there is one important thing always to rememberabout any tariff. It is that it is ameans of making the consumer paymore for his shoes, his woolen socksand his' clothing than otherwise..That is the point of a tariff to cutout competition so that the American manufacturer can raise hisprice. Such a manufacturer, is"protected" to be sure a beneficiary of special privilege.The answer of the high tariff- manis that" the American workinglnangets higher wages because - of a the"tariff. Tie American workingmanloughtobe abfeJoujinswer that! He55Extraordinary offerings Ladies' BlackSatin Slippers, Baby Louis heels; the newest patent slippers; light shade tan Oxfords, wonderful values, v M iflOn sale at M-TULadies' new models in Patent Strap BuckleSlippers; low rubber heels. Save &A QCthe difference. ' Sale priee JhJ.uJExtra special Ladies' Tan and Black Oxfords; a real value (TO AQSale priced VL.tVIV. - .-. . V. - - -V - fci" -x.ST! ""'jig 'Ladies' $1.50 Sof tKid Strap Slippers;rubber heels. Sale priceSave mpney on your Boys' aad Girls' Slippers; specially priced; Misses' -and Children's $2. 00 Patent Strap Slifpers, 1 QAall sizes 8 1-2 to 2, on sale at.... J 1.99Men"s Newest Spring Oxfords and Shoes;tan and black, 16.00 values. Q QJOn, sale at 3v3vXMen's Elk Work Shoes,. In- tan leather; allsises represented. t nrn sale at .. J .03my-&. A&&'-&&IW)ll''Jh"v"DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Rcif 1'- - . J : ..n27- ,."'J -rr rHr t VV-!iPr? .3k SX 1A -HVf J. .Lm, . . ,r. rjr. At J-X. jl . J-Sia.-"- j,jap, -, -, -wffc-i.i-t.fl -., r-.--!." - -, Tp -"jssst. --,. - - S- M- -zji-i .-" K-i 4-Arifcr'art4 m' . r x3Ejer-, ty - rti p:zg- .fES3Mm$,. 'v; i-'r - NSrji3Mg-tjqf .Airow - , i-it- wSifeafcas- -r " r -. Jr "t-r-... AS? -. -,- j't.&Ert.f 7r , ' -T'Ciirtifi -"iri-,rri&Liu 1 1 hifii T-- - -gfirl-jlES. i.gg& ,,.- vsw --w Ji.vf - v afe.-M . vn-.'A'y wi.-,iial,arc - -a ,y. ' .Jutii rfW" i-l -.-- f- itSA-V T