tfeTHEJ If BON N FWS -! -; 'w ;;riSr 'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY EN THE YEAR.j- Jt.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COlftlTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1922sin A . iif "'-STATE MEETING OF DISCIPLESOF fiWRTSTW -IExtensive preparations are beingmade by the Disciples of Christchurches in Bourbon county, for receiving and entertaining delegatesto the State meeting of the church,-which will be held at the ParisChristian church, on September 25to 29, inclusive.Three generations, descendants ofBarton W. Stone, "the founder ofthe faith,"' who is buried in the oldCane Ridge burying ground, nearthe historic, old Cane Ridge church,will be be present for- the occasion.A program of more than pleasinginterest is being worked out bothfor entertainment and the businessprogram of the meeting. Plans haveprogressed far enough to warrantthe belief that the event will be oneof the most remarkable church gatherings in Paris for many years.Delegates to the meeting will besrin arriving in Paris Monday intime to take part in the evening .service, after which they will betaken to the homes previously as-takensigned them.Some of the most noted ministersof the denomination will be present,as well as laymen, who have becomenoted in church work, and willtake part in the proceedings. Parishas previously entertained gatherings of this sort, but the meetingscheduled for September 25-29,promises to eclipse anything of thekind here for many years.The convention opens with theeducational session Monday evening,with W. Hume Logan, of Louisville,presiding. Dr. A. D. Harmon, thenewly-elected president of Transylvania College, will deliver the educational address, and Dr. VernonStauffer, of the College of Bible, atTransylvania, is alsoon that program. Mrs. Chas. Allen Thomas will preside at the session of the KentuckyWoman's Missionary Society, whichwill be held on Tuesday. Dr. H. H.Miller, pastor of the IndependenceBoulevard Christian Church of Kansas City, will be the speaker of themorning.' In the afternoon addresseswill be made by Mrs. James Ogden,missionary to Tibet; Mrs. V. C. Carpenter, missionary to Dajoas, andJesse Bader, of St Louis, superintendent of evangelism for the UnitedChristian Missionary Society. Theevening address will be made by theRev. J. C. Ogden, missionary toTibet.The State Board of Missions, ofwhich the Rev. M. A. Hart is president; the Rev. H. H. Webb, vicepresident; the Rev. H. W. Elliott,secretary and treasurer, will conduct the program Wednesday. Typesof State mission work will be discussed in its various phases by different speakers throughout the day.Dr. Miller will deliver a special sermon in the morning, and "NinetyYears of History" will be presentedby the Rev. W. J. Loosin the evening. The Christian Bible School Association session, combining SundaySchool and Christian Endeavor workwill be held Thursday, with RogerT. Nooe, president of the" association, presiding. NeaL K. McGowan,superintendent, and George V.Moore, associate, both of Louisville,will be on ,the program. Addresseswill be made during the day by Dr.Miller,- H. D. Pickrell, of St. Louis,Christian Endeavor " superintendentfor the Disciples of .Christ,,. Dr. JC. CT,rt ,,flafl f thn f-nlleee of 'Bible, m ' w1woiQ QT,d rr T? M. Hod-,kins, National Bible School Superintendent. Friday the closing session will bedesignated as Cane Ridge MemorialDay, which will be held under theauspices of the Paris- ChristianChurch. All convention music wittT)e in charge of Mrs. Edna Dryden,of the Paris church.NOTICE TO TAXPAYEESBY THE WAY, THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IS ONE OFTHE BUSIEST PLACES IN TOWNAT PRESENT. FARMERS, BUSINESS MEN AND ALL ARE TRYING TO GET THIS JOB FINISHEDAND DONE WITH. BETTER GETGET BUSY AND DO LIKEWISEWINS AT STATE FAIREwing's butter won first prizeover forty-two contestants at theState Fair in Louisville last week.Mr. J. F. Arthur, n who formerlymanaged the Parrakeet grocery inParis, is the distributor for thisbutter in this territory.INDICTMENTS IN THE RENAXERCASEThe Clark County grand jury atWinchester yesterday afternoon returned true bills indicting ScobeeHardman and Reese Fox for murderand Mrs.. Leon Renaker, as accomplice, in. the murder of Leom Ttenafcer, noir,, celebrated murder mystery.tSPAEIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESThe Pans High School footballteam under coach Clay Ward, isrounding into shape readily for Sat-uruay s game wun vjarnsie, a gamewas arranged yesterday for theParis team to play in Ashland onOctober 7. This will be one of thehardest and best games on the Parisschedule. The new athletic field will"be ready for the Carlisle game. Newbleachers have been erected, thefield put in perfect condition, "parking space has been reserved' forthree hundred automobiles, andgood, comfortable seating arrangements 'for at least six hundred.The Extension Division " of theUniversity of Kentucky will ' openthe first of its classes in GeneralHygiene. This class will be conducted by Dr. P. K. Holmes, of theUniversity of Kentucky. 'Dr.Holmes will meet all those interested in this work at the Paris HighSchool, Monday, September 25, at3 p. mThis course in General Hygiene isrequired of every graduate receivingany degree. This work; consists ofweekly lectures of two -hours eachand is valued at four credits. Thisis one of the most important coursesoffered by the University and Bourbon county is most fortunate in having secured Dr. Holmes, who isone of the best-posted doctors onHealth Education in America. Thiscourse is open to all people whowant to learn how to live morenearly up to their possibilities.Dr. Holmes says: "Age is an attitude of the mind. That a personis just as old as 'he thinks he is."The extension courses offered bythe University are becoming morepopular in Paris all the time.Prof. Edward Franklin Farquharwill give a lecture course in Literature. Prof. Farquhar has a greatand increasing following in thiscounty. People in all walks of lifeenjoy hearing his philosophy in literature. Dr. James Edward Tuthill willcontinue his work in American History. Dr. Tuthill is one of theleading authorities on AmericanHistory in all the South and hiswinter in American History willhave a great appeal to all peoplewho want a better appreciation oftheir country's institutions nowwhen so much depends upon thethinking and acting of our people.The people of the city and dbuntyhave very much to be thankful forin the matter of publip schools, ablyand wisely administered, with a fullcorps of faith4ul and competentteachers. The students are giventhe very best of attention, with aview of making their advancementsolid and permanent. The ParisPublic School has never had astronger working force, one thatlooks ahead and plans ahead forevery good thing that will tend tothe good of the pupil - and , theteacher alike. All seem determinedto make this the best year in thehistory of P. H. S., a school whichhas behind it a splendid record ofachievements and results.To Prof. Lee? Kirkpatrick, superintendent of the schools, is largelydue the splendid condition .of theParis institution, and to his wisdom,forethought and executive ablity aredue the results achieved in all thedepartments. Coming to Paris acomparative stranger he Boon madehis ability known in the school, andit was not long before parents andPupils began to realize that 'thehead of the school was a real educator, a man of broad vision, a splendid exponent of advanced educationaV ideas, and 'a m'atf' who wasbound to leave an indelible impression on the affairs of 'the school.Prof. Kirkpatrick has refused toleave Paris, to accept offers' at otherplaces, deeming it his ''duty to remain here, where he has1 an: opportunity to carry into effect well-laidand cherished plans for' the advancement of learning among the youthof this community. Paris gladly recognizes his sterling worth, and thepeople of the community are proudto acknowledge his influence andthe value of his work in 'his chosenfield.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS.THE TIME LIMIT IS GROWINGSHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONERS OFFICE IN THECOURT HOUSE, AND LIST YOURTAXESBEN WOODFORD,TAX COMMISSIONER.PAPER CHANGES OWNERSHIPLouis Lilleston and S. B. BedfordJ-' h.ave. sold their interest in the publication and good will of the ParisKentuckian-Citizen to A, S. Thompson, one of the owners, who willcontinue publication of the paper.Fire, Wmd ad lighting Immance. THOMAS, WOODFORD BRYANRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In Religion!Cirolei For fresent andFutureRev. O. O. Green, of Richmond,will fill the pulpit at the Paris Baptisf church, morning and evening,Sunday.'A large audience heard the farewell sermon Sunday night of Rev.Arthur Fox, pastdr of the Paris Baptist church. Rev. Fox and familywill leave in a few days for his newcharge at Mayfield.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Paris Baptist church willhold an all-day meeting in thechurch building on Tuesday, September 26. The members of Silasand Spears Mill churches are invited, as well as delegates from eachBaptist church in Elkhorn Association. Lunch will be served by theParis church. An interesting program is being arranged.Dr.A. D. Harmon, president ofTransylvania College and College ofthe Bible at Lexington, will deliverthe educational address at the nineteenth, annual convention of theChurches of Christ, at Paris, September 25. Dr. Harmon was formerly president of Cotner College,Bethany, Nebraska, and has for anumber of years been president ofthe National Board 'of Educationfor the Disciples of Christ.The subject for the morninghour at the Presbyterian church is"The Greatest Waste In the World."The subject at the evening servicewill be "Living Behind the Bars."Rev. T. S. Smylie will preach atboth of these services. The hoursof services are: Sunday School,9:30 a. m.; Christian Endeavor,6:30 p. m.; preaching, 10:55 a. m.and 7:30 p. m. The members of thechurch are urged to turn out for theSunday services. The public is cordially invited to worship here.The Christian Endeavor of theSecond Distrct closed a two-dayssession at the Christian church, inCarlisle, Sunday night, with delegates from Lexington, Georgetown,Paris, Maysville, Augusta and Flemingsburg in attendance. The Parisdelegates were: Robert Rose, D. Y.L. Farley, Misses Mattie Baldwin,Vernita Baldwin and Mrs. DouglasThomas, Jr. The following officers.were elected for the ensuing term:President, Miss Maude -.Booth, "Car-1lisle; vice-president, Mrs. W. .A.Reynolds, Augusta; secretary, MissMartha Ross, Carlisle; treasurer,Miss Lula Traxel, Maysville; intermediate supeiintendent, BrentWood, Maysville; intermediate superintendent,-Miss Mary Wilson,Maysville; " a 1 u m n a,e superintendent, Mrs. Taylor Mathers,Carlisle; quiet hour, Mrs. HenryBramblett, East Union; publicity,Mrs. John Mullens; Tenth Legion,Miss Lula Traxel, Maysville; flyingsquadron, William Rankin, Augusta.STETSON HATS E0E FALLIn bright new snappy colors andstyles. $7'.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED. v,BRENT & CO., INC.f29-tnROAD CONSTRUCTION -BEGINSThe Bourbon County Road Commission, under contract with theState Highway Commission, on Tuesday -began the reconstruction of thatpart of the Maysville pike leadinginto Paris beaween the intersectionsof the Bethlehem and the Hume andBedford pikes, at Twentieth street.This is the part of the road" between Paris and Lexington, whichhas for a long time been a source ofprvrrmlniTit nnrl anTiovanp.fi to the cit-pnmnlaint and annovance to the cit! C 1 J.-U .,.,.i4.or, nc -ittqII Ias tourists who travel this route.The State Department announced more than a month ago that itwas ready to start on the work, butwass waiting for an agreement to becompleted between the Departmentand the Kentucky Traction and Ter-minal Company.D0DS0N HOME AT AUCTIONSeven-room, two-story frame residence, on Brent street, at public saleSeptember 27. Read the ad in today's NEWS.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(22-26)PARIS BANK STATEMENTSIn this issue of THE NEWS ispublished statements of condition ofthree Paris banks, as of September15, in accordance with the recentlyissued call by State Banking Commissioner Lewis. These statementsshow our financial institutions to bein a healthy condition, and will beinteresting "to students of financialand business conditions.iMrs. Bessie Woodford Clay purchased privately yesterday thehandsome two-story brick residenceof Mr. D. C. Parrish, on High street,for the reported -price of $13,000.This is one pf the most completehomes in the city.Baldwin Bros, purchased the Mc-Olintock business property, on Mainstreet, adjoining their businesshouse, yesterday, for $9,600. Possession will be given January 1. Thesale was made through Harris,Speakes & Harris.One of the best real estate salesconsummated in the" county formonths -was that of the two tractsof land belonging to the estates ofMiss Rebecca Dudley and Mrs. Nannie Dudley McClintock, conductedWednesday morning, on the premises under the auspices of Harris,Speakes & Harris. The sale wascried by Auctioneer George D.Speakes. A large crowd was in attendance, and the bidding was spirited. Tract No. 1, comprising 232acres, situated on the Bethlehem Ipike, four miles from Paris, wassold to Catesby W. Spears, for $95.25 an acre. This property adjoinsthe farms of Jonas Weil on thenorth and east and the lands of theMcClintock heirs on the east. It iswell improved, with a large brickresidence, and barns. Tract No 2,comprising 160 acres, lying west ofTract No. 1, Was sold to John T.Hughes, of Fayette county, for $135!an acre. This tract is aiso wenimproved with a fourrpom cottage,barns and necessary outbulflings.REAL ESTATE DEALS. . .....the tract are in bluegrass. Theheirs expressed themselves as wellsatisfied with the price realized forthj6 farms. The'sale was conductedunder the disposition of Mrs. N.Daugherty and B. F. Bedford, ad -ministrators of Mrs. Nannie DudleyMcClintock, and B. F. Bedford andWm. K. Dudley, executors of MissRebecca Dudley.-Henry C. Thompson, formerly ofBourbon county, sold to Judge W. C.Taylor, of Clark county, his farm of350 acres, located on the Lexingtonpike, near Winchester, for a privatepriceMrs. Sallie Bedford Hedges, ofParis, purchased recently from theheirs of the late Mrs. Maggie" Morela1Td,"the old Moreland farm, located on the Louisville & Nashville,near Talbott Station, in this county,for the reported price of $120 anacre. The farm' contains about 150acres, and is surrounded by thelarge farm already owned by Mrs.Hedges.oASSIGNEE'S SALE.THE STOCK OF GROCERIES OF.W."E. HARP, IN THE DOW BUILD- ,ING WILL BE SOLD AT PUBLIC:AUCTION, .ON SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. AT 10:00 A. M. 'TERMS CASH.JAMES CLAY WARD,(It) ASSIGNEE.oPINK MEAT GEMSIf you want a good canteloupetry one otours.C. P COOK & CO. tB0UBB0N GUN GLUBOur .regular shoot was held Wednesday aftersoon. A light rain fellmost of the afternoon and it wasvery dark, which made target shooting" "very difficult. Only twelveshooters braved the weather. Allstayed until the fun was over. Several perfect scores of twenty-fivewere made. The trophy, a $10.00blanket or comfort, donated by TheLeader Department Store, was wonby Wm. Ardery. Watch "him fromnow on, as he has thrown away nis20 gauge gun, and is now using aI regular trap gun. ScoresSh(ShotAt BrokeBen Hisle 175G. L. Ray -175Dr. R. R. McMillan . .125Amos Turney. .. v" ..12516615111711311192,676648453823J. L. Dodge ,.10Alfred Clay 100Richard Jones. . "5j R H Hughes75Wm. Ardery 50H. M.-Roseberry 50Roxie Davis 50A. B. Perkins 25ROXIE DAVIS, Secto-NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)NEW HOUSE EOR SALENEW 7-R00K HOUSE COMPLETE; HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC ' LIGHTS, LOCATED OHNORTEL CLIFTON AYDnJI. ,. , BouiBor xnxraoKvJrAune hundred ana tnirty acres oijington, Tuesday. They were placedDEVELOPMENTS EXPECTED IN1 SHOPMEN'S STRTKEAdjustment of misunderstandingsand differences which delayed settlements of the railway shopmen'sstrike on some of the roads favorable to the Baltimore peace arrangement was apparent yesterday.There were rising hopes that BertM. Jewell, the shop crafts leader,h - - .,, . A,J"on xuin. ucuuai iiuca uiucicuunwhich prevented an agreement between striking shopmen and theroads which form the New YorkCentral system.These hopes were strengthenedwhen the Southern Railway, the Mobile & Ohio, controlled by JheSouthern, and the Monon - fell inline with roads accepting the Baltimore plan and signed the agreement. Reports of a general return towork by striking shopmen on roadswhich agreed to the Baltimore planbrought predictions by union leadersthat the estimated number of 50,000 strikers on various roads wouldbe double within a few days.Shop forces generally were estimated in railroad circles at about 85per cent of normal.ENGLISH HELD UNDER BOND OF- ' $3,000Richard English, of Paris, andhis alleged accomplice, Joseph Veal,of Louisville, who were arrestedMonday at noon in the lobby of theParis postoffice, by State NarcoticAgent Sheehan and. Sheriff M. PealeCollier, were given a hearing in theUnited States District Court, at Lex-8l. .unuer $s,uuu oona eacn, to appearfor trial in the U. S. Court to-morrow.Details of the arrest of thesemen were given in Tuesday's issueof THE NEWS. They were arrest-ed as English applied at the registry department for a C. O. D. pack-age, which, was afterward ascer-jtained to contain sixteen ounces ofmorphine, consigned to Englishfrom a New York supply house.SEED WHEATExtra quality Pennslvania Beard-jed Wheat, graded -61 from thresher,yieiaed 27 bushe)s to acre. Re -cleaned, 1.75 per bushel. CallJ. W. THOMPSON,(15-3t) Cumb. Phone 1006.FRANK .& CO,LADIES' OUTFITTERStWIRTER J IThe New Coats Envelope OneIn LuxurySlip into these new coats and see howluxurious they are luxurious of fabric,of silk lining, of styling. The longwaist, the straight silhouette and" -' graceful wrap effects make their debut- iin a score of delightful varia'tions.FRANK&CQ.LADIES'k i-i. &&."'- ?BASEBALLYESTERDAY'S RESULTSParis 8, Maysville 7. "Cynthiana 5, Winchester 2.'Lexington 5, Mt. Sterling 7.SATURDAY GAMESCvnthiana at. Mavaville. T " - ..'Mt. Sterling at WinohesCec. jk ( C" MLexington at Paris.'?SUNDAY GAMESMaysville at Cynthiana.Mt. Sterling at Winchester.Paris at Lexington. a .Here's quite the most amusing-base ball note we've happened onlately, taken from yesterday's Lexington Herald: ""The advancementof the Lexington club in the pennant race depends on the downfallof the Paris an.d Cynthiana clubs.The fact that the Studes have beenforced to meet the strong Cynthlamateam while the Bourbonites havebeen tackling the weaker clubs hasmade the Studies' advancement difficult." The Methodist church team metand defeated the Hutchison team onthe latter's grounds Wednesday afternoon, by the score of 10 to 8The game was pronounced one of thabest-played by amateur teams imCentral Kentucky.NEWS OF TE&COUMSSimon Gillispie, Millersburg merchant, was arraiened in Police Courtj-w ore Police Judge J. H. Stewart,w --- - -win Millersburg, on a charge of selling tincture of ginger, alleged tocontain -ninety per cent, alcohol.Gillispie was arrested by City Marshal Harry Linville, of Millersburg.He was fined $200 and given a sentence of thirty days in jail. Gilles-fpie has appealed his case to theBourbon Circuit Court.John Hundley, an itinerant evangelist, ran afoul of the game laws ofthe county and State, when he wentout hunting "blackbirds with histrusty automatic shotgun. He wasso unfortunate as to have as a wit-ness State Deputy Game Warden A.;W. Bullock, wno had a warrant issu-'ed for his -arrest. Hundley wasbrought before Acting County JudgeFrank P. Lowry, and fined $24 forhunting without a license. ,OUTFITTERS' 1 ; -t . fVr 1 ' -,;.x41&-1V-Ny..-,, - jtV5 .f- ?V- 2,jjw- . -"-i -. , syv"sb? 'x"-'f'"";F-'i--" v- .?-ri-ePAGE TWOTHEBOUfeBONNEWS,PARIS,; vFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 12Z4.9KENTUCKY 1i , jpwIIIfcEftTHE BOURBON NEWSZflriliiked 18P1--41 Years of Continuous PublicationMMifhed ETery Tuesday and'Pridayftr Tear $2.006 Months $1.00" Payable Cash in Advance.'SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner..Jfctered at the Paris, Kentucky,Ywtoffie as Mall Matter of thSecond Class.)OUR TOKEIGK KEPKESENTATIVES, ' .JTew York American Press Asso-tion. 'r Chicago Lord & Thomas."Pniladetphia IT. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta ICassengale Adv. Agency.Jinfcinnati Blaine Thompson Co"Louisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATES- rtDisplay 'Advertisements, $1.00 per,4mch for first time; 5.0 cents per inchjfich subsequent insertion.J,Itading Notices,, 10 cents per line-achissue; reading notices in blackyfe, 20 cents per line, each issue."Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.jLSpecIal rates for large advertisejaejitSiand yearly contracts.,The right of publisher is reservedztto ' decline any advertisement orather matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any- erroneous reflection upon the-character, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsfTHE BOURBON NEWS will be-gladly corrected if brought to theattention bf the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSThe luke who tweeks', A mandolinHad best be outWhen I come in.Beware of him who comes each day"To repeat smart things you may say;3e mighty sure that he will lookJFor a chance to give you the hook.Dry ofiicials say -that the filthiestbusiness in the world is the makingmoonshine whisky, and that oftenthe stuff has in it the toxins of de -raying animal matter. So that's ,- what you taste the next morning, istat?"Girls with red hair are said toiamake the best telephone operators.But they have a way of making thejperson at the other end of the line:red-headed, also. "Hello, Informa-Lion, what about this?"-Once we .barely got a peep-Just an ankle, trim and neat; .J3ut now, oh, boy, what a treatGlorious view, full knee deep.It is possible nowadays to buy for"lialf-a-dollar a soft collar which does.:not resemble a dishrag, but can the.-dishwashing husband afford at that3?rice to wear a soft collar whichr .does not look like a badge of hist. -servitude?"""Mohammed's idea of Heaven isreally out of date and behind theJinxes. The modern idea of ParadisedU a place where you can travel one2liundred miles on a gallon of gaso-Tline and travel at one hundred miles-,sm. hour without running into aijrspeed cop." To the people of Paris: The nextt-'iime one of those carefree, crazychauffeurs who break their necksJooking one way while they driveanother, nearly run you down, turnrsaround and yell after him: "Fliv--rverboob!"That's the name that-won a $100 prize recently offered by-the American Automobile Association. I3Pd rather be a Could BeI3Cf I could not be an Are,:For a. Could Be is a May Be""With a chance for touching par.r'd rather be a Has 'BeenThan a Might Have Been by farT2For a Might Have Been has neverbeeniBuJLa Has wTas once an Are.. " Honestly, we would make armighty poor reformer. We can't--think of one word of protest againstthe short skirt, the one-piece bath-"Jlng suit or the many other femininetfads which the paragraphers have-jnade their targets, lo, these many, -moons. To our mind the short:skirt is one of the most sensible and-sanitary articles of dress women3ia.V -ever worn and what differvence does it make anyway?.Anxious Subscriber inquires ofVthw department: "Is it proper, in-ood society, to gesticulate with a-fork in your hand?" Well, now,.Anxious, the observance required byooi breain does not altow geticl4atl02i witfi either kaife, Jork orw- ..... jAt aformalbanquet in .Louisville several yearsago a well-known business man lostan ear because his next door neighbor gesticulated around throughthe atmosphere with a knife thathappened to have a real .sharp cutting edge. Don't use a dinnerknife, either, - for a tooth-pick.'Sail wrong!Our friends, the country correspondents, frequently get in something with a humorous touch. Notethese:Richmond Aegis ter: "I wish tocorrect an item that appeared in theGilead news of a back paper. Theitem read as follows; 'Mr. and Mrs.Richard Estes are the proud parentsof a big girl.' I 'wish to simplystate that I am not married. ThatI happen to live at Round Hill andnot Gilead. So, Gilead writer, becareful from now on, put true itemsin you news and also 'write items inyour own community."RICHARD ESTES."Cynthiana Log Cabin: "Mrs. SarahStamper, after a few days visit toher daughter at Paris, is again hometo the delight of Clyde, who getstired of 'pork and -beans and saltrisinV "I very seldom kill people, excepting those who ask me "Is it hotenough for you to-day?" but I sometimes wish the United States Supreme Court would issue me a permit to use a .45 Colt automatic revolver for the good of the people.My first official acts would be tocall uponThe man or woman who readsaloud the titles on -the movie screen;who crunches peanuts or popcorn inthe movie house; who jumps up andclimbs all over you before the picture is ended; who whistles or singsin accompainment to the musicalnumbers; who who tells his or hercompanion all the incidents andscenes in -a picture, which "I saw inLexington" while you are trying toget interested in the movie andmany other nuisances.Other nominations for a perpetualopen season are in order. We'llaward fool-killing licenses for thebest lists.BOURBON WINNERS AT STATEFAIRBourbon county livestock breeders and exhibitors were prominentwinnprs nt Hip "RVrntiipL-v Rtofn T?nirlast week in the str0ngest livestocksi10w ever seen in Louisville. TheShorthorn show was verv Rood, butnot so large as usual.. Golf & Rice,of near Paris, were among the largest winners in the ' cattle shows.They showed their senior bull calfto first prize in the hardest class ofthe show. He is one of the bestprospects brought out for some time.TTp Tirill V0 ooi'riorl r qti1 t-Tinmn oft.oi t.m,.i, c.nmthis fall. Bourbon county mule exhibitors were awarded prizes as follows: John H. Marr, Paris, secondand fourth prizes on mare mule,three years and over; Mare mule,two years and over, John H. Marr,of Paris, first; Best mine mule, 'fiveyears or over, any size, John H.Marr, Paris, second and third prizes;Pair of matched mules in harness,any age or sex, John H. Marr, Paris,first; Best three mules, any age,either sex, owned by exhibitor, JohnH. Marr, Paris, first and secondprizes; Best pair of draft mules, anyage, size or weight, John H. Marr,Paris, .first and third prizes.Wm. G. Shropshire, of near Paris,won the $10,000" stake with hisfancy saddle "horse, Eastern Star,over a- large fiefd of competitors.Mr. Shropshire shortly after soldEastern Star to a New York business man for the reported price of?12,000.STATE CONVENTION "SUNDAYSCHOOL WORKERSThe Kentucky tate Conventionof Sunday School Workers will beheld at Winchester, October 3, 4, 5.All who nrf intprpstor? in PhfiationEducation are cordially invited and"by registering may become dele-'ates. Addresses will be deliveredby leaders in Sunday school workfrom several States including representatives from the various denominations. A trained choir of onehundred voices will furnish the'music and "each program will in -elude instructive Bible studies and, discussions pertaining to the better-ment of Sunday school activities.Every Sunday school is expectedto send delegates. For reservationof room write Mr. George E. Tomlinson, Winchester, Ky.For full information write Kentucky Sunday School Association,Rev. Geo. A. Joplin, General Secretary, 712 Louisville Trust Building,Louisville, Ky.EHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'streat Remedy, Radio-Active Mlwo,trco Mineral Water Bathi at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rate . Writ for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS.f5r- rMSf - -spoon in "the ' hand.U-m -' Milam, Imd."STNTftOVED UNIFORM INTERNATrOKAlSiindaySchoolT Lesson"(By REV. P. B. FITZWATER, D. D.,Teacher of English Bible In the MoodyBible Institute of Chicago.)Copyright, 1928. Western Newspaper Union.LESSON FOR SEPTEMBER 24REVIEW: THE EXlCE ANDRESTORATIONTHEDEVOTIONAL. READING Ps. 66:1-6,16-20.GOLDEN TEXT The Lord hath donegreat things for us: whereof we aVe'glad.Ps. 126:3. "PRIMARY TOPIC-Selected Stories Retolc. JUNIOR TOPIC How God Restored HisPeople.. INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICLeaders in the Restoration of Israel.YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICLessons From the Exile and Return.Two methods of review may be em;ployed to advantage.1. Character Study. Assign the outstanding heroes, of the quarter's lessons to members of the class and havethem to report. This assignment mustbe made the week previous, e. g. Ezeklel, the prophet of God; Daniel, thestatesman; Ezra, the teacher of God'sword, etc.2. Summary of Contents. This is agood method at all timesr"It can beadapted to different grades. The following isya suggested method:Lesson I. Before Ezekiel was commissioned as n prophet he was givena vision of the Almighty. After thathe was given an experimental knowledge of God's word he ate the bookdigested and appropriated its contents.An experimental knowledge of God'sword is essential.Lesson II. Because Daniel besoughtthe Lord he was. able to make knownthe king's dreain and interpret it. 'Ifany man lack wisdom, let him ask ofGod (Jas. 1:5).Lessen III. While Belshazzar and hislords were engaged in drunken revelrya mysterious hand recorded Divinejudgment. There is a day comingwhen men shall be Judged. Happy isthe man who has fled to Christ, for tosuch there Is no judgment (John 5:24).Lesson IV. Daniel's sterling worthbrought him fo the front he was elevated to be prime minister of the Persian empire. Moved by jealousy certain wicked men plotted his downfall.Because of a flawless record in business they trumped up a charge againsthim on the ground of his foreign religion. Though the king executed thefoolish decree Daniel was deliveredand his accusers were cast into the denof .lions and destroyed.Lesson V. Though Israel went intocaptivity as a chastisement of theLord, in due time He recovered them.God's covenant and judgments aresure. He can move a heathen king tofreely -fulfill His own good pleasureand purpose.Lesson VI. In the restoration of thepeople to their own land, the first thingnecessary was the provision of a placefor the worship of God. As soon asthis work was begun, violent opposition was in evidence. That -which Godsets out to do shall be completed,though all hell oppose.Lesson VII. Haman's wicked plotagainst the Jews was frustrated byEsther's shrewdness and courage.Those who plot against and hate God'scovenant people shall be brought to de- nstruction.'Lesson VIII. Through Zerubbabel thepeople were brought back and established In their own land, but they hadgone far away from God. -There wasnow need of a religious leader. Ezrawas moved by the Spirit of God to leadthem back to "fellowship. BecauseEzra sought the Lord his way wasprospered. Success always comes tothose who trust God. "Lesson IX. When Nehemiah heardof the distress" of his brethren at Jerusalem, he took the matter 'to theLord In prayer. Their sorrow and distress was his sorrow and distress. Isany afflicted, let him pray (Jas. 5:13).Lesson X. When Nehemiah began.the rebuilding of the walls of Jeru-!?len he f violent opposI-tlon from without ana from within.His faith in God moved him to gostraight on with the work and he hadthe joy of seeing the work completed.Lesson XI. The method used inbringing back the people to God wasthe word of God. Because God's wordj was made Plain to tne People theyrepented of their sins and renderedobedience to God.Lesson XII. Malachi as an aid toNehemiah in effecting reforms pointedout the sins of the people, viz: BaseIngratitude, a corrupt priesthood,,mixed marriages, robbing God by withholding tithes, etc., pointing to a dayof judgment when righteous retribution would be meted out to the wickedand rewards would be given to thefaithful.Beginning the Day.If any man will come after Me, letWmTdeny himself, and take up hit,cross, and follow Me. For whosoeverwill save his life shall lose it and whosqever will lose his life for My sakeshall find it.Sing With Grace in Your Hearts.Let the word of Christ dwell in yourichly in all wisdom ; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms andhymns and spiritual songs, singingwith grace In your hearts to the Lord.Colossians 3:16." vBISHQPS FAVOR ELDCNlTIOir OF"OBEY"-The house of bishops of the Protestant ' Episcopal churchrin sessionat Portland, Oregon, voted in favorof taking the word "obey" out ofthe marriage ceremony of thatchurch.. The bishops voted to referthe proposal to eliminate the phrase"with my worldly oods I thee endow" from the ceremony back tothe commission which had submitted it.The bishops were generally in favor of the phrase, but objected to itswording, it was said.The vbte to eliminate the word"obey" was 36 to 27. If the houseof deputies concurs in the action,the proposed change- will be madesubject to approval at the generalcouncil three years hence beifore becoming effective.WANTEDTwo women with automobiles forexceptionally pleasant work in andnear Paris. Business experience notnecessary, but must have good personality, -and be able to devote fivehours a day to work. To such a woman can offer position paying $6.00per day. State age and experience,if any, in first letter.(22-2t)NOTICEMiss Elizabeth Giltner, teacherof Piano and Violin. Term opensSeptember 4, 1922. Studio at CitySchool, Paris, Ky.(sept l-4tF)Salesmen Wanted!IF YOU HAVE A CAE ANDABILITY TO SELL THE FARMEESAND LAEGE PEOPEETY OWNEESA STEONG AND WELL KNOWNLINE OF MEECHANDISE DIEECTFROM FACT0EY TO THE USEESON EEGULAE MEECHANT'STEEMS, Y0UE CAE AND OUESALES CONTEACT WILL BEINGYOU IN ONE HUNDEED DOLLARSOR MORE PER WEEK SELLINGOUR LINE IN YOUR COUNTY INKENTUCKY, TENNESSEE ANDSOUTHERN OHIO. -WE HAVE NOSTOCK SCHEME OR FINANCIALINVESTMENT OUR SELLINGOUTFIT IS FREE WHAT WEWANT ARE MEN WHO WILLWORK AND SELL OUR GOODS. IFINTERESTED WRITE I. J. DOWDY828 NINTH STREET, WASHINGTON, D. C, OR CALL TO SEE OURKENTUCKY MANAGER, E00M 211CITY NATIONAL BANK BUILDING,LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY.(19-2t)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTNathan H. Bayless' Devisees, . .PlaintiffsVs. Notice of JSale.Mrs. George Waite, Etc. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale, rendered atthe June term, 1922, of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onMONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1922,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., at the iront door of the CourtHouse in Paris, Kentucky, will sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder, the following" described;real estate:Beginning in the middle of theHume and Bedford turnp'ike at O,and to corner to No. 3, and running therefrom with the middleof said turnpike N 84 3-4 W 52.88poles to B; thence S 48 3-4 W71.52 'poles to C, a corner to Jas.Ferguson; thence S 5 1-2 W 12.08poles to D, stone corner to same;thence N 86 1-4 E 23.60 poles toE, a stone corner to same; thenceS 9 3-4 E 56.24 poles to F a stonecorner to same; thence N 87 W4.12 poles to G, a stone corner tosame; thence S 4 W 95.32 polesto H, a stone corner to same inWright's line; thence withWright's line S 84 1-2 E 70.76poles to P, a stake corner to No.3; thence with line of No. 3 N 4E 210.40 poles to the beginningand containing 98.25 acres.Said sale will be made uponcredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondsfor equal parts of the purchasemoney, each due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively 'and bearing interest at the rateof six per cent (6) per annum,from date of sale until paid, saidbonds to have the force and effectof judgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof a division among the parties inInterest, the widow having consentsed to accept the cash value of herdower in lieu of an allotment Inspecie.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner, B. C. C. 'Fish That Swims on Its Back. iThe "glofoefish, an inhabitant oftropical waters, Is said to be the onlymember of the finny tribe that swimaon its back.NOTICEAllnersons holding claims againstthe eJ5lte of T, P. Woods, deceased,are hereby notified to present sameproperly proven as required by law,to the undersigned Master Commissioner, on or before r November 1,1922. af ter -which time all claimsrfgainst said estate will be barred.Done pursuant to order of Court inthe case of T. P. Woods Estate vs.M. Li?' Woods, Etc.O. T. HINTON,M. C. Bourbon Circuit Court.(8-15-22rDUM .(-r'-OF-SALE OF BANK STOCKPursuant to an order of sale madeand entered in the Bourbon CircuitCourt at the June term, 1922, asadministrator of C. J-. Lancaster, Iw;ll sell to the highest and bestbidder, at the Court House door, inParis, Kentucky, on $MONDAY, 0CT0BEE 2,. 1922,at about the hour of eleven o'clocko'clock a. m., two shares of thejcapital SIOCK oi ine jjarmers auuTraders Bank, of Paris, Kentucky.Said sale will bemade for cashor upon a- credit of three months,for which the purchaser will be required to execute bond with goodand approved security, payable tothe undersigned as administrator ofC. J. Lancaster, and bearing interest at six per cent, per annum fromday of sale until paid.(Signed) FRANK M. BURTON,As Administrator of C. J. Lancaster.NOTICEI M 4"l lilAAVti'yt'i't'l'ii MlGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night137 . 299ftttMHOMinitltltHMUMHtMHIWIIIttlllllBENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sFor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"Try Us With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAny TimePRINTINGTHE NEWS JOBMtiiMiW MZai4fiilllte1vtWe HandleI ElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W.MAIN STREET872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin'needofERUITS,EGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONEOct. 2 to 14$90,000COmKentucky Futurity$21,000The May Day$13,000The Transylvania$5,000GREAT RACESEvery Day(22-29)All WorkDclireredOn TimeDEPARTMENTAll Kinds ofNoveltiesSPICERDPP." COURT HOUSE, f.evfl'BshrikBVEsl3cVBSBSSrirMimiiiiimi MiMiiiiMiiiiimmuiiin2--" -L S.'IHV- "-'l.:"c5Ci 4-1- r--v-f i. -" --."-" -4Sr tffi5tVA i: V sfs -- FRipAJltSSPEMP22r-'1922"" '" ' f. ! l"THE BOURBON .NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKIpact them.. s.9,1'1111cigaretteThey areGOOD!JfflRMWBWlbFINDS AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF BARTON W. STONE(Paris Cor. Lexington Herald)On the eve of another conventionof the Christian denomination to beheld at old Cane Ridge church, September 29, a number of items of interest concerning the history ofihis spot, the birthplace of theChristian church, and one of itscelebrated founders, the Rev. BartonWarren Stone have been revealed.A book published in 1847, entitled,"The Biography of Elder Barton W.Stone, Written by Himself; withAdditions and Reflections by ElderJohn Rogers," has been found byCourtland Leer among a collection ofold works, part of the private library of his father, the late C. C.Leer.This work, winch so far as cam.be learned is the only one of itskind in existence, establish.es amongother points about which there hasbeen much conjecture, the locationof the pulpit from which the pioneer minister preached at the famous open air meeting which washeld at Cane Ridge in 1801, when,according to his own statement andthat of Captain Rogers, who laterwrote a history of this church, between twenty and thirty thousandpersons were present. . mc This same volume, in an accountof Elder Stdhe's last visit, in 1843,to Cane Ridge from his .home inHannibal, Mo., written by ElderRogers, after Elder Stone's death,states that he held a meeting inthe old Cane Ridge church, whichwas crowded to its capacity, and after his sermon, "supported by twobrethren, he walked to the housewhere he had put up. On their way,when they had got to a certain;point, he stopped them. Said he,"About this place stood the standfrom which nearly a half centuryago, I used to preach to the people." jHe turned around and looked earnestly at the old meeting-house, thegrave yard and the surroundinggrove, and with emotion he said,"I shall see this place no more,"The context shows that the placereferred to is located about sevenyards from the entrance of thechurch, just before reaching the oldlane between the church and the F.P. Colcord residence, where he wasbeing escorted. The house referredto is the present residence of SamClay.Another interesting fact broughtto light by this biography is thathis first wife, who was his helpmateduring his ministry in Kentucky,was buried in a graveyard on hisold homeplace, not far from CaneRidge. The monument erected toBarton W. Stone states that hisbody is at rest beneath the stone,but those interested have for manyWOMAN TOOWEAK TO WALKyears been unable to locate " thegrave of his wife. -.A few days ago I. W. Bush and.Courtland Leer, of Paris, discoveredMrs. Stone's grave m the Wassongraveyard in Bourbon 'cp.uncyv'Theywent first to the-home of J. A. McConnaughhay, a Confederate veteran,-8 6 years old, who lives near theNicholas county line on Hinkstoncreek. Mr." McConnaughay toldthem that it was thought the wife ofthe Reverend Stone was buried inin what is known as the Wassongraveyard, on the farm now ow"nedby Jack Smith on the Jackstdwjiroad. The three together, after somehunting "among the weeds, discovered an elegant old headstone in theshape of a casket with a stone coverupon it. It was moss-covered likethe rest of the stones in the graveyard, the remainder of which wereall apparently markers of the Wasson family. After cleaning off thetop by means of a rough rock, thefollowing inscription was discovered: Here lies Elizadaughter ofWilliam and TabithaCampbell, wife ofElder B. W. Stone.She was born in 1781, .Married July 2, 1&01and died May 30, 1819.Dedicated as a mementoto the deceasedbyC. C. Moore and Maryhis wife,1850.''Mr. McConnaughhay stated thatthis stone was the work of the engraver and marble worker, Joel T.Hart.Mr. McConnaughhay stated thatElder Stone's body was placed beside that of his first wife when itwas first brought to Kentucky fromHannibal, Mo., where his secondwife is buried, but that some timeafter the civil war it was exhumedand removed to the present restingplace in the graveyard at the CaneRidge church. He is not clear op,the dates. i - ' ' 'Elder Stone, in his book, says thathe purchased the property now owned by Jack Smith, from the Stateof Virginia for about $12 an acre,but that after his first wife's deathhe broke up housekeeping for a fewmonths arid then married Celia M.Bowen, daughter of Captain William Bowen and Mary, his wife, ofnear Nashville. He and his wifewent to the old place to keep housefor a year, after which they wereinduced by his wife'a parents tomove to JNasnville. He soldhis farm for about whathe paid for it and started to build a. home on a piece ofground in Tennessee, which he supposed belonged to his wife, but after getting it partly finished he wasinformed by his wife's people thatthe land was in their name, nothers, and that they did not intendto convey it to her during their lifetime. Elder Stone and his wife then leftTennessee and came back to Bourbon county, Kentucky, with the intention of repurchasing his old,nlace. but found upon his returnthat the price had risen to $30 anacre, which he was unable to pay.He then secured a position teachingin a high school at Lexington wherehe remained for about two years,during which time he also joined aclass in Hebrew, which was beingtaught by a Prussian doctor.About 1815 Elder Stone moved toGeorgetown, which at that time, hestates, "was notorious for irreligionand wickedness." In Georgetown heacted in the double capacity of Principal of the old Rittenhouse Academy and as a minister of the gospel.He states a little later on meeting"Brother Alexander Campbell" whenhe came into Kentucky.PERSONALSHancockwillto herNow Works Nine Hours a Day.Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound Restored Her StrengthUnion Village, Vt. " I was weak andnervous and all run-down. I could notwalk across the floorwithout resting andI had been that wayfor weeks. I saw youradvertisement in thepaper and after taking, one Dome oiLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound 1 felt the goodil was aomg me anaI took seven more inall. Before I finishedI was able to worknine hours a dav in a steam laundry. Icannot say too much in favor of yourmedicine. I trust all sick and sufferingwomen will take it. It has been two yearssince I took it and I am strong and well. ";-Mrs. L. A. Guimann, Umon Village,VermontThis is only one of such letters we arecontinually publishing showing whatLydia E. Pinkham has done for women,and whether you work or not Mrs.Guimann's letter should interest you.Many women get into a weak, nervousrun down condition because of ailmentsthey often, have. Such women shouldtakeLydiaE.Pinkham'i Vegetable Com-Eound at the first sign pjf trouble. Goodealth is necessary and this splendidmedicine will help jam to keep it.I IIBssJpppj IWmp' ilMrDYE STOCKINGSOR SWEATER INDIAMOND DYES"Diamond Dyes" add years of wearto worn, faded skirts, waists, coats,stockings, sweaters, coverings, hangingSj draperies, everything. Everypackage contains directions so simple any woman can put new, rich,fadeless colors into her worn garments or draperies even if sh'e hasnever dyed before. Just buy Diamond Dyes-1 no other kind thenyour material will come out right,because Diamond Dyes are guaranteed not to streak, spot, fade or run.run. Tell your druggist 'whetherthe material you wish to dye is woolor silk, or whether it is linen, cotton or mixed goods. (adv)-1 o "ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abiff stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andart absolutely free frost, lint. Youearn buy from one tova case. Let ustare trial order.(Il-ft) 1. THMOURBQN NSWf.Mrs. Harry H.leave this week for a visitparents, in Cleveland, Tenn.Mrs. G. W. Hanson, of Richmond, is a guest of her daughter,j Mrs. J. A. Orr. on Stoner avenue.Mrs. S. C. Muir, of Bardstown,will arrive Friday to be a guest ofMiss Olivia Orr, on Stoner avenue.Edward Guilfoyle has returnedto his home in Dayton, Ohio, aftera visit to Mrs. Julia Jordan, in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon willleave oh September 24, for a visitwith Mr. and Mrs. Otis Bacon, formerly of Paris.Miss Harriet Rogers has goneto Mt. Holyoke, Mass., where shewill be a student-teacher in the Mt.Holyoke Academy.Mrs. Floyd Hyatt and two children have returned to Winchesterafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. ClaySutherland, of South Main street.Mrs. Gorman Bickerstaff, ofBrandenburg, Ky., is guest of herbrother, Mr. C. M. McGehee, at "Mapleside," on the Maysville pike, nearParis.Mrs. Byron McMurtry, of Cyn-(thiana, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.bantord M. Allen, of Millersburg, isvery ill at the Harrison Hospital, inUynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Campbellhave returned to their home in Baltimore, after a visit to the former'ssisters, Mrs. Chas: P. 'Mann and Mrs.Pearl Deaver.Mrs. Mary Powell and son, Edward Powell, have returned to theirhome in Richmond, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Harry Collins, at theirhome on Eighth street.Alex Rice, Jr., of Paris, has reentered the University of Kerftucky,at Lexington, for his junior year."Chuck" will, as usual, shine as astar on the University' football team.Louisville Courier - Journal:"Mr. and Mrs. Virgil M. Chapmanhave returned to Paris after a shortvisit to Mr. and Mrs. Chas. W. Milliken, having come to attend theState Fair." "Miss Mary Catherine Doyle hasmatriculated at St. Mary's College ofthe Woods, in Indiana. She was accompanied by Mrs. Martin Doyleand Miss Kate Lenihan, who spentseveral days at the College.Mrs. Mary McClelland, of PortoRico, is a guest of her brother, Dr.J. T. Brown, at his home on Mainstreet. Her son is the representative of the United States in the Horticultural Department in Porto Rico.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Collins andthree children, of Versailles, andMr. and Mrs. Ira Wash and son, ofFrankfort, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Holland at their home nearParis, - m-.w ,-j-i--" Mrs. Harry Booth and MissFlorence Fee, who have been guestsfor some time of their parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Fee, on Fifth street,have returned to their homes inMontgomery, Alabama, and Washington, D. C, respectively.Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Brown anddaughter, Miss Frances Brown,hav returned from a visit with Mr.and Mrs. P. R. Myers, at Davenport,Iowa. On their return they stoppedover at Detroit, for a visit to relatives. Mr. Myers is a student at theSchool of Chiropractory, at Davenport. Miss Alphonsine Stewart, ofAshland, en route to Lexington, toenter the University of Kentucky asa student, stopped over in Paris andspent several days as guest of hercousin, Frank E. Faulkner, and Mrs.Faulkner. Miss Stewart has been astudent at the Mary Baldwin Seminary, in Staunton, va., tor tne pstthree years.Miss Mildred Batchelder, ofSandford, Maine, is a guest of MissIrene Bramblette, at her home onFithian avenue. Miss Batchelderwas guest of honor yesterday afternoon at an informal tea given byMiss Bramblette, the hours beingfrom four to six. A number ofother social functions are beingplanned in honor of Miss Batchelder,a most attractive young woman.Miss Ida Rankin will leave September 30 for Louisville, where shewill enter the School for the Blind..Miss Rankin expects to complete hercourse of studies this term, whenshe will enter the business world inher chosen profession, stenography.Though totally blind, she has hadunusual advantages, and is said tobe a remarkably bright young woman.HANCOCK PUECHASE ENGLISHHORSESMr. Arthur B. Hancock, masterof Claiborne Farm, near Paris, who,with Mrs. Hancock, and theirdaughter, Miss Nancy Clay Han-cock, is making a stay in Continental Europe, was an attendant at thesale of yearlings, at Dorchester,England, this week. The chiefAmerican buyer was Walter J. Salmon, of New York, but Mr. Hancock, and Hal Price Headley also secured several choice youngsters.Mr. Hancock obtained the filly byWhite Eagle-Orris, for $2,500- afine colt by Volta-Parakeet, f or $1,750; and the black filly by BlackJester-Easter Beauty, for $1,250.Mr. Hancock also purchased for afriend a fine colt by Gay CrusaderPort Sunlight, for $8710. Thehorses will be shipped to the UnitedStates on "The Menominee" in thenext few weeks.oBABE FLOWER BLOOMS ONCE AYEAR.(Lexington Herald)The night-blooming cereus, aplant rarely seen in this section ofthe country, bloomed Wednesdaynight in the yard of Mrs. T. C. Talbott, 401 North Broadway. Theplant blooms only once a year, atnight, and closes up the followingmorning.The flower in full bloom wasabout eight inches in diameter andin form similar to the magnoliablossom. The petals, which werevery symmetrical in form, wereshaped to leave an opening in thecenter. In this opening was a starwith 16 points, directly behindwhich the stamen formed what resembled a cradle nestling beneath acanopy of threadlike stamen. Theinner petals were white with anouter ring of pink petals forming abackground.One of the most striking featuresof the plant is that the leaves growone from another and the flower,the stem of which was one-half inchin diameter, sprung from one of theleaves. The plant, Mrs. Talbott said,is six years old, this bejng the second time it has bloomed.The fragrance of the blossom,which also is similar to that' of themagnolia bloom, could be detectedfrom the street in front of the houseand a number of persons were thusled to stop and inquire about theflower, as it is not like the fragranceof any other flower commonlygrown in this vicinity.Mrs. Talbott said she would endeavor to preserve the bloom byplacing it in alcohol.olifer Faithful FriendWe welcome the accounts of women and urge everyhusband to start a bank account for his WIFE. Many aman has been saved from financial disaster because hiseconomical wife had tucked away money and had it onhand for a time-of urgent need. And then every womanshould have a bank account and know how to handleaffairs, because there is one chance out of two that shemust some day rely on herself.We will welcome your account.Bank & TrustPeoplesCompanyFREE TICKETSTo Paris Grandand AlamoOHIOii,T0 VOTE ON "WET"AMENDMENTOhio, at the November election,will vote on a State constitutionalamendment to legalize the manufacture and sale of light wine andbeer. The State Supreme Court ordered Secretary of State Smith toplace the proposal on ballot- in amandamus action brought by theAssociation Opposed to Prohibition,sponsors of the amendment, afterthe secretary had refused to certifythe amendment for a vote. The Anti-SaloonLeague will appeal to theUnited States Supreme Court.oThe only worthy tribute toa sawis sawdust.When you feel ffinervous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills sggWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Props., Cleveland. O.For Sale ByOBEEDOEEEE, THE DRUGGISTSave Your Wrappers FromAmerican Beauty, Mother's andSalt Rising BreadOur Bread can be bought at the following placesA. S. A. WILSON PETE MASONROBERTS' GROCERY VINCE SHORESPIGGLY WIGGLY F. WILLIAMSGRANT OWSLEY & CO. ' GEO. WILLIAMSC, MARSHALLIf Your Groceryman Does Not Handle Our Bread WeWill Deliver to Your Home.For 15 Wrappers We Gives, You 1 Adult TicketFor 5 Wrappers We Give You 1 Child's TicketREDEEMABLE AT .PARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, Manager(Other Personals on Page 5)PAY TAX OR GO TO JAILCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4r WHITE BARBERS 4Modern EquipmentExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSINTERURBAN TIME. TABLEDogs of Bourbon county, takecare, or the Sheriff will get--you.That is the warning thatis beingbroadcasted throughout all the sections of the county.For the law says, and says plainly, free from all frills and furbelows,that any personwho owns, or whoharbors upon his premises, any dogfor whom a license has not beennaid. shall be subject to a fine of$100 or a sojourn of three monthsin the county lockup. That law wasdesigned to get the rich and pooralike, hetfce the jail provision.The City and County Boards ofEducation are in need of funds withwhich to operate the schools thisyear, aftd every little bit will help.And part of, this fund will be derivj ed from the license taxT on dogf .Paris toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:0511:0512:051:052:053:054:055:056:057:058:1510:05a. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.a. Kp. "m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. nvLexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.7 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m." 2:00 p. m.3:00 p. in.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.,7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.60c: Ticktt Pare, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Ticket!, iinfle trip, or inquantitiei, date unlimited, aold between allt points- at reduced rate.EorrtKXY TiAcnoir th-" HWAL CO.Place Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsBourbon Nurseries11:55 p. m.Cash Fare,AN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAY.:WwW;r.'hH- . Vf 'tJi""J.?h&.iIII-IHFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXES;tiitaIft:.l A' M'r m9-.Gl ' Mt m H?n "iixIMfcNBourbon News Advcrtifcrtuet KetHkk- - z ,rT,- 4- KSI ,-I- .ioriTHEBOURBONNEWS. rPARIS. p KElNfTUCKY,r- FAGE FOURFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER, 1922hifIfflA MECHANICAL MAEVELJDo you know that in your basement you have one of the mechanical marvels of the last century?It is the gas meter; the littlefclack box, whose dials the meterman reads each month. Inventedby "William Richards in 1844 seventy eight years ago. Inventors havestriven to improve it. Only a fewminor improvements upon it have sofar been possible.The gas meter is declared to beone of the most accurate and positive measuring devices ever invented. Put 100 of the best watchesagainst 100 meters in a test for accuracy, exposed to the same varyingconditions of heat, cold and humidity and the meters will win outevery time. -MATRIMONIALA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go By xREPORT OP THE CONDITION OP THEBOURBONAGRICULTURAL BANK & TRUST GOdoing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 15th day of September, "1922.RESOURCES,.'Loans "and Discounts.. 1 $1,034,413.96Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 6,621.55Stocks, Bonds and other Securities A ... . 37,156.00Due from-Banks. . .; . . . 90,382.53Cash on hand t- 23,520.44Checks and other cash items " . .- .. . . . 298.43Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures " 15,000.00, - -t Total .:. .-$i,207,392.91LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash. . .' .. ..$ 200,000.00Surplus Fund .- '. .. 125,000.00Undivided Profits.'less expenses andtaxes paid.. ...... 47,576.27Deposits subject to check '. .$590,682.59 ,Demand Certificates of Deposit .... 3,637.50Time Deposits. 215,271.54 809,591.63Due Banks and Trust Companies '.. .... 206.61Heserve for taxes 25,018.40Total $1,207,392.91STATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set."We, Sampel Clay, and Buckner Woodford, President andCashier of the above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the abovestatement is true to the best of our knowledge and belief.SAMUEL CLAY, Presidnt.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier,Subscribed and sworn to before me this1922.B. J. SANTEN, Notary Public.IVIy Commission Expires December 27, 1923.21st day of September,PEOPLES-DEPOSIT RANK TRUST GO.doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on .15th day of September, 1922.RESOURCESLoans and Discounts. . $1,102,049.02Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 11,855.42Stocks, Bonds and other Securities. . ........ . . 10,500.00Due from Banks A. .. . .' .. .... .. 79,427.75Cash on hand '-.. .. 21,986.10Checks and other cash items.-: !. ..... .. 5,911.81Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures - 12,001.00Other assets not included under any of above heads . . . . 217.50. . !tigm -Total $1,243,948.60LIABILITIESCapital Stock tpaid in, in cash $ 150,000.00Surplus Fund.' . 100,000.00Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 34,190.47Deposits subject to check $670,067.56Time Deposits 286,044.49Cashier."s Checks outstanding . . . 2,073.78 . 958,185.83Due Banks and Trust Companies 1,572.30Total .. '.$1,243,948.60JTATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set.We, S. E. Bedford and C. K. Thomas, President and Cashier of theabove' named bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is .trueto the best of our knowledge and belief. .S. E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Subscribed "and sorn to before me this 21st day "of September,-1922.NELLIE FARRELL, Notary Public.My Commission expires January 23, 1924.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEFARMERSIdoing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of. Kentucky, at the close of business on 15th day of September, 1922.RESOURCESLoans and Discounts $318,779.81Overdrafts, secured and unsecured .. 1,832.49Stocks, Bonds and other Securities.. .. ..... 5,300.00Due from Banks ." . .. .. .. 35,682.21Cash on hand ." -. v 11,544.38Checks and other cash items ' ,. ... .. 3,905.39Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures 100.00Other Real Estate 26,233.12Total..-.. ..... :. ..$403,377.40LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash.. : -. . ..$ 60,000.00Surplus Fund '. .'...... 26,000.00Undivided Profit, less expenses and taxes paid V. . - 469.52Deposits subject to check $220,325.59Time Deposits 57,854.85 278,180.44Due Banks and Trust Companies ". . . 4,727.44Dills Payable ..-., .'. . . 34,000.00. - The following announcementshave been received in Paris by relatives and friends of the groom, whoformerly resided here:"Mr. and Mrs. Charles .Kehlannounce the marriage "of their" - daughterEmily Dorothyto -Mr. Charles Landen TemplinSaturday, the sixteenth ofSeptember,Nineteen hundred and twenty-two,Danville, Pennsylvania.""At Home j aafter the first of October,810 North Boulevard,Richmond, Va." "'BIRTHSi-In this, city, to. the wife of Jas.Wagorier, a daughter, christened Adaline Jewell. Mrs. Wagoner was before her marriage Miss Nina Waugh,of .Carlisle. .ICE CREAMREPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THERANKIN SEXTONGeorge W. Sexton and Mrs.Lela Rankins, both of Nicholascounty, came to Paris, Wednesday'afternoon, and secured a marriagelicense: from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton. They were afterward married by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch, in. the private office of JudgeBatterton, in the court house. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Sexton returned to the home of thegroom, wno is engaged in tarmingnear Carlisle.oSTERLING BILL AT THE ALAMOAND GRAND 'Smith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.WANTEDWhite woman to do cooking andhousework. Four miles in country.Call Cumb. Phone 48 6 J. (It)"The Night Rose," a new .Goldwyn melodrama from the pen of thefamous novelist, Leroy Scott, will beshown at the Alamo and GrandMonday afternoon and evening.Lon Chaney, who will be remembered for his remarkable characterization of a legless thug in the Goldwyn production of "The Penalty,"has the leading part in "The NightRose." All the other leading partsare filled by such sterling players asLeatrice Joy, Betty Schade, EdytheChapman, John Bowers, Cullen Landis, Maurice B. Flynn and RichardTucker."Forbidden Valley," featuringMay McAvoy and Robert Gordon atthe Alamo and Grand Friday .afternoon and evening, is said to be amountain tale' of feuds and romancethat is different.The story of "Forbidden Valley"is concerned with the last fight between two families who had beenenemies for generations. There hadbeen peace for fifteen years becauseall the Mitchells were dead exceptone, and he had gone from the valley.v Romance and vivid imaginationhave been brought to. life on thescreen in the latest tale of Gbuverneur Morris, "Yellow Men andGold," a Goldwyn picture, whichwill be presented at the Alamo andGrand Saturday afternoon and evening. It is a tale of action in whichthe incidents carry the players halfway across the ocean o a lostisland: A hunt for treasure thatRobert Louis Stevenson would havedelighted in, developed so manytwists and turns that every momentis crowded with excitement.WANTEDTwo women with automo'oiles forexceptionally pleasant work in andnear Paris. Business experience notnecessary, but must have good personality, and be able to devote fivehours a day to work. To such a woman can offer position paying $6.00per day. State age and experience,if any, in first letter.(22-20.$403,377.40Total.STATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set.We, Frank P. Kiser and W. W. .Mitchell, President and Cashier ofthe above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement istrue to the best of of our knowledge and belief.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.- Correct-r-Attest:. J D. McCLINTOCK,?-L.-;L fi-S" imi.'.' ' . " "' '"' 'JXXXV.A ,.t'v --T"vv '-i-1 i- " . , r. i... ' Vx. iV. JUlNJiiS, "-."! :-"""" : . , . Directors.Subscribed and syr6rriylo before me. this 21st day -o$33ept; "1922.JNO. - W. YERKKS, 'Notary' -Public' . T ':yCf Commission Expires March 25, 1923 a- ' " - r; , ,-'V"'Public Salei -OFBayless Farm!On October 2, 1922,at about 11 o'clock, at the frontdoor of the Court House, in Paris,Kentucky, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell publicly theNathan Bayless farm, situated inBourbon County, on the Hume andBedford pike, about three milesfrom- Paris and about two milesfrom the interurban line. This farmcontains 984 acres, and has thefollowing improvements: One fourroom cottage, with good cistern atdoor; one three-room tenant house;one six.-acre. tobacco barn; onestock barn, air in first-class condition. The farm is well fenced andwell watered. The land is in ahjgh state of cultivation, six acressown in rye, the balance 'in bluegrass and clover.Anyone interested may look overthe farm and all " the imnrnvp-ments at any. time before the sale.Mr. Nathan Bayless, acting asagent for the Bayless heirs, will beglad to show anyone interestedover the farm, ,and improvementsany time before the sale. '' - O. T. HINTON,Master Commisioner Bourbon- CircuitCourt. '- ''. h(2226,29) -,OAKDALEDORA. P. ADAIR & SONAre now selling both sexes, allages, from their pure-bred, at farmer's prices. Call early and getchoice.J?aris, Ky., Route 6, Box 69,01Phone, Shawhan Exchange., No.23-3 rings.(22-tf)f'THE BANK. OF SERVICE"4'ATOe Value of- Prestige 'v&3This bank has always realized tha1prestige could not be bought, norprocured except by honorable service. . 'The prestige we enjoy today arisesfrom our good reputation, and is a'business asset to those maintainingchecking accounts hereWhere do you bank?Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00?&fp&DEPARTMENTSTOREPARIS KENTUCKYSWILL GIVE AWAY FREE$5.00 in gold $5.00$5.00IN GOLDTo AnyonePurchasing aCOATSUITORDRESSAmounting to 125.00Or More onMONDAYTUESDAYWEDNESDAYSEPT 25 to 27Hh "-$5.00IN GOLDTo AnyonePurchasing aCOATSUITORDRESSAmounting to $25.00Or Over onMONDAYTUESDAY 'WEDNESDAYSEPT 25 to 27. tXJUST MAKE. YOUR PURCHASE AT REGULAR PRICE AND $5.00 IN"GOLD WILL BE GIVEN TO YOU FREEWE DO THIS BECAUSETHE LEADER WILL BE CLOSEDSATURDAY SEPTEMBER 23rdUNTIL SIX O'CLOCK: ON ACCOUNT OF HOLIDAYWE.MUST MAKE UP FOR TrUS LOSS OF A DAY"S BUSINESSSO WE OFFER$5.00IN GOLD GIVEN AWAY FREEA- --v's-1.-.;. V -- t-'riaV3KsXDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYS'-VsS-"2-22-rWfijB3&l---. .i- - .3&.tv'y-i JL--hi.C-l- - -a.Ti . . .-SftFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1922- """"'"""'fw&ftyfe,THE ,.B0URB0!f.NBW3;PERSONALS" QIPXS THAT LAST" 0B"ns an Goings of Some You""" mMu. uuicn xuuBANK CALL ISSUEDDont.State Banking Commissioner Jas. I Miss Laura Belle Smith is atp Lewis, Tuesday issued a call for a tending the University of Kentucky,statement of condition of all State at Lexington.tanks as of September 15. I Miss Hettie Whaley is in a Cin-m j cinnati "Hospital, where she is underWHIP-CORD SUITS (the care of a specialist.t j Mrs.Robert J. Neely will leaveThe most popular style suit for to-morrow for a visit to friends andfall wear. Here in many new styles, relatives in "Washington, D. C.qee our window display,J. W. DAVIS & CO.CLOSED SATURDAYOur store will he closed all daySaturday, September 23, on accountholiday." Open at 6 p. m.o'clock.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oDATES EOR "GIFT SHOP"J Dr. D. S. Henry and daughter,Miss Elizabeth -Henry, have, returned from a motor trip to Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Perry J. McCordhave returned from a visit to relatives in Akron and Cleveland, Ohio.Miss Ollie Butler has returnedfrom a week-end visit with Mrs.Clell Turney, at Cherokee Inn, Louisville.Mrs. John Bond and little son,of Nicholasville, are guests of Prof,and Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrick, on Hous-;rrua wnniPti of the Paris Christian ton avenue.church have reserved the dates of Mrs. Thomas A. Higgins, of.Friday and Saturday, December 8 : Seventh street, attended the funeraland 9, as the days on which they j and burial of Miss Kate Slavin, inwill conduct their "Gift Shop" tor , Lexington, Wednesday.holiday purchasers."JUDGE" IRELAND ON THE OHIOTRACKSJohn T. Ireland, of Paris, who isofficiating as judge at the Omaha,Xel)., race meeting, notified the offl-Mrs. W. P. Conner has returned to her home in Owingsville, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Harry 0.James, on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Thompson, of Paris, Mrs. John Stoll andlittle daughter, of Lexington, willmoior to Jbrencn jick springs, leaving to-morrow.:i o fonlo TTmp-hf flnfl TnlAfloUlcus hl ij-u.i.' .--0 .that he will preside as steward at Misses Dorothy and Bernicethe meetings to be held on thoseOhio tracks. fcPUBLIC SALE, SEPT 27.Harris, Speakes & Harris will sellpublicly on Wednesday, September27, the home of Miss Ella Dodson,on Brent street. A bargain forsomeone. Read the ad in to-day'sNEWS. (22-26)BALLOON ASCENSION HERE SATURDAY, SEPT. 23.Miss Stella Jaeger, world's mostdaring balloonist, will make an ascension in Paris, using three parachutes. Miss Jaeger leaps throughthe air from one parachute to theother descending to earth. She isthe only lady balloonist giving suchdaring exhibitions, and it will be ofgreat interest to see her. Everybodycome to Paris, Saturday, September23, and witness one of the most daring and thrilling areonautic actsever performed.oPURE LAlRD AT PHILLIPS', 500CANS AT $6.60 PER CAN500 cans Pure Lard at the specialprice of $6.60 per can. Call Cumb.Phone 481; Home Phone 594.PHILLIPS' MEAT MARKET,613 Main St., Paris, Ky.oCLOSED SATURDAYOn account of Saturday, September 23, being a holiday, my storewill be closed all day.JAKE ELVOVE.CHRISTIAN CHURCH SUPPERThe members of Old Union Christian churches will hold a box supper in the church yard, located onthe Russell Cave pike, near OldUnion, to-morrow (Saturday) evening, September 23, at 7:30 o'clock.Ice cream and cake "will also beserved. A cordial invitation is extended to all friends throughout thecounty to come and assist the ladiesin this worthy cause. The proceedsof the entertainment will be devoted to making needed repairs on thechurch building.nMAKE CLEAN SWEET AT STATEPAIROakdale Duroc pigs made a cleansweep at the State Fair last week.A. P. Adair & Son, of, near Paris,showed eight under-rsix-monthsPigs (all one litter) and took fifteen prizes, including four first andone Junior Championship on boarunder one year. The total amountof winnings on the eight pigs was$230. They are now selling Premi-jum Durocs of all ages at farmers'Prices. See their advertisement inthis issue of THE NEWS.WATERMELONSThey are as sweet as ever.C. P." COOK & CO.Bonar, Elizabeth Boston, FrancesShannon and Jennie Fisher, andRichard Metcalfe, of Millersburg,have entered the University of Kentucky, as students for the J1922-'23term .Miss Mabel Metcalfe will matriculate at Berea College.Lieut. Eugene Elder and Mrs.Elder, of Vail, New Jersey, and MissRuby Elder, of Paris, were guestsof honor at an informal party givenat Boonesboro Beach by Miss AnnaEnright, of Richmond. After a delicious picnic lunch, dancing was enjoyed until a late hour.The second dance in the seriesunder the auspices' of the Odd Fellows Dancing Club of Paris, .washeld in the Odd Fellows Hall, at thecorner of Main and Fifth streets,last night. A large crowd was present, and a most enjoyable time washad by all. The dance was incharge of the following committee:William Bowling, Arch H. Bedfordand William A. Lail.The twenty-fifth anniversary ofthe founding of the Daughters ofthe American Revolution organization in United States was observedTuesday afternoon by the membersof Jemima Johnson Chapter,, at"Auvergne," the beautiful countryhome of the Regent, Mrs. Cassius M.Clay, with an appropriate program.The lovely home was even more attractive in its decorations, whichadded a touch of the Colonial to theoccasion.The business session was devotedto submission of reports on variousphases of the organization's work.Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery made a reporton the subject of the memorial tablet and markers for Revolutionarysoldiers in the county, stating thatto date a total of two hundrednames had been listed. Mrs. Charlton Alexander gave a mostinteresting .report on the recent visit of the Chapter members to "Ashland," HenryClay's old home at Lexington, andof the relics and souvenirs of theGreat Commoner on display therefior the occasion. Mrs. W. B. Lafferty, of Lexington, .presented an interesting group of stereopticonviews, showing scenes and places ofinterest wihch figured in the timesof the Revolutionary War. Mrs.Cassius M. Clay, Regent, gave an interesting heart-to-heart talk on thework that had been accomplished bythe local organization, as well as theNational body. Mrs. Clay gave a resume of her two years' work as Regent of the Chapter, and stated thather heart would still be in the work,and that she would continue to labor for the "good of the order" after the expiration of her term ofoffice.With the conclusion of the program a reception followed, duringwhich the guests mingled in socialconverse. Following the receptionthe guests were seated at a largetable, whose chief decoration was alarge white birthday cake, surmounted by twenty-five white candles, emblematic of the twenty-fiveyears through which the organiza-WELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMO-. AND GRANDtion had passed, "and were served atempting menu. ' fcMiss Mary Tobin has gone toEustis, Florida, to spend the winter.Mrs. Lucy Duffey, of Paris, isvisiting the family of her daughter,Mrs. Charles Talley, in Flemingsburg. Mrs. Virgil Chapman gave aluncheon Wednesday at her home onDuncan avenue. -About forty guestsenjoyed the delightful hospitality.Mrs. C. H. Grannis and Mrs.Hanley Price have Returned to theirhomes in Ewing after a visit to S.E. McClanahan and Mack McClanahan and families in this 'city." Mr. and Mrs. Wm. F. Talbotthave returned from a week's stay atVerdun, in Powell county, wherefhey were members of a campingparty being entertained by Mr. andMrs. E. B. Sparks, of Lexington.Mrs. Sidney S. Ardery entertained yesterday with a luncheonbridge party in honor of her sister-in-law,Miss Margaret Ardery, whohas just returned from a years' stayin Colorado.Miss Irene Bramblette entertained with an informal tea yesterday afternoon, at her home in WhiteAddition, in compliment to her former schoolmate, Miss Mildred Batchejder, of Maine. About thirty guestspartook of the hostess' hospitality.Mrs. George White, who hashad a delightful visit with hercousin, Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, at"Auvergne," her lovely countyhome near Paris, returned Thursdayto her home in Washington, D. C. "The many friends of Mr. andMrs. Sanford M. Allen, of. Millersburg, are glad to hear of the greatimprovement in the condition oftheir daughter, Mrs. Byron McMurtry (Margaret Allen) who has beenseriously ill in the Harrison CountyHospital, in Cynthiana.The following from Paris andBourbon county attended the annualconvention of the Lexington agencyof the Mutual Benefit Life InsuranceAssociation, held in the LafayetteHotel, in Lexington, Wednesday afternoon and evening: Mr. and Mrs.Frank W. Sledd, Mr. and Mrs. JohnW. Jones, of North Middletown; Mr.and Mrs. James H. Shea, of Paris.In the evening a banquet was served in the dining room of the Lafayette. Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr entertained .Wednesday at "Elm Spring,"her handsome country home, on theGeorgetown road, near Paris, with aluncheon-bridge. This delightfulhospitality was in honor of Mrs.William Merritt Shobe, who leavesSaturday for her home in Salem, N.J.,, after a visit of several weeks toher mother and sisters, Mrs. HannahButler, and Misses Ollie and LorineButler, on Vine Street. There werefive tables of bridge. Mrs. JamesThompson won first prize, whichwas an antique brass .Quaker bell.The guest of honor received a beautiful Indian beaded bag. The consolatipn prize fell to Mrs. MillerWard, which was a box of correspondence cards. A delicious courseluncheon was served.(Othel Personals on Page 3)oCLOSED ALL DAY SATURDAYIVA.tPfQ , . .MMMfMrv ,! r---s w. . - - vr : tOur store will be closed all- daySaturday, September 23, on accountof holiday. Will open at 6 p. m.PRICE & CO.CLOSED SATURDAYOn account of Saturday, - September, 23, being a holiday, our storewill be closed all day, but will openat six o'clock in the evening.D.'FELD.WANTEDA book case. Call 1208 Cumberland phone. ,(lt)PLEASEREMEMBERWe Will Close Our StoreFor a HolidaySATURDAY, SEPT. 23UNTIL 6 P. M.Twin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS. KY.JTo-day, Friday, September 22Double Feature Day May McAvoyand Bruce Gordon, in "ForbiddenValley;" Wanda Hawley, in "TheLove Charm."To-morrow. Saturday. September23 Helene Chdwick and RichardDix, in "Yellow Men and Gold;"Pathe News; Al St John, in "Specialdelivery."Monday, September 25 CullenLandis, Leatrice Joy and Lon Chaaey, in "The Night Rose;" HarryMayers, in "The Adventure of Robinson Crusoe."Public Auction !WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 27th2 P. M., On the PremisesAs agents for the undersigned owner, we will offer for sale the7-ropm, 2-story frame house situated' on Brent street, on the abovenamed date. This property is in good condition, is lighted by electricity and has water in the yard.It is in a good neighborhood and close to the city car line. Atthe same time we will sell the lot (regulation size) adjoining theabove described property.For further particulars, apply toWe Close SaturdaySeptember 23r4tf.UNTIL 6 P. M.Vuon account ofHOLIDAYw vVKk( 5Shop Here Duringthe Week if Pos-siblenLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE55"..;,The Pullman Gives You an Extra RoomjWithout Increasing Your RentVERY family needs extra sleeping quarters in the home in case ofemergency. Unexpected visitors come; a nurse may be necessaryin any home at any time; you may wish friends to remain overnight or to week-end with you; you may wish to accommodate afriend or good neighbor for a night or two; the man of the family maywish a business friend remain over night, whatever the emergency oroccasion may be, a Pullman provides the extra sleeping quarters. 'Some families may want to rent out a room because of present high rents.SnTYiP families mav be movinsr into smaller aDartments with fpwr aWn.': SOME of the reasons for the immense popu-v . wX2Z-M?HAEEIS, SPEAKES & HABBIS, Agents. -Office,Gor. Sixth and Main, Farmers and Traders Bank.;!tfrT! ".tl..: 2 f Or MISS;IA TOJSQyrOifaerCing rooms these are bulHere is an opportunity to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport Bedthat match'es up with other furnishings in your home. You can get thesame designs, the same woods (mahogany, walnut or oak), the same comfort that you get in the finest stationary davenports.Here is a beautiful living room piece of furniture that is "a? handsome as" the finest davenport, as comfortable as the best bed" one that gives' double, or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture at the price ofone.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3C ' PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertaJdns-ns IfU?.VZvmwI--V -u. - CA,T-Vr- - " ' r; -.." c4j--r&"' 'Z S- -,tr i -i.--&r"' --hiHIIttjJ. ;i:iIFAG1 SIXisiiiiiMMa-s-TTPiTHE BOURBON 'NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKYT FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 192$- . - N -11 HI1''""''"1 'HIBH.15 - BIB BWBjl "'j""y? III I rMmj i ISPCtAWLACp1 Make You1 EAT BETTERI SLEEP BETTERI WORK BETTERpt FEEL BETTERI Ottt 30 Million Bottlu Sold Ir " i" if 3m t " --HEREFORD CATTLE AT STATE TOBEKLY PRODJCEKARKET ANDHATH, I JHUMBHU"TRINCE OF WALES IN MASONICCAREERC. O. Graves, well-known Hereford breeder from this -vicinity, tookhis show ""herd to the KentuckyState Fair in Louisville last weekand carried away a fine collection ofblue ribbons.Mr. Graves showed the Senior andGrand Champion Female of theShow, and in addition took threefirst and a thirdprize. First prizeswere won by the Graves herd in thethree-year-old cow, two-year-oldcow and aged herd classes.At the Kentucky Fair, nine exhibitors fron several States showedHerefords of high quality.Herefords are becoming more andmore popular throughout Kentucky.Because of their hardihood, theirresulting ability and their early maturing characteristics, Herefordsmake an ideal beef animal. Theyare in constant demand for finishingin the Corn Belt.Hereford feeder cattle ordinarilyoutsell any breed on the Chicagoand Kansas City markets. They areprofitable alike for the man whoproduces them and for the man whofeeds them.The 1920 census records 4,375registered Herefords in Kentucky.Rain -through most of the producing sections has 'improved pasturage, and gives promise of some increase in the " deliveries of cream.Prices show little change from lastweek. Dairy authorities suggestthat at this time of the year, whenthe grass is short, it is a good planto give the cows a little extra feed,both morning and evening, in orderto keep up the milk flow.The supply of fresh eggs is smaller, and good prices are being paid.There is an over-supply of heldstock and prices are not quite asfirm as last week. There is a largesurplus of eggs in cold storage.Poultry receipts have been aboutnormal for the season. The approaching Jewish holidays have increased the demand, with some advance noted for live poultry and amore satisfactory situation for dressed stock. Any large increase in themovement would probably be followed by some reaction in prices.oThe idea that sweat spoils beautyis one of the Devil's tricks for keeping folks homely.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine -rolls and can supply ,youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,ECZEMASauMoney back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve andSoap),fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Kintrwonni etterorotherltcning akin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.VARDEH & SON,Paris, Ky.Change of the Season!Your plans and changes .for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.' Residence rates from $1.50 to. $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedPatronize Bourbon News Advertisers.GREAT IMPROVEMENT IN COUNTRY NEWSPAPERS -Lots of public spirited citizens areinvesting in oil this summer, there-I by helping to keep the dust down.Masonic officers of the Nation'sCapital express much gratificationthat the future head of the British-Empire should find time in. his busyife not only to attend to his Masonic Lodge, but to become active inits councils.Lord Ampthill, of the GrandLodge of England, has announcedthat the Grand Master, the Duke ofCbnnaught, had appointed the'Prince of Wales to be the SeniorGrand Warden for the coming Masonic year.The first Prince of Wales to become a Mason was Frederick, son" ofGeorge II; and father of George III,rwho was admitted to the craft onNovember 5, 1737, at "an occasionallodge, held at the Prince of Wales'palace at Kew, near Richmond."The Dukes of York and Gloucester were initiated jn 1 7 66 and the.- Puke of Cumberland the year after,9X1 three then being given the brevet-Tank nf ps. grand Master-.The Prince of Wales was chosenGrand Master in succession to his'"iincle in 1790, and held the position iuntil 1813, when the place waBiven to his brother, the Duke ofSussex.oThe constant sale of bath-tubs indicates that anarchy is makingslight headway in. America.iDrWaddcllsPile Remedyport Softer Don't be Operatedft you hare tried Dr. Waddell'alaRnody. Absolutely harmless. GuariBftMd to give absolute satitfactiom orgtoaey rafufeded. $ 1.50 per bottle at yourImggiet If not write us.edicmeOISnuthsGroteJCv. - -BRICxHTERg,ftYJVmNVr?l19VE&ZWrJust HistoryIn no other field have greaterstrides been made in the last twentyyears than in the rural newspapersof Kentucky, and as a result thecountry press of the State nowranks in dignity and importancewith that anywhere.Time was and not so far back,either, when running a rural newspaper was an undertaking with returns nowise commensurate withthe time and effort expended in itsproduction. Many of the paperswere one-man affairs and the editor,who did everything from getting thenews to setting type to running offthe sheet on a handpress, was content to eke out a bare existence. Inthose days he had not asserted hisindependence.Then the editor was willing totake butter, eggs and country produce in exchange for subscriptionsand glad of the chance to realizeanything qt a "chips for whetstone"basis. "-"- . i-r.A transformation Has some andnow it is different with the ruraleditor. Instead of doing everythinghe usually employs a young womanstenographer and a business manager and his plant is equipped witha typeFetting Sacking End othermodern labor-saving devices. He nolonger is subservient to the politicalbosses, long since having told themwhere to "get off." He runs his paper on business principles and exerts a real power in the communityinfluenced by his circulation.What is better, the average ruralnewspaper in Kentucky is makingmoney and generally forward-lookingis doing a real service for theuplift and advancement of the State.Using the mixed metaphor of one ofthe Kentucky editors, "The countrypress is the bulwark of the State;long may it wave."o .FARMTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and InterestNO COMMISSIONS . NQ RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.KentuckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust BIdg.Lexington, Ky.LOANSCORROBORATIONOf Interest to Paris Readersu.I 71The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gnestiBy Coal Oilight. LAnd later on, " -Howtime does fastHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Sat the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Jut presses a buttonAnd has Electric light., For months Paris citizens haveseen in these columns enthusiasticpraise of Doan's Kidney Pills byParis residents. Would these prominent people recommend a remedythat had not proven- reliable?Would they confirm their statementsafter years had elapsed if personalexperience had not shown the remedy to be worthy of endorsement?The following statement shouldcarry conviction to the mind ofevery Paris reader.Mrs: John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with good results. I had a dull aching acrossthe small of my back and my kidneys acted irregularly. The use ofDoan's Kidney Pills rid me of thesecomplaints and I have faith enoughin them tUat should I ever need akidney remedy again I woul certainly use Doan's Kidney Pills."""Mrs. Mastin gave the above statement November 9, 1916, and on November 13, 1920, she added: "I stillhave the some good opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills as when I endorsed them before. I use them occasionally when I require a kidneytonic and they never fail to do megood."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Mastin had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.Paris Gas & Electric Co."" Mixed Characteristics.At a political gathering in Englandan orator waxing indignant said, "Toridicule the idea of this country beinginvaded is to follcw the example ofthe camel, which buries its head In thesand when an nemy approaches." Tlifcrival speaker rose antl retorted,"Surely the gentleman In giving uttef-I ance to this apothegm, must ttav6meant to refer to the ostrich which, Inthose circumstances, has a habit ofputting its fere through a needle."WHEN the FROSTYDAIS COMEWhen the frosty days come will you be prepared with the best heatersfor your home that money will buy?Our lines include the very best known heaters, either for gas or coal, allnationally recognized as the foremost brands in America. The Packer'sDuo-Radiant Gas Heater, the Radiant "Home Gas Heater and the NewProcess are heaters that are indeed the best in their class. The SunrayGas Heater as a reflector does not have a superior of its kind. Thenthe famous Radiant Home Coal Heater to heat the whole house or theCole's Hot Blast for three or four rooms will certainly please you. OurStove Depari!ent i the largest department of it kind in the State. Wedevote one whole floor 2 9H! !arSe MW!11? entirely to stoves all theyear round.feSr""' -,ADuQ"RadiaritGas HeatersRadiant HomeGas Heatersn w3wjS2pJp4hThe Packer's Duo-Ra4iit has a fire clayback that radiates the heat to the floorwith a pure-blue flame that is the mostsevere heat production known in gasheater construction. A small size 'willheat a very large room with the minimums rroo nnmcnmnfinn- T'Viav nnci n littip9) more but they are worth it.Packer's Duo-RadiantGas HeatersThe Packer's Duo-Radiant gas heater willburn on a lower gas pressure than anyother gas heater manufactured, becausethe' burner is designed with a valve adjustment and is made so it may be adjusted to use the last bit of gas that is in thepipes, should the gas pressure get weakat any time during the cold winter. Letus show you. how this is done.The Radiant Home gas heater 'is of a fireclay construction in the back and verymuch like the Packer's Duo-Radiant except the patterns are not so elaborate andtherefore are very much Jess expensive.The Radiant Home does not cost anymore than the ordinary gas heater, yet itis very much more.Cole's Hot BlastCoal HeatersCole's Hot Blast Heater is well knownto the public of this section as they havebeen sold here for many years and recognized everywhere as one of the very besthot blast" heaters manufactured. We offeryou a Cole with every guarantee thatfaith in any piece of merchandise may beoffered buy it, use it and if it's satisfactory keep it and if not satisfactory returnit and we will refund the money with asmile. We know it's right or we could not.offer it with such a guarantee. It costsno more than the ordinary coal heater.Packer's DuoRadiant StylesPacker's Duo-Radiant gas heaters areoffered in many styles. You will find thehandsome gas heater here for your fronthall made of porcelain that does not crazeor crack, or the wonderful looking gasheater for your living room with andironsattached that looks better than a gas logand gives five times as much heat. Letus show you.A. F.The Radiant Home soft coalheater is patterned in four different sizes to heat from threeor four rooms up to eight orten rooms. It is designed sothat it is a real double, thesame as a furnace. Make selections early so that we can get itinstalled before the rush comesfor Radiant Homes.8B?533bBJ3EHP ' s71 mimsim ANew ProcessGas HeatersThe Packer's Duo-Radiant Gas Heatersare made in styles that fit closely on thehearth or in the grate and are designedto look like a grate fire. You will find anumber here that have the andirons attached and they certainly make a prettyheater. The burners are so constructedthat they make a powerful heat.Wheeler&CoZt -&CHAS. GREENE, ManagerViRBoston-'Transcrlpu ', r- - v ,--sr"?v- a -" - -if i - -r -,S3psSri'v -j!?-!; K?045SJFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER ;11 -121in' ff ." ""THEHE BOURBftN NEWBt -gARIS, .KENTBdfcYi3?J? -l.j. .TJKDESIBABLE AHEWS KEFUSEUCITIZEKSHIPRefused final citizenship papersby Justice Bailey of the District ofColumbia Supreme Court, seven aliens are protesting at heing the firstexamples for any other reason thanfailure to pass the required examination. The men were shown to have usedtheir citizenship in other countriesas a means of avoiding service inthe United States armed forces during the war, and it was proved thatnone of them served in the countriesof their origin. The Judge held thatmen who would serve neither theirown country, because of residence inthis, nor this country, because ofcitizenship in other countries, werenot fit to become citizens of theUnited States.Legislative comment on the action of the Judge has "been very favorable, and some Senators havepointed out the importance of otherjurists taking final citizenship papers. In this connection, quotationshave been made from a report ofthe House of Representatives Committee on Immigration and Naturalization which shows the importanceof safeguarding citizenship in theUnited States. According to the report, a survey of 460 StateH institutions, with a total of 210,835 inmates, found 21.14' per cent, of thisfifth of a million inmates to be offoreign birth, and 4.09 per centeither of foreign birth or having atleast one parent of -foreign birth.Institutional management thus devotes at least one-third of total expenditures to the fjoreign stockwhich has arrived in the UnitedStates within this generation. Ifthe States on the average spend-21per cent of their total revenues formaintaining inadequates, about 7per cent, of their total revenue ispent in faring for degenerate anddependent foreign human stock.THOUGHTS 0N,THE-JJMAJBEA3f(Ohio State Journal)"Did you ever eat-a Eima bean?Yes, you .probably say. But did youHiXDY. HA1TDB00K FOE, .AUTO(Life)Almost every car owner wants toever eat a Lima bean-fresh-nicked CT " - ,: . . v T. tt . "imaiJ-i , " ! s is particularly true ol tne manwho owns his own garage, vInrrom your own vine or from thevine of some kind neighbor? If yousay no to this, you never have eatena Lima bean; you do not even know,what it is. You do not even knowthat the Lima bean, in its best andhighest estate, the only estate inwhich it is worthy of a moment'sserious consideration, is composedexclusively of the sweetest, mildestingredients to be found in Nature'swhole great laboratory, such ingredients as the gentlest of the dewdrops, the selectest of the sunbeamsand the warmest of the sweet-smellingloam and the most soothing ofthe summer breezes, all mingled together in perfect measure, so thatthe finished product brings peace tothe mind beset with a thousandcares and rest to the weary heart.Peace of mind, and rest at heartare so essential to human happinessthat we often wish that more peopleraised Lima beans in -their backyards. If the American energy thaj:goes into disputes over golf scoresand strikes and politics and gossipcould be reverted to universal Limabean culture, this would be thehappiest nation under heaven. Onecannot eat a Lima bean in 'its bestand highest estate (a Lima bean isour figurative way of speaking ofthree or four helpings) and harbora grudge against anybody z for along time thereafter.o"COLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute -attack of Isasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing- the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio.HPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,00000OFFICERS".Frank P. Kiaer, Preaidant .8. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentT7. W.Iltchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Am't CashierDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921)Port oi Entry, Port of Call, Etc."Port of entry" is, a term fromrevenue law, meaning a district ordesignated locality, whether a nautical, port or rtot, vher foreign .goodsmay be Introduced for Import. The"port of debarkation" is the landingplace where a ship discharges part orall of her cargo. The "port of call"is a port where vessels customarilystop for coal, repairs, transshipmentof cargo, etc.oPut It in Writing.'Agreements made by word of mouth,are -like leaves of the" forest. Theyfade out, drop off and blow awayrMake a couple of copies of any contract you enter into. Keep one yourself and give the party ofirthe secondpart another and lay the .third awayInVour safe, with your most valuablepapers.--Cleveland News-Leader.oDead Sea Stone.-On the shores of the Dead sea andwest of that sea between Jerusalemand the vicinity of Nebi Musa is founda peculiar stone. The stone, which isabundant, Is commonly used by thelocal people In making souvenirs. Itis a matter of common knowledge thatthe Bedouins have used this stone forseveral years as fuel,oMissed Something.Little Ray was being shown a bustof his distinguished grandfather whohad died before Ray was born. Theyoungster gazed at the bust awhileIn p'erplexed silence; then he Inquiredinnocently, "Is that aTl there was ofhim?" Boston Transcript.After carefully reading all thebopks on "How to Repair the Car,and Handy, Auto Answers .for theAnxious," I have boiled all the information they contain into a fewsimple questions and answers, whichI Tiereby.nresent jto my fellow motorists free of charge:Q. How is the distributor adjusted. A. Under no conditions touchthe. distributor. Have it adjusted bya reliable garage man.Q." What is the proper way toadjust a brake band?A. A loose brake band may" causea serious accident.Q. What is a crankshaft?A. Do not attempt to touch thecrankshaft. It is a job only for anexperienced mechanic.Q. If the car emits blue smoke,what is the trouble?A. Do not attempt to .remedythis trouble. Take the car to agarage.Q. Hpjwr may a dirty spark plugbes cleaned?A. 'Don't do it. At -the first signof trouble it is cheaper to have thecar thoroughly overhauled.Q. Where is the spark lever?A. The sparking system is-ar verycomplicated apparatus. Have itfixed by an expert.BEER PRICE IN PARIS DEPENDSON PLACEARMY IN NEDOF LIEUTENANTSExamination in September Designed' to Meet-Demands ofNew-AppripriatiorvBill.?zr-- V, tI-T-TSitHow much is a glass of beer inParis, ' All depends upon where you Jbuy it. Not long ago a certain citizen amused himself by making atour of many cafes and keeping arecord of the price, which variedfrom 10 to 40 cents. Lately thissame individual has been carryingon other investigations and hasfound a cafe which charges about 4cents for anything you care to drinkbe it beer, coffee, wine or extrastout. This is a novel idea, andthecafe is probably the only one of itskind to be found in the capital.o "Voice Never Permanently 'Changed.If the quality of the voke does notJ change ar.predabjy with the years,neither can it be changed to anygreat extent by any vocal gymnastics.Numerous are the "methods" and"systems" adertised with this end inview, but they ere futile. Great singers are born, not made. Quite- true,training may (though often it doesnot) help to deelop olume, suppleness and range of utterance, but thequality changes but little if at all.New York Medical Journal,oFur Seals in the Pacific.The fur seals which make their homeon the Pribilof islands, a, barren groupin the Bering sea, disappear from theislands at the beginning of the winter,and throughout that season are scattered about the waters of the NorthPacific. Some-of them never leavethe icy seas about Alaska, but othersventure as far south as the coast ofCalifornia. But wherever they may be,when spring comes, instinct leadsthem back to the desolate little' islands.oBrief and Comprehensive.Ben Dierks has an- express agencyand transfer business In a village in'Sonoma county, California. Recentlye detailed one or his teamsters witha wagon and pair to take a San Francisco man and wife to their countryplace a few miles out of town. Thebill, as rendered by the teamster,read: "Haul grip, grub, and people,three hours, three dollars.": " "-K?r '"IHIILife PartnersiTHE union of Nature, Science and the Farmer is a partnership for life. 'In the golcien sheaves of living wheat, and in the waving, shimmering fields of barley Nature stores the vitalelements of human power and energy which Science converts into Grape-Nuts the lamous body-building food.Grape-Nuts with milk or cream is a complete food, whichcontains all the nutrition (including the mineral elements)required for making rich, red blood, and for building sturdybody tissue, sound bone structure and strong, healthynerve cells.The 20-hour baking process makes Grape-Nuts easy todigest and develops that delicious, sweet flavor and crispness that has made-this food a favorite the world over.There's a Reasonfor GrapeNuls& Sold by grocers everywhere!., Made by Portvm Cereal Compy, Ic., -Battle CreckrMioh.3 pec Ss--A FOOD , gffScarcity of Offleera Means Every ManWho -Passes Shop Id GsV-Commisslon-Rtgulatlpna Provide.Libsral Exemptions.Washington. Examinations conducted by the War department to fillup the ranks of the second lieutenantsamong 1,771 officers required by thenew army appropriation bill will bestarted throughout the country earlyin September. The number of secondlieutenants now witb the colors is exceptionally small, so that it is expected that every man who qualifieswill receive a commission.Appointments will be tendered -successfulcandidates as soon as pracrtlcable after December 31, 192. Theseappointments will be made in allbranches except the judge advocategeneral's department. It h5,tbe policy of the War department to appointan officer in the branch of his choice,If possible. For this reason candidateswill be asked to express their preference. Preliminary examinations will beconducted to determine the 'physical,moral and mental qualifications of applicants in order 'to avoid inconveniences and unnecessary expenseboth to the candidate and the government. Subjects Embraced.The elementary portion of (ne finalexamination embraces the subjects ofhistory, grammar, geography arithmetic, algebra, geometry, trigonometryand physics. The advanced part ofthe examination consists of a largenumber of subjects, including mathematics, advanced mechanics, surveying, languages, literature, electricity,chemistry, law and minor tactics.Examination is required in but threeof the subjects of the advancedgroup, these to be selected by the candidate. Candidates for appointment in theair service, engineers, signal corpsand ordnance department are required to satisfy certain technical requirements, either by examination orby having graduated from technicalschools.The regulations provide liberal exemptions from examination in varioussubjects according to education, training and experience of the candidate.The granting of exemptions has beenplaced entirely in the- hands of theexamining boards and requests for exemption cannot, therefore, be considered by the War departmentWhere to Apply.Application blanks may be securedfrom the commanding general of thecorps area in which the candidatelives. All, information concerning theexaminations may be obtained fromthe same source or from the adjutantgeneral of the army.The location of the various corpsarea commanders Is as follows:First corps area Army base, Boston, Mass.Second corps area Governors Island, New York.Third corps area Standard Oilbuilding, Baltimore, Md.Fourth corps area Fort McPherson,Atlanta, Ga.Fifth corps area Columbus barracks, Ohio.Sixth corps area 1819 W. Pershingroad, Chicago, HI.Seventh corp area Army building,Omaha, Neb.. Eighth corp? area Fort Sam Houston, San Antonio, TexPNinth corps area The Presidio ofSan Francisco, Cal.GIVES HIS BLOOD TO ADMIRALTexas Sergeant in the PhilippinesGives Life Fluid to AidBritish Officer.Manila, P. I. Sergt Andrew H.Penlang of Corpus Christ!, Tex., stationed with the medical detachmenthere, gave more than ten ounces ofblood in a transfusion operation in anattempt to save the life of AdmiralJohn S. Dunmaresq of the Britishnavy, it was announced at army headquarters here.Sergt. Penlang was thanked byBritish Consul General Harrington.Needle in Baby's Back.Paintsville, Ky. A needle twoinches long "was taken from the backof the year-old baby girl of Mr. andMrs. Montford Dixon of this city byits- mother. .The baby had been indelicate health for some time, andwhat was thought to be a bftil ap.peared on its back and a physicianwas -called. The next day while themother was dressing the wound shefound the needle.German Poison Kills After Four Years.Berwick, Pa. A drink -of waterfrom a well poisoned by the Germansin France more than four years agorecently caused the death of EmllWright, thirty years old, of this place,following an illness which began before the war ended, Wright filled Macanteen at a well left -by retrtatUgGermans and became 111 gooii-ttcTHE UNIVERSAL CARYou Need One; Buy it Now- It Inujce Health and MeasureIt will-Increase-Your- BusinessJ- A' .ifBuy From RIJGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory Prices-You Get- Service That SatisfiesPay as You -RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With It -I AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRLGGLCSMOTOR COMPANYParis, KentuckyVHivaiviiEViSVvvasvisvasvsswiviHiASB1AnBAM&i'iaiBCA9KtSi'ii0.tVaciS9iASlAHlAHilBourbon LaundryiDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 "-C wKB ' is f 2West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon Laundry aParis, KentuckyLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED JO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGt 'illII' aWE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously anjdfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.bTwo -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish Potatoes- JOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTS "Nineteenth St, Near Main Both PhoaesA15 3-ilIIJ5.J3S.1t.--x?vif 'y--c .-. .- ,""- -- ?,Q. """. wT-3:' ,yyt . '"STSkis . -?'- -i?f-ki- x-,sitmjSt: -'! -f SSV- tt '.?. .b-JUVs-;Qati f -v.XTzt - ?rferJt.1"--,ivuifuaK vj. uiw naior. , ,r-7, -Ss&Lga1 -tsj"z r4 - P- .S,PAGE EIGHT.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, SEPTJ5MM6R 2r 1122: )hfflMILLERSBURGtottrtfting Newx-Itens Prom Bour, bon 'County's College TownIr. Albert Endicott remains-critically ill in a hospital in Denver,3olprado.Mrs. Jane Neal is visiting heron., Claude Neal, and family, in.Newport.Misse Lida and Bessie Butler"fiave returned from a visit in Mor--ristown," Ind.Miss Tillie Jaynes, guest of3Irs. G. W. Judy, has returned to her3iome in Lexington.The residence of Mrs. FannieNorton did not sell at the public sale""Wednesday afternoon. Was bid toi$7,000 and withdrawn.Miss Russell Powell has opened:a grocery store in the SanduskyImilding, on Main street.Rev. Clyde Darsey and family,of Cynthiana, visited Mr. and Mrs.James Hutsell, this week. . .FOR SALE a good driving-pony and harness.MRS. MARY S. BOSTON,-(22-2t) Millersburg, Ky.Miss LidaBell Dalzell, guest of"jMr. and Mrs. James Hutsell, returned to her home in North Mid-"-dletown.Messrs. J. P. Redmon, R. L."Tarr,. Joe Caldwell and James Hutsell, left Thursday for a fishing tripvcon Rockcastle river.The Woman's Auxiliary of theMethodist church will hold the regular monthly meeting in the Sunday school room Thursday afternoon -at 3 o'clock.Rev. P. F. Adams, of Ftemings"urg, was here Tuesday enroute toXexington, where his ' soh Foster.Adams, a graduate of M. M. I., inthe '22 class', has entered TJniver.sity of Kentucky.Misses Mattie and Sallie Mc"Intyre had as their guests Thursday"Mrs. Charlie Marshall-, Mrs. JohnMarshall, Mrs. S. Stofer, Miss Carne'lias Stofer and Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington.Mr. A. S. Miller left Tuesday"for Atchison, Kansas, where-.the seed plant and bluegrass seedgathered in Missouri this season bya Bourbon county syndicate wasdestroyed by fire.Mrs. Bryan McMurtry remainsthe students and invited them to attend their services.DEATHSBOURBON COUNTY HIGH SCHOOLNOTESMiss- Caudill, representing theJunior Red Cross Society, paid theschool a visit Wednesday.Next Wednesday Chapel exerciseswill be in charge of a special speaker furnished by State University,who will speak in the interest ofthe Junior Agricultural Club. Thepublic is cordially invited to attendthese weekly exercises, which arebeing held this year in the gymnasium, on account of the crowdedcondition .of the Chapel.The catalogs of the School Fairwill be ready for distribution in afew days.Wednesday Chapel exercises wereconducted by Rev. Price Smith, pastor of the Methodist church. Bro.Smith had words of friendly greeting for the girls and boys, alsowords of inspiration for all thosepresent. We welcome him toour midst, and hope his pleasantface will be often seen at our Chapelmeetings. The following visitorswere present on this -occasion: Mesdames Current Cunningham, HenryPatterson, Pearl Hill, Clara Dabney,Robert Bell, W. F. Saunders, MissElizabeth Brown, Miss Caudell,Messrs. Ashby Leer, David CassityHM. E. Pruitt and Rev. Price Smith.KENTUCKY STANDS FIFTH INBETTEE STOCK DRIVEKentucky -is continuing to makesteady progress in the "BetterSires-Better Stock" campaign beingconducted throughout the - countrythe various State Agricultural colleges, according to a progress reportwhich has just been received by T.R. Bryant, assistant director of extension work at the College of Agriculture. The State now stands fifthamong all those in the Union in thenumber of farmers who have beenenrolled in the drive against scrub ilife Ii But A Brief Span, A Debt'!That All Must J?ay- , ,. ,FREDERICKSdN'The body of James P. Frederickson, aged fifty-one, who died at' the'residence of his sister, Mrs. PatrickMcGovern, in Lexington, Wednesdaywill be brought to Paris this morning for interment at eleven o'clockIn the Paris Catholic Cemetery, following services held at St. Paul'sCatholic chjirch, in Lexington, atnine o'clock. The pall-bearers willbe John J Galvin, H. E. McGovern, R. J.McQuirk, 'J. P. Sullivanand E. A. Welch.Besides his sester, Mrs. PatrickMcGovern, with whom he made hishome, in Lexington, Mr. Frederickson is survived by one brother, D.M. Frederickson, of, near Paris.- MATTOXMrs. Alice Elizabeth Mattox,aged sixty-seven, died at her homeon Winchester street, in this city,Tuesday night, following aprotracted illness " from a' complication ofdiseases...Mrs. "Mattox was a daughter ofthe late Mr.and Mrs. Elijah Snapp,'"of Nicholas county, and had been aresident of Bourbon county for thepast twenty years. Her mother wasformerly Miss Mann, daughter ofJohn Mann, pioneer resident ofNicholas county, and for many yearsa miller in Carlisle. She was a firstcousin of Charles P. Mann, of theParis Realty Co., and related toRev. Edward G. B. Mann, of Lexington.'" -Mrs. Mattox is survived .by herby the United States Department ofAgriculture in - co-operation with ;uSband R;- H. Mattox, and fivedaughters, Mrs. C. R. Alexander,Mrs. S.JT. Chipley, Mrs. James Grinnell, 'Jr Mrs. Octavia Delaney, andMiss Ina Mattox, all of " Paris; onebrother, Miner Snapp, of Blue LickSprings, Nicholas county. ,5The funeral was held at 2:30o'clock yesterday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave inington.' Since the beginning "of the campaign, at which - time Kentuckystood at the bottom of the list ofrseriously ill in the hospital in Cyn- states in the number of farmers whothiana. Mrs. McMurtry before her had agreed to uge notMng but pure.Tnarnage was ivliss luargarei -aiieii,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. M.thp Pnric Ppmptprv hv Rpv O "Rbreeding animals, 4eing preceded by Crockett) pastor 0f the Paris Meth;umo, Virginia, iNeurasKaauu vvusn-. odist cnurch The pall-bearerswere: Charles P. Mann, John Mastin, Ray Ingels, Grant Galloway, A.B. Martin and Robt. Fuller.Allen, of Millersburg.Mr. Kirby, cashier of the Farmers Bank, has returned irom a two-bred sires in all their breedingwork, the State has forged rapidlyto the front through the work carried on by county agricultural-sveeks' stay at his home in Bowling agents and specialists from the col-"-Green,accompanied by Mrs. Kirby, i lege, Mr. Bryant said. At the pressor a few days visit, preparatory to ent time a total of,iheir moying to Millersburg.The formal opening of the Millersburg College was held Thursday.morning at ten o'clock. Dr. C. C.Tisher, president of the College,presided, and introduced the speakers of the hour, Rev. Nutter, of theChristian church, Rev. Price Smith,of the Methodist church, Rev. W.IW. Morton, of the Presbyterian-church, and Col. W. R. Nelson, principal of Millersburg Military Institute. Mrs. Stern, voicf- teacher,-.gave 'two selections. 3Ilss DliveITisher, Dean of the Colleie, intro--duced the faculty: Miss VirginiaMAHANEYJames Finnell Mahaney, agedthirty-three, a former resident ofParis died suddenly in Mt. Sterlinglate Monday afternoon, just aftergetting out of a barber chair. Mr.Mahaney had been in apparent goodhealth and had been about his business through the day. His deathwnc rliio in n ctrnto nf onnnnlovufarmery have joined the campaign,) Mr Mahaney wag a son of Danlelthese farmers being owners of aand EUen Mahaneyf of Paris. Hetotal of 10,540 purebred animals vas foi. several years employed onand 54,292 chickens. Ohio, which construction work for the city ofheads the list, has a total of 1,970 .Paris, and during" the recent recon-401 Kentucky! farmers enrolled in the movement.Work being carried on by countyagricultural agents and tfie collegeextension division at the presenttime promises to advance the standing of the State in the drive, Mr.struction work done here by theHenry Bickel Co., on the Parisstreets, was in charge of the setamrollers. Later he was a clerk, atthe Bone Dry Cafe, then operatedby Ed Doyle. When Mr. Doyle soldout. his interest, nnrl nneneH un n, Bryant said. The worK is -Deing soft drink stand in Mt. sterlin& Mrlaunched m practically all parts or Mahaney accompanied him as clerk,the State, while many farmers are i Mr. Mahaney is survived by hisM. Carley. Wisconsin and CMag0J lowing an increased interest in the parents, Mr and Mrs. Daniel Ma-vnuc ui uclici ui ceuiug auiuiaio, nc naiic.y, uue uiuLiiei, uauiei ivictiiuncy,said. Jr., of Paris; three sisters, Mrs. Mc-At the present time Oldham Car thy, of Paris; Mrs. Marks, ofcounty is playing an important Covington; Mrs. Rourke, of Cincin-norf in no nrrttrrnco -wnion ic koino1 , llaU.made, by the State. County AgentGordon B. Nance has reported that37 additional farmers in that countyPiano Director; Miss Ida Hefline,43t. Louis, Mo., Instructor in Dramatic Art and Physical Culture;31iss Daris, South Carolina, French,-a.nd Latin; Miss Niven, Arkansas,"Preparatory Department; Miss Lancaster, Primary Department; Miss1 Case, New Mexico, English, History? and Spanish; Miss Whittier, Boston,TMass., Mathematics and Science;3Irs. Caldwell, Study Supervisor, andChaperone; Miss Estman, Matron;rMrs. Beulah, Stern, Ky.f Voice Di--xector.Col. W. R. .Nelson, M. M. I"faculty, and student body, and alarge number of parents .and friends-were present.The formal opening of MillersT)urg Military Institute was held""Tuesday morning at 9:30 in' the5hapel of Moffett Hall. The exerjcise was opened by a song under-the direction of Mrs. W. R. Nelson,-pianist; invocation, Rev. PriceESmith, pastor of the Methodist-church; Scripture reading, Rev. G.W. Nutter, pastor of the Christian-church; Col, W. R. Nelson, superintendent of M. M. I., in a pleasing-znanner, gave the address of wel--jcomeand introduced the speakers-of the morning, who gave interesting and enthusiastic talks. Rev. G."W. Nutter, pastor of the Christianchurch, ReXr. Price Smith, pastor of-the Methodist church, Rev. W. W."Morton, pastor of the Presbyterian-church, Dr. C. C. Fisher, piesident ofMillersburg College, Prof. J. W.Lancaster, principal of MillersburgBourbon County High School, Rev.P. F. Adams, pastor of Flemings"3mrg Methodist church, former pastor of Millersburg church, being thespeakers. CoL Nelson then Introduced the members of the school faculty, Captain Zack Collins, CaptainC. Gray, Captain J. W. Reese."Each responded with short talks."The enrollment of students is thegreatest this year of any previous-year under the presentmanagement.;3?he boarding department is filled alanost to capacity, and more studentsare coming in. All three of ourjscliools have had fine openings. Theicitizens of Millersburg are proud of. -these schools, and -justly so, andwill co-operate with them in every-way to make them a success. Thetpaators of the churches welcomedThe body was brought to Parisand taken to the Mahaney home onVine street. The funeral was heldat the Church of The Annuno.ia-recently applied for enrollment intioUt at nine o'clock Wednesdaythe campaign by agreeing to usemorningf with services conductednothing but purebred sires in all by the pastor, Rev. Father William,their breeding work. This brings. O'Hare., The interment followed onthe total enrollment of farmers inthat county up to 103. The progress report which has just been received here shows that only 13counties in the United States havea greater enrollment than 103 farmers at the present time.FIRST WALL PAPER INAMERICAthe family lot in the Paris CatholicCemetery. The pall-bearers wereMike Shannon, John Brophy, Jr.Wm. R. Minogue, Edward Doyle,Cornelius Doyle and. Jos. Minogue.SLAVINThe funeral of Miss Katie Sla-.vin, professional nurse, who died atSt. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington,Monday night, from m the effects of astroke of paralysis sustained inParis several days previous was heldat St, Paul's church, in Lexington,?anK Bku VB ap 'i?Vj yjSjtZtAicr;2:00ta5:0riPRICESAdults'. . . . .v ;30cChildren .IOCSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box Office1Bia'.v.a. a i m - - -r . t-.-r't-.FMATMcOTi&dfiRtJE GORDONFridayDouble Feature DayFWayK. ?!" V k-ya-i"Jin "Forbidden" Vallev"Outdoor drama beating as warm as the heart of the Kentucky 'hills; WAISID A HAWLEYin "The ove Charm"'The amazing adventures of an amateur 'vamp.GRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICES ,Adults 30cGallery, -. . .ZffcChildren 1 OcSaturday v Goldwyn Presents SaturdayHelene Chadwick and Richard Dixin "Yellow Men and Gold"A thrilling drama of tropical adventure! -A. big picture that you willlove to see Fortune! Peril! Romance! all in this 'great drama.AISO PATHE NEWS AHJ EL ST. JOHN IK "SPECIAL JEUVEBY.''Monday DON'T FAIL TO SEE MondayCullen Landis Lg - Lon Chaneyin " The Nigbt Rose"Goldwyn presents Leroy Scott's powerful melodrama, with a hundredper cent All-Stars Something new, something different, something youare hound to enjoy.AISOHAEEY MAYEESIN "THE ADVENTUBES OF B0BIN0N CRUSOE."v7i FEWER POISONOUS SNAKESmore careful in encouraerinfi: thepoisonous reptiles.Recently on a road near Louis- Everybody has heard of the oldVille, a motorist was bitten on thejKentuckian who went to town andhand by a rattlesnake while attempting to place the captured reptile in a tin can! 'A few years 'agoin Louisville a man died from theeffects of being bitten. by a rattlesnake that was ke'pt; ,pn exhibitionin a saloon. 'There have been comparativelyfew fatalities from the bites of venomous snakes 'in Kentucky, -wjiereJhese varieties include, besides therattlesnake, the copperhead and 'thespreading, viper. Firs.t"aid, usuallyhas been effective and in the olddays 'liberal potations of raw whjskywere regarded as a specific for snakebites, Owing to the clearing of iheUmber the rattlesnake' now is confined to a much reduced area andwith the exception ofv the copperhead and the viper and, a few othersthe average person has little to fearfrom poisonous snakes in this State.Hogs have been found a valuable!ally in clearing a section of snakesand even the most poisonous kinds4are futile against the porker.Drainage and reclamation of theswamp lands also have done much torid the State of poisonous reptiles. ISince the advent of the "dry" ,regime and the scarcity of the recognized old-time specific for snake 'bites it may be that people will "beafter loading to the guards withbooze drove home, only, to encountera big rattlesnake coiled at the gateready to spring. After fixing hiseyes, on the rattler for a time, he observed :- "Strike, d n you;" I'm justas full of 'pizen' as you are."Nero fiddled while Rome burned;possibly to soften- the blow of theconflagration by calling attention toa greater horror.When it comes to buying clothes,the fat man finds that it is expensive to be expansive.Birds do not practice" "polygamy;their constant'' association with menhaving apparently no bad influencupon Altera. 'There is no gift so greatly to beprized as the ability to be just toothers regardless of their attitudetoward us.:fc"THE PRIDE OF PARIS"V-.NiZr..U.z)M,The Leader Department Store will beCLOSED SATURDAY, SEPT. 23But will Open at 6 P. M.Wall papers did not begin to comeinto this country until the secondquarter of the Eighteenth Century, Wednesday morning at nine o'clock.according to Phyllis Ackerman, in , The pall-bearers were: James LvonsArts and Decoration. Even then.Thos. Slavin, Wm. Klair, Jos. Luig-tney were specially oraerea py tne art ana Jonn JMooney. The interment took place in the family lot 'in 'Calvary Cemetery, in Lexington. IMiss Slavin had for the past fiveyears been employed as nurse for !Joseph Clay, of Paris. She wasstricken at the home of Miss Leti-1tfa Clay, on Pleasant street. Shortly after retiring for the night, MissSlavin attempted to rise 'from herbed and fell to the floor. The noiseattracted the attention of members' 'individual householders from theirdealers in London and Paris, ratherthan carried from the general retailtrade. Thomas Hancock, for instance, ordered, in 1737, a speciallymade paper from his stationer, Thos.Rowe, of London, and in his lettergiving the order speaks of anotherpaper similarly imported by a friendof his, -three or four years earlier.By 1745, however, wall paper was in of the household, who Jiastened to 'retail stock! here, Charles Hargrave, ' her assistance. She was found in an !unconscious condition, and was tak-'en to St. Joseph's Hospital, where" 'she lingered for several days with- 'out regaining consciousness.Miss Slavin was left an orphan at 'an early period in life, and hadmade her home in Lexington with 'the v family of Hon. William Klair!being a cousin of Mrs. Klair. She'was highly regarded for her splen-did qualifications as a nurse, and'for her pleasing personality. rJof Philadelphia, advertising it inthat year. But certainly it was notin general use until 1750. By thattime it had become enormously popular and a host of merchants in allthe lower towns were advertisingnew importations with the arrival ofevery ship.oThere would probably be a betterclass of children if there were notso manyparents.careless and indigentKicking is a splendid art, but avery poor habit.It would bea fine world if goodmen put as much into goodness as.meanmen seemto put into meanness.. i . v USchool ShoesSpecials!Bring in the boys arid girls all this week to our store andbuy shoes made to give wear and satisfaction at money. . saving prices. ' Dependable stylish footwear at a greatsaving in price. Buy at thisvstore and save the difference.Boys' School Shoe Special Newestfall styles in Tan Leather; Rubberheels; all solid. .Special$2.99Boys' School Shoe's in tan and black.Great for wear. All sizes 13 to 6$1.99Greatest clean-up in White Canvasat half price. Values $2.50 and$3.00 Choice.. '.$1.00. $1.25 and$1.49Final reductions on all remainingOxfords and Slippers. Get yousto-day while we have your size.The savings are worth while.Ladies' $3.00 and $3.50 Oxfordsin tan leathers, low heels. Choice ,$1.95Ladies' Black Satin Strap Slippers.All style heels. Also in patent.Choice$2.85Misses' newest fall styles SchoolShoes combining style, comfortand long wear." Special. . "r .. r-$2.49"S,--vr z2 T J-. .-POSNERBROSDAN COHEN336 MAIN STREETiHMBHinHHBHHHlJ' 'ft'. -VUK -. ' -2" wpi'-.-AJ..BTiJ Jb. H-"" XlfiiiL-iiAfKfjCt. -Vf-.1' .rr 'T"" -rr -vUt-3-. H -V -f 3y&i--s5fi"SSS-&r 2 '?-rjLJ!ftsiwHfiS,-z?w-m:xz&-Kas.Sii?rj?jrrr,Ser ,s, .. .t-i.-.-r