t. t1 -av.':-&JkifV;rriiri'tfV" 4,'KPUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1922I iiTTr - 'ft iAa .if in frTafa-BOURBONTHED Hm b m.Ib $d Nsjlfv7insSlfer uttinews- --nt:- , Vi -sCOMMERCIAL CLUB DINNERChairman Rudolph Davis, of theentertainment committee is completing plans for the May dinner to beigiven by the Paris Commercial Clubin the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium, onthe evening of Friday, May 12, at6:30 o'clock. The dinner will beserved by the women of the ParisChristian church. Former 'MayorJohn Garner, of Winchester, will bethe principal speaker of the occasion, according to present announcement. Should Mr. Garner not eable to attend an equally notedspeaker will take his place.The Bluegrass Electrical Company is installing a big powerradiosef in the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium, and the guests for the evening will be entertained in a novelway by hearing the regular Fridayprogram of the General ElectricalCompany, as sent out from their station in Schenectedy, New York.The Commercial Club extends an""Tirgent invitation to all the membersto attend this dinner, and also exlends an invitation to anyone interested in the development and commercial progress of the city to come.THelp create a public sentiment for.some -of the things Paris needs.oSOMEBODY'S fflAIL HEB7!BEV. W. E. ELLIS BQUNDS OUTTENTH YEABTwo letters, addressed to personsunknown to anyone in THE NEWSoffice, are being held at this office,awaiting claimants. One is addressed to "R. E. Stevens, care THEBOURBON NEWS," and was mailedfrom Stanford, April 17, in an en-velope bearing the address of Bailey& Rupley, Stanford, Ky. The otherwas mailed on April 4, at Danville,in a Gilcher House envelope, and isaddressed to "Mr. Hughes, careTHE BOURBON NEWS."These letters are being held here,and unless called for, will be turned-over to the local postoffice department for disposition.SEED COBNWE HAVE SEVEBAL DESIBA"BLE VARIETIES OF HIGHESTQUALITY. PBICE REASONABLE.BBENT & COMPANY, lac.(apr21-5t)VOTE FOR METhe Most Popular Girl in the"Pop Coatest at"0ie Know Row"SPRINGOPENING-DISPLAY OFSTE1N-BL0GH ANDMICHAELS-STERNtREADY'TO -WKA.RCLOTHESNew Stylesof outstanding dis- tinction and merit. .New Woolensof unrivaled excellence in appearance"" and quality.New Pricesthat conform to present ideas of economyWith the passing of Sunday, Rev.W. E. Ellis rounded out his tenthyears as pastor of the Paris Christian church, a position he has -filledwith signal ahility and marked success, earning the profound respectand the warm love of his congregation, and the people of Paris, irrespective of denomination. The following tribute to Rev. Ellis and theoccasion is from the pen of one ofhis congregation, Mr. Edward T.Hinton: ' 'Sunday was the tenth anniversary of the - ministry ofBrother Ellis as pastor of the ParisChristian church. During theseyears he and his family have hecome very dear to this congregation,and he may look back with - prideover the record he has made. Without ostentation or sensationalism hehas led us into a more -efficient organization of church forces andlarger activity in every field ofwork.Young and old have felt the influence of his good judgment andcareful guiding in the working' ofall church plans.Although many of our membershhave moved away during this timeand scores have crossed over intothe spirit land, still our membership has been largely - increased,there having been ovef eleven hundred additions to, the congregation.The Sunday School and all theyoung peoples' societies have grownnot only in numbers',, but in thegood results accomplished by theirefforts.The older folks have been led intoa fuller and more earnest co-operation in every church function. Ourfinances have been put on thebudget plan and larger amountscontributed to every good cause,with the greatest good-will andcheerfulness. Many improvementshave been added to the buildingsand other forward steps taken. Ithas been a joy to follow such a leader, who has been able to accomplishso much with such harmony of allforces.His influence has not been limitedto his own congregation, but his active service has been appreciated inthe whole cpmmunity in whose interest he has taken a vital interestat all times.He is known throughout ourbrotherhood as one of our strongestmen, and besides being a member ofour National organizations, has hada wide influence in all matters thatconcern the Church of Disciples.Many, many times has he enteredinto our joys and sorrows with apersonal interest and helpful sympathy.Without passion or prejudice hehas ever told us of our sins andshortcomings. Without fear or favorhe has as the faithful messenger ofthe Almighty, pointed out with hischaracteristic dignity and forcefulness the evils that beset us. He haswielded a mighty influence for goodin the community. We sum up withmuch pride what has been accomplished by our leader, but may notthe rest of us ask ourselves whetherwe have been as faithful as he.Have we taken exceptions to hiscounsel, or have we accepted the rebukes and challenges to duty he hasbrought us as messages from ourGod and applied them to our personal profit? Have we used our opportunities to the best advantage?Have we upheld his hands as faithful Christians should? Havewe defended and not criticized? Have wedone our part?Let us everyone pledge to him forthe future more loyal support thanever, and hope that there may bemany, more years in which, we maymake it possible for him to lead usinto a fuller knowledge and enjoyment of Christian living.ANNUAL BEPOBT OF B0TJBB0NCOUNTY Y. M. C. A.The annual report of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A. for the year ending April 30, 1922, shows the following interesting facts:Property,, building and equipment,(unincumbered) $56,685.00.Receipts From Dues $1,267.00;room rents, etc., 6,036.00; subscriptions, $4,255.00 Total, $11,-558.00.Expenditures Generals currentexpenses, light, heat, repairs, salaries, etc., $11,182.00.The Bible Class attendance totaled 251, Samuel Wills winning theBoys' Bible Study prize. Six boyswere led to unite with the church.The attendance at the buildingfor the year amounted to 93,624,compared with 93,879 for the preceeding year..,Seventeen Boy Scout meetings,hikes, etc., were held, attendance387.Thirty-six committees of other organizations used the building.Seven other Organizations heldpublic meetings.The Band has played upon 11 occasions gratis.Attendance at social games, pingpong, ring toss, quoits, cue roque,etc., 12,076.BASE BALLWOMAN'S CLUB BUMMAGE SALEHAY 19 AND 20The Bourbon County Woman'sv,uo oxau ,ciub is going t0 have the :first blg? b W.n Snn Rummage Sale ever held in Paris.Maysville 5 0 1.000 Ttfe store ro0m recently. Tacated bylexington 4 1 .800 W T rn.,ihn.f win htk ,1BOI, v,,."Innlbeen iven for these two days by??iMrs. J. B. Northcott. Friday andSaturday, May-49 and 20," is theParis ,.3Cynthiana 1Winchester 1Mt, Sterling.: .. . . 0.200.000SUNDAY'S RESULTSLexington, 5; Winchester, 0.Maysville, 6; Mt. Sterling, 2.Paris, 10; Cynthiana, 4.THURSDAY'S GAMESLexington at Paris.Winchester at Maysville.Cythiana at Mt. Sterling.One of the largest crowds that hasbeen seen on the Cynthiana ballgrounds assembled Sunday afternoon to see the Cynthiana and Paristeams of the Blue . Grass Leaguestruggle for victory. When thegame was over Paris had rompedaway with the Maiden City team totime. The sale will be kept openSaturday night, also. Every womanin the county is asked to contributeto this sale. When 'cleaning outyour attic remember the RummageSale. It you fwill telenhone Mrs.Owen Davis, or JMrs. W. T. Talbott,your contribution will be called for.All articles should be sent to thestore room on Main street on Wednesday and Thursday of next week,May 17th and 18th, and all articleswill be called for on those days ifyour name is left with either Mrs.Davis or Mrs. Talbott.Articles of all sorts are asked forclothing, china, furniture, pictures, books, old curtains, rugs, hats,shoes, anything, everything. Rummage Sales in other cities have beena nuge success. Let every womanWith the score standing 4 to 3 mfavor of Paris, McDonald, pitchingfor Cynthiana, walked the first manun In the ninth and hit the second.in atnietics, swimming ana gym- McCord singled, scoring both run-nasium classes, me anenaanue iu 1tals 15,207.The total membership of the organization' is: Men, 173; boys, 161;women, 58; girls, 76; total, 474.Members paid 63 of the cost,37 being provided by public subscription,, compared to 82 and18 respectively the country over.The subscription ratio is alwayshigher in the small cities. TneBourbon County Y fees for boys aremuch lower than the average.The Boy Scouts will hold theirfirst meeting of the season at theY Friday evening at 7:30. AllScouts should be present.Plans are being made to order theuniforms for the Boys' Band so asto have them by June 1. A BanquetConcert will be given immediatelyafter that date in order to secure thebalance needed for this fund.The Business Men's volley ball classclosed for the summer season on Friday. The game developed greatlyin popularity and the players inspeed during the season. Nextyear's teams are certain, to 'try?their wings' in out of town games.Secretary C. B. Harrison receivedyesterday the two Bible Study Cupswon by the Paris High School students in the Y. M. C. A. State HighSchool Bible contest. The cups areof exceptional beauty and have beengreatly admired by the pupils. Arrangements will be made for the formal presentation of the cups at anearly date. They will remain on exhibition at the Y. M. C. A. buildingfor a couple of days and the publicis invited to stop and see 'them.Iothe tune of 10 to 4, making six runsin their half of the ninth inning., in Bourbon put her shoulder to thewheel and see what we can do.Leave your order with Mrs. Davisor Mrs. Talbott.The money made at this sale willbe given to the Soldiers' MemorialLEXINGTON TO STAGE AJTOTDX."BOOSTEB TOUB"The spring tour of tHe LexiagtoKBoard of Commerce will be routedthrough Central Kentucky and will -beconducted Wednesday aadThursday, May 24 and 25, prorideda minimum of 25 carloads of business men -sign up for the trip.The schedule adopted for the two- "days .tour is as follows:Wednesday, May 24 -Lexingtoato Paris, Georgetown, Frankfort,Lawrenceburg, Harrodsburg, Damville (stay over night.)Thursday, May 25 Danville to,Stanford, Lancaster, Berea, Richmond, Lexington. -Instead of arranging speakings atthe various points to be visited, the "special committee appointed by theboard recommended that a supplyof identification badges, similar tothe ones tp be worn by the localdelegation, be sent to each city tobe visited on the tour and that theneighborly call be converted" intoan acquaintance meeting and general hand-shaking, with a band co-cert in each city. YFEBTILIZEBners, and Gentry went in to pitch the Bourbon County CommunityCONTRACTS LET P0B HIGHWAYBEPAIBSfor Cynthiana. Two hits, anotherbase on balls, and two errors nettedParis four more runs, and gavethem their winning margin. Willie,the new catcher, did splendid workon the receiving end for Paris, whileall members of the team played agood game. The batteries were:For Cynthiana McDonald, Gentryand Mcllvaine; for Paris McCordand Willie. A spectatorremarked,on viewing the crowd, "There's moreParis people here than from Cynthiana." The attendance was estimated at 1,400. The score by innings: Paris. '. . . .0 0 02 1 0 0 1 6 10Cynthiana ..1 01 0 0 0 1 0 1 4' The next game in the ChurchBaseball League will be played onHancock Field, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock. The contestants will be the Methodist andthe Christian church-teams, both ofwhich are fit and fine for the struggle. These are the two leadingteams in this League." Due"toT threatening weather andwet grounds, the game between theParis Mammoths and the Mt. Sterling teams, which had been postponed from Thursday on account ofrain, was again postponed saturaayafternoon, and will be played at alater date.Two new recruits to the JParisclub, Willie, catcher, of Cincinnati,and Workman, left fielder, -showedup well in Sunday's game. Willie isformer member of the CincinnatiReds, and is highly recommended asan all-round player. Workman is a 'former team mate of pitcher McCord, and is heralded as a comingrecord-breaker at batting.House.VOTE FOR ME!KENTUCKY STATE CHAMPIONSHIP T0UBNAMENTThe Kentucky State Championship trap shooting tournament willbe held by the Bourbon Gun Cluband the Hill Top Gun Club,on the latter's grounds, near Paris,July 18, 19 and 20. The prizes willcomprise $175 in cash and trophies.The management has arrangedfor a special ladies' contest, and anevent for boys of sixteen and under.The woman of the North MiddletownChristian church will serve dinneron the three days of the tournaBEST AUTO INSUBANCEINSUBE YOUB AUTOMOBILEAGAINST FIBE. THEFT, PUBLICLIABILITY, PBOPEBTY DAMAGEAND COLLISION.(apr25 4t-T) A. J. FEE, Agent.HAVE JUST BECEIVED CARLOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GBADE BEDSTEEB BRAND FEBTILIZEB FOBTOBACCO. PBICE LOWEST HTSEVEBAL YEABS. IT PAYSUSE IT.BBENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)TOBLUEGBASS PABK TOSATUBDAYuOPENNext Saturday, May 13, is announced as the opening ot BlueGrass Park for the season. Therewill be dancing every night, and themusic will be furnished by the Kentucky Six and Jack Kidle, theTrombone Wizard. Seigried, worldfamous ski jumper, is the special attraction for May 14 and 21. Siegfried is the winner of the OlympiaMedal of 1912 and over fifty others.A number of new features will beintroduced at the opening includingMac's Bird Circus. The principalriding devices are- the Giant Coaster, Mammoth Carrouselle and FairySwing. The-policy is free attrac- .tions every week. The bathingbeach will be improved and weatherpermitting will open on May 13.Sport and ConservativeModelsVOTE FOB ME!WALL PLASTEBJust received a carload of wallplaster and hydrated lime. SpeedPortland Cement always in stock.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO. , (2-tf). AUTO TIRES STOLENContracts for surface-treating62.03 miles of Kentucky highwayswith oil, tar and crushed gravelwere let by the StateHighway Commission at Frankfort, Friday. Thecontracts let cover twelve separatejobs.The Eaton Oil Works of Covington, was awarded the contract forplacing oil and crushed gravel onone mile of road at Paris on theParis-Cynthiana road for $2,034.17and on the opposite side of the citywas given nine miles of the ParisCynthiana road for $2.,034.17 and onthe opposite -side of the city wasgiven nine miles of the Paris-Winchesterroad for $12,269.The Eaton Oil Works, of Coving.ton, was awarded the contract fortreating 5.59 miles of the Cynthi-ana-Parisroad, in Harrison countywith light tar - and crushed gravelfor $6,732.FRANK & CO., LADIES' OUTFITTERSVOTE FOR ME!VOTE FOB ME!iMitchell &Blakemore1 - . vWhen Mass Virginia Wetherallleft her automobile parked onEighth street, near Singer's Alleyyesterday morning it had two sparetires fastened on the rear.. Whenshe had completed her errand andreturned to the machine the tires,as well as some personal belongings,were missing from the car. The police were notified and "are workingon the case.oNEW HOUSE FOB SALEANNUAL MEETING STATE CHBISTIAN ENDEAVOB UNIONFABM BUBEAU TO ESTABLISHMARKETING EXCHANGESee Our ShowingofNEW 7-B00M ' HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONN01TH CLIFTON AVENUE." B6URB0X LUM1EB CO.(moT25-tnMore than 1,000 delegates are expected to attend the thirty-secondChristian' Endeavor Union - at theannual convention of the KentuckyBroadway Christian Church, May 12,13 and 14.Among the speakers will be Frederick A. Wallis, former commissionerof immigration, New York City; Dr.E. J. Bulgin, evangelist; A. J. Shartle, publication manager of theUnited Society of Christian Endeavor, Boston, Mass., and State officers. More than 500 advanced registrations for the convention havealready been made and more arecoming in daily. The motto will be"A Four-Square Convention," and afull program has been arranged.Rev. W. E. Ellis, of Paris, willspeak on "A Four Square Endeavorin the Church' at 2:50 v. m., FrtdayjMay 12, andt 7,:45'P.'rni.f Al Four Square Endeavor isthc Homt."The office of the Bourbon CountyFarm Bureau is in receipt of a communication from the State Commissioner of Agrcultnre outlining themarketing .bureau or marketing exchange list recently established bythe department of agriculture forthe benefit of the farmers of theState:A list of farmers desiring to buyor sell live stock, poultry, produceor other articles from the farm willbe published semi-monthly. Twicea month a printed list will be gottenout for free distribution, which willcontain the names and addresses offarmers or articles that may be forsale, and also the list of those de-siring to purcnase wnen su ie-quested.The limitation for any individualis three items for any one issue ofthe bulletin. These items may bechanged from itime to time or maybe inserted for two consecutive issuesif desired. All insertions are free.This is being inaugurated solelyfor the benefit of the farmers andonly farmers are invited to list theirwares in this market bulletin. Theonly desire of the department is tobring together the seller and pur-1chaser and trust that this avenue;of listing what a farmer may havefor sale, statewide, will in time proveto be a source of real benefit to him.The Bourbon County Farm Bureauhas on hand complete informationabout this plan and can secureblanks on which 4x list the articlesfor sale or to buy.The farm bureau will receivefrom the Chicago Market a daily livestock market report. This in addition to the Cincinnati market already being received and posted dailyon the bulletin board of the farm -bureau.This, information may-be.55 yNew' 'WashDressesWE HAVE THEM INVOILES, GINGHAMSRATINES and SWISSES-JT-- - rNEW LINE OFvGarden and PorchDresses " -, JUST RECEIVED;, K-secure also -by calling rCumberlaL I - 'lOtr-or Home 444.r..-: -.v -?'4.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS'i - ,V.- tJ1 c -wpEfg7STt&55C5SSt, i t tner"" 'r-m - -1l "Py "ZV"'2-'V?i-$r;f .-VVli ts&w?--tAATO-?"kV-vitLiT"H- I -'j--r'FACT T?TOTyTHE BOURBON- NEWS, PAEIS,: . KENTUCKY&, - vrf - r-j?- A jt. , rtomxTr mat t, m r-,fefcIfle"BOURBON NEWS18f i-41 Years of Con-tinmoms PublicationXrerr Tuesday and Fridavr Taar $2.006, Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.X01Eixwimsis maxBEAUTIFYIWG HOMES- i uafenr ; muss xabgueme k. o'learyof Beading Pa., who says shehas pained -eicht nounds and cannr?!i 5i .1 i a ioh,.i . - , Z naroiy nna woras to express nerscrubs and their usefulness to be,' f TfmiaB-.for the eood theInterest in ..flowers, vinesCHAMP, Editor and Owner.ltatered at the Paris, Kentucky,PMtoAc as Mail Matter of theeec ClassJr0lT FOEEIGN EEPEESENTA-- " TIVES.Mew York American Press Assoietfien. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLoiisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING BATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertime for first time; 50 cents per inchv-Mck, subsequent insertion.Beading Notices,, 10 cents ,per line-each issue; reading: notices jn blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-.-mentsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved--to decline any advertisement ormother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied by"the cash.Any erroneous reflection upon the-. character, standing or reputation of-any person, firm or corporationwhich may "appear in the columns- of THE BOURBON NEWS will bef;laiy corrected if brought to the-attention of the editor.... . , praise ior awacitifying Homes and the grounds sur- medicine ier. .- "& .giai tiii.xi4.u.ca lu luureaoein .Kentucky as the flower plantingseason advances, according to gardeners at the College of. Agriculture.They have suggested eight varietiesof flowers that can be -used for cutting bouquets and five varietiesor vines that can be used aroundtrellises, side porches or windowsfor shades.The flowers together with the colorof their blossoms and the blossoming period follow:Asters, varied colors, July untilSeptember; Calliopsis, yellow, orangeand brown, June until September;Chrysanthemums, varied colors,August until October; Cosmos,white, pink and red, August untilfrost; Gypsophila or Baby's Breath,white, June untif "September; Poppy,wnite, yellow and orange, May untilSeptember; Shasta Daisy, white,August until frost and Scabiosa,white, black, purple, blue and rose,Iuly until frost.The Canary Bird vine is one of thepopular varieties used for shadingpurposes around windows and sideporches. It has a canary yellowflower that blooms from June untilfrost. The Cardinal Climber has ascarlet flower that blooms from Julyuntil frost, while the Moon Polwerhas white or blue blossoms that areout from August until frost. TheMorning'Glory has mixed colors andblooms from June until frost. Nasturtiums are crimson, maroon, orange and white and blooms fromJune until frost.EDITORIAL FUNGS"We might pick up a hlizzard yetBut I hardly think we shall.The young man ambles into debtTo buy sweet posies for his gal.The peanut roaster pipes its glee,-The ball club is on the. wing,, So let this mild effusion be"Official welcome to spring.. The principal reason President'Harding has not said what he thinks-of Congress is that he is too much" -of a gentleman to use that kind oflanguage."" The creator of "Nick. Carter," who- Skilled himself , may not have been a-smaster stylist, but no youngster ever-fell asle"ep while reading his celebrated works.A certain Paris physicians says-.-that flapperism is "just the revolt ofcyouth.' However, we could name-lots of Paris men who don't find itso 'terribly revolting.HEARD IN PARISHow Bad Backs Have Been MadeStrong Kidney Ills Corrected"aABTJSIMG EATi AHIBgSt I'-William Jennings Bryan had aharrow escape from being run overdin Philadelphia the other day. The"very fact that he was permitted toescape shows that the Philadelphiapeople are mightly poor runners.'zv -said the crustv old Parisuirf,bachelor'Sir Conan Doyle is no needred aroUnd this section to bring back, -.the departed spirits, as from I can"hear new ""supplies are coming inJ- -every day, brought in by more experienced mediums than he.".." The proposed anti-kissing law,which luckily failed to pass, in Kentucky, the State --which is the homerxt so many pretty women, would"fehave been unspeakably terrible.v Think of the great pleasure it would"shave deprived our girls of and the"' -vother sex!- " T'- -& Speaking of the Conan Doyle spirit.and ghost articles and the discussion they have provoked, a Paris. savRt "The latest theory of why"4S.--the table tips and is tapped at thesesceances is tnat an eciupittmaii, bis- projected here and there underat; a jelly-like leg which seems to-differ from the jelly-like leg formerly prominent in burlesque in that itis not of such visibility. -No, dearreader, it wasn't Dr. Keller who usesuch language!All over Paris you hear it. Doan'sKidney Pills are keenine- nn t,good work. Paris people are tellingabout it telling of bad backs madesound again. You can believe thetestimony of your own townsPeople. They tell it for the benefitof you who are suffering, if yourback aches, if you feel lame, sore?m?Wrable; if the kidneys act toofrequently, or passages are painfulscanty and off color. Ba tw-,:Kidney .Pills, the remedy that hashelped so many of your friends andneighbors. Follow this paw, izen's advice and give Doan's achance to do the same for youThomas A'Hern, proprietor restaurant, 927 Pleasant Street, 'says:Doan's Kidney Pills are all rightand I can recommend them highly'I used Doan's sometime ago whenmy kidneys were out of order and myback ached a lot just over my kidneys, ould have dizzy spells andfelt sleepy. I lacked ambition to domy work, too. As soon as I beganusing Doan's 'Kidney Pills, which Igot at Oberdorfer's Drug Store. I&u icuci auu uiree ooxes cured me."Price 60c, at a'll dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. A'Hern had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv,"I am so happy over what Tanlachas done for me I can hardly findwords to express my praise," saidMiss Marguerite K. O'Leary wholives with her parents at 1223Chestnut street, Reading, Pa. "Iwasn't exactly what would be calledsick, but for a year I had been allrun down and sometimes fet so weakand miserable I could hardly holdup my head. I was so nervous thetelephone hell "or a door closingwould startle me so I would tremblelike a leaf."I needed "something to build meup and give me strength and energy, and that is exeactly what Tanlac did. It gave me a fine appetiteand improved my digestion. I gainedeight pounds, the color came back tomy face, my nerves became normaland I soon felt as well as I ever didin my life. It is simply wonderfulthat medicine could make such achange in any one. My friends andneighbors are surprised when theysee me now, and no wonder, for Ilook like a different person. Tanlacis grand and I never intend to miss a"chance to say a good word aboutit."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists. :- (adv)Recent remarks on the importance of international good mannersin the preservation of cordial relations between countries by ElihuRoot should be taken to heart bysome newspapers and near-states-men, which seem to imagine thatabusing America's best friends is apassport to popularity. There arecertain professional trouble-makerswho for years have been assailingthe motives of the Japanese andprofessing to see in the expansion ofJapan's power in the Pacific, whichis a natural development of her legitimate enery and enterprise, a direct menace to the United States.No matter whether a Republican orDemocratic administration is in officethese attacks on Japan continue,showing that these fire brands areanimated not by ordinary partisanfeeling 'but a deep seated hatredagainst a particular nation.Another gang of trouble makershas been especially busy in findingfault with France ever since theWashington conference, and thenthere are the professional haters ofGreat Britain- and other friendly nations. Nobody expects this countryto have any essentially friendly feeling toward Germany for some timeto come, or toward the present distatorship of Russia, but surely thereis no excuse for the inflammatorycriticism so frequently indulged intoward our late companions-inarms.Well-founded criticism of foreigngovernments is always in order. Theobjection is to this continual ascribing of improper motives to all othergovernments but that of the UnitedStates.FORSk-'T tP1-SAEE""sExtra good Duror -boars, 17 to200 lbs. weight. Pork prices iftaken soon. Also some No. 1 baledhay.A. P. ADATR & SON,Paris R. F. D. No. 6,Home Phone Shawhan Ex., No.23-3- rings. (2-tf)NOTICEWANTEDHIGHEST CASH PEKX PAID.PLEMTT OF SACHS AMD TWUXAT MULE BABM.CAYWOOB & McCLlMTOCM.(may-2-4wks)EGGS WANTEDv'-Lawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Scissors and knives ground.We weld atfd" repair all metals incommon use and do general machinerepair work. '. SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON,.(apr21-tf,Eggs Wanted We pay the highestcash pricedeliver.ed to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 137East Fourth street. Home Phon190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O. CROMBULWe Buy and SellAll kindsof household goods."Special price on a 4-piece BedRoom set a beauty. Come and see it.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Street3.(augl5-tf)Cumb. Phone 402.WASTEDI want to rent a four or five roomcottage, or a three or four roomflat. Call THE NEWS office, BothiJPhones 124. (21-tf)INTERURBAN TIMETABLE"T-FOR. RENTWARNS OF BED DISGUISESNew Spring Colorsare produced upon youryear's garments bylastSwiss Dyeingwhich pnoduces a most pleasingeffectBeautiful Pastel Shade, Lavenders, Bluest Greens, etc., are produced in most brilliant tones.Cost & moderate.SWISSGleaners and Dyers-SHIP BY PACEli POST TO909 SOUTH SIXTH STREETILOUXSVXL&E, XT.Nicely furnished front room, with'all conveniences. Steam heat inwinter. Business man preferred.Apply to Apartment 1, Third FloorRobneel Building,, corner Main andEighth streets, Paris;"(5 2t) MRS. J. T. CLARK.FOR RENTNicely furnished room for rent.MRS. J. O. MARSHALL,No. 302 Second Street.(5-2t)Paris toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 aT m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m..7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.Lexington ,To Paris .-6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.-1:00 p. m. -2:00 p. m"3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.- 5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare. 60c: Ticket Fare. 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold' between.all points at reduced rates.KEHTUCKY TBACTI0N & TEBMIHAI. CO.(dec6-tf)FARMERS8TRADERSy' At a recent "meeting of Kentuckyfarmers and their wives at Lexing-Jtoa a members of the faculty of theCollege of Agriculture told the visitors that it is all wrong to rouse hensBr electric light at four o'clock inu mm,'no- -wifh a view to m-i"crsasing the egg output. The ideastems to be that such tactics will-- make tne nen ia.y uuu u. j- -stead of for you.ov Clock With Twenty Dials.. -.! Irnet Oftdock in San xuego, uai.,. gMtf- aad the time or aay or iuui.' f - ... f vio wrnriri ran be seen- -'jft-a glance. The dials also show thea. 4ay of the week and the date. Thetftedc, which is 21 feet high, is en-""see4 Ui plate glass. Four of the dialsae each four feet in diameter. It Ujeseli with tourmaline, "topaz, and;-1-isdUwBinated at HCt, wiwjpublish the betubns- This may be a cruel and heartlessthing to .suggest, but we would likemightily" to see the government order the publication by counties ofall income tax returns in the UnitedStates.We have a shrewd suspicion thatmany of our rotund plutocrats arenot making a just return on their incomes.Inasmuch as the facts are kentsecret by the tax officials, we haveno means of knowing " whether themulti-rich are making false returnsor noU Certainly very few of us believe that they are making true andcorrect ones. If they did,. UncleSam wouldn't be able to house themoney.It's an easy matter for a rich manto emDlov law vers to find wavs nf-beating the government, and it isgenerally suspected that many ofthem do it.No, we don't wish to ibe considered cruel to animals, but we justwould like mightily to see certainreturns. We opine they would be'second in interest only to the BibleKENTUCKY MEMOBIAL BUILDING CAMPAIGNBrigadier General Amos Fries,chief of the division of chemicalwarfare, U. S. Army, Mason and patriot, warns Americans of the dangers lurking in apparently innocentclubs and societies, the very members of which are unaware of thesinister purposes behind their organization "and the way in . whichthey are used for the spreading of"red" propaganda.In an address before a Congressof Parent-Teacher Associations, General Faries said:"There .are organizations to-dayworking through women's' clubs,men's clubs, fraternal, religious, labor and other bodies to teach communist doctrines. A number are operating under the -guise of organizations for the reduction of armaments or the abolition of war. Theydo not ordinarily admit that theyaim at communism and the destruction of modern government.General Fries quoted from a letter from a woman official of an organization" for world disarmament" inwhich she states: "I have no confidunce in anything- short of revolution, peaceful by all means, if possible, bloody if necessary, in everyland, resulting in the establishmentof the communist idea, in some form,to do away with waY.""Note that while this woman istalking about world disarmament,she advocates 'bloody revolution' ifnecessary to put her communism inforce,' said General Faries. ."Those who want to live in thatstyle should work for' communism,"he continued, "but those who desireto live as Americans should fightevery organization that tends to 'destroy the family and to make common property of everything in theworld, including human beingsthemselves."We all learn to speak glibly ofcommunists anarchists, bolshevists,and soveits. They are all the samerThey all have their ultimate aim,the destruction of the home and tomake everything in the world common property. If you destroy theincentive to work and build a home,civilization will fail."BANPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$36,000.00OFFICERSFrank P-Kiser, President8. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. W. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPThe Kentucky Memorial Buildingcampaign to obtain funds to erect amemorial to the State's World Wardead on the campus of the University of Kentucky probably will becontinued throughout the month ofMay, and the present prospects arethat the $250,000 .sought will beraised slowly, but surely, HerbertGraham, State Secretary, said.Louisville11 has subscribed $36,000of450,000 quota, Bourbon County,Hone of the few which hare madereports, has exceeded the $5,000 set,and Lexinfrtoev and Favette countvfiaYe raised more than $10i,000 ona siuujpe e;uota,in wa,aaaaao. , jf ji-). "jjrum MVUMMJainmiimbrighter;EVENINGSUmvJmW&mmnnm.my-'3mmWe Know a Farm Hand thatWorks For 30c a WeekDelco-Light is a farm handthat never eats, sleeps or tires.It pumps all the water neededin both house and barns. Itmilks the cows, separates thecream and churna the butter.And Delco-Light does all thiswork for about 30 cents a week.Delco-Light also gives youbright, safe, clean electric lighteverywhere in the house- andbarns. It makes your home lifebrighter, happier, more comfortable. " -Dependable Delco-Light ismade in 25 styles and sizes-asize for every need. All modelshave the famous four-cycle, aircooled, valve-in-head engine:only one place to oil. Over 140,000 satisfied users.Let us tell you how" you cansecure Delco-Light on our easytime payment plan.John Merringer.616 Main St., Paris, Ky.DEPENDABLE4Hi HBX-BBBSBJBBBBiBMiM""" " - 'We have in stock for the conyenlence of users of adding; machines, abiff stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint Youean buy frosajDM to' fuoasei "Let jmBare a triat';i-.Just HistoryIn 7iThe Colonial Dame"Spun her cloth 'By Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gueitiBy Coal Oil light;And later on,How time doei passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Bat the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just preises a -buttonAnd has Electric Light. .PariifeHMcli,r . -r g-- j' -ti -.-- - . - t.1: - Iy-" -wIN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour - exDerince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.my111 -MmIIMbSbvTP f H "..-A5-L ""--!V,yss-' "R ,, -,ifSv.""it?;5f" jr.-.-pirCjf iv,;?;.imK:.aajwarfM?T2Zl-L-5x.4,. --k3 -.--?JS- "Y"- "' " w "'-.c-L fcT -s. -t If? ?-""'JfiS5-,KV-Vf.--.:.' ." -? 'wi-'-fct'Said'ieftAj5--f .t." ? 'i.' 'f-CJ. . - -fl.t- rr.:( - - -na ?fe& - r.1- - st-v"3 h?a?r -car5ysw- -.--r -i- . - ? -- .- . .- -t - -7i r. -",'..,. - k.l- 'vT'"&r -'"..- s-JW --Tr--:. -,i- --. -r.z.-rz -?) --"Sb" vs-r.r-- "i't-l .' J?c - , t .- - -. j -. -j ; -r. - . t- 3i , .-j . . -ui.5r'-TiproXTjtioLT,-r;iiii -jJ-':.- - - --i- - j,jjst. i.,3stQsjS'.::' "J5?f."-- -... ' -r1 .-4iV W5t!ii-'BLAMING THE WOMANiiilnnnMinummMmiiiiiiiiniMimni"-,'fts-s'' ?fMtaiT JPV-to" -v?&s.&iu- e-,-fjCr-Wl:. iS- j'-!"" -"C-o'ifer Faithful FriendWe welcome the accounts of women and urge everyhusband to'start a bank account for his WIFE. Many aman has been saved from financial disaster because hiseconomical wife had tucked away money and had it onhand for a time of urgent need. Andthen every womanshould have a bank account and know how to handleaffairs, because there is one chance out of two that shemust some day rely on herself.We will welcome your account.'Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyf riSIXTEEN TELEPHNE COMPANIESASSESSEDThe tax assessment of the Louisville. Home Telephone Company wasfixed at $2,000,000 by the State Tax' Commission. The Louisville companywas one of 16 telephone companies"assessed hy the commission. Theassessments were finaLThe Maysville Telephone Com.pany, Maysville, was assessed at$100,000, as compared with $50,000 a year ago. The tangible valueis-fixed at $7,172 and the franchiseat $92,328, as compared with a tangible value of $11,125 and a franchise of $38,875 a year ago.The Paris Home Telephone andTelegraph Company, Paris, was assessed at $15,000, of which $9,015was on tangible property and $5,895franchise, as against $15,000 lastBlaming the woman, has been afavorite indoor sport since the daysof Adam. If one cannot blame - awoman under any other pretex, putthe fault upon her for having a sonwho does something he-shouldnrt!Apparently so reason those doubtless well-intentioned -but short vis-ioned occupants of "pulpits who seein the economic and political rise ofwomen from a dependent to an in-rdependent state the cause of all theills to which modern -civilization isheir.A wellrknown -revivalist declaresthat "the next war" is to be causedby the "flapper." He adds that allwars have been caused by "the-cte-pravityof women."A noted woman worker in socialhygiene advocates more women in.politics and more laws as a "cure forvice and the activities of viciouswomen.A national legislator -wants marriage laws so amended that from tendays to two weeks must elapse between issuance of license and marriage, as a cure for-divorce, the divorced women being one of the evilsof the country!I If would be a dull world if we allthought alike. .Yet one is remindedthat a fundamental of the government of what we revere as the landof the free. is tolerance; willingnessto concede to the other fellow theright to his opinion', even as wehold inalienable the right . to ourownTj No good American has dfay objection to -anyone thinking that flappers cause wars, that women are3 i evil creatures, that hasty marriagestangible and undermined the American home, orithat vice can be cured by "don't doyear, divided $9,305315.695 franchise.The Frankfort Home Telephone it" la3vs. But there is great, objecand Telegraph Company was assess-' tion of evangelists, educators anded at $25,000, the same as last year, stating as facts which they wish todivided $7,897 tangible and $17,303 he the basis of legal action what are,franchise, as against $7,667 tangible and $17,331 franchise ,last year.oBHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radlo-Active Miwofcco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.after all, only personal opinions, thetruth of. which it is diflicult to substantiate by any evidence.One does wonder, at times, whether these reformers who decry wo-j-men really had 'mothers, or if, like"Topsy, they "just growed!"USEES )F ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON -NEWS,?5 I1 : ws:, " SS-10-r i 4B m H H Bl m . ri nri r rl Jin iI' 1 ndim. - J X 1 ' t- Xr S I i i 1 lLi I JT I t TT Jr--A I 1-1 1 Tvi - "" I l- " x Sill lilt IV" "j t Ik " frAiA I III 1 y.x,--?-SYOUWho made die suit?It pays to laiow. Isthe fabric all-wool?The" style correct?The workmanshipfirst class? Here aresuits from a makeryou can depend uponfor all these thingsKirschbaum!40Mr. and Mrs. Venard Owenswere guests last week of relativesin Winchester.Forrest Letton . has returnedfrom a visit to 'friends and relativesin Memphis, Tenn. - ,r Mrs. Grover Baldwin has returned from a visit to Dr. and Mrs.J. T. Wallingf ordv, in Covington.Mrs. N. A. McCarty-has returned to ner home in Ewing after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity.L. R. Wheafley, of Ogd'en, Utah,is a guest at the home of his cousin,W. C. Rees, and family, on Pithianavenue.Nutter Wood, of Pernwood,Mississippi, is visiting his father, F.W. Buchanan, a.nd other relativesnear Paris.Mrs. C. O. Hinton has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, MissNell Winn Hinton, student at Science Hill -Academy, in Shelbyville.Hiram Adair, manager of theDundee Stock Farm, near Memphis,Tenn., is visiting his parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. Percy. Adair, nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. Ossian Edwardshave moved to their new home, atthe corner of Fifteenth and Mainstreets, purchased recently fromMrs. Bettie Mcllvaine.Mr. and! Mrs. Charles Spears, ofParis, were guests of Miss Sarah.Chowning, for the Davis-Long wedding, in Shelbyville, last week. Mr.Spears' was one of the ushers.Attorney Virgil M. Chapman,of Paris, delivered an address inHuntington, West Va., last week inthe interest of the Co operativer Tobacco Marketing Association plan.Mrs. Louis Rogers, of Paris,and her sister, Mrs. E. "H. Dorian,of Memphis, Tenn., left Sunday afternoon for Rochester, Minn., whereMrs. Dorfan will enter Mayo BrcTs.'Hospital for treatment.Mayor E. B. January, of Paris,Grand Master of the Kentucky OddFellows, was' a guest of Winchesterlodge last weelr at the celebrationof the one "hundred and third anniversary of establishment of Odd Fellowism. Mrs. C. L. Steenbergen has returned from Columbia, 'Mo., whereshe spent the winter with herdaughter, Miss Frances Ann Steenbergen, who is attending school there.Miss Steenbergen will return to Parisabout May 20.Mrs. G. W. Ranson, wBb hasbeen spending the winter with herdaughter, Miss "Lavalette Ranson, ather apartment on Cypress street, returned to her home in Richmond,Friday. She was accompanied byMiss Ranson, who was her guestfrom Priday to yesterday.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay and MissesElizabeth. Grimes and Laura Lilies-ton,-representing Jemima JohnsonChapter, D. A. R., were guests Friday afternoon at the meeting ofBryan Station Chapter, D. A. R.,held at the home of Mrs. WalterMatthews, in Lexington.Mrs. Clarence Colliver Dawes,Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs. JamesG'. "Metcalfe and Mrs. V.irgil Chapman, of Paris, attended the annualbanquet of the Chi Omega fraternity, held at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington. Miss Hilda Threlkeld, ofMaysville, niece of H. A. Power, ofParis, presided.Mrs. JohnF. Davis and Mrs. E.F. Clay will be hostesses to" themembers of Jemima Johnson Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution, at ''Hidaway," home ofMrs. Davis, on Vine street, on Saturday, May 13. One. of the mostinteresting programs of the springwill be presented.(Other Personals on Page 5)THE OLD-FASHIONED BOY( We Handle All Kinds xfEleclrical Novelties1Electric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasfers,vBroilers, Chafing JDishes, Electroliers, Alli. Kinds of Bulbs, Etc. .vGas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental. -r-' V.v: -,.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEimiimiiniiiniiiM niiiiMiuiiWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINE(tf)OPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery Service , -lRepairs Storage SuppliesCars WashedGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsJtpummtetxL MmtS-wmb or tmnty mccT-"&IT PAYS YOUTo visit Mabley's Cincinnati when you come to the city.Mablcy's name on any article means that it is the highest standard of quality, also that the price is right.Displays of Women's and Misses1 apparel, millinery, shoes,gloves, hosiery and dress accessories of every kind. -. '.' YOU ARE ALWAYS WELCOME. : ;Rest, Readine and Htine Rooms At Your Disposal. '"; 'and (anewttATKT TOM.3?srrStmMATifffrsfc -&tr.GET FIGURES 01 PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paint'is most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letjis figure on the job for you.Wo Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANECONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER. HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phont 10S7 Home Phono 399What ha tTecome of the. olcl-fasli-ionedboy who loved his mother, waspolite to his sisters, and respectedall womanhood.? We mean the boywho got up and gave his mother theeasy chair when she came into theroom; the boy who refused to laughwhen a dirty story was told, and wholooked upon his sisters as hisspecial chatge when they were outin company. The young fellows whowear dog-caps on the sides of theirheads and stand about on the streetcorners, talking to somebody's sisterand puffing smoke though theirnoses, are as different from the oldfashioned boy as day is from night.Can't you remember when therewere a lot of old-fashioned boys Jierein Paris? They swam in. the creekand they played the innocent pranksof boyhood. Not always gentle, butalways respectful. They called theolder men-Mr. So and So, and theylifted their hats to the ladies.Theyworked for their spending money andgenerally helped mother with a contribution ' toward the household expenses on. Saturday night. We justdon't seem' to get used to this turkey-trot,shimmy, sfangy, lack -of respect for anybody or anything era.If we were a girl we'd tie" a canto some of the nincompoops11 thatcome sneaking around. We wouldrather be a bachelor girl for a thousand years than to tie up to the noaccount young man that clutters thearth to-dayT" We do not aaythw-eare -no clean, earnest, induitrioiiiNfcrzcfrm:f--.THE tTNIERSAL CARI Down They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922Chassis,Runabout ......,,......:.Tou ring Cai-. . ..-..: . .;..,Truck Chassis ..,.....:..:.......fiAWfv ,(F. O. B. DETROIT)319 fAsn50648- n'tvic;' -'prIJKVN.If554;. tMji-' : : toTiolim any l -' -. fvow oiea In Parity .jTht?i-iZL. jvC.CwitLSriiirf;" wall .-im'riarm lCINCINNATIHJHIQ4-"S -a,- jj-Xffm-ij,yu .AJMJff.J. IUVU1. ,- lwt.jmm wCfcif ; - r"y r -jfil.i.at yczi, i4 -2,".' '- X.-XFAG8I0URSL.THE BOURB0NN1WS,- PARIS,, KENTUCKYTUiWDAT, MAT KsrrT-ptINs.b"- a. --WlML JOSEPH KcCOKBACK(Louisville Times)The science of medicine is so in-timately associated with humanityin all its phases that when a mancorispicious for professional skill andservice in the cause of alleviation ofhuman suffering is called by death, a-community mourns. "In the passingof Dr. Joseph Nathaniel McCormack,- the State of Kentucky sustains a. poignant sense of loss, and membersof"-the medical profession throughoutthe country lament the iact that ahard-working, progressive and intel-- lfgent physician has been called- from earthly duties. The "welldone" which Kentucky feelingly ut-ters is fittingly bestowed upon aloyal public servant.Doctor McCormack's -life is a record of zealous battling for ideals,and of 'achievements and honorsknown to few, It any, of his contemporaries in Kentucky. Emerg-" ing from obscurity of a hamlet inNelson county, after a boyhood ofdrudgery on a farm, he graduatedwith honors from the Miami Medical College at Cincinnati. His subsequent achievements in his profeffsion were panoramic. He was a pioneer in the State's fight againstquackery, and he framed statutesdesigned to promote public healthand succeeded in getting them enacted into laws, not only in Kentucky but in many other States. Herisked his life fighting cholera in1871, and was a hero in the fightagainst yellow fever in 1878. AsState Health Officer he did" valiant.' service for nearly a third of a censtury. Dying full of years and with a re-- markable record for activity andusefulness, Doctor McCormack willalways be an inspiration to the" young physicians who will comemarching behind him. He had hispolitical quarrels, inescapable in thelife of a public man, but emergedfrom them with a clean escutcheon.NHe had vision and a conscience, andhis work in his- particular spherewill be a beacon light for others tofollow. ' "DEATHS MATWMONIALA Eecord of Dan Cupid's Doings AtThe Days Go ByBAPPERT A marriage license was grantedFollowing an illness of but a few yesterday torn the office of Countydays from pneumonia, Hatfield i&CfsOlerk Pearce Paton to Arthur W.life Is But A Brief Span, A Debt jThat All Jlnst PayBappert, prominent building contractor, of Paris died about .6:30last night at. his home on Cypressstreet.Mr. Bappert came,, to Paris fromCincinnati and soon established himself as an expert in his line. By:dint of hard work, earnest application and goodKenton and Miss-Della Greene, bothof Paris.HOLLAND SUDDUTHElsie "H. Sudduth and Miss AdaC. Holland, an attractive young.couple "from Lexington, came toAD,-co nti,n 'Paris, Saturday afternoon and secur-h6 soon built up a good business '. ed a marriage license from the officeand acquired a competency that enabled him to keep ahead of adversity.In late years he formed a partnership with his nephew, George Determan, in the brick contractingbusiness, and extended an alreadyprofitable business.Mr. Bappert was. twice married,his first wife, a daughter of the Jlate Mike Ball, preceding him tothe grave over a year ago. Hissecond wife, whom he married a fewmonths ago, was formerly Miss RosaTobin, of Paris.Besides his widow, Mr. Bappert issurvived by his nephew, Mr. GeorgeDeiterman, of Paris, and one brother,Walter, Bappert, of Covington.The funeral arrangements had notbeen completed when THE NEWSforms wre closed last .night.of County Clerk Pearce Paton. Theywere married shortly afterward atthe home of the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, Mr. Sudduth, aninterior decorator, is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Russell Sudduth. Hishandsome bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Holland. After theceremony Mr. and Mrs. Sudduth returned to the bridegroom's home inLexington.oPITROFF, MIRACLE MAN, ATGRAND OPERA HOUSE" " - f AY YOIJR LICENSETHE CITY LICENSES AB NOWDUE. CALL AT ONCE AT THEPEOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST COMPANY, AND SAVE THEPENALTIES.C. K. THOMAS,(2-tf) City Collector.WOOLWE ARE IN THE MARKET FORWOOL, AND WILL PAY HIGHESTPRICES. GET YOUR SACKS ANDTWINE FROM US.BRENT & COMPANY, Inc.(apr21-5t)oChinese astronomical records goback to 2356 B, C. .ja-Jsi--"Graduation DressesIn Newest Models ArrivingDaily atLENOX.(Contributed)Mr. Joseph A. Lenox, -aged 513rears, died at his home on SouthMain street at eleven o'clock, Tuesday night, May 2, following a longillness from asthma.Deceased was a native of Harri-son county, but for a number ofyears has been a resident of Paris,holding a responsible position withthe Louisville & Nashville RailroadCompany. Several years ago whenhis lealth failed the company appreciating his worth and unwillingto release him altogether, gave himthe position as crossing watchmanat the freight depot crossing, whichhe hell? until a few weeks ago.About two year's ago his son, vlSo,was accidently killed whii engusj ed ill construction work and thefrail parent seemed not to have rallied from the shock.Besides his widow, Mrs. ElizabethLenox, there survive four children,Mr. Carl Lenox, of Covington, Mrs.F. L. McClanahan, Russell Lenoxand Edith Lenox, of Paris, two sisters, Mrs. J. S. Hill, of Muir Station, Mrs. Jake Stivers, of Cynthiana; one brother, Frank Lenox, ofParis; three half-sisters, Mrs. J. b.Ishmael, of Cynthiana, Mrs. Chas.Garrett and Mrs. Julia Ann Rudd,ofMissouri; and three nalf-brotners,Jim Lenox and Henry Lenox, ofCovington, and Wm. Lenox, ofBerry, Ky.The funeral was held at the residence on South Main street, Thursday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, withservices by HeV. c: H- Greer, of theMethodist church.Mr. Lenox was a devoted memberpf the Methodist church. He wasalso a member of the Junior OrderAmerican Mechanics, which held services at the grave, . -It is seldom that an attractionreceives the great amount of spacein laudatory comment as does Pitroff, the Miracle Man. who, with his! wonderful mystery, sawing a womanin half, will be an added attractionat" the Paris Grand, Friday and Saturday, May 12 and 13.Magic the Black Art neverseems any blacker than when Pitroff, master of bewilderfng mystries, declared that without sheddinga single drop of blood, he could cuta person in half and put him together again alive none the worse forexperience.A long, innocent-looking table isplaced on the stage. On this- Pitroffplaces a girl with her feet and headhanging over the ends. Then withboards in which holes are leftthrough, which her hands and headand feet protrude he boxes her in, inplain sight of the audience. Thenwith a cross-cut saw he saws thebox in two sections, pushing themnart and walking: tnrougn uiespace. The girl's head and part ofher body are in one section, whileher feet and the rest of the bodyare in another But go to the GrandFriday or Saturday night, and seefor yourself, . - i -. oVOTE FOR ME!--o-EODBlFire, Wind and Lightning Insnrftnce THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANTHIS DAY IS UNIQUEAREHUMAN BUZZARDS PROTECTED?-1THEPopularityContestAT THE LEADERVote For TheMost Popular GirlIn This Section, ; (Married of Single)Starting Monday May 8Tickets will be given awaywith each purchase of $1.00or over. "Each $1.00 ticketwill count for 100 votes' $3.25 will count for 325votes $5.00 will count for500 votes, etc. Scores willbit announced every afternoon at five o'clock in ouritore.On June 20th at noon thegirl receiving the largestnumber of votes will rectve any $25.00 dress inour store of her selection.We love the town of Paris, Ky.,and her people, hut we are not blindto our faults. One of these is thatsome of them'talk too much. Aswe write we have in mind a womanin the prime of life. We have heardher at her favorite diversion ofsmirching reputations and blackening good names. She gloats over apiece of scandal as a buzzard gloatsover a piece of carrion. She seeksthe first- opportunity to pass it on,and in passing it, adds a few slimydetail to the unsavory morsel as herlips drip with slander. She can befound in the hours when others areat work, as she industriously spreadsthe foul, contamination that soilssome woman's or man's character orgood name.Of all the loathsome things that, crowl upon the earth these villagetale-bearers, these assassins of char-It is interesting to hear the comment of intelligent foreigners uponthe observance of the annual Memorial Day in the South. It hasbeen the wonder of the world amongall peoples among other peoples"more especially than among AmeriCans who are immediately concerned--that two great groups of Stateslike those comprising the Confederate States of America and the groupleft in the old United States of"America- could have fought as theydid for four years an'd then cometogether ina closer Union than ever,forget the strife in so short a timeand turn to co-operation and unitedeffort for international progress andeternal protection.The foreigner who is a visitor inthe South to-day will see a uniquething: The observance of a day setapart for tribute to the men whofought against the Union 60 yearsago; the celebration of x the victoriesof the vanquished; the eulogies oftheir leaders. It has been in theSouth that on Memorial Day formergenerals of theUnion Army sat uponthe stage during the exercises heldunder .the Stars and Bars," and notonly heard the impassioned tributesby young men who will never forgetthe heroism of the men in grey, butactually participated, in the exercises, paying tribute to Southernleaders in- the war between theStates. It must seem strange to theforeigner. It is one of the uniquennl-pr. these Ivine: neddlars of gos, 4- a t,o -m net things that make America great&iy ttixs cue mcaucoi, "u vu. '""'contemptible. We can have someTnn a TKrimj-DntfT OTAPT?VOTE FOR ME!-o-BEBEIES EVERY DAYmeasure of forgiveness for the oldI crone who sits all day alone by herfire, who is hungry for some one totalk to, whose hearing has failedand who does not repeat correctly.But when a man or woman, with noexcuse, goes about the community,lyiiiB tuu CAa5rjatm6 aiiU xxxxo Tfafhia-hine- keens on. a commonrepresenting and misquoting, spread-l- wnen tWQ women meetand .Americans greater.oFresh berries received every day.C. P. COOK & CO.. oing discord, breeding hatred anddistrust, estranging friends and leaving a path of ruined reputations,shattered hopes and broken hearts,will be: "Howde do, have you killedyour husband yet?"The young man who goes crazytnere ougnt to oe some way to maKe over a girl rarely has xthe requisitethem suffer as they make others am0Unt of brains to make a goodsuffer. ' husband.We have cleaned. 'up" the town in I omany ways; let us clean it up of this Margot probably would make anasty habit of gossip. We have much better impression back home,planted flowers in many places in -too,, if she would let her Americanthis good city of Paris, Kr; let us money do the talking.the 'hearts of .plant .kind words inour friends and neighbos.A. humorous .writer on one of, theIf James M-. Cox. is, -a politicalcorpse, as jus- enemies say, maica-v -SLiii j jt i 4. i fA tions are that the .corpse will delayLouiyilla dalliesJu;:.truly wrlttenict .' ...! .--slv'..i.nit f 'r ' J! iS-Tc: --t a " .f'itkfc;- interment somewhats ,'i-iv im -ix ii. aiTI . , '-O r i4JpitpL.ftrth ifvJyw jwtfoc tieVTiJZ ? JE4 -Ttard.duclc.. brt$dj ,asv.far:Announcement!I have opened a Men's and Boys' Clothing and Furnishings and Merchant Tailoring Store at 613 SouthMain Street. In order to get acquainted I am runningAn Acquaintance alestarting Saturday, May 13th. Just a few of ourspecials: -& S,-SUITSMEN' ALL WOOLLATEST STYLESOfferingNo. 1..OfferingNo. 2..OfferingNo. 3..$18.50$21.50..$24.50Boys' Suits$6.982 Pairs PantsSuitsMen's Pants$1.39. $1.79$3.79Khaki$2.00 valueWork Pants2.50 valueDress Pants$600 valueHeavy 220 WeightOveralls (1 Qfl$'2.00 value 4 I .VviB. V, D.'sat .r59cDressShirts89cChildren'sHalf Socks.15CMen's Hosepair10cBlue WorkShirts69cSilkTies$2.49ALL WOOL SUITS C07 CflMADE TO MEASURE . . . . IV I pWWAnybody buying a Ready Made on Made-to-Order Suitgt g$y time I will press it once a month free for oneyearsim:IFtOZEHSr613 MAIN STREETWe Sell Good Quality Merchandise CheapPalmBeachSuitsSilkShirtsI - - - lr-i",WJJ"""'""" ; 7'!. "JIM HPalmBeachSuitsSilkShirtsStraw, Hats, Panamas, Leghorns and Bangkoks areReady for First Showingxt ,. th time to cast aside that old hat and "top" yourself in a Straw, Panama,TKhnorKkokhat "The right hat at the right price" is what you are going to, e j ??nre ready with the hat and the price.demHs wm meet with a hearty response among men who seek likeableheadea?. CHOoKoUES TODAY. Coma in and let us start you right with theseason's latest straw- Panamas Leghorns. Bangkoks' $4.00 to $b.00 $5.UUStraws$2.50 to $5.00$6.00RWALSH7th and Main-One-Price Store- "oe Fone 44 mfo. PhoMSOe-jj- . j-' - r ""v,--vParte, Ky.-fir jf5r -"!, - x' 'rr-'1-- - aiaBi' wnIV9MDT i.2" :i- frVHr, tV-iTUBSDAY,SlCAY 9, 19221,-5fc'iCI :OTRBOURBOtf 'NEWrV P&SkiNTOOTI j .. . 2I . " . ? - -ri --Mivr,"--...j&.ijvis'i;."srfey asf-"- - --err-V-v.5 -jJRSMs iTr-v,iL- ----, .Sa--r7ET--I I " r:' .I-3;'. V .X" " -I . . - -tdmgtorXPERSONALS'GIFTS THAT LAST"VOTE FOR ME!AUTO SALESComings and Goinffi of Some YonKnow and Othefl YouDon.Mrs. Nell Marrs Board and babe,"of Harrodsburg, are visiting relatives in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. "WTL. Shropshire.The Kinkead-Wilson Motor Com- 0f Bourbon county, were recent vispany, of Lexington, reports the sale itors in Oenrtn-nmrt' 4a TTiYvwiVifl a 4-. ! x m I .vi. j xiupiuuuuc luunug car iu hi.Foley Marrs, of Paris.HONEST QUARTSWe sell honest quarts of berries.Putfthem on the scales.' See what'swhat.(1& C. P. COOK & CO.- gNEW BUS LINE. ""New bus line between Lexington,Paris. Blue Licks, Fairview, Ewing, IFlemingsburg, will start next Mon-JPatient atday, May 15.Leaves Flemingsburg where sheMrs.. John Bower and Mrs.Catesby Woodford, of Paris, wererecent visitors in Winchester.: Mrs. A. B. Closson, Jr., of Vincinnati, is a guest of Mrs. CatesbyWoodford, for the Lexington races.Mrs. J. Reed Werness, of Louisville, is visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. P. W. Early, on Pleasantstreet. 'Mrs. Joseph Wasson, who has'been seriously ill of influenza at herhome near Paris, is improvingslowly.Mrs. E. C. Ralls, of Paris, is aa Lexington hospital,is undergoing medicalMAYOR ISSUES WARNING7 a. m., Lexington 3:45. Fullschedule to be announced nextweek.REO COMFORT .BUS LINE,Fred Weckesser, Manager.TO INSTALL LATEST MODELRAY MACHINEDr. J. A. Stoeckinger will" returnfrom Chicago this week, where hepurchased for the firm of Kenney &Stoeckinger, one of the latest modelX-ray machines for their offices. Anexpert will accompany the machinefrom Chicago and will install ijt readyfor business.& 0DANCE CLUB'S DANCE, THURS. DAY, MAY 11.Invitations have been issued forParis Dance Club's May Dance to beheld at Stuart & O'Brien's warehouse, Thursday, May 11th. Thehours are from nine to three, andSmith's Saxophone. 'Orchestra willfurnish the music for the occasion.Russell Frank is president and Wm.Wornall is secretary of the club.er-.&ARDEN DAY AT THE SMARTSHOPFr'fcday, May 12, things for thegarden. You are cordially invited.,MRS. S. W. WILLIS & MISS HAT-.TIE CLARK, Proprietors.Bourbon Agricultural Bank Building, Take the elevator.(8-2t)0VOTE POR ME!-o-THE LEADER'S POPULARITYCONTESTThe Leader Store's popularitycontest, in which the most popularParis woman, married or single,who receives the largest number ofvotes will receive a $25.00 silk dress,began yesterday. The scorewill be announced at The LeaderStore at five o'clock each afternoon.Tickets will be given away witheach purchase of $1.00 or more.Each $1.00 ticket will count for 100votes, 3.25 will count for 325 votes,$5.00 will count for 500 votes, etc.On June 20 the woman receiving thelargest number of votesy-will beawarded the dress, being given herchoice of any $50 silk dress in thestore. - . .. ;!RUMMAN'S STORE BURGLARIZEDUsing a heavy timber, with whichthe iron-protected rear door wasbattered in, burglars forced an entrance to the clothing store of S.Rummans, and carried away clothingand other merchandise valued atabout. $300. The heavy door, protected by iron bars on the inside,was literally smashed to pieces.A hasty inventory showed twosuits of clothes, two pairs of shoes,two hats, and a quantity of men'swearing apparel, together with twocostly leather suit cases missing. Mr.Rummans notified the city and county authorities, who have the case inhand.o-"THE PLAY'S THE THING!!treatment.Mrs. E. P. Clarke has returnedfrom Phoenix, Arizona, wiiere shehas been for several weeks visitingher husband.Mrs. Edward W. Fithian, ofAshland, fs visiting at the-home OfMr. and Mrs.' Charles N. Fithian, onPleasant street.Mrs. I. J. Calnan and daughter,Miss Julia Margaret Calnan, havemoved to Cincinnati, where theywill reside in the future.Mrs. Yutaki Minakuchi, ofParis, has joined the Paris colonysojourning at Miwogco MineralSprings, near Milan, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. Talbotthave returned from their bridal tourthrough the East, and have takenapartments at the home of Mrs.Hugh Montgomery, on Duncan avenue. Miss Belle Horton left thismorning for Cincinnati, where shewill be a guest for several days ofRev. Carey E. Morgan and daughter,Mrs. Fielding Gordon, formerly ofParis.James N. Rheinhardt, managingeditor of the Berea Citizen, andHezekiah Munsey, lumberman, andT. S, West, student at Berea ollege,have returned to Berea after a visitto Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry, at their jhome on the Georgetown pike, hearParis.tfhe ''Sample Case" page of theSunday Lexington Herald, says":"Dan Jordan, a popular grocer fromParis, Ky., says he always looks forward to the Sunday Sample Case.He has lots of friends among thetraveling men and the Sample Caseserves ,to keep him posted."Lieut. John Manning Spessinger, of the Supply Corps, of theUnited States Navy, has been spending the past week with Mrs. Speissenger and little daughter, Nettie, atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. P.. WEarly, on Pleasant street. Lieut.Speissinger is distributing officer onthe U. S. S. "Delaware."To-day Central- Kentucky Branchof the American Association of University Women -will meet at thehome of Miss Frances Jewell onAshland avenue to give an afternoon tea, with the senior girls ofTranslyvania College, and of theUniversity of Kentucky as guests ofhonor. This is planned 'to be a mostdelightful affair.Mrs. A. B Hancock gave abreakfast yesterday morning in compliment to her brother, Mr. CharltonClay, and the members of his houseparty. Those present were Miss McAvoy, Mrs. Julius Walsh, Mrs. CoraSouth Brown O'Fallon, Mrs. HenryGarneau, Mr. Willard Cox, all of St.Louis, Mo., Mrs. Robert Coleman,Mr. Edward Stoll, of Lexington, andMr.sCharlton Clay.Dr. and Mrs. Robert M. Coleman entertained with a party assembly at the Country Club nearLexington in compliment to Mr.Charlton Clay's house guests, Mrs.Garneau and Mrs. Cora O'Fallon, ofSt. Louis, Mr. Epperson, of Chicago,Mr. Craig Culbertson, of Louisville,and Mrs. Julius Walsh, of St. Louis.Other guests were, Mrs. ArthurCarey, William Stoll, Mrs. Wm. S.Barnes, Mr. Madison Bosworth, Mr.'Mr. XJharltonActing under the impression thatit would be a good thing to remindthe p'eople of Paris that certain ordinances on the books of Paps werestill in force, Mayor E. B. January.has fssued the following statement"to Chief of Police Link, to be impressed on the people:"There are ordinances on RecordBook F of the city of Paris that havenever been repealed or amended, asfollows:"Those prohibiting the playing,passing or throwing of baseballs inthe streets or in the highways ofthe city; those forbidding the loitering of persons around or on thepremises of any depot or waitingroom of any railway in the citywithout the intention of taking passage or having proper --business atsuch depots or waiting room; thecongregating of persons on the pavements or streets of the city, obstructing the passway of the traveling public."I shall insist upon the enforce-,ment of all ordinances in the cityunder the penalty of suspension andinvestigation."NEWS OF THE COURTSIn the- County Court, ArthurMack, alias Whitesides, was presented before Judge George Batterton on a charge of petit larceny, andgiven a sentence of thirty N days injail. Mack pleaded guilty to acharge of robbing the sample trunksof Ben Downey, formerly of Paris,traveling salesman for the Ades DryGoods Co., of Lexington, whileDowney was attending a ball gamein Paris. Mack had been out of jailless than a week when he looted theLtrunks, which were in the autotruck driven by Downey.Cash Crowe, who was broughtinto court on a charge of sellingmoonshine whisky to Melvin Storey,of Carlisle, was given a hearing onthe charge, and held in $500 bondto appear before the grand jury atthe next term of the Bourbon Circuit Court. Crowe was convicted atthe November term of Circuit Courton a charge of having whisky in hispossession for the purpose of sale,and was fined $100. Under the recently-enactedlaw, if convicted inthis case, it will constitute a felony.0BIRTHSMr. and Mrs. L. H. Plunkett, ofnear Hutchison, are receiving congratulations on. the arrival of a ninepound son at their home. Mrs. Plunkett was formerly Miss Lydia Whalen. The new arrival is their fifthchild; first boy.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Robert-;son are receiving congratulationsupon the, arrival of a daughter attheir home on Winchester - street.The new arrival has been namedNancy Allene Robertson.SELLS FINE HORSESanford C. Carpenter, of Millersburg, recently sold the good gelding,Dexter Dare, by King Chieftain, outof a Montgomery Chief mare, to J.P. Wallace, of .Ohio, for $1,500.This gelding won thirty prizes during the past season.REAL ESTATE DEALSR. O. Dancan sold to C. P. Mann,of -the Paris Realty Co., his residence located on Seventh street fora -price not reported. Mr. Mannwill move to the residence on orabout May 15. Mr. and Mrs. Duncan will move to Lexington to reside. Mrs. Monroe Mansfield purchasedof "Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Lytle, a nicebuilding lot on Henderson street,near the Paris High School building, for a private price.0BEST HOME INSURANCEPARIS HIGH SCHOOL SENIOR Edward Stoll andnT.ASS PT.AY. THUttSUAX AIMU "FRIDAY NIGHTS, MAY 11 AND 12AWTSSTON. 75 CENTS. RESERVMs. James W. Thompson entertained with a luncheon Friday atAGAINSTSTRONGSETTLE-INSURE YOUR HOMEFIRE AND TORNADO.COMPANY. PROMPTMENT.(apr25 4t-T) A. J. FEE, Agent.0 'NO INCREASED ADMISSION TOSEE DERBYREADYWith Our Straw HatsFlexible Sailors, Toyos, Leghorns, PanamasAll Styles, All Sizes$2.OO to $5.00Now is the Time to Make Your SelectionfS55 a IPMm OlMEcijtTMga JSWe Have Also ReceivedMany New and Beautiful SuitsFancy or Plain Models$12.50 to $29.50Come in and See How You will" Look in OneLEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street''ft -Buy Your Work Clothing Aere and Saves'rr. -' ' a r." -j&viiij . il . immatmm$vvng&w.iJL i 1 . .jrvtvJa-4, ,. -x"n o-pits nw SALE AT WORICK'S her home near Paris in honor of theTrrp-PT SHOP bride-elect, Miss Delia Smith, ofDWXiXiX Q Lexington. The decorations were-DAPTS WOMAN PAK- lillies of tne valley ana narcissusTORHERALYSIS VICTIMand the name cards were in bridalemblems. The guests for the delightful occasion were: Miss DeliaThe pric-3 of admittance toChurchill Downs on Derby Day, May13, will be the same as usual. Reports have been circulated tht thecharge on Derby Day would be $4.40.The customary $3.30 on Derby Dayand $2.20 on the other days of themeeting will be the prices.COUNTY GARDENCLUBParis relatives were notified yesfy terday of the serious illness 01 miss smith, Miss Martna jucuiure, mrs.Mattie Hite, formerly ot rans, wuu Elbert uary auicnne tumcaguj,nas been making her home in Cin ,Mrs. Louis des Cognets, Mrs. Chas.cinnati for several years with her Kendall McDowell, Mrs. Hoganniece, Mrs. Frank W. Shackleford t Yancey, Mrs. Gatewood Clay, Mrs.and family. ' Jo Carter, Miss Sterling Coke, MissMiss Hite was stricken with par- Elizabeth Chenault, all of Lexingalysis Sunday while engaged in her ton.household duties, the stroke affect- (Other Personals on Page 3). ,.. tioarf hnth arms and her ,.right side. Yesterday another mes- BOURBONsage -was received, stating that MissHite had suffered a second paraiynu rstroke which affected ner leu siue. 1 xne nexi uiwuuB w. m ,wijMiss Hite is a sister of the late County Garden. Club Will he held onVrs W A. Hill, and an aunt of Thursday afternoon, May 11, at threeitfMM-s George M. and W. A. Hill, o'clock, at the home of Mrs. BT. C.vrr B PiirmlL Ufia&e Elizabeth ' Buckner and'MiiB "Nellie- uckner,l-Vil'-mif amd Wm'. W. Dudley, on, life Airy avenue. This promisestrfVteris -Ske haaoe.otds.tQ-beeof the most interesttng of.f-flLv, arMBtthv cosot to the Garden -Club's meetings for theFOR RENTMy 9 -room house on the corner ofSeventh and Higgins avenue. Housecontains all modern, improvementsand has been newly painteH and papered. "MRS. JAKE ELOVE,(9-2t) Home Phone J.9 8.VVE ARE SHOWINGLIVING ROOM SUITESIn many designs at most reasonable prices. "' Let us serve you.who srpatiiyGraduation DressesIn Newest Models ArrivingDaily atHave You Heard the NewCOLUMBIA RECORD HIT?Buy it now. Columbia Grafonolas are the best Talking Machines.There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machine.THE J. T. HINTON CO,ElTHEItmONE UPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AMD NUMMotor Hoarse Motor Invalid Coach UfMsortaMaev.-xs-p .g, -St -Ti?.."-snuf.fkMhr. 'fii "".pBP?-3Wf3.TS . Xj5--vTff-?r--f rr'CtX" Sfw&&e.y.p;EjZZ---ii2&--. yi.icy 'aVXC U3S-"-v.-"'s-tjsr --?'--1 '-.-v" . x.r-?V.- , . - " "THEPARIS, OBTOare-t. ! rr -k-5 "'HtCOK&bSAVlf TS TILTTHE TWOIMPOSTOISJ . ,!- .fc -A "-at "? -&$-rK-k. "X.-.--tr,'S&flfED,MP0m k. , ! Ipw J -J v L w bspirmWARNING! Say "Bayer" when you J)uy Aspirin.'&' Unless you see the name "Bayer" on tablets, you are7 not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed, by-physicians'jr over 22 years and proved safe by millions for: Headache Colds gfeumatism;: Toothache Neuralgia NeuritisV - Earache Lumbago Pain, Painri "2 -" " - . f .. 7. .- Accept only "Bayer" package which contains proper directions.Handy "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Also-bottiea of 24 and 100 Druggiata.""" " Aspirin Is the trade mark of Bayec. Manufacture of Monoaoeticacldester of Sallcylkadd- . Actomism. ' ,A little -while ago, in response to anxpressfcd need foe some word whichWould Indicate optimism plus action,- fhe word "actomisr' was coined. Anctoralst Is-nn optimist who makes thelost of every opportunity to apply hisptlmlsm and who does not confine hisfforts to breezy sayings. Journal ofIndustrial and Engineering Chemistry.CAHAL BROS.BARBEE SHOP4 WHITE BAEBEES-4Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite SerrioeHOT A2TC) COLD BATHSHUTEverything in thePaint and Varnishline nothing butthe best. "GET OURPRICESVarden & SonDruggistsVACATIONS,-- - isWhat, in fact, is a vacation? Thedictionary sets it up pretty well:"A stated interval in ar round )f duties or employment, as for rest andrecreation." Then the object of avacation is rest and recreation. Thisis the accepted vacation, season.The idea is to get the most out of it.- To do that, probably, a completechange, in the usual routine of lifeand occupation will do the mostgood. As a rule, city people recreate in the country, along- the lakeshores or 'in the mountains. Country folks hurry to the city. Changeof scene and environment is whatboth- crowds re looking for. Andcorrectly.By sticking around the same oldhaunts in vacation time, one is aptto return to his job, whether a bank,or a farm or behind a counter, mindsick and limb weary. And his timeoff will have done him little .good.Many men and women at the vacation period try to forget absolutely, for the time being, their usualform of existence. They step outof themselves, as it were. Theybrush the mental cobwebs from theirminds.Rudyard Kipling has a positiveh genius tor coiornii ana impressivephrases, and nothing he has writtenis more worthy of comment than asentence in his famous poem entitled, "If.'"If you can meet with Triumphand Disaster tAnd treat "these two impostorsjust the same.""Impostors" is the accurateword. There is a -measure of delusion in success.tory easily sour. Fame has wings.Conquerors are also mortal. "Thehero of to-day pushes the idol ofyesterday out of recollection, andwill in. turn be supplanted by hissuccessor of to-morrow." The greatman who rides at the head of a procession and listens to the band playLo, the Conquering Hero Comes,"smiles grimly as he muses how slightthe distinction between a triumphalmarch and a dirge. The higher ii?mail & carried by popular acclaim,the farther down h$ is likely to be"flung by a reversal of public favor;The snares of success are tilimerous.Victory wears a mask. Not onlydeath, but likewise goBgip, slanderand vaulting1 ambition love' a shining mark. The Great Teacher spokesagaciously when he. said, "Woe unto- KEEP THE GRADUATES-HOMEATThe schools and colleges will soonbe graduating their 1922 classes. Asystematic effort should be made toretain in our country towns everyone of these young people. Eachone should be offered some chanceto work into our home- industries onan independent basis.Each one should be shown the advantages, benefits, pleasures andglorious future of country life. Heshould be shown that while 10 and20 years ago the hopes of the youngcentered in the cities, today thecountry is the real opportunity. .t . oAs in- Football;Life Is full oi ups and downs and Ittakes a wise fellow to make his downshelp him towards his goal. BostonTranscript.9Which Daily Paper?A Question That is Quickly and Readily AnsweredThe Courier-iFournalLargest Morning -Circulationof Any Kentucky NewspaperEnjoys a nation-wide preslige and reputation, ft is.essentially a newspaser, intent upon giving news matterfirst consideration.Maintains its" own news bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of theAssociated Press.With important legislation coming before Congress andthe Kentucky General Assembly in 1922, the CourierJournal is the. daily newspaper you will need.By special arrangements we are now able to offerThe Daily Courier-Journal. ANDThe Bourbon News -BOTH ONE YEAR ET CABY MAIL FOR ONLY D.DJThis offer applies to renewals as well as new subicriptions, but only to people living in Kentucky, Tennessee or Indiana. New subscribers may, if desired,itart at a later date, and renewals will date ;from expiration of present ones.If you prefer an evening newspaper, you may subititute The Louiiville Times for The Courier-Journal.ordtn to the dfficeof THESod . or bring your-.Following soon after the actionof the house in voting overwhelmingly iniavor of extending, presentimmigration laws for one year, aSenate committee has reported favorably for extending the proportionlaw for two years. Senators wouldprevent the law from expiring during a congressional recess and toprovide ample time for enactment ofa permanent policy on immigration.The senate probably will approveI tVin i-ity-iyvi 5 - nnn i. X t-J1'The sweets of vic-1 --.wb icpun, aner wnicnagreement of the house shouldyoji when all men speakwell ofyou."., Defeat" is no more real or lastingthan victory. If there be a fly inthe ointment of success, there is ajewel in the vinegar of failure. Disaster has no monopoly on disillusionment. -Triumph comes in for ashare, and a generous share at that.A man is not down to stay unlesshe has abandoned his self-respect orscuttled his will power. It is possible to take defeat and victpry tooseriously. Neither should be regarded as an end; both may be butincidents. Of the two extremes,failure is possibly more educativethan success. "Neither heights nordepths" can mar the soul of a really igreat character.The youth of every age needs toknow these antipodean experiencesof life, not according to their reputation but as impostors wearing aclever disguise. Youth needs to bewarned not to worship at the shrineof the great god Success. Buoyantyoung life has equal need to betaught not to fear reversals or shundefeat. Too- great a premium hasbeen attached t6"prize winning. Toolittle has been made of the discipline that comes through adversity.Unintentionally, position has "oftenbeen exalted above principle, andthe keeping of the faith at whatever hazard belittled by the blase.Whether a statesman misses thepresidency or a schoolboy fails inthe oratorical contest, the stars continue to shine, the roses to bloomand life and love are vibrant. Onlya few things really count, and supreme among these are love, honor,truth, justice andr magnanimity.These are not impostors.nottake more than a month or two ofvaluable congressional time. But theproposal does not go iar enough.Congress should grant the Presidentexecutive control of the alien inflow,within certain limits. It should bepossible to raise and lower the barriers in keeping with changing conditions. For the altering to waitupon the slow and time-killing process of useless congressional debateY(l 1? unsatisfactory to all concerned.-sIndicated congressional action,plundering and uncertain though itbe, Sterns to assure, a continuance ofthe barriers against uncontrolled inflow of European and Asiatic aliensfor the time being. It is entirelyprobable that a permanent immigration -policy will be left for the. nextadministration to struggle with.GIRLS! LEMONSBLEACH THE SKIN- CORNSLift Off with FingersDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,Instantly that corn stops hurting,then; shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufllcient to remove everjr hard -corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. " (adv-T)KENTUCKY BISCUIT AND HOBSESPLEASE VISITOBfirst thing a Newarrival in Ken-"W-hat is theYorker does ontucky?""Well," Miss Martha Maynard, ofNew York, said, 'Thought a plate-ofthose delicious little beaten biscuits,and then a group of pictures of Kentucky race horses."Miss Maynard, social representative of the Vanderbilt Hotel, of NewYork, "is in love with the Southernspirit of hospitality. Why, everyone is so nice, cordial and extendsa really cheerful welcome."It is something we lack in theEast; I don't know why, and the'homey' feeling here makes onewant to locate in Kentucky. In the.East 'persons are so indifferent andsuspicious'-' - - - aMise Maynard.-wilL be in Kentuckyjtor M$ral jdayj-aid' ,18 "jgolji toImy biarmpfeliteM; biscuits 'tid- Squeeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing threeounces of Orchard White, ivhich anydrug store will supply for a fewcents, shake well, and you have aquarter pint of harmless and delightful lemon bleach. Massage thissweetly fragrant lotion into the face,neck, arms and hands each day,then shortly note the beauty andwhiteness of your skin.Famous stage beauties use thislemon lotion to bleach and bringthat soft, clear,, rosy-white complexion, also as a freckle, sunburn, andtan bleach because it doesn't irritate. . (adv)Balls made from newspapers andsoaked in kerosene are said to be asubstitute for coal. Now is the timeto subscribe.Popular!fwith3gMMiM yGilktte rW Blades TNow at allDealersThe "Brownie" a genuine Gillette RazorandThe Blades these genuine Gillette BladesandThe Price $1.00 for"Brownies-Razor complete with three blades'TbeBroivnieQitieiteCOLETTE SAFETY RAZOR C6BrtM.UiA.OCX -jV i .J r-J U WXOVJblades like the genuineuuiette DiaaesPAT. NOV. 15. 1904CAUE77-o a oTO BE" RESHARPEN.A'T,s J .x AQ V. rv? M? ;vv?Shoes RepairedWhile You WaitQuick srvice; thorough workmanship; best materialsused; first class workmen; modern, machinery meansatisfied customers. We repair shoes while you waitno delay.(tf)CLYDE TYREENei(t Door to Oberdorftr's Dm StorePatronize Bourbon News Advertisers.No War TaxEffective May 8, 1922, the Excise Tax on United States Tires forpassenger cars, both casings and tubes is absorbed by the makers andis not added to the selling price. United States Rubber CompanyNever before could youget so much tpe worthior iu.vctjiIAR-OWNERS whoboughta 30x3."Usco" for $10.90 last Fall havediscovered this by nowNobody before ever sot. so muchtire value in the neighborhood of ten dollarsThey never had.to question the qualitywith the makers of U. S-Royal Cordsbehind itThey couldn't help admiring the;price spontaneously made tomeet the new economy times.A tire that wouldbe high value atmorethan$10.90.At $10.90 it isunapproached.UritedStsttsTfresTtGoodTVtsCopyright1922U.S. Tire Co.United States linesUnited States $ Rubber Company!.liVkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkWkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkWkkkkkkkwwwwiWhereyou can'U.tJ JL"Mt"'".- .. -"MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., Mfflenbur , Kt- RUGGLES MOTOR CO., Pari,, Ky.WmERQNT GARAGE, P., Ky.'" 'V ---- --- " ?"-.-. a2 - ''iZPs-'b.JOtj;',V -r-1-'ff.I(siwppiPBPfwp?mmmmm1caTace kore picture.'"2.-43&z"lt-T.t ' , -j . t r .-,"r-.'F-:v" " ?V"w?'"' "- -v - " ' ? V t-'-" - " V- .'- JO -... -. - - .- v " t:" '."... " -west ?" -"?.- ,.','"!? --Tui6Di.t, mat 9;.iftr..-'., ,JT .. 'i .''-- 1- - - -r,--rx' - --:i-".;---1 .WJMRNiraEailfrfr-ra-mmmmirmmg"g5SB to L, 1 f1 III l "HI-,rr I, ii. j.H5HC3BqE3x,-c i-WELHJ1S6!lTry motlier in the land who hasat youagster, or so in school is probbly wondering one little importantwonder these days will he Haqs?- And in turn it ought to makeTerybody wonder if mother and dadYer stop to think that a great deal-of it depends on the help sonnygets at home.It's looked upon as a great handicap, by the little folks, when theyslip behind the class of kiddies theystarted out with. One slip certainlymust leave some sort of am iinpres-... . -. ... --.. -. Ision. Ana it's not likely to be' avery favorable one.If a child 'starts clipping early inlife it is that much easier to sliplater on.To give him the best of starts inlife, mothers and dads, why not sacrifice an evening-or so each week andlend a hand with little lessons thatseems trival to you, but mean a heapto your little girl olboy?T-"?'.'?-5, '"r-."-" 'VHOSE SHORTAGE FOLLOWSiTliaDECLHIE IH BBEEDWG "IIt was a real estate deal in whichAanaias- got caught, but thereis abig field for speculation on jrehat hemight have done in this diversifiedage.45GFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGship your POULTRY -no CALVESfJ MM'JJMlnluL'JiMIn businesM in Ciambmmti mince 1SSSIf you ship by truck inslat on delivery to us.Ws want hens, old roosters, young chicksall sizes, ducks, turkeys, geese, guineas,capons and squabs. Ship any quantity anyday, calves any day but Saturday. Highestprices, accurate 'weights, prompt remittances assured.Write for tags and poultry coops.SIMMONS & NORRIS3 te 7 W. Water St. Cinclaaati, OkJs.The breeding of farm mares hasdecreased about 75 per cent since1915, according to W. S. Anderson,a member of the College of Agriculture Janimal industry department,Lexington. This fact is seen as oneof the most important causes for ashortage of good draft horses andmules, which already exists andwhich mav become more seriousduring the next few years. Thereare jplenty of ridndescript and poortypes of horses and mules, but thesmall supply of better-type animalaindicates an opportunity for thefarmer to increase his profits bybreeding mares for the production ofcolts that can fill the- demand, hesaidrA decided increase in the numberof horses and mules that ae used'under certain conditions for hauling and delivery work has contributed toward bringing' about theshortage which should be increasedwith the foreign demand that willcome as soon as international commerce assumes a more normal status,it "is said. - This reduction in thecost of horses and mules, togetherwith a drop in the price of feedsare economic factors that also willtend to make the shortage moreacute.At the present time, the wagonhorse, standing about 16 hands highand weighing from 1,400 to 1,600pounds, is most in xlemand, bringing a price of from $150 to $225 ahead. Draft horses standing between 16 to 17 hands high andweighing from 1,700 to 2,000 poundsare bringing slightly, higher prices,largely because there are fewer ofthem. " rUnder existing conditions, indications are that horse and mule breeders have a brighter day coming andit is expected that the breeding offarm and grade mares will increaserapidly as farmers see the opportunity for profit, Mr. Anderson said.. . - f!'" "" "s, - T"'- "" " T-SMSSSBSBSBSBSJBSBieSSSSjeSSS-T ifrjSM. r .,gM tpBVSSSBSjBI MCSSjBHWPBeMBSSjSSjiSSS? JHaESSH&l-SSBe 'Kiir'kvrBMBPV'.iiiii Bi L. es Mrav?- sjbjbmBss1s . . je .vSjfjBr-sBasjSnf " gsssTaar.wsjil eaaeaTi iT" ' z tmsmr 3w, mic - - j j. : -J ssgiwaewic ' " i " .The 22-4 Special Deliver pSmall Chick FeedGET A SUPPLY N0WFROMR. F. COLLIERPutting Asunder.The late Lord Halsburywas on oneoccasion addressing a gathering oflegal conferees. The subject was"Matrimonial Law," and much laughter resulted when he reminded hishearers that Sydney Smith once wrotethat "frequently it is that those persons whom God hath joined togetnerin matrimony, ill-cooked joints andbadly hoiled potatoes have putasunder."Paying With Fish Hooks.Some of the Mongol tr'bes pay theirbills with little cubes of compressedtea. In Burmah one finds cowrie shellused as money. The inhabitants ofsome of the districts bordering thePersian gulf do their buying and selling with fish hooks.mPE3.Vi"?r-mTlaLiai jit:i&-FXs.- nsVfrz ih$xAZlpgP&C PAINTFREE!If you can find a cheaperpaint o5r a better paint- Here's the offer:W AJNT half your house with Devoe LeadXahd -Zinc Paint; Paint the other halfwith any other .paint you choose.If Devoe doesn't .take fewer gallons, andcost less money, we will make no charge,. for Devoe.If Devoe doesn't wear a year or two or three"years longer longer and better we willgive you enough Devoe to do the job over.Or, paint half your house lead-and-oil, theother half Devoe. In three years the lead-and-oilhalf will be hungry for more paintwith Devoe still sound.If not, we'll give you enough for the wholehouse. . , "Devoe Products are time-tested and proven,oackedbyyears experiencef 'WHHSwvlTfcfoldest paint manufacturing concern in theU. S. Founded 1754.-The J. T. Hinton CoaVALVE-INHEAD fQI T MOTOR CARSV vMaiaBHaBH,aiBBBaBBH,BIA Sturdy Buick Designed forQuick Hauling AnywherePrices ofBuick Special DeliveryOpen Bxprsss Delivery,complete - $945.00Canopy Tcp Delivery,complete with roll curtain 965.00Vith screen side's, add. 20.00Panel Side Delivery,complete with steel panels 980.00With whisote panels, add. 25.00F. O. B. FactoriesWe can show you how to adapt a BnicJfSpecial. Delivery to" your business.The powerful Buick valve-in-head, four-cylinder motor and arugged chassis are the foundation of this new delivery modeLExpert engineering and the bestof materials have produced inthis vehicle a full-powered, eco-nomical and well-balanced light -commercialcar.Moderate in price, it is big in- -transportation value and will 4give typical, Buick service.-- ' ---r-J-IJ--J.(C-3S)C. . BALIv GARAGERourtli and -Pleasant StreetWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT. BUICK WILL BUILD THEMWORK TO STAET ON MASONICHOME, LOUISVILLEGk Allison Holland, chairman ofthe Million Dollar Committee incharge of raising funds for the erection of the Masonic Widows Homefrom Louisville, where the committee made an inspection pf the property recently purchased by theboard of the home.Members of the committee ex-pressed approval of the selectionmade by the board. It was said thatconstruction of tHe new building willbe begun within a few weeks. Thecommittee made plans to intensifythe campaign. The site is on theShelbyville pike between St. Matthews and the city limits of Louisville, wIn order to complete the projected buildings and to furnish themadequately it was said that approximately $1,500,000 will be necessaryand plans will be laid to collect thissum before the campaign ends in1923. It is estimated that there are20,000 Masons in Kentucky whohave not yet contributed to the fundand these will be solicited, for donations. s,The committee which inspectedthe site consisted of G. Allison Holland, G. C. Atkinson, of Hopkinsville,H.-N. Grundy, of Springfield, Wffl.Ward Duffield, of Harlan, William,Carson. Black, of Barbourville, andA. R. Kimmerling, of Louisville, A.G. Sulser,-,of Maysville, a committeeman, was unable to attend.0 ;Wheelbarrows Climb Stairs.One of the Interesting sights of thecity of. Changsha in China, Is thewheelbarrows which climb stairs.Some distance Ahead of the regulation wheel there is another smallerone. In climbing over flagstone stepsor bridges, the handles of the wheelbarrow are lowered until the auxiliary wheel rises above the next higher step. Then the wheelbarrow, whichoften carries 800 or 400 pounds, seesaws from" wheel to wheel until thenext level stretch of flagstones iareached.oOpera House Rarely Opened.At San Jose, In Costa Bica, th(&reis a gorgeous opera house, said to bethe "fifth finest" In the world, butthere is little use for It. It is rarelyopened more than once or twice duringthe year for a theatrical or musicalevent. The great social event of thecountry, the presidential ball, Is heldhere each New Year's eve.el-XIIXsIXIXIXIX!IXXi1XBXIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & PUNK, F roprietorsTelephone No. 4XXI X", v51I9QBBVjp'Htlv' i'West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve- mmehts in laundrv arrliances Iand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.iThe Bourbon LaundryIXParis, KentuckyIKSXi:-:iXSiXiMltlllHtMttMMHmWKHMIHMWIMMMM.GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay , - Night137 399, ALinguidL. J.Mf oldest on".i jemarkfdMri.Five-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-tp-station messages isFIVE minutes where the toll rate "is 25 cents or less.USE HOME LONG DISTANCEvParis Home Telephone: & Teleerapk C.I" - -H - '- Ji a-"--.1-. SZt - .Zfcr.. jfit-. : 3? .ssfec.TS, - -.-. v vier-- ."V . ,s1 5f-." i" , r- Lw" :-." 'Fto' .-v,,J3l:"-ilEf-iijK.r sjtk. -g. --- R at:2M?frv-?' -.acv?JtVJ!Tss:-:s?.'-l3iJW4JSH-4V3 :. '-.'- ..-r- f. ar?--., -t'" .'-'rr"1iWMrv:PAGE EIGHTvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY,ht.t vvf -Xfirt -, MILLERSBURG(scenery. Admission to all, 10andzu cents to all, tax included.MAY t, 1XQ "-aMBiK;i5i"".-.cv?.ImfcfSfting News Items Prom Bour11 County's College Town-.v Miss Hattie Wood visited relatives in Washington, Ky., Sunday.Mr. Everett Thomason visitedtlrlends in Louisville the past week.Mr. B. M. Thomason made abusiness trip to Maysville, Saturday.Miss Bessie Mayes, of Lexington, spent the week-end with hertunt, Mrs. Letton Vimont.. Miss Thelma Wyatt, of Fal--iouth,is visiting her aunt, Mrs.Ir& Rankin." Monday Evening, May 15th, 3o'clock Operetta, "In Little Folks'"Town," admission 25c and 5c.Dr. G. W. Nutter has returnedfrom a several days' visit with hison, Eugene Nutter, in Louisville.The Men's Bible class of the-Presbyterian church enjoyed a fishfry at the home of J. P. Redmon,"Friday.Miss Edwina Ammerman, who3has been the guest of Mrs. D. E.-Clarke, has returned to her homein London, Ky.The Young Peoples' Missionary"Society of the Methodist church willmeet at Ihe home of Mrs. C. M. Best,J Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock.- The game of ball between Mil-lesburg Military Institute andFlem-dngsburg, played on local grounds.-Saturday, resulted in a score of 12- to 5 in favor of M. M. I.Mrs. Nannie Hunter and daughter, Miss Pattie, have returned totheir home in Washington, Mason-county, after several months' visit- with Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Best.Don't forget the "Old Fiddlers'Contest" Tuesday evening, May 9,at 8 o'clock, at the High School auditorium. Many contestants are announcing themselves and this promises to" be one of our "big affairs.""Proceeds will be used to install aRadio system at the school building.First prize $20. Many other prizesare offered. Adults 40c, children.under 15? years 25c.Opera House, Millersburg,Thursday and Friday, May 11 and12, a Wm. Fox production, presenting Wm. Farnum in "Perjury," his..greatest acting picture, staged by"Harry Millorde, who made "OvertheHill." Saturday, May 13, Dustinfarnum, (Bill's brother) in "Devil'Within," out-door picture, beautifulFuneral services of Mrs. Fred jDonaldson were held at the Methodist church Friday morningT conducted by Dr. G. C. Fisher. Pallbearers" were her friends, Mrs. Cle-tis Evans, Mrs. Elizabeth v Thomas,Mrs. Howard Doyle, Misses MarjoryHoward, Maymie Cook and AnnaMae Robertson. Mrs. Donaldson wasbefore her marriage Miss BertieRankin, of this place.The following is the commencement program for the M. M. I.given with the Millersburg College:Thursday evening", May 18, 8 to11 p. m. Lawn fete; Friday evening, May 19 The Senior play,"Good Evening, Clarice;" Saturdayafternoon, May 20 Tennis Tournament; Saturday - evening M. C.Play, "The Charm School;" Sundav moraine:. May 21 Baccalaureate sermon; Monday morning, May22 Field Day; Monday afternoonBase ball; Monday evening, May 22Grand concert at M. C; Tuesdaymorning, May 23 Joint commencement exercises. -The Calendar for Commencement week of the Millersburg County High School is as follows:Saturday, May 13 Picnic givenby High School in honor of the Senior Class.Sunday Evening, May 14th, 8o'clock, Auditorium High SchoolBaccalaureate sermon by Dr. A. W.Fortune, pastor Central Christianchurch, Lexington.Tnesdav Evening:. May 16th, 8o'clock Senior Play, "Mrs. Briggsof the Poultry Yard." Admission25c and 35c.Wednesday, May 17th "Get-to-Gather-Day," with athletics, DasKetlunch, brass band, calisthenic drillsand pageant, "The Triumph of Humanity," featuring effects of WorldWar and reconstruction.Thursday Evening, 8 o'clockCommencement exercises, addressby Dr. George Ragland, of Georgetown College.Friday Mdrning, May 19, at 10o'clock Concluding of programgiven by the Parent-Teacher Association.f XCtheatke f IAND!2:00 to 5:307:00 to 1 0:30I ..(OPERA HOUSEjA I 1 1.VOTE FOR ME'The Most Popular Girl in the"Pop" Contest atTODAY, TUESDAYWALLACE REID, GLORIA SWANSON, ELLIOTT DEXTERIn "DON'T TELL EVERYTHING"A Great Paramount Picture, And With this triumvirate of Stars, it'a everything that the motion picture fans can ask for A photoplay that thrills with lively sensations and charms with its fashion and beauty; a screen play that holds the mirror of truth up to thecomedy of love; and Remember,, be early too "Don't Tell Everything!"x Also "Miracles of the Jungle" and Snub Pollard Comedy, ."Pardon Me,"TOMORROW, WEDNESDAYVIOLA DANA in "HOME STUFF"which the star finds the home stuff of the farm pays better .than the spotlight of the stage.ren't, it'll make you wish you had. """' Also a Torchy Comedy and Pa the NewsInhavenIf you have a heart you'll like it; if youTHURSDAY, MAY 11th"THE GOtOVtWY0-'ACTION that rushes through tingling crises played by thousands of people; DRAMA that touches the heart with its love andconflict; CHARACTER that shows the most impressive figure" ever created by man; BEAUTY thaf stirs the soul with a new pictorial artistry; SCENES that riot in revel, pageant and conflagration; SETS that for -color and vastness thrill the imagination.Also CHARLES HUTCHISONTHE THRILL-A-MINUTESTUNT KINGin "Go-Get-'Em Hutchjy'EaDEiAl J.EARLY SHOWING'OFSTRAWHATSiftMILLERSBURG- COUNTY HIGHSCHOOL NOTESThe faculty was entertained ata six-o'clock dinner at the home ofMr. and Mrs. E. H. Thomason, nearParis, Thursday evenirig.The school appreciates the workof Mrs. C. M. Best, who is giving herservices as teacher of the Beginners'Class inv sewing.There will be -no chapel exercisesWednesday, as this period win oeused for preparation of. the commencement program. tThe chapel exercises Wednesdaywere conducted by the High Schoolstudents, under the direction ofMary VanMeter. The program consisted of a playlet, "The SweetFamily," and tableau from "TheVillage Blacksmith." The formerwas very mirth-provoking, the latterclever in its impersonations. Thevisitors, were Mrs. Joe Bodkin, R.Browning, Ruscell Hickman, WalterHickman, Joe Riggs, Ed. Hill, O. L.Potts, David Cassidy, W. D. Welburn, J. W. Lancaster, RussellJones, Will Stone, R. C. Bonar, Jas.Ellington, James Martin, ClarenceThomas, 0. E. Hurst, James Howard,J. T. Judy, Arthur Moreland, Russell Tapp, Simon Gillispie, MaryBoston, W. F. Saunders, M. E. Pruitt; Misses Lida Butler, Carrie Peed,Ruth McClintock, Atta Mann, Dr.C. C. Fisher, Dr. W. D. Welburn,Charles Burroughs, S. C. Bascbm.Last Sunday was "Go-to-Sun-day-SchoolDay?' The following isthe- attendance at the differentchurches: Methodist, 136 ;f Presbyterian, 126; Baptist, 60 ChristianT173. Attendance at three coloredchurches, 90, making a total of 585.iThe Mile-a-Minute Serial Life in New York harbor; life on the big ships; action on sea, land and air. A throbbing plot of biginterests versus a game fighter and the many pitfalls they set for him. Does he outwit them? ,Added Attraction Friday and Saturday, May 12th and 13thPitroff , the Miracle Man with hs,rde"u,SAWING A WOMAN IN HALFADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cLODGE NOTESi&IumiKock'lj MAPI IQw AVT NCWYOyVOTE FOE ME!-o-,j-iIn the New Penants andNew Shapes and Strawsin the Newest Shades$2.09 TO $6.00Leghorns andPanamasRELIGIOUSA. Bsume of Events In BeligiousCircles For JEresent andFuture5.00Price & Co.CkthlrsThe formal opening "of the Department .of Elementary Work ofthe Methodist church took place at9:30 o'clock Sunday morning whenthe regular program of the department was -given. Miss MaudeTaylor, Superintendent, was assistedin the work by Mrs. C. O. Hinton,Hoy Pepper, Miss Ruth Orr, Mrs.Henry A. Power and Mrs. T. J.Flora. A, special room has been fittedout, where the children of the elementary grade may receive instruction apart from the adults of thecongregation.The meeting of the ChristianEndeavor Society of the Presbyterian church Sunday night was madeespecially interesting by an addressto the new officers delivered byEmmett M. Dickson. The new officers are W. E. Collier, president;Billy Wilson, vice-president; MissEmily Fithian, secretary; "WendellReading, treasurer.The million dollar committeee ofGrand Lodge of Kentucky reportsabout $1,100,000 subscribed. Sincethe purchase of the new site for thebuildings, the commitee has discovered that it will take considerablymore money than they originallycontemplated, and for that reason,and acting under the authority ofthe grand master of the Grant!Lodee of Kentucky, the committeewill make an effort to increase thesubscriptions to $1,500,000.Great activity is being displayedby the subordinate lodges, Knights'of Pythians, through the St;ate inincreasing their membership. Therequest of the Grand Chancellorthat every lodge increase its membership at least 40 members "fturingthe calendar year 1922 is workingfine. Many lodges are going afterthis number in thje first six monthsso their summer vacation won't bedisturbed.The initiatory degree was confer-"red on W. O. Cruse by BourbonLodge I. O. O. F. last week, and twoother candidates took the work atthe meeting last night. The degreeteam is doing fine work, and the attendance and interest grows largerat each meeting.The girls' orchestra from the OddFellows' Orphan Home, Lexington,will give a concert consisting of recitations, singing and instrumentalmusic at the auditorium of the Panscity school Friday night, May 28,at 7:30 o'clock. Bourbon Lodgewill bear all . expenses, the admissionfee, 25 cents, going to the childrenfor their pleasure and recreationduring the summer. Let us givethem an immense crowd. Any OddFellow will sell you a ticket.A large delegation from BourbonLodge will gor to Lexington on Tuesday evenin, May 16th, to witnessconferring of the Royal Purple degree on a large class of candidates.The delegates, A. L. Burley, A. A.Pogue, John A. Doty, and Grand.Outer Sentinel Wm. A. Lail, will remain over to attend the Grand Encampment, which will hold its annual meeting May 17, in the auditorium of the I. O. O. F. Widows'and Orhpans' Home. The candidatesfrom Bourbon, who will take theRoyal Purple degree are C. A. Sutharland, Frank Redmo, Enos 'Downing and Bryan Williams.oVOTE FOE ME!($75,000. The front of the buildingis being used at present for a furniture store.The opera house was closedThanksgiving Day last year whenthe Security Trust Company, owner,of adjoining property, decreed thatthis property should no longer beused as exits, and with the closingof th.3 exits the house no longercomplied with the State fire regulations. Mr Webb stated that he does notknow at this time fust exactly whathe would do 'with 'the poperty butthat he would probably remodel the-part of the building fronting, onlJorth Broadway and including thefoyer and offices and 'convert themInto two store rooms, at the sametime- rehabilitating the opera houseproperty, constructing a new entrance on Sycamore, and lease orsell this part of the property.QSome individuals who are afterthe earth must feel chargined whenthey are told it is only a little fellow among the planets.Philippine goodsmarket in London.find a readyBuy Good ShoesAT PARIS' GREATEST SHOE STORE1The people now more than ever before appreciate thefact that our store offers to them wonderful money-savingopportunities.This Week's SpecialsAmazing Values in Spring Slippers!Surnassing St vies and Quality atr d... T&d&rLaL.VU.VU1J A UV.MWILL PAY PENSIONS MONTHLYA bill has passed both Houses of. Consrresa and been sierned bv the-- ,..president, paying uivii war veterans their pension' allowance monthlyinste&d of quarterly, beginning September- 1st. fLEXINGTON OPEEA HOUSE SOLD, FOE $24,000The Lexington Opera Houle,where for more than a half centurysome o'f the most famous stage figures in America have appeared, wassold at public auction, by the Uhoenix Ameusement ompany to R. ' S.Webb, Jr., Lexington, building contractor, for $24,000.The house was bought by theabout -eight os.iH hEa N tt NITPhoenix -Amusement Companyabout eight years ago for a consideratio"n of 45,000,, and since thattime about $ 3 0,000 in improvementshave beenXftdded -making a totiUofIIA wonderful special offering of New SpringNovelty Satin Slippers, Baby Louis heels;also the. newest in Patent Straps and TanOxfords at a great saving in price.$3.49Misses' md Children's $3.00 Patent and KidStrap Slippers, all sizes 8 1-2 to 2. SpecialS1.99Ladies' Newest Spring Fashion SparklingPatent Strap Slippers that combine styleand quality. A great selection, worth muchmore. 'SpecialS3.95Ladie?' $3.50 Tan and Black Lace Oxfords.Special$2.49Ladies' $3.50 Lace Oxfords. Special$1.99: fMen's Newest Spring Tan "Oxfords andShoes, new English and Blucher styles rubber heels. $6.00 values. SpecialS3.95Infants' $1.50 Kid Strap Slippersrsizes 1 to4. Special50cBoys' and Youths' Shoes and Oxfordsat Money-Saving Prices.Men's $5.00 Blucher and English Shoes.Special$3.45Men's Tan Elk Outing Work Shoes:-Special$1.85II ' J.iTtII "' , - .II'II ' ' ' -DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Rcifn-WC 3iv.r ,i - IIu.w-yv f ' -.---cjej. v.k. aic.- -.