H,---V. fh&MM:? "irL' . .s.' f,.VS2V'"V1 ftPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY UN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLII'- APARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1922A V K i. J & -Si"THEBOURBON. i . .NEWSHASS MEETING SUNDAY FORWOMEN ONLYMrs. 3fay Dixon, Thacker, wife ofDr. J. Ernest Thacker, AssemblyEvangelist of the Southern Presbyterian church, who is at presentconducting a reviai meeting at thePresbyterian church, will deliver alecture to women only at the churchSunday afternoon, at three o'clock.This address is to be delivered under auspices of the ladies of thePresbyterian church, who earnestlydesire every woman in the city andcounty to hear Mrs. Thacker. Hersubject for Sunday afternoon will be"The Human Touch."Mrs. Thacker is the youngestmember of the famous Dixon familyof North Carolina. She is a sisterof Rev. Thomas Dixon, author of"The Leopard's Spots," "The Clansman," "The Birth of a Nation," andothers: Dr. A. C. Dixon, notedminister of the Baptist faith, formerpastor of the Spurgeon Tabernacle,in London, Eng., and Frank Dixon,a noted platform orator, who hasbeen heard here a number of timeson the Chautauqua circuit. Noteven her famous brothers have anylead in the matter of intellectuality, culture, brilliancy and originality of thought and presentation.Mrs. Thacker's address will be thepresentation of an important subject for women, and it is hoped shewill be greeted by a large audienceo representative women of Bourbon.It will be a tremendous inspirationto those who attend to hear thiswoman of such gifts, holding upthe life of Christian service as thatwhich towers above all other waysof living.MUNICIPAL HALLOWE'EN AGEEAT SUCCESSTHE GRIDIRON FIELDBOURBON LEGIONEBS TO ATTEND EECEPTIONMembers of Bourbon Post, American Legion, will go to Lexingtonto-morrow to take part in a reception to be tendered Alvin M. Owsley, of Texas, National Commanderof the American Legion. Commander Owsley will deliver a speechto the Legioners at eight o'clockSaturday night in the Circuit Courtroom of the Lexington court house.Members of the Legion from allover the State are expected to bepresent.Following a social session -at theLafeyette Hotel, Saturday morninga banquet will be tendered the guestof honor, members of the Legionand invited guests will be present.The address of welcome to the dis-inguished guest will be deliveredThe municipal Hallowe'en festivities held in tlhis city Tuesday nightunder the joint auspices of theParis Commercial Club and theCommunity Service was a decided1 r ksuccess .in .am Particulars. Theweather was "Ydea'Vfor the "occasionand the city was thronged with oneof the largest crowds ever seen hereon a like occasion filling ,the entiresquare, which had been roped off so'as to avoid vehicular traffic disturbing the celebrators.The varied program was carriedout on the public square and on thelawn surrounding the court house.Masquerade costumes of every conceivable kind were worn by themerry makers, and in marked contrast to celebrations of - formeryears there was not a single actioncalling for interference of the police.The grand marcjh of the mas-queraders formed on Broadway, andheaded bytihe Y. M. C. A. Boys'Band, marched to Main,' in frontof the court house, where, they werereviewed by the judges, Mrs. Wm. Gr.Talbott, Mrs. James McClure, JohnDavis and Harry Kerslake. Overthree hundred took part in the parade. After due deliberation thejudgec awarded the prizes as follows: Best historical costume,$5.00, Miss Martha Hall; most comical costume. $5.00, Edward Faulkner; most original costume, $5.00,Master Eward Blake.Following the awarding of prizescommunity games were playea onthe court house lawn, under , thesupervision of Mrs. J. C. Nickerson,Miss Nell Robbins and Miss Margaret Santen, her assistants. Thechildren found the evening as enjoyable, or more so, than their elders. The final event of the eveningwas the distribution to the childrenof candies, apples and Hallowe'enlanterns.Prizes for the best Hallowe'enwindow displays were awarded asfollows: First prize, $15 to the J.T. Hinton Co.; second, $10 to TheLeader Store; third, $5, to the A. J.Winters Co.They have established a school forporters. No course in the countingof money is necessary.by Mayor Bradley, and Clinton M.Harbison will preside as toastmas'THE PRIDE OF PARIS'rCOATSFORCHILDRENLOTS OF COATS IN THE INFANTINTERMEDIATE CHILDRENGIRLS AND JUNIOR SIZESFROMSIZ& TWO TO FIFTEENXFUR TRIMMED AND PLAINBrown Nut Reindeer Mahogany NavySorrento Pekin- Black Red Tan$podRose and Mottled ;V "... 'In Broadcloth Suedine Bolivia PoloNormandy Chinchilla and Novelty ClothsLasti Saturday Paris High Schoolplayed perhaps the best game shehas ever played in this city, andto-day, (Friday) November 3,when Paris meets the NewportHigh School you may expect to seea bitterly contested struggle. Therehas never been as much interest infootball in Paris as there has beento-day. This is due largely to thesplendid teams that Coach Ward isdeveloping, and also due to tlhe rapid growth of the High School, whichgives the coach more material fromwhich to select the fleam.This is Craig Tucker's fourand last year in High School football, and there is no doubt that heplayed the best game of his careeragainst St. Xaviers. Friends offootball in this citty may expect tosee him repeat the brilliant performance to-day against the heavyNewport team.Nash, the one hundred and seven-ty-fivepoundfull-back is also nearing the close of his last season ofHigh School football. Nash wasineligible last week, but will be in'the line-up to-day. John Coughlin,Chester Strother, two of the HighSchool's most dependable linemen,were ineligible last week, but. willbe back in the line to-day. Dalzell,the fighting little end, has beensick for two weeks, but is makinga stubborn fight to get into thegame to-day. It' looks now likeevery Paris player will be eligibleto-day, and if they are footballfans in this city have a chance tosee the best game Paris has put inthe field' in years.To-day will likely see the largestcrowd of the season present, asNewport will bring here the bestteam to be found" in any of the cities around Cincinnati, and theirvisit here will not be flowery beds ofease, for Paris is primed for thisstruggle as they have not been sofor this season.If Paris can beat Newport theywill look forward with a great dealmore encouragement to beat Somerset next Saturday. McCann playeda splendid game last week and isin even better condition this week.Harmon Taylor, Capt. JimmieDeacins. Connell, Dundon, and, infact, the whole 'team, showed mor.efight last Saturday than in anyprevious game and can be dependedupon to fight Newport harder thisweek. 'To-day on Hancock Field theParis High School football team willmeet the fast eleven from the Newport High School. The P. H. S. hasbeen strengthening their team sincethe game vwith St. Xayiers, withCoach Ward putting the menthrough their paces. Let's give"them a good turnout and help pullthem to victory.While playing on the K. U.Suwanee football game at Lexington, "Chuck" Rice of Paris, wasinjured in a fall, a ligament beingtorn near the knee cap. It isthought Rice will be able to takepart in the clash with the Vanderbilt University team at Nashvilleon November 11.THE BOUBBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirY. M. C. A. NOTESThe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.last shoot of the season Wednes-' announces the following gymnasiumday afternoon at the Club grounds, schedule for the season of 1922in' East Paris, with twenty-five 1923 : ,shooters taking part and with a High" School Girls Monday, 2:30large number of visitors present, i to 3:30; Tuesday, 2:30 to 3:30:Despite the fact that "u strong wind I Wednesday, 2:30 to 3:15; Thursday,was blowing, which made it a rath-j 2:30 J:o 3:30; Friday, match games.er difficult mattter to hit the targetssome very good scores were made.ParisCadets Monday, 3:30 to 4:15;Wednesday, 3:15 to 4:00; Saturday,10:00 to 11:00 a. m.Nine trophies donated bymerchants, were won by the follow- Midgets Tuesday, 3:30 to 4:'30;ing: First, hat, Price & Co., won Thursday, 3:30 to 4:30; Saturday,by Sam Harding; second, ham,. 2:30 to 3:30.Woodford Buckner, Nwon by W. S. i High School Boys -Monday, 4:15Haggard; third, box cigars, McClin-to 5:00; Tuesday, 4:30 to 5:30;tock Bros,, won by Clarence Ken- Wednesday, 4:00 to 5:00; Thursday,ney; fourth box of cigars, James &'4:30 to 5:30; Friday, match games.Williams', won by Amos Turney; , Business Men Monday, - 5:00 tofi.fth, turkey, Crombie Poultry Co., '6:00; Wednesday, 5:00 to 6:00;fifth, turkey, Crombie Poultry Co.; j Friday, 5:00 to 6:00.turkey, the Brent Co.. won by John Young Men' Monday, 7:30 toYerkes; seventh, $5 in trade, 9:00; Wednesday, open practice;Roche's Drug Store, Fred Burgin; (Thursday, 7:30 to 9:00; Friday,eighth, $5 in tirade, Tully Bros., match games.won by John N. Shropshire; ninth,' Ttiis schedule became effectivedressed chicken for longest run ; Wednesday. The cadet class inmade, Alfred Clay, won by Clarence ! eludes boys between the ages of nineKenney. The longest runs in the af-1 to fourteen ; Midgets, from f ourte'enternoon's contest were made by the-1 to seventeen; Business Men, twentyfollowing: J. C. Kenney, 55, Amos' five to ninety-nine; Young Men,KAYOB VETOES OEDEETurney, 48, John N. Shropshire. 38.Following is the score:Broke Hd. Tl.PRICED$500 to $39,.50. AND WORTH AGREAT DEAL MOREjv, Jfl- VIAV J&&&DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYTOBACCT HOUSES TO OPEN BECEMBEB 1 TO 15Samuel Clay, chairman of theBourbon county branch of the Cooperative Burley- Tobacco Marketing Association, attended the meeting of Board of Directors, held inLexington, Wednesday, when a largenumber of matters of great Interestto the growers and handlers of thecrop were discussed and disposed of.Among other matters tliat cameup for consideration was the datefor opening the various houses forreception of the 1922 crop for selling. It was decided that the opening should take place between December 1 and 15. The date foropening the Paris houses will begiven later.238204200100S. Harding 92W. S. Haggard 93J. C. Kenney 96Amos Turney 97J. M. Caldwell 93John Yerkes 75Fred Burgin 94John Shropshire .. .'.93Alfred Clay 92J. L. Dodge 88Wm. Ardery 85Lee Hardman 91W. Buckner 86D. Thomas 88H. M Roseberry 88N. F. Brent .83J. G. Denney 87A. B. Perkins 84Dr. Wm. Offutt 81R. Jones 73Roxie Davis 62W. Kenney 53x75J. R. Pendleton. . . . 38x75C. T. Hinkle 31x50Wm. CooperN 19x25In addition to the regular shooteighteen to twenty-five.Practice for the High School boysand girls basketball teams will begin at the discretion of Coach C. C.100 Dawes for the boys, and Miss NellVO AVUUUlllO IU1 tilC &111B,9700460-4.0040006 '109795949392929191908888878784817972TAXPAYERS NOTICETO AVOID ERRORS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES EOR OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY" INSTRUCTED TO DO SO.FIRST NATIONAL BANKFARMERS cV TRADERS -BANK.PEOPLES'- DEPOSIT BANK 'ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON -AGRICULTURAL BANK 'lisle.& TRUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)At the last meeting of the CittfCouncil - an order was ,entereO'Brien building', at the cornr ofrate a dance in the- Stuart Uthe powers vested in me by tluTMain and Eighth streets, withoutpaying a license .other than, thethe amount he had paid this year.Tuesday Mayor E. B. January bailed a statement placing his officialveio on me action ot ine uouncu,'on the ground of its being illegal.The message read:"To the Members of the Honorable Board of Council ot Paris, Kentucky, Geqtlemen : Pursuant toto the powers vested in me by thelaws of Kentucky, I hereby veto thaction of the City Council passed atthe "regular meeting October 29,1922, granting John M. Stuart thprivilege of giving, dances in thbuilding at the corner of Main andEighth streets, in this city, every,weeV until May 1, 1923, withoutany compensation for license, ;which.I consider is a direct violation ofthe ordinance passed by your body;April 13, 1922."I think it is discriminating andI ani moved to this measure fromthe reports of the police and persons living in this neighborhood'o 'ADMINISTRATORS APPOINTED 'In the Nicholas County. Court,John H. Barton was appointed administrator of the estate of hibrother, Elijah Barto of Milleraburg, who died in the Massie Memorial Hospital, recently from injuries received by being struck by;an automobile in Millersburg. J.H. Martin, Horace Bell and AmosStamper were appointed to appraisethe estate.Rudolph Davis, of Paris was ap-pointed and qualified as administrator of the estate of his mother-in-law,Mrs. Mary Howse, who diedsome time ago at her home in Car-NEW SEED CROPSENLIST IN NAVYNew recruits are being received1 daily at the Lexington recruiting;NEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSEN station for the United States Navy.- , . i UVli' TTTUrnTlTV OTWrt ATOf rtTTTft rtlnnr. ,. hninir -mn 4rx nnnntf in nrtwo trophies were offered tor nign h " ""j sw ujuu.uo cue uC6 auc iui uuumsgun averages on the entire season, SEED WHEAT j-an intensive recruiting campaign(29-tf) j ington. In the last bunch of re-' cruits received at the Lexingtonfor shooters who had taken parin ten or more events. The firsttrophy, a large silver loving cup,rtmiatPd bv the Peoples and Deposit.! Envy is the tribute we pay to station was Robert G. Ferguson, ofBank & Trust Co., was won by"" """ ttiC i,u'":i'UJ w "a- ra8-Amos Turney, with .945 average; !the second, a mounted wild cat rug. Jdonated qy secretary xvuuuiyu uxviawas won ,by J..921 average.C. Kenney, withDASTARDLY HALLOWE'ENPRANKVandals with a deprived idea ofa Hallowe'en celebration stretcheda length of barbed wire across theMaysville pike, near Paris, Tuesday jnight. Herbert Delaney was taking''a woman passenger in his taxi to a ,point in the country, when tne ma-.'chine' struck -the wire, breakingthe windshield of the car and scat-ftering broken glass in the woman'sface, cutting her abouti the head.land face.I Mr. Delaney after removing thewire, and taking his passenger toher .destination, where she waagiven medical attention, returnedto Paris and reported the occurrence to tr- nthorities. An investigation is being madei for the pur-tpose of ascertaining, if possible, theidentity of the miscreant s. Mr.Delaney stated that if his machinehad been a light one the accidentwould have resulted more seriously for his passenger. ,PASSING OF THE CARD WRITER.Two of the . erstwhile frequentcontributors to the Kentucky ruralpress seem to have passed out, andThe report- of Capt. William Col- nowadays it is a rarity to find "Voxlins, of Paris Chief of the Field . Populi" or Pro Bono Publico" ap-;Division Service, showed that theAssociation now has 73,265 members and it is likely that the number will exceed 75,000 by the timecontracts now being signed areturned in at headquarters.NEWS OF THE COURTS?In the County Court, Jim Bedinger, colored, was given a hearingbefore Judge George Batterton on acharge of wife-beating. He wasgiven a jail sentence of fifty daysat hard labor and assessed a fineof v $100. This was the third timeBedinger had been presented incourt on a similar charge.County Judge Batterton appointed Edward H. Gorey as administrator of the estate of the late CassieGorey. Mr. Gorey accepted thetrust and qualified by furnishingbond in the sum of $300, with Geo.W. Wilder as surety.WTiy doe the - weather-man laveiupall the cool lpelU for January ,pended to an article advocating orcriticising this or that thing. Inother days these contributors notonly were porlific but ubiputious.Now when anybody resorts to cardwriting in the county papers in registering a kick against the officialsor something else, he either signshis real name or adopts a noiri deplume like "Indignant Taxpayer", or"Outraged Citizen.", Most of thepapers now -require that such articles be temperate in tone and followthe amenities.Another thing that .may have discouraged the card writing propensities" of "Vox Populi" and "ProBono Publico" is that the rural ed'itor now insists upon payment fortheir insertion. Formerly such articles were generously contributedto the editor in the laudable effort'jo help him "fill the paper,' andoften they were accepted "for thesame purpose." Since, he haa.o pay if or th privilee the- catonicxarit. write jttd-iFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSaCoats That Flareand Coats That Don'tVariety that's what the new coats provide, ardcertainly thsy are varied enough to make selection a source of pleasure. In styling and fabricthey provide for every need, and in trimmingah, there is where they excel' themselves meeting every taste, be it simple or elaborate. Fabrics- are lovely, prices are moderate what more canone ask?KRANK&CO,LapiES' OUTFITTERSit- miU 'whek w won't ndtlmn?. - , Ilau soMttM bm&mti.MmpKa'fst ,2kfA-'' " ;r. PAGE TWOITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1S22 1Till? BAITDDAU MElUCi"Wl1 8h0t' Uttleman," It would,iix DuuiiDun riiiffu'be wen if an f us' nw and then-ipfeUithed 18f X 41 Years of Continuous PublicationMuisfeed Every Tuesday and Fridayftr Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.PWlfT "CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(flatered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poatoffie as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)0U1 FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Hew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas. 'Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCin6innati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mnllican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchach. subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, "20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andaimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsf THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSHow "much of joy can be given byso small a thing as writing onekindly letter a week to someonewho is in trouble, sadness or perplexity. A Kentucky judge has ruled thata man cannot let his girl sit in hislap while they are in an automobile.But, say. man, suppose that man hasnothing to say about it?A Paris man says thatif anyoneshould try to read all the magazinespublished he would need a threehundred hour day. And we feelconstrained to add that he will alsooccupy the strong ward in the Lexington Hospital for The Insane.Housework is said to be an infallible cure for neurasthenia and forhysterical women, according to aprominent Paris nhvsician. But itseems that a bunch of hysterical There was a man in our townpeople prefer having hysterics to!And he was wdrous wise;undertaking the responsibilities of He labored every day and nightmanaging a household."The dim mauve-tinted mountains, hazy in the distance, dreaming, lazy with the burden of a million years, brown cheeks furrowedwith the rainy tears of Nature giving birth to centuries gone and allthe world keeps moving on and on."Gee; but it's hard to have to wakeup and wonder what all that kindof stuff was about and where youiLeard it!A man can have no ambitionmore worthy than to win the love ofchildren. If a youngster finds outthat you are worthy of his or herlove, yu cannot be wholly a failure. And they are Certain to showima very short time whether theylike you or not. k'Gruffness or unkindness soon finds them ready toresent it, and they have a trick ofremembering it, too, in after years.During the height of the festivitives Hallowe'en night a big touring car, with blinds closely drawn,stood or the outskirts of the parkingspace on the Bank Row side of thecourt house. Alone in its position,lights out, there came a sound ofmuffled voices from the interior,barely audible above the din fromthe big crowd surging around. Theoccupamts had chosen a strategic position, as the big machine was flanked on all sides by unoccupied machines. But why all the mystery, onsuch a festive night. Various werethe conjectures, but as the blindswere on the inside, the mysterywent unsolved.A little mechanism called a "telechronometer" will measure theamount of time that a person spendsin using the telephone. If that innocent little instrument would alsoshow the amount of time some ofthe subscribers spend in trying toto get central, it would be of some"benefit all around.Omce in his younger years Emerson, rushing madly from a meetingthat distressed him, and feeling amighty anger in his heart, said thatafter a brief, walk through the nightkc u4denly felt that the .quiet .starsWiawehia at him and saying: jmight cool our distempered thoughts! against "the eternal amplitudes."Our sudden passions and violencesseldom change the moral order ofthe universe which' is well.Why is it that so many Parispeople who decline to believe in theChristian religion believe the barber who says he has a sure cure forfalling hair and preventative ofbaldness?Friend Guttman, of the LeaderStore, is responsible for this one:Sampson had the right idea of advertising . He took a couple of colums and soon had everything coming his way."The man who smooths a wrinkleinto a smile; he who supplies apleasant thought when one is wanted; who thus repairs and renewsGod's handiwork, counts with thetruest of the world's benefactors.Maude Adams, who is said tohave perfected a device for showingmovies in lighted theatres, will notbe regarded as a benefactress by themany Paris boys and girls to whomthe dimness of the movie theatrehas been its charm, and their opportunity.A California wine grower fellinto one of his wine vats and wasdrowned in seven feet of wine. Andmere are plenty or aampnoois inthis Christian land who will bewilling to assert that it was retribution, an act of God, instead ofmere ordinary accident!When a Paris man has his phototaken in a derby hat, there are justtwo possible explanations of hischoice of head-covering. Either heknows that he would look well inany old sort of dome-protector orelse he feels the need of lendingdignity to the occation.American women would like to seestricken from the marriage ceremoney the bride's promise to honorand obey, and inserted in its placethe bridegroom's guarantee that hewould hustle for the coin requisitefor keeping the temperature of thehouse above seventy from Octoberljtntil May.A Fans pedestrian who hadeaten just the right things for hisSunday dinner dreamed during hisafter-dinner nap that he had beenpermitted to enter the Frankfortpenitentiary on visitor's day andpound the faces of seventeen prisoners who had been sent up for lifefor running down pedestrians whiledriving automobiles when drunk.His flivver to disguiseHe putt a brand-new body onAnd various kinds of toys,But all the neighbors knew itBy the old familiar noise.We have come to the conclusionthat about as many "missing links''can be found on the golf links andon the floors of the ballrooms inthis great country of ours as can befound in the jungles of Africa.And there are many to be found inothr places, as well as these.All natrure smiles in golden fall.The goldenrqd adorns the fields;Golden vines transform each wall,And golden harvest yieldsAll nature smiles, the barns are fullSkies are soft, the crops are in;The jack-o-lantern cheers us allWith expansive golden grin.DYE OLD SKIRTCOAtMESSINDIAMOND DYESEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains decorations so simple anywoman can dye or tint her worn,shabby dresses, skirts, waists, coats,stockings, sweaters, 'coverings, draperies, hangings, everythinfi, even ifshe has never dyed before. Buy"Diamond Dyes" no other kindthen perfect home dyeing is sure because Diamond Dyes are guaranteednot to spot, fade, streak, or run.Tell your druggist whether the material you wish to dye is wool orsilk, or whether it is linen, cotton ormixed goods.(adv)Cards.The calendar translation of playingcards is as follows: The total spotsIn a pack, 3G5 for the days in a year ;the number of cards, 52 for theweeks In a year; the number of suits,4 for the weeks in a month ; the number of picture cards. 12 for themonths of the year; the number oftricks, 13 for the weeks In a quarter.' - oQuMftltii Hard to Answer.Jud Tunklaa gays that a bird thatcan alnr and won't Inv miia ha m..to stag, but how are.you going-toda' ttTDmGVED UttffOKM mTUWATKHULSundaySchool' Lesspn T(By REV. P. B. FITZWATBK, D. D.,Teacher of English Bible In th MoodyBible. Institute of Chicago.)Copyright. 1131, Western Nwsppr U1om., LESSON FOR NOVEMBER 5iJESUS THE GREAT PHYSICIANLESSON TEXT Luke 4:31-44; 5:12-26.GOLDEN TEXTr-Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sickness. Matt8 7.REFERENCE MATERIAL Matt. 9:3538; Mark l:21-45.PRIMARY TOPIC How a Sick ManWas Brought to Jesus.JUNIOR TOPIC Jesus Healing theParalytic.INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICJesus' Power to Forgive Sin.YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICJesus' Ministry to Human Need.Since the topic sets forth Jesug asthe Great Physician, It will be betterfor adult classes, especially, to takethe larger text chosen by the committee and note the several outstandingcases of His healing. For some classesit will be better to study the one caseof healing, namely, the healing of theparalytic.I. Jesus Healing a Demoniac (4:.,31-37).While engaged in teaching in thesynagogue He was interrupted by aman who had an unclean spirit. Jesusrebuked the demon and compelled himto come out of the man. This healingshows Jesus not only gracious, but.powerful to set free the whole broodqf diabolical passions, such as lust,envy, anger and jealousy which rulemen.II. Jesus Heals a Woman of a GreatFever (vv. 38:39).Peter's mother-in-law was prostratewith a great fever. They of Peter'shousehold besought Jesus for her.Jesus rebuked the fever and it lefther so that she immediately rose andministered unto them. No earthly physician had ever been known to healIn that way. Divine healing is immediate and complete. ' We shoulddistinguish between divine healing andfaith healing. Faith healing is the result of the action of the mind upon thebody and is measured by the degree ofthe faith, while divine healing is the action of the power of God upon thediseased one, and is always completeand immediate, because it is measuredby the power of the Healer, God. Hisfame spread abroad and many sick ofdivers diseases were brought unto Ilimand He healed them all, even castingout demons and forbidding them totestify of Him.III. Jesus Heals a Leper (5:12-16).Leprosy was a most loathsome andterrible disease. Because of its foulness one afflicted therewith was anoutcast. The disease was incurable byman, therefore the leper was regardeuas hopeless and dead. In response tothe leper's 'earnest request Jesustouched him and bade the leprosy todepart, and immediately he was healedand cleaned. Leprosy is a type of sin.Jesus has power to heal and cleanseand restore.IV. Jesus Heals a Paralytic (5:17-20).1. Watched by the Pharisees andDoctors (v. 1). Jesus' fame spreadabroad, and this only incited jealousyon the part of these men.2. The Paralytic Brought (vv. 18,19). This Is -a fine lesson in Christianservice. They could not heal the man,but could bring him to Jesus, whocould heal and restore. They hadfaith in Jesus to heal him. No effort"which Is. required -to bring a sinner toJesus should be regarded as too great.3. The Man's Sins Forgiven (v. 20):Jesus looked back of the palsy to its'cause sln.4 All disease and death isthe result of sin. Jesus saw thefaith of those not only who broughthiiDj but of the man himself.4. The Purpose of, Miracles (vv. 21,22). The Pharisees accused Christ ofblasphemy when He declared the man's1sins forgiven. Jesus showed themthat back of the beneficent deed to theman was the demonstration of Hisdeity. The main purpose in the working of miracles is the authenticationof the divine mission of the one performing them. The working of themiracle was to demonstrate His authority to atone for sin and to grantforgiveness. While the divine powerand authority are thus shown, the wisdom and love- of God are shpwn Inthat in all cases the supernatural workis for the good of the individual. Atrue miracle is never spectacular. Itis not merely a demonstration ofpower, but the working of power forbeneficent ends, the good of some onein need.5. Relative Value of Physical Illsand Moral and Spiritual Maladies(v. 23). Phjsical ills are less seriousthan the sins which cause them. Indealing with them we should followthe example of Christ and first dealwith the cause.Self-Love.Self-love is a cup without any bottom; you might pour all the greatlakes into it and' never fill it up.O. W. Holmes.A Thought for Today.Who art thou that judgest "anotherman's servant? To his own master hestaudeth or falletlu -Romans 14:4;Th Lprd Knowth.Th Lord knoweth our frame andr- -fcsreth that wa are dust -Pi.D'YE MIND THE TIMEWhen These Things Happened InParis, As Told in THENEWS' Files?DAYS OF AULD LANG SYNEThere's no denying- that to mostof us there is a certain satisfactionin reviewing the events of long ago,as they are presented to us, eithercasually or by force of some reminiscent strain of the moment. Andto those who lived here in the longago the recalling of events in theold days of Paris affords a peculiarsatisfaction all its own. They, perhaps, more than we who havegrown used to the old place, willappreciate these items, taken atrandom from a copy of THE BOURBON NEWS, of Wednesday, March9, 1881:Capt. Dan Turney, of Paris, wentto Georgia on Friday last, with twocar loads of Missouri stock.Eld. John Sweeney preached Sunday, from "The Great War on Internal Improvements," consequentlymany were deceived who expected"railroad racket."Rev. L. H. Blanton, of Central.University, passed down the roadFriday evening last, to be present ata protracted meeting in Augusta.Joe Emmett made a short stay inLouisville, on account of beingafraid of getting a taste of Bourbonwhiskey.The popular actress, Miss KatiePutnam, with an excellent troupe,will appear in Paris, next Fridayevening.Julia Hunt is playing to largehouses in Mississippi, and will return to Kentucky in a few days, andwill take in the Blue Grass region.Frank Lewis is dangerously illwith inflammatory rheumatism, andrecovery doubtful.Mrs. Harriet Whitson, of RuddlesMills, was adjudged a lunatic hereon Monday, and sent to the asylumfor the sixth time.Hanson Penn Diltz, editor of theCynthiana Democrat, pieced fivequilt squares, each containing fortyhexagon pieces the size of a nickle,km Sunday last, to present to somelady friends.James Bryan, of Covington, wasin town Monday. He isfjust out ofa spell of illness, and is a candidatefor the State's Senate, from Kentoncounty, and will no doubt win, ashe should.James Fothergill. of Winchester,a brother of Edward and Charlie,typos of the Kentuckian office, tookmorphine, on Monday, with suicidalintent, and was in a dying conditionlate Monday afternoon. LaterDead.Edwin Bedford will raise twentyfive acres of turnips next summerfor his sheep during the winter.This will no doubt counterbalancethe bad effects of feeding grain,from which so many sheep have recently died.A country correspondent of theMason County Jurnal, signed thenom de plume, "One-eyed Bull." Hehad better try and see 'eifer he can'tsteer clear of such ox-citing names.Vasco D. Brown, editor of TheCentral Bulletin, at Lancaster, says:"After a tough scuffle, I have succumbed to the inevitable, and TheCentral Buletin is numbered amongthe things that were. I am deadbroke. I want a position and wantit badly." '.A NEWS reporter stumbled upagainst Keller Thomas, in Paris.Monday, inquired the news, receivedthe answer, "I've been in the distillery all winter and have heardnothing. I'm coming out now in afew 'days to talk horse talk. I'vegot the best horse in Bourhon."Matt Kenney shot and broke thewing pf a large gray eagle, on Friday last, on Will Ferguson's place,that measured 7 feet 4 inches fromtip to tip. This bird should havebeen at Washington, on that day,hovering around the dear lovers ofNational Liberties, instead of carrying off Mr. Ferguson's lambs.Wm. Howse and Mitchell Daisy,of Illinois, two jovial old widowerswho entertained an old grudgeagainst each other, met at the houseof a prominent widow lady, of theParis precinct, a few days ago.where Mr. D. proceeded to cane Mr.H. in fine style, with a $50 cane,which, of course, Mr. H. took, byresenting with a smile and tip ofthe hat.Mrs. E. B. Boyd, of Carlisle, hashad a severe case of the "old folks"measles, and was unable to evensmile or speak beyond a whisper,until she received her copy of -theBOURBON NEWS last week. Shehad to make her husband stop reading to her, for she she couldn'tbear to laugh while so ill. it isstrange, too, that Mrs. B. only hadthe "young folks'" measles onlytwo years ago.On April 9th, the question of submitting a proposition to the county,whether or not the people will vote$100,000 taxes to aid .in buildingthe Frankfort., North Middietownand Mt. Sterling railroad. $25,000will be 'rsqulrtd when the road kcompleted tb Pariar"?25J000 whencompleted to Nc$th Middietown;'$25,000 when completed to Mt. Sterling, and the remaining $25,000when completed to the coal fields.A question is also pending, too,whether or not the K. C. road willextend from Paris to Winchesterand Richmpnd, on through to Tennessee. It is quite likely that thisroad will only ask the right of waygranted them through 'the county.If people of the county wouldconsult their own interests, no matter how isolated from Paris, thedestined Indianapolis of the Bluegrass section, they would not throwa straw in the way of the erectionof either of t,he, " two roads. Tnemore railroads, thej more life andcompetition, manufacturing, fewerpauper counties, more .wealth, notonly for the county, but the State."A Millersburg mule has beendiscovered by the Bourbon Sunthat won't eat but once a day,and forty ears of corn and hay inproportion, makes his daily meal.He won't leave a coal car unlesssomething is put in the cart, norwill he stop at the scales with adray load of lumber, or pass thescales with a cart load of coal."The Louisville' Post credits theabove item to the Sun instead ofTHE NEWS, and Bruce Champ Ismad because he is robbed of thecredit, while we are hotter than askillet, to think there is a newspaper man in Kentucky that don'tknow we always tell the truth. Nosir, Mr. Post, the Sun is a truthfulpaper, and whenever you see anything like the above, credit it toBruce Champ, ''the Joe Mulhattanof the Blue Grass. Bourbon Sun.CAHAL BROS.BARBEB SHOP4 WHITE BAEBESS-4Modern EquipmentExpert and Polite SerriceHOT AND COLD BATHSPARIS, KY,Bag an Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSfrank P. Kiatr, Praatdtnt -8.L. Waathars, Vie PraaldaatW. W.HittU CaaalarJao. W. Yerkaa, An't CaaalarDaa Faat, Jr., Bookkaafar. . .JUNE 30. isaFARMERS TRADERSATry Us With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAny TimePRINTINGTHE NEWS JOBy M ' 4-mmI af 1 1 IIIWe HandleI ElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc. -Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are'Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OFF. COURT HOUSEFOR RENTFour room cottage on Virginiaavenue; gas and electric lights;water in front yard. Large stable.Immediate possession. Apply toJAKE ELVOVE,It) Home Phone 360 or 198.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims "agaiaatthe estate of Richard Strother, deceased, are hereby requested to present same, properly proven, as required by" law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindehted in any way to the estate ofthe ' said Richard Strother, arehereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness. NEWTON STROTHER,Administrator of Richard Strother.(10-lmo)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7! 05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. a.6:00 p. m!7:0 p. m.9:10 p. m..11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.s11:55 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTI0N &MTNAL CO.(dec6-tf)TE2-BRIGHTERSV33NINGSJust HistoryIn 7fThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gnestiBy Coal Oil light.And later on, , ,How time does ptu ; ,Her home was litBy flickering Gas.But th girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Inst presstt a bmttomAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas &EItctric Co.(iMnmM)All WorkDtllreredOn TimeDEPARTMENTI II I HI H H H .frfrH4-a 'All Kinds ofNoveltiessF&LrIIMI';'.ufi . ,; jg ufc jj?FRIDAY, NOYEMBER 3, 1922'iv 'ffwiwi yTHB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYi t . i rV4.UBOOTMAKING FORGOTTEN AETNowadays it is a rarity to see aman wearing a pair of work bootsand dress boots would be regardedin the nature of a curiosity almostanywhere in Kentucky.It used to be that every smalltown boasted expert boot and shoe- 0n South Broadway, in Lexington,makers, but these have given way to The breeders contribution to thisthe cobbler and repair shop. The (sale have selected top animals fromdandy of thirty years ago required their herds to make this the best lota pair of dress boots in his sartorial '0f Shorthorn cattle ever, offered atmakeup and ordinarily he did notpublic sale in Kentucky. Individuhave to go away from the home,ally the cattle offered are far abovej 1 J.1 "I TL.T 11. . I.town 10 nave uiem maue. iow meexpert boot and shoe craftsman hasretired, gone into somthing else, oris engaged in half-soling or mendingshoes, and an honorable trade hasbecome obsolete for lack of apprentices. What custom and fashion havedone for the bootmqfoer, the automobile has done for the saddler andcarriage maker. These ancienttrades are no longer taugbt or learned in this State. In the opinion ofveteran craftsmen these trades aredestined to become lost arts and gothe way of other ancient, forgottencallings.The erstwhile sporty youth, that business to produce the purebreedsdrove a smartly-harnessed horse, at-jbecause tliey ar much more profitatached to a custom-made buggy, jjienow goes in for a flivver and won- jtiers how his forbears - got along ,with such an antiquated equipage.It seems agreed that tbe motor vehicle "has done niore than anythingelse to break down the customs ofthe good old days."oNOW IS THE BEST TIMENow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. oCLUB NOT RESPONSIBLEA baseball fan assumes the riskof getting hit by a foul ball if hesits in the unscreened section of thegrandstand, Justice Hitz, of the District of Columbia supreme courtheld in dismissing a suit for $10,000 damages brought against theWashington American League Baseball Club by John B. Pettis, who washit in the eye by a foul off the,, batof a Washington player during agame there August 21.QUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HabitNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break the habit. Whenever youhave a longing for a smoke or chew,just place a harmless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire stops. Shortly the nabit iscompletely broken, and you are better off mentally, . physically, financially. It's so easy, so simple. Geta box of No-To-Bac and if it doesn'trelease you from all craving for tobacco in any form, your druggistwill refund your money withoutquestion. (F-tf)Plant This FallFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the most complete nursery book ever issued inthe South. Itis free for the asking.H. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsBLUE G1ASS CTJISESIES,Xexinfton, Kentucky. .Only theBest for me!99declares the womanwho takes pride inthe kind -of food shesets before her family.She knows it doesn't payto waste her good effortand her good flour, eggtand other materials byusing, anything butROYAL the best baking powder madeIt Contains No AlumLeaves No Bitter TasteSOUTHERN BREEDERS ASSOCIATION NOVEMBER 3.The Kentucky Shorthorn Breeders Association annual show andsale of high class registered Shorthorn cattle will be held Friday, November 3, at Tattersall's sale barni1A -,.-,. CJ,1o nffovw ,! air.w ..0 uniit, U.J-LU menbreeding is as good as can be foundin America. Many good livestockfarmers in- Kentucky have beenwaiting for an opportune time to .getstarted in the Shorthorn businessahd it appears that anyone interested in buying one or a few head ofregistered Shorthorns could fine justwhat he wants at this sale and buyit in at his own .valuation. Whilethe breeders making their sale haveselected top animals from, theirherds they are not expecting highprices. When farmers can buy highi ciass pureoreeas tor little moreJ than beef prices it seems to be goodI 1 .....AGENTS WANTEDIndustrious men and womenwanted to retail the genuine Watkins Products in city territories.Exceptional opportunity to tie upwith oldest; and largest company ofits kind. Our hustlers average income is $1.10 an hour. Are you doing as well? If not, write to-dayfor free samples and particulars.THE J. R. W ATKINS CO.,Dept. 82, Memphis, Tenn.(nov3-tf)BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.Bourbon county farmers have putIncome busy days husking and housing their corn crops. Perfect fallweather has aided them greatly inthis work. The drouth that has prevailed has caused, the grain to mature and cure in excellent condition.The yield will be considerablyshorter than that of,, last year.'Tobacco has cured up in fineshape, and as soon as a good .raincomes stripping of the weed willcommence. A' small amount ofstripping has already been done.Farmers outside the Burley poolwill have until November 6th tosign contracts placing their crdps incare of the Association for handling. Sowing of fall "grain has beencompleted. Most of the rye, wheatand barley is faring well, but agood soaking rain would help matters very materially.o-USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,0, RIGHTEOUS JUDGE! 0, JUSTJUDGE!There was a dispute in JudgeWilliam Alexander's court, in Cincinnati the other morning as towhether some whisky seized at thehome of Mrs. Fannie Litz was illicitor the "real stuff." The judge tasted it and decided that it was thebest whisky he had sampled for along time." He ordered the casedismissed and the whisky returnedto the woman.Human Beings 10,000 Years From Now.According to one scientist, our armsand legs will gradually disappear fromour bodies, though he estimates thiscalamity as not occurring for at least10,000- years. Meanwhile, ye do nothave to worry.PERSONALSCarl Williams is able to be atTiis place of business after an illness of several weeks.Miss Frances Boone has takena room with Mrs. J. T. Clark, inthe Robneel building.Mrs Thomas Bratton has returned from a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Marion Peters, in Louisville.Mrs. Will S: Arnsparger has returned from a visit to her mother,Mrs. Mollie Baldwin, in Winchester. ' H. C. Willett of Dayton, Ohio,a former resident of Paris, is aguest of friends and relatives in thecity and county.Grover Baldwin is visiting hisbrothers, James Baldwin, at1 Garland, West Va., and Robert Baldwin, at Graham, Va.Mrs. Catherine Davis CraigCraig will leave to-day for MiowgcoMineral' Springs, near Milan, Indiana, to spend several weeks.Mrs. J. C. Morrison, of Charleston. West Va., and Mrs. Lane But-'ler, of Lexington, will arrive thisweek to be guests of Mrs. CharlesE. Butler.Miss Virginia Morrison has returned to Kentucky WesleyanCollege at Winchester, after a visitto her parents; Mr. and Mrs. J. A.Morrison', in this city.Miss Margaret Hill will arriveto-day from the Kentucky Collegefor Women, at Danville, for aweek-end visit to her mother, Mrs.Daisy Margolen, on High Street.Miss Lucy Blythe Simms entertained very informally at luncheonWednesday in honor of Mrs. GeorgeLyons, of New Orleans, La., theguest of Mr. and Mrs. George R.Hunt, of Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Greer, daughter of Rev. and Mrs. C. H. Greer,formerly of Paris, who is attendingthe Kentucky Wesleyan College, inWinchester, was a recent visitorat the home of Dr. and Mrs. J. M.Williams, in this cityMiss Minnie Fox, of Big Stone'Gan. Va.. and Mrs. Cabell Moore,'of Washington, D. C' cv i'the late Mr. and Mrs. John Fox, ofParis, have returned to their homes'after a visit to Miss Lucy BlytheSimms, on Second street.Mrs. Alice Ware attended thetwenty-fourth wedding anniversary'of her son. Dr. James T. Ware, andMrs. Ware, at Danville. Their'only son, Will Ware, and Mrs.Ware, formerly Miss Elsie Jacoby,of Bourbon county, were also present. Gano E. Caywood, of Bainbridge, Indiana., is visiting rela'tives in this city and county. Mr.Caywood's mother, Mrs. CliffordThomas, of North Middletown, who"has been very ill at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, is improving. The following Bourbon countystudents of Hamilton College attended the reception given ' by theBeethoven Club of the College thisweek: Misses Rebecca Payne, MaryLetton. Matilda Ferguson, GayPayne, Anna Caywood Talbott. Isabelle Talbott.L. J. Fretwell, former memberof the Fiscal Court, and one of theold guard Confederate soldiers ofthe county, who has been very ill'for several days at 'the home of hisdaughter, Mrs. Amni PrichardBrown, on East Eighth street, is reported as being some better.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., entertained the CountryBridge Club Wednesday evening attheir home on the Cane Ridgeroad, near Paris. The home wasbeautifully decorated in autumnflowers. At the conclusion of thegames a delicious lunch was servedthe guests.Members of the C. W. B. M.,who reside in the county were recent guests at the home of Mr. and"Mrs. A. B. Lovell. on West Eighth-street. A splendid program wasrendered and a tempting lunchserved. The guests were entertained by Misses Ruby and Ruth Lovellwith musical selections.The Alumnae" Association ofSayre College, in Lexington, will'entertain with a reception this afternoon, from four to six o'clock, atthe College, in honor of the facultyand students. No formal invita,tions were issued, but all friendsand patrons Of the school are asked!to attend. Bourbon county has anumber of graduates who will be inattendance.Miss Helen Bennett was thehost recently at her home in Rich-fmond witb a beautifully-appointed'luncheon in honor of her guests,'Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis, of Paris,'and Mrs. Henry T. Ireys, of NewYork. Covers were laid for Mrs.Wallis, Mrs. Ireys, Mrs. J. J. Greenleaf, Mrs. Warfield Bennett, Miss'Willie Kennedy, Mrs. E. Tutt Burn-.am, Mrs. James Bennett and MissHelen Bennett.The regular meeting of theJemima Johnson Chapter; D. A. R.,vwill be held to-morrow (Saturday)afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, at thehome of Miss Lorine. Butler, onVine street. The hostesses for theoccasion will be Mrs. J. H. Butlsr,Miss Lorine Butler and Mrs. M. H.JDailey.. Reports of the State Conference recently hfeld in -Frankfort'will be read by the delegates whoattended, j Musical selections willfbe rendered by Mrs. Edward Prichard. (Other Personals on Pace 5) . ,DAUGHTER HADTO HELP MOTHERNow Can Do All Her HouseworkAlone Because Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound Helped HerJasner. Minn. "I saw in tio naTwabout Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetablecompound and tookit Decauseiwasnav-ing such pains inmyJstomach and throughmy back that I couldnot do my work. Ihad tried other medicines, but none didme the good thatyour Vegetable Compound did. Now I amable to do all mywork alone while before I had mv dano-h-ver staying at home to do it. 1 havetold a number of friends what it hasdone for me -and give you permission touse my letter as a testimonial." Mrs.Jesse Petersen, Route 1, Jasper, Minn.Tnere is no better reason for your trying Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound than this it has helped otherwomen. So if you suffer from displacements, irregularities, backache, nervousness or are passing through theChange of Life remember this splendidmedicine. What it did for Mrs. Petersen it may do for you.The Vegetable Compound stands upona foundation of nearly fifty years ofservice.WARNING TO THE PUBLICPostmaster J. Walter Payne hasbeen asked b the Postoffice Department at Washington to give publicity to recent fraud orders issued bythe Department against certainfirms in Canada and other foreigncountries, who have been denieduse of the mails on account of suspected irregularities in their busi-ness methods. One of these is TheCanadian Silverware Co., at Mon,UGH XY1UU1C, jUttUUUlttU UllltlllOlC WW., CU J.1XVJJ.-daugliters ofitreal, Canada, hundreds of theircards, according to PostmasterPayne, have been received at thelocal office for Paris and Bourboncounty people. The official circularissued by the Department is as follows: "On September 21, 1922, a fraudorder was issued against the Radiant Diamond & Silverware Co., theCanadian Silverware Co., the Standard Silverware Co., the Crown Silver & Jewelry Co., and the Hawaiian Diamond & Premium Co.. andtheir officers and agents as such, atMontreal, Canada. All postmastersshould treat mail addressed to theseconcerns in accordance with theprovisions of section 485, PostalLaws and Regulations, 1913."On September 20, 1922, a fraudorder was issued against F. Philipsen, Montergade 15, Post-box 30,Copenhagen K., Denmark. All postmasters should treat mail addressesto this party in accordance with theprovisions of section 485, PostalLaws and Regulations, 1913."HUBERT WORK,"Postmaster General.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwo-eco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oLEADING EDUCATORS TO SE ONPROGRAMSuperintendent of Public Instruction Geo. Colvin and Dr. R. AmesMontgomery, president of CentreCollege, will be tbe principal speakers at the annual meeting of thedepartment of superintendence,which will be held at the State Capitol December 15 and 16.Other speakers on the programinclude Dr. B. H. Bode, of the OhioState University; McHenry Rhodes,of the University of Kentucky;Prof. Zenos E. Scott, of Louisville;Dr. J. W. Carr, high school supervisor; Miss Inez Luten, superintendent of Fulton county, and Miss MaryBradley, of Scott county.o! ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abiff stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(Sl-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES1 (Hunt's GnJ-e and Soap), fail inthe.treatment of Itch, Eczema,Rineworm, Tetter or otner itching skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.VAEDErf S0H,Paris, Xy.Turkeys , Wanted!Highest cash price paid for turkeys, geese, ducks,chickens, game, eggs, and all other- country produce.- - -We charge no commission, we buy exclusively; writefor prices.Coops and cases furnished to our shippers.THE BUCKEYE PRODUCE CO., Inc.Ill EAST FRONT ST. CINCINNATI, OHIOW S$tkA rWf2b wzmmmum wmmmmKmmmmmmEarning money and not having a pass book is likebuilding a house and not putting a roof on it. Money inthe bank makes a shelter for you and your family when the"rainy day" comes.- If you have no bank account STARTone. If you have a bank account strive to INCREASE theBALANCE of your credit as much as you can while youcan. We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanymPlace Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!J Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsBourbonLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TQ DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGt .... . . tGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay137$tinnu..Tiniitiint...A.T))Change ofYour plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.v , IncorporatedviePatronize BourbonWe inviteYour Account.Nurseriest..a.. . .. . . .Ttt iHHinnimNight299:the Season!News AdrertUers.VItIPT. -b1v rl t-rf'1X4Sx4lfe 3R 3W-R. f?. -r.t ,!tS j&-nTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY4 FRIDAY,' NOVEMBER 3 1922.)r r AGE FOURfc?uvHAKING SUEVEY OF MINERALDEPOSITSThe Federal Bureau of Mines ismaking a survey of the, fluor spar"deposits" in Western Kentucky- witha view to their development and theundertaking further emphasizes theimportance of the State's mineralresources.Fluor spar is a mineral used forfluxing in the manufacture of steeland mining operations have . beenpractically confined to Crittendencounty, from which large quantitiesare shipped to the steel manufacturing' centers.Deposits of fluor spar have beenlocated in other sections of WesternKentucky and the government survey will determine their value andwhether the mineral exists in quantities that will justify mining operations. With the increasing importance of the mineral there seemsgood aground for the belief thatWestern Kentucky in time will Jaecome a center for the fluor sparmining industry.LODGE NOTESOne of the biggest events of theweek in fraternal circle was the bigceremonial held at Hazard Tuesdayby Dleika Temple, Shriners, of Lexington, at which a class of 85novices were led across the "burning sands." The city of Hazardwas host to hundreds of Shriners,who came from all parts "of theRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In Religion!Circles For fresent andFuturePARIS CITY SCHOOL EVENINGCOURSESOn Monday evening, November6, the evening classes of the ParisRegular services and communion at St. Peter's Episcopal churchSunday morning at 10:45, conducted by the rector, Rev. W. S. Cain,Sunday School at 9:30 a. m. Tbepublic cordially invited to attendLthese services.i Gospel meetings, conducted byEvangelist E. L. Sanford and "Samand Sallie" Guyn, singing evangelists, will begin to-morrow, Saturday, November 4, at the RuddlesMills Methodist church.Splendid crowds are hearinggreat messages each day at the revival services being held at thePresbyterian church by Dr. Thacker. Dr. Thacker uses the card system for gathering the decisions ofthe people There were a hundredor more reconsecrations at the service last night and several decisions ito move church membership to thevarious churches in town. Thesubjects for Friday will be, 10:30 a.m., "Eating and Drinking," 7:30 p.m., "The Man of The Hour." Thebusiness men are especially invitedto come to the services at 10:30 a.m. Mrs. Thacker has wired thatshe will be here Sunday afternoonfor the address to the massmeetingfor women only. This meeting willbe held in -the Presbyterian churchat three o'clock. At 2:30 p. m.Sunday in the Methodist church.Dr. Thacker will address a v massmeeting of young people. The pub-to all orCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEALAMO AND GRAND j"Iron to Gold' is the attractiveiHtlG of a uictiure produced by William -RYv nnd starring:- Dustin Far- wieh Schools will begin. Classes( -. - -hum, which comes to the Alamo in bookkeeping, typewriting, comand Grand Saturday afternoon and.mercial English, commercial aritihhight. The story, written by Geo. j metic, spelling, - penmanship andOwwen Baxter, is described as a Commercial law will be organized,'"western minus a ranch." The 1 other classes will be opened'scenes are laid in a small mining later. It is the purpose of the Paristown and the surrounding hills, j city ' Schools this winter to offerThe 'central figures are an outlaw J an educational program throughunjustly stamped aSyd criminal jthe evening school to meet the deand a girl whosefaith in him is'sire and needs of every citizen ofjustified afteTTSftous sensational j this city, who wants to study,incidents. f There are in every citty the size ofThe star's leading woman in Paris a number of men and women"Iron to Gold" is Margaret Marsh, j who were deprived of certain eduan actress of beauty and a capable j cational advantages during tneirone. I normal school period of life, and weTn "The Man Unconauerable," Uvant vou to know that you will bewhir.h comes to The Alamo and welcomed in this school at anGdand Monday afternoon and nightJack Holt has the role of a wealthynit-o- man who inherits a pearlingconcession in the South Pacific and j living, and we want to helpgoes there to straighten out d tan-. improve your education whiletime.There are a number of boys andgirls in Paris who must work for ayouyouState tn witripcis 'the ceremonial.The festivities closed with a dance I lie is cordially invitedwhich was largely attended. Pariswas represented by Thos. W. Allenand Howard Wills.Why not pattern after the sunahd see the bright side of everything?THE FAIRSave 10 and dd your hopping ',lere Monday Next (Court Day.)of these meetingsAt the First Baptist churchSunday morning there will be aspecial meeting for the calling of anastor, andare anxious that every member bepresent as the call will be made bysecret ballot. The meeting will beat the regular hour, 10:45 a. m. atthe close of Sunday School. Therewill be no preaching services" in theand the members are ask-gle. Result he wins the love of a sre workingTPrenp.h erirl (slaved by Sylvia Monev is scarce now and there isBreamer) ; bests a couple of yil- n0 need for any one to do withoutlians and brings success out or a commercial education becausefailure (they lack the money to go awayHouse Peters and Irene Rich, who from home to a business college,play two leading roles in the all- f0r we offer you business coursesstar cast of "The Invisible Power," j that are as good in 'everya Frank Lloyd Production, which respect as you will get in the busi-comes to the Alamos ana urana neSs colleges. We otter you tneseand night, are 'courses absolutely free, and wenrst offer them to you in the day school- or the night school. xLast year we started the eveningisipinRsps nnd during: the vear we en-the rolled one hundred and sixty-eightstudents. This year it is our desireTuesday afternoonappearing together for thetime. Miss Rich has been seen recently in many highly successfulGoldwyn pictures. Mr. Petersone of the foremost actors ofscreen.LAUGH TOLL TO KING COAL'It'sthose of us who are not well coaledthe Board of Deacons j But here's hoping that the minerswill dig the black diamond at arapid-fire rate. Then-, the black diamond and other express trains .willbe well supplied. With trains in1 motion the coal can be transportedfor our fuel needs. Meanwhile, weto enroll three hundred studentsin the evening classes.We cordiallv invite the businessoing to be a cold winter for men of Paris to call attention ofany one in the city that would bebenefitted by the evening school torrr.T-i -n tr jtiii ifii-a iiimiii nt'i n -i i r-: T.nr ic,cul"f,I . ." ". - . , 'all must use what coal we have oned to join in with the Presbyterains ; a" . ., .. . , ,7 7, . , -u, hand sparingly. It's the hard coal1 VI T n OIT" QAi-lTI IT VT VV I I I S I I I I I I1JL lllXJ. VTVUAUQ wwREAL ESTATE DEALSPOWERFUL INDUCEMENTSCarter N. Martin, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, sold his two-stnrv frame residence, located atIn prices and values can be found j the corner of Boone and Highon nearly every article in tHis . streets, in this city, to Jake Elvove,-store; genuine savings: real oppor-, for -$4,900. It was stated that Mr.tunities, and a tremendous range of Elvoye bought the property as anthe timeliest and most wanted mer- investment.chandise.. People are all looking for j Harris, Speakes & Harris sold' low priced goods to-day. There is j Tuesday for Jesse R. Letton, ofno reason whyyou should' pay high j near Millersburg, one hundred acresprices. J)ur goods are all sold on'of land with improvements, locatedTHE SELF SERVICE WAY, and j on the stringtown pike, to Silas S.sold for less. You can't possibly Hinkson, of near Paris, for $135 anspend money the SELF SERVICE j acre. Possession will be given onWAY without saving a part of the.Marcll t same firm soid formoney you spend. . the Kennedy heirs eighteen "acresBe sure and save 10 of puriof land with improvements, locatedtwo miles from Paris on the Ruddles Mills pike, to Owen and SamKennedy, of Paris, for $400 an acre.The sale was made for the purposeof settling the estate.that's going to be hard to get. So,if you're in sort with local dealersyou may be able to get a little softstuff. Here's a case where you canuse coke and not have the narcoticsquad on your trail. At least youcan go down into your cellar andlook over your little private stockof coal and not have the prohibition agents and your neighbors suspecting you have another kind ofprivate stock on tap in the basement.money next Monday (Court Day.)THE FAIRELECTRICAL WORK1- contitag all kinds of ElectricalFixtures EquipmentAll Sizes Bulbs ""OUR PRICES ARE RIGHT OUR WORK GUARANTEEDLET US GIVE YOU AN ESTIMATE ON YOUR WORKBLUE GRASS ELECTRIC CO.PARIS, KY. 425 Main St. . CUMB. PHONE 500DEEE AND BEAVER TEETHFOUND IN CAVETeeth found with large bones ina huge cave on the farm of JakeCorman, near Grow's Mill, Jessamine county, have been identified atthe University of Kentucky as having belonged to deer and beavers.The bones were found while anexploring party was enlarging theentrance to the recently discoveredcavern and" a party "is expected togo from the University soon to in-jvestigate the cave. No outlet hasI yet been found, but workmen arej looking for one or more because ofthe current of fresh air at all times.McDAINIEL'SINTRODUCTORYSALEWill Save You 25 to 30 Per CentonReady-to-WearFurnishingsShoes and Dry Goods. (For the Whole Family) .,s.NOW GOING ON621 Mail StreetE. Tenn. Phone 1234KU KLUX KLANAsserting that he had instructedAttorney General Richard J. Hopkins to bring action to expel fromthe State every official of the KuKlux Klan, Governor Henry J.Allen, of Kansas, said that the Klan"had "introduced into Kansas thegreatest course that can come to anyi civilized people."No charter in Kansas has everbeen granted to the Ku Klux Klanjthe chief executive stated, addingjthat the Klan's charter was grantedat Atlanta, Ga., and to make the organization legal in this State thesanction to the Kansas charterbroad was prerequisite.Continuing his denunciation ofthe Klan, Governor Allen read whathe said was the oath every; Klansman takes."Mortal man cannot assume a-more binding oath. Character and,courage alone will enable you tokeep it. Always remember that tokeep this oath means to you honorhappiness and life. To violate itmeans disgrace, dishonor, .death.""NNEW HOUSE FOE SALENEW 7-E00M H0UE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTEIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UEB0N LUMBEB CO. x(nov25-tn 7o rAbout the only thing some peoplewill share with you is theirtroubles.Job was a patient man,never had to wait for abonus.but hesoldier'isiKnew a man once whose completethe nrmortunitv afforded them. Weask you td inquire about anycourse in which you are interested,and we shall try to have thatcourse started.We especially call ,the attentionof the people of Paris to the HealthCourse being given now at theHigh School by "Dr. Holmes of theUniversity of Kentucky. This is alecture course given "at 8:15 everySaturday morning, and is open toanyone who desires to attend.Prof. Farquhar's course inShakespeare meets at 10:45 everySaturday morning.Dr. Luthell's course in AmericanHistory meets every Tfiesday afternoon' at 2:30 o'clock. Considerwell these courses if you want tostudy this winter. You will enjoyJibese splendid teachers. 'V o"newsoeghum"Spstety" and th Moral Law.The code of society is stronger withsome persons tha,n that of Sinai; hndmany man who would not scruple tothrust his fingers In his neighbor'spocket would forego peas rather thanuse & knife a$ ajshovel. -3. IL-Lowell.FOR SALEGood gas heating stove.WM. S. DALE,At Dale Restaurant. Main St.(nov3-2t)ZWe have just opened a barrel of jnew co'untry sorghum. You shouldhave some. Phone us your order.C. P. COOK & CO.INTEESTATE DIPLOMACYIt is not often that a State is called upon to send a. diplomatic mission to another to settle differences,out Kentucky had to resort to thisabout fifteen years ago. Such a'course was required to straightenout and compose differences withVirginia. jThe trouble did not arise over anyboundary dispute, as the exact linesthat separate Virginia and Tennes-'see from-Kentucky were settled longago as defined by joint boundarycommissions. The snarl with Vir-'ginia arose when it was claimedthat Kentucky officers had invadedVirginia and made arrests and Vir-jginia threatened to make reprisals, jWhen the situation became acute,the Governor appointed the lateiJudge Charles McDowell, Danville, 'as "ambassador extraordinary andplenipotentiary" to Virginia tostraighten 7out the tangle and harmonize the differences between thetwo States. . ( IJudge McDowell justified the con-'fidence reposed in him by executingthe delicate mission with which hewas entrusted and restoring amitybetween the two Commonwealthswhich since has not been interruptedby any strained relations.It is related that Judge McDowell kept the Virginia State officialsin such splendid humor with his inimitable stories and anecdotes thatthey forgot all about the troublewith Kentucky until he proposedthat it be forgotten and everythingcalled square when they 'agreedwith alacrity.oCITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOWTHE CITY TAX LISTS HAVE'BEEN TUENED OVEE TO ME F0ECOLLECTION. YOUE TAXES' AEE ;NOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALL IAND SETTLE SAME PEOMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TBUST COMPANY. .C. K. THOMAS,(13 tf- Collector.THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANFire, Wind and! Lightning Insurance.rAirships can tumble, but at least. . . . . . , -"knowledge of Latin did him no goo they can't turn the corner on oneone day, because he couldn't swim, wheel.PUBLIC SALE"OF 12 REGISTEREDDUAL PURPOSEShorthorn HeifersandYoung CowsAt Murphy's Stock Yards, Paris, Ky.Court Iay, Monday, Nov. 6thAT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.All bred and I believe safely in calf. All cattle are tubercular tested, fine chance to start a milking herd ofShorthorns, TERMS MADE KNOWN ON DAY OFSALE.J. A. BUTLERCumb. Phone 5, Millersburg, Ky.GEOj D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer"THE BANK OF SERVICE"FOR YOURSUCCESSConsult this bank whenever you needexperienced advice or counsel onBusiness ventures,-, CreditsTrade conditions." Shorttermor . 'Long time investmentsAny information we have is yours forthe asking without obligation.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co,Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS" '. $165,000.00BUY WHEREYOU LI VApples, fine eating and cooking, per peck 40cMeal, fresh ground, per peck 25cNavy Beans, per pound S 1 -3cLima Beans, per pound 1 2cRed Kidney Beans, per pound 1 0cDandy Jim Flour, 24 lbs.. 90cNo. 2 can Tomatoes .' I 1 OcNo. 3 can Tomatoes , t 15cNo. 2 can Corn 1 0cChum Salmon, per can 12 1 -2cNo. 3 can Hominy 1 OcNo. 3 can Kraut .. 1 5cDried Peaches, per pound 20 and 25cPrunes, per pound ...20cAunt Jemima Pancake Flour, per package ,. . . 1 5cPotatoes, 150-pound bag $2.40Raisins, per packajro . .' 15 and 20cFresh Oysters; standard size, per quart 60c'Fresh Qysters, frying size, per quart 75cPARIS BAKING GO.I. L. GLASS, RjlanaserZJ"SJ -VFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KENTUCKYPAGIFIYK- - Vi if"GIFTS THAT LAST"KENTUCKY SORGHUMjust received a barrel of pureKentucky sorghum. Sure is fine.Phone us you order.(lt) DOGAN HOWARD.o -GOOD COFFEE.PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some Ton,Enow and Others YonDon't.If you want tine best 40c coffee inthe world use Chase & Sanborn'sCrusader. If you want 50c coffeenee Chase & Sanborn's Seal.C. "P. COOK & CO.BOX SUPPEEi a box supper was given Wednesday evening at the HutchisonSchool, of which Miss Julia Margaret CCalnan is teacher, realizinga handsome sum which will be applied to school fund purposes.IKD BANK REPRESENTATIVEPersons desiring information regarding the opportunities offeredby the Kentucky Joint Stock LandBank, which has headquarters inLexingon. can apply to the Peoplesand Deposit Bank and Trust Co., orto Judge George Batterton, of Paris,who has recently been made one ofthe institution's representatives inParis.oSUDDEN WEALTH CAUSES SERIOUS TROUBLEThe nicest courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits, mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesy3jou can show your friends isto let them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item of anykind. Telephone it to No.124.Henry Kendrick, 25, negro laborer, plowing on Lionel Duke's farm Jin Christian county, unearthed aglass jar containing 568 gold onedollar pieces which had been mintedin the period from 1840 to 1865.He sold his interest in the treasureto John Boyd, lessee of the farm,for $200, came to Bowling Greenand bought a second hand automobile. Returning to his home, Kendrick ran over Herbert Johnson, 40,a farmer, and crushed Johnson'sright leg so badly it was found necessary to amputate it.DON'T PUT IT OFFOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold out.Come in, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW..THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME F0COLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK &- TRUST COMPANY. C. K. TEOMAS,(13 tf Collector.o-P. H. S. LYCEUM COURSEOne of the best programs in theLyceum Course was presented lastMonday evening by the KaufmanMale Quartette. The repertoireconsisted of ensemble wrork, solos,duets, cello selections and readings,which were beautifully rendered byvery capable and attractive artists.Their well-trained voices, blended humor and pathos, in a mfistpleasing variety of numbers, including the old Southern melodies andreadings that always delight the entire audience. NAnother attractive number wasgiven last evening by FrancesHendry, the famous entertainer.Mr. Hendry amused the old andyoung alike by his clever impersonations of an eccentric old man, thenegro, Pat, the Irishman and otherludicrous characters.BOURBON COUNTY IN -WORLDWiUS,Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland hasreceived from Fred P. Caldwell,State War Historian of tine Kentucky Council of Defense, fourbound volumes, compiled by Mrs.Sutherland and Mrs. Allie SmithDickson, of North Middletown,showing the part Bourbon countyplayed in the world war. The volumes which have been placed ondisplay in the show window of Shire& Fithian, contain a complete nistory of the soldiers, sailors andmarines from Bourbon county.The work reflects great credit onthe patience, ability and understanding of the compilers, whowere untiring and faithful in theirefforts to give a complete record ofthe Bourbon county boys in thewar.The books will remain in the custody of Shire & Fithian until theMemorial Building, at the corner ofBroadway and High, is ready foroccupancy. The books were accompanied by a letter from Mr. Caldwell, in which Mrs. Sutherland andMrs. Dickerson were highly complimented on the excellence of .theirwork. " "Miss Frances Stone, of Danville, will be the week-end guest ofMrs. A. V. Douglas.Duncan Bell has returned froma ten-days' stay at Miwogco Mineral Springs, near Milan, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bourne andMr. and Mrs. Gowan Bourne, ofDanville, have been recent guests ofMr. and Mrs. A. V. Douglas.John H. Stewart, of Millersburg, who was injured by beingknocked down in Carlisle by a horse,was reported yesterday as being ina serious condition.Miss Ruth Sears, formerly ofParis, -is very ill at Connersville,Indiana, where she recently underwent an operation for appendicitis.Miss Sears is a sister oftfrs. Clarence Boaz, of Paris.Rev. and Mrs. John J. Rice andlittle daughter, Miss Suedell Rice,of Danville, are visiting Mrs. Rice'sfather, Dr. J. T. Brown, and attending the revival meeting in progress at the Presbyterian church.Mrs. A. V. Douglas entertainedManday evening with a Hallowe'enparty for Miss Doty Douglas. Tenyoung ladies responded to the invitations and passed a very enjoyable evening with games, etc., suitable to the occasion.- .,Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mann,Mrs. Howard B. Carr and little son,Charles P. Carr, have returned froman extended visit to Mr. Mann'sbrother, L. B. Mann, in TerreHaute, Indiana, and at West BadenSprings.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Christian church willmeet in the parlors of the churchto-mj'orrow (Saturday) afternoon,at 2:30 o'clock. Mrs. JepthaHaggard's class will have chargeof the program. The subject for theafternoon will be "Africa."The regular weekly meeting ofthe Bourbon County Woman's Clubwas held in the club rooms, in theMasonic Temple. Wednesday afternoon, vith a large attendance.The program was given under theauspices of the Department of Literature, as follows: "Life of QueenVictoria," Mrs. J. Simms Wilson;Current Events, leader, Mrs. Catesby JVoodford, Jr."Glen Oak," the handsome colonial home of Mrs. Allie SmithDickson, on the North Middletownroad, -was the scene Wednesday afternoon of a brilliant social gathering, when over (three hundredguests met in the, hospitable homein response jto invitations sent outby Mrs. Dickson, Mrs. StanleyDickson and 'Mrs. Edwin Thomas.The afternoon's N hospitality wasplanned as a reception in honor ofMrs. Raymer Jones and Mrs. Wm.Collins, recent brides of the vicinity. The hours were from two tofour.The beautiful home never lookedmore entrancing or lovelier thanon Wednesday afternoon, when,with its decorations of white andyellow chrysathemums. those hardyheralds of fall, and the presence ofhandsomely-gowned women, it looked like a page from some fairyscene. The guests arriving at thehome were struck with the wonderful beauty of the place, approaching the home-b? way of a driveway'winding gracefully through a greatforest of trees, with vistas here andthere of the bluegrass acres surrounding the home.The members of the receivingline, with Mrs. Allie Smith Dickson at their head, stood in the frontdrawing room. Mrs. Dickson worea beautiful gown of white Clian-tilly-lace. At her side stood thevery recent brides of the family,Mrs. William Collins, who wore ahandsome afternoon gown of blueand brown chiffon, Mrs. StanleyDickson, a gown of jade velvet,and Mrs. Raymer Jones, wearingher wedding gown of white satinand lace. Mrs. Edwin Thomas waslovely in a gown of taupe chiffon.Those who assisted in entertaining were Mrs. Warren M. Rogers,Mrs. John Willie Young, Mrs. FrankSledd, Mrs. Clay Sutherland, Mrs.Robert Jones, Mrs. John WillieJones, Mrs. Anna Cooper, Mrs. Fanniebelle Suthrland, Mrs. Tom Jones,and Mrs. Walter Meng, all handsomely gowned.The beautiful dining table, hadfor iJas centerpiece a silver basketof white and yellow crysanthe-mums and surrounding this weresilver comports of yellow and w.hitemints and, almonds.' Mrs." Charles Spears" and Miss Almeta Hinton presided at the punchtable. The sun parlor was aglowwith handsome silver baskets andVases of the same exquisite flowers,, ana Denina a screen of palmsand ferns sweet sttrains of musicwere heard from the harp and violin. Mrs. James G. Metcalfe has returned to her home, after a visitto relatives' Flemingsburg.Mr and Mrs Charles Tally havemoved to Paris from Flemingsburgto make their home in the future.Mrs. Rankin Mastin and brother, Clayde Huffman, of Paris, werecalled to Covington, Wednesday,by a telegram telling of the seriousillness- of Ralph Huffman's daughter.Mrs. Lucinda Settles, now inher ninety-fourth year, is criticallyill of double pnuemonia at herhome on High street, in Mt. Sterling. Mrs. SettUe is grandmotherof Owen Gibson, of Paris.Mrs. Fern Stone, who has beenspending a few day with hermother to resume her studies atEeastern Kentucky State . NormalSchool and Teachers' College, atRichmond.Mrs. Emma Ammerman, MissesEliza Lair, Mary Louise Northcuttand Miss Varnon, " of Cynthiana,were delightfully entertained byThomas A -Collier, near Paris.A delicious meat and salad'course was served in the sun parlor. Mrs. Fielding Rogers and Mrs.Harold Harris poured . coffee. Bothyoung matrons wore lovely afternoon gowns.Mr. and Mrs. Stanley J. Young,'of Nortih Middletown, have bestwishes for their daughter, who wasborn October 30, at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington.She has been named Emily Carolyn'Young, in honor of her grandmother, and her great aunt, Mrs.J. Hood f Smith, of Winchester.Mrs. Young was before her marriage Miss Carolyn Ratliff, of Lexington. Mrs. Pearl Renaker, of Cynthiana, is visiting her sister, Mrs W.E. Cook, near Paris. Mr. and Mrs.Cook and daughter,, and Mrs. Renaker, attended the chapel exercisesat the Millersburg High School, andwere deligtfully entertained by Prof,and Mrs. J W. Lancaster., One of the most enjoyable ofthe many Hallowe'en festivitiesTuesday night was the masquedance given at the Masonic Templeby members of the Masonic fraternity. There was a large crowd inattendance, despite the fact thatthe big crowd outside was having abig celebration. Music for thedancers was furnished by Bishop'sOrchestra. The first prize for thebest costume, $5.00 in gold, wasawarded to Mr. and Mrs. Thos. A.McDonald, whose make-up impersonating "Uncle Sam and Miss Columbia," was inimitable. The second prize, $2.50 in gold, went toMr. and Mrs. Edward F. Faulkner,who impersonated "Two CountryRubes." The judges were M. 'H. H.Davis, Mrs. R. C. Talbott and Mrs.H. O. James. During the intermission delicious refreshments wereserved.(Other Personals on Page3)STRAWBERRIES IN WINTERA large box of delicious (appearing) strawberries grown on thefarm of Wm. G. Talbott, nearParis, are displayed in the showwindow at the clothing store of J.W. Davis & Co.Mrs. John Welsh, of Centerville,picked from her .strawoerry patchrecently some very fine strawberriesof the Everlasting variety.Mother makes the garden andj&utsup the preserves, and father doesthe eating. Thus partnership makesthe perfect home.LOSTAt Paris High School, or on thestreets of .Paris, a diamond ring,with small set. Finder please leaveat THE- NEWS office and receive rePLANT BULBS NOWJust received direct from Holland,Tulips, Hayacinths. Narcissus, Jonquils and Crocus. Come and getyours to-day.J. SMITH,Cumb. Phone 615. Second Street.(nov3-3t)FOR SALE.One-ton Ford truck, in good condition. Call either phone 221.(3-2t)Visit Our StoYeWhen in Need of Ladies',Misses' and Children'sCOATSSpecial Bargain Week Prices.See and Save atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINE "Corner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS. KY.NMAKING POSSIBLEThe Apparently ,IMPOSSIBLE!-7 -oWE are selling QUALITY merchandise for men and boys at LOW prices.cA visit to our store ,will be more convincing than merely saying it Jiere.Eet us pay your movie bil for you.We give tickets free. Ask us."'LEWIS W0I1STELNTwin Bros.7 Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE" " .,yBlanketsand Comforts, We are showing a verycomplete new line ofWool and Cotton Blankets and Comforts linedwith wool and laminatedcotton.v --We will be pleased toshow you.ySThe prices are very attractive., .v JiVctTHE J. T. HINTON CO.XSIXTH AND MAINEITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingy-,Xv-v1-,ISi3KTty .ii, ,fr FAGllSg"11 "'Uiag. v,r'yMCTKBT,,,J"''" THE BOUKBON 'TffliWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYUiJJ'llU'i'H" 1 'FRIDAY; NOVEMBER 3, 1522taet-J' ,,Don't Be Penny Wiseand Pound FoolishDon't think because you can get abig can of Baking Powder for littlemoney that you are saving anything.There's Only One Way toSave on Bake-Day, UseALU METThe Economy BAKING POWDERIt costs onlyafraction of a cent foreach baking.You use less because it containsmore than the ordinary leaveningstrength.The sales of Calumetare over 150 greaterthan that of any otherbaking powder.Be? m01 iMtBA-rtCTHEST BY TESTTS WQIUJD'S GREATEST BAKING POWDERGREENBACKS RAIN ON EXCITEDPOPULATIONFifteen hundred dollars in fivedollar bills lie grouped to bits alongthe right-of-way of the Chicago andAlton railroad, or have been secreted by Auburn, 111., residents, according to officials of the road afterchecking up on the $20,000 whichfell from a mail pouch and wasscattered over the road bed.Five men who alighted from apassing freight train to gather insome of the greenbacks are in jail,while postal officials are on theirway to investigate.The mail pouch was ripped openby an automatic device while the C.and A. mail train, bound from St.Louis to Chicago, was going sixtymiles an hour. The bag was tornopen and & rain of five dollar billsfluttered through the air. One package of currency was ground to piecesbeneath the wheels. Men withbuckets and women with onenaprons went along the right of way!picking up the money. All but $1.-'500 had been recovered. !HINTS FOR EIRE PREVENTIONEvery autumn the Governors ofcertain States set aside one day called "Fire Prevention Day." The planwas begun a few years ago, when insurance companies compiled reportson the enormous damage that resulted from avoidable fires.Here are some of the precautionary suggestions from the annualproclamations:.Do not leave papers and rubbishin the cellar or attic.Keep all matches covered, awayfrom nibbling .mice, and beyondthe reach of children.Do not keep inflammable fluidsexposed to heat of any kind.Have all electrical apparatus thoroughly examined for leaks or brokeninsulation. This includes electriccurling irons, laundry irons, vaccumcleaners and washing machines.If housewives give their attentionto these examinations and precautions one day each year, experts aresure that an enormous amount ofproperty will be saved from fire destruction.Land of Stone Trees.Rock impressions of palm leaveshave been uncovered near Florissant,Colorado, the stem of an exogenoustree mined In a chunk of coal at Leyden, and petrified stumps & treesfound in the streets of Denver.o. Guard Persian Monarch's Jewels.In a safe in the shah of Persia'sv palace at Teheran, millions of dollars'worth of jewels are hidden and a bodyof 50 armed men find employment inpiarding them.oUnhappy Thought.With the player-piano perfected,some genius may invent a player-saxo-phone. Duluth Herald.BACKACHE ISJWARNINGParis People Should Not NeglectTheir Kidneys.A SIN TO LETHADTFALL OUT3 5c"Danderine" Saves Your-Hair Ends Dandruff!Delightful TonicHurry! It's your duty! Each dayyou eee a little more hair falling outAnd you are making no effort to avoidbaldness. "What a pity. Falling hairmeans your hair is weak, sick, possiblydandruff is strangling it, or the hairroot pores in the scalp are not firm andlight, thus wasting the hair-growing oils.Danderine almost instantly stops falling hair of men or women and cleansvery particle of dandruff away, thenthe hair -takes on new life, vigor andstrength to grow strong, thick, and long.Danderine' is delightfulnot stickyor greasy. Go to any drugstore nowand get a bottle. Use it. Have healthy,ieavy, beautiful hair and lots of it.Backache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys. To cure the pains and aches,to remove the lameness when itarises from weakened kidneys, youmust reach the cause the kidn'eys,It you have pain through the smallof your back, urinary disorders,headaches, dizzy spells, or are nervous and depressed, start treating thekidneys with a tested remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have beenused in kidney trouble for over 50years. Read Paris testimony.Thomas A'Hern, proprietor restaurant, 927 Pleasant street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pills are all rightand I recommend them highly. Iused Doan's s.ome time ago whenmy kidneys were out of order andback ache(I just over the kidneys. Ihad dizzy spells and -felt sleepy. Ilacked ambition to do my work. Assoon as I began using Doan's KidneyPills, which I got at Oberdorfer'sDrug Store, I got relief and threeboxes cured me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. A'Hern had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)A Friendly Tip.A young woman tells of dining outand being seated next to the six-year-olddaughter of the house. When hermother left the table for a momentthe little one leaned toward theirguest and said in a low, admonitorytone: "Now do be careful, 'causethese are our best table glasses."Boston Transcript.Sign of Health.One of the best signs of good healthIn childran is a steady gain in weightand height, and this In turn is thesign of a suitable diet. Another indication of 'good child health is plenty ofdeep sound sleep. Both of these arenecessary to healthy, normal growth.Many Women Farmers.One out of every twenty-five farmsm the United States If operated bywoman.f . . i v, JKr JR if---SPEND MILLIONSTO AID VETERANSRed Cross Has Used $10,000,000 in Assisting Disabled ExService Men arid Families.ANNUAL REPORT ON ACTIVITIESContraction of Post-War Work In Foreign Fields and Expansion in Dov. mestic Activities of Peace Fea- ,ture of Last Year's Work.Wafehingtonj Contraction of postwar work in foreign fields, expansionIn the domestic activities of peace,and sustained Interest of the membersof chapters in local service programs,are featured in the annual report ofthe American Red Cross for the fiscalyear ended June 30, 1922, just madepublic.Membership statistics shoxv approximately 4,000,000 enrolled on July 1last, and 3,300 active chapters in theUnited States and in its insular pos-i sessions and foreign territory. Thepeak of war time had 3,785 chapters.When a year ago emphasis was laidon the fact that the Red Cross wasspending some .$10,000,000 to help thedisabled ex-service man or his family,the general opinion seemed to be thatthe high mark for this service hadbeen reached. Yet for the fiscal yearjust begun a budget of $3,030,692.90,or $365,560 more than was spent lastyear for soldier service, was set apartby national headquarters. Adding tothis budget the funds which will bedisbursed by the chapters throughoutthe ,-cpuntry, it is estimated that theaggregate for the current year willfall not far short of another $10,000,000. These funds are devoted to awide variety of ministrations to thedisabled veterans which the government is not authorized by law to render and for which no funds are provided by congress. On June 1 last27,487 disabled ex-service men werereceiving treatment under the government, and authorities declare that thenumber will reach 28,000 by January1, 1923.Help for Veterans.In addition to individual service toveterans under treatment the RedCross claims and information servicehandled 71,260 claims of all kinds inthe year just closed. The chaptersreported 1,665,079 instances of serviceto veterans and their dependents, at acost estimated to exceed $5,340,000,and 64,174 allotment checks which thePost Office department reported, undeliverable were delivered to theirrightful owners by the Red Cross.Although the service which theAmerican Red Cross was called uponto do in behalf of the stricken andimpoverished nations overseas duringand after the war practically came toa close on last July 1, the program ofservices and relief adopted for thecurrent fiscal year require a budgetmounting to $9,739,872.47 This is lessby $2,735,975 than last year's expenditures by the national organization.However, the large financial operations of the 3,300 active chapters during the year, combined with this budget, it is estimated will approach anaggregate of some $20,000,000 expended throughout the world by andin the name of the Red Cross.The following summary of the allocation of Red Cross expenditures under the various main headings in thenational budget for the year July 1,1922, to June 30, 1923, does not includechapter expenditures or any estimateof the value of volunteer work doneby thousands. of chapter members, butit visualizes an operating expense inpeace time In the spirit and along thelines of the chartered .duties of theAmerican Red Cross:How the Money Is Spent.Assistance to disabled ex-servicemen and women 13,030,692.90Service and assistance to RedCross chapters and theirbranches 1,293,210.80Disaster relief ' 750,000.00Hospital and other service toregular army and navy....... 306,300.00Assistance to other organizations co-operating m work related to Red Cross activities.. 200,000.00Other activities in the UnitedStates 18040699Medical and hospital supplies fordistribution by the AmericanRelief administration in Russia 1,834.044.83Completion of child health program in Europe 641,31410Completion and liquidation ofgeneral relief operationsabroad 810,71816Assistance to League of RedCross Societies 200,000.00Management 493,154.70Total national budget $9,739,872. 47The item of service and assistanceto Red Cross chapters and theirbranches, in the above summary, embraces a general service adjusted tosuch activities as the health service,which includes staff aids in life sav-JIng, first aid and nutrition work; theJunior American Red Cross program;the nursing service, including enrollment and assignment of nurses for allRed Cross and public health nursingdemands; and all other emergenciesin chapter work in every field.Disaster relief requires a high efficiency of preparedness to render adequateaid without loss of time. In 73disasters last year $1,441,486 was expended by the Red Cross. It is evident, therefore, that the budget fordisaster relief this year is conservative. Of the total budget less than SfiOO -000 is allotted for management in thenational organization.THE SUPEENATUEAL ANGELEvery now and then Kentuckycomes across with something orother that the supersitious ascribe tosupernatural powers. The latest incident was the discovery in a Hardin county rural home of the purported image of a man, the head ofthe household, a year after hisdeath.Wild excitement followed the discovery' of the purported likene3ss appearing on a table cover, and hun-rdreds visited the house. All sortsof theories were advanced and manyincluding the family of the deadman, cling to the belief that it issupernatural. The less credulousascribe the likeness to a stain muchin the same manner as the old blackmammy was wont to see figures inthe sediment of a cup of coffee.The Hardin County incident recalls the wild excitement created inLouisville Itbout fiteen years ago byjthe discovery of a supposed apparition that appeared nightly over theentrance of a church on Chestnut,near Sixteenth street. Every nightthe neighborhood was thronged withthousands of people eager to get aglimpse of he apparition as togently swayed above the door.Many were certain it was an angel.The theory, however, was knockedinto a cocked hat when it was foundthat the apparition was nothingmore than the. shadow ast by aneighboring arc light through thefoliage of a tree that stood betweenthe church and the light.oWhat Stevenson Thought of Music.Robert Louis Stevenson said: "Tomake a home out of a household, giventhe raw material to wit: a wife, children, a friend or two, and a housetwo things are necessary. These area good fire and good music. And inasmuch as we can do without the firefor half the year, I may say music isthe one essential."own I II -OCarrying Their Message.While sitting on the steps one evening my little girl saw some horsescoming from the sales stables labeledBold. She came running into thehouse, crying excitedly: "Mother! Ijust saw some horses going down thestreet with their tails wrapped in paper and a note on their backs!" Milwaukee Sentinel.HOOSIERoMSssEnsZSi.jyftSaves Steps 'fay. :BrWadddl'sPile KcmcdvDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedm until you have tried Dr. Waddell'sPf2 Remedy. Absolutely hanolaas. GuarWtead to . fire absolute satisfaction orMoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourYHszist If not write us.fea Quit walking all oveifyour kitchen everyjtime you have a meal to prepare. Youfeg waste miles of steps everyday.y No won-der you are so tired out you can't enjoyTyour evenings, tll"7 tTTr- z?E& With a HOOSIERj) in your home youcansit down tb'your work.gr Everything is so!r handy and convenient that you get throughmahalt the; time, p-t Oncejs you get theHOOSIERj) you'll! wonder how you everdid without it.. Vf .. . .1 .T"Try Trading With Us ?YOU Vill I iltf It "saw t.wJIM lltV2 It, KiSCsaXOiMAz. WHOM '.A. F. Wheeler RjM Co.CHAS. GREENE,Manager?edicineCo.ISmittisGroVaKyJGET YOUR BULBS NOW!MngSTrWe are displaying the most, complete assortment wehave ever had. The same high grade we use for ourown cut flower srrowinsr. Don't fail to invPRtfost viure uuyiug. -, ..r?w.aacsra)ISJP'ar -LrJOHN CHRISTMAN CO.B&SZ.!2FLORISTSBK&.Nineteenth St., NearlMainjp..nmmfyjiia' -w?5anBoih:Phcres;3i53V52BXaBfdLINCOLNGet Behind the WheelTheFour-Passenger' SedanItli 'w.5 $4600m F. O. B. DetroitJL Ten Bbdy TypesIA " . infwtLincoln motor cars are produced by the worldsgreatest automobile manufacturing institution inaccordance with the highest standards of mami'facture known to the industry. Quality andcharacter will persistently stand foremost.It is the avowed purpose of the Ford" Motor Company thateach Lincoln purchaser shall receive the finest and mostsatisfying motor car which it is possible to produce. To thatend the development of the Lincoln, its manufacture, itsdistribution and its service will be carried to the highestdegree of perfection by placing behind it the vast resourcesof the Ford Motor Company. 'ff 'lt i.' ARUGGLESCX-'fFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKT! !'! IPAGESlYaW 1AFGHAN BORDERSCENE OF RAIDSAnachronistic Struggle Between.Bandit Hillmen and Peaceful' Plainsmen Persists.0ICE SHE.WAS-BALD4 i ynFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXES'AN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYCASCARETS" TOCLEAN BOWELSWhen Sick, Bilious, Headachy, Constipated, forSour Stomach, Gases, Bad Breath, ColdsyTRIBES ARE WILDEST OF WILDO7- ) -'.BBKjBwriBSSSSKc.S BSSr atP-SrBL?f' 'TBBliBPtBBSSji ualsSS3BS& iClean your bowels then feel fine!When you feel sick, dizzy, 'upset,Trilious, when your head is dull oraching, or your stomach is sour orsassy, just take one or two Cascar-ets.As soon as the bowels begin actingandbowel poison ana oowei gasesTOOR PEED CUTS DOWN WINTERCROP OF EGGSThree-fourths of the hens on Kentucky farms would lay more eggs inthe winter if they were fed right,according to J. R. Smyth, poultryspecialists of College of AgricultureThis has an important bearing onthe profits that farmers make fromtheir flocks because eggs are higherin price in the winter than they areat other times of the year. Theflock that produces a large numberof eggs during the coming four orfive months will pay -far more profiton a yearly basis than one thatyields the largest number of eggsin the spring and summer months."Experiments that have been carried out on the college farm andtests that have been made by farmers of the State show that someform of animal protein, such asmilk, meat scraps or tankage, isnecessary if hens are to lay the mosteggs in winter. If as much milk asa gallon a day for every 30 hens canbe had, it is not necessary to feed adry mash containing this protein.A grain mixture made of 70 partsof corn and 30 parts of oats or meatshould be given along with the milk.It probably will be best for farmersto use wheat along with the cornthis winter as Kentucky oats thisyear turned out to be poor quality.Ground limestone also should beIceDt before the hens at all times asthis is needed for making egg shells. ses flatulence, heartburn sour,, . . ... . , ness, fermentation or stomach dis-"On farms where milk cannot be -, . .,. A - . ., tn , i tress caused by acidity. A few tab-had, a dry mash made of 40 pounds lets give almost immediate st0machof corn meal, 20 pounds of bran, 30relieL Correct your stomach andpounds of shorts and 20 pounds of j digestion now for a few cents.tankage that contains at least 60 Druggists sell millions of packages.per cent protein should be used atall times and a pound of the grainmixture fed for every pound of mashthat the hens eat. It is best to feedone-third of the grain, in the morning and the other two-thirds atnight in a litter of straw of ten to12 inches deep. When milk is being iused to supply the protein, an aver-1,M f fr. 19 m ic e f..,,., ,, rIar lines. The negroes continued togram should be fed each day for fQrm part Qf bmds untu yeapeacn iuu nens in me nocK.o"Old Colony."The expression "Old Colony" wasoriginally applied to that part ofMassachusetts included within the limits of the Plymouth colony, but afterwards used to designate the entirestate. In 1692, the Plymouth and Massachusetts Bay colonies, which, formany years, had been independent of?ach other, were united In one province ,bearing the name of Massachusetts. n "Sympathetic Magic"The idea of "sympathetic maficmany centuries ago, .made one of Ksappearances in the form of a Jewel or-charm. The beetle was the symbolof Immortality and must -not beharmed. But some genius conceivedthe Idea of carving a beetle out ofJ ."?, "U l, !hTi V , "um " U;.Tbeetle and a claim to Its protection.People for Whom the Best Is NoneToo GoodAre always the most enthusiasticconcerning the excellence of ourDry Cleaning andDyeingWe have one of the most efficientRemodeling Departments,m the country. Furs transformedinto the mode very quickly. Men'sand women's garments altered" inany way desired. 'We dye fur skins and remodel themin any way.We tailor make men's or ladies'suits, $50.00 up. latest styles.We pay $2.50 railroad fare on everycustom-made suit ordered from us.Send goods parcel post. We haveno agents.THE TEASDALE CO.625-627 Walnut Street,Cincinnati, Ohio.nov3-10-17-24)PILES! PILES! PILESWILLIAMS' PILE OINTMENTFor Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00. -ymilAMSMFC CO., Tim.. CtovUad. OhimTt Salt BjrPBOLDOMUL III MTOODflare cleared away, you will feel likea new person.Cascarets never sicken or crampyou. Also splendid for constipatedchildren. 10 cents a box, also 25and 50 cent sizes. Any druggist.(adv-F)Action Out of an Old Rug.An old rug too worn for use maybe placed on the porch or kitchenfloor and painted on the wrong side.Give the rug two coats of paint andone of weather-proof varnish. Youwill find you have a firm, serviceablerug, easily cleaned and suitable forkitchen or sun porch. By varnishingoccasionally the rug will last severalyears. Delineator.- oIt Scatters Yellow Fever.The frightful disease, yellow fever,is carried and spread exclusively bya species of mosquito, the Stegraoyia,which is the common house skeet ofthe tropics. It is very tiny so small,Indeed, that ordinary wire screenswill not keep It out and strikinglymarked a silvery white lyre-shapedpattern on the thorax, white stripeson the abdomen and legs bandedblack and white.STOMACH MISERY,GAS, INDIGESTION'Tape's Diapepsin" CorrectsSour, Upset Stomachsat OnceI MHtiiit nm"Pape's Diapepsin" is the quickest surest relief for indigestion,(adv-F)First English Military Bands.The first military band was heard inEngland in 1785. The duke of York,son of George HI, imported a band oftwelve German musicians with threenegroes, and established them as theband of the Coldstream Guards. Otherregiments then formed bands on sinn-1838Prunes.Sixty-four years ago Louis Pellier,French Immigrant, took with him toCalifornia from his native country twoprune cuttings. These he planted onhis brother's ranch near San Jose, thusbeginning the prune industry in California. Today California produces anannual prune crop of 225,000,000pounds.oHow to Open a New Book.To the lover of books there is nothing so exasperating as to- see a newbook ruined by careless opening. Toopen a new book correctly let It reston its bound edges then put one -backcarefully down and then the other. Putdown a portion of the leares, alternating back and front' until all theleaves are down. A new book openedtW way a few times will not be ruinediby the leaves coming loose,Great Writer's Work Analyzed., Turgenev's novels are nearer topoetry than any others, because hisJ??'"!. ? " .TUT.UUUU.1. J-lK.e OU" UUCll, lie ixiurwco "Jsongs cut of sorrow; all his exquisiteI precision of detail, all his skill of conI struction, are means of expressingthat His very characters aremouth! pieces of it, and subdued to the minorkey. So his books have the unity or'music. A. Clutton-Brock.Worth Remembering. .An ant Is a wise creature for Itself,but It Is a shrewd thing In an orchard or garden. And certainly menthat are great lovers of themselveswaste the public. Divide with reasonbetween self-love and society; and beso true to thyself, as thou be notfalse to others, especially to thy kingand country. It Is a poor center ofa man's actions, himself. FrancisBacon.oThey Guessed ItA few weeks after I was married Iwent to a department store and purchased a rug which I wanted delivered. I gave the clerk my moneyand she asked me my name. Itcompletely .slipped my mind, and Istood in front of her and numeroulinquisitive customers for two endlessminutes, when the clerk remarked:t must bt a new one.H-CnIcitI Tribune: r " - 'India's Ntrthwest Borderland Is aRacial Crazy Quilt MountaineersNever Completely Subdued byAfghan er Briton.Washington, D. C. Dispatchesatom India, detailing the havocwrought by raids along the Afghankerder, may indicate to those whohave traveled in the Bast merely thatIndia's "annual frontier war" is on.But, as pointed out in a bulletin fromthe Washington (D. O.) headquartersof the National Geographic societydealing with the northwest Indianfrontier, troubles in the East mighteasily mean a great deal more thisyear."With the Near East, central Asiaand India seething with unrest," saysthe bulletin, "any mud-walled Afghanvillage, with its battlemented towersmight become another Serajevo.Hillman vs. Plainsman."From Armenia, to Wazlrlstan,where ever-'wlld mountains, destituteof crops, frown down on rich valleysand wide, fertile plains, there persiststhe anachronistic struggle betweenthe freedom-loving bandolero of themountain fastnesses and the peaceloving plainsman. Steadfast standthe frontiers which separate the regions where law and order are a helpfrom those where they are a hindrance. ' "The tribes which Inhabit thejumble of land between the Indus andthe Afghan boundary are a wild lotMalaria has left its mark on many,but the fittest have survived. Climateand famine, knife and jezail have disposed of the weaklings. Neither Afghan nor Briton has ever been ablecompletely to subdue the freedomloving mountaineers who inhabit thisrabbit-hiAclr of warlike clans whichhave been used pro and con accordingto where the best fighting was promised and the best pay offered."These are the independent tribes,each with its own William Tell. AndIf their independence is noticeablefrom beyond the breastworks of theirbeloved hills, their local independenceis just as marked. For every manwho has fallen before, the invadermany another has fallen in the interminable inter-tribal blood-feuds."One might call the region the landof Pushto and postin, for Pushto isthe language which binds most of thetribes together even more closely thantheir Mohammedan religion."The Pathans claim descent fromthe lost tribes of Israel, who were carried captive into Media by Nebuchadnezzar. That makes them close relatives of the Durani Afghans, whose dynasty still Ailes Afghanistan. Buithere are Pathans and Pathans, andlocally at least they are called bjother names.Ghilzai Makes Fine Figure1."The man who wins deepest admiration is the Ghilzai, upon whose caravans the frontier trade dependsOnce their dynasty ruled Persia. Novthey weave the shuttle of trade backand forth between central Asia andthe Indian plains, bringing the richrugs of Bokhara and Persian pussycats past the stern walls of Fort Jamrod to the Kabul! bazaar in PeshawarTricky as a gipsy in horse-trading, fullof contempt for the Hindu and of fellow feeling fer the Sikh, warriors bcourajfe; Vobbeip'by nature,' Iraders bjprofession! the Ghllzals are a manhlot whose early forbears of Turkiil'origin lived in the central Aslaslands whence they bring down thdried fruits of Murghab and thZerafshan. Tramping along with hit.heavy-necked camels, his powerfulchest bared to sun and wind, the Ghllzal is a fine figure of a mart, one whodropped among the flat-faced peopleiof the South, could well be thoughta- god."Call an Afghan 'Wazlr' and he willshow gratitude. Call him 'Wazirland he may kill without warning, foithe Waziris, the largest of Panthautribes, are considered as dregs of thearth by their fellow Afghans. Theliwomen are free and often unfaithfultheir? men hot-headed and vain. Theiienvironment has given them finbodies, but their souls are unredeemedNowhere is there a better examplof a region where every prospectpleases, and only man Is vile."Manhood is the first requisite olhim who hopes to. join an Afghantribe. He must win his spurs beforehe is given a wife and his share itthe tribal lands."Behind the coat of dirt which ifthe right of every tribesman except oidurbar days both men and women armore than' ordinarily good looking.In most tribes the women are jealously guarded and the reward' for dultery 'Is death to the woman ani thiloss of his right foot to her paramour."Warrior, freebooter, marauderthief, the true Afghan will not keep sshop or learn a trade. The hills anhis brothers, his knife his boKoisfriend, his matchlock his protectorHe may lend himself to this faction othat, to empire or democracy, to progres or destruction. But above everjother interest is his desire for lade-pendence.Bald-headed men, here's news foryou. At five Helen was bald, and recently at eleven, she appeared beforethe Illinois Free Homeopathic clinicwith the beautiful head of hair whichyou see in the picture, and at that ithas been bobbed three times. DoctorsC. D. Collins and A. H. Gordon, whocured Helen, told how it was done.They fed the child on endocrine glandtablets and subjected her to violetray treatments. Within seven monthsafter the treatment began Helen had afull head of hair.BULGAR WAR TRIAL IS SLOWCabinet Men in Jail Three Years WaitTurn to Address Court TrialEnters Second Year.4Sofia, Bulgaria. Trial of the members of the Radislavor cabinet, whichbrought Bulgaria into the war on theside of Germany, will soon enter itssecond year. Two hundred and fiftywitnesses gave testimony during thefirst six months. Then it took onemonth to read the indictment. Thecrown prosecutor spoke for 17 days,and then D. Tonchef, former ministerof finances and one of the accused,spoke for 20 days to explain his part,and has not yet completed his introduction. Ten more of the accusedcabinet ministers and about twentybarristers are yet to speak.The defendants already have beenthree years in prison, where they havebeen preparing their speeches and other features of their defense. Thojudges are mostly peasants and someof them have remarked that if theylisten another year or two theywill be able to pass their first examination to the bar without attendingthe university.WOMEN WILL FILL PULPITSNew South Wales Synod May LicenseChurch Deaconesses in Anglican Church.Sydney, N. S. W. The prospect ofwoman preachers occupying pulpits inmany New South Wales churches hasarisen as the result of a proposal,which Is to come before - the nextAnglican provincial synod, that womenbe permitted to conduct services undercertain conditions.The proposed ordinance suggests thatthe archbishop or bishop of a diocesemay issue a license to a deaconess toperform any of the following duties:To prepare candidates for baptism andconfirmation ; In church, In the absenceof the pastor, to read morning andevening prayer and the litany, exceptsuch portions as are assigned to thepriest only, and to instruct and to exhort the congregation and to conductservices 'for women and children.RECLAIMS 500,000 ACRESPreject Fostered by ' Government andPrivate Aaojoiatiens ExtendsAgriculture.Home. Pursuing a policy of landreclamation, the government, workingwith private associations, has broughtunder cultivation 500,000 acres of landwhich otherwise, would be virtuallyworthless. v .In the Ferrara and Modena districtsa drainage basin covering 200,000 acreshas been completed and 150,000 milesof ditches have been built. This workalready has cost 30,000,000 lire, andfurther drainage and irrigation projects will cost as much again.In the Polesine-San Giorgio district125,000 acres of swampy, malariousland has been converted into some ofthe most fertile grain fields of Italy.$333 Makes Miliionarre.Berlin. The sum of $333 in UnitedStates coin makes a man a millionaire In Germany In German marks..One can purchase 2,005 marks for $1now. They used to be worth 24 cents.iiiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiiii"Pesky" Crows SavedJersey Potato CropF. E. Harris and Henry Shaw,two farmers near Cape May, N..T., are thanking a flock of about300 crows for what they nowbelieve will prove to be a bumper potato crop. They had aboutgiven up hope of saving theplants from a horde of big greenworms when the crows alightedin the fields and in a few minutes had picked the plants cleanof worms.ftWwillyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained id the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.BDOWNforcCTHE TTNLMERSAL CAR-Lowest F. O. B. . Prices in theHistory of the CompanyChassis $235.00Runabout, regular $269.00Touring, regular $298.00Truck Chassis $360.00Coupe $530.00Two-Door Sedan.. v $595.00P. O. B. DetroitStarter remains $70.00; Demoun tables $25.00, when supplied on open types. Closed Jsyjjes are priced withStarter arid Demoiintables. t, : ' . 'RUGGLESIXHXaXBKSX1XBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetSRI1IIThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyXXHXIiXHXBXHXHXXBIXHXIvvBourbon 'News Advertisers Get ResultscounselAGAIN;::asxi1X1SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHW0RD1With all the latest improve- uments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are Jf fprepared to do work infe-nor to none, ana solicityour patronage.Ifj .i.vt h i ;- 3 . . "v - ,1 5? J? .s .? 5- :-rygnj6&;iT5fc w y-I !iis-r V" 'ut"r -251V . -r ..vtn.'l ''-'j.-A'VJUUlBf4l'' tVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PjSK;T ' HEiraVOTYt:?:4-" ujjyhEarjig'itt Jtaxjss' fesiy$5gftJSAT?4W?f ?yPAGBKIGHTAK'bSri-. iBLLMURGSfcriererting Hews Items From BonrV . bon County's College TownMrs. Monroe Leer and son are-visiting Mrs. Charles Carrington,sa.t Irvine.Mr. and Mrs. John Wright arevisiting Mr. and Mrs. Tom Smiths3ji -South Carolina.Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Shannon-are guests of their daughter, Mrs.W. "Rash, in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Wilsoniiave returned from a visit with relatives in Flemingsburg.-"Mr. G. S. Allen and sisters,"2Mrs. F. A. Cook and Mrs. Jane2Nealt are visiting relatives in Win-;f-nester.Miss Elizabeth Miller entertained with a party Hallowe'enmight for the Young Peoples' Soci-ety of the Methodist church.Miss Virginia Shanklin enter-ralned-Wednesday afternoon at her4home on the Maysville road, with a"bridge luncheon, in honor of Miss"ILevina Layson.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Redmon entertained Tuesday, night at theirfveoiintry home in nonor of Miss Levina, Layson. A large 'number ofrelatives -and . friends were theigueste.Mrs. Sidney Higginbottom, - of-fTateewell, Va; is visiting her aunt,TMrs. C C. Fisher. Mrs. Higgin-' "bottom was before - her marriageMiss Eugenia Dickerson, a formerstudent of ;Millersuui-g College. "' -Mr. and Mrs. James Miller en--'tertained at' their home on irtheMaysville ' road . Monday night- in1i6nor of Miss Levina Layson. Thequests were Miss Levina Layson,"Dr. J. Owens. Miss Virginia Shank-lin, Mr. Pogue, Miss Elizabeth Milder, Garland ' Fisher.- Dr. J. C. Hunt, of Nashville,"Tenn., will preach at the union-.service Sunday night in the PresTbyterian church. Dr. Hunt is aformer pastor of 4he Madison avenue Presbyterian church, Cincin--nati.and is well-known here. HeDEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayROEAlva Howard Roe, aged fiveyears, son of Mr. and Mrs. OllieRoe. died at the home of his parents, in East Paris, Tuesday night,following a short illness from membraneous croup. Besides his parents, he is -survived by one brotherand two sisters.The funeral was held at 2:30o'clock yesterday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery by Rev. 0. B.Crockett, pastor of the Paris Methodist church.GARRISONLeonard Garrison, aged sixtythree, died at his home near Millersburg, following a lingering illness of a complication of diseases.Mr! Garrison'' had recently returnedfrom Rochester, Minn., where he'had been a patient in the MavoBros.' Hospital.Mr. Garrison is survived by threebrothers, Sylvester Garrison, EllisGarrison and Fred Garrison.The funeral was held at theBlacks' Cross Roads church, withservices conducted by Rev. James E.Wright. The interment followed ine- family; lot in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearers were theseven nephews-of Mr. Garrison. -'wxrctfi , 6tftfrTOGBASS SEED POOL WELLUNDER WAYPreliminary steps wiy be completed within two weeks for the organization of the Bluegrass Seed Cooperative Marketing Association,that is to be modeled after the planof the Burley Tobacco Growers' Association, R. P. Taylor, cashier ofthe Clark County National BankWinchester, said.The association's contract, whichwill be prepared by Aaron Sapiro,nationally known co-operative marls an attractive speaker and a treat keting expert, will be similar tois in store 'for those who hear him. those of the burley and dark tobac-aersburg Military institute. -. ,co bodies. It will embody a fiveA partly was enjoyed Hallow-e'en evening by the children of the-.grades in the Millersburg HighSchool. The class rooms . weredecorated in Hallowe'en emblems,autumn leaves, yellow chrysanthemums, black cats and pumpkins.IVIany wore costumes and maskedjgames were enjoyed, directed by the.teachers of the grades.The Christian Endeavor Soci-year pooling arrangement.According to ' Mr. Taylor, thisyear's production of Bluegrass seed,totaling 800,000 bushels, alreadyhas been pooled, but he explainedthat the producers are enthusiasticover the co-operative associationidea, and desire to organize with thelong-term pooling contract. Thisyear's seed production, Mr. TaylorviMATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings A&The Days Go By 'A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of the County Clerkat Versailles, to Eugene K. Law-;son, 30, contractor, of Bourbon jcounty, and Miss Grace Easter. 23,of Fayette county.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Darnellcelebrated their thirtieth weddinganniversary Tuesday. They weremarried in Carlisle in 1892, andhave spent thirty long happy yearstogether. They were guests of Mr.anu Mrs. Harry O. James at dinnerWednesday. Mr. Darnell owns afine farm near Hutchison, and isone of Bourbon county's most enterprising farmers.The following announcementshave been issued:"Mr. and Mrs. Claude A. Chappellannounce the marriage of theirdaughter - fEva Ashbyto Mr. William H. Phillipson Wednesday, November the firstnineteen hundred and tiwenty-two,Paris, Kentucky."At Home125 Fifteenth Street,Paris, Kentucky,After November tenth."Announcements, worded as below, have been received by friendsand relatives of the groom in thiscity and 'county:"Miss Carrie Peterson' announces the marriage of herniece,Lillie Hancock RaytoMr. Roy Fleming ClendeninSaturday, the twenty-eighth ofOctoberNineteen hundred and twenty-twoFrankfort, KentuckyAt Homeafter November eleventh691 Higgins AvenueParis, Kentucky."eiy of the Presbyterian church gave j said,' is a record crop, the usual pro-T-aHallowe'en reception in the auction being about 500,000 bush-church Tuesday night.- The decora-jejstions were Hallowe'en emblems, other members of the committee-!iial uii noveia. nui. luiuiate, dy- nrp XT p rjnv T?. TC TinnlPir ntirl TV" " -- -"J I - " r-J v.-v. ."T)les and persimmons were served.The guests were the faculty and.students of the High School, faculty-and students of Millersburg Col-.Jttesre. faculty and students, of Mil- ery County; Wm. Mclntyre, Johnw. Jones ana Hume ir'ayne, Jbour-bon county, and John Winn andM. Biook, representing Clark county; C. B. Patterson, Colonel Gatewood and E. R. Prewitt, Montgom-MARTIN BROWNMiss Louise Martin, daughteri of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin, ofthis city, and Mr. Oscar Brown, ofLondon. Ky., eloped to Jellico,Tenn., where they were married.Miss Martin lefti a note to her parents stating that she was going tospend the night with a friend, inthis city, but instead met Mr.Brown by previous appointment,and went to Jellico, where the ceremony was performed. The bridewas a student at the Paris HighSchool, and is in her sixteenthyear. The bridegrpom. twenty-one,is a linotye operator on theLondon, Ky., Sentinel-Echo, ownedand edited by Russel Dyche an uncle of the. bride. Following a shorthoneymoon trip, Mr. and MrsBrown returned to London, wherethey will reside.-BOURBON COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL 1 Robert H" GW Woodford county.NOTES " I All members of the committee areMrs. W. S. VanMeter, of Lex- members of the Burley Associationter. Miss Mary VanMeter. teacher land most of them are officers of thatit in the High School.iHallowe'en was celebrated Mon-- uay evening by the High School,,who had as guests the Juniors and..Seniors of M. M. I. and M. C. Many-striking and artistic costumes were"in evidence, the prize for the 'best' cueing awarded to Miss Whittier, ofXVL JC.,who was attired as a butterr fly. The Gold Dust Twins, the for-tHine teller and the old witch, "whowere represented by Misses RussierLake and Ethel Hickman, Miss Eli-- 2abeth Donnell and Mrs. Jaines Martim respectively, deserve honorablejr;eQtion.On Tuesday evening the grades"- were entertained by the faculty at.- a, social in the' gymnasium, wheregames, noise and pleasures were" -ilndmlged in to the fullest extent.A. -program of vocal music was- -give at the Chapel exercises Wed-rneetay by all the grade pupils and-.tke High School. The pupils are.siaking marked progress under the- - -direction of Mrs. Richart, who gives.tae lesson each week in publicschool music, leaving the work in- the hands of the grade teachers the.remaining four days. The guests'presemt on this occasion were Mrs." T. H. Thompson. Mr. and "Mrs. Will'fcGook, Misses Carrie Pded and Eli--..-zsbetfi Brown.One hunders and fifty volumes-tTrom the Kentucky Library Associc alien are still held by he HighSchool Library and "are opea to the.public for use at any -time.PARENT-TEACHERS A0 ORGANIZE. An interesting program willtKbe given at the Tetton School, near-'3?aris, at three o'clock this after-.noon. Immediately after this pro-gram a branch of the Parent' Teachers Association will be organ-ized. This will be followed by a- Aall game. Parents, patrons and? .sfrieads of the school are cordiallyiSa-rited.THow much -of joy can be given byJ "o' mmVjiikins as Suiting one We hear thit the ymm& generaKi4lr "tetter a week to; someone tion j, to he fiadT- ' That's justs , iavtrpuble, sa'dness or per-body.There are between 250 and 300Bluegrass seed producers in theState, xFUNDS FOR DAVIS SHAFT AREURGEDFunds for the completion of themonument at Fair view, Ky., to Jefferson Davis, president of the Southern Confederacy, are being collectedby the Deughters of the Confederacyand the Jefferson Davis Home Association, Gen. William B. Haldieman,president of the association, announced. The obelisk now is 216 feet high,and when completed will be carriedto a height of 351 feet. An additional $30,000 is necessary to complete the monument, General Haldeman said.Efforts are being made, he said,to obtain as large a part of the fundCHAPPELL PHILLIPSA pretty home wedding tookplace at ten o'clock Wednesdaymorning at the home of the bride'sperents, Mr. and Mrs. Claude A.Chappell, when their daughter, MissEva Ashley Cahppell, became thebride of Mr. William H. Phillips, ofParis. The ring ceremony wasused, the ceremony being performedby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, in thepresence of only the immediatemembers of the two families. 'The bride was lovely in a going-away suit of gray with hat andshoes to match and carried a corsage of Ophelia roses. Her only attenaant was Miss Anna Mae Youngi.of Paris. The bridegroom's beatman was John Arn, of Maysville,where Mr. Phillips resided beforecoming to Paris.The bride is a graduate of theParis High School and a talentedmusician. Mr. Phillips is a graduate 6f-Berea College. He is engaged in the mercantile, busines&'inParis and Maysville, and is a youngman of high character.After a short motor trip throughhe East Mr. and Mrs. Phillipswill return to Paris, and will makeas possible before the general convention of the Daughters of the their home in a handsome newConfederacy, November 15, in Birm-house' on Sixteenth street, whichingham, where it is hoped that bodywill supply, the balance."In the matter of aiding the causeof good roads in the State, the monument in that respect alone will be Jworth all it cost," General Haldeman said. "Such an object of interest will insure the construction ofMr. Phillips recently purchased.THE WORLD'S GREATEST MYSTERY PLAY"The Bat," the world's greatestmystery play, which is to be seenthorough highways leading to it, soillclc LU1S &"". "sain, puiying mthat tourists may easily find their. New York after a brief to whichway to the monument. followed its run of two years and"I have strong assurances," he ten days at - the Morosco Theatre,added, "that if the Kentucky dele-Tnis time "Th& Bat" is Playing engation of the U. D. C. can go be- &agements at the outlaying theatresfore the general convention atiof New York and Brooklyn to 'farBirmingham with the statement J greater receipts than are being rethat Kentucky has raised a large corded by any of the plays on Broadpart of this money, the rest of it will wav with .the possible exception ofbe easily forthcoming. Without re-! "Why Men Leave Home," which folgard to the perpetration of thelowed ifc at the Morosco Theatre,great name of7 Jefferson Davis by!Before the curtain "rose on the firstsuch a memorial, this is a business Performance of a two-weeks' en.-propositions of which the people of.sagement in Brooklyn, the advanceJhis State should "be quick to takeadvantage."sale totalled more than $20,000,, thelargest figure ever recorded by aplay there.ok The fellow wha waitsfor businesswhat out elders said . about us a to come to-him has 'more patience", ? A, ".ALAUtt2:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren lOcSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book '5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box Officel$1MFRIDAYFRIDAY 2-Big FeaturesColleen Moors -The waii Flower12l solendid comedv-drama. of a srirl whn rnso tn tha hoto-Titc. .DONT WRITEGarrett HughesLETTERS"GRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults ., 30cGallery 20cChildren . 1 OcA story of a lad who wasr just seventeen The old and young alike willlike this one!Saturday Wm. Fox Presents SaturdayDUSTIN FARNUMin "IRON TO GOLD'"'A Western picture with a Western "Punch." There'll be plenty othrills in this one! A story of heroism and belated" justice.- BUSTER KEATON IN "THE HAUNTED HOUSE"PATHE NEWSMONDAY Jesse L. Lasky Presents MONDAYJACK HOLTIN"The ManUnconquerable"A drama story of a fight for love and millions on a South-sea isle ofromance it's Jack Holt's greatest picture!HARRY MYERS IN ROBINSON CRUSOE NO. 8ANDPATHE REVIEWSAYS THE CANDIDATE"I have nothing to say againstray opponent," said the candidate,as he rose and cleared his throat,"only this: . He is a liar and thetruth isn't in him.r He may not bedishonest, but he thinks dishonestly.I don't wauft ta prejudice this audience against him at all, but he is ablackleg, a second-story man, a .burglar, a bootlegger and a bum. Now.of course, you mustn't think that Ihave anything against this man andI don't want to plant any false impressions in your mind, but I happen to know that he is a forger, ablackmailer, a receiver of bribes, awife-beater, an incendiary and astick-up man. All this, fyou maysay, is not to his credit. Well, perhaps not exactly to his credit, butdo not judge him too harshly bywhat I have said. You may havethought well of him, but I am in aposition to prove that he is a crook,a dope, a booze-fighter, an embezzler, a tax dodger and a gunman.He would carry his grandmother upnine flights of stairs and throw herput the window for a quarter of adollar. Outside of that he is probably all right, and having proved toyou vjthe solution of the great' problems, that confront us and pointingthe way to better things, bid youone and all, good night."WOULD SURPRISE THE OLDLADY, SURE!A farmer in the cotton belt had areputation for never wearing goodclothes. His wife was continuallyreproaching him for his negligenpe.With the maturing of his crop hejourneyed to the city with the "firstbale." The bale brought ten centsper pound more than he had expected and he decided to surprisethe "old lady."He went to a nearby furnishingstore and purchased a complete andshining new outfit. Instead of putting them on in the store he placedthem under the wagon seat and began the homeward journey.When about one mile from thefarm he stopped by a creek, steppedbehind a large clump of shrubberyand proceeded to take off hisclothes, at the same time throwingthem into the creek. They werecarried away by the current.Turning to his wagon, naked asAdam, he found that some one hadstolen the entire outfit, from shoesto hat."Giddap, Bill!" said he, jumpinginto the wagon. "We'll surprise tlmold lady, anyway!" ;PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save th'eregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble and6aves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) . (Incorporated)SALE DATE CLAIMEDSaturday, November 25, has beenclaimed by Circle No. 2 of thePresbyterian church as the date onwhich they will conduct a sale inthe office of the Paris Realty Company. The articles to be offered inthe sale will include handmade pillowslips, attractive aprons and other articles of a practical nature.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & ,CQ, INC.(29-tf .Opportunities . For ThriftGREATER VALUES FOR SATURDAY AND NEXT WEEKFALL FOOTWEARIncluding all the newest novelty styles at' a great saving onevety pair.Buy at Paris Greatest Shoe' ' . StoreSAVE THE DIFFERENCE ,fiJL ij -Special Sale Ladies' and Growing Girls Tan Lace Boots, lowand medium height rubber heels. Special at " -.S2.99Ladies' newest beaded Satin StrapSlippers a wonderful value.Special, $3,95 andS2.85Ladies' new Fall Patent and TanLace Oxfords.SpecialS3.45J v.SPECIAL! Ladies' Soft Kid Comfort Shoes, rubber heels.Special at 1$1.99Men's new Fall Footwear. Wesave you money on every pair.Newest Tan and Black leathers.fln firNow on s.ale at -$95, $3,45. . . .. Jj.jH)Men's Work and Scout Shoes. Tanfl ",, and Black. Special.. !b I -UUJBoys and Girls' School ShoesMisses' and Children's Tan LaceBoots. AIL sizes 8 up to 2.SpecialBoys' and Youths' Tan Shoes. Greatfor wear. Special$1.99$1.99POSNER BROS.v Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreDAN COHEN STAND 336 MAIN STREETr-3lKit'gemeration- ago. - "ZS, '" than sense. .sty1, - 'ir.&: ifcfVTIs-3 -