t".1 '--Vrtfcv!V 'rlwiM '5fcn--' ' .PUBL1SHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY iJS THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, F&IOAY, APRIL 21. 1922tTHEeee .eem. em 'n.'.tflBm -BemH eW ,.MIM -.b b eems tA4ir mlMijiMiW!'1 M'flJiiwWgSByinwililB1BUUKbUNm m - B B T" -7 . FTTWT "--PfcEC.nr miVISITING NURSE'S REPORT.At a recent meeting of the Bourbon, County Health and WelfareLeague, Mra Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse for the organization, submitted her seventh annual report.The document showed that the sumof $2,669.50 had been expended bythe organization during the pastyear. Of this sum $611.05 was furnished by the Bourbon Fiscal Court,and $600 came from private funds.The sum of $31.84 was expended ontuberculosis cases.The Metropolitan Life InsuranceCompany paid the League the sum of$315.84 for services rendered byMrs. Minaker, whose report showedthat she made during the year 727Visits to sick policy holders of theMetropolitan. Her visit to sick whowere not policy holders in the insurance company numbered 373, while1,539 visits were made for business,investigations,' etc.The report showed that of the patients under Mrs. Minaker's careduring the year there were sixdeaths from tuberculosis, two white-and four colored, and eleven deathsfrom other causes.The report was published in pamphlet form from THE NEWS jobrooms for the information of thegeneral public and th members ofthe Health and Welfare League.MUSIC CONTESTThe following selections are madefor the first meeting of the MusicMemory contest beginning this week.It is hoped that many will availthemselves of the opportunity tohear them with the object in viewof becoming so familiar with eachselection that when heard -again,they will be able to give the name ofthe composer. At the end of fiveweeks a review of all music will beplayed without program, and everybody will be invited to guess by ballot the name and composer of eachnumber. Judges will award prizesaccordingly. ' 4 "The following program with historical sketches, will be given at thefirst meeting:1 Blue Danube Waltz JohannStrauss.2 "Meditation" from "Thais"Jules Massnet.3 "Spring Song" Mendelssohn.4. Stars and Stripes Forever"John Philip Sousa.HARRY KERSLAKE,Chairman Community Service MusicCommittee.Thousands of people who had losthope of ever being well again havebeen restored to health and happiness by Tanlac. Roche's Drug Store.SPRINGOPENINGDISPLAY OFSTEIN-BLOGH AlMICHAELS-STERNREADY- TO 'WEARCLOTHESNew Stylesof outstanding distinction and merit.New Woolensof unrivaled excellence, in appearanceand quality.New Pricesthat conform to present ideas of economySport and ConservativeModels .Mitchell &Blakemoret."ttle Know fiourPARIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESThe golden Anniversary of ArborDay will be celebrated at the ParisHigh School to-morrow (Saturday)morning, April 22, at ten o'clock.The exercises will be in charge ofthe Senior Class in Economics. Prof.Wiest, of Kentucky University, willbe the principal speaker. The public is cordially invited to attend.Frankfort High School won theinterscholastic debating contestwith the Paris High School debatingteam in the P. H. S. auditoriumMonday night. Miss Gay Speakes,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George D.Speakes, defeated Miss Lucille Campbell, of Frankfort;' ordeclamatoryhonors. The Frankfort team whichtook the affirmative of the subject,"Resolved, That the Percentage of.Immigration in the Dillingham BillAsked by the Congress in 1929,Should Be Retained," was composedof Louis Quire, John Bull and LouisCarroll, while the members of theParis team were Elizabeth Stewart,Elizabeth Lilleston and Rene Clark.Miss Speakes' prize-winning orationwas "On The Beach." Miss Campbell's subject was "The Teacher, AHope of America." The judges wereProf. E. F. Farquhar, of the University of Kentucky, Prof. ClarenceFreeman, of Transylvania College,and Prof. W. B. Jones, of Georgetown College.Miss Ellen Blanding, Supervisorof Music in the Paris City Schools,will assist Miss Maude Lindsay,the noted writer of childrens' stories, in a program to be given inLouisville, on Friday, April 28.The occasion of Misses Lindsayand Bland ing's' program is the meeting of the International Kindergarten Union, which will be held in theSouth for the second time in thelong period since its organization.Noted educators wiil be in attendance during the week's meeting andwill address the teachers. Amongthese will, be Miss Patty Hill,Teachers' College, Columbia University, who was largely instrumentalin building up the splendid Kindergarten system in Louisville, her native city, and also has been an inspiration to all Kentucky Kindergartens.Monday morning, April 24, thestudents of the Paris City Schoolswill be given the opportunity to see"The Last of the Mohicans," at theGrand Opera House. The management of the Grand Opera House hasarranged, this special matinee for thebenefit of the children of the ParisPublic Schools. The admission tothis matinee will be twenty cents.Children -are requested to bring themoney with them Monday morningready for the show at ten o'clock.The management of the theatres inParis have co-operated with theschool this year in a splendid wayto have better pictures for the childdren of the city. Remember thedate, Monday, April 24.OPENING OF NEW CONFECTIONARY, ETC.BENEDETTI & CO. ANNOUNCETHE OPENING OP THEIR- NEWCONPECTIONERY AT NO. 503MAIN STREET, LATELYV VACATED BY MRS. CORNE BAIRD EARLY NEXT WEEK. WE HAVE REMODELED THE ROOM AND WILLHAVE A CHOICE STOCK OP CANDIES, PRUITS, CIGARS, TOBAC-I CO, ETC. iBENEDITTI & CO.BOURBON STUDENTS IN KENTUCK? UNIVERSITYClaiborne Lisle, son of Mr. andMrs. D. C. Lisle, of Paris, enteredthe Freshman Class of the Engineering College of the University ofKentucky at the beginning of thepresent school term, and has proved'already that he is fitted for such: work.I Mr. Lisle, who graduated 'fromi Paris" High School in the class of '21,jmade agood record in that institution. He was very active in all highi school activities, being a member ofthe football team in his senior year,and treasurer of the senior class. Hestood at. the top in grades made inhigh s'chool, especially mathematics,and it is hoped by all his friendsthat he will keep up his record incollege.Miss Miriam E. Galloway, of Paris,a graduate of the Paris High School,registered in the College of Arts andSciences at the University of Kentucky last September. She is thedaughter of Grant Galloway, ofParis. While in high school she wasa member of the Glee Club, and tookleading parts in plays for threeyears. Miss Galloway intends tomajor in English in the University.sOWHITE ROSE. PL0URASK YOUR GROCER PORWHITE ROSE PLOtTR. ONE SACKWILL CONVINCE YOU -IT IS THEBEST.R. F. COLLIER;LITTLE CBKJK PEEDTry our little chick feed.fj j jr. muior. tCOQK 'CO.'MATRIMONIALA Eecord of Dani Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go By'Marriage licenses were issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to C. BeverleyBroun, Charleston, West Va., andMiss Mary Clay, of Bourbon county,and Wm. E. Harp, of Paris, andMiss Essie A. Curtis, of Nicholascounty.BARLQW GAUNCEMiss Nettie Barlow and Mr.Irvine Gaunce, both of Nicholascounty, were married by CountyJudge George Batterton, in his private office, in the court house, returning to their home near Carlisleimmediately after the ceremony.HOWARD JONESEverett Jones, twenty, one, andMiss Annie Howard, eighteen, weremarried Wednesday by CountyJudge George Batterton in his privateoffice in the court house. Both areresidents of Bourbon county. Thebride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.John Howarfl, and the bridegroomis a son of Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Jones,of near Paris.PUNCH -WILLIAMSMrs. Frances Wagers Punch, ofLexington, and Mr. George A. Williams, of Harlan, were married inthis city at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Christian church.'After the wedding the the bridalcouple went to. Cincinnati, wherethey were entertained by the bride'suncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. A. D.Wagers. They are now at home inan attractive flat at Harlan.PURDOM GILLISPIEThe wedding of Miss BessiePurdom, of Nicholasville, and Mr.James Gillispie, of Wilmore, tookplace in this city, the ceremony being performed by Rev. C. H. Greer,pastor of the Methodist church.The bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Purdom, of Alvin,Texas, and had made her home inNicholasville for several years. She!had been a guest of 'her cousin,Mrs. Arthur Bourne, in Paris, forseveral days preceding the wedding.Mr. Gillispie is owner and managerof the Wilmore Bakery, where theyoung people will reside.THE BOURBON COUNTY PUBLICSCHOOL COMMENCEMENTWhat promises to be the most attractive Public School commencement ever held in Bourbon countywill be the one held in the HighSchool auditorium Wednesday mornmg, June 7. At tms time it ishoped to hatfe two hundred Bourbon- ..,,.. , . us-county boys and girls receive their 1county diplomas. Prof. HenryRhodes, of the University of ,Kentucky, will deliver the class address.Miss Blanding, of the Paris CitySchool will have charge of themusic.It is hoped that every school inBourbon county will be representedwith graduates at this commencement. All the teachers in thecounty" are urged to have their students take the County Diploma Examination""in May, and be ready 'forthis commencement. Parents areurged to co operate with the teachers in every school inthe couhty,and help to make Bourbon countythe leading school county in Kentucky. oBIG SAVING SHOWNAccording to information fromthe Paris office of the Burley Tobacco Marketing Ascociation, thecost of handling the 8,113,870pounds of tobacco which passedthrough the local tobacco warehouse floors this-season was 17.26cents per hundred pounds. x Thiswas a saving in this county of $50,907.42 over the old methods of marketing when a charge of eightycents per hundred was made.The members of the Association inthis county' are greatly pleased 'withthe economical management of thethe business of the Association.The present outlook tends toward amuch larger crop for the comingyear than that'of the past year.oLIGHTNING HRES BARNLightning struck a barn on thefarm of Lee Houston, on the Jacksonville pike, near Paris, setting iton fire. In the blaze the barn, aboutfifty tons of hay and a large lot offarming implements were destroyed.The farm is occupied by LeslieCourtney.Fare, Wimd asd Liftaaf bartact. ;THOMAS, WOODSOW Jb HtYArlBASE BALLCapt. Arthur Hancock's rejuvenated Paris Pirates made good theirboast of taking. the North Middle-ZtSh JCwi "? SCalp'iand at present located in San Franwhich they did Wednesday in a one-1 cigco as prei ht A fQr themea game, xne score ssooa lb to4 when the Pirates auit sluesrinfi:and' scoring. The individual members of the Priates played like oldveterans, and' their' teamwork wasbetter than one could expect from ayouthful organization- Capt. Hancock and his Pirates are comingstrong in the base ball world.The Paris High School team Was-defeated by the Lexington ModelHigh School on the Paris groundsWednesday afternoon by a score of14 to 5. The Lexington team outplayed the locals at all points andscored in every inning but the fourthand eighth. Paris got six hits offof Edward's devery.The Church League has securedthe old Blue, Grass League ball parkin White addition, now owned byJames Daugherty, on which theirgames wilL be staged this season. Aforce of men was put to work yesterday with tractor, scrapers and rollers, putting the grounds in condition for the opener on May 2. Anew grandstand and bleachers willbe built. It is expected the groundswill be in good shape in about ajfriends and former business 'associ-week. Opening day will be featuredby a parade of the four teams inuniform, headed by the Y. M. C. A.Band. The uniforms were receivedand distributed to the players lastnight. The Church League anticipates a big season on- the diamondthis year, with the new groundsaffording better accommodations fora larger attendance.All teams in the new Blue GrassLeague will start hitting on all sixon Sunday, April 23. Paris' firstgame will be with Lexington atLexington. "Red" Roberts, of Centre College football fame, will officiate as umpire, it was stated yesterday. Sunday's games will be as follows: Maysville at Winchester,Paris at Lexington, Cynthiana atMt. Sterling. The first at home gamefor Paris will be with Mt: Sterlingon Thursday, April 27.The Paris High School team willplay the Carlisle High School teamat Jackson's Park, in Carlisle, tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.THE BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirfirst shoot of the season Wednesdayafternoon at their new club grcnindsin East Paris, on the Dan Isgriggfarm. All the boys had many nicethings to say about the new clubhouse, flag pole, etc., in fact severalsaid they did not know of nicergrounds any place. The afternoonwas bright, but the wind did blow,and some of the targets are stillwinging. However, all the boys enjoyed the afternoon's sport and theanxious for the next shoot. Thetiophy donated by Cahal's barbershop, $10.00 in trade, was won byRichard Jons, who lives on the Isgrig farm. Next shoot will be May3. Here's hoping the windwill notbo so angry that afternoon. Visitors "always welcome, :Shot At BrokeHTM. Roseberry .. ..100Amos Turney 100Alfred Clay 100Fred Burgin ' 100J. C. Kenney 100A.-B. Perkins . . . . -. .100N. F. Brent 75Richard Jones 75J. L. Dodge 75J. M. Caldwell . , . . . 75Wm. Ardery . . . . ."7 75J. Q. Ward . . . T . . . . 50W. S. Haggard 50Walter Kenney 50J. R. Pendleton . . . . 50Roxie Davis 50E. W. Glass 50Matt Lair 25 tSam Hardin .. .x. .": 25S682808079696462575748453433292719 .1510RUDOLPH DAVIS, Secretary.SEED CORNWE HAVE SEVERAL DESIRABLE VARIETIES ' CF HIGHESTQUALITY. PRICE REASONABLE.BRENT & COMPANY, Inc.s(apr21-5t)FUGITIVE APPREHENDEDCarl Claik, colored, wanted by thepolice of Paris, on a charge of shooting and wounding another coloredman-named Station Shawhan. in thethis city, some time ago, was arrested in Winchester by PatrolmanDykes, and brought to the Paris jail.Clark was also wanted on the chargeof carrying concealed weapons, andfor firing 'his pistol in an attemptto intimidate Patrolman Geo. Judy,following a raid on a crap game afew weeks ago.The Phiiadelnhia man who waaawarded Jfio.ooo for the loee of -a1jfootitobably-enfita centipedePORMEE PARISIAN REVISITS OLDSCENESv Mr. Johnmember ofville's lecalD. Feeney, formerly athe Louisville & Nashforce, as ticket agentand chief clerk in the freight office,Western Pacific Railroad Company,accompanied by Mrs. Feeney, is visiting friends in Kentucky, Mr.Feeney's itinerary included Paris,where he has a large circle of warmfriends.Mr. Feeney is a son of the lateCapt. John D. Feeney, for manyyears a member of the Lexington police lorce, and a number of yearsSanitary Inspector at Lexington. Af-ter leaving Paris, Mr. Feeney wentto Lexington, where he took a position in the L. & N. service with hisuncle, Frank B. Carr, who was fora long time general agent in Paris.Mr. Feeney has been on the Pacificcoast forthe past ten years, and inthat time his advancement has. beenvery rapid, until he now holds one-of the largest and-most responsiblerailroad jobs in the California metropolis, with a -for'ce of more thanone hundied working under him inthe freight office where he is chief.This is the first visit Mr.. Feeaeyhas made to his old stamping groundin many years and he is being giventne "glad hand" bv all his 'oldates. Mr. and Mrs. Feeney expectto remain in Kentucky for a month,and will visit relatives and friendsin Paris, Richmond, Stanford, Lexington and other points.SUITS AT $25vPlenty of good styles in tweeds,as well as darker patterns.J. W. DAVIS & CO.AUT0ISTS' NARROW ESCAPEWhile driving a machine n routehome, from Paris to Winchester, twobrothers named Rowland, druggistsof Irvine, had a narrow escape whentheir machine left the road near abridge spanning Strode's Creek atThatcher's Mill. The machine turned over and landed in the creek, ashort distance below. The machinewas slightly damaged, but the occupants escaped injury.oGet rid of that indigestion"; stom-n p.Ti trnnW f nnrl ti nT-wmi en apc Vtii i iup your system and regain that-lostweight. Take Tanlac. Roche's DrugStore. (adv)FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSX.-v- .-SpecialAfter .Easter .Reductionson ourEntireftLineofSuits-'Artfir- -i- tiCoatsandWrapsi.&FRANK&CO.;LADIES' OUTFITTERS'f - -V. I?CWEVTY ROAD C0MMI86I0X'SELLS ROAD B0HDSSealed bids for the purchase oC?ItM),&0 worth of county rod boMswere opened yesterday by the CoumtyRoadi Commissioners, in their oMcm.Th successful bidder was tmFifth-Third National Bank, of Cimcinnatf, whose bid was $102,570.09,The Farmers & Traders Bank, stParis, was the second highet Wider,, with a bid of $102,450.00. Thfollowing is a list of the bidders aiMltheir bids, as furnished from tkoffice of County Road CommissionerCatesby Spears:Fifth-Third NationalBank,cinnati, $102,570.00.Farmers & Traders Bank,$102,450.00.ParleySecurity Trust Co., Lexingtoi,$102,126.00. ,Otis-& "Co., Cincinnati, $101,530.00. Weil, Roth & Co., Cincinnati,$101,375.00.Block, Fetter & Co., Louisville "$101,002.50.The Tillotson & Wollcott Co.,,. .Cincinnati, $100750.00.James C. Willson & Co., Louia- -.ville, $100,547.50. "NEWS OF THE COURTSIn County Court, Wednesday,Bernard . Hammons was arraignedbefore Judge Batterton on a chargeof cutting and wounding JosephsWills with intent to kill, and wasacquitted. Wills was fined $20 andcosts, while Everette English, alleged accessoiy, was fined- $10 andcosts.Hammons and Wills became Involved in a dispute in the Walterspoolroom, on Main street, which resulted in a running fight down Mainstreet and. back to the poolroom.During the scuffle an automatic revolver was dropped on the streetby someone. Chief of Police Linksecured the gun. In the fight Willswas cut on the arm, the musclesbeing severed, causing an injurywhich physicians say may ca'use himto be permanently crippled.CR0MBIE HOME AT PUBLIC SALEAPRIL 21Harris, Speakes & Harris offer abargain, a handsome home, the -residenceof Robert Crombie, on Secondstreet at public sale Friday after-f??' al lBe sure to attend. Read ad in THE NEWS.(18-2t)$,4141.359riv"4P'-VI !HPJmI?I1riMhtri9-i i.ttt ..!r 4i; h1 Mi t;v -rhMLrV&-4 ir-s-.SjW"c-vV -"' 2r?.yk- - i-- -L r- -r.f- f?-i-Itf- r -iti-uf-9PACE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS18f-' 41 Years of Continuous PublicationNiJished Every Tuesday and FridayPar Tear $2.006 Months $1.00v Payable Cash in Advance.JWUT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Altered -at the Paris, Kentucky,Ptttoffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.). 0U rOREIGN EEPEESENTATIVES. lew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perImch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line-each issue; reading notices in blacktype 20 cents per line, each, issue.Cards of thanks, alls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andeimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officeslust invariably be accompanied by.the cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of,ahy person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will beftfadly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSIt used to be said that a woman's"understandings were not to be disccussed, even in private, but theshort skirts of this period reveaHthey were quite evidently, made to.be seen.Fashion notes say that bathing-suits this year are to be withoutbacks. Well, that's the only placethey could trim anything off of themif they are going to wear bathing"-suits at all.Fisher's conception of the incom--parably beautiful American girl is ayoung woman lying in bed smokinga cigarette. Beautiful, maybe, but-she doesn't look as if she would getup forNbrea&fast, to say nothing of-getting up to cook breakfast.Of course there ought to be more-attention to business in summer, andless time devoted to baseball, butin justice to the great Americangame it may be said that makingmoney is not as satisfying as seeing"fcke home team win. Respectfullysubmitted for the approval of Paris- husiness men and "fans."'Talk about ' 'exclusive clubs!"" "Why, we heard a few days ago ofsuch an such an organization existing in Paris. According to the informant this organization is composed of society women. They playbridge and other things. The proceedings are opened with prayer,followed by serving of something"lhat may be tea, and maybe not.In fact, the wise ones in the Tmowisay the liquid looks, smells and-tastes exactly like our old-time-friends, Manhattan and Martini'Cocktails. Cigarettes are also alleg--edto be on the serving list. The deYOtees meet in an exclusive way,5 play exclusively, gossip exclusively,' get mad frequently, and, in fact, iniany ways, are really human be.4ngs,de6pite the society tinsel and-.glitter that forms the 'outer frescoUng of this exclusive club.XEHTTJCKY MAY BEIN DEALStates to the north and south of"Kentucky will have to seek someToute for travel to the North andrSouth other than- through Kentucky-if reports received in Nashville andcities to the south regarding the.-roadsin this State are true, P. N.Whiter, of Nashville, president of theTennessee Good Roads Association,told the Louisville "AutomobileOlub. He said that reports receiv-d there were that the roads ofIKeitucky "before another winterrwili"be impassable."-He said it would cost in the. itighborhpod of ?100,000 to buildXtntucky's 4,000 miles of primaryroftd system and that no county or-- Stat had ever succeeded in "buildingj, klghway system from annual taxreceipts."-"Kentucky's geographic positionand contour make it a great obstruction to. North and South traffic," hesai, ".unless some steps are takenr .to put its roads into passable conditiOAS."If the route- from Nashville to. Liiierille , is closed,, and there ap-ycars to no present prospects of itsJ,freTcient, it will be necessarythat TMmeesee and the StatM southyt it ek some other outjet to themnm. ana mat tne states north seekopposition ;to btjeley mae--'KETTLAir EXPLAINED ."If tobacco growers will keep inmind the fact that those who areasking them not to join the BurleyTobacco Growers' Co-operative Association are persons who expect tomake money off the grower, we shallhave no tiouble in making our organization 100 per cent strong,"said President James C Stone, of theBurley Association, in response toan inquiry us to propaganda beingcirculated quietly by mail among tobacco growers of the district"These men have lived, just as therest of us. who we're in the warehouse business used to live," saidMr. Stone-, "off the business broughtto us by the grower. They arehardly to be blamed for desiring tocontinue to live off the work of thegrowers, but it is only fair to thegrower that he should understandexactly what is involved in his staying out of the Association."There can be little doubt thatthe formation of the Burley Association was a factor in the better prices paid this year on the inde'pendenttmarkets This fact is generally recognized now even by those who, remaining out of the association, profited by its organization"Supply and demand, indeed, doregulate tobacco prices, or- wouldregulate prices but for the system ofevery farmer competing with everyother farmer. In case of the production of a surplus or tobacco thisyear, under the old system of marketing, the surplus, which would bethrown on the market, of course,with the actual needs of the manufacturers, would break the price ofevery pound of tobacco sold, and under the old system there is no wayof preventing this. Under the coopreative marketing system, on theother hand, the manufacturers areoffered only what they need and atthe time they need it. There is noexpense of auctioneers, in fact, it ismy belief that the selling expensewill be cut in half by the new system, if not more. Of course, the tobacco grower pays this expense. Itis taken out of his crop, when hesells it. If he does not rush hiscrop to market, but delivers it tothe Burley Tobacco Growers' Association to be sold for him, does notpay these warehouse charges. Hepays nothing except the expense ofconducting the association, and that,in my opinion, will be very muchless than the expense of 'conductingwarehouses under the old system, inwhich the profits of the warehousebusiness went into the pockets of thewarehousemen."I have no fear that the growers,once they understand the facts inthis matter, will fail to take advantage of this opportunity to freethemselves from the shackles of amarketing system that has demonstrated that it can "set aside the lawof supply and demand, as it did lastyear. Tobacco interests of Lexington and Central Kentucky, at considerable expense, made a carefulsurvey of the situation in the winter of930, a few weeks before themarket opened. We proved, not onlyto our own satisfaction, but thesatisfaction of government experts,that the crop of 1920 was considerably highei than -that of 1919, whichaveraged 38 cents- a pound. Inthe face of this fact, and in the faceof the further fact that the demandfor tobacco products passed "all previous records, the crop was literallytaken from the growers at pricesbut little more than a.third of thoseof the previous year."If the tobacco growers will heedthe advice of those who are interested in their welfare, those whoseprosperity depends upon the prosperity of the tobacco growers thebankers, the merchants, the lawyers,the doctors, "the preachers of theircommunities, we haven't a doubtthey will come with us in the Burley Association. If they are honestly in doubt as Jto what theyshould do in regardtb joining orstaying out of the -association, weurge them to ask of their neighborswho have delivered their crops tothe association as to; their experi-LEFT 0UTlence ana-as t0 whether they are sat-lsneci wicn results."It is my firm conviction 'that thenew system of selling tobacco hasjcome to stay, that the growers willnever go back to the old way of"dumping,' . every man for himselfand every grower -in competitionwith every other one, selling theircrops without regard of the manufacturer or the cost of producingthe crop. In the words of the funnypage in the papers: 'Them days aregone forever, I am convinced."Under the system of marketingtobacco co-operatively, the growerJ-receives "Svery cent his crop brings,atter the expense of operating hisown association is paid. No profit ismade off him by any member orofficer of his association, not onlyis that true, but if any officer ofthis association, or any employee,attempts to profit by dealing in certificates issued to growers, he immediately loses his- position withthis association."Before growers allow themselvesto be influenced by propaganda ofinteests seeking to exploit them toprofit from" their work, they shouldstudy the situation, ask their neighbors in the association .and' consulttheir banker and their merchants asto the wisdom of coming in or staying out. We are 'perfectly willingto abide by the result" of such inquiry." -THE BOURBONNEWSr gABIS, JJBNTOCMRS. BLLXULLINSSrBeauty and HealthGo Hand in HandHere is Sound Advice for All WomenCovington, Ky. "For a long time Isuffered severely every month with headache and pains in my back and limbs.Then I began using Dr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription and I can testify that ifc-gave me much relief and that it-has beenthe same great benefit to my daughter forsimilar trouble. All women who sufferwith 'trouble of a feminine charactershould try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription." Mrs. Ella Mullins, 2037Center St.Start on the road to Health and Beauty by obtaining this "Prescription" of Dr.Pierce's from your neighborhood druggist, in tablets or liquid. Write Dr. Pierce,president Invalids' Hotel in Buffalo,N. Y., for-free medical advice.WORK ON DIXIE HIGHWAY PROGRESSING SLOWLYConctruction work" on the ..severaluncompleted sections of the DixieHighway between Berea and" Jellico,was resumed the first of this week.The project of nine miles betweenLondon and Oakley, will be completed this summer, as will thebridges across Rockcastle River atthe mouth of Parker's Creek. Rockcastle and Whitley counties also expect to close their unfinished gapsbefore the close of the autumn.FOR SALEBrown horse, 8-years- old; goodworker, double or single; good size.Also wagon in first-class condition.ED. HERRIN,18-2t, "203 Main Street.FOR RENTFive-room cottage on Virginia avenue; gas and electric lights. Immediate possession. Apply to(aprl8-3t) KANE BROS.DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICALWe Buy and SellAll kinds of household goods.Special price on a 4-piece BedRoom set a beauty. Come and see it.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf) .Cumb. Phone 402.Sheriff's Sale !BOURBON CttcCUIT COURTAlice Wilson .. - PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.L. G. McCuddy DefendantBy virtue of Execution No. 1390,directed to me, which issued fromthe Clerk's office of the BourbonCircuit Court, in favor of v AliceWilson against L. G. McCuddy, Iwin 0n rthe29TH DAY OF APRIL, 1922,about the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.,on the public square and oppositethe Southern entrance to the CourtHouse in Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, expose to public sale, tothe highest bidder, the followingdescribed property, for the purposeof satisfying plaintiff's debt inteiest and costs, amounting to $199.96on day of said sale, to-wit:'1 Overland 4 five-passenger Touring Car, Model 1920, Motor. No.66402, registration No. 10355.levied upon as the -property of L. G.McCuddySaid sale will be made uponcredit. of three months, and thepurchaser or purchasers will be required to execute bond, payablettothe undersigned and to be approvedby the undersigned, for the purchaseprice of said automobile.Witness my hand this "10 th day ofApril, 1922. 'M. PEALE COLLIER,Sheriff of BouThonCounty.8c fy&ifr SnB'r Jtili.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTPrentice Lancasterand vOthers . . .. T'TPlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale "Charles Lancaster, ,an Infant Under FourteenYears of Age, Etc DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment andorder of sale rendered atthe March term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, will" onMONDAY, MAY THE 1ST, 1922,at the front door of the court house,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of eleven o'clock, a. m., sell atpublic outcry to the highest andbest bidder the following-describedproperty:TRACT 1.A certain house and lot of groundsituated on the north side of the oldGeorgetown pike, (now Seventhstreet) in Paris, Ky., between thecolored Christian Church on theWest side and the lot of Mike Dowdon the East, fronting 30 feet, moreor less, on said pike and runningback a uniform width 120 feet tothe lot of D. C. Parrish in the rear,conveyed to C. J. Lancaster by Allie Sidner and others by deed ofdate September 20, 1890, and recorded in the Bourbon CountyClerk's office in Deed Book 72, -page25.TRACT 2That certain house and lot located on Singers Alley, in Paris,Bourbon County, Ky., and describedas follows:A certain house and lot fronting18 feet on" the west side of SingersAlley and extending back ina western direction' toward Walker Avenue a distance of 112 feet, more orless, and bearing house No. 765 onSingers Alley, and being a part ofthe same property conveyed to C. J.Lancaster by the executors of. Jeptha Lancaster by deed of date June19, 1911, which deed is of record inthe Bourbon County Clerk's office,in Deed Book 98, page. 51.Also that certain house and lot onthe west side of Singers Alley inParis, Bourbon County, Ky., andbounded as follows:A certain lot fronting 23 feet onthe west side of Singers Alley andextending back in a western direction toward Walker Avenue a distance of 112 feet, more or less, andbearing house No. 767 on SingersAlley, and being a part of thesameproperty conveyed to C. J. Lancaster by the executors of Jeptha Lancaster by deed of date June 19, 1911,which, deed is of record in the Bourbon County Clerk's office, in DeedBook 98, page 51.TRACT 3.40 feet fronting off the west sideof that certain lot in the City ofParis-, Ky., with the appurtenancesthereunto belonging, fronting 80feet, more or less, on Short streetand extending back between parallellines 110 feet more or less to the line-of the lot conveyed to Geo. W. Samand James Anderson, recorded inDeed Book 79, page 30, BourbonCounty Clerk's office, and is a part oflot No. 12, of McGinfy's Additionto" the City of Paris. Said lot Ndl12 was conveyed to Samuels andAnderson by J. M. Daniel and wifeby deed of 'record in the- BourbonCounty Clerk's office in Deed Book67, page 531, and being a part ofthe same property conveyed to C. J.Lancaster by the executors of Jeptha Lancaster b deed of date June19, 1911, which deed is oTrecord inthe Bourbon County Clerk's office inDeed Book 98, page 51.TRACT 4.A certain lot fronting 33 "feet 4inches, more or less, on the eastside of Sycamore Street and extending back between parallel lines64 feet, more or less, to the middleof an alley, and being a part of thesame property conveyed to C. J.Lancaster by Margaret Lancaster,by deed of date June 19, 1913, whichdeed is of record in the BounbonCounty Clerk's office, in Deed Book100, page 54.Also that certain lot fronting 32feet on Brandt's Alley, (now knownas Judy's Alley) and extending backbetween parallel lines 33 feet 4inches to the line of Rochets heirs,and being, a part of the same property conveyed to C. J. Lancaster byMargaret Lancaster, by deed of dateJune 19, 1913, which deed is of record in the Bourbon County Clerksoffice in Deed Book 100, page 54.TRACT 5.Two houses and lots in Ruckerville, Bourbon County, Ky,and designated as lot No. 34 on the plat ofRuckerville, filed in the action of C.V. Higgins' Exor., etc., versus H. M.Rucker, Bourbon Circuit Court,aLfrnrttim? on npntrai Avonna kaand running back 135 feet and isthe same property conveyed to R.B. Hutchcraft by Levi Bedingerbydeed of date November 15, 1909, ofrecord in the Bourbon CountyClerk's office in Deed Book 96, page10 4 conveyed to C. J. Lancaster byH.-T3. Hutchcraft's Trustee in Bankruptcy by deedof date June 9, 1915,in Deed Book 102, page 36.v -TRACT I.MAOTSSAtE-eiteenth "Strt inT Paxp& Kjv beginning at a point inlhe soutk marginof the sidewalk, thence in -a southerly direction 50 feet, more or less,to Miller & Lilleston line (nowMattox); thence in a westerly direction 50 feet, more or less, to theSoutli margin of the sidewalkrthence in an easterly direction alongwith said sidewalk 50 feet, more orless, to the beginning, and beingthe same property conveyed to firstparty by Edward" Stump, etc., -bydeed of record in the office of theBourbon Countq. Clerk, in Deed Book106, page 530, to which reference ismade.Said sale will be made uponcredits of six and twelve months,the -purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase moneyeach due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively andbearing interest at the rate of six. i -per cent. (.bj per annum iromdate of sale until paid.The share of the infant defendants, Charles and Norma KatherineLancaster, being a one-eighth undivided interest each, shall remain alien on the property sold until saidinfants arrive at the age of-twenty-oneyears, or -until iheir guardianshall have executed bond as provided by law..Said sale is made for thej?urposeof a division of the estate of CharlesLancaster, deceased, among theheirs. ,O. T. HINTONMaster Commissioner B. C. C.(aprl4-21-28)Early Vegetable Plants ForSaleCauliflower; Cabbage; Tomatoes;Pondarosa; Stone; Early A.nna;Chalk's Jewel; Tenton andAcme; Pepper Plants, hot andsweet; Scarlet Sage; Aster Plants.All plants in season cheaper thanyou can raise them yourself. Theseplants not on sale elsewhere. Buyyour plants fresh from the bed andsuccess is assured. One and one-halfblocks from car line.JOS. LAVIN,332 West Eighth St.(ll-6t)PUBLIC SALEOF - '"SECOND STREET BUNGALOWFriday, April 21st; at 2 P. M.Having purchased a farm with the intention of moving to same inthe next ten days, I will offer at public sale- the following real estate,located on west side (shady side) of Second street:House of six large rooms, sunparlor, hall, bath complete, front andback porch, the latter screened, gas in each room, illuminated throughout with a beautiful line of electrical fixtures; one splendid dry cellar,also a laundry connected with gas and water vThe entire house is screened with Higgins' copper wire screens; isnewly papered and painted inside.Foundation is of native stone. Large lot, chicken yard and garden.Also a splendid garage.Anyome in the market for a home of this character, apply to the"undersigned, who will take reat pleasure in showing samev.Terms easy, and made known on day of sale. .HARRIS, SPEAKES & KARRIS,- or ROBERT CROMBEEL Ownerr(18-24) -THE notable quality of our professional efforts is theirdignified character.Our unfailing politeness is at all timesfavorably commentedupon. Our servicesare faithfully performed."So-Duljzj" M A 1 'J ft V I.FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1113mmm fi ggggggyvH.N:H0RWE-aFurniture Finishing, Palatini,Decorating, Graining, House' anSign Painting, Interior and Exterior.Call Home Phone 475.(7mar-to-apr28)FOR RENTLarge front room, nicely furnished. Suitable for two gentlemen.MRS. HARRY LYONS,(4-tf) No. 918 Main StreetEGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O. CROMBIE.FIRST CLASS COALWe are selling the best grade ofBlock Coal for $6.50 per ton at theyards, and 7.00 per ton for citydelivery. Why pay more? Everyload guaranteed.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO. "Cumberland Phone 711, Home 510.(jan27-tf-T)Administrator's NoticeAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Washington January,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesIndebted to the estate of the saidWashington January, deceased, arehereby notified to call upon the undersigned Administrator, and makefull and complete settlement ofsuch indebtedness.AYELETTE BUCKNER,Adm'r of Washington January.(apr7-3wks)tf-:. Vjkjmbt., rjKejiQuin.7 ,,(aprll-2125) - rhw new uiiln inert ucrae?nffC9L i Jf'V'f7et. i? '-sft-v. si. Crvtt't - -. k. r -seef-J'Z3SIBJB2&2XXJiFRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1922Tmrm m im ' iii i iw.'"'"" ' 'v''- TTFTTR TfITlIK15WS " padtc v'miifTiriir '--'.-- -. - --''- ;&"-. .; .&:. - irim mm mmm- --' r3it- - f ' -MBBBMMHBBHB I II I II II I .MM JM "fM . i -:--.SAe Discovered It, Too"After 10 year of hit or miss baking withvarious other brands of powder I at last-discovered that the bitter taste sometimes found in hot breads was caused fromalum in cheaper grades of powder. So 1am now an ardent booster for RoyalBaking Powder." m.. i a i"" fmROYAL&&"WBAKING POWDERAbsolutely Pure :Contains No AlumLeaves No Bitter TasteSend for New Royal Cook Book It's FREERoyal Baking Powder Co., 130 William St., New YorkAdvises Folding your was,savings stampsOwners of the 1918 issue of WarSavings Stamps are" being advised'by Postmaster Payne to hold themuntil their maturity oh January 1,1923pabout 8 months hence". t Inthat period they will earn over 13interest per annum on the averagecost price, it was pointed out.To give some idea of the advantage of holding these 1918 stampsuntil their maturity date, Postmas-.ter Payne stated that $1,000 worthof stamps, costing $836 in 1918,. areworth $92-6 during the. currentmonth, but in 8 months will be redeemed in cash by the governmentfor $1,000, of $74 more than theirpresent cash value.In order to finance the redemptionof these stamps the Treasury De-Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES' (Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Ringworm,Tetter or other itching ekin diseases. . Try thiatreatment at our daleVAEDEN & SON,Puis, Ky.partment is issuing a series ofTreasury Savings Certificates in denominations $1,000 $100 and $25,costing $800,80 and' $20 each7 respectively. These certificates runfor five years and pay 4 yz interest compounded semi-annuallyy and,are ff&Q from all State, county andcity taxes, and Postmaster Paynestates that he can supply any desir-.ed quantity of these certificates.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis afine linen bond paper and absolutely llntless.THE BOURBON NEWS,RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can . beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Ac tive Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium. .Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.ELECTRICAL WORKAnything in the electrical line to do, large or small job?Well, thenp call 500 over the Cumberland Phone and youcan get it done by experienced men who do nothing butthis line of work. We do all kinds of house and motorwiring at the best prices, and it is guaranteed to pass fireunderwriters' inspection.Complete line of lighting fixtures, appliances, lampsand wiring supplies. We also carry in stock' " WIRELESS SETS. -which get music from Pittsburg, New York, Cincinnati andother places. We carry all parts for these, too. Come inlook them over.Blue Grass Electric Co.425 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYPERSONALSCrutcher Chism, of Masoncounty, is a guest- of Elgin Storey,on Main street.H.. C. Parvin, who has been seriously ill at his home near Austerlitz, is improving slowly.Mrs. William Myall is visitingher daughter, Mrs. Irvine Keller,and Mr. Keller, .in Chicago.Dr. and Mrs. Robert Shea wererecent visitors to Mr. and Mrs. 0. F.Fitzgerald, in Winchester.Mrs. Henry Fuhrman returnedyesterday from Wauchaula, Florida,where sjie spent the winter.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford;Sr returned Tuesday from a winter's stay in Naples, Florida.Mrs. C. M. Peterson arid babe,of Louisville, are guests of Mr. andMrs. A. T. Bratton, in .this city.Mr. and Mrs. Robt. P. Walshand children have returned from avisit to relatives and friends in Mt.Sterling.Mrs. Nutter Wood, of Mississippi, is a guest this week- of herparents, Mr. and "Mrs. Frank Buchanan, near Hutchison.Mrs. Walter Sharp and Mrs. W.S. Lindsay have returned to theirhomes in Sharpsburg, after a visittoHave Regained AllMy Old Time StrengthAnd 20 Pounds InWeight by TakingTANLACtays Mrs. A. M. Blalock, 4912 CarnegieWay, Fairfield, Ala.if you are weak, rundown and underweight, get Taniac today. Jt helps you digest yourfood; builds up your strengthand reserve power. Askyour neighbor. For sale atall good druggistsKEEP IN' TOUCH WITH THE GAS-MANLt1801 Carelessness and . thoughtlessnessMrs. Thomas B. Link has re-i- ,rtfl ' . - J.6 i-uici causes uj. gas wastage.ItParis Baking Co.Fresh Bread, Rolls, CakesPies, Etc., Made DailyAlways the Leaders in PricesStaple and Fancy GroceriesGreen Goods, Fruits, Etc.You can save your rent if you pur-chate regularly ji our store. We noonly deliver FREE, but our prices are, always the lowest.PARIS BAKING CO.turned to Paris, from DatohaBeach, Fla., where she has spentwinter with her mother, Mrs. MaryJ. Hoffman.Mr, and Mrs, W, S. Hughes, ofParis, will move this week to Shawhan, where Mr.v Hughes will takecharge of the store he recently purchased there. 'Mrs. William ReeciUs and littledaughter, Cherryl, and Mit'S. Ed. Karinger and son, of -.Lduisviliei areguets at the home "of J; A-. g3per onFifteenth street.Misses, Nell "Winn Hinton andNell Clay have returned to theirstudies at Science Hill College, inShelbyville, after a visit to theirparents in this city.Mrs. Anna Chappell has returnfrom Cincinnati, where she was aguest of her son, Ch'as. Chappell,traveling salesman for the Burroughs Adding Machine Co.The two-year-old daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Horace Sprake is veryill with pneumonia. She is underthe care of Miss Lucille Sprake, professional nurse of Louisville.Prof, and Mrs. W. L. Dawsonand son, William Dawson, have returned to Lagrange, Ky., after avisit to Mrs. Dawson's sister, Mrs.Cannie Stout, and other relatives inParis.Mrs. Ed Turner has returnedfrom a three-weeks' sojourn at Martinsville, Indiana. Mrs. Turnerhad as guests recently her cousins,Mr.' and Mrs. Wm. Murray,, of Aurora, Illinois.Mrs. Harris Hancock and children, Mrs. Thomas and children,, andMrs. Resor, guests of Mr. and Mrs.A. B. Hancock, . at their home onPleasant street, have returned totheir homes in Cincinnati.Mrs. Albert Baker, who hasbeen a student at the Massie Memorial Hospital for some time, hasbeen removed to her home" on Eighth'street. Mrs. Baker is recuperatingfrom a severe attack of pneumonia.The Bourbon Dancing Club willgive their initial dance at the Masonic Temple, in this city, to-night,under chaperonage. Admission willbe only by invitation "presented atthe door. The hours will be fromnine to three.Lawrence Soper and ChesterYoung both of Bourbon county,students in the mechanical andf electrical engineering department of the.University-of Kentucky, at Lexington, have recently returned from atour of inspection to the leadingmanufactories of Chicago. Both aremembers of the Senior Class at theUniversity, and will next, year engage in their 'chosen profession.At the meeting of the NothMiddletown Woman's Club, Fridayafternoon, the program will be given under auspices of the Departmentof Music, with Miss Myrtle Kesheimer, of the College of Music, Lexington, presiding. Miss Kersheimerwill render the following program:Sonata in G- Minor, lsj; Movement;"A. D. 19,20," from Sea' Pieces-; -'ToA Wild Rose," from WoodlandSketches; Poldnnaise; Minuet in OldStyle; Two Tone Poems, The Shepherd Boy and The' Night Song;Bride At Dawn; Prelude Arabesquej,The Country Dance; Cradle Song;Concert Etude.(Other 'Personals nn Page 5)Hundreds of thousands of dollarscould be saved yearly by householdcommanders if they would only keepin touch with the gas man.He will tell them not to use giantburners when the small burnerserves the same "purpose; notto heata. full kettle of water when "a quartwill do; not to permit the gas flameto overlap the sides of a cookinguteh'sii not to keep the gas on fullafter a pot starts to boil; not to havea long, yellow, smoky flame, but asmall blue one to the burner; not touse a broken gas mantle; not topermit burners to become dirty, butto wash themin boiling water -andsoda at least once a month, and todry them-before using; and to plancooking so that one burner-or oneoven cooks morethan one article offood at the same time.Many of the knots of householdproblems would cease to be by keeping in touch with the gas man,Capital .. S15MM.SSurplus and Profits .- 122.5H.HStockholdtrs' Liabilities..' 15S.SH.HProtection to Depositors..... $422;5f.HEstablished 1851'Peoples Deposit Bank":.; i trust -Co. iParis, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, PresidentGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres.ROBT. METEER. Vice.Pres.C. X. THOMAS, Vice-Pres.-CashierGEO. L. DOYLE, Assiseant Casbisci?Five-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station messages iiFIVJE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or leas.USE HOME LONG DISTANCEParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedsxWhen you feel tSsAnervous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTTSNERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills EfcJJgWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Prop derlnd, O.For: Sale By0BERD0BEER, THE DRUGGISTShoes RepairedWhile You WattQuick srvice; thorough workmanship best materialsused; first class workmen; modern machinery mean,satisfied customers. We repair shoes while you waitno delay.(tf)CLYDE TYREENext Door to Oberdorftr's Drug StortTtf- --ioL3-MJ!w.ICEoNew Spring Colorsar produced upon your last- year's garments bySwiss Dyeing'-which produces a most pleasingeffectantiful Pastel ,tjfcdf lavenders, Blues, Greens, 'etc;, are produced In most brilliant;, tones.Cost && moderate.SWISSjmCoJStf'u zztBBBBHBBHMGi- 'r-mThe White Frotthaiexclusive features ofbeauty, sanitation,economy, convenienceand durability;THE REFRIGERATOR THAT SELLS ITSELFHave You. Seen The "New White FrostRefrigerator?IT IS now being displayed in ourwindow and is attracting a greatdeal of attention.' And no wonder! for the WhiteFrost just glistens wit& its whiteenamel, its bright nickel trimmings,its cleanliness and freshness.Those who have seen the WhiteFrost do not even try to compare itwith the old type of ice box.The White Frost is an entirelynew note in kitchen comfort, cleanliness and beauty.Wewish thatyou would come inandinspect this new kitchen utility. Forwe know that you will count the timethatittakesfodaso as well spent.A. F. Wheeler & CCHAS. GREEN, ManagerI::.y?M&-.1!3AtMWeawrs d DyefsWAMCMXiJsluL."5 - -."-i.'- iW m.yr. viairlL VOST XVspA it Afc Ay mm?- "" - Bb.sbb1 Z-l r " "- - 'bsii jmm&s' " TtBr- yjr kmmmmmmmmmmmmi- - " J f T"M.PAGE FOURTHE -BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, APRIL, 21, 1922v-rvM'M-IITMASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT&he Daly Mfg. Co Plaintiff- K 'Vs. -Notice of Sale.xJ"H, Moreland, Etc.,. . .Defendantsunaer ana Dy virtue oi a uug-ment and order of sale rendered atthe March term of the Bourbon Cir-cuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the' undersignedMaster Commissioner will, on, ',JCONDAY, MAY 8, 1922,sell at public outcry to the highestand "best bidder al the front door ofthe Court House in Paris, Ken -tucky, at about the hour of eleveno'clock a. m., the following described property:1 Daly Steam Garment Press,complete with Boiler, Model 21,said property being now inthe possession of J. W. Brown,and open to inspection.Said sale will be made upon acredit of three months, the purchaser or purchasers being required to 'execute bond with good and approved surety for the purchase "price duethree months from date of sale andbearing interest at the rate of-sixper cent. ( 6 ) per annum from dateof sale until paid, and having theforce and effect of a judgment. xSaid sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the plaintiff's judgment, interest and costs estimatedas of date of sale at Three Hundredand Thirty-foud Dollars and NinetyCents ($334.90.)0. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. 3.Capr21-28-may5)First ExcursionCincinnati, 0.,- " And ReturnVia$2.00 L. & N. $2.00Further Reduction for Children.Sunday, May 7, 1922Special train will leave Paris 8:20a. m., returning will leave FourthStreet Station, Cincinnati, G:30 p.m., Cenjtral Standard Time, (:30 p.m., City Time.) For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.(apr21-25-28may5)Down to the BottomOn Batteries !iFor Buick, Essex, Oakland, StndeImker and Chevrolet; also .standardfor Ford, from$10 to $26' Standard Batteries for any car.Prices on repairs, rebuilding and re'charging in proportion. .All batteries amd work' guaranteed. Yourpatronage respectfully solicited.Bourbon Battery StationRice & Hart, Props.4 Broadway. Cumb. Phone 851THE ECONOMY STOREi 'i .MEN'S SHOESAt Real Money-Saving PricesEvery Pair a BargainGOME IN AND SEE THEMThe Economy StoreJMK JMWNN ' " NEXT TO MGGLY WIQCLYRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles For Present andFutureThe Sunday School opens prompt-jiy at 9:30 a. m. and all who are notI now "in Sundav school are invited toJ join this one.I At Rr4R n. m. the Enworth JLeaCTiewill hold its regular devotional ser-ivice. A most hearty welcome awaitsi i, - j.t-i-(every one au an services m cmschurch. vRev. T S. Smylie, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, attendedthe sessions of the West LexingtonPresbytery, held in Cynthiana Tuesjday, Wednesday and yesterday.; At the Methodist church next,Sunday at 10:45 a. m., the pastor,JRev.,C. H. Greer, will preach on"Sabbath Observance," and at 7:30p. m. his subject will be "Jesus andiNicodemus."There will be services at theusual hours. The pastor, Rev. T.S. Smylie, will be absent for two orthree weeks. Arrangements havehave been made for the pulpit to besupplied each Sunday. The speakerfor Sunday will be announced later.At the recenT meeting of . theMaysville District Conference of theMethodist church, in Paris, the following were elected as delegates tothe annual conference, .to be held inHarrodsburg, in September: J. W.Asbury, Mrs. A. W. Hinton, G. H.Moore, W. W. Ball, Si, W. D. .Snyder, Mrs. R. P. Moody and Henry A.Power and Miss Olivia Orr, the latter two from the Paris church.HOW TO BE HEALTHYA comfortable income is a fairpassport to happiness, but only ifthere is good health to complementit. To a greater extent than anvother factor good health is the keyto an enjoyable existence. Next tothe weather, men spend most timenarrating their ill health experiences. To a considerable degree this condition, the doctors assert, is man'sawon fault. The alternative topoor health x is sensible exercise;there is a general indictment thatas a people Americans are too readyto watch others disport for theiramusement and not ready enough toplay themselves for the good of theirhealth as well as for pleasure.Now that the out-of-doors daysare at hand this is a subject worthpondering. It is a peculiar thingthat the boy who plays baseball onthe vacant lot, who participates intrack, football or basketball activities and thinks his x young life inequitably disturbed without that devotn to healthful pursuits, iswilling to abandon every one of them.when he reaches maturity and, generally takes his exercise behind thesteering wheel of an automobileFor active sport he is willing to sitin the stands and chew gum.One criticism .has been leveled atthe educational system that developsgroup sports which become inconvenient for the individual to pursuewhen the groups are scattered onleaving school, and fails to teachthose athletics which one or acouple can undertake, golf and tennis being examples. If this criticismis valid there rests none the less onthe-individual the burden of provinghimself mentally incapable of sug-6uug it uurrection in nis owncase, Dy supplying the initiative forhimself.The greatest corrective of adultill-health is universal adult amateur thletics. Men should playthemselves as well as watch others.The boy at college does not knowthe gloomy moments the man experiences worrying about his stomach,or his head, or his eyes, or his liver;it is incomprehensible to him. Yetwithin a decade, if he departs' if hedeserts his open air medicine, he,too, will begin to think twice aboutpie and be taking advice on thebaleful effects of fried foods.The national adult health couldbe vastly improved, without doubt, ifeveryone could be induced to resume,, in a degree suited to him, theathletics of younger days There ismerit equally in the modest "hikeand the more intelligently studiedgolf ball, in a humble game of handball or an abandon of tennis."The play's the thing.""THE STBOLEEBS"; AT GBND,MONDAY, APRIL 24The Strollers of the Universityof Kentucky will present ."TheThirteenth Chair," by Bayard Viller,at- the Opera House, in this city,Monday, April 24. This is one ofthe most thrilling production thathas been given by some of the mostemienent actors in the country, hasbeen surpassed inrlength of continuous run by only two other playsin the history of dramatic prodnctions ,in America. The well balancedt under the supervision of Prof.Carol Sax, is. having marked successin rehearsals, and the. play is saidby those who have witnessed the rehearsals to be the best ever stagedby the Stroller organization:All of the scenery used, in theplay was made by the . studentsthemselves, under the direction otProf. Carol Sax, of the Art Department. This years is probably thefirst time in the history of theStroller Club that so much emphasis has iieen placed on the scenerybut. the setting calls for elaboratestage design. Ordinary scenerywould not harmonize with the plot,and for this reason the students ofthe Art Department "gave generouslyof their time and talent in order tomake this the most elaborate stagesetting ever used in an amateurPlay."The Thirteenth Chair" is amystery play and the interest whichis aroused in the first few minutesof the play is sustained until fiveminutes before the curtain falls onthe last act, at which time the"secret" about which the entire plotis centered is given out. Every actand scene in the play is one of excitement and mystery. lt calls forprofessional acting, and this the casthas met in everyo demand. .The acting done by some members of thecast is of professional caliber.The cast is composed of the following young University students,the names given in order of importance :Rosalie La Grlhige MaryLexington.Helen -O'Neal FrancesLexington.Lyons,Smith,Inspector Donahue Johnbright, Mt. Vernon.Al-Will Crosby Daniel Morse, Lexington. nMr. Crosby WilliamTin orf -Finn, Bur-Mrs. Crosby EleanorLexington.Morse,Brooks,Edward 'Wales TomCovington. -Hellen Trent Kitty Conroy,Mt.sterling.Mr. Trent John Vogel, NewYork City.Miss Erskine Mary Peterson,Cynthiana.Philip Mason EarlOwensboro.Mary Eastwood AnnWashington, D. C.Heavrin,Hickman,Howard Standish Edgar Gans,Louisville.Grace Standish Nan Chenault,Maysville.Polloc (the butler) Wm.Clay.Moore,Dunn John Whittaker, Russellville. This cast was chosen by JohnBurks, director of the Stroller Clubfrom a number over one hundred,who tried out for parts at tryoutswhich were held a few months ago.It took weeks to select the cast fromthe large number of applicants, butfinally the process of elimination andshifting of parts, the best jnaterialwas left and the parts. as eivpnabove were assigned to them becausetney were best suited to the particular character parts which they areto interpret. The director was assisted by Professor Mikasell, Prof-aroi bax, Mr. Enoch GjehanMiss Margurite McLaughlin.- C"FERTILIZERandHAVE JUST RECEIVED CABLOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GBADE BEDSTEEB BBAND FEBTIUZEB FOBTOBACCO. PBICE LOWEST INSEVEBAL yEABS. IT PAYS TOUSE IT, . UBBENT & COMPANY,Incorporated. -(mar21-tf)SUPT.GEOBGE COLVINOUT WABNINGSENDSA warning has been sent to county and city superintendents by Geo.Colvin, State Superintendent, thatthey and the trustees will be heldaccountable on their bonds for salaries of teachers, employed by them,if the teachers do not possess propercertificates. At least, 1,000 'suchteachers, many of them holding nocertificates, are now employed inKentucky, according to informationobtained by the State Superintendent. The law does not permit theiremployment or the expenditures nfschool funds for paying them.it is said that several teachers ntthe Bourbon county schools are af-1iectea by the ruling.NEW HOUSE FOB SALENEW 7-B001T HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTBIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOBTH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UBBON LUMBEB Ca(nov25-tfIf you are all run dowm weak andnrvomanafrl out-ofaorta wf'A l.-.X"ui .i - .-v- .evimiBS aat everyDoay, fet backuu nm br UMBff Taalac. Roche'aAND THE GOVERNMENT PAYS.,The excitement in Congress occasioned by Senator New's daring experiment in addressing his Indianaconstituents over the governmentradio needs no explanation.t It is clear at once even to themost obtuse of legislators that Senator New has hit on something of infinite possibilities. The great difficulty a Congressman faces is- thenecessity of explaining to interestedvoters things he does not want tokexplain. A Congressman would bea very happy man ft he could goback home and hold his public dis-Jcourse to a fairly modest estimate of ;his own public worth; that angry jand determined constituents should,ask him, if a Senator, how he votedon the Newberry seat, or, if a Rep- !resentative, how he stands on thebonus, is, to say the least, annoying.At this point in comes the radio.Senator New points the way to acampaign millenium, where the candidate does all the talking. He says,by implication. "Here's a good one!Let radio do it. No hall rent, nocigars, no hecklers you don't' haveto explain anything, and the government pays for it."oBIRTHSAt the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, to Mr. and Mrs.Francis S. Smith, of Paintsville, Ky.,a son, named Francis S. Smith, Jr.Mrs. Smith was before her marriageMiss Virginia Jacoby, daughter ofMr. andParis.Mrs. Jos. Jacoby, of hearWANTEDI want to rent a four or five roomcottage, or a three or four roomflat. Call THE NEWS office. BothPhones 124. (21-tf)AigByaFOR SAIEtOne 5 passenger Dodge car; oneDodge roadster. Call phone 628, daytime, 1027 night, Winchester, Ky.apr21-tf)NOTICELawn mowers sharpened and reipaired. Scissors and knives ground.$Ve weld and repair all metals incommon use and do general machinerepair work.j SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.s (apr21-tf,NOTICEAll persons who desire to obtainlicenses to conduct the followingbusinesses in Paris, Ky., for the nextyear, (pool room, dance hall, restaurant, soft drinks, junk yard orjunk dealer) must apply to theMayor and City "Council at theregular meeting Thursday evening,at 7:30 o'clock, April 27, 1922,stating the location of street andbuilding.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor of Paris, Ky.KUNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKYfitThe&The Greatest Mystery Play Ever PresentedALL-STUDENT CASTTHIRTEENTH ANNUAL TOUROFEII-A.1 DDircctlM CI ML BAc mm Wir Tv - I ;"THE PRIDE OF PARIS"A GRAND CLEARANCE"" " OF ALLWOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'SCOATS CAPESv WRAPS '- AT-SPECIAL PRICESM22At 'DEPARTMENT STORE.PARIS KENTUCKY"The Best Time and LaborSaver on My Farm.""Delco-Light is the best time" and labor saver on myfarm." That is what thousands of users say. Delco-Lightpumps the water for use at home and barn. It runs thecream separator, churn, washer and other machines usuallyturned by hand. It soon pays for itself in labor saved.I DEPENDABLEDELCOTHE STROLLERSOF THEPRESENTThirteenthChairWHOUSEMonday, AprilDependable Delco-Lightis made in 25 styles andsizes a size for everyneed. All models havethe famous four-cycle, aircooled, valve-in-head engine; only one place tsoil. Over 140,000 satisfied users.Buy Delco-Light now.Easy payments if desired.JOHN MERRINGER -616 Main St.. Paris, Ky.- LIGHT?Vv24thIffHKk'-ffwmm1MiimmmMk" " mtiumam, t" zHfiFnZ -fe4Viii . ". "-"yMSfffiHBjWWl'Zi-V vFRIDAY, APRIL, 21, 19223 -vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, HCNTUdCYFAGSftfi:.JJCm'"GIFTS THAT LAST"BERRIED EVERY DAYPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonEnow and Others Yon'Don.Miss Elmeta Hinton lias returned from a visit to friendst inFresh berries received every day. Richmond.C. P. COOK & CO. J Miss Rosa Keller is very ill ato jher home on the Bethlehem road,WOOL- . near Paris. ,w -r-nnm t.,vd Mrs. Richard Wayne and littleWE ARE IN THE HARKET IFOR son, Billy, of BardstWn, are visitWOOL, AUD WILL. PAX HIGHEST ing Rev. C. H. Greer and family.PRICES. GET YOUR SACKS ANDTWINE E&VXL US.BRENT & COMPANY, Inc. x(apr21-5t)0BUSINESS CHANGESCharles P. Mann, of the Paris Realty Co is nossr sole owner and proprietor of the Big Four Garage, hispartner, James Day, having sold hisinterest in the concern to him. Mr.Day has taken charge of the E. F.Spears & Sons private garage onThird street.. oCAR LOAD LIMElWe have just received a car ofhydrated lime. Fine for whitewashing . Seventy cents per hag;F. S. ASBURY & CO.,-(21 3t) " phone liftHEMSTITCHING BUSINESS CONTINUED AT OLD STANDThe hemstitching business of Mrs.J. W. Brown in the Masonic Temple Building, 211 llain street, hasbeen purchased by the undersigned.It will be my aim to turn out highclass -work in my line and I solicitthe business of the ladies of Parisand Bourbon county. L(It) MRS. W. L. PHELPS.o; . FUGITIVE RECAPTUREDJailer J. E. Taylor returned Wednesday from Winchester, having incharge Wesley Sapp, fugitive fromjustice. Sapp, while a prisoner inthe Paris jail on a charge of havingmoonshine whisky in his possession,escaped while employed as a trustyon the outside. He was capturedby Winchester police and held forthe Paris authorities.DESIRABLE HOME AT PUBLICSALE PRIDAYRobt. Crombie will sell at publicauction at 2:00 o'clock, Friday afternoon, April 21, his home locatedon the west side of Second street.Harris, Speakes & Harris will conduct the sale. Read ad in THENEWS. (18-2t)o"GAME AND FISH CLUB TO HAVEPISH PRYThe Bourbon County Game andFish Club have issued the followinginvitations to its members:"The Bourbon County Game andFish Club cordially invites you toattend a fish fry to be given noonon Wednesday, April 26, 1922, atXalapa Farm, Bourbon County."Any one interested in the protection of the game and fish is cordially invited.; oSTOLEN AUTO RECOVEREDThe Buick roadster belonging toLogan Bryan, of North Middletown,whicH was stolen from in front -ofDr. A. B. Coons' residence in Georgetown, Sunday night, has been recovered. The machine was 'found by Lexington police abandoned on thestreets in Lexington and was restored to Mr. Bryan. Police were of theopinion that the machine was theone which struck and killed an unknown man on the Georgetown pikenear" Georgetown early Mondaymorning, some time after the ownermissed it.VALUES TELL COMPAREMrs. A. J. Barr and and MissAnna Johnson, of Carlisle, were recent visitors to Paris friends andrelatives.Miss Bessie Leggett, of nearParis, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, where she mayhave to undergo an operation.Mrs. James Duncan Bell, accompanied by her niece, CarolineCockerell, of Winchester, is visitingher brother, Morris Renick, in Middletown, O.Mrs. Eva Fisher and daughter,Miss Emily Fisher, have returnedto their home in Georgetown, aftera visit to friends and relatives inParis and the county.Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Anderson,Mrs. Herbert Brock and Miss Tabitha Cook have returned to Lexington uter a visit to Mrs. NicholasBohn, on Cypress street.Mrs. Charles Spillman has returned to her home in Harrodsburgafter a visit Ho her sister, Mrs. W.T. Brooks, and Dr. Brooks, at theirhome on Duncan avenue.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Brown willleave next Tuesday for Davenport,Iowa, where Mr. Brown will take aneighteen-months' course in the Hol-man Chiropractic Institute.Mrs. J. M. Alverson and childrenhave returned from 'a three-months'visit in Santiago, California. Theywere accompanied by Mrs. E. M.Dorien, of Memphis, Tenn., sister ofMrs. Alverson.Mrs. J. T. Sfiarrard, Mrs. Jos.;H. Ewalt and Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott,,of Paris, attended the recent meeting of the Cynthiana Chapter, D. ofC, held at the "home of Mrs. C. P.Lair, in that city.Paul Jones, son of Rev. andMrs. J. B. Jones, is a patient at theMassie Memorial Hopsital, where heunderwent an operation for appendicitis. ' He rallied nicely and wasresting comfortably last night.Eugene Strother, twelve-year-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. ReubenStrother, of Henry Addition, underwent an operation for appendicitisat the Massie Memorial Hospital,Tuesday night. His condition was reported yesterday as being very satsfactory. Mr. A. R. Wilburn, of Lexington, manager "of Blue Grass Park,Lexington, was in Paris several daysthis week. Mr. Wilbur perfectedarrangements with several local organizations to hold their annualpicnics at Blue Grass Park this summer and fall.Miss Edna Snapp, daughter ofMrs. Alice Snapp, of Paris, who is aSenior at the University of Kentucky, is- in Hot Springs, Ark., to attend the National Y. W. C. A. Convention. Miss Snapp was sent to theConvention as delegate from till Y.W. C. A. organization, of which sheis president. She is also an honorstudent of the Senior Class and amember of the National MortarBoard fraternity.The guests for Mrs. Louis Rog-'ers bridge party given at her homeon the Lexington pike, near Paris,Monday night, in compliment toMiss Letitia Magoffin, of St.- Paul,Minn., who is a guest at the Rogershome, were: Mesdames Jos. W.Davis, Jr., Charles Miles McKinlay,James W. Thompson, CatherineDavis Craig; Misses Letitia Magoffin, Virginia Wetherall, MargaretFerguson; Messrs. Hugh Ferguson,Woodford Buckner, John Kriener,John Ardery Harold Harris, JosephDavis, Virgil Chapman, JamesThompson, Richard Thomas andHarvey Rogers.Compare our dollar union suitswith any other at $1.50. You willsee the difference.J. W. DAVIS & CO.OPENING OP NEW CONFECTIONERY, ETC.BENEDETTI & CO. ANNOUNCETHE OPENING OP THEIR NEWCONFECTIONERY AT NO. 503MAIN STREET, LATELY VACATED BY MRS. CORNE BAIRD EARLY NEXT WEEK. WE HAVE REMODELED THE ROOM AND WILLHAVE A CHOICE STOCK OP CANDIES, FRUITS,- CIGARS, TOBACCO, ETC.BENEDITTI & CO.0PORMER PARIS ATTORNEYPRACTURES HEPMis Letitia Magoffin, (St. Paul, fMinn.); Mrs. E. H. Dorian, (Memphis, Tenn.); MrTand Mrs. ClayWard, Mr. and Mrs. James W.Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. MillerWard, Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig,Mrs. Swift Champe; Mr. and Mrs.Julian Allen, Miss Bush Allen, (Mllersburg); Mr. and Mrs. Volney W.Ferguson, Mr. "and Mrs. ,Henry T.Judy, Mrs. Ray Taylor, Miss Frances Clay, -Mr. Turney Clay; Mr. andMrs. Byron McMurtry, (Cynthiana.)A delicious "dinner, in severalcourses was served Jthe guests, whowere seated at small tables, beautifully appointed, and decorated,while vases of rose tulips pleased heeye. After the dinner the guestsenjoyed several games of bridge.The guest prize, a beautiful Bohemian ware cologne bottle, was presented to Miss Ferguson. Mrs.Charles Miles McKinlay was awardedthe first prize, a lovely Wedgewoodpowder box. Mr. Byron McMurtry,of Cynthiana, was awarded the gentleman's first prize, a gold-tippedleather match case.(Other Personals on Page 3)oREAL ESTATE DEALSE. M. Mattox and wife, of Bourbon county, and 0. L. Snapp andwife, of Fayette county, transferredtitle in Lexington, Wednesday to JoeDonaldson, of two tracts of land onthe Greenwich pike, near the county line in Bourbon, comprising about103 acres, for $12,000.0LOOKING POR A HOME? HERE'SONE TO SUIT. -The handsome home of Robt.Crombie, located on west side of Second street, .at public auction, Friday afternoon, April 21, at twoo'clock. A- rare chance. Read thead in THE NEWS.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(18-2t)LODGE NOTESThe Board of Directors of the Masonic Widows and Orphans Home,in Louisville, according to advicesreceived by Paris officials of the order, has under consideration at halfdozen -sites, one of which is to beselected on which to erect the new.buildings for the home. It is expected that this site will be definitely settled upon in the next ten-days.The regular meeting of the Progressive Lodge, Independent Orderof Forresters, will be held at theKnights of Pythias Hall to-night.State Manager C. S. Bond will bepresent with an interesting message.Every member is requested to bepresent. Election of officers." W. C. TEAGER,District Deputy.THE FAIRFriends and relatives in Paris received messages yesterday statingthat Mr. John Shropshire Smith,formerly a member of the Bourboncounty bar, had fallen down thesteps at his home in. Indianapolis,suffering a fractured hip.Mr. Smith during his residence inParis was a prominent attorney, having filled the offices of County Attorney and Commonwealth's- "Attorneyfor this district. He Is a son of thelate Dr. R. o. Smith, and a brotherof T. Porter Smith amd Mrs. Clarence Wood, all former reeUtoate ofParis.' Mr. Smith's host of fritaftsMRS. HALL'S DINNEROf the many charming socialfunctions in honor of the bride-elect,the dainty little Miss MargaretFerguson, the dinner-bridge givenby her aunt and uncle, Mr. andMrs. Joseph M. Hall, on Duncanaveiue. Wednesday, was perhaps themost perfect in all its appointments.The handsome home was lovely inits decorations of fragrant springflowers. The rooms were redolentwith lovely blossoms that harmonized with the exquisite furnishings.Many of these were sent by admiring friends to celebrate the comingevent, which will be the most elaborate wedding of the spring.The guests of honor were seatedin the dining room at a large roundtable, whch had a covering of exquisita Ventian lace. The centerpiece was r. large silver bowl of pinksweet peas. Seated at this tablewere Miss Ferguson and Mr. Rogers,Miss Letitia Magoffin, Mr. WilliamKenney Ferguson, Miss Mary HallAnderson and Mr- Julian Allen,Mrs. Charles Miles McKinlay, Mr.Miller Ward, Jr., Mrs. William A.Clarke and Mr. Hugh Ferguson.Mr. and Mrs. Hall's guests were,including the guests of honor, MissFerguson and Mr. "Rogers, Mr. andMrs. Louis Rogers, Mr. and Mrs.John Stuart Roberts; Mrs. WilliamA. Clarke (Cincinnati); Mrs. Chas.Mil McXlayn7&w Ybri; ; Mr:and Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson,You pay less when you shop here.Not only the values we offer youhere forPRIDAY AND SATURDAYbut you will be surprised at the wonderful mark down of other items allthrough the store.Our old" way of doing business isover, no more over-the-counterprices to pay. We are saving youfrom 10 to 25-per cent, less on alllines " of home needs Woodware,Glassware, Crockery, as well asmiscellaneous items. Test the advantages of buying household needsthe new Self-Service way; compareour low prices with our formerover the-counter prices you have beenpaying, and at other stores; over-the-counterspecial prices you'll find theSelf-Seryice plan is the One Plan thatwill enable you to save on -all thehouse furnishings you need. Notethe Self-Serving prices now in effeet.Window Shades 3 feet .wide, 6 feetlong, 49c don't compare these withthe cheap shades now on the market;Oil Stove Wicks, for famous makesof Oil Stoves 28c; Glass PercolatorTops, each 2c; Milk Cans, 4 qt. 49c;the 6 qt. 59c; the 8 qt. at 69c;Kirshfs "Velvet Bronze ExtensionCurved Curtain Rods, each 29c.Cream Separator Brushes, 15c;Wash Cloths, 5c size at 3c; per doz.25c; Towels (Heavy Huck) size 18x34, Red Borders, each 9c; PitcairnsVarnish Stains, all colors, Paints allcolors, "and all sizes, from Vz Pintcans to 1 gallon size.EXCEPTIONALLY PINE- LINE OPWALL PAPERSIf you. contemplate decoratingyour room, will be glad to show youthe line, and give you an estimateon your workK as prices are mostreasonable.Water coolers, all sizes, BirdCages, all sizes, Bird Seed, fullweight box 19c; Cedar Oil "Polish 10ca bottle.High Grade Line of WagnerCooking Utensils, Corn Sticks, Pans,Wagner Drip Drop Roasters, Complete line of Ckillets, Muffin Pans,etc., Glass Vases, Cemetery Vases,Potteyy Vases, Hanging' FlowerBaskets, Rose Bowls, Flower Pots,all sizes.THE FAIRrIF YOU HAVE WAITEDTill Now For That Spring OutfitYOU WILL FIND OUR STORE READY TO SERVE YOU.NEW ARRIVALS IN MEN'S AND BOYS'' SUITS AREHERE TO MAKE YOUR SELECTIONS EASY ANDPLEASANT.Men's, SuitsBoys' SuitsmmUPUPAS WE ARE OUTFITTERS FROM HEAD' TO FOOT,NATURALLY WE HAVE SHISTS, SHOES, HATS, CAPS,SOCKS, ETC., AS LOWEST PRICES.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBetter Values in Menand Boys' Wear'I ' I. WE ARE SHOWINGLIVING ROOM SUITESIn many designs at most reasonable prices.Let us serve you.Have You Heard the New Columbia Record Hit"ANGEL CHILD?"Buyit now. Columbia Grafonolas are the best Talking Machines.There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machine;THE .J. T. HINTON Cftr.Tur.MONE 3C MRIS, KENTUCKY ,; SIXTHMotor Hearse-Motor Invalid.. Cocfa-UMlertaftda"m31i i.1U-t-M1J Ur 1W-i!-Y- " - BJ '.zHJ AII H' aBJ tBJmBJ itBJkvBJrmn bjherj urtt Jp. jMggQfJMi. accidantJz$w&l8mms&&&...- K ? 45 - vy. -?V7v-'ar-"2iv?3&riS-X'"v Jtrs&k"-V"s-:-VHsS5--v..yiii-1' "n--.,."-i jfks'PAGE SIXTHEBOURBON;NEWS:PARIS,KENTUCKY"1 t .JfRIDAY, APRm 21, l2Jf5 -P- y.'Fnm- 5--i1,5mhi41iL ii-.:Ofl1PENOBSERVATIONSn?$SPELLS S. ,' Penns is packed air-tight in thep patented new container the qualityF is sealed in.m Penn's is always fresh.I Buy Perm's the next time. Gleanfresh sweet.r i VMariHVS'llUSMilKZS.SEALEDAIR-TIGHTfr -Guaranteed, byO7vf J20 Cfc'SPEING BOOKS LATESTAll things come in season, evenTxM)kBi The sun regulates not onlytke price of eggs by encouraging anabundance of them jn the spring; itdecides in a most arbitrary fashionthat even human beings shallchange their interests with theannouncement of a library in one ofthe big cities; and follows up thesuggestion with a list of books tonone of which anybody would "havegiven the slightest attention two orthree months ago. There are bookson bees, books on botany, books onflowers and fruit culture, and bookson scrubs and soils. For those whodesire a more vigorous pastime thanchanging seasons.Not only does it relegate to the -gardening this reading list suggestsattic states and hockey sticks; notonly does it change the display intfee show windows of the stores; itdecides quite definitely that withthe changing seasons one mustthink other thoughts and read otherkind of books."Spring fever bdoks," suggests anft CD I flow rtftIt's Easy If You Know DrEdwards' Olive Tablets- The secret of keeping young is to feelyoung to d j this ycu must watch yourliver and bowels there's no need of, having a sallow complexion dark ringsunder your eyes pimples a biliouslook in your face dull eyes with nosparkle. Your doctor will tell you ninetyper cent of all sickness comes frominactive bowels and liver.Dr. Edwards, a well-known physicianin Ohio, perfected a vegetable compound mixed with olive oil to act on theliver and bowels, which he gave to hispatients for years.Br. Edwards' OliveTablets, the subatituteMor -calomel, are gentle in theiraction yet always effective. They bringabout that natural buoyancy which allshould enjoy by toning up the liver andclearing the system of impurities.Dr.Etfwards'OliveTablets are knownby their oHve color. 15c and 30cbooks on swimming and tennis, ongolf and baseball and fishing andcamping and .11 manner of outdoorsports. In some sly manner a bookon jui-jitsu has crept into the list.So also has a book on pugilism.These are probably intended forreaders who wish to carry overinto spring the more vigorous activities of winter.,,The home-making instinct, alwaysvery active in spring, is satisfiedwith books on domestic architecture,house decoration and building ingeneral Merele as a suggestionthat even "spring has its annoyancesthe compiler of the list suggests abook or two on insects. This roundsout fairly well the manifold activities which the coming of springbrings with it.And all this merely because in thespring and summer the rays of thesun hit this part of the earth at aslightly different angle from whatthey do in the winter. What a lotof commotion the sun is responsiblefor! No wonder that in the infancy of the race there were sunworshippers, The sun does prettywell rule man's destinies.Civil service should not be at anypolitical party's serviceroA sewing circlemany a repuation.has sewed upLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGBETTER PRICESFOR TOBACCOBetter prices for Burley Tobacco already haveaccount of the organizatfon of the Burley Tobaccooperative Association. - i sbeen paid onGrowers' Co-IHen who remained outside the organization shared in thebenefits accruing from the better -prices due to the organization ofthe Association, there is mighty little doubt about that.Your banker, your merchant, your professional men, all favorJthe plan on which this Association was organized. The growers-who have delivered their crops are pleased with the result. Askany of them. ' "There are now more than 58,000 growers of Burley Tobaccowho have come to the definite conclusion, to drop the old wastefuldumping system of selling their tobacco and to adopt- the modern,aensible, business-like merchandising-plan so successful whereverit has been given a fair trial. ,r The only people who are asking you to stay out of the Association are those who" would profit by your staying out. YOUwill aot profit, but THEY will, and they know it.Come join your neighbors in this movement and let's make it-vaaaiiaous. For information and contract write toBurley Tobacco Growers'-.Operative Association10'' StrntieBroadway,"Upholding a jrovernmefit toooftentakes the form of bolding it up.There is nothing in the price oflumber to indicate that it was evercut down.Peace"" seems to have arrived almost everywhere except in Irelandand in Congress.One swallow may not make a sum-mer. y. .. z vtv.ii ruuuu LU iay aman up for-one.Does the speaker who says 1924will be woman's year mean that it isdivisible-by four?Every cloud has its silver lining.George Harvey will not make aspeech at the Genoa parley.The official status of many married men when their wives are out ofthe house is speaker pro tern.This proposal 'to deport foreignbootleggers may be the logical sequence of the "America for Americans" idea.Scientists declare the earth is aball of jelly. Autoists who havebeen stuck "up to the hubs in it willnot dispute the assertion.Perhaps the miners struck againsta reduction from war pay because areduction would prevent accumulating anything to fall back on incase of "a strike.Some disconsolate' women whohave been restricted to the neighborhood in their attempts to- learneverything that is going on willnever ?? happy until they have aradio. " -An Oniaha prosecuting attorneyhad to argue so powerfully to obtain the conviction of an alienbootlegger that his bright arm wasdislocated. He'll be for dennrHnp-them after this.Most wars have started in AprilSot counting the annual baseballscraps.Mexico is beginning to talk aboutarranging to pay her debts. That isas commendable in a nation as in anindividual.The United States and Turkeyare not at Genoa. This may be aninkling as to the Harding administration's foreign policy.A month's lecture tour in theUnited States netted Margot As-quith $35,000. Lady Astor thinksshe could use that much.Senator Penrose left a very modest estate just about enough- say,to De eiectea to the Senate threetimes had he found it as hard asNewberry.That Congressman who wanted toappropriate 30 cents to enforce thecivil service law doesn't care howhe thrown the government's moneyaway.A sporting writer says athletesdo their best work on an emptystomach, but this may only be anaiiDi ior itepuDlican promises of afull dinner pail.There is nothing more irritatine:than the season's first touch of sunburn, unless it is engaging in aheated argument with a man who isable to prove he is right.German marks to the former valueof $2,000,000,000 are held by Americans whp bought them as an "investment," which is two billions thatfake oil stock promotors can not get.STRENGTH-YITALITY-JAPPINESSA Message to People in Poor HealtfeWho Want to Be." - Well "" '-.. If you are in poor health merelyfrom a general run-down condition,get some Gude's Pepto-Mangan ofyour druggist and take it with yourmeals for a few weeks or until youfeel right again. Pepto Mangan is awonderful tonic and blood-builderand is very pleasant to take: It doesnot act like a miracle. Its effectsare gradual, but real and sure. Itcontains iron in a form easily digested and absorbed by the system.For thirty years Gude's Pepto-Manganhas been ;used by physicians as atonic for run-down people. Don'tcontinue to be weak, nervous andheadachy take Gude's Pepto-Mangan ana restore your gooa neaitn.Thousands have been helped back tohealth by it you can be benefitedif you will accept this truth and actnow. swain ootn nquia a-na taoietform. (adv)o . -.WHAT ONE READS COUNTS .H IIUMMHIIHIII illlllllllimWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesjElectric Washing! Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, Allz. Kinds of Bulbs, Etc:Gas HeatersAI Sizes and Prices. Gas"1 Logs Jand Grates.That are VeryfPractical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEDYE SKIRT. DRESSDR FADED DRAPERIESDIAMOND DYESEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple thatany woman can dye or tint faded,shabby skirts, dresses, waists, coats,sweaters, stockings, hangings, draperies, ever thing like new. BuvDiamond Dyess" no other kindthen perfect home dveine: is e-imr.anteed, even if you have never dyedbefore. Tell your druggist whetherthe material you wish to dye is woolor silk, or whether it is linen, cotton, or mixed goods. Diamond Dyesnever streak, spot, fade or run." ' O rMost of the uncivil talk about thecivil service appears to be justified.-ownen a man kills anothermanover a woman, why the expense ofan inquest y.., - i-""rvfif- pQUICKRELIEFFROMCONSTIPATIONGetDr. Edwards' Olive TabletsThat is the joyful cry ofthousandssince Dr. Edwards produced OliveTablets, the substitute for calomet'Dr. Edwards, A- practicing physicianfor 17 years and calomers old-timeenemy, discovered the formula for OliveTablets while treating patients forchronic constipation and torpid livers.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do notcontain calomel, but a healing, soothingvegetable laxative.. No griping is the "keynote" of theselittle sugaroated, olive-colored tablets. They cause the bowels andjiver toact normally. They never force themto unnatural action.If you have a "dark brown mouth"bad breath a dull,& fired feeling-sickheadache torpid liver-rconipatia,vyou'll find quick, $ure-ad pleasant rtvaulUromoneor trto WDr. EdwaniBecause a man has the reputation"of being "well read" does not meanthat he reads omnivorously. Franklin is often pictured as a man whoread everything he could acquire,even taking time from his work toread. But in Franklin's day literature had not been commercializedto the extent to which it .is to-dayand only the very best 'thought onany subject ever found its way intotype.It is worse than a waste of timeto read much of the diatribe that isto-day printed for the dollars a gullible public will payfo rit. It notonly serves no worthy purpose butinclucates a nreverted viewDoint ofthe fundamental facts of life itself. !The number of things which is desirable to "read is so large and theaverage person's leisure so limitedthat much discrimination should beexercised in the selection of readingmatter.There is such a thing, also, as excessive reading of books to which noobjection can be raised. It maycause mental indigestion. In somepersons it is not conductive to original thinking, since they get in thehabit of depending on the thingswhich they find in print instead ofworking out problems for themselves.It is best to choose reading matter carefully and " deliberately, andto read carefully and with full understanding. The quality of what ispersued is what counts, not thequantity.HOW'S this ?HAI,L,'S CATARRH MEDICINE willdo what we claim for it rid your systemof Catarrh or Deafness caused by catarrh. We do not recommend it for anyother disease.HALE'S CATARRH MEDICINE Is aliquid, taken internally, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe system, thus reducing: the inflammation and assisting: Nature in restoringnormal conditions.All Druffpists. Circulars free.P. J. Qheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.STRIKES A LIABILITY -White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH ND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford JPartsExpert Battery ServileRepairs Storage Supplies(tf) Cars Washecftmjt! GETIt seems a bit strange that anyperson or body of men should seriously advocate the continuance 'ofa strike as a method of bringingabout a settlement between capitaland labor, but labor still has somemembers who refuse to profit by theexperience of the- past.It would be impossible to marshalthe figures representing the losses,direct and indirect, which have resulted from strikes in the UnitedStates in the last twenty years andmore. The workers always werethe greatest losers in wages, butemployers and the public have beenheavy sufferers through- suspensionof work.There might be some .justificationof the strike if workers could bemade the beneficiaries in any way,but the record does not show thatanything has been gained whichwould not have been possible byadoption of the policy of mediationwhen disputes- arise.ENGLISH WOMEN SAYS "AMEBICANS AEE WONDEBFUL""A wonderful, wonderful people'was Mrs. Margot Asquith's description of America as she disembarkedfrom the steamship Mauretania atSouthampton, England, returningfrom a lecture tour of the UnitedStates. She declared she enjoyedevery minute she spent in America,although she did not contemplatereturning.Prohibition, she asserted, was theonly fraud she found. She declaredthe 'prohibition law worked mostunfarily between the rich andpoor.Wlien Informed that many peopleexpected her to lecture on her experiences in America, she repliedemphatically."Well, they will be jolly well disappointed." Asked if she was going Into polltices she retorted:"What is my husband but a poll-'tlclan. He Isn't a laekaae. VvREADY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Dor?t wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped .WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home JPhone 399tmm2THE TTNtyERSAL CARDown They Go AgainVLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922Chassis,...; r. $285Runabout. 319Touring Car 348Track Chassis. 430Coupe 580Sedan ...., 645(F. O. V DETROIT)"v- ,- , , -7 ' -r -ryMOTORwvbri in'MliikfiiiTff'.iff -!&W "'jBvt Aawets at Dedtane.?tL fc-tX.aX.ci-'ift 3S- rr" IJ '0--i. -"' .n.r-CJ'J'-V!-FRIDAY, APRIL Jl, 1MI,.-u J, '-T,,THE.,StRJmffKm gARIS,,KESTUaiT.-i - .", - '-"'KlZu nwy9B"7BaniieLyeHP iseasy to useNo other lye is packed sosafely and conveniently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfectsso easHy and thoroughly as Banner Lye. ItIs not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever known. Use it for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, forsoftening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in half.Makes pure soapand saves money besides. A can ofBanner Lye, 5j pounds of kitchen grease,ten minutes' easy work (no boiling or largekettles), and you have 10 pounds of best hard.soap or 20 gallons of soft soap.Banner Lye Is sold by your grocer or drueelsts."Write to us for free booklet, " Uses of Banner Lye."The Pcan Ckemlcal Works PhllmdelpkU U 6 A(27jan-25t-F)URARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916;$CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Riser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vic PresidentW. Wj. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkea, Aai't CwMtrDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921Just HistoryIn 7fThe Colonial DimeSpun her clothBy Candle flame. ,In 1880 - "In Crinoline bright,She greeted her jraeitiBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas. M9Bat the rirl oi to-dayWho wants her hamt bright,Just presses a bmttomAnd has Electrio Light.10cARMRADERSAvParis Gm& Electric Co.WHAT EVERY -COMPLEXIONNEEDSOnce every day your skin shouldbe gently but thoroughly cleansed ofall accumulations ot dirt, perspiration,cold cream, rouge and powder.Every tiny pore must be freed,from clogging accumulations, so thatthe net work of minute glands can dotheir necessary work. If you fail tocleanse the skin daily it will get sluggishand inactive, lifeless and sallow. Blackheads will develop the filled up poreswill enlarge into unattractive" coarseness and dirt infections, irritation andpimples will resultFor this cleansing you must use amild soap. Palmolive is made fromPalm and Olive oils. For thousandsof years these rare oik Jiave been usedby famous beauties. They were highlyprized by Cleopatra.Today these oils are blended toproduce the most famous of all modernsoaps Palmolive. It produces a profuse creamy lather which is as smoothas a lotion. It penetrates every tinypore and removes every trace of dirt,oil and cosmetics, leaving the skinwonderfully-smooth, fresh and rosy.You can buy Palmolive Soap atall first class groceries and drug stores. .THE PALMOLIVE COMPANYMilwaukee, Wis.A CONFESSED WEAKNESSI think that I can stand It whenthe tulips nod to me,With the hlue skies high above meand the green upon the tree;I think" that I can listen to the robins' cheerful songAnd still go about my duty, tho thetempter's voice is strong;But I know that I shall weaken andforsake the haunts of men "When I hear some glad voice shouting that the fishing's good again.The lure of spring is mighty and theblossoms on the treesHave a coaxing way about them anda manner, if you please,That upsets my stock of couragebut I think, I can resistThe urge to drop my burdens, thoI'll fidget andvI'll twistAnd hunger for my freedom, but Iknow I'll drop my penAt the first glad indication that thefishing's good again. "rI think that I can stand it when thegreen is on the treeAnd the wish to .lay the loaferstarts the wanderlust in me,But if I am at the window .and twoboys should chance to strollWith, their poles upon their shoulders to a certain fishing hole,Then no-power on earth can hold meI shall quit my stuffy denFor I can't resist temptation whenthe -fishing's good again.James J. Hill started in businessas a partner in a coal and Tyool yardin St. Paul.The Republican party, too, seemsto have its problem of the unemployed.DrWaddcll'sPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be OperatedHi until you hare tried Dr. Waddeli'PSRemiy. Absolutely harmless. GuarMBtead to giva. absolute satisfaction oratotj refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourIractutIf not write us.'MedicineSmWisfiroVfeRVJINTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to ' LexingtonLexington To Paris7:05 a. m. - .6:00 a. m.8:05 a! m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. 9:00 a., m.11:05 a. m. , 10:00 a. m.12:05 p! m. - 11: 00 -a. m.1:05 p. m. - "12:00 m.2:05 p. m. , 1:00 p. in.3:05 a. m. m 2:00 p. m.4:05 p.,m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p.'m: ' 4:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. ' 5:00 p. m.7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m.-8:15 p. m. 7:00 p m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p, m. 11:00 p. m.'Cash Fare, .60c; Ticket Pare, 54c,Commutation 52 -trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates. -KENTUCKY TEACXI9N1GNAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TEE-CAMAL BROS.BABBER SHOP4-WHITE BASSEIS-'Xtitfi ImfpnaatItrtajsdPamtftrmtJOT AM COLD IITMwrLUAKt wkghei, jmPr3nobPEOSPEEITYThat business is improving in the.East and that this condition isspreading to the Middle West by degrees, is the opinion of WilliamWrigley, Jr., Co., Chicago.The good old Ameican dollar iscoming back into its town. Peoplefrom one end of the nation to theother are getting around to the ideathat the' only basis for real prosperity is an honest day's work for afair day's wage.The United States as a whole- hasbeen on a "business spree" for thepast five years. Prices, up to recently, were out of all sense of proportion for the value received.- 'The greatest cure for hard times,Mr: Wrigley says, is to stop talkingabout hard times, get to work andkeep money and goods circulating."The year 1921 was regarded asa pretty bad period for lots of concerns in the East and Middle West,"said Mr. Wrigley. "For us it wasthe best year in the thirty years Ihave4een in the chewing gum manlufapturing industry."We are spending $11,0000 a daythis year to push Wrigley's Chewing Gum."The judicious use of printer'sink is the greatest selling force inthe world. If you do business on aworld-wide basis, or even in the locality encompassed within a fewblocks, you have got to keep thepeople interested or you won't sellthem your "goods.'WORDS FROM HOMEtatements That May Be Investigated Testimony of ParisCitizensWhen a Paris citizen comes tothe front, telling his friends andneighbors of his experience, you canrely on his sincerity. The statementsof people lesiding in far away placesdo not command your confidence.Home endorsement is the' kind thatbacks Doan's Kidney Pills. Such testimony is convincing. Investigationproves it true. Below is a statement of a Pans resident. No stronger proof of merit can be had.Joe Kiely, proprietor repair shop,11 Seventh street, says: "Doan'sKidney -Pills did me a world of goodand I take- pleasure in recommending them to anyone suffering withkidney complaint and my back ached most of the time. My kidneyswere weak and the secretions werehighly colored and contained sediment. I lost my sleep. at night asthere was no let up to the pain inmyJjack. I got four boxes of Doan'sKidney Pills 'at Ardery's Drug Storeand used them according to directions. They rid me of the troubleentirely."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for ea kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Kiely had. Foster-Milburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.--PREPARATION SUCCEEDSIt is youth which pays mostdearly for procrastination. For it iswhen we are young that we shouldlay the foundations for futureachievements, andvby putting off thepreparation which "such achievements demand failure is invitedwhen in later years the test comes.Thisjnessage is deserving of restatement. Time out of mind it hasbeen handed down from generationto generation. Adorned by the addition of an appropriate fable, orwith illustrations taken from current daily life, or rounded off withan old proverb, this message hascome down from days before bookswere in existence, from such earlytimes in which man had not yetlearned to use the written word.But not even its age can rob thisadvice of its foisce. Indeed, as theprospects for the young to makegood later in life grow more abundant, it is. the more necessary thathe wbo would succeed should takepains to insure success by gettingthe right kind of start. Youth isnot so limited in its possibilities tomake good as it once was. No matter in what station of life he is bornto-day .any ambitious boy may, ifnot achieve greatness, at least comeclose to it.But it depends on the right kindof start. He can not leave schoolat the sixth or seventh grade andhope to succeed against 'those whohave been better trained. HeX cannot in early youth shirk whateverduties the day's work may bringand still hope -to attain the moralcaliber necessary for good work laterin life. He can not always take theeasier way without losing the veryforce by which great deeds aredone. "Strength of characte'r and abilityto perform distinctive' work are theresult of constant effort in youthwhen habits are most easily formed.This is as true to-day as it wai 1,000 years ago.ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have In stock for the conven-lence of users of adding machines, aWx stock,of paper rolls. These rollsmi mad of the beat bond paper andart absolutely, free from lint- Youcan buy from on to a eaM. Let usmart a trial orair. - - -1 v-?'wXfmnBiA DANGEBOUS ILLUSION"Is the American presently to become a "disillusioned race?" askssomeone. "A sage once said thatthe Celt was a dreamer, that theAnglo Saxon was a practical man ofaffairs, that the Irish had a sense ofhumor. In the light of more recentinformation on these facts, are theystill tenable?"Well, perhaps they are not; perhaps the value of the few factsavailable was over-estimated, bringing conclusions not altogether warranted. JBut there -is no dangerthat Americans shall -presently bewithout illusions, no matter how relentlessly science sets to work toconvert beliefs into lost illusions.There is no danger in hanging onto some illusions a little too long.'ihere is, to-put the matter concretely, a real danger in clinging tothe illusion that right men willcome to the front of their own accord.Such an illusion about the practical working out of democracy cannot be got rid of too soon. However problems can be righted onlyby those who take in thefr solutionan active part. There is no illusionfor which Americans pay moredearly-than for the one prevalent inpolicies of letting "George do it."Democracy means political co-operation,and when a great number ofpeople fail to co-operate, democracymust fail to function adequately. Ifthe people want to make sure thatthe bst 'man gets into office, theymust take paints to find him and toput him into office. "Every othertheory of democracy is illusion, anda-Siostly one at that.There is money in the installmentbusiness but not if you have beenbuying 'things that way.SURE TO HELPSICK WOMENtMrs. Baker, So Much Benefited byLydiaE.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, Anxious to Help OthersLebanon, Indiana. "I was completely run down from women's troubles andstomach trouble andfor a long time washardly able to do mywork. I had somefriends who hadtaken Lydia E. Pink-ham's VegetableCompound, and theytold me about it. Iknow what it hasdone for me and Irecommend it toothers, as I am sureit will be a greathelp to all sick women. It is a wonderful medicine, and I give you permissionto use my testimonial and my photograph." Mrs. Emma Baker, 310 S.East St., Lebanon, Indiana.These letters recommending Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound oughtto convince women of 'the great worthof this medicine in the treatment of ailments to which they are often subject.Mrs. Baker calls it "a wonderful medicine." If you are suffering fromtroubles women often have, or feel allrun down, without any ambition or energy for your regular work, take LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Itis a natural restorative and should helpyou as it has Mrs. Baker and many,many other women.Everything in the.Paint and Varnishline nothing butthe be's.'GET OURPRICESYarden & SonDruggistsbSk" :xSh6ss:.HP ' rolIII) r- JillHill jlmmi-r .-FINEST CANDIES-IN ATTRACTIVE BOXES ,AN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYimnniniuinunmminnmuinnummiGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Service&OTH TELEPHONESDay137tiimnmniiMuMm,mWhich Daily Paper?A Question That is Quickly and Readily AnsweredThe Courier-JournalLargest Morning Circulationof Any Kentucky NewspaperEnjoys a nation-wide prestige and reputation. Itisessentially a newspaper, intent upon giving news matterfirst consideration.Maintains its own news Bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of theJAssociated Press.With important-legislation coming before Congress andthe Kentucky General Assembly in 1922, the CourierJournal is the daily newspaper you will need.By special arrangements we are now able tq offerThel)aily Courier -JournalANDThe Bourbon NewsBOTH ONE "YEAR fl ff PABY til AIL FOR ONLY f JfjUThis offer applies to -renewals as well as hew subscriptions, but only to people living in Kentucky, Tennessee or Indiana. New subscribers may, if desired,start at a later date, and renewals will date from expiration of present ones. 'If you prefer an evening newspaper, you may substitute Tha Louisville Times for The Courier-Journal.Send or bring your orders to' the office of THEBOURBON NEWS.CONVENIENTL.&N. MorningTrain ServiceTOLouisville ,leaves Paris 7:00 a. m. daily except -Sundayarriving Baxter Ave. Station, Louisville, 11 :11 a. m.Arrives Louisville "Union Station ll:30a. m., offering directconnection "with the new Louisville & jNashville super all steellimited train, "The Pan-American," for Memphis and -beyond,and for Birmingham, Pensacola, Mobile, 'New Orleans,, etc.,carrying Observation Car, Drawing Boom-Compartment Sleepers, Dining Cars, Parlor Car, Coaches, etcFor further information apply . to W. V. SHAW, TicketAgent L: & N. R. R., Paris, Ky. (aprl8-21-25-28)i:ai:::!K!Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. "4xThe Bourbon LaundryPaps,"rJ"Nightpi-. -KWe$t Fifh SteetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appfiimcecand expert Helpers weprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.Kentucky?HrV- ftl: t-X-.J-r-i "---:1jtVHS---j 11I1J.hiftji's-rn"v-;-i T,-:!.H' t, Tit-J,i?i. .i.!i" 3. - ill l5 MiljtBJi'''-'JLJIl-ft) ,TOTBOTOBONNWf;IXHIXMXHXli- - ?r -? .. v-yk. i -V- ....- '. jV?1-1.5?'t?" fHE.r" A.. - rt- 'pwmXPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYt FRIDAY, l&RTL 11, 122hi'1hir,mfe 'mMILIMSBURGlntirtting News Items, From Bourdon County's College Town-Mrs. Ida Rogersis visitingrliiends in Cincinnati.Miss Ethel Fisher has returnedttrom a visit to Cincinnati.Mrs. Mattie Hawes," of C6vington, is visiting relatives here.FOR SALE--One roll top desk,jgood as? new. CalL Home Phone 14.MrsBeulah Steen has returnedfrom, a visit with relatives at Glasgow. Miss Elizabeth Fisher has re--turnedfrom a visit with relatives in"Virginia.Mrs. Parley Evans is visiting"her sister, MA. Birdie Wilson, in3incinnati.- Mr. Clark Bascom and daughter, Sue, visited friends in Owingsville, Sunday.Mrs. Elizabeth Miller is visiting her daughter, Miss ElizabethMiller, in Lexington.Mrs. R. L. Wilson visited herdaughter, Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger,dn Paris, Wednesday.Miss Jean McWethy, of Greenjastle, Ind., visited her cousin, Mrs.J. B. Cray, this week.Miss Lydia Brown has returned"rom ja visit with her brother, Mr.Ed Brown, in Cynthiana.Miss Juanita Clements has re"turned from a visij with Miss GladysBurnett, in Middlesboro.r Claude Dailey, of Ravenna,.spent the week-end with his parents,7Dr. and Mrs. W. G. Dailey.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Farris at- tended the funeral of Mrs. Ethelkarris, at .Fans, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Julian Allen have- returned from I visit with Mr. nndMrs. Guv Briees. in Frankfort.Bedford Pogue, of Chicago, has-returned home after a visit with his-parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Pogue.Mrs. C. K. Holt, of Charleston.W. Va., was the week-end guest ofher daughter, at Millersburg College.The game of ball between M. M."L and Carlisle played here Tuesday,i ' resulted in the score of 9 to 6 in fa--vorof M. M. I.Millersburg College, Millersburg"High -School and Millersburg Institute have resumed their work afterthe Easter holidays.Misses Virginia Lewis and JaniceSingleton have returned from a visitat Shelbyville to resume theirschool duties at Millersburg College.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Allen anddaughter, Elizabeth Bush, have re-- turned from a visit with relatives' in Stanford.Will Vimont, of Maysville, visited his mother and sister, Mrs.Martha Vimont, and Miss FlorenceVimont, Sunday'A recent issue of the Danville3Iessenger had the following: "MissMargaret Graham Davis, of the Millersburg College, who is pleasantly-remembered as a student at K. C. W.-when she was a small girl, spent the"Easter vacation in Harrodsburg, andcame over to Danville to visit rela--tives.Miss Davis is a pleasant student and athlete and an all-roundsplendid young woman, who will be' Jtteard from in the days to come."The Millbour Theatre was con-ducted as a motion picture show byMr. and Mrs. Tony Zellers, who 'hadsold the lease and were preparingto retire from business. The building was to have been remodeled for-a dry goods store. The Paris firedepartment was summoned about-12:30 o'clock. The building wasr gutted by the time they arrived." The loss was estimated yesterday at: $15,p00, -with reported insurance of$5,000 on the building, and $2,500on the theatre. The fire sprang fromtwo sourjces and incendiarism is sus-.jpected.. Millersburg has again been vis-Ited with a disastrous fire. About 12 If o'clock Wednesday night the alarmof fire was sounded and cries of firerang from the voices of many who- .were in the immediate vicinity. It- was found to be in the Ingels Building, the lower floor being occupiedby the Milbour Theatre and the' flata.bove occupied by Bruce McMahan- a.nd family, Wadell Beeding and" family, and E. T. Beeding, all ofwhom barely escaped with theirvlive$, losing all their household ef"sirlects and clothing, with no insur--tace,.Had it not been that T. E."Bowles was acting as night watch-jnan at the Farmers Bank, there is-no doubt but what there -would have.'.ln a. loss of lives. As it was. thei 5r; .presidents barely escaped in theirgy; fc-s3iight clothes, and Mr. T. G. Beed-ing, who was in the, rear of theflmilding and cut off from the stairway, was removed by ladders beingg placed at the window. All credit isdue tto the Paris Fire Department,who immediately answered the callfor help and made the run in tenminutes and soon had the fire undercontrol. The large plate glass windows in the Farmers Bank andpostoffice were broken from the heat. and had it not been the wind wasblowing in the opposite direction thewhole block would have been des?f troyed. As it is, two of the mostprominent corner buildings of thek 'town are now in ruins, the Sanduskybuilding having burned severalyk.T8 ago.MILLERSBURG COUNTY' HIGHSCHOOL NOTESSchool resumed work MondayafUr taking a week's recess in or-;3iriatucky Educational .AsociationJ!er.Tices conducted at-thegrivev-iat Louisville, which had the largestattendance this year of any year ofits history, extending over a periodof fifty-one years. Bourbon countywas one on the list of counties having an enrolled membership "of100.There Willi be an "Old Fiddlers'Contest" at the High School gymnasium May 7. given " under the au-fspices of the Parent-Teacher Association for the purpose of erecting awireless station on the school premises. The committee on playgroundapparatus, consisting of Misses TomBrown, Will Crouch and HenryBoling, has just succeeded in placing on the athletic field a slidewhich is delighting the small tots(and'some who. are not so small.)Our playrounds is beginning to takeon the appearance of an up-to-datechUdrens' playgrounds, with its merry-goround, giant stride and numerous see-saws with which this goodcommittee 'has furnished it, and thatthe youngsters are enjoying it is attested to'be the fact that the earlymorning hours find them on the playgrounds. Wednesday's Chapel exercises wereconducted by the pupils of Miss Elizabeth Rice, teacher of .Hip sivth'Grade. The little ninv entitle"The School at Hickory Holler,"put on by the pupils, was mirthprovoking from beginning, fb "endand carried older ones back to thedays of the stern, spectacled pedagogues, with the birch rods, nail kegseats and the old gourd dipper. Theprogram was thoroughly enjoyed byevery one present. The visitorspresent were Mesdames J. W. Lancaster, Arnold Case, Dennis McMaban, Ed Hill, J. M. McVey, JohnPurdy, R. c. Bonar, Henry Boling,Nannie Wilson, David Cassity, Eli-zaDetn Reynolds, W. F. Saunders.r " zl '' UftUUUC1B" M' St' ' E ,Hurst Cla Pab-?3.L N:Brown Minnie Rule, JesseI ?!": ?!lm CIaxon' Walter May,Mrs. Wells, W. B. Claypoole, Stroth-er tfanta, Olhe Banta, Hargis BahtaPearl vHill, Will Judy, John Ingels,James Burroughs, Joe Bodkin, E. P.Wagoner, Raymond Taylor, OliverWagoner, John Hill, J. D. Calhoun,Mack Jones, Mrs. Tabb,.0. L. PottsGeorge Bramblette, W. D. Welburn'A. M. Vaught and little daughter,'Salhe Taylor; Messrs. J. M. McVeyDavid Cassity, Dr. H. C. Burroughs!Dr. H. M. Boxley, W. F. Saunders,Tom Thorn, Tom Brown, Rev. WD. Welburn, E. P. Wagoner; MissesCarrie Peed, Lillian Bodkin, GraceAlexander, little Misses Eleanor andDoris Clanon, Ellen Wells, Josephine May, Christine Lancaster, MaryEllen Saunder, Margaret Hurst,Masters Johnny Reynolds, NevilleClanon and Raymond Taylor, andseveral other youthful visitors whosename we could not learn. This isthe largest number of visitors thatany of the grade programs have called out and Miss Rice and pupils areto becongratulated on their successIt was interesting to note that thevisitors ranged in age from fourmonths to four score years.Next Wednesday's Chapel exercises will be conducted by the pupilsof the Seventh and Eighth grades,under the direction of Miss JessieChrisp. The public is cordially invitd to attend these exercises.The "Molly Brown Series" ofbook has been recently add'ed to thelibrary. The series consits of "Molly Brown as a Freshman," "MollyBrown as a Sophomore," "MollyBrown as a Junior," "Molly Brownas a Senior," "Molly Brown's PostGraduate Course," "Molly Brown ofKentucky," and "Molly Brown'sFriends."Mrs. Elmer Claxon and children,of Frankfort, are visiting Prof, andMrs. Russell Jones.DEATHSLife Is ButNA Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayCANTRILLWallace ' Ray Cantrill, twoweeks' old son of Mr ana Mrs. Jas.Cantrill, died Tuesday morning atthe home of his parents, on Seventhstreet, after a brief illness of pneumonia. The funeral was held Wednesday morning at ten o'clock; withservices conducted at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery. hGAY.S. H. Gay, a well-known farmerof near Ewing, Fleming county,died recently at the iomeof hisdaughter, Mrs. Clifton Caywood,near Ewing. -He is survived by twosons, Ollie Gay, of Paris, and JohnGay, of Marion, Indiana, and twodaughters Mrs. Clifton Caywood andMrs. Charles Craig, both of Ewing.The funeral and interment took placeat Elizaville, in Fleming county.FARISFollowing a. protracted illnessdue to a complication of diseases,Mrs. Ethel F.resh Faris, aged fortythree, died at the family home onLilleston avenue, in this city, atfour o'clock Tuesday morning.Mrs. Faris was a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. George T. Fresh, of Newtown, Scott county, and the wife ofDock Faris, of Paris. Besides herhusband and parents, she is surviv-ed-byone son, W. E. Faris, of Paris;and two brothers, Harmon Fresh, ofNewtown, and Harvey Fresh, of Covington. ' ,The funeral was held at. throoo'clock, Wednesday afternoon, within,AlSrlO2:ob touDANGEROUS LIESI he story of a modern marriage that began with one false step. One little unspoken' lie that grew and grew. Until thetruth that at first would have been easy became impossible. .Then Come and see the heart-stirring, events that put twostumbling lives on the way jbo happiness. Cast includes Mary Glynne. Story by E. Phillips Oppenheim; photoplay by MaryO'Connor. 'Also "Perils of Paul" and Pathe NewsTOMORROW, SATURDAYCORINNE GRIFFITH in "Moral Fibre"Magnificent scenes, beautiful gowns, dramatic situations, novel twists, surprises and a clever love story. A big picturewith two stars of the first magnitude.AlsoALAMO, AFTERNOON AND EVENING MONDAY, APRIL 24thMaurice Tourneur The Last "Of the Mohicans"An American drama eternal. By James Fennimore Cooper. Directed by Maurice Tourneur and Clarence L BrownThe story of a Prince without a country. 'SPECIAL MORNING SHOW FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN AT THE GRAND OPERAHOUSE. STARTS AT 10 O'CLOCK jl vrtnM"The Last of the Mohicans' is a classic conceded by critics to be a decided advance in photoplay artan alSforbinjr nhotoplay of historical and educational value that will live when the ordinary entertainment film has passed on. $Also Century Comedy, "Circus Clowns,'1 and Pathe ReviewADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cthe Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch, of which she hadbeen a devoted member. The pall-bearerswere: Dr. J. A. Stoeckinger, H. E.Funk, J. Fred Hill, John Faris, SIWagoner and James Sousby.TALBOTTMiss Allie Talbott, daughter hiMr. and Mrs. James M. Talbott, andone of the best known teachers inHarrison county, died at the home ofher mother, in 'Cynthiana, at anearly hour -Wednesday morning.She is survived by her mother, Mrs.Sue Talbott, four sisters and onebroth er.-The funeral will be held at thefamily Home 'in Cynthiana, this(Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock,with services conducted hy Rev. W:E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. 'The interment "willfollow on the family lot in BattleGrove Cemetery, at. Cynthiana.FINNELI.Judge James B. Finnell, aged SOyears,, died suddenly Wednesdaymorning at his late home on EastJackson street, in Georgetown. Dr.W. H. Coffman, liis attending- physician had been called and was sittingat a table preparing some medicinewhen the Judge fell dead in' 'thechair in which he was sitting.He was born in" Verona, Boonecounty, and was the "son of the lateVardeman and Nancy Finnell. Hiseducation was from Hanover College.His wife, who has been dead: about15 years was Miss Fannie Roberts,of Boone county. He was deputycounty clerk in Boone county for anumber of years, also a practicingattorney. In 1875 he moved toGeorgetown where he was associatedwith W. C. Owens in what for yearswas one of the leading law firms ofthis part of the State,, and later -wasa member of the firm of Finnell &Finnell, being associated with hisson, City Attorney James B. Finnell,Last December Judge Finnell felland broke his hip but he had recovered sufficiently from the accident towalk with the assistance 'of a cane.He is survived by three, children,Robert Finnell,-of Lexington, JamesB. Finnell and Ms, Neville Fisher, ofGeorgetown.LEXINGTON PREPARING POB.SPRING RACE MEETING-.The preparation of the track andgrounds for the racing meetingwhich wil! open, in Lexington onApril 29 is practically completed,and only finishing touches remainto be added here and there."I am further advanced in mywork than ever before at this timeof the year," said Track Superintendent John M. Keegan. 'Racing Secretary W. H. Shelleyarrived from his home in Louisvilleand immediately began to assistResident Manager T. C. Bradley ingetting things in shape for the meeting. Mr. Shelley reported that therewould be a large shipment of horsesto the Lexington track within thenext fed days to participate in themeeting and that the Louisvillethoroughbreds were in excellent con-dition.Some men never,, have any twingesof conscience untii;they begin to f eartheywilKget caught up with. S?1lANOl5:30TODAY,Hall Room Boys Comedy, "We Should Worry"THE SHIRTLESS AGEJudging trom what the old-fashionedaresaying about the knickers some of the more daring and"liberated" of the- fair sex are -wearing,it begins to look as though theimmediate future may be recordedin years farther off as the "skirtlessage." There is almost enough criticism of knickers to make everygirl want to wear them. That theyare sensible will, of course, havenothing to do with deciding whetherknickers are to be only a fad orsomething more.About four years ago, rn the midstSpringValues that are real!fry- -r-Spring Patent Strap Slippers, Tan Oxfords, mediumheels, flat low rubber heels, a grand assortment of styles,special priceLadies' Satin Slippers, Patent Slippers,Tan Lace Oxfords- .11 have n JQrubber heels. Easter Special.... Ju.TUBoys' and Girls' Easter ShoesMisses' and Children's 13.00' Slippers,Newest-Styles Our , & nifprice.... JUKIMen's Spring Oxfords and Shoes, tan andblack, English Brogue styles, & firBlucber styles. - Easter special Ju.uJLittle Gents' and Youths' Tan Shoes forEaster, all sizes 1(T to 2. M QQSpe ci al . 4 I . U 3IIGreat ReductionsParis' Greatest Shoe&Tm Imm&PRAHOpA I A7:00 to T0:30FRIDAY" WITH DAVID POWELLA PARAMOUNT PICTUREof the war, it seems that knickerswere "coming in," To be sure, thesewere a part of the uniform approvedfor war workers. But the femaleccupants of many industrial postsaforetime filled By men arravedthemselves in bilurated garmentsand seemed to like-the change. Perhaps because they- created no sensation and the wearers' apparentlywere not conscious of doing anything that might reasonably 'attract attention was why the affection did not "beconne- general andwas abandoned as soon as the warended.'But the war-tfaie girl evolvedinto the flapper, and the latterShoe 'Extraordinary Money-Saving Opportunity!Latest Spring Slipper Novelties!For Every Member of the Family at Economy PricesCOME HERE THIS WEEKSee the newest styles the wonderful values nowon display and you will Buy better shoes betterstyles at much less prices.EXTRA SPECIALSSmart styles Ladies' Newest...Children's $2.00 Slippers, sizes5 to 11. Special...-:..Men's Tan and Gun Metal Shoes.A real value. SpecialIt Pays toin Ladies' and Men's Walk-OverShoes and Slippers vDAN COHENStoreWhere Beauty3Tseemed determined" to have her sensation. Short skirts were taken asa matter of course; so she is doingwhat naturally, would be supposedto be the next best thing- to do doaway with skirts entirely. So therefs something of a controversy raginganent the propriety of the thing.Conservatives and liberals are having-their serious say, while just ordinary people go their way calmly,unconcerned about the .pltimateissue.It is, at any rate, not worthwhile getting excited' about, sincethe girls will dbastaiey G&oose-any-way:.-7pecials !Ladies Tan and Kid Low Heel Oxfords,$3.50 values. (To JQ,Our price )Z4tlLadies' and Growing Girls Tan and LowHeel Oxfords. & QQExtra Special.. .. $1.93S1.49S2.99Trade at This Store!and Economy Reign. ,5&i.--t "T- -.-- r1 v-.Sv ft-wc "'ri 'W ftiS ;-. .fiefi ! J1TV-""V-vi?r 'L.