Jr.r- -.C- -Vm,3C .': .rff.V. .r-Ui"T' r V .. . . Jt- JT " rJ-T'ABMi&iu n4 413&J V .wrar ' ? .f-Ml. My;!- flft Wlf,i:.. "rPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARI&, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, W224 ' 3H- . ?" VHm. - BHwrB K. HKP.MmMKW?mimfcmmr v t h aw m'FTH & .- " w 4 II . m-9-r- -ia -- i ;- i j-"r j m wwm - m. f . .1 . msm' m h Hmm V V ' m kr t!-rn F;h'u??J:i jfTii..lt!l. . .. s; ... - vHARRISON RESIGNS AS Y. M. C.A SECRETARYMr. C. B. Harrison, secretary ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C.NA., hastendered his resignation to the official Board of the institution, totake effect upon appointment of hissuccessor. Mr. Harrison will go toNewcastle, Indiana, where he willreenter the field as secretary of they. M. C. A.Mr. Harrison came to Paris fromCamp Taplor about four years ago.during which time he has most accetably filled the position of generalsecretary5 of the Y. M. C. A. He hasintroduced many novel and attractive features, and his general aimwas to bring about better' conditionswherever he saw need for it. Heencouraged athletics, the BoyScouts movement, the organizationof a boys' band and many otherfeatures that brought the .local Y.M. C. A. up into the front ranks.He will leave Paris with the bestwishes of all, especially the newspaper men, to whom he was ever courteous and accommodating. His successor is to be chosen at a specialmeeting of the official Board, to beheld soon, and heres hoping thenext one will be asH good as theretiring secretary.o .ALLEGE MOONSHINER ARRESTED At the present rate the questionwill soon have to be asked by Bour"bon county farmers of prospectivetenants, "Do -you propose to have amoonshine still on the premises?"Armed with a search warrantSheriff M. Peale Collier and DeputySheriff James Gibson, Tuesday afternoon, went to the farm of WarrenRogers, on the Cane Ridge pike,"near Paris, and arrested a coloredman named Al Summers, who livedon the farm. After making asearch of the place the officers discovered a complete moonshine still,made of a large can with coils andabout one and a" half-gallons ofmash, which they confiscated andbrought to town with their prisoner.Summers was placed under $500bond for his appearance beforeJudge George Batterton for trial.PARCEL POST SALEThe Sunshine Circle of the Presbyterian church, will have a "Parcel Post Sale" in lobby of the AlamoTheatre, ut ten o'clock to-morrow(Saturday) morning. Miss LucyColville will be in charge. Nothingsold over twenty-five cents."THE PRIDE OF PARIS"THE UNPRECEDENTED DEMANDFOR BROWN HAS CREATED ASCARCITY, v IN WOOL AND - SILKFROCKS t ,.5-THE LEADER ALWAYS CATERSTalTHE AppfeALjORTHE MOMENT' AND. -OFFERS THESE LOVELY-"': .'"'.'i V: ri !WANtElD SHADES--- ':liJust Arrived-aARMBNirs Tin; HE MOSTBROWNSILK AND WOOLFALL DRESSESMUFFIN AND TIFFINDARK BR6WN AND FAWN SHADESJUNIOR GIRLIE MISSESWOMEN-AND STOUT SIZES&i.V &jiaVfiK?m .n ikl OPATC"m. iimvDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, -KENTUCKY .iRichmond will be hos,'t . to thegrand lodge of Odd Fellows of Kentucky, October 9 ,and 10. The program follows: ,- , v ,Monday, October .9, 7:30, p. m,7Regular meeting ,6f Madison LodgeI. 0. O. F., at wljich the grandlodge officers and past grand, officers will confer the" M&ttMT 'degree.Grand Lodge officers are, JBM.B., January, of Paris, grand master; J. C.Helburn, of Eminence, deputygrand master; James Benton ofSomerset, grand warden;. R. G. Elliott, of Lexington, grand secretary;B. J. Durham, of Danville, grandtreasurer; Beckham Overstreet, ofLouisville, grand representative; J.Whitt Potter, of Bowling Green,grand representative. rTuesday, October 10, 8:45 a. m.March from I. O. O. F. headquarters to First Christian church byI. O. O. F. boys' band.9 a. m. At First Christianchurch, invocation by Dr. Homer W.Carpenter; address ofv welcome byMayor William O'Nell of Richmond;response by G. L. Breil, P. G. M. ofKentucky; address on behalf ofMadison Lodge No. 14 by C. C. Wallace, of Richmond; address on behalf of Madison county by JudgeW. R. Shackleford, of Richmond.Benediction by the Rev. W. O. Sadler, of the Methodist church.10:30 a. m. Odd Fellows assemble at armory for business of theGrand Lodge, including election ofofficers.7:30 p. m. Entertainment by- theOdd, -Fellows and Rebekahs at FirstMethodist Qhurch, South, by boys'band and girls' orchestra, to whichonly Odd Fellows and their familieswill be admitted owing to lack ofroom. 'PUBLIC SALE OCT. 12.W. M. Ballard home; six rooms;Sixteenth street; public sale byHarris, Speakes & Harris, Thursday,October 12, 2:00 p. m. See advertisement.' (6-10)ATTA, BOY! THANKS, JIM!(Cynthiana Democrat)Editor Warren Fisher is having.fun with Paris about the conditionof some of its streets, and Paris isinclined to ask what business it isof Carlisle. That's the way. Bourbon is not willing to take advicefrom Nicholas, which on a bond issue of $100,000 succeeded in building six miles of turnpike.-.."v.-4V-v;- --iI. 0. 0. F. GRAND LODGE AtRICHMOND vREV. GREER FLAYS SUNDAYAMUSEMENTS - ? 'Charges that prfze fights promot- .ed by former saloon keepers of Cin-cinnati are weekly attractions at' thebarracks at Fort Thomas'were made jby Rev. C. H. Greer, of 'Fort ThomasT.former pastor of the Paris Methodist iuuuruu, yresiaing eiaer or ine uov- jington district of the. Methodistchurch and member of the executive committee of the State SundaySchool Association, in an address atthe opening session of the convention Tuesday afternoon in Winchester. Rev. .Mr. Greer spoke iff the placeof Rev. Olin D. Green, who was un -LhiP tn ho WOODnt foli. fha Qom0subject assigned to Mr. Green, "Firstthe Kingdom of GBd.""The Kingdom of God is composedof those wlib are loyal, obedient subjects of God," he said. "Multitudesnow manufacture gods to suit them-OfliVflO "K11- -fTliir -rvr1-rt Vrt- rrAc tn.irn,i, fn , rtom -iwrv!eam back t0 the old tie with ris.Heavely Father is a God of greatproportions, and we are under Hishand."You Central KentuckySundayschool folks are up against-a par-k,x. , ,, . , , x. B XT.ticular problem in violation of theSabbath by Sunday base ball and ingambling on base ball games. Everylaw is a blue law to the man whowants to violate it. The same Godwho said, 'Thou shalt not kill,'Thou shalt not steal,' and 'Thoushalt not commit adultery,' wrote onthe same tablet, with the samefinger, on the same mountain to bedelivered by the same man,. 'Thou"Shalt remember the Sabbath day tokeep it holy.' He who wantonlyviolates one will violate the othersif retraints of public sentiment arewithdrawn. I have confidence onlyin people' who regard God becausehe is God."PARIS CITY SCHOOL NOTESSpecial attention of Bourboncounty teachers is called to the extensive courses given in Paris thisyear by the University of Kentucky.The Bourbon county teachers areto meet at the court house at 10:00o'clock and I shall be glad if youwill consider at that time the extensive courses offered by the University. Prof. B. F. Farquhar will give acourse in the English Bible onurday morning at 10 o'clock. Thiscourse will meet every Saturdaymorning at 10 o'clock throughoutthe year and will car4ry six" Univercity credits.Dr. P. K. Holmes, of the University of Kentucky, will give & coursein Hygiene and Health Education.This course will meet at 8:30o'clock every Saturday morningthroughout the year, and will carryfour University credits. This courseis required of every person who isgraduated from the University ofKentucky. It is a lecture courseand requires very little outsidestudy. -' rDr. James Edward Tuthill willgive his famous course in AmericanHistory Tuesday afternoons at 2:30o'clock. This is considered the outstanding history course at the University. These courses are all' glveii at Jth"eParis -High Schools and , they' aregiven t-with the interest andwith the .hope of larger and better"educational opportunities -for theentire county of Bourbon. Iiv otherwords; almost a University education i offered, in. Paris.If you are interested in any ofthese course ' we , cordially" inviteyou. to come. If people ouft in othecounty are not interested and do notexpect to attencTany of them thelecture hours will likely be changedto Weekly afternoons.I shall appreciate it if you willlet me know after your meeting atthe court house Saturday how manyof you expect to attend these courses, in order that we may arrange theaours. xi you want 10 enter jrroi.Farquhar's class I shall be glad ifyou will come Saturday, October 7,as soon after 10 o'clock as possible.LEE KIRKPATRICK,Superintendent of Paris City Schools.o' COMMUNITY SERVICE MEETSAn open session of the Paris Community Service organization will beheld to-night at the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. gymnasium. MissGrace Cruickshank, director of theplayground ' work here during thesummer, will come from Lexingtonto give her report. The writer program will begin with this meeting.b,NEW INCORPORATIONSArticles of incorporation werefiled in the office of the Secretaryof State at Frankfort, Tuesday, bytbje Bourbon Building and LoanAssociation, of Paris, capitalized at$50,0,000.1 The incorporators were:H. jA. Powerj- E. B. January, D. Y.L. Farley, Houston Rion, J TTucker, Junes J-paugherty, "Roy JF.ClendeninVill S. Arnsparger- .andGeorge 'Batterton, all otiFttJg&tBASE BELm -D .TUESDAY'S RESULTS,'5' Winchester 7. 4niana 12, Maysville 3,(t ,. sterlmS 9, Lexingtonirorfeited.)0,-WEDNESDAY'S RESULTSParis 7, Maysville' 5.Cynthiana 1, Mt. Sterling 2.Paris and Mr. Sterling will playat League Park, in Paris this (Friday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock. If1. " "V""4"" "" ,wltull""' auu 1VXU ?S"Tl nf 10fesl?aris becomes the undisputed win-! 1 T 1 T.his "uv,um,cmcm, ouuuiu urmg out a Digcrowd this afternoon.Losing to Mt. Sterling in- thegame at Mt. Sterling, Wednesdayafternoon brought the CynthianaFerrell had the better of the pitcher s duel in the game. The finalscore stood 2 to 1. Ferrell fannedout sixteen batters. Long pitched a. . .. , , lt. ; ti but was outclassed by the Mt. Ster-ling pitching ace. The batterieswere: For Cynthiana, Long andBarker; for Mt. Sterling, Ferrelland Lackey.Miner's wildness in the first inning, walking five batters for tworuns, gave the Paris Mammoths alead that the Maysville Cards couldnot overcome in the game at Maysville Wednesday afternoon. Thoughthey made ten hits in the final threeinnings, the final score tood 7 to 5in favor of the Paris aggregation.The contest was a slugging matchfrom the beginning, eight two-basehits being registered. The battinghonors went to Winger, of Paris,and Margerum, of the Maysvilleteam. Monahan, Winger, Maplesand Resitenburg, of the Paris team,got two-base hits. The game at onetime took on the appearance -thatthat Paris people witnessed hereseveral days ago, when a near-f rHcas was precipitated between someof the players and the umpire. Thebatteries were: For Paris, Rummage and Macke; for Maysville,Miner, Boskins and Connely. Timeof game, 2:30; umpire, Weber.Winchester defeated Paris in aspectacular game played-' on theSat-Uyiuchester grounds Monday, by ascoi'e of 7 to 6. This was the second straight victory for Moss, Winchester's youthful hurler. Practically every man in the Winchesterline-up hit the ball hard, getting atotal of fifteen hits off of Ballou'sdelivery. Bell hit a home run, andDeveraux andfVan Winkle hadthree hits each. Thev batteries were:For Paris, Ballou and Macke: for'Winchester, Moss and Thoss. Ackley umpired.The only game in the Blue Grassi League yesterday was played at Mt.Sterling, when the Essex defeatedthe (Cynthiana pennant aspirantsbyj the close score of 2 to 1. Tlilsresults in' favor of "Paris in theclimb toward pennant honors, placing the Mammoths in the lead.The Cynthiana .Democrat says:"Saturday, Parts released Mueller,pitcher, and-he -joined the Studebakers and pitched .against Cynthianaand won his. game that afternoon.'Tuesday he rquit.:L4Xingtoh jmd - returned to Paris and 'wofr- & -gamefrom Winchester. -What!s yours verdict?" . ' x ' 7The Giants .pf.,-..t 'NationalLeague wonthe- fist game of-thfrworld's series "Vyednesday afternoonfrom the Yankees of. the-American-Leagueby the score of 3i to 2.'- Attendance, 35,000The second game of the world'schampionship- between the NewYork Giants, an3 the New YorkYankees, was called yesterday on account of darkness, with the scoretied, 3 to 3.PRICE'S SAUSAGEWe are now receiving dailyPrice's fresh pork sausage. It isfine. Phone us your order.LOGAN HOWARD.FOOTBALL NOTESThe Richmond Register says:"After their" 10 to 0 victory over theNicholasville eleven last Saturdaythe Dodgers re preparing to takea trip to Paris, where they hope tocontinue their winnings. The gamewith the Paris eleven may be playednext Saturday. This local team, forboys 15 years of age and younger,made quite a record last year andhope to continuetheir good workthis season.1'The Paris High School eleven willmeet the Freshman, team of theUniversity of Kentucky at "threeo'clock, this (Friday) 'afternoon, onHancocfc-Ffeld " "'The same? team-will nUv- the temV-or thVKentucky WfetfeaIf:-, uaOm:, titomthMfttfcX1- "-FREDERICK WAUIS "DOINGTHINGS" IN HEW Y0BK . 'Frederick Ai-Wallis, formerly ofParis, and at present chairman ofthe New York State finance committee, is still ' '-'doing things" in theEmpire Stated 'MrvvWallis' latest work is the collecting of a Democratic fund for usein the coming gubernatorial campaign and seeing that no corruptuse is made of the money. He hasdeclared war in earnest on all fraudtulent election practices, and notwithstanding that Deputy AttorneyGeneral Abraham S.Gilber has beennamed by Governor Miller to "takea peep" at the names of thousandsof dead men which are voted yearly,Chairman Wallis is conducting aninvestigation on his own account.He is rapidly collecting evidenceof the dishonest and incorrect registration lists which are being used,and plans to submit to the nextlegislature bills so framed. as toguarantee clean elections.Mr. Wallis also claims to be accumulating evidence to the effectthat the New York Democrats willredeem the State at the fall election.His latest reports show that he hasalready broken the record inamount of subscriptions for campaign expenses, and he offers this astestimony of the confidence whichreigns in the party.oBOYS' PULL-OVER SWEATERSAll-wool, of course, made byBradley, $4.50 $5 and $6.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.EIRE PREVENTION WEEK vThis is "Fire PreventioWeek,"and it is not too late yet to observeit. Gov. Morrow issued a proclamation calling upon the people of Kentucky to observe the week, urgingKentuckians to "join a nationwide 4-movement of N property inspection,examination of flues, old storagerooms, elimination of inflammablematerial from garrets, etc., and generally inspect your property that itmay not be a menace to your familyand to the property of your neighbor. The proclamation called attentionto the careless use of fire in theopen fields and' woods during thedry season. The people of Parishave been circularized and otherwiseurged to clear away all possiblesources of fire, and the people 6t thecounty are urged to take the sameprecautions.T-".L r """- . 1 -Fashions and Fabrics AlwaysNewJs the aim of the Autumn Suits and howadmirably they succeed is plainly seen inthese new models. Be it simple orelaborate, each is stunning in line, in color, infabric, in trimming or lack of it. You willlike them all. The prices are interestingly- moderate. kW:v&i - 3! s - , 3 Ui;-r,n! LMEfiaTQKrimimvEsm . gT0BACCm,01TMCIEriThe suit of the Co-operative Eux-r j Prley Tobacco Marketing Association -against Garrett Watts, of Fayette -.county which has occasioned' coasiierable comment among tobacco iaea. 'of Central Kentucky,, will J be; called,for trial at the November- term, of .the Bourbon Circuit CourtThis suit arose out- of-WattaV;alleged failure to deliver- seyeiythousand pounds oftobaccoj said to,have been pledged to the Association. The Association' seeks to re- -coyerliquidated damages or $3,500,besides counsel fees amounting to$1,000.The papers in the- case were, served on Mr. Watts by Deputy SheriffJames Gibson, while- he- was on. anT""L. & N. train passingthrough Paris,en route to the Latonia: races the-past spring. v --oBOURBON 1 0ST AMERICAN IEGIONT The Bourbon- Post of the American Legion is called to meet in theCounty Courtroom at 7:30 p.nuSaturday evening-, October 7. This 'will be a very important meeting ofthe Legion. Armistice Day is coming, and' plans should' be made forthe fitting celebration of- the ' day.The Club -rooms are almost readyfor occupancy-and arrangements forfurnishing the rooms should bemade. To avoid conflicting with acommunity meeting which is to beheld Friday night and in the hopeof having a full attendance the timeis -changed from Friday to Saturday -night."Everybody out." Smokes w.and fruit on the program.TRUSTEE APPOINTEDAt a meeting of the creditors ofE. M. Wheeler, who recently filedapetition in bankruptcy held in thecourt house Tuesday morning, James iClay Ward was appointed trustee inbankruptcy. Referee A. M. Cox, ofCynthiana, Referee in Bankruptcyfor this district, was present, at the 'meeting. .oTEACHERS! MEETINGAn informal meeting of theteachers of Bourbon county will t4held in the County Court room atten -o'clock to-morrow (Saturday)morning. Business of importancewill be transacted.,IL "ITSi" - jA.yr .-trVvi -aKJi-1-7 -.iVi'vfi' -,cy -, r.-2a,-lr 9-1- v --- . v . .. y - tJ!. - - - a XSW: ,-VV. -fU s-- , -tj - ." - -t -?1; - --fc:Ar?-.- "it7I . -V. -& ,i.rtV-i, Xit S t v ",". " -,- i-y,-?.jfjrr y k ,. JT ytS"w v- - t .- -- T i;r Jtf c-1r ,.'itf-i "ifHIjr-iii-T2"SPAGE TWO -vm I0K'-VTHE BOURBON NEWSled 18fiT-41. Years of Continuous Publicationed ETery Tuesday and FridayJTear $2.006 Months $L00Payable Cash in Advance.CWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.'at the Paris, Kentucky,fiiUie as ilall Matter of the'lapsed Class.)OU FOREIGN EEPESENTAVTIVES.Wew York American Press Asso-"Ckicago Lord & Thomas.JPiuladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.fttkiitt Massengale. Adv. Agency'Cincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLtmisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESEKaplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfor first time; 50 cents per inchjMtck. subsequent insertion.,b Reading Netices,, 10 cents per linerh keue; reading notices in blacktrP, 20 cents per line, each iss.Cards of thanks, calls on canditfjitce, obituaries and resolutions andimila.r matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements s.nd yearly contracts.Tie right of publisher is reserveddecline any advertisement or4tker -matter for publication.Announcements for political officestaust invariably be accompanied byCke e&sh.Axy erroneous reflection upon theJekxracter, standing or reputation offuiy person, firm or -corporationirktcb. may appear in the columnsmC THS BOURBON NEWS will bemlAXv corrected if brought to thefetation of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSHbeci chauffeurs fail 'To -cnend their ways,Sea.fi them to jailFor xty days."Why are the pretty girls ofJParis like wild cherries?" asks af Paris bachelor. Well, we would say"that it is because they make you,pucker up your lipg. Are we right?JA pint of bootleg hootch, my manr3Cay os. your seeing put a ban;You'll take this hint:if you are"Vise:3Pass up the drinks that paralyze.When you see a woman with oldfsh. face and blood bay hair youkaow that she was aiming at aTitian tint and the appearance ofttwenty-three, but laid itf On tooSkickiy." .Said a pretty Paris girl the otheray to her father: "Papa, I wantone of those long fejt hats' TheladulgeB.t father forked over themoney,' and now her head fills ajferag felt want,jPiarsnip wine, they say, is fine, ,I never liked the parsnip)J3nt if its wine is 30 darned fine1 I may have misjudged aJForUiy vegetable.A Piiladelphian who was jiltedy girl fifty years ago committedmucide the other day. a' man-vaarimg socks with" holes in 'emftaaUy becomes rashly importunate,fwaxy of breath.A. Vm 9Tke "Michigan educator who saysjttes should be smoked in asked is in need of a completertiom. Inflaming the feelings .ofm. licklgant editor is not as desfructire as burning a barn.- . wken a man - buys -, a suit of C- esletfees made of cloth that was imported despite the barrier tariff hewill know he's paying for the wall,mm a feel that he had it built by acontractor on the cost plus plan.Scientists say the best brain food2s corn meal, so, if you wishflatter the newspaper man byiome delicate allusion to his mentalcapacity, all you have to do is tocall him a mush-head then run.m aJazz music is being urged by someprison reformers as a source ofdiversion for penitentiary inmates.LiLother blow at the Constitution.JIave they forgotten that clauseAbout cruel and unusual punishnent"? "m" m"When to the movie we gaily goOC notices we seeA wondrous brood"Which say ".how goodfFfce film next week will be.Sometimes one week is rather bleak-3Bml patrons all agreeTic unierstood how very goodThe film, next week will be."Pain may be dispelled, according" Cane, "by saying rapidly: "Itmmmmm. It paaMsT it passes." Possi-flbty, Ht- the follow who can say4kat wiiem ke takae tke nailand& kit Outsat with the hammer, U-atf." emrrthe sort of fellow who could say, :with equanimity, "Let it hurtlet it'hurt, let it hurt."Most of the good old sources ofjokes are now banned, and to add toour dejection, theweather is so so-lubrious that nobody conies alongwith that old gag: "Have you gotyour overcoat out of soak?"The b,oys met in the barn the dayWas big to them with fate,For whether or not to "hookey" playWas the subject of debate.'Twas put to vote, the chairman'sthroat,Proclaimed "The ayes have xihose!"But a skunk came in with an extravoteAnd gave it to the. nose!Don't break away from yourpastures for untried fields. Everycommunity affords a commercialpasture in which can be found something to fill every want. The homemerchant is the pasture from whichevery citizen should fill his wants.Those who choose to break throughthe barrier and shop in non-homeproductive stores are the losers andthe community next.MORAL Never rush from greenpastures into barren fields.What about the person who paysan admission to see the movies, andwho, before the feature" is ended,begins to climb over other folks whodesire to see the finish of the performance, but whose pleasure is destroyed because of the mad rush of aconsiderable number, to whom itmeans more to be the first out thanto get their money's worth. Whew,that's a long sentence, but we justhad to say it. Please have a heartand keep your seat until the "show"is ended. " -Keep watch of your words, dearpeople,For words are wonderful things;They are sweet like bees freshhoneyLike bees they have terrible sting,They can bless, like the warm, gladsunshine,And brighten a lonely life;They can cut, in the bitter contest,Like an open, two-edged knife.Appearances are so deceiving,dear people! Wednesday at nooli aman, woman and a young girl, thelatter attired in the height of pres"-ent-dayfashion, got out of a biglimousine in front of Oberdorfer'sdrug store. The girl was a visionof loveliness, with a complexion absolutely faultless, free from the leastsuspicion of drug store or beautyparlor cosmetics. Her eyes were deeppools of sunshine and ' innocence,and grace marked her every movement. The charming creation ofwhite in which she was . envelopedserved to enhance her exquisitebeauty. When ..she smiled it waslike a burst of sunshine after astorm, and her pearly teeth gleam.ed through rosy lips. She was theperfection of lovely womanhood. Asthey left the car, the elderly woman,presumably her mother, called herattention to a spot on her otherwiseimmaculate skirt. And then whatdid this peerless young beauty dobut shock the bystanders by exclaiming in a voice that drippedsweetness: "Naow, mam,, whur'd Igit that there at?"QUIT TOBAQCOSo Easy To Drop 'Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HabitNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break the habit. Whenever youhave a longing for a smoke or chew,just place a harmless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire stops. Shortly the habit iscompletely broken, and you are better off mentally, physically, financially. It's so easy, so simple. Geta box of No-To-Bac and if it doesn'trelease you from all craving for tobacco in any -form, your druggistwill refund your money withoutquestion. x (F-tf)o-- THE ACID TESTThe biggest blessing of any community is its banks and the conser-vative men at their heads. Theyare guardians of our financial existence and welfare, aiming at alltimes toward Security. Can you imagine the man, who has fallen preyto one of the-"many disposers of valueless stocks and bonis, seekingfinancial relief?- Then is when helearns only too late that he hasbeen victimized of his" earnings,whereas, a few minutes consultationwith his home banker would havemade him secure for 11 times hadhe sought and accepted his advice.MORAL Consult our home bankers first, he is our neighbor andfriend.: OIf There ad Ittn No War.If the world had been without wars,tr tpldemlcs since the year 138 A.-D.,statistics show that the present pop-mlatlon of over 1,500,000.000 couldJ have descended from a single coupleat Uiat time.,:rSSundaySchool' Lesson T(By REV. P. B. F1TZWATER, D. DTeacher of English Bible in the MoodyBible Institute of Chicago.)Copyright, 1922. Weitrrn Newspaper Untom.LESSON FOR OCTOBER 8THE BIRTH AND CHILDHOOD OFJESUSLESSON TEXT Luke 2:1-20; 40-52.GOLDEN TEXT And Jesus increasedin wisdom and stature, and in favor withGod and man. Luke 2:52.REFERENCE MATERIAL Matt. 1:18;2:23.PRIMARY TOPIC The Boy Jesus.JUNIOR TOPIC The Boyhood of Jesus.INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICJesus at Home and at School.YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICThe Religious Training of the Young.I. The Birth of Jesus (vv. 1-7). .1. Time of (vv. 1-3). It was at atime when the Jews were coming un-rder the lloman power. It was a mostpropitious time for the introduction ofthe gospel. The whole world was under one rule, making it possible forministers to go from place to placeeasily and without' molestation.2. Place of (vv. 4-6). Bethlehem, as theprophet had foretold 700 years before(Micah 5:2). God moved the emperorto enforce the decree of taxation intime to cause Mary to be at Bethlehem.3. Circumstances of (v. 7). His surroundings were of the-most humblesort. The Almighty Creator condescended to take upon himself humanity to be born in a manger, becomingthe poorest of the poor that none mightbe hindered from coming to Him.II. The Birth of Jesus Announced(vv. 8-20).1. To Whom (vv. 8, 9). The shepherds who were watching over theirflocks by night. The glorious gospelmessage was first given to laboringmen.2. By Whom (v. 9). The first gospelsermon was preached by the angel ofthe Lord. The angels have part inmaking known the gospel to lost men.These glorious beings no doubt deeplysympathize with fallen, sin-cursed men.3. The Nature of the Message (vv.10-14). It was good tidings of greatjoy. It was good tidings because theWay of salvation was about to beopened for all Jew and Gentile. Soglorious was this news that a multitude of the heavenly host accompaniedit witlr a song of praise. It is throughJesus Christ that God's kindness andgood will are made known to man.4. The Shepherds Witnessing (vv.15-20). They made a prompt investigation of the angel's message. -III. The Child Jesus Growing (w.40-52).Jesus Christ was divine, but Hisdeity did not interfere with His development as a human being. The processes"-ofhis physical, mental and spiritual growth were the same as thoseof any normal human being.1. Jesus Tarrjing Behind at Jerusalem (vv. 40-43). At the age of twelveyears a Jewish child took his place asa worshiper in the temple, for he wasconsidered a "child of the law." Beingconscious of His mission when Hismother and Joseph were returningfrom attendance at the'Passover, Jesuslarried behind to enter the temple andinquire into the meaning of the ordinances of. God's house.2. Jesus Found In the Temple (vv.44-47). When His mother and Josephhad gone some distance on their journey they perceived that Jesus wasmissing and sought for Him amongtheir kinsfolk and acquaintances. Notfinding Him there they returned toJerusalem, where, they found Him inb,e Umpje., (1) H was, "sitting" (v.46), showing tha.t He -was no passingvisitor or' sightseer. He was perfectlyat' home In His Father's house. (2)He c Ws . "htarjni , (v. ' 46) , He washearing; the teachers.of God's Word.This shows that He was eager to learnGod's will. (3)- He asked questionsr, 46). His growing mind was inquisitive. It more than received what wastaught ; it inquired after. (4) He answered questions (v. 47). His answersshowed great wisdom, such as to astonish those who heard Him. Yet weshould not surmise that He was consciously displaying His wisdom. Itwas not an exhibition of His divinewisdom, but the expression of theworkings of a perfect human mindsuffused by the Holy Spirit.3. Mary's Complaint vv. 48-50).She remonstrated with Him for Hisbehavior. To this He replied in ftdignified, yet tender manner. He madeno apology, showing that He was morej than the son of Mary,4. Jesus' Obedience (v. 51). ThoughHe was fully conscious of His divinebeing and mission, He lived a life offilial obedience.5.- Jesus' Development (v. 52). (1)Mental. He'increasedv in wisdom." '(2) Physical. He "increased in stature." (3) Spiritual. He 'increasedin favor with God and man."Wisdom to Be Desired.Wisdom is better than rubies; andall the things that may be desired arenot to be compared to it. Proverbs8:11.Xht Truly Valiant.The truly valiant dare everythingexcept doing any other body an Injury. Sir P. Sidney.Happiness.Action! may not "always 'bring happiftess; but there Is no happiness without action. Disraeli. -THEBOURBTW&PAJttfe OTIIK tfg- ' "'rJ5te,LPn:MILLION VISITTHREE SHRINESFigure Yearly Total in Pilgrimages to Washington and Lin- coin, Memorials.MANY, CLIMB BIG MONUMENTBig Share of Guests in National Capital Make Trip to Mount VernonRecently Completed LincolnMemorial Popular.Washington. More than 1,000,000persons make pilgrimages each year toWashington's home, Mount Vernon,the. beautiful Lincoln memorial and theWashington monument, the latter being the most popular of the threeshrines among visitors to the nationalcapital.Visitors numbering 34,113 went during July to the tfp of the Washingtonmonument, located a few hundredyards south of the White House. Morethan one-fifth of them clambered upthe. 898 steps in order fo see the memorial tablets on the various landingsinside the shaft. The remainder rodeto the top In the electric ' elevatorwhich has a capacity of 35 persons.More than 5,250,000 people' have visited the top of the monument since itwas opened for observation purposesOctober 9, 1888. No entrance fee ischarged.Lincoln Memorial Popular.The Lincoln memorial, recently completed and opened to the public, wasvisited by 31,383 persons during July.Located in Potomac park, directlywest of the Washington monument, Itis rather Inaccessible for pedestrians;visitors" usually go there by automobile. On a recent Sunday 2,000 persons were recorded as entering thegreat building. It is rapidly becominga shrine for tourists. No entrance feeis charged.Washington's old home at MountVernon on the Potomac river In Virginia, 16 miles from Washington,, longhas been the mecca of pilgrims fromevery part of the world, who go bysteamboat, electric train and automobile. Kept as nearly in its originalstate as possible by the Ladles MountVernon association, it is a delight toall Americans. During July approximately 29,000 persons visited MountVernon and during the year admissionsnumbered. 230,000. The proceeds of a25-cent entrance fee help keep the estate in first-class condition.The house where Abraham Lincolndied, located opposite Ford's theaterat 516 Tenth street, Northwest, thiscity, is another shrine visited by manytourists. It was bought by the UnitedStates in 1896 for 30,000.WOMAN ONCE RICH, A VAGMrs. Cisette Calzabina Unable toFind Relatives After UnfortunateForeign Marriage.New York. Mrs. Cisette Calzabina,Jthlrty-five, once a woman of wealthand position, according to the reportof a probation officer, was arraignedin Essex Market court on a chargeof vagrancy.Patrolman Reilly of the. Mercerstreet station arrested her when hefound her sleeping In a hallway at 124Macdougal street. v -The probation oBjeeVsstory was tothe effect that Mrs. "Calzabina wasborn of wealthy parents, In Denverand that after studying music in NewYork and European cities, she marTied an Italian, wtojo deserted her.riien sne was not able to find herrela'tives, the misfortunes of her married life having "weakened her mind,'"the pfneer said. t, - r'ifaristrate Rvttenber' "adjournedthe case and sent' the' prisoner to the .Waveriey home.'Missing link' hunters sailCaptain Salisbury Accompanied byDaughter and Motion Picture MenLeave for Malay Peninsula.San Francisco. Capt. Edward A.Salisbury, scientist, left San Franciscoon a steamer for the Malay peninsula,where he will search for what hasbeen termed in science 'ithe missinglink."Accompanying Capt. Salisbury wereM. C. Cooper, formerly a lieutenant colonel In 'the aviation corps of the United States army; Duke Zeller, experienced explorer; Edward Burghard ofColumbia university, New York; MissDorothy Salisbury, the explorer'sdaughter, and two motion picture men.Captain Salisbury said rumors hadcome across the Pacific ocean fromtime to time about a tribe of whitemen in the jungle of the Malay archipelago who had short, vestigial tails.Feed Convicts on 17.7 Cents Daily. JOssining, N. Y. According to Warden Lewis E. Lawes, the cost of feeding prisoners at Sing Sing' prison forAugust was 17.7 cents a day for eachman, or 5.9 cents a meal. Pastry andpudding are included in the menu several times 'a week. .Catch 714-Foot Eel.Taftville, Conn. A party of localfishermen at Tadpole pond landed 138pohnds of bullheads the other night,three eels that welghed-more than tenpounds and several perch. At a pointbelow Butt-bridge they caught a tur -tie weighing 50 pounds and-bn 1am-1 prey eel teven and one-half ftfi long,M0ikir's:4brisTXATi0KPlOLtFIC OF COLONELS.Possibly no Kentucky Governorhas commissioned more Kentucky(Colonels than Governor Morrow,and he has about a year yet toserve. During his incumbency theGovernor has Jbeen. very generous inconferring the honorary rank amonghis friends in? all parts of the State,with the f e&ult that he has a goodlylot of staff Colonels for any emergency. In later year Kentucky Governorshave appointed indiscriminately,often at the solicitation of theirfriends 'who "desire to convey a compliment;. FQrmerJy the colonelcyappointments were less numerous,arid ft was tactily understood thatthose" honored would equip themselves with a dress uniform and appear in full regimentals and gold;iace with the Governor at Statefunctions.Now, however, it is a rarity to seea Kentucky Colonel in .battleshiporder. The new staff officer gets aberibboned commission bearing, thegreat seal of the State and is dub-fbqd "Colonel' for a while, and thatig the last of it. The Governor rarely sees them, and probably wouldnot know them it he did.Making hay while the sun shineshas its counterpart in making Colonels while tilth-Legislature is insession. It is then that the Governor is importuned by the solons toconfer the coveted rank on theirconstituents, which generally hedoes, and. new Colonels are turnedout as fast as the necessary commissions can be executed. The Kentucky Colonel long has "been an institution, and his numbers are notdestined to grow less.o1 PUT STOMACH INORDER AT ONCE'Pape's Diapepsin" forGas, Indigestion orSour StomachttltMIIMMIM ItlMt ItMMMMMttMMIInstantly! Stomach corrected!You never feel the slightest distressfrom indigestion or a sour, acid,gassy stomach, after you eat a tablet of "Pape's Diapepsin." The moment it reaches the stomach allsourness, flatulence, heartburn,gases, palpitation and pain disappear. Druggists guarantee eachpackage to correct digestion at once.End your stomach trouble for fewcents. (adv-F)REVIEW OF POULTRY ANDMARKETSEGGReceipts of poultry, especially ofspring chickens, continue to showan increase, which is seasonal. Because of the large supply, priceshave declined somewhat. Indications point toa very large crop tobe marketed the next three months.There is a light supply of fresheggs and the price tendency is upward. Fine new laid eggs are indemand' and command top prices.Creamery butter production showsa slight increase in some sectionson account of better pasturage conditions. A good demand prevailsand the market is steady.r-o r. ,HEART TO HEAXT TALKThe affair? of the citizens of' acommunity are the affairs of thelocal merchants: it is their businessto keep in touch with the prosperity, as well as the unavoidable contingencies that befall the averagefamily. They are, worth-whitejudges of thosewhc are, or who arenot deserving; I? time of need. Youneed themjtnd they need you tomake your community a success.Co-operate withvthem and you willshare in the prosperity, contentmentand happiness that exist in a prosperous community.- MORAL In time of presperitythink of adversity.uccess consists or navmg otnerswisnthey were you.INTERURBAN TIMETABLE'Paris to LexingtonLexington To Paris7:05 a. m. . 6:00 a. mr8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. j 10:00 a. m.12:05 pm. . 7" 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. 0 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. ,4 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. m " 2:00 p. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. ,, 6:0D p. sa.7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m!8:15 p. m. 7:t9 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:56 p. m. -- 11:00 p. xa.Cash Fare, COc: Ticket Fart, F4cCommutation 62 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, sinrls trim or lataantlUtft, data unlimited, sola be-itw U aolata at reduced rata.spamrcXY TJULCTIOJI 4 TMMzHDTAt CO.j3tIDAYr 0CT0B1R t, -1122Three Out ef One.Itemnants of the ice agexare particularly interesting In the Rocky Mountain National park, where ''huge valleyshave been plowed out through countless ages, possibly 5,000,000 years ago.Glaciers transformed what was a single mountain mass into three peaksLong's, Meeker and Lady Washingtonas they are known, with Long's rising J;o an elevation of 14,255 feet, ornearly three miles above sea teeL, Dally TnouQM.It Is unwise to be miedless ourselveswhile we are giving advice to others.PhaedrusWANTED.Saleslady, must be over 16 and ofgood character. No experience necessary. We teach you.C22t) S. H. KRESS & CO.FOR SALTFour antique chest drawers,in first-class condition.HENRY SLADE,' 509 W: Pleasant St.,All(3-6)Cynthiana, Ky.LOSTLeather bill fold, check book anda lot of freight expense bills. Somewhere between Second street andEast Main street. Finder return toM. J. MURPHY.rxFOR SALERhode Island Red pullets andSussex cockerells. Call Cumberland Phone 253.MRS. OLLIE C. HEDGES,Route 8, Paris, Ky.(26-tf)IPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916, CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Klser, President3. L. Weathers, Vice Pr 4if tW. TO. Mitchell, CaskferJno. W. Yerkee. Asa't CasfctofrDma Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNEMb-lKiTSVENINCS8FJust History'iiIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame. "In I860In Crinoline hright,She greeted jier gnestiBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does panHer home was litBy flickering Gas.-But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a bittenAnd has Electric. light.IParis Gas & Electric Co.AMmmASUB. C i0kM(ecf-tf)-i "" ,-yv-43f '&j$$f:. ct --r. S1 -" ;4ev-$-- j.v5- "--7J:-"r15: ' .V" r .t ?U. T.-.'.,W.f. - "-2 -".i- is-x-e'- v J?J k i If-2-5,r' --tn ".jr' ,"w,- "-A. -- - fE- -'"VsrM VFRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1922T"THE BOURDON JKFWS. VaRIS, RBNtIJCKI, -T- . - . ". . r r PACTTHKpr -V 1iTANLACNature's Tonic Medicineends stomachtroubles andbuilds you up30 Million Bottles SoldAsk Any Good DruggistCENTER'S OPPORTUNITYCentre College has received anextension of the time in which. tomeet the terms under which it mayobtain $200,000 from the GeneralEducation Board in New York. Thetime limit under which the offervas made ended July 1, hut the extension gives unjil the end of nextDecember. The requirement is thatCentre raise a fund of 300,000 forits endowment.Centre is a Presbyterian Collegein the sense that it has been endowed largely by Presbyterians. Butit is a Kentucky college in thebreadest sense. Its scholastic, aswell as its athletic fame, has reflected credit on Kentucky and onKentuckians. Centre needs endowment to "enable it to keep pace withits. increasing prestige. The facilities ate insufficient to meet the demands of enlarging attendance.The million-dollar .campaign forChristian education in Kentuckywill have the -care of the raising ofthe fund. The principal solicitationwill be among Presbyterians, buteverybody is invited to show appreciation of the alma mater of somany of Kentucky's men of note.Aside from all sentiment, it willbe good business for Kentucky torespond liberally to the request formoney for Centre. Success will showthat Kentucky is alive to offersfrom outside sources. It will showan aggressive and enterprisingspirit. It will-enable Centre tocompete more successfully withthe richly endowed colleges of otherStates and this will mean that Kentucky boys will not be under pressure to go away from this State toreceive advanced education. .Kentucky is a proud State. It isproud of Centre. The endowmentoffered affords Kentuckians achance to show that State pride isbased on present ability as well ason memory of past achievement.DYE A SWEATER :AND SKIRT WITHDIAMOND DYESEvery "Diamond Dyes" packagetells how to dye or tint any worn,faded garment or ' drapery a newrich color that will not streak, spot,fade, or run. Perfect home dyeingis guaranteed with Diamond "Dyeseven if you have never dyed before.Just tell the druggist whether thematerial you wish to dye is wool orsilk, or whether it is linen, cotton,or mixed goods. For fifty-one yearsmillions-of women have been using"Diamond Dyes" to add .years ofwear to their old, shabby waists,skirts, dresses, coats, sweaters,stockings, draperies, hangings, everything! (adv)o"UNITED WE STAND"There is nothing of greater importance to us than the prosperityof our community. Prosperity athome is based on local conditions.Let us get together for a bettertown by working in a spirit of harmony and co-operation.Not only should we promote thebusiness success of the people andinterests of the town in general; butshow our appreciation of havingthe chance to provide for ourselvesthe necessities' of life through theprosperity of our town.The old motto of "United WeStand" should appeal to us as being necessary to encourage what isbest for our town, for without unitywe can accomplish nothing.MORAL Don't upset the HomeTown Wagon by pulling in differentdirections.EEEUHATISilDo you know that rheumatismcan bo cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS.(10-tf) . Mila, lad.oA Maine hunter who crawledthrough a fence with a shotgun wasfound six days-later.A little le.rainrisa dangerousthin, hnt too .ut Wven't reachedriter"ENDAYS OF ATTUrLANG.SYNE."There's no denying that to mostof. us there is a certain satisfactionin reviewing, the events of long ago,as they are presented to us, eithercasually, or by force of some reminiscerit strain of the moment. Andto those who lived here in. the longago the recalling of events" in. 'theold days of Paris affords a 'peculiarsatisfaction all its own. They, perhaps, more than we who havegrown used to the old place, willappreciate these items, taken atrandom from a dopy qf TkH$ BOURBON NEWSTf Friday," Avprif "8,1882.:- Everybody in town has an opening to-morrow. THE BOURBONNEWS will even open its books tocredit subscriptions.A. T. Forsyth, auctioneer, sold atpublic sale Wednesday, the farm ofthe late Benjamin Bowen, of 376acres near Kiser's Station) to H. C.Bowen, at $40 per acre.The latest of the two hundrednew "cars for the Kentucky CentralRailroad were received from thefactory last week. The railroad isnow very fairly equipped.The city of Paris was fined $100and costs Wednesday by the Commonwealth for permitting -thestreets blockaded by colored folks infront of some up-town saloons.Ever thoughtful of the public'swants, and for the thorough diffusion of the valuable information, westop the press a moment to announce' that Dr. Charlie Fithian,Billy Shaw, Jr., and Mildred Kenney didn't usher any at the circus.C. Webling, the butcher, willmove in a few days to the buildingnow being reported by John T. Hinton, on the corner near the ThurstonHouse, opposite Hill's marble works.The City Council convened in extra session Wednesday night, -andre-licensed all the saloons in thecity. They contemplate adding another deputy marshal at an earlydate, we understand.John Aviritt, son of Mrs. Aviritt,of this city, has charge of a sheepranch near Tombstone, Arizona. Hewrites back that sheep are sold at25 cents each, and chickens as highas $1.25.A Nicholas county man at the cir--jcus Tuesday, remarked "the reasonthis show didn't go to Carlisle, wasthat there wasn't level groundenough to set the big tents on."Cynthiana and Carlisle only sentfour or five representatives to thegreat Barnes revival, but sent largedelegations to the circus. There'snothing like taste, you know.McCreary, from Boyd's Station,while drunk, fell off the secondporch of the , Bourbon House to thepavement, Tuesday night, and wasconsiderably bruised. He is stillconfined o his room.POSTED!1 hereby forewarn all persons, thatmy farm is posted,' and all 'tresspassers either hunting or fishing on mypremises will be prosecuted to theextent of the law. ,My friends will please not ask theprivilege of violating my positiveresolution.JESSE TURNEY.,. Yesterday, evening as the Maysville passenger train was backing upto the junction, Rudolph Davis, atwelve-year-old son of Geo. W.Davis, of this city, jumped from thetrain when passing the freightdepot, struck a clearing post whichtiirpw him down. In the fall, one-arm fell under the wheels, whichcut the hand off near the wrist.The great circus of Sells Bros,showed to about 6,000 persons ateach of their entertainments Tuesday. This is about the only circusthat has ever shown in our city thathas come fully up to the pictures onthe walls. Its immensity cannot beexcelled by anything in the show"line now on he road. This company's receipts average about $5,000 per day, which leaves quite amargin for -profits after deductingtheir expenses, which are about $1,-500-perdav $500 of which is foradvertising alone.The 63 rd anniversary of Odd Fellowship was celebrated by BourbonLodge No. 23, Wednesday night attheir hall in this ciy at which afair crowd listened to the exercisesof the 'evening. An impromptuchoir composed of a score of youngladies and gentlemen of ,the city,kindly favored the exercises withsweet . music. Emmett Dickson, atalented member of the Order, and ashining light of the Paris bar, delivered the welcome address in a fewwell-timed remarks appropriate forthe occasion, after which Prof. H.R. Blaisdell, Principal of the CitySchool, read a condensed history ofBourbon Lodge. Following the history of Bourbon Lodge, W. H. Hblt,Grand Master of Kentucky, entertained the audience in air-address ofone hour, on "True Odd Fellowship," which was replete withthoughts altogether foreign to theold. manner "of society addresses onsimilar occasions, which was wellreceived by the brotherhood.USEES OF ADDING laCHTNESFor your convenience we are -nowcarrying a stock of the. best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a- dozen at a time, Thisis a hub iwcu uuuu vi -lately liatlees.PERSONALSMrs. James B. Dempsey isp visiting her son, J. Irvine . Dempsey, inHazard.Fred Soper, of Danville, Indiana, is a guest of friends and relatives in this city. ,Mrs. J. J. Haggard, of Paris, isa guest of Mrs. W. O. -Parrish andD. C. Dunnigan, in WinchesterMiss Louise Glass has returnedto her home in Versailles after avisit to Mrs. James Douglass, in thiscity.Mrs. R. H. Davis, of Wisconsin,is visiting her .- brothers,- Harry,Boone and, Grover Baldwin, in thiscity. ' -Mrs. Jerry Keller, of Paris, isthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. John Keller, and Mr. and Mrs. Joe Keller, inMt. Sterling. ""Seymour Wilson has returned.to his home in New York after. avisit to friends and relatives ' in rthiscity and county. "Mrs. Sam Kennedy is a patientat, a Lexington hospital, where sheunderwent a surgical operationseveral days ago.Mrs. Elmer NDetherage has returned to her home in Winchesterafter a visit to Mrs. James J. Haggard, near Paris.Cassius M. Clay, of New York,is visiting his mother, Mrs. CassiusM. Clay, at "Auvergne," on the Winchester road, near Paris.Mrs. B. C. Glass, of Durham,North Carolina, is a guest of herson, E. W. Glass, and Mrs. Glass, attheir home on Pleasant street.-Mr. and Mr. C. R. Burgesshave returned to their home inGeorgetown after a visits to friendsand relatives in Paris and Millersburg.' Judge T. L. Caudill, of Frenchburg, was a guest of his daughter,Miss Inez Caudill. secretary of theBourbon County Red Cross Chapter,Tuesday and Wednesday.James Douglass, Jr., has returned from a" vacation stay Sof severaldays with his brothers, Wallace andMarion Douglass, at Middletown,Kentucky. rGeorge Rassenfoss, Jr., formerlyof Paris, is a patient at the MaryChiles Hospital, in Mt.Sterling.where he recently underwentanoperation.Miss Laura Belle Smith, ofParis, has been announced as one, ofthe "pledges" of the Beta Chapterof the Alpha Delta Theta fraternityof Kentucky University.Mrs. Dan Moore, of Harrodsburg, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Charlton Alexander, and Mr. Alexander, .at their home on the Bethlehem pike, near Paris.Miss Mayme Collins has returned from Carlisle and Winchester,where she hag been spending hr vacation, and has resumed her position with the Paris Home TelephoneCompany.Mrs. Maggie Rogers McClintock, of Paris, was a guest this.week of her mother, Mrs. Lou EvansRogers, in Georgetown. Mrs. Rogers also has as guest h'er son, EvansRogers, of-St. Paul, Minn.Mrs. Louis Turner, who hasbeen visiting her mother-in-law,Mrs. Edward Turner, near Paris,was summoned by a telegram to herformer home in Los Angeles, Cali.,informing her of the serious illnessof her mother,. Mrs. Forbes.- Richmond Register: "Mr. andMrs. Drake Thompson, Jr., of Paris,were recent guests of the latter'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Perry. . . .Dr. L. E. Kidwell has gone fora ten-days' vacation, with'a party ofyoung people from Paris, Blue Licksand Louisville, who have chartereda motor boat and will spend thetime fishing in the Kentucky river."Winchester Sun: "Mrs. ClaySutherland, of Paris, was a guestTuesday of her father, Mr. ClaytonStrode. .. .Rev. C. H. Greer, formerpastor of - the Paris Methodistchurch, was a visitor at the Kentucky Wesleyan College, Tuesday.He and his daughter, Miss ElizabethGreer, were dinner guests of Rev.and Mrs. W. E. Arnold, at theirhome on College avenue, Tuesday."Hon. John S. Smith, of Indianapolis, Ind., formerly practicing attorney in Paris, and Commonwealth's Attorney for this district,is visiting his daughter, Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire, and Mr.Shropshire, at their home on theGano Hill pike, near Paris. Mr.Smith, who fell and fractured hiship some time ago, is improvingnicely. He is being warmly wel-corned by his old friends and formerassociates here.At a meeting .-of the KentuckyHistorical Society, held in FrankfortTuesday, Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, waschosen as a member of the . Executive Committee. The committee, aspresent constituted, is composed ofMrs: Cassius M. Clay, Paris; H. V.McChesney, Mrs. Cannon, Mrs. Witherspoon, Mrs. George Barker, ' Mrs.J. P. Hobson, K F. Johnson, Frankfort; Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, Lexington; R. C. Ballard Thurston, Louisville; Lucien Beckner, Winchester.(Other Personals nn Page 5 JNEW AUTO OWNERSv The Franklin Motor Company, ofLexington, reports'' the . sale! of aFranklin touring car" to ClayCostegan, of Paris; and a Franklin. SedanI to Mrs. James B,t Stiversv off Paris.c It willb,a fineVwinUr-rf or theVEETAHERS INCREASE THEIRADVERTISING SPACE ,According to Homer O. McCabe,executive secretary of the Wisconsin Retail Clothiers Association,clothing merchants all over theState Nhave increased their advertising budgets during the last year.In Milwaukee alone, it is estimatedthat retailers have bought 25 percent more space in 1922 than theydid at this time a year ago'.In Madison, Jamesville, Racine,Beloit, Superior and other cities,clothiers have increased their advertising appropriations as much as75 per cent. Perhaps the most outstanding example of far sightednessis the Hurley-Reilly Company, ofMilwaukee. Peter A. McBride, headoiS the firm and president of theState clothiers, increased the store'sannual expenditure by 100 per cent.In the smaller towns of the Stateretail. clothiers are maintaining thesame volume of adverting as lastyear, but are putting it up in theform of co-operative movement. Circulars and pamphlets are being sentout once or twice a week in conjunction with the daily or semiweekly -newspapers of the town.CONFEDERATE RANKS IN SOUTHTHINNING OUTOnly 75,066 Confederate veteransout of more than 1,000,000 whofought for the South during theCivil War now are living, accordingto statistics compiled by ColonelFrancis M. Burrows, of the staff ofGeneral Julian S. Carr, Commander-in-Chiefof the United ConfederateVeterans.Of this number 65,707 are drawing pensions, 1,859 are in Soldiers'Homes and the whereabouts of 7,500 is unknown. The statisticsshow that 57,987 widows that 57,987 widows of Confederate soldiersare receiving pensions, and 667 negro veterans are in Homes.Texas leads in the number of surviving veterans with 14,969 on thepension rolls and 256 In Homes.Georgia and Arkansas stand nextwith 9,000 pensioners and 105 and100, respectively, in Homes.There are only 1190 ex-Confederatesin Kentucky now living; 1,000draw pensions and 190 are in Confederate Homes 'and 1,250 widowsdraw pensions. There are no negroespensioned.oASKS PRAYERS FOR W00DR0WWILSON'S RECOVERYW. Jack Moore, of "Washington, afofnier resident of Harrodsburg, hasmade an appeal to the nationthrough the newspapers to set asidefrom two to five minutes at thenoon hour on Armistice Day, "November 11, for prayer for the "healing of the tired and worn body offormer President Woodrow Wilson."Mr. Moore asks in'his public letterthat "all right-thinking, peace loving and God fearing people invokein unison God's loving mercy in therestoration to health of this wouldbe war emancipator who now isprostrate from an heroic, over zealous effort to translate into workable, conservative for -his ideals."oAGENTS WANTEDIndustrious men and womenwanted to retail the genuine Watkins Products in city territories.Exceptional opportunity to tie upwith the oldest arid largest companyof its kind. Our hustlers averageincome is $1.10 an hour. Are youdoing as well? If not, write to-dayfor free samples and particulars.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.," Dept. 81, Memphis, Tenn.(6-4t) -o pShaking Hands.'For many years we have beenwarned by doctors "against kissing.Now we are told shaking hands is dangerous. Asiatics rub cheeks or noses.Hindus fall in the dust when greetingsuperiors. South sea islanders throwwater. "oStones.' A rolling stone gathers no moss.Also a diamond is no good until Ithas been polished. Richmond TimesDispatch. Money trtu:k without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTlifcUSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt'9 Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Ringworm, Tetter or other itchinsr skin diseases. Try thiotreatment at our risk;VAEDEN & SON,Paris, Ky. .FARHE LOANUNLESS AND$66.46 per year onNO COMMISSIONSAsk Peoples DepositTrust Co., Paris, orMiddletown DepositNorth Middletown.j -e."w v5t,rv ' y?Be Independent!The way toJbecome independent is to save a PART ofthe money you earn and "deposit it REGULARLY in thebank. Saving money will encourage you to work harderIndustry insures promotion and higher pay. While you aresaving your money and when you go into business you willneed a bank and we invite you to come in and see us.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyIIIIMIMM'IW'H'MIUIIIIMII GEORGE R. DAVIS iUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay137HIHlMHHMHMtttMMMtlMtMlltltMlirPlace Your Orders Early ForFallChoice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses Vines, Fruit" and PerennialsBourbonHIIIIgMt?4lllIUitHIHIII'HH-gllfP 'iWe HandleElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, .Etc.VGas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornairental.T. W. SP1CERMAIN STREFTmiimiiiiiiiiii iTHAT NEVER COMES DUEUNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT "each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interest" "NO RENEWALSBank &NorthBank,KentuckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bldg.$ MyMers5Night t299 .2 J?urimNurseries-All Kinds ofNovelties IOPP. COURT HOUSE.iiiiiiiiiiiminimiLexington, KyPlanting!. -f6ftfe Result! iB"" - 'anV-I.IV-B-rL-. . - -O IA I -N 1S j:':;eth7r twiint ' v. . lr-TH-BGTOBON NWS?plumbery .fvJ1C. y s'tS? v.-.Sr..I . fr "v: 'i. v Jti, T? r7'5Ft ''-r7 Vt- zlJ?-i-. W. 5fct ,. . , .'! 5r J,-.. v.tvr2.'ftrvfe- J$ - :wCVvjTv :TNe- .i--;t- j' '-' ; ITS'-Ti - - " '??VsorTt- 'U '-s.ft:i' Vi-.X- .EAGEFOukTHE ,BM3K 'FBIDAY, OCTOBER , 1J2 '!k-v-v -1H. S. LYCEUM jOUBSE TOMORROW .- -r 'a-t-. . - 'THBTXLEBS AT THE GrEAHD AJNUALAMO-kOne of the most delightful progfnsin the Lyceup Course will herendered Saturday evening, 'Ocloher7, hy the Princess Adonis Indians.flMiey have captured many audiences in every country by depictingInaian life in its, most" charmingaspect and have ofter appeared before crowned heads frbm whom theyreceived the greatest appreciationPrincess, Adonis is the bestknown Indian poet in America. Herrecital of original Indian storiesand poems are most fascinating, asshe creates an atmosphere of peculiar charm and mystery in whichthe red man moves with austeredignity.The Princess is assisted by ChiefKouaka White "Eagle, a member pthe "Winnebago tribe in Wisconsin,who will 'give a short talk on the-history and customs of his tribe. He'will portray the Indian . as a brave-warrior, a loyal subject, and a justman.William Farnum puts up a terrificfight for love and-reenge in his latest William Fox picture, "Shacklesof GtTld," which will be at the Alamo and Grand TVfohday afternoonand night.."Shackles of . Gold" isv based onHenri .Bernstein's great -stagi suc-jcess, "Samson." in tne picture Jb'ar-num rises from the position of docklaborer to? that of millionaire andweds a girl whose parents Socialclimbers need his money. MyrtaBonillas is Mr. Farnum's leadingwoman in this -picture, which Herbert Brenon directed.What is regarded as one of themost popular novels written byBooth Tarkington, is "The ManFrom Home," and now, havingreached the screen as a George Fitzmaurice Paramount production, itwill be lived onv the silver-sheet ofthe Alamo and Grand Saturday afternoon .and nigh't. 1James Kirkwood, popular leadingThe whole comnany will furnish man has the leading role, and oth-tfoiT, f un'iiRiini inter-Vrs prominent in the cast are AnnaOU. Vl,l luiutuvuv . v w.-RELIGIOUSs jf,A Resume of Events In ReligiousCircles For iTesent andFutureLODGE NOTESest an entertainment that willprove worth while to every citizenof Paris. Buy a season ticket at,once and be prepared to attend everynumber of" the Lyceum, Course.2ETER MANNING LOWERS THEWORLD'S TROTTING RECORDPeter Manning, the world's fastest trotter, gave another remarkabledemonstration of the speed thatgained the "bay gelding his title-when he circled the track at the.Kentucky Trotting Horse Breeders'Association course Wednesday afternoon in 1:56, breaking not onlythe track record but also the world'srecord for the mile.The speedy son of Azoff-Glen-doraG., in establishing the newrecord, broke two of his own unchallenged marks. The gelding wasthe "holder of both the ''Lexingtonrecord and the world's record, theformer being established at the trotshere last year and the latter at therecent tiotting meet in Columbus,Ohio. Tic former world's recordwas 1:57.Peter Manning, who is owned byI. W. Gleason, of Williamsport, Pa.,was driven by Thos. W. Murphy,one of the premier reinsmen of theGrand Circuit. He covered the first'quarter in :30, the half in :58,the three-quarters in 1:27 andfinished the mile in 1:56.oQ. Nilsson, Norman Kerry, DorothyCumming and John Miltern. Theadaptation was made by Quida Bergere. oCOBURN'S MINSTRELS HEREOCTOBER 12. -Dan Holt for the past ten yearsassociated in the big time vaudeville (formerly of ki G. Fields andand Coburn's) has this year returned to his former position ascharacter and principal comedianwith JoeN Coburn's Minstrels. Danis from Macon, Ga., from which facthis title of "The Georgia CottonBlossom" was given him by hosts offriends in Hhe Southland. At thedeath of Lew Baldwin, of Coburnand Baldwin musical comedians,Dan did a musical specialtywith Manager Coburn, afterward assuming the position of principal funmaker with the company. At theParis Grand Opera House on Thursday night, October 12.NEWS OF THE COURTSAIN'T NATURE GRAND?Old .Dame Nature is certainlyhaving a great time in October-with the temperature ranging in theeighties, and all kinds of doings going on in the blooming line. Amongthe many eccentricities of Ihe season so far noted are these:Wm. Goodloe; of Paris, exhibiteda large branch full of apple blos-somsTtaken from an appley tree infull bloom. This is accounted aTery unusual sight at this time ofthe year. .At the home of C. A. Ellis .onHigh street, one of the most prolificwatermelon vines in the county isseen, from which a melon weighing28 pounds, was pulled recently.The vine has six other inelonsrapidly advancing toward the ripeningstage, provided frost doesn't comesoon.Blossoms, from a pear tree werebrought to The Leader office in Lex-iut,i.uu, uj vj. w. vv nauu, voo ij.ai-Jcnester street. Mr. Wilson said thetree has been in full bloom since thefirst of October, the tree's secondBlossoming thisxyear.The front yard of Edward Ter.burne on the Harrodsburg and Perryville pike, near Harrodsburg, is libeautiful sight, with a lilac bush,Ihree apple trees and three cherrytrees in full bloom.-O-"FALL FESTIVAL DISUSSEDThe Board of Directors of theParis Commercial Club, at a meeting held in the offices of the PeoplesDeposit Bank, discussed the feasibility of holding a Fall Festival andAgricultural Show in Paris sometime in Novembers They decided totake no action at present unless themembers of the Club decided to havethe plan carried out.Farmers of the county who have"been approached on the subject areTery much in favor of the plan.Another meeting to consider thesubject was held last night by theCommercial Club, at which the subject was discussed at some length.The meeting was still in session asTHE NEWS went to press.l oNEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY "SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf) 'COURT OF APPEALS DOCKETThe following cases from theBourbon Circuit Court have been' C-placed on the docket by the Courtof Appeals:Lyons' Guar, etc., vs. Lyons'Exorg., etc., Bourbon. Appelleefiled brief with notice and motionlor crow-appeal. Motion submittedMonsoa vs. Payne, Agent, Bourbon.Smith & Earlywine vs, Payne,Agent, Bourbon. Appellee filed reply brfciC witk mo4i- . -" jc IAt the request of J. Simms Wilson, of Paris, an automobile belonging to Roy Vanzant, of Paris, wasattached. Vanzant had been arrested on a charge of taking a setterdog belonging' to Mr. Wilson, anddisposing of it to a man in Ohio,who resold it to a Virginia man.Will Rankin, colored, was givena hearing in the County Court before Judge George Batterton on acharge of having moonshine liquorin his possession, and for carryingconcealed a deadly weapon. Rankin.entered a plea of guilty on the weapon charge, and was held to thegrand jury in November. On theliquor charge he asked for" a jury.which gave him the maximum penalty of a $300. fine -and sixty days injail. Rankin was arrested at anearly hour Sunday morning at theintersection, of the Georgetown andCynthiana pikes by Sheriff M. PealeCollier and' Deputy Sheriff JamesGibson, who found a quantity ofmoonshine in his machine and hidalong the. roadside.In the County Court Jason Redmon and Redmon Lair were appointed administrators of the estateof the late Sol Redmon. They qualified for the trust by furnishingbond in the sum of $35,000, with C.N. Redmon and Redmon Lair- assureties.D. C. Parrish was a nnnin tori n3administrator of the estate of hisdeceased wife, Mrs. Jessie TiptonParrish. Mr. Parrish qualified fbyfurnishing bond with Robert M.Gilkey as surety.E. T. Keller has been appointedby County Judge George Battertonas administrator of the estate of thelate Ike N. Keller. Mr. Keller accepted the trust, and qualified byfurnishing bond in the sum of $5,000, with Airs. C. C. Larkin andMrs. Nannie Keller as sureties. vThe examining trial, of Roy Vanzant, charged with having sold asetter dog belonging to J. S. Wilson, of Paris, was held Wednesdayafternoon before County Judge Geo.Batterton. Vanzant was bound over4n the sum of $300 to appear beforethe grand jury at th Novemberterm of Bourbon Circuit Court. Hefurnished bond, signed by JosephWalden, of Carlisle, and" was released from custody. v-J. R. Worthington was arrestedin Paris Wednesday on the chargeof stealing a dog from "Horace' M.Bridges. He was v placed under acash bond of $300, furnished byDick English, for his appearance inthe County Court to answer to thecharge before County Judge GeorgeBatterton.: oRev. Robert Griffin, ot NorthFork,. Ky.t will fill the pulpit at theParis Baptist church Sunday morning and evening. All the membersof the congreg'ation and the -publicgenerally are invited to hear Rev.Mr. Griifin. " iOnlast Sunday, the fiftli anniversary of the ministry of Rev.Frank M. Tinder, of the North Middletown Christian church, he wasintercepted on his way to the pulpitby John W. Jones, who. on behalfo the Sunday school and the con-gregation, presented Rev. Tinderwith a check for $50 as an expression of appreciation of his services.The eighth annual meeting -ofthe Blue Grass B. Y. P. U. of Central Kentucky opened a two-days'session yesterday at ' the CentralBaptist church, in Winchester. Alarge delegation from,the variousB. Y. P. U. of Kentucky, attended,Paris sending one of the large representations. Officers of the association are T.W. Spicer, Paris, president; ChesterD. Adams, Lexington, first vicepresident; Miss Cora Salyers, Frankfort, second vice-president; MissHattie Alley, Lexington, third vicepresident; R. D. Whittson, Lexington, reporter; Rev. E. G. Davis, Cynthiana, chorister; Miss Emma L.Browning, Georgetown, secretarytreasurer. Yesterday's program embraced inspirational music; welcome addressby Prof. Aitken, Winchester; response, by Charles D. Adams, ofLexington; special music; welcomestunts by the Winchester Union; address by Dr. J. W. Gillion, of Winchester. After lunch the programfor the afternoon embraced inspirational music and devotional; specialmusic; "addresses; reports; announcements, and a playtime feature by the Winchester Union. Theevening program was taken up byinspirational and special music bythe Cynthiana Union, and an inspiring address by Dr. W. L. Walker, ofDanville. The meeting will continue through this afternoon.The Pythian Sisters will meetFriday night at t:30 o'clock.The Imperial Encampment, I. O.O. F. will meet at the usual hour to-U'B"1" HThe Grand Lodge, I. O. O. F. ofPRESBYTERIAN CHURCHThe subject of the Sundaymorning sermon is "Living Off ofOur Religious Principal." All ofthose who have .-grown eareless orindifferent to the church, those whodiscount the value of religion in theworld, those who feel there is no usein attending church services, aremost earnestly invited to considerthis theme at the morning hour.The Sunday night sermon will be onthe subject of. "The Realm of NoNew Discoveries." Has the worldprogressed in expertness ,in vice?Are the temptations which besetmen to-day worse than they ever.were? Questions like these brine-forth the thought for this sermon.Rev. T. S. Smyhe will preach atboth services. Hours, SundaySchool 9:30 a. m., Christian Endeavor. 6:30 p. m., preaching, 10:55a. m. and 7:15 p. m. The public iswuwiij' luvueu to worsnip in tinschurch.Kentucky will meet in Richmond,Tuesday. Bourbon Lodge will berepresented by Grand Master E. B.January and nine delegates. , .Rathbone Lodge No. 14, K. of P.,was represented at the district meeting at Versailles by -Knights Thos."M. Funk C. M. Plummer' and J. -K.Cahal. They report a good meetingand a fine entertainment.A. J. Lovely Co., No. 34, UniformRank, K. of P., held a , businessmeeting last night. Rathbone Lodgeheld their meeting postponed fromlast week, at the saiAe time:. Members of Bourbon Lodge gavea reception at tne- loage roomsMonday night in honor of Past Master E. B. January, of Paris. Themeeting was presided over- by Dr. F.M.-Faries. The following program,was given: Opening prayer byG. Elliott,ode;music, saxophone andpiano duet, byDr. and Mrs. Harry E. Mathers;solo, Mrs. Howard B. Carr; address,"E. B. January As A Man," E. -M.Dickson; music, saxophone andpiano duet, Dr. and Mrs. H. E.Mathers; address, "E. B. January AsAn Odd Fellow," A. J. Redd, of Lexington; solo, Mrs. Howard B. Carr;saxophone and piano duet; address,Grand Secretary Richard G. Elliott;closing ode; benedictftmY by GrandSecretary Elliott. After the program refreshments were served.) oNEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED., BRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)TO THE DEAE PUBLICNotice to those who get THENEWS when calling for anothernumber: . Don' bawl us out. Itniakes us just as mad as it does you!' h -V jy, .(r -II IKv FOR SALE.One" Ford Coupe, in first-classcondition, cheap. Call at R. D. Vanzant's Livery Barn, Second andMain streets.Grand Secretary Richardof Lexington; song, openingS. 4fc S. Hair TonicThis splendid tonic will restorewhite and gray" hair to its naturalcolor. Removes dandruff, curesdisease of the scalp, stops fallinghair and itching scap. Imparotslustre and beauty to the hair. Itis not a dye." For sale in Paris atCRAWFORD'S BARBER SHOP,(!t) Mainland Fourth Sts.Mr. Harry SalpsKinof Paris, Kentucky,"Wishes to inform his-r friencfs and patronsin this vicinityof his connection withThe mith-KasspnCompany,of Cincinnati, Ohio,in the -Women'sShoe - ,DepartmentPUBLIC SALE16th STREET PROPERTYThursday, October 12th, 2 P.r. paris high School notesProf. Edward Farquhar, of theUniversity of Kentucky, opened hiscourse on the Bible in the Parisschools Saturday. This cjass willpieet each Saturday morning- at teno'clock in the Paris High School auditorium. Six University .creditswill be given for the course. Residents of Paris and the surroundingcommunities aret eligible' to join thisclass., Dr. Edward Tuthill, of the University of Kentucky, will open hisecture course' in American historvin the school to-day.V "The Parisian Oracle," the officialorgan of the Paris High School, willbe issued this week.The Paris High School .boasts thelargest athletic ' association in Kentucky, with a membership of. 362.1 o. NOTICE TO TAXPAYERSHaving decided to locate in Covington, Ky., I will offer at auctionon the premises, the following described real estate:House of 6 rooms and a large reception hall, situated on Sixteenth,street, between High and Cypress. The house- is" heated by gas ana.lighted throughout by electricity; has bath complete; a good dry cellarconcrete walks leading from street to house; shade strees and fa aftimfpflon one of the best side streets in Paris. It? is within' a short distanceof the car line. The entire house is in splendid condition, having recently been painted and papered. For particulars, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents.Phones Home, 3S4, Cumberland 450..(ocw-io) 0r W- M BAIIAED. r. .THE BANK OF SERVICEFOR YOUR :SUCCESSConsult this bank whenever you needexperienced advice or counsel oni'J)FEAST OP TABERNACLESMembeis of the Jewish faith inParis will go to Lexington to-night,to attend the religious exercises tobe held at the Maryland AvenueTemple,- in commemoration of Succoth, or of the Feast of Tabernacles,wiiicn continues for eight daysjIn ..,. ..,. ..services win oe neici in the Temple,beginning at eight o'clock to-nightand to-morrow morning at teno'clock. The concluding serviceswill be held on the following Fridayand Saturday, October 13 and 14,with Rabbi David Nathan officiating. Semi-religious services will beheld during the three interveningweek days.Succoth, or. the Feast of Tabernacles, is one of the most importantevents on the Jewish religious calendar,-andis alwaj's faithfully andrigidly observed.NEW HOUSE TOR SALEBY THE WAY, THE TAX COMMISSIONERS OFFICE IS ONE OFTHE BUSIEST PLACES IN -TOWNAT PRESENT. FARMERS, BUSINESS MEN AND ALL ARE TRYING TO GET THIS JOB FINISHEDAND DONE WITH. BETTER GETGET BUSY AND DO LIKEWISEDON'T PUT IT OFFOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now ajid not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold out.Come in, we will be glad to showthem. 43ee window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. 'ANNUAL HORSE SALESThe annual October sales of theKentucky Sales Company openedTuesday at Lexington. Fairly goodprices were received for the offerings, which were, for the most part,of Hip mediocre class. At the morning sale Tuesday, Wm.'H. WhaleyofParis, purchased for $65 the" baygelding, Peter Three Points, 1921,Peter Giltner-Miss Daisy Earl, byEarl.RIVALS FOR "THE BAXER ESTATE."George and Jefferson Smith, ofLawrenceburg, will be parties to asuit to be filed against Kansas City,Io., to recover a sum in excess ofhalf a million dollars representing abequest to that city eleven years agoby 'Mrs. Burris Atkins. TheB gift,representing the residue of the estate, was about $"300,000, and wasfor the establishment of an art museum, and has since been invested.The city failed to establish the museum because there were no fundsfrom which to maintain it. The,Smiths are among eleven heirs ofMrs. Atkins living in Kentucky.IB-Business venturesCreditsTrade conditionsShort term 'orLong time investmentsAny information we have is yours for.the asking without obligation.Bourbon-Agricultural BankN& Trust Co-Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00zPAY YOUH GAS AND ELECTRICNEW 7-BOQM HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, 'ELECTBIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONN0BTH CLIFTON AVENUE.E0UEB0N LUMBEB CO.(nov25-tfDon't forget that the 10 th of thj month Is the last day to pay yourSao ,iiu c.ieuinc duis ana save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS &, ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)A .FATED ANIMALIn the third race at the Lexington trots Wednesday,- Rose" of Axworthy, was shut out. This is thphorse being trained by the late W.G. Swearengen, at Columbus, Ohioand which ran''jaff throwing 'himfrom the' sulky, 'cAusihg iniuries'which' resulted in his death two dayslater. ? - " '$8,000 FIRE.X0SS IN IRVINEThe two-story frame dwelling ofAnson Noland was destroyed by fireWednesday night at Irvine. Theorigin of the fire is believed to havebeen from a defective flue. Practi-ically all the household effects were Sdestroyed with, but KUle insurance.' oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYAN,- VBRAKEMAN INJUREDF. B. Swosrslefora. a hmVpmann-n -t-Vtn. T. 1 "NT A1.1X 11.. -r 1u" -c " vx. At. uivisiuu 01, me JjOUisville& Nashville, suffered the amputation of both legs following anaccident -when fie, fell between twocars at Irvine. Mrf1 Swagglefora isa. popular,. ,raiload man , and has ,afamily Iivfngjn-Parig. Hewas reported yeUrdayj reing-in a criftHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUE- MEETING'The Bourbon County Health andWelfare League will hold a meetingat the court house to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at three o'clock,for the purpose 6f holding 'the annual-electionof .officers and xthetransaction of xther important business. The meeting waa-r scheduledfor Thursday afternoon, tbiitv'waschanged, -on account ot. cireumatanHhw which' necessitated. il.i.. "71 ' illFreicA3$r(U A)Laic e50 e0u . 'h1LTickets to Alamo and Paris GrandAmerican Beauty Bread WrappersOnFREE TICKETSTO ALAMO AND GRANDTor 15 Wrappers We Give You 1 AdultTicket; For 5 Wrappers We Give You1 Child's TicketFresh Country Eggs aaper dozen : Jy QCarnation Milk ' rlarge can 1 Oc; small can ... JCClean Easy Soap ' 4Aa, 3 bars for ...uCOne pound Manor House jr.Coffee 4uCOne-pound loaf - " ' oBread v o(JOne and one-half pound loaf inBread .- JCParis Baking Co," I. L. GLASS Managtr --11if)fOH3ftJ"lCUBi0) 0nft (ftIIF YOUR GROCERY, MAN HAS'NT OUR7T , BREAD, :CAL,t US ' ,X,,'"iz,i,ir "yvS.f A - i - r-w, -,Af- -V$-rMK&VV v-;-- "i.M,y'VJ.- , --,-JriFRIDAY; OCTOBER, , 1922 , r nTHE BOURDON; NIWS, RISx.cmaDHllllA.! jrffcr yi?r?3yuJLTiiYPERSONALS"GIFTS THAT LAST"BALTIMOBE OYSTEESFresh Baltimore oysters Ireceivechdaily.LOGAN HOWARD.oSALE OF EDIBLESTO-MOKEOWThe ladies of St. Peter's Episcopal church will have a sale of edibles in the office" of the Paris RealtyCo., to-morrow v Saturday, October 7,beginning at nine o'clock. Theywill have a variety of good thingsfor your Sunday dinner.o . -IMPORTANT NOTICEWar Mother meeting Saturday,October 7, 1922, at 3 p. m., at thecourt house. All' members urged toattend, as the annual election ofofficers will take place and delegateswill be appointed to attend the Stateconvention at Louisville, October10-12, 1922.BREAKS ABM SECOND TIMEWhile attempting to crank an automobile near his home on Walkeravenue, Robert Hall, son of Mrs.Bruce Collins Hall, suffered a fracture of, his right arm, when the machine "backfired." This is the second time the same arm has beenbroken in an accident of that nature. ,oBOYS' SCHOOL SUITSAll wool materials, with two pairof trousers, at $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO. (. oBALLARD HOME AT AUCTIONPublic sale, Thursday, October12, at 2:00 p. m.f Ballard home onSixteenth street, by Harris, Speakes& Harris. Read the advertisement.(oct6-10)WHALEN TAKEN HOMEFrazier Whalen, of Bourboncounty, residing on the Maysvilleroad, near Paris, who suffered afracture of the skull when he fellinto an excavation for the new market house in Lexington," has so farrecovered as to permit . his returnhome. He is reported as improvingslowly, and will soon be able to beout., LODGE CELEBRATESThe Paris Rebekah Lodge veryappropriately celebrated the seventy-firstanniversary of the establishment of the order by giving a program at the I. 0. O. F. lodge room,presided over by Grand Master E. B.January. The program includedshort talks by Rev. Frank M. Tinder, of North Middletown, a memberof Bourbon Lodge I. O. O. F., S. S.Brown, of Detroit, Mich., a pianosolo by Miss Ida Rankin, vocal soloby Hiram S. Redmon and a pianosolo by Mrs. H. C. Ogle. After theinteresting program "was concludedrefreshments were served.Comings and Going, of Some YonKnow and Others Yon: DoVt.4Mrs. William Hemirigton is visiting relatives and friends in Masoncounty.Mrs. L. M. Tribble was a recentvisitor to relatives 'and friends inCarlisle.Paris and Bourbon" county arebeing weirrepresented" this week atthe Lexington trots.Miss Leona Adams, of Paris, isvisiting friends ' and relatives inOddville, in Harrison' county.Miss Beula Peck has returnedto her home in Flemingsburg, after a visit to friends in 'Paris.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Thompson have returned from a two-weeks'ofmr n Trt 1 tiVt T Ar OvMitnviol:1' 'ic"" i-i.r. OiJiiliSO.Jttr. ana Mrs. Alfred .Gunn, ofIrvine, motored to Paris for a visitof several days with relatives.Miss Maria Coummins, of Paris,is visiting her brothers, Sidney andLarry Cummins, near Cynthiana.Mrs. J. P. Harbeson . has returned to her home in Flemingsburg, after a visit to her son, Capt.Robert A. Harbeson, near Paris.Mrs. Ormond Somerville, ofMontgomery, Alabama, -Is the guestof her sister, Mrs. J. T. Vansant,and Dr. Vansant, on Pleasant stxeet.Mr. and Mrs. Will S. Arnsparger have gone to v housekeeping intheir new bungalow on South Mainstreet.Late news from the bedside pfMrs. Mollie Rice was to the effectthat her death is momentarily expected.Charles -Spears" rMisses ElizabethSteele and" feell Hortpk " :Howard Wills, manager of theMammoths, is able to be out afteran illness of several days.Mrs. Lynn Lail, of Cynthiana;'is a guest 'of Mrs". Denis Dundon, ather home on Houston avenue.Mrs. R. B, Hutchraft, wtio hasbeen quite ill at herhome on Second street, for some time, is improving.. 'Mrs. John Yerkes, who is giving' a-series of entertainments, willentertain "again this afternoon witha bridge party. rJudge and "Mrs. Denis Dundonwere among the guests at a dinnerparty given in Lexington by , Majorand Mrs. Samuel Wilson.Dr. and Mrs. S. P. Mohney andMr. and Mrs. Oscar Wilson,' of Paris,were recent guests o'f Mr. and Mrs.C.'M. Lambert.in Moorefield, Nicholas county.Norwood Stitt has returnedto nis home in San Francisco, Cali.,after a visit to his mother, Mrs. Nellie Stitt, in this city, and his father,Judge Ha'rmon Stitt, in Lexington.Members of the Woman's- Clubof this city will go to Frankfort ina body on October 18, to attend thedistrict conference of clubs whichwill be in session there at that time..Mrs. Owen L. Davis has accepted aninvitation from the Director tomake the response to the address ofwelcome. This is quite a compliment to Mrs. Davis" and the Club.The opening meeting of theBourbon County Woman's Clubs washeld in the Club rooms in the Masonic Tempi Wednesday afternoon,when the Department of CommunityService presented the following program; -with Mrs. Fannibelle Sutherland, chairman: Discussion ofSummer Activities; Election of Relegates to the District Convention:Mrs. George Young, of Paris, Aims of the Department for 1922TAXPAYERS NOTICETO AVOID ERRORS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES FOR OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRUCTED TO DO SO.PEOPLES- DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON -AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.PIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANK,oct 6-to dec 1)STUDENTS ON LONG HIKEBergen Evans, eighteen, and hischum, Edward Eades, nineteen, bothstudents, at the Miami University,at Oxford, Ohio, passed throughParis on the return trip of a hikefrom Oxford to Mt. Sterling, whichhad undertaken on a wager.The distance is about four hundred miles. Both young men 'werein excellent health and high spirits,and were making the most of theirvisit to the Bluegrass region. Theyhad a specific time in which to complete their hike, and were confidentof making it within the limit. Theywere bronze'd and tanned from exposure to the sun and wind, but saidthey didn't mind a little thing likethat.spent tne weeK-ena wun ner parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Feeback,in Carlisle. 'Mr. and Mrs. Polk Laffoon and,two children, Emily and Polk Laffoon, Jr., of Covington, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford.Wyatt Martin, of Paris, was amember of a house party entertained several days by Mr. and Mrs. Frazier Curie, at their country- homenear Cynthiana.s Mrs. Benjamin Woodford entertained yesterday , at cards at herhome on the Winchester road, nearParis, in honor of. Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, of Pasadena, Gali. .Mr. and Mrs. William Mershon,and their two children, of Louisville, have returned to their homeafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. FrankTrisler, on Eighth street.Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Luman, Mr.and" Mrs. Floyd Ritchie, of Lexington, were recent guests at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Charles Doyle, onthe Bethlehem pike, near ParisMr. B. C. Mense, of Lexington,pubicity man for the Pageant ofProgress, which is to be given inthat city next week, was in Parisyesterday, arranging for advertisingthe big event.f M. Peale Collier and family, Mr.and Mrs. Ora oCllier, Frank Collierand family, Elda Collier and familyand J. H. Collier, of Paris, attendedthe funeral and burial of- MissAletha Martin, in Carlisle.Miss Florence Wilson has goneto Dayton, Ohio, to be with hersister, Mrs. Whittington Mann, anddaughter for a few days. Mrs.Mann's little daughter is under thecare of a specialist in Dayton.'Mrs. Jesse M. Alverson, formerly of Paris, is very ill with pneumonia at her home in Harlan, andis in the care of trained nurses.She is a sister of Mrs. Sanford M.Allen, of Millersburg, and Mrs.Louis Rogers, of near Paris.Among those $ho occupiedboxes at the Lexington trots Wednesday were Mrs. John Whitelow,Miss Anne Caywopd Talbott, Miss1923; .Business; Honor Guests:The Faculty of the Paris PublicSchool; Club Tea; Mrs. H. A. Power,chairman. yThe Garden Club met yesterdayafternoon with Mrs. James W.Thompsonf host, at her countryhome on the Jackstown pike nearParis. The following program wesrendered: "Attraction of Birds,"Mrs. J. T. Vansant; "Study of FoodFor Native Birds," Mrs. J. MillerWard; "A Selection and the Month'sReminder," Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Jr. References used for the meetingwere: "Kinfolks," "The CardinalBird," and "The Mocking Bird,"from "The Melody of Earth;" Extracts from "Community Bird Refugees," and "English Birds of Song,"by Isaac VWalton.(Other Personals on Page 3)-oTUESDAY'S REGISTRATIONThe registration in Paris Tuesdaywas the lightest in many years.Practically no interest was takenand no effort was made to get thevoters out. The registration totaled1,845, divided as follows: Men, 1,050; women-. .795. The Democrats,men and women, had a total of 1,202, and the Republicans,' 626. Atotal "of 17 registered as Independents, 11 men and 6 women. Thetabulation showed 698 men Democrats and 504 women; 341 menRepublican, and 285 women; 11men Independents and 6 women.In several instances women acted asclerks, in place of men, who didnot report for duty.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRAND - 'To-day, Friday, October 6 MarkTwafn's great comedy, "A Connecticut Yankee at The Court of KingArthur." Last change to see it.To-morrow, Saturday, October 7James Kirkwood, in "The Man FromHome," Pathe News; Sunshine comedy, "A Perfect YilHan."Monday, October 8 William Far-AMna Winner TVfr onrl Afrs TTimmilI"'v' ..wes, "-" . - tnnm in "ClianWoa nf ilnt.". nVio-nTra noTMna TV-oran I "" " iw.x ut u'u, vxiapilllUll-llllV iliUlkJ") , .DELEGATES TO STATE D. A. R.At a special meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, Daughters of theAmerican Revolution, held Tuesdayafternoon at the home of Miss Eli--zabethGrimes, on Duncan avenue,Roseberry, MissThomas Drennan and James H.Thompson, of Paris.Mr. D. C. Parrish has leased anapartment in the. Robneel and willmove to it from his former home onHigh street. Mrs. Bessie WoodfordClay will move to the Parrish home,which she recently purchased, aftersome alterations and remodelinghave, been completed.Mrs. Evelyn Buck and daughter, Mrs. John W. Yerkes, entertained Wednesday afternoon with abridge party in honor of Mrs. W. L.Yerkes, of Pasadena, Cali., who is aguest of relatives and friends inthis city and county. Nine tablesof players participated. At the conclusion of the games a meat andsalad course was served. Mrs. SamClay won the first prize, a door stop.The consolation prize went to Mrs.Janes Woodford. The ,home wasbeautifully decorated with dahlias.Mrs.- Joseph W. Davis, Jr., wasthe charming host Wednesday afternoon to a bridge party of six tables.'Mrs. Davis is one of tne most attractive of the many brides of thethe following delegates and alter-'season; ana oneoi ";"Z,ZnnfOC cQn fmn, t.h member-T hosts. Mrs. James W. Thompsonship, to represent the Chapter at the .won the first prize, for highest scoreo' l a of fiio T.n- a subscription to a magazine. Theter 4, of "Adventures of RobinsonCrusoe;" Pathe Review.YOUR PICKLESIf you want them good, use Ferndell spices and good vinegar.CP. COOK & CO.ATTEND THE RUMMAGE SALEThere have been sales and sales,but !'the sale" of the season will bethe "Rummage Sale'to be held bythe ladies of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, in the Wilson building, atthe corner of Main and Thirdstreets, to-day and to-morrow, Frirday and Saturday, October 6 and 7.So sail on to the sale to-day and tomorrow, and find bargains.IN THE FALLSnappyyMen and Boys Fall for Our NSuits, Hats, Sweatersand Shoesbecause they are the last word in qualityand because we sell them for less. Aisi ; , . COME IN AND SEE THE V. J- SUITSy: IN MANY DIFFERENT COLORSAND STYLESy-J,ivn-,-'J -iWXv--s$15 $18 $20$24.50; $29.50Some with Extfa TrouserssWe Have Also Received Some Beautiful-. .V.. OVERCOATS V$15.00to $29.50LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"twThe Pullman Gives You an Extra RoomWithout Increasing Your RentHave a Look!State meeting to be held at the La-,fayette Hotel, in Lexington, on October 25 and 26:Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, Regent;Regent's Alternate. Miss Elizabethcir-trr.,- rinincrofn Afrs Thomnson : guests "vvere :H. Tarr; Delegate's Altqrnate, Miss'Prichard, O. T.Hinton. James Metbooby prize, a door knocker, waswon by Mrs. Harvey Rogers. Afterthe games a delicious two-coursesupper was served. Mrs. Davis'Mesdames EdwardBlanche Lilleston; Alternates, Mrs.Louis Rogers, Mrs. v John A. Bower,calfe, John T. Davis, Harvey Rogers,Fielding Rogers.i Waller Dalby, Wm.r ' ,,.' .," .i . tqm Tii vl or ' Georce WatKins, Helentia Hedges, Mis Grace Hargis. Miss Davis Swearehgre nAhVTYa&ee Booae, Mrs. Watton W., Craig; Sidney ,Ardery, Fay Ardery,TiMiM Aikt.cvuhb.il-'' v Robert Turnrs- Edward; Spears,-LADIES, VA2TD MISSES' TND CHU-JDEEN'S STnTS,C0ATS, SKIETS,BLOUSES MILLINERY I) IYGOODS, SILKS, ETC.We Have the Ladies' Home JournalPatterns, atTwin Bros.Dept. Store- vCHASfS. GOLDSTINr?r!nrnf-fiflwtfi and Main RtrmmtmI j- jVERY family needs extra sleeping quarters in the home in case ofI jl I emergency. Unexpected visitors come: a nurse may be necessaryin any home at any time; you may wish friends to remain overnight or to week-end with you: you may wish to accommodate afriend or good neighbor for a night or two; the man of the family maywish a business friend" remain over night, whatever the emergency oroccasion may be, a Pullman provides the extra sleeping quarters.Some families may want to rent out a room because of present high rents.Some families may benoving into smaller apartments with fewer sleeping rooms these are but SOME of the reasons for the immense popularity of the "Pullman 'Here is an opportunity to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport Bedthat matches up with other furnishings in your home. You can get thesame designs, the.same wood's (mahogany, walnut or oak), the same comfort that you get in the finest stationary davenports. " xHere is a beautiful living room piece of furniture that is "as handsome asthe finest davenport, as comfortable as the-best bed" one that givesdouble, or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture at the price ofone. ' 'THE JT. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36'I 'isPARIS, KENTUCKY$IXTH AND MAINMotor HearseMotor Invalid Coach Undertaking"-YtvtsIIteV-IS-lNI,.hfcr&MlV1Ar.! i 'PAJUSl'kY.' ' '-iy X zX 1 iw in .-,.. ."!- -f, - . wj ' -'". r-"i2,-svK- rT. f .'- " :a'; -.-,"j-f-v-K5vyt 'r-'O'j-?V- i-&&-' '""t-,f1FRIDA.Y, OOTQMIR ,;i2r-rt- rir-TTTTHEBOURBONj - -jfBWS, -PARIS, KB?NTUCKYPAGISDL"" iTIT ifU ''ii.tttMN. -,ASBWKFJIAIR FALL OUTSc"Danderine" Saves Your "--; Hair Ends Dandruff!S?? Delightful Tonic -'Hurry! It's your duty! Each dayyou eee a little more hair falling outand you are making no effort to avoidbaldness. "What a pity. Falling hairmeans your hair is weak, sick, possiblydandruff is strangling it, or the hairroot pores in th'e scalp are notiirm andtight, thus wasting the hair-growing oils.Danderine almost instantly stops falling hair of men or women and cleansevery particle of dandruff away, thenthe hair takes on new life, vigor andstrength to grow strong, thick, and long.Danderine is delightful not stickyor greasy. Go. to any drugstore nowand get a bottle. Use it. Have healthy,heavy, beautiful hair and lots of it.LAST TO ADOPT PENSIONKentucky was the last State toadopt a pension for indigent Confed-erate veterans, which it did at thesession of the Legislature held in1912. Although recognition wasbelated, the State has in the intervening time paid out several milliondollars to needy Wearers of theGray and their widows.The last Legislature raised themonthly stipend from $10 to $12,but the act was nullified by Executive disapproval. At the time theoriginal act "was .passed many Confederate veterans resisted the pension movement, and had not thelate James B. McCreary, himself aConfederate soldier, been Governorat the time, it is doubtful if thepension law would have become effective. The State pension has been a godsend to many of the veterans andtheir widows in their declining days,and this drain on the treasury hasnever evoked criticism from anysource other than from some Confederates who di&like the idea oftheir comrades being put in the attitude of dependents on the bountyof the State.The State Senate was the scene ofa touching incident when the Confederate Pension Bill was up forpassage. The late Senator J. M.- Biggerstaff, of Warren county, aJtepublican and Union veteran, thenenfeebled by bodily ailments, pathetically deplored the tardy recognition of a State, obligation in caring for .its Confederate soldiers intheir last days, and he appealed to,hfs colleagues that not a dissenting' Vote be cast against ' the pensionmeasure.ADDING MACHINE BOLLS 'CHEAP. We have in stock forc the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the beat bond paper andmr absolutely free from lint. Youearn buy from one. to a case.. Let uslutTC a trial order.(Sl-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.When you feel fSESjservous, teed, worried or despondent it is aawe agn you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worm living. Be sure and ask (orMotf Nerverine Pills JaggWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Props.', Cleveland, O.For Sale ByOBEEDORFEB, THE DRUGGISTiOKWaddellsPile RemedyiWt Suffer- Don't be Ooer&tedjom hare tried Dr. WmMcU's' Absolutely kaimlen Guate tire absolute eatufacboa orraf Jed. $1.50parWl atyowif mot write vs.peweyfilm Ilia' .topfifisissBsSEsssflsBsCBlASK PEDESTRIANSTO KEEP TO LEFTStrbllers on Country Roads.Urgedto Face Oncoming Trafficin Rambles.-PERILS OF NIGHT ARE BAREDDark Clothing Often Shuts Man onStreet From Gaze of Driver in Automobile International RoadCongress to Meet.T7ew York. Pedestrians along country roads and those who walk in thestreets at night in preference to usingthe sidewalks can contribute materially toward the reduction of automobileaccidents by walking on the left sideof the road, facing oncoming traffic,according to D. H. Lewis, acting executive chairman of the American Automobile association."Courtesy on the part of the automobile driver demands the use ofdimmed lights at night," said Mr.Lewis, "and this factor, while it contributes to the safety of passing motorists, makes it exceedingly difficultfor the automobile driver to see a pedestrian walking-along the edge of the.road in the same direction the car Istraveling. This difficulty is Increasedif the pedestrian happens to be wearing dark clothing. The result; is thatthe driver is practically on top of thepedestrian before the latter becomesvisible.Warning to Pedestrians."Walking on the left hand side ofthe road is just as good for the pedestrian and enables him to see the approaching automobile in. time to stepaside if the motorist does not see himin time to swerve."The pedestrian should rememberthat the rules of the road require theautoist to keep to the right and shouldcontribute to the factor of safety bykeeping to that side of the road whichbest enables him to escape the oncoming car and especially the occasionalspeed fiend o'r flivverboob1' who caresnothing for consequences and speedsregardless of the rights of others, forit has been truly said that whetheryou were in the right or not does notnfatter after you are In the hands ofthe undertaker."Roads Congress to Meet.A certain indication that after eightyears of war and upheaval the worldis beginning to return to a normalstate is "contained in the announcementthat the International Road congress,which ceased operations in 1914 because of the European conflict, is toresume Its deliberations early nextMay at Seville, Spain. The programfor what promises to be the greatestand most Important conference onhighway improvement ever held hasjust been received from the" office ofthe general secretary in Paris.Thousands of delegates, representing national and state governmentsand good roads associations in theUnited States, Belgium, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, China, Japan,France, Great Britain, Italy, Holland,Sweden, Denmark, Switzerland, Argentina, Czechoslovakia, Spain, Portugal,Norway, Germany, Jugo-Slavia, Poland, Austria, Cuba, Chile, Brazil andmany other countries, will participatein the congress and exchange viewsand experiences for mutual benefit.English, French and Spanish havebeen adopted as the official languages.UNEARTH COIN OF YEAR 1724Workmen Excavating Old Headquarters of General Washington MakeInteresting Find.New York. Workmen engaged inexcavating on the site of the mansionIn Montclair,- N. J., that was used byGeneral Washington as his headquarters in the revolution found several oldcopper coins, one bearing the inscription, "British North America, 1724."Dr. Maurice Cohen, who now owns theproperty, obtained some of the coins.The workmen were moving a ten-tonboulder from one corner of the property to the site of the Washingtonheadquarters. The boulder will bear'a bronze tablet bearing a picture ofthe old mansion and a suitable inscription placed there by the Sons andDaughters of the American Revolution. The old mansion was razed 15years ago.Indian Relics Found.Salina, Kan. Relics of the dayswhen the Indians roamed the, centralKansas prairies are being taken outof the sand pits east of Salina. Bonesof large and unnamed animals haveheretofore been found in this neighborhood, but these bones that are nowbeing found in the sand pits are unlike anything ever seen here Themost of the specimens have largoteeth, well preserved, while others arebadly decayed. In addition to thebones many large bullets of lead, flattened by having come in contact withsome objecr, are found.Can't Take Pets to Yosemite.Yosemite National Park. Visitorsto Yosemite hereafter must leave Fidoand Tabby at home, for no longer willthe Tangers at the gates be permittedto care for the pets, according to arecent announcement. In years pastdogs have been "checked" at the entrances, but this practice became sogeneral that the energies of therangers were devoted, almost exclmI lively to the pups and kittles.POWER PLANTSAT MINE MOUTHPlan for Conversion of Coal Into""" Electric Qurrent Where 'It Is Mined.IT WOULD MEAN VAST SAVINGTransportation of the Fuel Would BtAvoided, and Fewer Men Would B.Required in One Branchof World's Work.Washington. A plan for the conversion of coal into electrical power atthe mouths of coal mines and transmitting the currents to the industrialconsuming centers has been called tothe attention of the President, Secretary of Commerce Hoover and otherhigh officials of the government.In proportion to its value, both Inmoney and in heating power, coal IsInordinately bulky More than onethird of the total railroad freight ofthe United States Is coal. On someroads In coal-producing sections coalamounts to 80 per cent of all 'thefreight hauled. A very large portionof this" coal Is railway fuel that is,coal to fire the engines which haulthe trains.Louis Brandeis, now an associatejustice Qt the Supreme court of theUnitedStates, In his brief In the FivePer Cent case Jbefore the interstatecommerce commission, estimated thatwhen all Items of cost to the railroadsof buying and hauling their own cgalwere added, the total would be $250,000,000. Since that estimate wasmade, prices and costs have increasedand the railroad coal bill has amounted to $700,000,000.To transport coal to meet. the American demand, 18,000,000 cars are eraployed annually jmd of these 2,600,000 cars are employed In hauling coaland other traffic. These figures havebeen filed with the interstate commerce commission.The commission has found, In oneof its investigations into the coal traffic, that approximately 97 per cent ofall the coal cars return to the minesempty.These figures give an impression ofthe extent to which the transportationsystem is burdened with the movement of this bulky material and showhow much more railroad equipmentwould be available for general freightIf the power which springs from coalcould be handled in another manner.Power Plants at Mines.In general outline the new planwould provide for the erection at the"Hal mines of gigantic power plants.The coal would.be brought up justfast enough to be put into thefurnaces and maintain a steady headof steam to keep the dynamos turning. One of the underlying reasons fordiscontent among coal miners andtherefore one of the main causes ofthe coal strike is the intermittency Inthe industry. The big demand forcoal comes in the winter time; in thesummer months It falls off. Coal Ismined as the market calls for it..Therefore, when the demand Is lightthere is little mining to be done. Themen are thrown out of employment.The result is that coal miners workbut from 165 to 210 days a year.While their wages are regarded asgood their work is not steady andtherefore their earnings for the yearare not largefIt is the opinion of experts that thecoal industry' is overmanned. Thereare some 700,000 men engaged in it.Under the power plan, the Intermittency In the work of coal minerswould be eliminated. The coal wouldbe feeding machines running steadilyand not an ever-changing open-marketdemand.Fewer Men Would Be Needed.The requirements of the power generators could be reckoned in advancewith a fair amount of accuracy andthe coal could be kept coming aboveground regularly all the year round.Fewer men would be required to takecare of this production and while thechange would throw many thousandsout of work it would bt gradual andultimately would result in a cleareconomic gain, It Is claimed. Fewermen would . be doing -one branch ofthe world's work. The remainderwould become engaged in other productive labor. ""The first step In the plan for theelectrification bf the nation Is thechanging over-of railroads from steamto electric power. The railroads crossthe country in every direction and thecities and industries which consumepower are built up along their tracks.Power cables would parallel thetracks, but would carry so much morepower than would be required for therailways that the surplus would beample for diversion to the cities enroute. This would run the mills andfactories, light the cities and furnishpower for municipal traction lines.When William G. McAdob was director general of railroads duringederal control in the wartime, hesajd that If government control wereto be permanent or even long extended his first step would be theelectrification of the railroads. Someof the roads have taken the step already. Miles of the Baltimore & Ohio,the Boston & Maine, -the Chicago,Milwaukee & St. Paul, the Erie, theGreat Northern, the Michigan Central,the New York Central, the ;New York:Nw, Haven & Hartford, the" Norfolk,Jk -Western the gennsylvanla and theBcvthern. Pacific system already "p-erate by electricity. Benefits found Iare reduction In fuel cost, in maintenance cost, elimination of coalingengines, Increased tonnage per train,Increased speed on grades, increasedreliability, reduced train crews, increased safety, reduced damage and'wear on equipment, reduced depreciation on tracks and improved atmos-'pherle conditions. Noise also is eliminated. The child of tlie future maynot identify a railroau train as a"choo-choo."'Electric .Operation Cheaper.All operating costs considered, theexperts figure that there is a -net saving of 25 per cent in electric operation of railroad trains as comparedwith steam. An analysis made by theNorfolk & Western railroad revealedthat the fuel cost of running an electric locomotive 100 miles was $44.95,compared with a cost of $72.42 fora steam locomotive.It is estimated that power can betransmitted by cajble for" a distanceof 20ft miles before -the leakage makesthe transmission wasteful. In manysections" of . the country no railroadis more than 200 miles distant from acoal mine. But in the non-coal-producingregions, the mine-mouth electricalplants would be supplemented, underthe Rlan, by hydro-electric powerplants.The nation is rich in water power,by far the greater part of which isundeveloped. The general scheme ofrailroad and industrial electrificationwould include greater power development from the streams. Betweenthese hydro-electric plants and thecoal-consuming power plants the country could be covered with a networkof power cables which would serveevery purpose. - .Some coal .movement would continue, -such as that for domestic heating, but the great bulk of J:he coaltransported to run railroads and factories would not leave the mines. Itsenergy would be shipped by wire.Such a stupendous developmentcould not be realized in a day. Itwould be the work of many years, butwith the forces of the government,supplemented by the support of thegreat industrial and railroad corporations,, it might be a. feasible undertaking QUEER THING IN LONDON ZOOOne of the most extraordinary creatures ever seen in 'the London zoo hasjust arrived there in the form of anAlbino monkey, sent from Tanganyika.Albinos are white specimens of a creature not usually white, and this is thefirst time on record that an albinomonkey has ever been at the zoo. Theexact species of the monkey is notdefinitely known.POOR ADDRESSES TO BLAMEInvestigation Shows They Are, theChief Cause of Failure of Mailto -Arrive.Washington. Recent investigationsmade at the request of tjie Department of Commerce regarding the failure of foreign mall to reach its destination resulted" in the disclosure thatcarelessness in proper addressing ofmatter is responsible.The Post Office department has beenconducting a survey of conditions atthe port of New York, where an average of 30,000 pieces of mail daily isreceived and placed upon ships forforeign-bound points, which hasresulted in the discovery that illegiblenames and poorly printed addressescause many letters and packages togo astray. A report of the situationhas been made to the Department ofCommerce.Most of the blame is laid upon thelarger manufacturers of the UnitedStates, who are the major offenders infailing to properly address their foreign mail. The report, .while commending the use of addressing machines, urges that careful attention begiven to their operation, particularlyin the case of letters or packages tobe sent overseas.CHAINS SON IN HOME 4 DAYSFather Admits He "Kept Boy Out ofTrouble." Rescued byPolice.New York. Andrew Karo, nine-year-oldson of John Karo, was rescued by the police after his father hadkepUhim in chains for four days. -According to the boy and his sisters,Andrew was forced to keenon night and day. When police foundhim he lay in a corner with a chain ayard long wrapped around his anklesand the feet secured with a padlock.Karo admitted that he chained andpadlocked his son, but he said that atnight the T)oy was released. The father said he, chained the. boy. to Hktklm out of trouble."bBIImIIIIH-v 'siuWmB.'-JPLai' Skit fe.JMi ..Pageant of Progress' Benefit Boy Scout BandAuspices of Lions' Club 1LEXINGTON,- KY.-STARTING OCTOBER 9thAFTERNOON AND NIGHT6 BIG FREE ATTRACTIONSAutomobile Show; Merchants' ExhibitAND 100 OTHER ATTRACTIONSSEE DAREDEVIL DOHERTY?Change ofYour plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.5(1 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedcTry Us With That Next Job!Anything C D I T I DeliveredAny Time I It I I 1 I 11 Jl On TimeTHE NWS JOB DEPARTMENTi?FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYvr-THE XTNLYERSAL CARYou Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessiBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay. as You Ride,Our Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MANMOTORParis,, Of Course the Star Prints This.The Wamego (Kan.) Tlmos tells ofa little boy of that city who was tak-RUGGLESchainsMng his first lesson In astronomy theother night and was very much interested in the names of the variousstars and planets to be seen from the,sleeping porch. Finally he asked,"Mamma, which, one isrthe KansasCity Star ?" Kansas City. Star. 'Can you.imagitte Joac kirts,andj flapping galoshes?-the Season!?vyFOR YOUR DISTRICTCOMPANYKentuckyCAHAL BROS.BAEBEE SHOP4-WHTTE BUBBSrSAi ?tttt IrHTittBfjCAHfr OflOtD lAIM""Ts2 3 z "Si"-- f v ' i- 3--v '".'' fv."'vk.Abfe-s-. - JW-J:'V ?T"-rs .V ZLJ'iw4- 'vj3. ,, ir;S!Css-sEEIDATvQCTDMJEvllfllWlf-.jr'. .''?'- ,s,w.riTHBJODy0if ;NTS, rPAgjB,2"?'A" - --a -r-r'i-r rfL-rrr: Tx-mzrvpi ! m BiHiBamiBBnammn'MONTHS; SUFFERINGHow a Baltimore Girl Recovered Her HealthBaltimore. Maryland. "For severalmonths I suffered witii severe backachecouldnotsleencomfortably at nightior pains in my oacK.I found your book athome one day andafter reading it began at once to takeLydia E. Pinkham'aVegetable Compound. I have hadvery good results andsome of my girlfriends are takincr itnow. xou may use tnis letter to nelpother girls, as the letters in your bookhelped me." Rose Waidner, 3018Eoseland Place, Baltimore, Md.That is the thought so often expressedin letters recommending Lydia E-Pink-ham'sVegetable Compound. These women know what they have suffered, theydescribe their symptoms'and state howthey were finally made well. Just plainstatements, but they want other womento be helped.Lydia E. JPinkham's Vegetable Compound is a medicine made from medi- jCinai roots anu uei.ua, tuiu wnuuui uruga,to relieve the sickness women so oftenhave, which is indicated by backache,weak feelings, nervousness, and no ambition to get anything done or to goanywhere. It has helped many women.Why not try it?riGURE JUGGLING ANCIENT AETThe criticism that the figures ina recent financial statement of Kentucky were juggled to make a bettershowing than really existed, callsattention to a system that hasgrown time-honored.Juggling with State financial figures long since has become a fine arfwith the result that without anyimplication of wrong-doing the .figures may he made to convey a. situation that an analysis would presentin a more unfavorable light when itcomes to financiering ability.Except to those who understandthe system a report of the financialcondition of Kentucky means littleor nothing. The system as longpracticed hardly could have beendevised to better suit the demagogic idea of fooling the people. Itis a part of the old political methodsthat still obtain with, apparentlylittle evidence that the time soonwill come when a Kentucky financial report will mean what it seeksto convey.Some years ago the State administration issued a report showingthat it had left about $1,000,000 inthe treasury turned over to its successor. However, the new administration hardly has assumed office"before practically the entire million was wiped out by outstandingclaims for obligations incurred byits predecessor.A BIT OF ADVICEIFirstDon't Delay . SecondDon't ExperimentIf you suffer from backache;"headaches or dizzy spells: if you restpoorly and .are 'languid in the morning; if the kidney secretions are Irregular and unnatural in t appearance, do not delay. In such casestne moneys or ten neea neip. -Doan's Kidney Pills are especiallyprepared for kidney trouble. Theyare recommended by thousands. CanParis residents desire more convincing proof of their -effectiveness- thanthe statement of a Paris citizenjwhohas used them and willingly testifies to their worth?Mrs. J. N. Reynolds, 255 "Winchester street, Paris, says: "I have'found Doan's Kidney Pills to do memore good than any remedy I haveever used and I recommend themhighly. I suffered from rheiimaticpains and kidney trouble. I couldalways tell when the weather wasgoing to change as my limbs became painful. I got dizzy -especiallywhen when I first got up in themorning and my kidneys were notacting regularly. I was not long ingetting relief after I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills and felt betterin every way after taking them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Reynolds had. Foster3Iilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oBAB WOMEN PEOM BOXINGWomen are prohibited from engaging in boxing matches of anysort, amateur or professional, Ty anordinance passed by the municipal"board of Manila, P. I. The ordinance provides - a penalty of sixmonths imprisonment or a fine of$100 or both for any woman takingpart in a boxing match and any person promoting a boxing match between women will suffer the samepunishment as the principals.t oChllalsh Thlnfe Put Away.? Featmrt of. k moat JTapsnes w.adVtacs m a beafirc- ef the krlaVstayt.UNiLHURAINBOW TINTSREFLECTED LIGHTCornel! Professor Explains What- Causes' Vivid Colors ofPeacock Feathers.-SAME TINTS IN OIL RIDDLEColors Are, Due to Interference ofLight Reflected From Upper andLower Surfaces of Filmof Oil.7,Pittsburgh. A film of oil dropped onthe pavement by an errant automobile contains the same color values as-the highly decorative tail feathers ofthe peacock, said Dr. Wilder D. Bancroft of Cornell university, speakingat the general meeting of the American Chemical society."Everybody has noticed the brilliantly colored patches, on the pavements' where automobiles have spilledoil," said Doctor Bancroft. "The colors range from red to gold to blue andare very vivid or metallic. Theychange with the angle at which onesees them and they are not due topigments, since we have a thin filmof a nearly colorless oil."These colors are due to the Interference of light reflected from, the upper and lower surfaces of the film andthey depend on the thickness of thefilm, which averages about one fiftythousandth of an inch. They are morevivjd when oil is spilled on an asphaltpavement than when on a dirt roadbecause there Is less disturbing lightreflected from the black background.Feathers Are Iridescent."The brilliant colors of the tailfeathers of the peacock and the apparently self-luminous reds In thethroat feathers of the humming birdare not due -to pigments.- When onelooks through a peacock's feathers onesees only a brown due to the so-calledmelanin pigment whichIs equivalentto the asphalt pavement. In all theIridescent feathers the barbules areflattened plates of .brown which therefore give the colors of thin films. Thestructure is so marked that an expertcan pick out the iridescent feathersin the dark by the feel."It is possible to duplicate the coloreffects of the peacock and the humming bird by putting a very thin coatof varnish over any dark feather; butwe cannot regulate the thickness withsuch accuracy as to produce the patterns of the peacock. When one considers that variations In thickness ofa hundred-thousandth of an Inch maychange the color completely, t seemsmarvelous that all the tall feathersof all the peacocks can be so nearlyalike.Peacock Not an Albino."The necl feathers of the whitepigeon show practically no iridescencebecause the dark background Is lacking. If they are dyed brown, the Iridescence appears In full force. Onthe other hand the white peacock isnot an albino in the sense or merelyhaving no dark pigment. The wholestructure of the feathers has changed."The barbules are not flat plates andconsequently no brilliant colors canbe developed by dyeing the featherbrown or painting the back with Indiaink."LAY WCfRE'BRICKS WITH MUSICSoutherner Proves His Theory WhenHe Installs Phonographat'HIs PlantQuitman, M Iss.7rBricklay.ers work"like "fiends "Iwlien Jazz music iromr a..phonograph J.B played, It wasjsjvswnv fe a test made here by A. B: Morse,general manager of a lumber .plant' The phonograph was installed atthe plant, being built after a Are, torelieve the monotony experienced, hy-juen working at night All the records, about forty, were of jazz, and aboy "was employed with no other -dutythan to keep the machine running allnightWhen Morse made inventory he discovered that 15,000 more bricks hadbeen laid over the number laid In asimilar period when there was nophonograph jazz.More than that, the night men didmore than those of the day shift.Work of rebuilding the plant wascompleted In twenty days.-f c ..BABY ISLE HAS VEGETATIONBirds Believed to Have Carried Seedsto Island Cast Up In BeringSea in 1900.Unalaska, Alaska. One of the redhot baby islands raised from the bottom of Bering sea in 1906 Is now saidto be covered with sparse vegetationand some seedling tree growth.The crew of a codfishlng vessel, landing here for fresh water, told ofsteaming close to the Bogoslof groupof recently made volcanic islands anddiscovering the change.When this submarine eruption occurred a vast quantity of rock wasthrown up and later this appeared tobe covered with slimy lava suds. Theloosely piled broken rock formedheadlands of jnany acres around theedes of the steaming Island. Thecooling of the loose lava by wind, rainand snow made new soil.. It is believed birds flying from the mainland;and roosting on 'these headlands de-posited -seed -of gras8, trees and'slu-ubs which have take root. y -I BIRDsTrftVELS300 NULES;" :United State Biological SurveyTraces Blue-Winged Teal From- Canada toTrinldad.Washington. How far will k migratory bird travel' in its fall and springflights? The' biological survey has determined that they make flights of atleast 3,000t miles.An investigation has been conducted for severa) years by. the survey bytrapping ducks and other strongwinged fowl In northern sections andmarking them with light numberedbands. Tlie numbers on the fowl arerecorded and from time to time, hunters baggingsome of those marked, report where and when the bird wasbrought down..More than 200 such birds wereloosed with the bands from LakeScugog, in Ontario. So far the record flight is that of a blue-winged teal,banded September 24, 1920, and killedtwo months and seven days later in aswamp near Port of Spain, on the Island of Trinidad. The shortest possible flight the bird could have- takento reach this point, which is off .thecoast of Venezuela, Is '3,000 miles.Jn tracing their routes It seemedapparent that the mallard! and blackduck traveled together 'and ttielrcourse frbm Lake. Scugog was southward along the shores of Lake 43rleby way of the St. ClauJlats. Her,ethe route divided, the majority continuing southwest, crossing the Ohio,and then to the Mississippi valley,where the majority wintered.The others took a southeasterlycourse, crossing the Alleghenies andreaching the Atlantic coast by way ofChesapeake andJDelaware.. bays.SCIENCE WANTS TUNNELDr, A. A. Mlchelson, professor ofphysics at the University of Chicago,spent two months at the Mt. Wilsonobservatory near Pasadena, Cal., In anattempt to measure the philosophy oflight. Dr. Michelson wants to proveor disprove the Einstein theory, butr found the air currents of Mt. Wilsonunsuited to his' purpose. He Is nowlooking about for a stake to build asteel tunnel two miles long as an aidIn demonstrating whether Einsteinwas right or wrong.DIG UP PREHISTORIC BONEEchlnodermante Probably Roamed inRegion Thousands of Years Ago,' When It Was Marsh.Boonvllle, .Workmen excavating for pier Uo. for the new hlgh-: waybridjarosj the Missouri rlyerat BoonVllle ran across what has beendeclared ,ta be part of .the Yertebra ofthev echlnodermante, an animal that-was in existence thousands of years,go. -Thls echlnodermante, no doubt,roamed the fields about what Is nowBoonvllle, at a time when. It was amarsh. His genusvls now extinct andIt took fllong time to find someonewho couldvgive the prehistoric boneIts proper classification.W. R. Criswell, carpenter foremanon the bridge, has had the bone polished and varnished and will keep Itas a souvenir.Raise Deer and Elk for Profit.Olympla, Wash. Deer, elk and evenmoose are so easily domesticated inthe Far Northwest that -a movementhas been started by several owners ofJarge logged-off aregs to attempt raising them for profit.r4ti4444444 -44444444 ,44"Dead" Opossum Revives. and Car Runs Into Ditch4 When a "dead" opossum cameto life and, peered over the shoulder of the man who was drivinga car In which the animal wasbeing given a ride, an automobile ran into a ditch near Vincennes, Inp, and was wrecked.The driver was not injured.William W. CasselKwas driving the car which "hit the opossum. Thinking that the anfraalwas playing dead, CasseU struckit several times with a "wrenchand threw it into the back ofhis car. The animal's head appearing later over his shouldercaused the man to lose controlof the machine.i444444444444i40444404404444.4-4444444.v;v;4Awaits Wife's Return !37 Years; TherfDies.1111Honolulu, T. H. Colburn H.Maemae, Hawaiian, waited 37years for his wife, Emily, to return to him before he .broughtsuit ior divorce on the groundof desertion, he testified at thehearing of hlf case.Maemae and his wife weremarried In Ewa, Aahu, In 1884, -theyear- following the corona-,tlon of King Kalakaua She left-him four months after the marriage. Since then he has waitedfor her return, but finally decided she "meant, to stay away,"he said.Mrs. Maemae nowls a "fisherlady" and resides on one of thesmall islands in Kallhl harbor,adjoining Honolulu bay.GIN SPANISH MOSS IN SOUTHFiber Said to 'Furnish Excellent Material -for Upholstery, Mattressesand Other Purposes.Brazoria, Texj-One of rapidly growing, industries of Texas and Louisianais gathering Spanish gray moss andcommercializing the product. Themoss is put through a ginning processby which the fiber is extracted. It Isthen used for upholstering, mattressesand other purposes. There are a number of these moss factories scatteredthrough southeastern Texas and eastern Louisiana. One of the largest-ofthese Is at Brazoria.In Louisiana there are probably halfa dozen large moss factories with aninvestment each of close to $100,000,while there are- a score or moresmaller plants located through the gulfcoast of. Louisiana and Texas, eachwith $6,000 to $15,000 invested.The moss is a parasite that hascaused the destruction of many millions of dollars' worth of trees. Itoften hangs in thick strands severalfeet long. Running through -the mossIs a fine, strong and dark fiber whichhas become commercially known asvegetable hair. It is this fiber that isnow in grea't demand for upholstering.For upwards of a hundred years thepeople of- Louisiana and Texas havehome-cured this growth and made "exceptionally comfortable -mattressesfrom It.LONDON CHINATOWN DOOMEDOriental Population Drops From2,000 to 700 in Four Years, SaysLondon Paper.London. London's Chinatown Is fastdisappearing. Four -years ago 2,000Chinese seamen were living within astone's throw of the West India dockgates. Now it Is doubtful whetherthere Mire 700, says the Dally News.During the war London's Chinatown had Its -most prosperous days,for quite a number of British shipswere manned by Chinese crews. Butwhen the war ended the edict wentforth "British crews for British ships,"and as the Chinamen were paid offthey either went back to China or tosome other country where their laborwas In demand. Chinese traders inChinatown began to suffer and oneafter another had to put up theirshutters.Then suddenly there came a boom. Abeautiful actress died while attending an opium-smoking party. Storiess were printed about the thrills to beexperience'd in Chinese opium dens-,and public attention was focused onthe sinister alleys' and. "byways of. Cfytoajown, but gradually the noveltywqre off.- , .WAR-OFFICER WEA'RSW SUITJohn- Mafrtyn Sets, Example. ior RigidEconomy With 'Clothes MadeFrom Flour Sapks..Washington. An example of economy in line with that now exercised!.;throughout the army has been set thecivilian employees of the War department by John Martyn, private .secretary to the secretary of war. He Isboasting the cheapest suit, of clothesever worn by a department officer,proudly admitting that It was fashioned from -three flour sacks, purchased In Panama at a cost of $1each. The tailor's fee brings the totalcost of an outfit to $9, Mr. Martynsaid.TREE SET BY KING IS DEADSoil In Front of Pennsylvania CapitolIs Too Rich for Tree Plantedby Belgian Monarch.Harrlsburg, Pa. Thfc larch treeplanted by the king of the Belgiansat the time of his visit to Harrlsburgin 1920 and the companion tree planted in honor of Queen Elizabeth infront of the state capitol have diedbecause the ground was too rich. Thetrees were planted in the midst offlower beds where the soil has beenfertilized for more than a century forgardening purposes.The Foch tree planted by the Frenchmarshal is thriving.Yank Relief Cuts Russ Cholera.vPetrograd. Cholera has been reduced to an almost negligible numberof cases this summer In Petrograd asa result of sanitary measures invokedby the medical forces of the "Americanrelief administration through purification of ttiexlty'a.aterujppjy and-tbtaaoculntlon of TS.OOOjrtow.r11112 or 3of Baking PowderAre Not Worth the Price OneIf they are the "big can andcheap" kind because theymay mean baking faHtfr es. .CALL METThe Economy BAKING POWDERDon'tletaBIGCANor a very low pricemislead you. 'Experimenting with anuncertain brand is expensive because itWastes time andmoney.The sales of Calumetare oyer 150 greaterthan that of any otherbaking powder.n jj A8C IYA TWPllUMflA V CONTBNTStl KBEST ST TESTTHE WORLD'S GREATEST BAKING POWDERXI1X!1IIXIX1XIXiXaXi:Xi; A:Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors "Telephone No. 4The Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky,3XK(LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGnp77tttE willvvyou when y.ou -,1need our assistance. .,MJe willcourteously andiaiiniuuy.trained in -thf moatmodern 'methods ofour scientific profession.?Two -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTS "NiSttienth St, NMr MaisJfLu.CansV-"f.'A1X1West Fif h StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!-X.iiWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and.-solicityour patronage.&9il.SioaijycounsePserve you 'LJH IIwe are 5'-ft!BotkPfcui.-. fctivii'i ,vSx rS&ildmMfAs nSMSjSJS!"t - "SL ' H-- -itJ .!.. r-Y-.r ' I? ; .V . - s iV-1T5.a-L --f-L -, k'w. .-- - M-AA, y-f "r-rni?rr,3.;-? I..55 ,,-"$ .5. --J.Xz,-J',--.N -PARISx FRIDAY, OCTOMJ , IfFAGIBGHTA.THE,BOURBONAn'Wi iCi&lfc.--.'!MLLERSBURGVYnA :i t'VriycX' vvffcoa Coiitj V bollege Townbt'JI 'MATRIMONIAL- ijr -t -t iTrtjfti;j "" .J-Dr. W. G. Pailey, who has beenSill,for several days, is able to be outarag&in.. Mr. George 'K. Boulden, is critw Really ill at the home of Dr. C. B.TRlth., -"Mrs. Charles It. Jones is visitTiau her cousin, Mrs. Frank Moore,-'Of Lexington, Va. ". Mrs. Tom Brown visited hert -aunt, .Mrs. Mollie Rice, who is critically, ill in Paris.Mrs. Bertie Wilson left Mondaytfor Cincinnati to visit her son andfor a business trip.Mr. and Mrs. Murdock, of Cedarvflle, Ohio, are guests of their..daughter, Mrs. W. W. Morton." Miss Mary Agnes Purnell, ofT?aris, is the guest 'of Miss Eugenia"Wadell and Mrs. .Torn Prather.Miss Judith Beeding, of Lexington, is guest, of her sisters, Mrs.'XL.tfk'. Hurst and Mrs. S. H. Endicott.-iiBev.M. M. Adams, of Louis-villetwill enter upon his pastorate;at 'je Baptist church Sunday"morning.w Mr. and Mrs. Parley Evans leftSunday to spend the winter with3frs7 ' Jane ' Letton, in' Nicholascbunty.' si " ' - K-H-MrJ'-aW'Mrs. Julian Allen -andaby have returned from a visit"With " 'r elatives' ' in r : Frank'for t andTennesser' -:, .-'tu -sLrrtfe 'la'dies tJf :'ltne":c Missionary. "Society' of the Methodist ctiurch will-JBeirodiblesSalurday in the vacant-reom"itf the 'Sandifsky "building, onataih 'street:'' w"' ' " ' '-Mt i ' ah'd ' Mrs. Charles " Car--rmgtoh and cfiilafen'!of Ravenna,fcr'-Carrlrigtoh of Tampico, Mexico,are 'guests of Mrs. Carrington's par--ektsMr: and; Mrs. J. F. McDaniel.' V. LOST Somewhere between3?aris and-Millersburg, a small tar--'paTfliri. Will give suitable reward"-to one returning same toFRANK ' FUSSNECKER,lt) Millersburg, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre,r Miss Mattie Mclntyre, Miss Caro-lyne Mclntyre, Mrs. R. M. Hurst,3Kss Ruth McClintock, Dn H. M.jBoxley and Mrs. Boxley were amongthose attending the Sunday .School-convention of the PresbyterianN -church, Wednesday, which convenedJn Winchester this week.fc'E&ofd of Ban:?Cuid,4 , Doings 'AiThelDayrGo By .A marrtnge Jicense was -issuedyesterday from the office- of CountyClerk Pearce-Paton, to WalthomKirk, widower, aged sixty-four, andMrs. Ada McCord; widow, ' agedthirty-eight, - both of Bourboncounty.rn'-n: fir;".' tv:MATHSw:iut.g';91...ur&mESSSiB&ama'A 'marriage license was issuedTuesday from office of the CountyClerk, at Carlisle, to Miss ThelmaMcKenzie, .seventeen, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Amos McKenzie, ofBourbon county, . and Wm. Henderson, twenty-one, son of Mr. andMrs. John Henderson, of near Carlisle.MOORE STEVENSOrie Stevens, of Scott county,and -Miss Lucile Moore, of Bourboncounty, were married in Georgetownat the home of the officiating minister, Rev. Mr. Simpson, of the Broadwell, Presbyterian church. .WAUGH MITCHELLCharles Mitchell; twenty-one,and Miss Lillie Waugh, twenty-four,were .married . Wednesday afternoonat five o'clock, Judge George Batterton performing the ceremony infy is private office, in the court house.. . JAMESON PUCKWORTH. 7-rFmends. in this city have received cards announcing the?? recentmarriage . of Miss Ami Jameson tdMr. , Andrew Duckworth, in Columbus, OhiOv- -. y-, The bride is a daughter jfithelate, Amos , Jameson -. formerly . ofMillersburg, and :is well-known andveyy popular here and in her formerhome, where she spent her earlier.years After the death .of her mother, she resided for several yearswith her sister, Mrs. A. L. Slicer, inParjis, and was a student at theParis High School. She is a cultured and capable young business woman. Her many friends in Parisare extending sincere good wishesfor a life of happiness and prosperity.u&-n"sps,Jm1 ewt . That;All Mnst PayiHOWSEX message was .received in thiscity yesterday from Carlisle announcing the death there yesterdayat noon, of Mrs. Mary ElizabethHowse, aged sixty-six, after a shortillness.Mrs. Howse was tme ii the bestknown residents of Nicholas county,and was well-known in Paris, whereshe had been frequently at the homeof her daughter, Mrs. RudolphDavis. She was the widow of RollaHowse, a prominent farmer of Nicholas county, -who preceded her tothe grave many "years ago. Mrs.Howse was a woman of fine character, a lifetime member of the Baptist church, and was highly esteemed in her community and elsewhere for her many virtues.Mrs. Howse is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Rudolph Davis, ofParis; her mother, Mrs. J3. V. Stanley, of Carrol ton, Mo.; three sisters,Mrs. J. C. Shima, of Carrollton, Mo.,Mrs. J. L. Minnis, of Long BdacK,Cali., and Mrs. C. L. Rea, of KansasCity. Mo.j two brothers, Samuel andRobert Stanley, of . Carrolton, Mo,The funeral will be lield at thefamily home in Carlisle at 2:.30o'clock to-morrow '(Saturday) afternoon, with services conducted, byRev- Jos.Connellj pastor, of the. Carlisle, Baptist church., The intermentwill, follow on- tbe family lot in th,eCarlisle Cemetery. The pall-bearerswill be'.-JohnRoss,, MsvV-Bostein,William 'Ranking Mason- Hamilton,Dr. Ed. .A- ampbell,t S. W. Willett,W. d', Xoung,Dan Mitchell. .,,tfHLfvrW '-i- l .- vLJI-Bpf fm!.Mj - f-JL UX- "-JuPAGEANT OF PROGRESSBOURBON COUNTY HIGH SCHOOLNOTESMrs. Russel Hurst and littleson, Russell, are visiting her par--nts, Mr. and Mrs. Horine, in Nicholasville.Supt. J. M. McVey was a visitor- sat the school Wednesday.A number from the faculty andstudent body attended the reception' .t the - Christian church Mondayevening, which was given the members of that denomination for theschools of Millercburg. All reportedl very enjoyable time.A Redpath Lyceum Course hasIfreen assured for Millersburg.through the united effort&jjof the.Military Institute, MilleisJK&g College, and the High ScHool. The- "!2first number will be given Octoberi6 by .the Alexander Trio.A11 arrangements are being perfected for the fair October .13, onthe "High School grounds. The ladies of the Parent-Teacher Associa-'tion will 5erve lunch on that day.Booths will be erected for the selliing of peanuts, xjrackerjack andotker goodies. The Greendale Band,I -consisting of twenty-five members, IJTls to furnish the mysicvfor the oc, csion.' Come aud' bring all the fam31y andliave a good time.Mr. Harold Harris, Secretary ofirSEhe Paris Commercial Club made at talk to Jthe facility and student bodyv Amd visitors Wednesday morning on-ke uliect of "Fire Prevention inbocrvafcee of Fire Prevention Week.' Tke "visitors present were MesdamesHrMp" Mastin, Harry Fay, R. C.Biar, Clara.Dabney, Henry Boling,-Arthur Plummer, Joe Riggs, Mrs.-Cunningham; Messrs. I. W. Bush,Saxold .Harris, of Paris, and D. E.sClarke.FRONK METZGERAnnouncement has just beenmade of the marriage of Miss PearlFronk, of Cynthiana, -and Mr. HenryMetzger, of Paris, which was quietly solemnized on September 9, inCovington, by Rev. H. H. Webb, pastor of the First Christian church, ofCovington.The bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. T. Fronk, of Cynthiana,and was for a long time a memberof the operating force in the exchange of the Paris Home TelephoneCo. She is a lovely young woman,exceedingly attractive of person andmanner, and popular with a widecircle of friends, who will send expressions of congratulation and goodwill.Mr. Metzger is the son of Mr. andMrs. Max Metzger, of Paris, and forseveral years was an auto mechanic in the employ of the WhiteFront Garage, in this city, and wasformerly connected with the Louisville & Nashville railroad, as machinist, h He is a young man ofsplendid character.Mr. and Mrs. Metzger have beenon their honeymoon trip for severalweeks, returning to Paris, wherethej will reside in the future. THENEWS extends congratulations andgood wishes to this most estimablecouple.o jSUMMARY OF WEATHER AND.CROP CONDITIONS2:00 to 5:00. PRICESAdults TacTcChildren.... 10cSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsI Adult Book5 TicketChildren Book15 Tickets..,..!$1-On Sale at Box OfficeE5S 55555CSE3ES55C5St.w-virmrmiAT&3&frejJiE3&? &?35etJ2TJki touct,ioaenGRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults ,..30cGallery ...20cChildren a . . 1 OcMARK TWAIN'S GREATEST, COMEDY; so. 5! i --AConneeticut YankeeAn. King Arthur's Court'The crowds have come from everywhere to see the Connecticut YankeWerCyou there to see them? If not, come to-day it's your last chance.Saturday- GEORP1foDFTroNURICE Saturday' The Man From Home'with JAMES KIRKWOODA love drama as warm as the Italian Skies under which it is filmed.AXSO PATHE HEWSAM) SUNSHDIE COMEDY, "A PERFECT VILLAIN"MONDAY Wm. Fox Presents MONDAYWILLIAM PARNUMin "SHACKLES OF GOLDA great picture, from a great playV with great star An intense dramain which the loss of millions paved the way to wedded love: ,ALSO "ADVENTURES OF B0BINS0S CBUSOE,"AND PATHE REVIEWCHAPTER N0. 4,CALIFORNIA HEN HAS EGG-LAY-wING REORD .I -J-One of "'the best amusementsevents of "the coming' week will ' bethe Pageant of Progress, to be givenin Lexington next week under theauspices of the Lion's Club, of thatcity. The program embraces a largenumber-vof amusement features, including Dare Devil Doherty, whodoes a thrilling bicycle loop-the? Iloop and jump-the-gap act. Theevent promises to be one that willattract hundreds of amusement I0V7ers. The Pageantwill be given forthe benefit of The Boy Scouts, ofLexington, and will be a "hummer"in every respect. Remember, theshow starts on Monday, October 9'.4The world's egg-laying record wasbroken", "according--te officials-of --the-'California farm federation, whenColumbia Belle, a White LeghornIhen belonging io-Mex? 'Stewart, ofSanta , Cruz, ,California laid her324th egg-on the-last 'day of a con-Jtsst that.as bee,n in progress for.st year. The former record was 315,eggs in a'year, 'made -in 1921 by apure "White Leghorn. from the Hollywood poultry farm' of Hollywood,.Washington.oN0W IS THE BEST TIME.Now is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS " JOB DEPARTMENT, vWOMAN, 84, GETS.PIRST SIGHTOF RAILROADMOTICE TO TAXPAYERS.THE TIME LTKTT IS GROWINGH0ET. CALL AT THE TAX COM-3OSSI0NER'S OFFICE IN THECOTJRT HOUSE, AND LIST YOURl TAXES- ' BEN WOODFORD,TAX COMMISSIONER. '"-5W0MAN JURY UNABLE TO REACH. AGREEMENTThe first - jury, composed entirelyt) women in Bath county served at'-th .trial, of Wbert Norris, chargedrwith .transporting; whisky. "Afterrnsarly an hour's, deliberation theyTiai-come to no agreement, eight being" for acquital and-four for.convictlojL The jury -was composed ofrs, . F. Owsley, Mrs. Rees Wells,tMts. Johnson Shrout, Mrs. LewisSMcCoy, Mrs. John Snedegar, Mrs.SBeTbeJx Manly, , Mrs. Artie Toy,3frs. Aitfherst Wells,, , Mrs. HarryIKlien, Mrs. Thomas Crouch, Mrs.vdOecar Conyers and,Mrs. Earl Crain.WELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Ver-.Millet, Ky.Phome 80.High temperature- during most ofthe .week fastened the maturity oflate tobacco, and corn; but causedsuch rapid drying of the soil thatthere was lfttle improvement in condition. Cutting of both crops proceeded rapidly. Most tobacco inthe sJQulhern-counties has been cut,but considerable burWy is still inthe field. The long period of dry,warm .weather has caused the firstcutting f vtobacco to cure rapidly,with a good ' color, - and withoutdamage from sweating. Some of Itis" about ready to strip. Earlycorn in the shock is well dried out,and some" is Hry enough to crib.The week4 was too hot and dry forlate potatoes, which range in .condition from poor to fair in most localities. In most of the crop theplants are still green,-but are smalland are not doing well. Some ofthe earliest planting are' being dug,with light yields. The weatherwas favorable for completing theharvest of cowpea and alfalfa hay,and for filling silos. The few scattered showers reached only a smallarea,, and plowing is being seriously delayed by dry soil. - What-seeding has been done, mostly ofcover crops, has been accomplishedunder unsatisfactory conditions asto .drilling, and germination. Butlittle wheat has been sown. .Eastures continue poor in most localities, having lost most that wasgained ffom tlie last rains. Exceptplowing and seeding, which awaitrain, farm work is well advanced.Conditions were,favprable for gathering and marketing fruitMrs. Sarah Pitcock, 84, of Glasgow, Ky., saw a railway train forthe first time in her life whenbrought from her home in Monroecounty, where she had always resided, to the depot at Glasgow. Sheregarded the locomotive as thegreatest 'wonder she had ever seen,but said that she would finish outher life without ever riding on tatrain. She is an invalid and has tobe carried where she goes.D0N"T BURN LEAVESBurning leavejfaK tjiis time of theyear is said to cause diphtheria:Citizens shouldV take every precaution 'to prevent such a malady getting a foothold here. There is acity ordinance forbidding . burningof leaves, and providing a penaltyfor same. Don't burn 'the leaves.Use them for fertilizer.PROTECT THE BIRDSThere are more quail ""in thiscounty this fall than f or manyyears, and they should be protecteduntil they become" numerousenough to justify killing a few. Especially . should the professionalhunters be kept out. We hope thatthe various game reserves will seeto it-that the birds have protectionthfs fall. ' foTOBACCO CROPS SAID TO BEFINELONG-SOUGHT GRAVE FOUND ONBATTLEFIELDA search ot many years wasended when Bishop Warren A.Chandler, of Atlanta, found thegrave of Captain Jack C. Curtwrighton the Perryville battle field, hadthe remains disinterred and shippedto "Georgia for burial with militaryhonors by surviving Confederates.Captain Curtwright was the fatherof the Methodist clergyman's wifeFor sixty years the family hadknown only that his faithful negroservant had buried his body wherehe fell on a battlefield in Kentucky.Various cemeteries had been visitedand success crowned the Bishop'svisit to' Perryville.GRAND Hn, ,c,rOne Nightj- i iiiigjg Thursday, Oct. 121m Wifij .'VrTi Tj ,1J-A-COBURN'SMINSTRELSWith DAN MOLTand Thirty-Five i MinstrelThe GeorgiaCotton BlossomEntertainersEdw. C. Clifford, Minstrelsy's Premier Baritone. Boys cfthe Harmony Club with Karl Denton DeVaro and DeCarlo Black Face Comedy Bar Entertainers.PRICES 50c, 75c, $1.00 PLUS WAR TAXSEATS ON SALE TUESDAY AT ALAMO AND OPERA HOUSEBourbon News Advertisers Get Results- jWhile Bourbon countyJs corncrop is' said to be below the average and the hay' crop is not quiteequal to last year's yield, the tobacco crop will be a full average,and perhaps the best raised in thecounty in recent years. The greaterpart has been cut and housed, andhaving been planted early is fullymanured. Competent judges whohave been over the county duringthe past, few days state openly andwithout reservation that Bourbon'county growers have most excellentcrops' of tobacco.This is taken to mean the best.thing in the world, "Joinoperative Association, andbest prices for your tobacco.'BIRTHS; To the wife of PL. McClanahah, on South Main street, on 'Wednesday morning, sfdSUgliteivi weightv pounmiJtuizaMin juuxStthe Coget theWhen you see some men working'you undersand why they prefer todo it by the day.One' man tells ushis" coal -has soinslates, but he estimates it to beabout ten karat,vWONDERFULSHOEFor all this week. Newest autumn styles are now here, pothergreat offering of Paris' Greatest- Shoe Store that will appeal to themost econbmical shoppers of Paris and vicinity. ADVANCESALE of newest Fall F5otweart startling iow prices. Buy at thisstore and save the difference.VALUESLadies' new Fall Satin Strap Slip?pers, low and cushion heel. Agreat value. SpecialS2.85'Ladies newest Fail Styles Patentand Tan lace Oxfords. Wonderful values. Sale price $3.45 and$3.95Ladies' and Growing Girls' newest.FalL Shoes and Oxfords. Low"rubber heels. On sale atSpecial Ladies' Tan Lace ' Oxfords,English toe; rubber -heels, $3.00values. On sale .at jWALKOVERS NewestAutumnStyles ..areNb,wHeree-::- - --vMen's newest 'Fall. Show that! combine style and quality $2.95,$3,45 andBoys' and Girls' School Shoe. Trueeconomy in every pair. Boys andYouth' newest Tan EnglishShoes. Rubber heels. Special$2.95Boys', .Youths' and Little Gents'School Shoes in tan leather. Size10 to 6. Very special$1.99Misses. ;ind Chilrens' . Tan LaceSchool Shoes at'a wonderful sav-All sizes 8 up to 2mi$1.99POSNEBDAN COHEN STANDxBROS336 MAIN STREET-.s..feiil a. 8ffifr.if.5sJt'kr:LZ,.s-i,s..Z, 1Wh. jfui "WJ5"3f ;&&W1&!-31S! -Wtatl, i.(.MadL-OffC&vSs. ifS"mjt?S. '?- "3i?C'J: Nv r i- ?:s3- ,sE'???sfCK.-fe':r ta56sv V:Ty xi-&3'&ymfe V .... -y-v si i-fe5Ss iA ii'?Ji"UrA:-iVjr"vsry.,