V7L V;'... . : -!t:&, tAr1t 'rft5'tf e$ ;,",PUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAYANDFRIDAY IN THE YEAR.tr.?1 .4VOLUME, XL 1 1PARK, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1922COURT NEWSFARMERS ;GET POINTERSBUTCHERING AT HOMEONTOBACCO PRICE SCHEDULEAGREED ON BY ASSOCIATIONTHEBOURBONNEWSfirTral 3 -i4mi1wt.4s. !" J 'vtfIfH4v - -.Jfc'W533, 'Vf"if IFtffe4 HV4vJv-y?:.h:.vS&H1923May thejoys of the HolidaySeason "be yous Without measure; and the- coming year befilled with prosperity and hapJ0Z4 ' :Sfitt?TiceryioraiccL.J7 A, ryjfts.r(fiRUEN WATCHES?'THE PRIDE OF PARIS"jr ' c ',. i"- in..':??H2f'T ..; v " .i ' - 4-ftr- , v. -.v . -.- ' A'.. HF. IK-JH - - - -'J3 .'tf.ietty-v jge..s---Ghristmasj-dj6.lJ'4and7 - ,"A HappyNew YearFor- Everybody"A-z1sV? f f JsxIittmeTrsflnTZui t1 rDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYifJ?i ll!Will Gatwood, eighteen-year-old6olored boy, who was arrested byChief of Police Link, on a chargeof burglarizing the meat store ofWhaley & Watson, on Twentiethstreet, was given a. hearing in theCounty Court before Judge GeorgeBatterton, and held to the grandjury at the March term of theBourbon Circuit Court" in the sumof $350. In default of bail he wasremanded to the custody of JailerTaylor. Gatewood is 'suspected bythe police of being implicated in anumber of robberies that have occurred in Lexington, as well as others in Paris, which are under investigation. Robert C. Talbott and VirgilChapman, of the, .law firm of Franklin, Talbott & Chapman, of Parisand Lexington, attorneys for theplaintiff in a suit"" bronght in theFayette Circuit Court by KatherineBooth, administratrix of John R.Booth, Lexington, against' the Lexington Utilities Company, for $50,000 damages. Booth was killed byan electric shock while working onelectric light equipment on SouthAshland avenue, in Lexington, onOctober 10. Booth was an employeof the Utilities Company at the time.The petition alleges that Booth'selectrocution was a "direct andproximate result of gross negligenceand carelessness" on the part of thedefendant company,i It was announced at the office of, the Clark County Sheriff Saturday' that the three Winchester girls wholed Chief of Police Link a merrychase through thev Louisville &. Nashville yards in this city Friday,after they had made their escapefrom a police matron in Covington,may never be taken into custody.I The young women, Sallie Green,.18, Grace Barker, 18, and Mrs. Elizabeth Gray, 29, were being takenfrom the Winchester jail, wheiethey had been confined, under theFederal quarantine 'act, to a convent in Covington, in charge ofMiss Kate Keys, of Winchester.They gave her the slip in, Covington, and hired a taxi driver jto bringthem to Paris, where they refusedto pay him and made their escape,after a long chase by Chief of Police Link. They caught an outgoing freight train in the South Parisyaids and are now at their homesnear Ford, in Clark county. TheClark county Sheriff states thattheir sentence has expired apdtherefore they are not legallywanted.' In the County Court Judge Geo.Batterton appointed Jasper McDonald as administrator of the estateof the late James J. Haggard. MrMcDonald accepted the trust andqualified by furnishing bond in thes.um of $1,000, with James McClureas surety. xThe Bourbon-Agricultural BankHeadquarters for the EfficiencyCommission the body which willmolro la afltttr rt Ctoia A ATriOTm4n& Trust Company qualified as-Tnd institutions with a view ofequtor.of the estate of th,e lateMrs.Anna Lee Washington Clay, thebond -being, fixerat $5,000. .By theterms .of Jier, will, which waa dated-two -weeks -before her death, she-ieaves .all her, property of all kindsto her son, jEjsekiel Fields Clay, Jr.,. twelve -years old, ..y in- the count;?- court Judge sattenon ueru me 'case - aRinisi w iu.Gatewood, colored boy, charred with'Stealing an auto tire and, wheel, be; longing: to su Paris woman. The evi, dence, .being, conclusive Gatewood,who is already under bond to appear before the grand jury on anoilier charge, was held to the Marchterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court.HAKDKAN DENIES DEATHThat oft-quoted remark of MarkTwain's, "The report 6f my deathis very much exaggerated," wasused by Scobee Hardman, of Austerlitz, who was acquitted Mondayof last week, at Winchester, of thecharge of killing Leon Renaker, the."turkey king."I Various reports were in circulation to the effect that a relative ofRenaker had shot and killed Hard, man, while the latter was walkingdown the street in Winchester Saturday. Telephone inquiry of Winchester and Austerlitz elicited denials of the shooting, and Hardmanwas later heard from, stating thathe wasx still aliver He had been inWinchester during the afternoon,returning to his home about sixo'clock. He also heard the reportwhile he was in Winchester, and thefact that he was alive and walkingaround disproved the rumors. Howthey started he was at a loss to determine.CAR AND TRUCK COLLIDEA touring car, owned and drivenby James Connell, of Paris, collided'with a truck owned by attorney,Wade H. Whitley, of Paris, at jthecorner of Main and Eighth streets.The touring car was badly damaged!"but the "drivers escaped injury. Thetruck escaped, .also. ,,Farmers in an increasing numberof Kentucky counties are gettingnew pointers on th'e best, methods "touse in killing and curing meats ontheir farms ap the schedule of meetings and demonstrations .being heldover the' State by the extension division of the College of Agriculturegoes forward, according to GradySellards, swine extension specialistof the college, who is in charge ofthe work. The most recent meetings have been held in Logan, Barren and Daviess counties with a totE)l attendance of more than 250farmers.Just how to take care of thepork chop cut in butchering hogsso that local butchers over theState can take care of the surplusmeat to the best advantage seems tobe one 4f the chief' difficulties offarmers who do their own butchering. Unless this cut is taken outin the same manner on the farmthat packers use, it is impossiblefor butchers to use the surplus porkchops that farmers wish to sell, Mr.Sellards says. One Russellvillebutcher offered to pay 15 cents apound for any surplus pork chopsfarmers in that section of the Statemight have, provided they weretaken out of the carcass by the correct method. 1In following the method of packers in taking out the pork chopcut, the back is first split and thenabout the upper one-third ofthe side, containing the pork chopsand the clear fat back is removed.These two then are separated leaving the pork chops with the rightamaunt of back bone and rib onthem.Many farmers in cutting up theirpork carcasses now make the mistake of marring this pork chop cutby carying it Unto several pieces.This maikes it impossible for thelocal butcher who buys surpluschops from the farmer to cut offnhnnQ frT Tria i-mAn A-nnYtn- od !vantage in taking the chops out bythis method is the fact that theloin can be be separated from therest of the chops and canned orused for sausage. This latter pointis especially desirable in view of thefact that there is seldom enoughlean meat resulting from the farmbutchering to make good sausage.The schedule of prices that willby asked for the tobacco crop of1922 in the hands of the BurleyTobacco Growers' Co-operative Association has been agreed, upon bythe members of the Executive Committee, of which President James C.Stone is the ex-officio head, and;while these prices were not madepublic, it was said that they wouldgive the growers a fair margin ofprofit on the crop and still wouldnot be regarded as exorbitant fromthe standpoint of the manufacturers. Probably a dozen Inquiries already have come to the offices of heBurley co-operative from leadingAmerican manufacturers and from)brokers' acting for various interests,but it is the general opinion of thetobacco trade, it was said, that the1922 crop in the hands of the co-operativewill be sold soon and mostof it in winter order, so that thegrowers will not have to redry it norhold it for an unreasonable time.The office staff continues preparing the 75,000 checks that will benecessary to pay the third and finalpayment on the 1921 crop. Between$4,500,000 and $6,000,000 will bedistributed to the growers of the1921 crop, in addition to the millions now being paid as an advanceon the delivery of -the 1922 crop.Four of the twenty-six growerssued by the association for breakingtheir contracts have settled . withthe' association by paying ' theamount claimed of them as liquidated damages. Other suits are beng prepared and the field service division is keeping a closeand careful check on all cropspledged to the ass6ciation andevery crop not delivered to the association will result in steps beingtaken to protect the association'sinterests, it was said at the officesof the legal department.o-TNEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE, BS BATH, GAS, " ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATE!) ONNORTH CLPTON AVENUE.' BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tn 'oEFFICIENCY COMMISSION TO BEGIN WORK THURSDAYp'uttihg.the affairs of governmenton a- business basis,1. "Will be" established in the office oi the clerk ofthe house of representatives ajtFrankfort. Mexhberi'of the commission met, but adjourned - untilThursday without taking any ation on the proposal' of - variouscompanies -for makiaga stutiy-of the)government.' - ' ; -. . ---A prospectus prepared--by 'HenryE. James; State inspector ;amd -exramlner,' was preseated to the comimlssion'and copied werev giten' torthe members to study It is understood that the prospectus 'coversthe work of the various departments of State government. '.No action. on the selection ofasuccessor to J. Guthrie Coke,, ofAuburn, was taken at the meeting.Members present were ChairmanCatesby Spears, of Paris, John Stoll,of Lexington, and Gabe Wharton,of Springfield.PLEASANTLY SETTLED FOR THEWINTER -DRUG STORE ROBBEDThe Miller & Saloshin drug store,in Lexington, or which Jakie Saloshin, formerly of Paris, is the junior partner, was robbed the othernight by thieves who had evidentlygained an entrance by hiding therewhen tfie store was locked for thenight. The loot taken included asmall sum of money, five gallons ofalcohol, and a quantity of drugsand other merchandise. The robbery was discovered when a clerkcoming to work found the frontdoor partly openSANITARY INSPECTORS TO YUEftCOUNTIESPublic health workers in Kern-tucky soon will be graduated froathe School ot Public Health, operated jointly by the State Board oCHealth and the University of La-isville, in January. These mea allwill be sent to counties Out im theState, and the Board of Healtk. ., . . . -now is prospecting inquiries to Jwhere they are most needed ,- aadwhere they can be usedv most effectively. Each of these men, in addition tohaving pursued technical and theo-;retical studies in the School ofPublic Health, last summer waagiven practical work under the supervision of the health officer in oaerof the full-time health departments. In connection with its preseatinvestigation of the places wherethese men are the most badlyx needed, he State Board of Health alsois conducting an investigation tosee whatis the general need forsanitary inspectors, in order that,if it is found desirable, the facilities offered this class of publichealth workers in the School ofPublic Health may be expanded.yPARIS CITY SCHOOLSI shall be at the-fcity School alL.next week, and shall be glad to seenew students who expect to entersthe Paris Schools January 2.Mid-year examinations will begiaMonday, January 15, and the second semester will begin Monday, -January22. A new Freshman HighSchool class will start January 22.We hope that every teacher in thecounty who has pupils completing:the Eighth grade will have themready for the January county diploma examinations and have themready to enter high school January22. Teachers and parents interested in the beginning of their newFreshman class are invited to callany day next week at the CitySchool. 'LEE KIRKPATRICK, Supt. - ,FORMER BALL PLAYER ILLJeff Brown, of Lexington, who iswell-known to the baseball fans ofParis as a ljall player of more thanlocal reputation, is seriously ill atthe home of his sister, Mrs. C. LvSayre, in Lexington. , Brown was avbrilliant player, and is known allover Central Kentucky as an hon-jest, square player.r- ')Representative and Mrs. JamesCampbell Cantrill. who left recently for Washington City, afterspending some time in Lexington,are pleasantly settled in an apartment at the Franklin Square hotel.Mrs. Cantrill had with her for thefirst meeting of the CongressionalClub last week Mrs. Richard Tasker Lowndes, of Danville, who isspending the winter at Washington because her son, Mr. RichardLowndes, is taking a special courseat the George Washington University, and Mrs. Harrison GardnerFoster, also there for the winter.Mr. and Mrs. Cantrill attended areception ajnd met Clemenceau.Washington is extremely gay nowwith brilliant affairs in variety andprogress. Mrs. Cantrill was askedto manage . the debutante's ball onthe 16th and a children's dafliceDecember 30th.A lot of chaps are willing to do imost anytning tor success except towork., for. It.I Envy amifcjealouayarethe twinI vil liana. in-the drama. of. husiaa life.frf3- .3 lfMr Store ML .NTo Our Friends and.CustomersThe Holiday Season affordsan opportunity to express againthe pleasure we derivefrom ourbusiness relations with you andon behalf of our entire organization, we wish for you andyours A Merry ChristmasA Happy Prosperouss--ixif&!K1.Irjfr;Vs.Year.j--.Frank 68J:IV.-t 'i- i- v. II- ti SmIf'T i U' ICo. ":'i' " -i -I"' ,- Ii aa- jandNew1 II:I.t-jrxay"xcvt -- v-V -U1 s$CVW?'I 't w,- ;1VsWX4'syIm&MkmgnfPJlwVmjQV;y -c' W.yPAGfiTWTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUPKYTUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, J.$2(NII'he''cif,13!!ff a,I1HE BOURBON NEWSEftaUithed 18H--41 Tears 0$ Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffie as Mail Matter of thSecond Class.)OTJB FOREIGN BEPJiESENTATIYES. Uew York American Press Association. Ciicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphiar-N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATES"Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading "Netices,, 10 cents per line.,. xoouc, -.6 .-!. m uiatype, 20 cents per line, each issue.V- r--s tr 3 . i r .-$- T-T-r' ICards of thanks, calls on candi-dates, obituaries and resolutions andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisempnts and yearly contracts1.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will beladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor-EDITORIAL FLINGSWhat has become of the old-fashionedman who, on Christmas night,used to sing: "We won't go hometill morning. Christmas comes butonce a year?"A well-educated person is one whonever believes it necessary to use aphrase from a foreign language,"'because there is nothing in ourlanguage to express it properly."If all the pies used in the UnitedStates of America on Christmas"were placed rim to rim they wouldmake a double row across the continent. Christmas is surely some-day!wDr. Bill Smith says the farm tractor is all right in its way, but notas convertible as the farm mule,-which used to be driven to the oldfamily surrey when not engaged inthe plow.The typical Paris Kentuckian isthe main who believed last Christmas that he would be able the nextChristmas to do his Christmasshopping earlier, to buy liberallyand to pay cash.A good deal of normal Kentuckypolitics was demonstrated in the selection o"f the Normal School sites,nd the normal reaction of the public is indignation, and temperature3. bit above normal.This i$ the time of year at whichKentucky weather becomes more-fickle than a beauty, but never hjasanything of the charm of a Wo--man's changing moods, or the:fflrarmth of a coquette's kiss. -'-u After x a gentleman has. -beenieleaned '-out by a fellow whose mortality and methods he suspects, hewonders -why we speak of "playing"poker and of ''conducting" a business 'and "practicing" a profession.It is .difficult to say who is theharder worked or the more edified,tbe woman who keeps up with curTent fiction or the man who tries-to ketep up with current murder.Ijootlegging. suiciding, scandalizing, divorcing, politicing. sporting,tracing, and other kinds of daily pa2er melange.Nobody ever added up"The value of a smile;Ave know how much a dollar's worth-And -koV much is a smile;"We know the distance to the sunThe size and weight of earth;23ut ho man here can tell us justJHow much a smile is worth.It happened at the City Schooljust a few days before the adjournment for the Christmas holidays.One of the pupils was asked by his"teacher, "Can you tell me whatsteam is?" "Yes. ma'am," repliedthe pupil, a note of confidence in3ris tone. "Why steam is water gonecrazy with heat.""One morning recently two colored"womet. met near the Interurban sta-. at the corner of Fifth and High-Streets. They evidently had notaseem. each other for, some time. After an interchange of the usualJCrctig and mutual inquiries as to"How's you gitting' along?" one ofthe women asked the other: "Sallie, when's you coming to see me?"eii, gal," -replied the one ad-dressed, 'Tse comin' jest as. soon asI gits started and doesn't stopnowheres.".Nearly thirty years ago Bob Ingersoll said he would believe inhell when Kentucky elected a Republican Governor-. What does hesay wherever he is to Scotlandhaving sent a Prohibitionist to Parliament? Miss Lloyd, who finds in his NewYork address Governor Morrow didnot reveal the slightest likeness toMarshall Foch, should at least givethe Governor credit for havingcommissioned more Colonels thanFoch ever saw..Ere long it will be possible osend a letter by airplane at leastthree miles a minute, but marriedwomen will reflect that the lattermay remain parked in one of thepockets of hubby's coat while theplane goes scooting across the sky.Some' Bourbon county farmersare becoming so spoiled by laborsaving devices they would no doubtbe delighted to hear that LutherBurbank, the plant wizard, hassrrafted the currant onto a corn-. staik and produced a- .self-shocker.The real ray of hope for Parisand Bourbon county is in those energetic men and women who are sobusy trying to do something for thegood of the city and county thatthey have no time to discuss withone another whether or not thingsare going bad.After looking at that picture ofthe lady jilted by the Kaiser, andconsidering portraits of the otherlady who led him to the altar, weare, quite unable to discover, howhe could tell them apart. Come tothink of it, perhaos that was whatwas the matter.A Paris man who has had a number of unpleasant experiences as avictim of automobile accidents,says: 'Another serious objection tobeing killed in an automobile accident is that -everybody would thinkyou were drunk, whether you really were or not."According to statistics there aretwenty-three millionaires in theState of Kentucky. Only one of thenumber is a newspaper man, and heinherited his millions. Not one ofthem made their money by runningcountry newspapers.Somehow or other it doesn't addto Christmas to make a journey ona trolly car. How glorious thememories of other days, when we allpiled into the old bob-sled, mingledwith hay and buffalo robes, and setsail for grandmother's to have areal family Christmas dinner!If only we might accept all thejoys of life a(s children accept theirChristmas toys surprised at eachgift as if it were too much to expect, satisfied with it as if it werejust what we wanted, and too gladwith what we have to be discontented over something that has notcome.The meanest man has been discovered;, but as yet not been caught.Downat Dover the other night acolored woman evangelist was conducting a revival, 'and while she waspraying. with some, of the femalesinners at the mourners' bench,"some, thief stole her $90 bank rollout- pf her stocking.Clemenceau sailed for home withthe good wishes of all and the admiration offthjkt element in Americawhich ?lpyjt?;fighter and respects'a baifctlihgveteran. If the old parliamentarian lias listened and pon'dered while on this side he will betable to tell Poincaire that American sentiment is all fed up onFrench bluster and cannot long beretained if a policy of aggression,rather thaoi that of reasonableness,is to be followed as the only wayout.-k ,A lady of stupendous dimentionsstylishly dressed, entered a Parisstore, and seated 'herself., to bewaited upon. Soon a baldheadedclerk came up to serve her. After'rejecting this ' and that pair ofshoes she decided upon a pair ofbrown Oxfords. The clerk kneltdown to lace them, and she gazedabout the room. Suddenly shelooked down and saw the man'sbald head. Thinking it was herrolled top knee she modestly threwher skirt over it. And, strange tosay, when she saw the humor ofthe situation, she did all in herpower to put the poor man at ease.oMany Needed to Save State.To be a voice outside the state,speaking to mankind or to the future,perhaps shaking the actual state topieces Ingoing so, one man will suffice. But to reform the state in orderto save it, to preserve it by changingIt, a body of workers is needed as wellas a leader a considerable body ofworkers, placed at many points, andoperating in many directions. Matthew Arnold.New to Mules."Speak gently," said Uncie Ehen"but when you try It on a mule It aim-'I ply confuses him.- Washington Star. '" ILINCOLN'S FAITH INRECALLEDPRAYERParis Henderson, of East LongBeach, a delegate to the Methodist turned to the "normalcy" it expeConference at Fresno, Cali., said rienced under eight years of Demothat in his boyhood he knew Abra- cratic administration of nationalham Lincoln well. (affairs. With less than a month of"Few men knew what an in-1 1922 remaining, a record of corntensely religious man Lincoln was," mercial disaster without parallel inHenderson said. "My first sight ofhim impressed faith in religion upon me vividly. I shall never forgetit. Lincoln live(d in Springfield andworked in Sullivan,owned a farm halfill. My iatnerway betweenthose two places, and Lincoln often (spent the night in our home. Thefirst time I saw h'im was late atnieht. He had traveled hard andarrived at our house at a late hour."That first, nleht I had eone tnsleep when he came. I awakened more ?an f?"r0tlm " many a8fiin. A A ,, i November, 1919, which was fiveas he came into the room a tall. ,. v. ,. , .,Y4" "" a - i months before the close of the sec-gaunt figure, the tallest man I had ond Wils0I1 administration. In Noever seen. He knelt and prayed I vember, 1922, after eighteen monthsbefore he came to bed, and I shall' of Republican control of the leglsnever forget the depth of his relig- lative and executive branches of theious fervor. I Government, the failures were 1,758"One day, when we were to havea contest in our Sunday school, to25-o- nrVii-'h - - --ills? 1--.-I Ti - - -I--4- I t-2 S tsee vylx-u uiic iuuiu icai 11 iuc must,verses, father got sick and couldnot take me to Sunday school on hishorse."I was crying with disappointment when Lincoln came in. Whenhe learned the reason for my tearshe begged to be allowed to take mewith him. His horse carried doubleand I rode behind him. When wereached our destination we foundthat my teacher was absent, soLincoln took my class, heard us recite and gave me the prize. It wasa Bible, and when he gave it tohe wrote his name in it."Every child for miles aroundloved "Abraham Lincoln, and theworld is realizing more and morewhat was lost through his death.We need another Abraham Lincolnin the world to-day."oDERIVATIONS OF GRASS WIDOWHow did the term "grass widow"arise? The most popular derivation, according to Pearson's Weeklyis that "grass" is a corruption ofgrace, the pronunciation of which,in the Latin is grahse.In the Middle Ages widows weresaid to be "under God's grace" fora year after their husband's death,at the end of which period theymight properly, if they wished, remarry, and so a widow in gracemeant a new widow.About the same time the wives ofthe marriages that were, in exceptional cases, annulled by thechurch, began also to be spoken ofas widows of grate, in the ratherdifferent sense that they owed theirvirtual widowhood to the "grace"or favor of the church. So, then, agrace pronounced grass widowcame to mean a wife, called a widow by courtesy.Another explanation is that, exactly as we now refer to a shamparty in a business transaction as a"man of straw," so an unmarriedwoman with a child who explainedher condition by mention of a supposedly dead husband, was contemptuously spoken of as a "widowof grass."It is in "this sense that the phraseis commonly used on the continent, whereas in this country theterm generally means a real wifetemporarily living away from herhusband.EXCHANGE 1918 WAE SAVINGSSTAMPS FOE TREASURY SAV-'INGS CERTIFICATESHolders of the 1918 series ofWar Savings Stamps, beginningNovember 15, may exchange themfor Treasury Savings Certificates,issued by the Treasury Department,according to an announcement justWar Savings Stamps will be accepted at $5.00 each, face value, inexchange for Treasury SavingsCertificates, which will mature fiveyears from January 1, 1923. Exchanges can be made at post officesor any recognized financial institution. Treasury Savings Certificates are issued in denominationsof $1,000, $100 and $25, costing$820, $82 and $20.50 each, respectively. -! Holders of 1918 War SavingsStamps desiring to redeem themfor cash, however, must wait untiltheir maturity date, January 11923.Treasury Department officials believe tliat holders of the 1918 seriesof War Savings Stamps who haveheld them for the full period offive years and have seen them steadily (grow from therice paid forthem in 1918 to their face valueof $5-. 00 will readily exchange theirstamps for Treasury Savings Certificates, which will increase invalue during the next five years inthe same manner as have the 1918War Savings Stamps.Further details reeardiner thp.foregoing may be obtained from anypostofn.ee or Savings Divisions,Fourth Federal Reserve District,Columbus, Ohio.oThese days, .there are men whodrinksomething awful,. If- youdon't believe it taste it.COMMERCIAL FAILURES UNDERHARDING ADMINISTRATIONAmerican business has not yet re-tne nistory or tne country nas already been attained.Bradstreets's report on thesubject says:'For elevenmonths of this yearfailures number 20.548. an increaseof 16.7 per cent over last year.hitherto the peak year in number offailures. In fact, there have been534 more failures in eleven monthsthan in the entire calendar year11921."Failures in November, 1922, wereinvolvingliabilities of $27,307,-This was in startling conwith November, 1919, when'the failures were only 429 and theliabilities but $5,207,596.oSome fellows fall into trouble,and others deliberately umpire ballgames.FOR RENTA 5 -room flat, Main street, withbath, electric lights and gas. Applyto D. Y. L. FARLEY,(8-tf) Both Phonnes 48.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the First National Bank, of Paris, Kentucky,will meet at their banking officeTuesday, January 9, 1823. betweenthe hours of 9 a. m. and 3 p. m.,(for the election of directors for theensuing year.W. W. HALEY, President.JAMES N. W. McCLURE, Cashier.UllJan9)TO STOCKHOLDERSThe stockholders of the Depositand Peoples Bank and Trust Co., ofParis Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January1, 1923. between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p m., to elect directorsfor the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(nov24-td)Master's Notice!JAMES CALDWELL,As jAdministrator of JOHNTAYLOR, Etc PlaintiffVs. Notice to Prove ClaimsMAGGIE JOHNSON. Etc . DefendantAll persons having claims againstthe estate of John Taylor, deceased.are hereby notified to present sameproperly proven as required by law,to the undersigned Master Commissioner, at any .time during officehours, jprior to. March 1. 1923, atwhich time all claims will be barred. Done pursuant to order .of theBourbon Circuit Court,' entered atihe November term, in the " abovestyled case therein pending.6. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. 'C. C.(19-22-26-29)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to LexingtonLexington To Paris7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. xn. 2:00 p. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. m6:05 p. m. 5:00 p. b7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m!8:15 p. m. . 7:00 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m. J.1:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TEACTJ0N & TEE1HNAL GO.(dec6-tf)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BAEBEBS-4Modem EjiipmemtExpert tmd Polite SerVieeHOT AUD COLD BATHS,L"3TS 0 T I C,ETO STOCKHOLDERSThe stockholders of the Farmers'and Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet fit their bankinghouse on Monday, January 1, 1923,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m , to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.(nov24-td)PUBLIC SALEDesirable Residence and HouseholdKitchen Effects, Etc.The undersigned executor of the estate of Laura W. Bayless, deceased, will, onWednesday, January 3, 1923on the premises at the corner of Pleasant Street and Duncan Avenue,Paris, Kentucky, beginning about the hour of 10 a. m expose to public sale her home place located on the corner of Duncan Avenue andPleasant Street,, fronting about 66 feet on Pleasant Street and extending back along Duncan Avenue about 103 feet, and being 72 feet 7inches in the rear, and having thereon a desirable brick residence ofseven rooms, bath room, and enclosed porch, and in excellent state ofpreservation and repair; heated with furnace and gas and stoves andsupplied with electric lights.TEEMS:The real estate will be sold one-third cash on delivery of deed,balance in six and twelve months, the purchaser to execute purchase'money notes bearing interest from date of sale and secured by a Ileabeing reserved in deed. Possession to be given at once.PERSONAL PROPERTYThe undersigned executor will, at the same time and place' exposeto public sale a lot of household and kitchen furniture and personal effects, including sets of furniture, tables, chairs, mirrors, dining roomset .piano, victrola, rugs, carpets, bed clothing, towels, linens and mumerous articles of a well-furnished home.TERMS:Sums under $50.00 cash, sums over $50.00 either cash or purchasermay give note with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, duefour months after date, with interest from date until paid.JOHN T. HEDGES,Executor of the Estate of Mrs. Laura W. Bayless.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(de.cl9-22-26-29-jan2)"THE BANKBe Sure You're RightWeek after week, hundreds offolk (some of them, probably,your neighbors) lose years ofearnings in worthless stocksand blue-sky "investments."Every dollar of the millionslost yearly in America throughunsound investments could havebeen saved by a five-minutetalk with a banker.Feel free to consult any of ourofficers at any time regardingthe safety and yield of investments that interest you.uBourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $25f ,100.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4XThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyNOTICETO STOCKHOLDERSThe stockholders of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., oCParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January1, 1923, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect elevea directors for the ensuing year..SAM CLAY, President.BUCKNER WOODFOORD,Vice-President and Cashier.(nov24-td)0F-andr-..-.OF SERVICE'Laundry!West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! 1vv.-ii an me mtest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.I- r&-- .;?k-.-i--- 1'Ut. A.TTIX.-v'v :,4.v. KJmJH, ", '3ams r -JVwV-V 1n.- 'TUESDAY, "DECEMBER 26, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPACE THRB,MIM ADID YOU EVER STOP TO THINKThat to meet with success in business a man should have a reputation of honor and integrity.That a city is a splendid testimonial to the forward thinking citizens who have made it possible.That the average city has juststarted to grow while the accomplishments of the p'ast. thoughgreat, are insignificent comparedwith what the future holds forthem.That with a continuous effort ofthe business men there will be noretrogression in the years ahead.That these men are the ones whowill cause a city to grow and prosper as never before.That co-operation, and co-ordinationof efforts will bring aboutprosperity undreamed of by anycity.That these men are the greatestasset a city has.That the time is ripe, the houris stricken and right now is thetime and opportunity for the citizen who has been stitting steadyto wake up, make a new start, forget the past, think of the future,get some ambition, come out of hisshell and become a live, activecity booster.That some cities should be donewith passivity in city affairs.The dentist must be cheerfuleven if he does look down in themouth most of the day.WeThankYouFor a very generous patronage during the closingyear, and wish you, oneand all aHAPPYNEW YEARThe Home of Good ThingsTo Eat.1923The Season's Greetingsand every good wish for aHappy and Prosperous NewYear.-12 01Harry LinvilleHolidayGreetingThe Spirit of the Seasonprompts us to express toyou our best wishes for aHappy and Prosperous NewYear.David FeldA1THE BUSINESS OUTLOOKThe Business Review, publishedat Cleveland, Ohio, under auspicesof the Fourth Federal ReserveBank, the U. S. Depository, and perhaps the keenest interpeter of thebusiness situation in the country,says:"We are entering the holidayseason, with its attendant spirit ofgiving and forgiving; and increasedbuying."The producer and seller of goods,with the continuing h.igh cost of labor and transportation, are makinga determined effort at fixing theprice of those goods at prices thepublic feels justified in paying."Perhaps this justification isfound in the realization on the partof the buyer of goods that as anindivadual he has given assent tothose items,, which increase production costs; such as labor and transportation. It is the seller of goodswho takes undue advantage of a rising market situation by imposingunwarranted selling prices, thatwill be cut off and left to wither inhis disregard of lessons learnedduring the recent buyers' rebellion."There has been a growing conviction with us, which this month'sreplies from our correspondents augments, that the big-visioned manufacturer does not wish to increasethe prices on his manufactured pioducts. He would prefer a larger volume on a, smaller margin of profitrather than a large margin of profiton a reduced volume of production.He feels that there is more certaintyand stability in the larger volumeand narrow margin which enableshim the better to regulate his buying and operating expenses."We know of several instanceswhere the manufacturer has absorbed the increased costs of raw materials, and other production costsrather than pass them on to the retailer or consumer. There are manyinstances where these increasedcosts have very reluctantly beenpassed on to the trade. Perhaps thisis not so much due to a spirit ofmagnanimity as to the fear of reduced demand. In either case, however, the consumer is the gainer."At no time during the publication of the Monthly Review hasthere been such a keen interest on"the part of the public for informaltion on business conditions and economic trends. Never have writtenrequests for the Review been as unmerous as at present. For reasonsunknown to us, certain monthsbring requests from different sections of the country."From this general desire for business information we might drawtwo conclusions: There is either aneagerness for a better understanding of one's own particular business, or a desire for a greaterknowledge of business conditions asa whole."In general, business men can bedivided into three classes: (1) thoseinterested only in their factory oroffice, (2) those interested in the industry or profession, and (3) thosewho have come to realize that theirfactory or office, their industry orprofession is inextricably interwovenin the national or even international business fabric. It is amighty encouraging and healthysign to see class numbers orie andtwo coming over into class numberthree. Such a view of the whole business structure and a better understanding of causes should have asobering influence against a recurrence of recent economic excessesand indulgences."AUTO AID TO SUITORSNot only has the automobilechanged many customs, but it hasbroken down another barrier between country and town. Lovelaughs at locksmiths, but until theadvent of the motor car there wasa certain line of demarcation between the town and the countrywhen it came to love making.Now the city man may have asweetheart in the country and callon her as regularly as though shelived on the next block, and . thecountry swain has a girl in townand see her as often as any citybeau.In those days the youth fromtown after calling on a rural maidoften found his buggy wheels missing or the harness cut to discourage further lovemaking trips. Thecountry boy after invading townto call on a girl sometimes foundhis saddle minus skirts and hishorse splotched with paint whenhe started home.oLIVING BY THE CALENDARA Louisvillian, twenty-one,Said to a girl. "I've lots of Mon.,Which I will gladly share with youIf you will take the giver Tue..I am in love, heels over head,Why can we not decide to Wed.?The girl replied without demur,In quaintly lisping accents, "Thur.,That is just what I'd like to try,For I can bake and stew and Fri."He took her in his arms at thatAnd on his lap she coyly Sat.Their married life a year has runAnd now they have a little' Sun.oA Model Housekeeper.A friend of mine claims that It pays'any -hotel to entertain his wife. Shealways cleans the room beautifullybefore she unpacks. W. S. Atkins, inLouisville Courier-Journnl.PERSONALSMrs Homer' G Kiser has returned from a visit to Mrs. L. E. Bellue. in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs Warren Cobb, ofWinchester, were recent guests ofthe latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs.James W. Payne, on Scott avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Madison Smoot, ofPllOOnlllTl'llA n1 rm.13.. 11.. 1 12"uoocnYiuc, me ajjciiuiug tut; Holidays in Paris, as guest of Mr. andMrs. William Remington, at theirhome on Eighth street.Mrs. J. 0. Marshall and son,William, spent part of the holidaysin Cynthiana as guest of her motherand sister, Mrs. Mary E. Lydick.and Mrs. James J. Curie.Thomas Harp, who has beenwith the Bourbon Steam Laundryfor nearly eight years, has gone toRichmond, where he will takscharge of a laundry plant.Mrs. Alex Duke, who has beenquite ill for some time at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. James B. Woodford,on Higgins avenue, is improving,and will soon be able to be out.Miss Frances Hancock has arrived from Indianapolis, Ind., tospend the holidays with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hancock, attheir home on South Main street.Walter Kenney, Jr., who hasbeen very ill for several weeks atthe home of his grandmother, Mrs.Russell Mann, on Pleasant street, isreported as being greatly improved.Miss Frances Thomason is athome from Hamilton College, Lexington, to spend the holidays withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. A.Thomason, at their home near Paris.Miss Laila Wild, of the Kindergarten School, is spending theholiday vacation with her parents,in Chicagp, and will return to herschool duties the first of the newyear.Mr. and Mrs. Coleman Renickhave arrived from Chicago, to spendpart of their honeymoon with thefoimer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. B.M. Renick, and other relatives inthis city.Miss Nell Winn Hinton is athome from Science Hill College, atShelbyville, to spend the holidayswith -her mother and grandparents,Mrs. C. 0. Hinton, and Mr. and Mrs.James McClure.Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman Wood, ofMt. Sterling, are spending part ofthe Christmas holidays in this cityas guests of the latter's father, H.C. Whaley, and family, at theirhome on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Early, ofLoveland, Ohio, are guests of thelatter's sister, Mrs. Ben H. Buckley,in Lexington. They will spend apart of the holiday season with Mr.Early's sister, Mrs. Roger Nichols,and Mr. Nichols, former Paris people. Mr. and Mrs. Wayne Cottingham were here Friday to attend thefuneral and burial of the former'sfather, Mr. A. W. Cottingham. Mr.and Mrs. Cottingham after a visitto relatives and friends in Paris,left Sunday for Atlanta, Ga., whereMr. Cottingham has been transferred in the Associated Press servicefrom Jefferson City, Mo., where t hehas been stationed for severalmonths.(Other Personals on Page 5)oNEW YEAR WATCH PARTY ATTHE PHOENIXThe following invitations onpretty cards, marked with holidayemblems, hve been issued:"You are invited to theAnnual New Year's Eve WatchPartyPhoenix Hotel Palm RoomSunday Evening, December 31, 1922Supper served after 10:30 p. m.Blue and White OrchestraMr. and Mrs. Goodloe McDowellMr. and Mrs. Brownell BerrymanMr. and Mrs. John W. MarrMrs. Frank T. JusticeCommittee." 'It is the annual custom of thehotel to give a watch party andthey are always delightful events.A watch party dinner will beserved also in the main caie of thehotel from 11 o'clock until midnight for those wishing to welcomein the New Year.oGREETINGS TO YOU, MR. R. F. D.CARRIER!Who breaksroads in rottenweather?Who brings farm and towngether,Who wears out nearly allleather?The R. F. D. Carrier.Who brings news that stirsto-thethesoul;Of crimes and scandals, strikes,coal?Whose welcome will never growold?The R. F. D. Carrier.Who's everydody's errand boyFor matron sick, or maiden coy, "Or fretful babe that wants a toy?The R. F. D. Carrier,Who fetches' circulars and packs,Honey, fresh eggs, shoestrings,tacks,Money, fish hooks, books and jacks?The R. F. D. Carrier.Eucalyptua Has Advantage.It requires more than a century fora cedar tree to grow large enoughto yield a 30-foot telephone pole. Thteucalyptua will 'attain a larger growthin SO years, and its wood is quite asdurable. v x. " 'ALL PATHS LEAD TO NEW YORKAll artists and writers gravitateto New York sooner or later, andall of them have found material towrite ,or paint on the island of Manhattan. Irvin S. Cobb's effectivestory in January Cosmopolitan,"One Block From Fifth Avenue," isas local in its atmosphere as a first!national bank or a railroad station,yet it comes home forcefully to everycommunity from Maine to California, which has sent out of its bravest and best to "conquer" as thelocal papers facetiously put it thegreat city. Briefly. Cobb tells of anice girl who thought she couldpaint, and who left the little townof Whippoorvyillville to become agreat artist in New York. But shedid ,not become a great artist. Whatactually did happen comes to thereader as a corking good surprise,ending with tragedy and pathos andan undercurrent of the broad human charity which glows so mellowly in Cobb's stories. Some folkssay George Ade is doing betterwork in these days of his fame thanever before. Hs latest crack is atthe people who have discovered assoon as they have a good bank account that there is a more delectable climate somewhere else. "Almost anyone can stand the northernwinters until a rich relative passesbeyond," declares Ade, in the Cosmopolitan. In the same number isa story by H. C. Witwer, the kindhe says he likes to write, and' avignette' of a Paris morning by thatkeen student of metropolitan humanity, O. 0. Mclntyre."DAMFINO" IS NAME OF FLORIDA HOMEHave you a little name plate onyour home? Or does it prosaicallybear merely the street number?How would you like to live in ahome named "Damfino," Thisunique appellation is inscribedover the doorway of one of the prettiest little homes in Lake Worth,Florida.In Lake Worth nearly everyhouse is named. Some of thesenames merely designate in whatState of city the occupants of thehouse formerly lived.Lake Worth is located six milessouth of Palm Beach, and its homesrepresent almost every State in theUnion. There are, many VKentuckys," one "Old Kentucky." Thereis a "Toledo" or two. There is a."Syracuse," several "New Yorks"and a "Virginia." Detroit, Bostonand Philadelphia also are represented in nameplates, as are NorthDakota, Washington and California.But not all of the houses arenamed after States and cities. Thereis that "Damfino," for example, andthen there is an attractive littlebungalow called "Welikit," whichis a nice concise way of expressingthe owner's satisfaction with lifein general. Even more enthusiasticis the name "Delitit," which wasnoticed on another bungalow.On the Dixie Highwayy, leadinginto Lake Worth from West PalmBeach, is a pert little green cottage, with white awnings and ageneral air of impudence that isenhanced by its name, "Why, TheIdea!""TOMORROW" LAND(Jackson "Times)Judge Kerr in his . history ofKentucky says we are . all wrongabout the name "Kentucky," andthe meaning we have always givenit. It does not mean "The Dark and,Bloody Ground," but "The Landof Tomorrow."That is a beautiful thought, butthe way we Kentuckians apply itis something entirely different.Anything which can be put off until to-morrow de wo so.Why not change it to "The Landof To-day." Call it "Talk Turkey,"or something meaning "RightNow." and get busy. "Talk Turkey" is just about as euphoniousas "Kentucky" anyway. The wildturkey was originally native to thewoods of Kentucky, and we have adouble claim on this "Talk Turkey" word. We ought to do something to get away from that "Tomorrow" idea. Get something doneto-day.o$4,000,000 TO BE PAID ONDEBTWith nearly $5,000,000 in theState Treasury and taxes beingpaid every day by the Sheriffs,State Treasurer James A. Wallaceexpects to reduce the State debtmore than $4,000,000 by the first ofthe year. The outstanding interest bearing warrants against theState to date amount to a littlemore than $8,000,000. By the firstof the year Treasurer Wallace hopesto have sufficient money on hand t,ocall in at least $4,000,000 worth ofwarrants.Sound Heard Round the World.Phineas Shark, the eminent statistician and mathematician, states thatIn 98.4 per cent of all the cities ofthe world it is possible to wake upat any hour of the night and hearsomebody winding a flivver DetroitMotor Newfs. ,OUR THANKSr'We thank you for your courtesies during the past year, andthat our pleasant associationsmay continue, and tha t you willenjoy a prosperous and HappyNew Year is our "wish.Ardery?TO ALL MY FRIENDSTHIS IS JUST A LITTLE GREETING, BUT IT CA55ljisiiHEAETYGOOD WISHES FOB YOURHEALTH AND HAPPINESS DURING THE NEW YEAE. ,John MerringerMAY THE YEAR1923MARK A NEW ERA OF HAPPI' NESS AND PROSPERITY OUTDONG EVEN THE BEST OFTHOSE HAPPY YESTERDAYS.TULLY BROS.Both Phones 338?1923,Heartiest Greetings andBest WishesFromMISS HOLLADAYMHiiiiiiitiiinnii,iiMminiiiiiiiiniiiiiHM'GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDrug Co.-k"L.WMI"NmI?"iVrM4MMMMHaHHaV- a.f7ta;.? ' . i-. ' "- V--V.. .- iTHE BOURBON NEWS,, : PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, DECEMBW 2Sy 1922:PAGE FOURHJHHSs',v-7 " .. - . . "I?IXhfSi?ffI -iiUfiIi.Rk1I1ii f! i' IMTAKING UNNECESSARYCHANCESEvery once tn a while we pick upa paper in which we find the publisher trifling with Uncle Sam'slaws. This is taking unnecessarychances and will sooner or laterprove 'expensive. We refer to theregulations of the postal departmentrelative to the ,publication"o lottery schemes, guessing contests, etc.The law is very plain and itsprovisions are such that any newspaper or publication of any "kindcontaining advertisements of lotteries, gift enterprises or "similarschemes" offering prizes dependingin whole or in part upon lot orchance are unmailable. This evengoes so far as to cover the publication of lists of prizes awarded- inpursuance of such schemes. Itcovers' guessing or estimating contests, drawings and rattles of everykind, general or local, whether forprivate gain or in aid of charitable,educational or religious objects, orwhether the consideration be inmoney or other things tf value. Itcovers enterprises in which prizesare distributed among purchasers ofmerchandise or among subscribersfor publications or for shares ofcorporate stock through the mediumof drawing or guessing contests.Publications containing advertisements of such enterprises or information of any kind relating to themmust be withdrawn from the mailsMATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go By ,A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of the County Clerkat Richmond, Friday, to 'Earl H.Doyle, 20, son of Alfred Doyle, ofau postofflce .i-!sssstr: ,z(with handling of mailexpected to examine publicationswith the greatest care consistentwith the proper transmission and towithdraw or exclude all such mail asrelates to lotteries or like enterprises.6Railroads are expected to run ontime," but , you've got to pay cashfor your ticket.Dvnamite is a powerful explosive and so is the man who smileswhen he gets mad. -CPUBLICSALEOFGood Bourbon Co. Farmof 2031 AcresThe undersigned administrators of Mrs. Mollie Rice, deceased, willon . .Wednesday, January 10, 1923on the premises on the North Middletown and Plum turnpike, aboutlialf-way between North Middletown and Plum, beginning about thehour of 10 a. m., expose to public sale her farm of 203 acres, lyingnext to the lands of Robert Hopkins, George Wilson and Mrs. GeorgeFlanders.This farm is divided into two tracts, one S6 acres, the other 117acres. The tract of 117 acres has on it a 2-story, 5-room framedwelling, with combined stock and tobacco barn, also pair of livestockscales, lasting water any season. , Tract of 86 acres has one small tenant dwelling, lasting water. Each tract has abundance of pike frontage. This farm will be offered first in separate tracts, then as a whole,best bid to be accepted; positively no by-bids. The High dollar buysthe ,farm.This farm has about GO acres in rye, balance in grass.Graded schools" and churches within abopt 2 miles, both at NorthMiddletown and Little Rock. fTerms made known on day of sale.Immediate possession.We will be glacLto show you this place at any time.'W. T. BRYAN,LOGAN BRYAN,J. C. BRYAN, JR.,Admrs. of the Estate of Mrs.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. ;(26-td)iMollie Rice.Farmers andTraders BanksThis bank of the Christmasspirit sends hearty Yuletidegreetings to its depositors andfriends. May the "back-log"jn the fireplace keep life's fireburning brightly on that sacredholiday. The steady progresswe have scored is, we think,good cause for our gratitudetoward those who have notfound their confidence in usmisplaced. To them greetings.To those whose acquaintance wehave yet to make, greetingsalso, and a cordial invitation tocome in and enroll their namesupon .our. bookg books, thatstand for safety, service and asincere desire to please.Think of your future happiness. Start assayings accountfor old age ahead.Deatherage, of Red House, Madisoncounty.County Clerk Pearce Patonissued marriage licenses Friday tothe following: Fred C. Ray, 32,painter, and Miss Catherine Perkins, 22, both of Lexington. Mr.Ray is a son of Mr. and Mrs. MosesRay, and Miss Perkins is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Perkins,all of Lexington; Robert T. JNeal,26, son ofMr. and Mrs. Gillard Neal,and Miss Beatrice Fuller, 23, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Fuller,both of Paris; Jas. C. Bartlett, ofAkron, Ohio, and Miss Lona McCord, of Paris, daughter of Mr. andMrs. P. J. McCord.McCORD BARTLETTMiss Lona McCord, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. P. J. McCord,, of thiscity, and Mr. James C. Bartlett, ofAkron, Ohio, were married at thehome of the bride, on Clifton avenue, Friday evening. Only themembers of the immediate familieswere present to witness the ceremony, which was performed by Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. After the holidays Mr. and Mrs. Bartlett will return to Akron, where they will maketheir home in the future.' '" j7 -Ji J l fc f5 - . r. . a iri jj . jJT lLODGE NOTESAt a meeting of BourbonLodge, No. 26, I. O. 0. F., the Initiatory Degree was given to VernonStamper and one petition was received for membership.Mayor E. B. January, alwaysthoughtful of the orphans and dependents, purchased through a localpoultry firm a number of fine turkeys, which were shipped to theOdd Fellows' Orphans' Home, atLexington, for their Christmasfeast. Among other things he forwarded a neat sum of money, contributed by members of the localhodge. ',, 0,A NOTE OF APPRECIATION 'rLexington, Ky., Dec. 23, 1922."Ed. THE NEWS, Paris, Ky."This is to wish you, in the nameof the Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association, the happiestChristmas and tlhe most prosperousNew Year of your lives. The pastyear has been a memorable vone forthe Burley tobacco district. Seventy-seventhousand growers havesigned a declaration of independence. The newspapers have beenlargely instrumental in bringingabout this result. sThe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association appreciatesall that you have done for the Burley tobacco growers and for all thepeople of the district. It is not toomuch to say that bufc for the unselfish and patriotic aid of the county papers tne Association never.would have, been formed."With sincerest good wishes andgrateful appreciation of your cooperation, we are,"Freternally yours, ,THE BURLEY TOBACCO GROWERS' CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, "J. SHERMAN PORTER,"Publicity Director.J , 4-.-"-, ,yFarmers andTraders BankTHOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANFire, Wind and Lightning InsurENCHANTED DISTANCESf t.-vnWBBBBS9A company of distinguished officials of the Royal Bank of Canadacame here to inspect properties "in1Eastern Kentucky, where Canadianinterests own a vast tract of virgintimber and have built the Big Sandy& Kentucky River Railroad to develop the rich holdings in Magoffinand other counties.On the other hand about twentyyears ago there was a considerableexodus of Kentuckians to the newlycreated provinces of Alberta andothers in Western Canada. Theywere attracted by cheap lands andmany disposed of their interests ,InKentucky and settled in the land ofpromise. Somfe journeyed back butthe rest stuck it out and have prospered in the Canadian wheat country. Those who left Kentucky to set.tie in Canada overlooked the veryopportunities that have attractedCanadians to come here and investtheir money in developing the Iresources hitherto untouched.If those wjio sold their mountainfarms to locate in Canada will makea visit back to the old home theylikely will find Canadians exploiting and bringing to the surlacg'hidden treasure in mineral weUhthktjso long was 'pverlqokedby 'ihe'original owners. v vA Double ProtectionIn addition to fitting perfectly without a gap, tbegtonn curtains on Baickopn models are providedwith a weather Btrip or flapwhich seals the joint sothat wind or rain cannot- penetrate. Buick opencars, with the curtains inplace, have no cracks forcold to penetrate. They.are as nearly weathertight sssnyopen car can be.;; -ti n,irh Lin for 1923comprises Fourteen Models:Fours &-3i "Driving Comfort in Winterthe Buick "Model 45" Six Cylinder 1195As complete as has been the development of the enclosedcar, Bmck designers have not neglected to improve tieopen type of car, building into it a measure of comfort,convenience and weather protection surpassed only bythe more expensive closed vehicle.Protection against wind and snow is assured by the snugfitting storm curtains mat open with the doors. TheBuick design of storm curtains with a special weatherstrip provides a coziness, comparable to that of any closed,car; while windshield wiper and tight fitting windshield,adjustable from within, make driving safe and comfortable.Added to this, and equally important in winter driving,is the splendid performance that a Puick car always produces-itsconstant and surplus power-its madabrand perfect balance and its unquestioned dependabilxty.For cold weather driving there is no superior to tbeBuick open cars.I.AtkmbouttheG.M.A-CPtsrehafPlam,which providforDcftrnd Pajmmt. $86523-37, -Sixes gg : : gg73-41 - 193523-35; - - - $85 23-36, -. $1395 23-38, - - $132523-47, - - $1585 23-50, -23-48, - - 1895 23-54, -23-49, - 1435 23-55, -- $1175$219516251675D-3S-22-NPc.S BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant StreetsjuJWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMi4tt-BESTI Iill ilRSSraSilSiRK "W$m 'P'CWJR f ft T :--acpMjacr'iLLUJ,..--- -jIGWySHFSiBU,sz?r rChristmaswiFlOM.A. F. 'WHEELER & COMPANYAt this period of the year, when there are greetings onevery lip, we wish to extend ours to all of our customersand prospective patrons. We sincerely trust that yourChristmas will be a pleasant one, and that the year 1923will bring you the utmost in health, wealth and good cheer.F. Wheeler &.CHAS. GREENE, Manager.Co,i:7r - ii7 II'O.0TV'-.'&1yir"WV - t -Sw-V.rfW-V. .,; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS,PAGlWPARIS, KENTUCKY "J,?41i.6wS5k7 "GIFTS THAT LAST'AUTO LICENSES LAGGINGOnly about 135 of the 1923 automobile licenses for Bourbon countyout 'of the approximate 2,500 to besecured in the county, have beenissued to date by County ClerkPearce Paton. This number is lessthan usual for this date.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, December 26Wjlliam Duncan and Edith Johnsonin "Steelheart;" Century comedy,"Foolish Lives;" Pathe Review.The Grand's Musical Trio.To-morrow, Wednesday, December 27 Priscilla Dean, in "Conflict;" Two-reel comedy, "TootlesFire Fighters;" Pathe News. TheGrand's Musical Trio.Thursday, December 28 Constance Talmadge, in "Lessons InLove;" Hal Roach comedy, "Shakeand Shiver;" Movie Chats, TheGrand's Musical Trio.2, . - o 'SALVATION ARMY APPEALResponses to the Salvation ArmyHome Service appeal are not whattheiy sliould be, according to the.donations received by BucknerWoodford, treasurer of the fund.Field Guide Charles Mohr, ofCincinnati, who was here Fridayand Saturday in the interest of thefund, said: "Madison, Bath andRowan counties have already reached their quota."v The Bourbon county committee isliopeful that the, citizens of thecounty will respond liberally forthis cause. Mr. Mohr again warnsour citizens against impostors inthe future, and says their activitiesin the past have injured the collections of the Army. The SalvationArmy turns none down.3). A. R. TO PRESENT MUSICALPLAYThe Bryan Station Chapter D. A.R. has decided, for the benefit oftheir educational fund, to present amusical play entitled, "Don't ParkHere," on January 18 and 19 at theAda Meade Theatre.Miss Meda Morehead. of Zanesville, 0., is the director and Mrs.Joseph Beard, regent of the chapter; is the chairman of the generalcommittee.The play requires four hundredpeople and all the ,best talent inLexington have been invited to takepart. They have already respondedquite satisfactorily and rehearsalswill begin the 2nd of January atthe Phoenix Hotel and continue afternoon and evening for a fortnight.BUBKE AGAIN ON DUTYJames Burke, who has been night.watchman at the Third streetfreight station of the Louisville &Nashville, in this city, has beeft reinstated in his former position astrain-caller and special policemanatf the Tenth street passenger station. He is succeeded in his former place by Will Grosche.For many months 'the complaintshave been loud and deep about thenecessity of having some one .stationed at the Tenth street station,to inform passengers and thcjraveling public generally as to the ar-rival and departure of trains. Withseveral trains coming into the station at the same time several timesa day, intending passengers who'are not acquainted with trainschedules have made mistakes andtaken the wrong train. Mr. Burkeis the right man in the right place,and the public will appreciate hiscourtesy and ability.CHRISTMAS A aUIET ONEExcept for the occasional pop ofa large -firecracker, and the usualnoises incidental to the day, Christmas passed off very quietly in Paris.Special services were held in all the.churches Sunday morning and nightand yesterday, with special musicalprograms of superior excellence.Hundreds of happy children madethe day glad by their happiness,and the sun shone warm andbright over all, making the day anideal one for the, whole community.The Circuit Court room and thecorridors of the court house resounded Saturday with the glad criesof happy youngsters as they werepresented with Christmas presentsfrom the Community, ChristmasTree, in the shape of bags of candy,dolls and toys of various descriptions. Santa Claus himself waspresent and ofiiciated in person, giving each child a warm handclaspand a hearty smile as the presentsiwere made. In this gracious workHis Loyal Highness was ably assisted by Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, andSecretary Humphreys, of the Y. M.C. A. The distribution of the giftswas directly under the supervisionof Mrs. Minaker, whose labors in'behalf of the poor children and theunfortunate of the community haveforever endeared her to our people.Four hundred and fifty little oneswere made glad and happy inthiswork, and thirty-four well-filledbaikets were distributed among pooramd wortky white people, and a like- juubr amBg tk colored peoplf.jPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some Ton' Enow and Others YonDon't.Mrs. John Owens, of Middlesboro, is visiting her son, T. C.Owens, and bride, in this city.Squire John Shropshire andson, Frank, of near Centreville, areon a hunting trip near York, Alabama. Miss Inez Caudill, secretary ofthe local Red Cross Chapter, hasgone to her home in Frenchburg, tospend the holidays.Wm. Ardery, Jr., son of Mr.and Mrs. TOm. B. Ardery, is ill at hishome on the Lexington pike, nearParis, with tonsilitis.Carey Fields Clay, who is attending the University of NewYork, at Syracuse, is here to speridthe holidays with relatives.Basil Hayden, who is coach forthe Kentucky Wesleyan Collegeteam, at Winchester, is here tospend the holidays with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden.Chas. T. Kenney-,- bookkeeperfor Frank & Co., received a messagetelling of the serious illness pi hissister, Miss Jennie Kenney, instructor in the public schools of Roswell,New Mexico.The next traveling men's dancewill be given at the. LafayetteHotel, in Lexington, on Fridayevening, December 28, the hoursfrom eight to twelve. All travelingmen and their friends are invited.Harry Trimble, who has been aresident of Paris for a year, hasreturned to his former home, Kansas City, Mo., to be with his agedmother during the holidays. Fromthere he will go to Pasadena, Cali.,to spend the winter.Thomas Henry Clay III has arrived from Washington and LeeUniversity and his sister, Miss Elizabeth Clay, from school in Cincinnati, to spend the holidays withtheir mother, Mrs. Thos. HenryClay, Jr.Charles Wilmoth, of Graham,Texas, is here to spend the holidayswith his family Mr. Wilmoth isnow located about eighty milesfrom Ft. Worth, Texas, and reportsthe oil business as very encouraging. Mrs. Gratz Hanly Nippert, ofTampa, Fla., who is visiting herparents, Mr., and Mrs. J. D. Dykes,in Richmond, during the holidays,will come to Paris for a visit to relatives, and to Cincinnati to visitMrs. George Nippert, before returning to her Southern home.Miss Sue Ford, formerly ofParis, is recovering from the effectsof an operation performed in a hospital, at Tampa, Fla., where slijehas been for several months. MissFord is a sister of Misses Mollie andAlice Ford, of Paris, and has beenengaged in mission work in Tampa.Miss Agnes Sullivan, formerlyof near Paris, has returned fromTrinity College, at Washington, D.C, to spend the holidays with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jerre P. Sullivan, in Lexington. Miss Sullivanwas accompanied by her schoolmate,Miss Anna Smith, of Providence,R. I.The following students are herefrom the University of Kentucky tospend the holidays: Misses Elizabeth Lilleston, Mary May, MarieColliver, Lillian Smith, Laura BelleSmith, Louise Connell, MargaretLavin, Favola Dundon; Messrs. Ed.Drane Patton, Keller Larkin, Clarence Baldwin, Rene Clark and GeneLair. 'The Fidelis Class and the Senior B. Y. P. U., of the Baptistchurch will entertain thi (Tuesday) afternoon at the churchwith a'social and reception for Rev. andMrs. Louis Gaines, Mr. and Mrs.James Liter, Mr. and Mrs. W. W.Cobb, Mr. and Mrs. Russell Day,Misses Russell,, Welsh, .Preacher,Parker, Short and -Venable.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Skillman,Mrs. Fannie Smith and Mrs. KiserSmith, of Paris, attended the "silver wedding" anniversary of Mr.and Mrs. L. E. Griggs, in Mt. Sterling, Thursday. An laborate luncheon was served at one o'clock frombeautifully decorated tables. Mrs.Griggs was before her marriageMiss Mary Smith, niece of Mrs. G.C. Thompson, of Paris.Mrs. Walter Clark has returnedfrom an extended visit to her daughter, Mrs. Philip Farrington, and Mr.Farrington, in Philadelphia. MrslClark has as guests for the holidaysher son, Wallace Clark, and Mrs.Clark and children who have beenin China for some time, where Mr.Clark is the resident representativeof a large tobacco company, withheadquarters in New York.One of the pleasant reunionsof the holidays is that of membersof Mrs. Alice Snapp's family, whohave been her guests at the familyhome on Lilleston avenue, for several days. Those who are here areMiss Edna Snapp, of Covington;Miss Elizabeth Snapp, of Universityof Kentucky; Mrs. Charles G. Holliman and little daughter, of Detroit,Mich.; Sherman Snapp, of Cincinnati, and Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. James N. W. Mc.Clure entertained Saturday eveningwith a dinner-bridge at their home,"Woodhplme," on Link avenue, inhonor of their house guests, Mrs.McClure's relatives, Mrs. GilletteHill, of -Washington, D. C., Mr.and Mrs. Logan Hill and LoganHill,, Jr., of Douglaston, L. I., and4-IMrr and Mrs. Dean. Hill, of Lincoln,111. Several tables of players" enjoyed the hopitality of the evening.George Browner is spending theholidays with his mother, at Mt.Healthy, Ohio.Among the business visitors inthe city Saturday was C. E. Wood,of Georgetown.Hamlet C. Sharp, of Maysville,is a guest at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Jos. W. Davis, Jr., and Mr.Davis, for the holidays.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. McGrath, ofHarrodsburg, are guests at the homeof their daughter, Mrs. Louis Lilleston, and Mr. Lilleston.Mrs. -Edward B. Hedges isspeding the holidays in Huntington,West Va. as guest of her daughter,Mrs. Samuel Biggs, and family.Rev. and Mrs. 0. B. Crockettatfd children are spending the holidays in Nicholasville with Mrs.Crockett's mother, Mrs. Campbell.J. Simms Wilson has returnedfrom his plantation near Pensacola,Oklahoma, where he has been on ahunting trip for the past two weeks.Miss Nora, Flanagan, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her brother,John M. Flanagan, and Mrs. Flanagan, at their home on Houston avenue.Miss Lucile Chipley has returned from St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, where she recently underwent an operation for appendicitis. Prof, and Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrickhave as guests for the holidays Mr.and Mrs. John Bond, Mrs. J. F.Johnson and son, Jack, of Lawrenceburg. Miss Anne Duncan is here fromSharpsburg, where she is a member of the High School faculty, tospend the holidays with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Duncan.Misses Soule and Helene Davis,who are attending school at theUniversity of Wisconsin, at Madison, Wis., arrived Thursday to spendthe Christmas holidays with theirparents, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. H.Davis, on High street.Charles R. Hill, who has beenabsent from Paris for five years,traveling for a large Eastern concern, is here revisiting old scenes.Mr. Hill has been all over the United States in the course of his travels, and says he has found Paris people everywhere.(Other Personals on Page 3)C :There is always hope that thefresh young man may be ripenedfby experience.PUBLIC SALEWe will, as administrators of Mrs.Mollie Rice, on Monday, January 1,1923, at 11 o'clocka. m.,' at thecourt house door, sell at public auction 4 shares of Peoples DepositBank and Trust Co.'s capital stockand 7 shares of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse stock.W. T. BRYAN,J. C. BRYAN,LOGAN BRYAN,"Administrators Mrs. Mollie Rice.(dec26-29)Public Renting!Charles Willett, &cVs.A. H. Willett, &c ..AppellantsAppellantsBy virtue of an order of the Bourbon Circuit Court made and enteredin the above styled cause on the2nd day of December, 1922, the undersigned Receiver will (rent publicly at the; Court House door inParis, Kentucky, to the highest andbest bidder, onSATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1923,about the hour of-'ll o'clock a. m.,the farm located near HutchisonStation, on the Hutchison Stationand Bethlehem turnpike, owned bythe late Bessie Burgess, containingabout 65 acres with residence, outbuildings and tobacco barn thereon.Said renting will be for the term ofone year, beginning March 1, 1923,and ending March 1, 1924. Saidrent to be.come due and payable onMarch 1, 1924, for which the renterwill be required to execute bondwith good surety to be approved byand payable to the undersigned.The crop to be raised will be announced at the time of the renting.JOHN N. STEELE,Receiver.Visit jOur StoreWhen inBNeed of Ladies',Misses' and Children'sCOATSSpecial Bargain Week Prices.See and Save atTwin Bros. Dept Store- CHAS. S. GOLDSTINEt Corner Seventh and Main Striate'PARIS. KY. ' ;''To. $- 'IBv;7,f'? '--. 'f-IAYo--V,-?LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street. Paris, Ky.&h-V- '. ; f &.f--p.:V 'ft': -Nfix..:rfiX:r$'",AOur Friends andPatrons-i.'"- 7 -. - "'JSVT' -- - -y?:T-;n. -MAY THE GATES OF HAPPINESS OPEN WIDE TO YOU,MAY THE NEW YEAR BRINGTO YOU. JOY IN LIFE, UNBROKEN FRIENDSHIP ANDA MULTITUDE OF CHEERFUL MEMORIES.iWE THANfe YOU FORv A- MOST SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS YEARfJ ,;? '"SAVE AND SMILE""-V w;' - ,. ' - .4. TV ' ' ' '' ".-. 4 iv; -- . vS .v:tiflG. -i7.1923One of our greatest pleasuresis to list among our assets theone (thing that money cannot - buy your good will.To you, not only as a customer,but also as a very dear friend,we offer our good wishes for ajoyous holiday season withhealth and prosperity duringthe ensuing year.TheJ.T.HintonCo.1 V'i-. "- '- " L- J.yJa-&1.; - -v.Jv'y--c.4 vsp.s-I.'S-tt41'11tAr;!f;-: 1A .? ittVn?- : . m:, ft ' 3 jI I,v,.J -..'LkLV,:-Vva,i',Jf', J. - v"1 TTPTTaFTR: ."'""' "Hi' -, " i ewTTTHE BQURBON EWS, t PARIS, ,KENTUVCKX;Hi iii-Hi ,i,,iTUESDAY, DECEMBER 2C, is2jSiilifl1!NilIWI!!S21(II !131!:UIIIuFINDS ANCIENT"PIPE SHRINE"J3r. Fewkes Uncovers CeremonialTemple on the Plainsof Colorado.FILLED WITH TOBACCO PIPES'What Were Supposed to Be MoundsAre Found to Be in Reality Mouldering Heaps of FallenHouses and Temples.Washington. Dr. J. Walter Fewkes,ckief of the bureau of American ethnology, Smithsonian institution, whoreturned recently from archaeologicalfield work on the Mesa Verde nationalpark, Colorado, reports the unexpectedunearthing of a prehistoric ruin toWhich he has given the name "PipeShrine House." The name is the resultof a large numfeer of tobacco pipesf found scattered In a circular shrinejust as they had been thrown there during ceremonial rites untold centuriesago.Mesa Verde park was reserved fromsettlement some years ago by congress.on account of the,, numerous cliff dwellings in its canyon, but later it was discovered that there were as many pueblos on the open top of the mesa as inthe cliffs. These have fared badlyfrom the elements, on account of exposure, and are now reduced to moundswithout walls above ground.Find Ancient Building.For some years Doctor Fewkes hasbeen active in unearthing and, clearingout these souvenirs, and it has-beenthrough his efforts, mainly, that theruins have been preserved. Excavating several of the mounds that weretaken to be natural formations, it wasfound that they were in reality themoldering heaps of fallen houses andtemples.Last May Doctor Fewkes undertookexcavation of a mound in the neighborhood of what is known to manymotor tourists as Mummy lake. Theresults of his excavations were interesting. Out of the mound emerged a rectangular building, 70 feet square and onestory high, accurately oriented to thecardinal points of the compass, with acircular tower formerly 15 to 20 feethigh, like a church steeple, midway inthe western wall. This tower is supposed to have been for observation,and, as It Is very important for anagricultural people to determine theseasons of the year, it was probablyby watching the sun as it rose or setthat they determined the time forplanting.A Ceremonial Lodge. ,In the middle of this building wasfound a circular room 20 feet deep andabout the same In diameter, in whichwere feund more than a dozen claypipes, numerous stone knives, pottery,idols and other objects. Pipes of thiskind never have been found on theMesa Verde, and as all indicationspoint to the belief that after the rite ofsmoking they were thrown into theshrine, the ruins were called PipeShrine house.A few t feet south of the building,which was not a habitation, but specialized for ceremonies, there Is a squareroom or shrine dedicated to the mountain Hon, a stone image of which wasfound surrounded by water-worn andother strangely formed stones. A similar shrine is fouftd on the northeastcorner of Pipe Shrine house, in which,among other objects, was a small ironmeteorite and a slab of stone on whichIs depicted a symbol of the sun.The cemeteries of the pueblos of theMesa Verde are situated near theirsoutheast corner, and, while the burialsIn them have as a rule been removed"by vandals, several interments werefound near Pipe Shrine house. One of'these was left without moving a singlebone and an inclosure with a weatherproof roof was erected over it, so thata visitor can view a skeleton morethan 500 years old with food bowlsand other pieces of pottery just asthey were when left by relatives.This is said to be the first time care"has been taken to preserve for inspection a pre-Columbian skeleton of anIndian in his own cemetery.PATENTS WOMAN'S AUTO HATLendon Inventor Designs Helmet toProtect Hair From Windand Rain.London. A motoring hat fo womenhas just been Invented and patented,which is claimed to protect women'shair from the effects of wind and rain.It Is designed on the lines of a man'slying helmet, is made of silk and fittedwith a silk hood over the back, andmall pads over the. ears. The hoodand pads are detachable and it isclaimed the wearer can finish a longmotor tour looking and feeling perfectly tidy and without a headache.Pigeon Stops Up Flue.Pottsvllle, Pa. A fluttering homingpigeon nearly caused the death ofCharles Meyers and his entire family.Mr. Meyers, who is city assessor anda newspaper publisher, was awakenedby his wife, who was suffering frominhalation of fas, which had also affected the members of the family. Investigation showed that the chimneyVas, blocked by a pigeon that hadtallea down the flue, its wings beingtfspread upward, blocking the draught.Dr. Earl Steremsm was caDet a4Jrie the fictiatvLAST OF RINGGOLD CAVALRYmi ' "BI'ffffrllliB I rsaamAdam Wickerham, aged ninety-one,o Monongahela, Pa., is the only survivor of the original Ringgold cavalrybattalion, the first volunteer mountedtroops mustered into the United Statesservice at the opening of the Civil war.The famous troop was mustered in onJune 6. 1861, ten days ahead of a.iyother cavalry unit in the country. Before entering the United States serviceit was known as the Ringgold cavalry,then it became Company A, Twentysecond Volunteer Pennsylvania cavalry.Mr. Wickerham's grandson, Lieut.Harold Wickerham of Company ArOneHundred and Tenth United States infantry, received the D. S. C. for bravery on the battlefields of France. Hedied after returning home as the resultof overseas service.TABBY ROUTED BY BASS NOTECat Failing to Appreciate SermonTakes Refuge in Organ and Interrupts Good Discourse.Danville, Pa. Rev. A. E. Mackle ofSt. Paul's M. E. church was delivering a mighty good sermon. He wasworking toward the climax. The subject was, "The Least in the Kingdom.""And, brothers and sisters, I sayunto you " he thundered, but whathe had to say unto the brethren wasdrowned by an unholy M-E-O-W thatseemed to issue from the pipe organ.Rev.. Mr. Mackle paused, mopped hisbrow, then proceeded, A few minuteslater, just as the parson was gettingwarmed up, the howl was heard again.Then the reverend speaker announced :"Either that cat must go or I shalldismiss the congregation."The threat had no effect. But theorganist had better effect 'when shesounded the deepest bass note of theorgan. It was fortissimo all right.The organist put all the wind at hercommand in that note.With a frightened howl a cat scampered out of the organ and jumpedthrough the nearest window."And, my brothers and sisters, Isay unto you" Rev. Mr. Macklewent on.ENGLISH LADS FLOCK TO ETONCollege Raises Requirements but HasRecord Waiting List EnterNames When Born.London. Eton college will open thisyear with 3,139 pupils, the largestnumber which has been allowed to attend at one time. Last term 1,124pupils were enrolled, which Is nearlydouble the number allowed in pre-wardays.During the last ten years the numbers applying for admittance to Etonhave been so great that the facultytook steps to increase the entrancerequirements and the cost of tuition,but these measures failed to bringabout the desired results. The collegestill has a long waiting list of applicants. The practice is to enter a boyas soon as he is born, to make sureof his gaining admittance at the qualifying age.tBIRTHS DROP OFF IN GERMANYFigures for First Quarter of 1922 ShowDecrease; Death Rate laHigher.Berlin. The number of marriagesand births in Germany for the firstquarter of 1922 show a large decreaseover the same period for 1921.According to statistics just issued.the number of marriages during thesethree months was 8.4 per thousandpersons, as against 10.4 for last year.The number of births was 25.6, as compared to 27.7, and the number of deathswas 18.5, as against 15.6 in 1921.The corresponding quarter for theyear 1913 showed marriages were 6.2,births 28.8 and deaths 16.8....Sawed Off Limb He SatOn, but Will RecoverAccording to a report on fileat police headquarters in Detroit, Mich., the man who climbedout on the limb of a tree andsawed the limb off behind himis not a cartoonist's joke but areality. Harry Kull, twenty-one-year-oldemployee of the department of parks, Is in a hospital asthe result of sawing off a limbwhile sitting on It The injurieshe suffered in' the fall are notserious.Xrl"ti',..-it.CnBORAHOf Interest to Paris HeadersFor months Paris citizens haveseen in these columns enthusiasticpraise of Doan's Kidney vPills byParis residents. .Would these prominent people recommend a remedythat had not proven reliable?Would they confirm their statements after years had elapsed ifpersonal experience had not shownthe remedy to be worthy of endorsement? The following statementshould carry conviction to the mindof every Paris reader.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Pans, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with good results. I hakd a dull aching acrossthe small of my back and my kidneys acted irregularly. The use ofDoan's Kidney Pills rid me of thesecomplaints and I have faith enoughin thehi that should I ever need akidney remedy again I would certainly use Doan's Kidney Pills."Mrs. Mastin gave the above statement November 9, 1916, and ,pn November 13. 1920, she added: "Istill have the same good opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills as when I endorsed them before. I used themoccasionally when I require a kidney tonic and they never fail to dome good.".Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Mastin had. Foster-Milyburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.LICENSE TO SAVE VEHICLESHow to get good roads and provide for their upkeep is a problemthat is attracting more attention inKentucky than ever before andmany solutions are being proposedand discussed. In this connection arural newspaper advances a ratherunique argument that is sure toprovoke discussion.The paper takes the position thateventually some plan may be evolved by which the principle of thedancer paying the fiddler will beapplied to road building and maintenance. The point is made thatthe users of the highways ought topay for constructing and keepingthem up in proportion to the use ofthem but it is admitted that thetollgate system is obsolete and thatthe people never wbuld stand for itsreturn.To obviate the tollgates as ameans of collecting revenue fromthe highway users, it is suggestedthat a system of licensing vehiclescould be dWised, that would meetall requirements for raising a roadfund and that it could be fairly andequitably imposed. Such a plan itis argued would place the burden ofroad taxation unon those that useand benefit by them.The claim is further advancedthat such a plan would be decidedeconomic advantage to the ownersof vehicles using the roads in thatwith such a system providing oodroads a , great saving would resultin the wear and tear of vehiclesthat necessarily result from traveling over poor highways. The saving in this way, it is pointed outfould many times compensate forthe nominal road-using impost.oBREAK A COLDINJECT HOURS"Pape's Cold Compound" Acts Quick,Costs Little, and NeverSickens!Every druggist here guaranteeseach package of "Pape's Cold Compound" to break up any cold andend grip misery in a few hours ormoney returned. Stuffiness, pain,headache, feverishness. inflamed orcongested nose and head relievedwith first dose. These safe, pleasanttablets cost only a few cents andmillions now take them instead ofsickening quinine. (adv-T)sO-' .BLOODHOUNDS NOT INFALEBLE.Some years ago Kentucky went infor bloodhounds as an adjunct tothe criminal machinery and severalcounties maintain packs of dogs atpublic expense for use in trackingcriminals and suspects. Severalprivate packs in various parts of theState are requisitioned often also inthe hunt for fugitives and otherssuspected of crimes.Whejfcer bloodhounds ,are of anyreal value in a man-hunt is st controversial subject. Many personschallenge any accomplishments ofthe dogs in running down criminals.Many plausible alibis can be offeredfor failure of the bloodhounds totake the trail after being put on thescent. Stories are told of dogsbaffled by cayenne pepper sprinkledby fugitives or how dogs lost thetrail when runaways took to afence.For twenty years the Lexingtonowner of a pack of bloodhoundshas taken his dogs to every part ofKentucky and even to other Statesto engage in man?hunts. Whilemany regard bloodhound detectionasa myth, others hold to the efficacy of what was an institution inthe days of slavery.KENTUCKY PROLIFIC OFiNEWCAVESReports of the finding in Jessamine county of the opening to alarge cave long lost sight of, addsanother to the list of Kentucky caverns lately discovered. TJie Jessamine county cave is associated withthe legend that it was once used asa refuge by Daniel Boone in making his escape from a band of hostile redskins. Whether this be trueor not, it will be accepted by theless credulous as strengthening thebelief that the noted pioneer hardlycould have been at all places he isclaimed to have visited during hiscareer if he had be,en equipped withan airplane.The frequent discovery of newcaverns in Kentucky gives rise tothe belief that the State may beunderlaid by many more that rivalin dimensions and attractions thosealready discovered and explored.In the last few months several newcaves have been found in the mountain section. Another was discovered in the vicinity of Danville,which when explored was said tohave contained a subterranean lakethat impeded further progress.The mountain section abounds insmaller caverns. One reason assigned for the existence of these'smaller caves just becoming knownis that they were used by "moonshiners" as a "rendezvous" -in ante-prohibitiondays and their location kept an inviolable secret. Nowthat "moonshining" is regarded asless hazardous and detection moreremote, the caves are no longer necessary to conceal moonshine" operations and their existence is becoming known.CATARRHAL DEAFNESSis greatly relieved by constitutional treat- Iment. IJAIJS CATARRH MEDICINE 'is a constitutional remedy. Catarrhal JDeafness is caused by an inflamed con- idition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. When this tube is inflamedyou have a rumbling sound or imperfecthearing:, and when it is entirely clbsed, 'Deafness is the result. Unless the in-flammation can be reduced, your hearing:may be destroyed forever. HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of the system, thus reducing the inflammation andassisting Nature in restoring normal conditions. Circulars free. All Druggists. jP. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.BETTER LATE THAN NEVERThat Kentuckians sometimes arenegligent in according posthumoushonors is shown by the movementstarted at Lexington to erect amemorial to commemorate JohnBradford, editor and publisher ofthe Kentucky Gazette, that firstappeared 135 years ago.The State press is interested inthe movement to honor the pioneereditor, who wielded wide influencein the early days of the State. Itis planned to erect the memorial ina public place in Lexington, inwhose early history the Gazette wasa potent factor.oSome men are like a firecrackerthey make a little noise for ashort time, but soon fizzle out.DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALQUICKIPARIS, ky;Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSfrank P. Xiser, PresidentS. Lu Weathers, Vice Prealdemt'W.,WJ.76itehell, CashierJno. W. Yerkei, Ase't CashierDas Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921!THE LOANUNLESS AND$46.46 per year onARMTRADERAFARAsk Judge George . Battertonof Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown . Depoeit Bank,North Middletown.M1922-23Holiday GreetingsWe extend to you the greetingsof the season and may you beblessed throughout a Prosperous New Year with good health,good friends and happiness.We extend thanks, too, for business accorded us in. the past.JanuaryIt.LOVEDr..TRUST DEPARTMENTThat money and property you have will keep your lovedones after you are gone if it is handled and conserved forthem as you are now doing. This can be done if you appointour Trust Department as your EXECUTORS. Then menof known ability in finance and investments will look afterit for you and account for every penny. Come in now andtalk it over. We want to explain what we mean by "ALiving Trust.' ' We will welcome you.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyITry Us With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAny TimePRINTINGTHE NEWS JOBWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Noveltiest Electric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Ga$ HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates 'That are Very Practical and Ornairental,and make nice Christmas Gilts.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGZteMTHAT NEVER COMES DUEUNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY ITeach $!. of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONSKentuckyJointStockUndBankSecurity Trust Bid. ' , Lexlattea, Ky.CS ConnellholdsvourONESSAFEafterwards.All WorkDeliveredOn TimeDEPARTMENTOPP. COURT HOUSELOANS1!tP'-4v ,'"'-5'--.-.stf-TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 122AUTUlDr AM) THE PAUOEAH splendid in purple and scarlet,The sweep of an oncoming pageant,Far down through the hushdraweth near,All splendid in purple and scarlet,Comes autumn, the kind of theyear.Baldwin.Another year of bountiful harvest is now completed. America'sfearns and granaries bulge with thefruits of tree and soil. In no othercountry can be found such wonderful results such successful farming. How could it be otherwisenriew of the facts?Hand in hand with the enterpriseand industry of the tillers of thesoil, the combined genius of America's greatest mechanics, engineersand chemists has so ably striventhat American agriculture has become our mightiest institutionthe real foundation of all other in- the highest standard. .The imporiustries! Yet it took a world war'tance of the discovery lies' in theto awaken most of us to the vital f8ct tnat Paper can now be madeimportance of the farmer and hiSlfrom an annual cr0D- u takes fiftycrops!As our farm people are producersso are they consumers and theirneeds and desires are without number. Advertisers are rapidly coming torealize that fact.- as evidenced bythe vast amount of advertisingspace now devoted to farmer appeal. The day of the comic paper"rube" is long since past, and thereis no advantage enjoyed by the citydweller that the farmer does not"have. He is a ready prospect forevery convenience an utility thatwill add to his comfort and pleasure. Don't overlook the farmer in youradvertising! Rather, give specialattention to your copy and illustrations, for the modern farmer is amost sophisticated gentleman, andonly the ablest salesmanship canTeach him.oKENTUCKY THE FUTURE SPAIn the variety of its mineral waters Kentucky is not surpassed byany other State and the questionoften is asked why this region hasnot becoming a great American Spa.Considering its central location andother advantages Kentucky seemsdestined to become a resort State.Mineral springs of curative properties are not confined to any onesection, but abound in many partsof Kentucky. These have been opeiated in a small way since" earlytiays. Others have had more pretentions careers for several seasonsonly to lapse to the commonplace.Some of the most famous springsare in isolated sections, which in ameasure accounts for the failure tomake them popular resorts, butwith the development of highwaysand railroads they may become attractive watering places.Most Kentucky mineral springsare located in a wealth of scenic environment that should make themvie with any in the country forpublic patronage demanding goodaccommodations and easy rail orauto access to any resortTANBAEK NOW CURIOSITYThe appearance on the streets ofseveral wagons of tanbark broughttor shipment to a tannery createdconsiderable excitement in Vanceburg, according to a local paper.The sight was contrasted with thedays when hundreds of wagonloadsoC bark were brought to town everyweek.Commenting on its passing, thepaper recalled the wanton waste oftimber when the tanbark industrywas at its height in that section ofKentucky. Great oaks, chestnutsand hemlocks were indiscriminatelyfelled and after being stripped ofthe bark the logs were allowed todecay, with no attempt to utilizethe timber that now would be wortha fortune.It was due to such profligatepractices that Kentucky has beenalmost denuded of its timber andthat forest conservation has becomeone of the pressing problems of theState. Walnut timber has becomeso scarce that some years ago buyerswent over the same ground andpurchased stumps, in some casespaying nearly as much as for theTiginal logs.Ancient Greeks Took Gymnastics.J In every Greek city was establishedk gymnasium where crowds of youngnen exercised themselves naked. Thisiistitution was originally intended fori lose only who were in training fort le Olympic games, but afterward it1 2eame part of the daily life. Thereeks went to the gymnasium withtie same regularity as the Romansvent to the bath. Winwood Reade inThe Martyrdom of Man."oCan Fish Hear?Fish have no ears, but there is no4oubt that they can detect sounds. Itf probable that they feel the vibra-ons which sounds set up In the waif r, by means of a sensitive nerve thatwns down each side of their bodies.Real Whisper of Wisdom.To have Ideas Is to gather flowers:tj think is to weave them Into gar-hus. Mme. Swetchlne.PAPER EOJBBEBS SEE THEIRFINISHThe discovery that wood pulp isno longer necessary in the manufacture of paper carries a ray ofsunshine into every home.The prices that merchants havebeen compelled to pay for wrapping paper have reached a proportion that has actually affected pricesin some commodities.The paper robbery has not beensolely a newspaper problem, thoughhundreds of publishers have beendriven into bankruptcy by the unconscionable gouging of paper manufacturers. Prices have been tilted underevery pretext under the sun. Notmore than a month ago publisherswere warned of still further advances. Relief, however, is in sight. Florida saw grass is being used in newsprint paper manufacture. A greatmill at Leesburg is turning out substantial quantities of a paper up toyears 10 grow puip wood.Up-to-date newspaper publishershave regarded the paper situationwith dread. They knew they werein the grip of the manufacturersand experience has shown thev.might expect no mercy. Their onlyhope was governmental interference with further exploitation andwith Attorney General Daughertyin the saddle they had little hope ofany relief from that quarter.However, the reaper now is beginning to take the place of thelumber jack and old dame natureputs an end to further robberywhich to date government has failedto stop.oDANGER IS FOESEEN(Glasgow Times)If the Democrats of Kentucky center their interest upon the candidacy of Barkley of Western Kentucky, and Cantrill, of Central Kentucky, for the gubernatorial nomi-(nation, there is danger for the party; it will be headed toward a splitthat will be disastrous. Both menare strong, and have tremendouslypowerful connections. And thereinlies the party danger.If the fight for the nominationnarrows down to a contest betweenthese two men, there will at oncebe a revival of the old "wet and dryquestion" in all its intensity, andwith it will develop a split in theparty that will, in time, be a yawning chasm.A continued contest will mean,further, the opening up of the racetrack and coal issues as strictlyDemocratic propositions. In themeantime, the Republicans will sitback and name their candidate according to the result of the fracas.Well meaning and deep thinkingDemocrats with a vision of a futureof the party should, apply themselves to the task of averting sucha catastophe while the time is appropriate. To dally is dangerous.oPRICE OP SHINGLES RISESStandards for admission to practice law and legislation are risingin Kentucky. Formerly the applicant for a license was examined bythe local court at home but nowhe is required to take the examination before the Circuit Judge ofanother district. In addition, aprescribed course at a recognizedlaw school is made necessary beforethe barrister can" Hang" out hishingle.In former days it waa much easier to "get by." for a law license.It is" related that the late JudgeJohn R. Grace, one of the State'sforemost jurists, after examiningthe qualifications of a would-belawyer, asked him what law bookshe had read. The applican promptly replied that he had-persued theKentucky Statutes and the Code, andknew them by heart."Well, young man." observedJudge Grace, in his characteristicway, "don't you know that the Legislature is liable to meet at anytime and. repeal all the laws youknow?"Bad feeling was often engenderedwhen the Judge of one court questioned the licenses granted to applicants in another court.oRoyal Road to Success.Whatever your occupation in lifemay be apply yourself .to it seriouslyand diligently. Let it be the subjectwhich dominates your thoughts, because your success will be measuredby the Interest you take in what youare doing. Intense interest will meanclose application and hard work and itIs only along that road that successand contentment are to be found. Exchange. Kill Turksy Buzzard.The green fly and the turkey buzzard are two of mankind's worstenemies, because they help spread infantile paralysis germs and othermalignant forms of disease. The buzzard was in large measure responsible for the spread of rinderpest inSouth Africa, cholera In India andthe epidemic that killed off the waterbuffalo In the Philippines. The greenfly and the turkey buzzard shouldhe killed on flightThrift Magazine.THE BOURBON NEWS,Dflnu m uni n rouurn in niLUAnimal marketGrowing Demand Because of Depletion of Stocks DuringWorld War.MANY EXPEDITIOUS NOW OUTYear and a Half Frequently ElapsesBetween Tim of Capture and ofSale African Natives CatchFever for Higher ,Pay.New York. The wild animal marketis enjoying an unprecedented boom.During the World war the wild animal supply was shut off, although thenormal demand continued. The breeding of such stock in captivity is verylimited, while the death rate is comparatively high. The zoological gardens, circuses and wild-animal exhibitions of all kinds have suffered asteady falling off in their stock, withno means of renewing it. A large supply of lions, tigers, elephants, hippos,bears, snakes, in short, of every variety of animal used for exhibitionpurposes, must be collected and distributed' to bring the supply up to normal. Every section of the globe, from theArctic circle and beyond to the equator, is searched for wild animals tomeet this demand. Expeditions, manyof them very elaborate, are at workafield today in some twenty-three different countries scattered throughoutthe world gathering such specimens.The work is organized on an elaboratescale. Each expedition must be directed by specialists who have spentyears in these fields and thoroughlyunderstand the conditions under whicha particular animal may be trackeddown and captured.Transportation Is Difficult.Since most wild animals are captured in remote regions far from civilization, the question of transportation is extremely difficult. Hundredsof miles must be covered over wildregions before the nearest railroad orshipping port is reached. The handling of most wild animals under suchconditions Is extremely dangerous anddifficult. So great is the American demand for wild animals at present thatstock is now shipped directly to theUnited States from the South Africanand other fields. New York has become a great clearing house for wildanimals, where extensive shipmentsare received rivaling Noah's ark forthe variety of its passengers. Thereare at present three such clearinghouses, one in New England, anotherin Jersey Ci,ty, a third at Coney Island,from which wild animals are distributed to all parts of the United States.Wild animals are one of the fewcommodities which have not increasedin price during the war. The presentquotations for the stock of a menageriecompare very favorably with the prewar prices. A lion or tiger fullygrown can be bought anywhere from$700 to $5,000. A giraffe brings from$9,000 to $14,000. Considering the difficulties of capturing these animals inremote parts of the globe and transporting them thousands of miles totheir ultimate home in some zoologicalgarden, the prices seem surprisinglylow. The prices incidentally are largely determined by the purchasing powers of the owners of menageries. Mostzoological gardens, for instance, aresupported by subscription and cononly afford to pay certain prices andthe wild animal dealer is obliged tomeet them.Ceet Hat Increase. -The cost of gathering wild animals,meanwhile, has considerably increasesince pre-war days. In the most remote Jungles of Africa the nativeshave caught the fever for higher pay.The new spirit naturally affects theprice of wild-animals to the ultimateconsumer.The arverage visitor to a menageriewho gazes idly at wild animals collected for his amusement has littleidea of the enormous work requiredto assemble such a show. An expedition sent out for tigers, lions, elephants or hippopotami will often consist of more than 100 persons. It Isnecessary to have experienced beaterswho are familiar with the jungles andthe habits of the animals required.There must be a large force of runners who are also skilled "in handlingwild animals under various conditions.Several natives must make the trip toprepare the food for the animals.There is, besides, the staff who directthe expeditions. In some cases the expeditions include 330 experiencedhunters.The point of departure for some ofthese expeditions is a large farm inEast Africa. Here more than 300 natives are constantly employed. Thefarm, incidentally, is situated nearly100 miles from a railway, and herethe wild animals are brought and keptfor several months to accustom themgradually to captivity. Such an expedition may be absent one and a halfyears in the jungle. They must timetheir trip so that the animals will becaptured at a favorable season whenthe change to a life of captivity willleast affect their health.Mine Explosion Kills Five.Johnson City, 111. Five men werekilled and a score Injured, some seriously, when a charge of blasting powder exploded prematurely in a minenear here. Three of the dead menwere surveyors. The othersminer.werePARIS, KENTUCKYclock over rod years oldThe clock Is a very important prsceof congressional machinery. For thisreason there are about 125 clocks inthe United States capitol at Washington, the more important ones receiving daily attention. These -clocks arecared for by George H. Jones, as theywere by his father before him, whowas locksmith of the capitol in Garfield's day. The picture shows Johnadjusting the clock in Statuary hallwhich is over one hundred years old.TOTES GUN, BUT FEARS MOUSEWoman Deputy Sheriff Sees No Reason Why She Cannot Fill Jobas Well as Man.Kenton, O. "I can't understandwhy you make so much fuss about awoman serving as a deputy sheriff.We women vote now and I cannotunderstand why we should not bewilling to take our places in any ofthe positions men assume," was, theway Mrs. Ethel Johnson Pfeiffer,twenty-eight, first regularly appointedwoman official with the power to arrest who ever has served in the Hardin county sheriff's office, met a suggestion that she pose for her pictureand talk for publication."I feel perfectly at home ia this joband am getting along just fine," Deputy Sheriff Ethel Pfeiffer continued."Why, I served my first warrant today and, If I do say it myself, Iwasn't a bit scared.""Will you tote a gun and go outafter the bold, bad men who fracturethe laws?" the new deputy sheriff wasasked."Most certainly I will," was ier rejoinder. "I feel confident "that I amcapable of fulfilling the duties of myposition and I don't want to be aslacker."I won't be afraid to pack a gunwhen I have to; but, say, do youknow, It's a funny comparison, but Iam really afraid of a mouse. That'sa feminine trait I guess I'll never getover," confessed the deputy sheriff,who is the mother of several children.JAPAN BOOSTS RICE -HARVESTEnlarged Production Due MoreImproved Methods Than Increase in Acreage.toTokyo. While Japan does not produce sufficient rice for the needs ofher people, who, even after an elaborate banquet, require a bowl or moreof their staple food, production haskept pace with the increase of thepopulation. In the early days of theMaiji reign, when the population was35,000,000 there was ' 85,000,000 kokuof rice produced. This year, with apopulation'.. of . 70,006,000,. the crop isestimated at an equal number of koku.Thf Increase, in production Is due,more -to Improved methods than greater acreage' under cultivation.YANKS "WAY SAVE RICE FIELDSCrop Wear Mt. Ararat ThreatenedA With Destruction by Failureof Irrigation System.4 -Eriran, Armenia. Certain flourishing rice and cotton fields at the footof Mount Ararat are threatened withthe 'same destruction that at one timein ancient history overwhelmed thehanging gardens of Babylon, namelyfailure of the system of Irrigation andthe inroads of desert sands.American engineers are trying tosave the situation. They are going inwith 500 refugee laborers, and will endeavor to reopen a 80-mile irrigationcanal from the Zanga river.German Nitrogen Output Climbs.Berlin. Germary is producing 85per cent more nitrogen now than Inprewar years. The output this year Isexpected to reach 840,000 tons.1 U. S. Automobiles Lined UpWould Nearly Circle GlobeI Washington. If all the auto-? mobiles In the United States; were to take to the road at theJ same time, end to end, the linewould extend four-fifths of the? distance around the world at theequator, or seven lines from NewYork to San Francisco. President George C. Diehl of theAmerican Automobile associationsaid there are 10,000,000 cars inthe United States, which ifstretched from end to end wouldlltTlextend 20,000 miles.BBIBIBIBIBIBIBIVBBIBIBIBIBIBIHBBBBHBtu Sjteg$gBjfjfjfjfjfjfjfJSBBBBBBBBfASHML v SJUmSBVBJBJBBBBBJSjfJBBvJvJvJvJBr JM , l)x mf SjpjpjpjpjpjpjlBSBlBlBMBBTieyBMfeftaiSWr-sT'BBBBBBBHBBsflSIIaSBBr aBBBB v1tHoliday Giving!Unusual and useful gifts are alwaysthe most appreciated gifts.A Home Telephonein your residence wuld be a pleasurable gift for every member of thefamily through the whole year. Ratesfor Bourbon county range,from $1.25to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedWE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, wetrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.IWMi jI l I I111SEDANNew PriceII m sss- mml ijjII F.JD. B. Detroit ' J .II Eguipged with electric start- Hi I iyiHI ing arid lighting: system, de- I :II mountable rims; extra rim and -v ?,'? .III non-skid tires all around theHI Ford Sedan, at the new lowHI price of $595, F. O. B. Detroit, :II is the greatest motor car valueever produced an enclosedHI car" of comfort, ConvenienceHI andbeauty. Buy now. Terms.ill hi .ill ill'"I B5asV9HMBHiBllll 'jBsTnsBsrHiSI1 Completely MJK 1H rllll Equipped J, HB LJ i 'III! JsaMmtaU IIII HHsbIHMbbbbIbibbbbVllll AMBMMfiBssBssssBlfissBf IH 'llir9ISBBKHwBBBBlBHBBBBBBBiSSSHHBB&slWk YX BSHSBsvsl f V. CXIVWK SQJI 1 1Hi bl - I1 -.JRUGGLES 1Mill III . )1 I ISSSSSMSMSMSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSMSMMSSJJob Printing of All Kinds is Oar SpecialPAGE SEVEHfca.1aresftsmsw.rti4"II 41i.k"" - S"&MhUfKi-f i-- ty-VTS'p,,i: ttw:-. ?, i 4THE BOURBON NEWS, PAtflS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY,-DKCEMBBJt 2C, 1121PPAG EIGHTrHvilitW! W.t!If 'vi; 7- it jI : n: II ;- ll! I! 1L1 1-1 1; MILLERSBURGfatirciting Hews Items From Bourj km County's College Town- -i-Mrs. Atta Young Is visitingrelatives in Carlisle.-j Mr. '"and Mrs. R. L. Buffington,of Columbus, Ohio, are guests ofMrs. W. M. Miller and sons.4 Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carrington! and children, of Irvine, areguests of Mr. and- Mrs. J. F. McDan5eU 4 Misses Margaret and Edith"Wood, teachers in Maysville school,are at home for the Christmas holidays. 4 Mr. Eugene Nutter, of Cincinnati, was the guest of his parents,the'Hev. G. W. Nutter, and Mrs.1 Ntftter, for the holidays.- Mrs. Emma Long, Mrs. LoulaLong, of Georgetown, Mrs. R. B.Hutchings, of Lexington, are guests IofMr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy.4 Misses Eelizabeth Boston, Dorothy and Bernice Bonar, RichardMetcalf, Vernon Stamper, of the"University of Kentucky, and MissMartha Purdy, ofx TransylvaniaCHRISTMAS AND1923May5 the sunshine of theChristmas cheer -enter intoyour heart and dwell thereinal the days of the NewYear. - 'MRS. MAYME PARKERrrN1923Your valued co-operationJ has our deep appreciationand we take this opportunity f wishing you everysuccess during the comingI year.cr '1 1 Mitchell &i 1 1 BlakemoreI VI I --19221923ChiropracticHoliday Greetingsn-9 .1May this Christmas and theNew Year hold for you andyours full measure of Health.Prosperity and Happiness.OR. S. P. MOHNEYCHIROPRACTOR :1V J '?S9 t 1922MCollege, are at home for the holidays. ,Clarence Wasson entertainedwith a six-o'clock dinner at hishome on the Ruddles Mills road.The guests were Rev. and Mrs. G.W. Nutter, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Feeback, Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Pelham Jones andGarland Fisher.Sunday morning at 9:30, theChristian church gave their Christmas program. There were songs andreadings bys the little folks, a songby Mrs. Tom Brown, "There WasNo Room In the Inn," a trio, "SilentNight," by Rev. G. W. Nutter, Dr.H. C. Burroughs and Dr. G. W. Herbert. Rev. Nutter gave a shorttalk.Clarence Sprake, former manager of the Alamo Theatre and theParis Grand Opera, has reopenedthe Millersburg picture house, thefirst show being N given Saturdaynight. Two shows -will hegiven each week, on Tuesday andSaturday nights. Mr. Sprake willfurnish an up-to-date line of filmplays and asks the patronage of ourpeople.The Millersburg High Schoolclosed Firady afternoon with a program of music. A large Christmastree 'was in the center of the stage,decorated with Christmas emblems.A large table filled with packages-were, distributed among the children. Santa Claus was present.The. 'treat for the children, 315 -innumber,-, was furnished by the, Parzent-Teacher Associations. -Saturday afternoon at 4 o'clockthe qhiidren. pt .the Baptist SundaySchool ,gay a program of musicandreadings., ' A, beautifully, .defco'fatedtree was iaaen wuu 511.1a. uiuioClaus, was a guest 'there. At 6:30'.Saturday night the children of theMethodist church gave a program of -music and readings. TheyTiad abeaut,iful tree with giftjs." SantaClaus was a guest there also." Thechildren of . Millersburg have beenwell remembered this season, , aswere the schools and churches.PBASKET BALLThe Lexington NHigh School girlsnet team will open their scheduleon January 5, when they will meetthe Paris team as a curtain raiserfor the boys' game.The "Y" quintet suffeied theirsecond defeat of the season at thehands of the Lewrenceburg team ina game played on the latter's floorFriday night. The score was 33 to25, but the game was more closelycontested than the result would indicate. The count was 15 to 14 atthe end of the first half in favor ofthe enemy, and the long trip mayhave had something to do with thelet-down the local boys suffered inthe second half. The five men thatstarted in the encounter played theentire game, and at no time wereany of them winded, due to the referee's tactics, which slowed up tnegame to an appreciable degree.A return game with Lawrenceburg is scheduled to be played atthe local gym New Year's nighty andthe boys are determined to atonefor their defeat by plastering theiropponents with a top-heavy score onthis occasion.The Cynthiana Athletic Club willfurnish the entertainment Thursdaynight, December 28, at the Y. M. C.A., and, as there has always beenkeen rivalry between the two townsin any athletic exhibition, this gameshould be a thriller. v .An engine cannot run withoutsteam, and a man will never getanywherer without enthusiasm.iWhat has become of the old-Iash-ionedman who used to part" hisbeard in the middle?CaHyto Tribute t Befca- Tb true university of thes days Ia collection of pood books. Carljlelo 'A Thought ftr tha Day.Know thyself but keep it to yoaraU. V1923 ADEATHSHAVENSThe funeral of Thomas J. Havens, who died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this " city,Thursday, was held Friday 'afternoon at the home of his brother-in-law, A. N. Denton, in Owingsville.Services were conducted by Rev. J.B. Moss, of the Cynthiana Methodist church. The burial followedon the family lot in the OwingsvilleCemetery. The pall-bearers were:Forest Milroy, Oscar -Oreen, W. S.Anderson, Andrew Denton, Thornton Richards and Charles Thompson.SLEDDFollowing an illness of a fewdays from pneumonia, James Sledd,formerly of Paris, died at his homein Albambra, Robertson county,last week. Mr. -Sledd had been engaged in farming for several years., Hexis survived by three brothers,Henry Sledd. of Paris, R. M. Sledd,of Lyons, Kans., and Wm. Sledd, ofMt. Sterling, and by two sisters,Mrs. Elizabeth Dale, of Mt. Sterling, and Mrs. J. P. Stevenson, ofnear Carlisle.The body was taken to the oldShannon burying ground, in Nicholas county, where the t funeral washeld at' ten o'clock Saturday .morning, yDOTSON. Frank M, Dotson, aged .sixjygeven, retired farmer, died at' theMassie Memorial Hospital,, in thiscity, following aprotracted illnessdue to a complication of diseases.Mr. pqtson had been engaged tmfarming, for several years, but -forsome time had. been residing "inapartments .at Pincrest, in Paris,Mr. Dotson was oYa ,kindly disposi-tion and was well liked by a largecircle ofM friends. ,He is survived by his widow, whowas foimerly Miss Belle Hedges,, ofNicholas county; one daughter, Mrs.Wm. Dotson, of Akron, Ohio;, oneson, J. C. Dotson, of Middlesboto,Ky. ; two sisters, Mis. H. H. Earlywine, of Taylorsville, Ky., and Mrs.Eva Kenton, of Dayton, Ohio; threebrothers, Riley Dotson, of nearParis; James L. Dotson, of Louisville, and Jos. L. Dotson, of Nicholas county.The funeral was held at twoo'clock Saturday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grae inthe Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The pall-beareis were:Chas. P. Mann, Ray Harris, J. P.Trisler. H. Roberts, J. L. Horton,J. M. Endicott.MUTHMis. Edward Muth, aged ninety-one,formerly' ofParis, died atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. IkeW. Miller, in Nashville, Tenn., Fri-lday, after a long illness due to theinfirmities of age.Mrs. Muth was the widow of Edward Muth, St., who was for manyyears engaged in business in ParisShe was a sister of the late Mrs.L. Frank, and Prof. E. Amende,both pioneer residents of Paris, andan aunt of Robert and Julian Frank,of this city, Dr. Louis Frank, ofLouisville, Dr. Ben Frank, otniNewYork, Mrs. M. C. Browning, of Chicago, and Mrs. Jack Fitzgerald, ofCleveland, O. Her two sons, EdMuthy who was in the shoe businessin Paris a .long time, and Dr. WillMuth, of St. Louis, Mo., precededher to the grave many years ago.Mrs. Muth will be well rememberedby the older residents of Paris, whoknew her as- a kind-hearted, ajenerous woman.The hody was brought to Paris,yesterday afternoon, the burial taking place from' the 3:30 train. Services were conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Rev. O. B.Crockett, pastor of the-Paris Methodist church. Thpall-bearers were:Robert Lee Frank, Sr., Robert LeeFrank, Jr., Russell Frank, Dr. LouisFrank, Julian Frank and Wm. H.Webb.COONSDr. A. B. Coons, aged sixty-two,one of the most prominent physicians of Georgetown, died at his homeon West Main street, in that city,at one o'clock Saturday morning,after a long illness.Dr. Coons was the son of Reubenand Mattie Smith Coons, and was anative of Henry county. He was agraduate of the Louisville College ofMedicine, and had been practicinghis profession in Scott county forthe last twenty-seven years.Dr. Coons is survived by his widow, who before her marriage wasMiss Mamie Smith; one daughter,Mrs. Logan Bryan, of North Middletown; one sister, Mrs. Lee WrightPendleton, of Georgetown.The funeral was held atthe family home in Georgetown, Sunday afternoon with services, conducted byRev. F. W. Eberhardt, pastor of theGeorgetown Baptist churchy assisted by Prof. W. C. Bower and Prof.McQuary, of Lexington. The interment followed on the family 'lot inthe Georgetown Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were: J. W. Chapman,C. E. Wood, Phil H. Murphy, J. C.Ward, Dr. C. O. Hook and HughMoore; Honorary, Drs. W. H. Coffman, D. R. Knox, Harry Johnson,'J. E. Pack, S. S. Anderson, P. C.I Collins, J. C. Thomasson, L. F.Heath, W. H. Wlbur, G. W. Wilbur,G. W. McGinnis, Drs. H. Stewart, R.D..Caffman,W. .0. XUaxon and J-...D.'p4 ... 1 .General AdmissionADULTS OR I27c, war tax 3c...OUUCHILDREN i AnNo tax lUCGALLERY OJJa18c, war tax 2c...uUTUESDAY TUESDAYWilliam Duncan and Edith Johnsonin "STEEL HEART; A Vitagraph production; a Western picture of bravery, daring, adventure and lbve. . '"FOOIISS IIVES," a Century Comedy, and PATHE BEVIEW.WEDNESDAY - WEDNESDAYPriscilla Dean "Conflict"Stuart Paton's stupendous sensation of the Nprth woods, tremendous sensation breath-stoppingsensations, thrills galore. Oh,THURSDAYConstanceTake lessons in love and laugh while you' learn." If you don't know how to make love take some"Lessons in Love" from "Connie." If tou do know the art of love., let "Connie" give you a few tips."SHAKE AND SHIVER," a Hal Roach Comedy, and MOVIE CHATS No. 43.Bourne and Ed. Ward, Geo., Hambrick, Less Murphy, Chas. '.Gager,George Sabel and Frank Bridges.BIRTHSNine-pound twins, daughters,arrived recently at the home- of Mr.and Mrs. Gus Moore, in Cynthiana,increasing their family to thirteenchildren. The new arrivals havebeen named Mattie Lee and HattieMarie.BOURBON SCHOOLS ENROLLEDJUNIOR RED CROSSThe schools of Bourbon countyand the Paris City School are onehundred per cent, enrolled in theJunior Red Cross. This is the firstcounty in the State to have thisdistinction, according to a statement made by Miss Inez Caudill,secretary of the Bourbon CountyRed Cross Chapter. Miss Caudillreceived a communication from theState headquarters conveying thisinformation. Washington countystands second on the list. Miss Caudill is spending the holiday vacation with her parents, Judge andMrs. F. L. Caudill, at Frenchburg.ryf vvVv--.- . V A. .f-fcimBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 TicketsOn Sale at Boxdon't missit!V11-00"TOOTLESFIRE FIGHTERS ,V a 2-reel comedy;THURSDAYTalmadge in "Lessons of LoveLITTLE ROCKMiss Mollie. Bolson has returned from a visit to Mrs., Amos Prather, in Maysville.Miss Sallie Banta entertainedthe High S.chool7 students, and otheryoung folks jor f ihe neighborhoodThursday niglit. 'Mrs. Louis A. Tripp' and littledaughter, of Greenfield, Ind., are atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. JonathanBurris for the holidays.Misses Gladys May, of Lexington, and Sarah Lail, of Shawhan,were week-end visitors at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Prather.Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Urmstonand family spent Sunday with relatives near Broadwell, in Harrisoncounty.Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Thomasonhave as guests for the holidaystheir daughters Misses Christine andLouvenia Thomason, of Cincinnati,and Mrs. Victor Corbin, and Dr.Corbin and children, of Butler.- Misses Marguerite Clark andElizabeth Burris, of TransylvaniaCollege, Lexington, ElizabethCrouch, of Richmond, and ClarkWalls, of the University of Kentucky, are at home for the holidays.0"",i.GREETINGStsiFOR, 1923i 'WE WISH TO EXTEND OURGREETINGS OP THE SEASON TO OUR MANYFRIENDS AND- PATRONS.WE SINCERELY THANKTHEM FOR THEIR LIBERALPATRONAGE AND WISH TOEVERY ONE A HAPPY ANDJOYOUS NEW YEAR.POSNER BROS.DAN COHEN STAND-7' .... ; --I' ;-" v' f i'i- v..v.- ?-,'t .. . i . ii .- . 7 Kr --"'."' ' ' ' - ' ' ''SggBg i 1Z!-- - W . ..x ' " .-- A- ' ' illRAHOfficePATHE NEWS.??RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatism ?can be cured so that you can ba '"your own good self again?It has been done .not only once, "ibut in almost every case by nature'strreat Remedy, Radlo-Actlye Miwo-4gco Mineral) Water Baths at ourSanitarium. 'Moderate' Rates. Write for literature.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,lG-tf) Milan, Ind.Job was a patient man but henever had to figure out the mysteries of the income tax blajnk..It is all right to trust your friendshrrt nnf- inn far lOLD MAGAZNESOld magazines, of 11 kinds,wrapped in bundles. Given to firsfecomer. List embraces all the wellknown publications, including alarge lot of sporting magazines.They will furnish good reading:through the wmter for someone."Come and get them- Call at THE:NEWS office.IrI "5Jfr,JJJ.m Coffman, W. O. Claxon and L. D.1 r XL;-f--I