X.,A!&rt V .?-y4lHitlviIfV!.' V rVfi!iPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY EN THE YEAR.VOLUMEl XLII-. t JPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6. 1322-a -THEBOURBONTffFWI' - r- ,::AID OFFEREDBURLEY POOLAdvances On Crops and Opening ofTobaoco Warehouses Clote At 'Hand, Says StoneFINANCESAEEASSUREDOffers of advances on the crops ofmembers of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Associationin the various counties have beenmade by a number of the banks inthe Burley tobacco counties, President James C. Stone said Tuesday.Asked as to what progress wasbeing made in financing the pooledorop, Mr. Stone said:"We have received offers of advances on the pooled crops fromquite a number of the so-calledcountry banks and it is the intentionof the association to give this business to the banks which ask for it.We have had assurances all alongthat the banks in the rural communities would take a share of thisbusiness and the bankers in most ofthe counties showed their confidencein the movement by advising growers to join the association. vIt is nosurprise to us that now they shouldcome forward and tender the facilities of their institutions to the cooperative marketing movement."We are working as rapidly asfjf possible on the details that must precede the opening of the warehousesfor the reception of the tobaccogrown by members of the associationand we will open the warehousesjust as soon as these details can beworked out and arrangements madefor the advances to the growers onthe tobacco they deliver."A system of grading is beingworked out at the headquarters, 620South Broadway, this week.Ralph M. Baker, Director ofWarehouses, who has been at Carrollton and Louisville since "Saturday, arrived at headquarters Wed-nesday and will be busy the rest ofthe week on warehouse personneland other details of. h la department. oThe demand for Tanlac has brokenall world's records. Over TwentyMillion bottles have been sold sinceIt was placed on the market sixyears ago. People's Pharmacy.FRANK &LADIES1 OUTFITTERSThe date of our bigClearance Sale will beannounced later to ourfriends and customersof Bourbon and adjoining counties. Watchthis paper for date.KRANK&CO;LADIES' OUTFITTERSBOURBON IN THE LEGISLATUREWith the opening of the 1922session of the Kentucky Legislatureat Prankkfort, TueBday, two Bourbon county men are thrust forwardinto the limelight as publicservants,and are expected to give a good account of their stewardship.James H. Thompson, who had beengiven the nomination for Speakerof the House, without opposition, inthe Democratic caucus held on Monday afternoon, was formally inducted into the office at the openingsession, taking the oath of officefrom Chief-Justice Rollin Hart. Mr.Thompson is now nresidine over thedeliberations of the Lower House. the welfare of the Kentucky farmHon. Henry S. Caywood, of North , ers in the Pinion o James C. Stone,Middletown, who was elected as Presilent aQd general manager of theSenator from this district, was also Burle5r Tobauco Growers Co-oper-sworninto office at the same time.ative Association, who said thatandtook his seat in the Senatorial Tuesday's unprecedented action inwing of the Assembly. In the list faciliating the introduction and refQf appointments given out by the erence of tne Bingham co-operativeSpeaker, Mr. Caywood waa assigned marketing act is greatly appreciatediw tuB uunuiiiausnip 01 cne or tnemost important committees in theLegislature, that of Revenues andTaxation. Mr. Caywood has beenvery greatly interested in the tax"question, and will be a valued member of the Legislature.oIMPORTANT NOTICE. .!. T.1 T-.l .. 1To the members of the Paris Community Service:The regular annual meeting of themembers of thp. PHr nnTnrrmnHv iService will be held at the CountyCourt room in the court house atParis, Kentucky, on Saturday even-!a11ing, January 7, 1922, at 7:00 o'clockfor the purpose of selecting a Boardof Control, and for the transactionof such business as may come beforesaid meeting.Your presence will be appreciated.M. H. DAILBY, President.ARRANGING FOR DRAMATIC INSTITUTE r George Jenkins and A. H. McFad-den, representing the CommunityService, Inc., met with the local executive committe of the CommunityService Wednesday afternoon in-theoffice of the Paris Commercial Clubtor the purpose of making arrangements for establishing a dramaticinstitute in Paris. No definite planBwere worked out at the meeting, butIt is hoped to become a local enterprise in the very near future.CO.w:", -v - -&mmmmmmmmmrmmmSOLONS SEEFARMERS' NEEDSLegislature Keenly ALilve To Importance of Tobacco Legislation, InAdvancing Tobacco BillOFFICERS WOEK ON DETAILThe Present legislature is alive tothe needs and keenly interested inby the organized burley growers."That action," said "Mr. Stone,"clearly shows that the members ofthe present assembly are keenlyalive to the needs of the farmers ofthe State and deeply interested intheir welfare. We do not anticipateany opposition to the -enactment ofthe bill and I regard it as likely thatit will be a law of Kentucky by thistime next week. We appreciate theaction of the legislature and especially the cordial support given themeasure, without regard to political1 affi"f0n' y e f h aS;sembly- It is a bill in the interest ofthe people and of course' therois no politics in it."Mr. Stone said that rural bankswere offering their facilities for the"""6 t110 uullojr ulup UL xt"ifirmTmtnr 9 1, U....1,... .o inn-iand that it probably would be thepolicy of the association to givethese banks all of that business thatthey felt like accepting."We have had assurances allalong," he said, 'M;hat the banks inthe farming counties would take aconsiderable share of this business,as they had already manifested theiirconfidence in the movement by advising their depositors to join theassociation. It Is, therefore.vnftJ, . ,. , ,. , , , -.'surprise lu us mat tney snouia nowoffer their banking facilities to 'further the marketing of the 1921crop."Mr. Stone said the -officials of theorganizations were busy with thedetails that must be worked out before the 1921 crop can be received,but everything is being done possible to arrange for the opening of thewarehouses at the earliest possiblemoment and the payment of advances on the crops delivered.The grading system, which is engaging the attention of officials,.!probably will be worked out by theend of the week and Director ofWarehouses Ralph M. Barker is expected to announce the personnel ofthe other districts in his chargewithin the next two or three days,DON'T FORGET TO ATTEND THISFURNITURE SALEDon't forget the date, time, placeof the furniture sale to be held byHarris, Speakes & Harris, to-morrow,Saturday, at 2:00 p. m., inbuilding lately occupied by People'sPharmacy. - d(lt)oANTO AND DOG OWNERSGET BUSYMUSTAccording to County Clerk PearcePaton automobile and dog owners ofBourbon county have been slowerthan -usual in securing licenses fortheir machines and animals. Up tolast night, the number had fallenfar short as compared with the sameperiod last year. Bourbon countyhas a total of 1,600 to be issued for1922, and of this total about 850have been taken out.According to present indications,the Sheriff and deputies will be' keptbusy in a few days "taking care" of.dogs on which license tax has notbeen paid, as the records show thatonly 535 dog licenses have beenissued this year in the county out ofapproximately 3,000 dogs. There isa strong sentiment in the county, especially in the Millersburg precinct,where a large number of sheep havebeen killed lately by vagrant dogs,against dogs that are not tagged.l-oPAY YOUR. GAS AND ELECTRICBELLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular' discount Pay to-day do notput it off if save" us trouble mndmtm you money. - -- PARIS OA8 Jfc ILBCTRIC CO. 4 " ;(1-lt) (Inepriorattt)-" ijg--BUSINESS POOR,WIT SOUNDNew York Knanoier Gives Interesting Resume of New YearBusiness Conditions ,RECOVERY CERTAIN SOONThe new year began with generaljln -which he gave expression to his!business conditions throughout thecountry "poor but sound," saidArcher Wall Douglas, chairman ofthe Committee of Statistics andStandards of the Chamber of -Com-merce of the United States, recentlyAccording to Mr. Douglas a deter-mined and constructive effort is be-ing exerted to bring about a changefor the better by team-work and co-operation. In the entire absence ofany apprehension of a money paniche sees the most encouraging "fe'a-"ture of the whole situation."How long the present situationWill last is a subient of miinh fmpn -j,w ,.ulation andInquiry," said Mr.Douglas."In the cotton sections, chere aretuoue who wno ieei mat tne nrstsix months of the year will show1 acontinuous monotony of dull busi-ness. In the industrial districtstnere is a general reeling tnat tnesituation will improve when pricesof commodities reach a figure thatwill tempt the ultimate consumer tobegin purchasing for other than hisimmediate wants. It is rather significant that some sales can be madeat bargain figures, but very few atmoderate concessions. The answerapparently is, therefore, that whenthe readjustment now in active ope-ration has resulted in a sufficientlylow level of prices for manufacturedcommodities, business in the Indus-trial districts win assume more nor-mal proportions"We have the curious paradox inthis country at this time of thegreatest harvest ever gathered, andconsequntly the greatest amount" 'of, .agricultural, wealth, in quantity,1 The Woman's Missionary Societythat we have ever known, with the 'of the Christian church will holdlack of the factor of ready transla- the regular monthly meeting Frltion into liquid capital; and in the day, January 6, at 2:30 p. m., Mrs.midst of increditable plenty on every Baldwin's group in charge. Mrs.hand, the country side Is still in Charles Thomas, of Lexington, Statesore distress. The farmer is partic- president, will be the guest of honorularly short of funds since he has and speaker for the occasion. Amarketed so small a portion of his social hour will follow,.crop, and as the country banks arealready loaned up to their limit, itis difficult, in fact almost impossible, 'for the merchants and farmers to ob-,tain further credit. The farmer is.most unwilling to sell his products,at present low figures, and is not do- jing so, -save under stress of neces-'sity or because of pressure broughtby mercants and banks to settle hisaccounts."From the viewpoint of the farm-.er, it may be said that he purchas-ed his house and farm equipmentlast spriiig at the peak of high prices and paid for labor the largestwages within his memory. Now, be-fore he has opportunity to dispose ofhis products, the prices decline fromforty to fifty per cent, until theyreach figures which seem to him entirely, unremunerative. In addition,!as is always the case" in periods ofIlow prices, he finds that there idpractically no market for some of "his goods. I"Many merchants are engaged in 'collecting bills due rather than in-!curring new commitments, and consequently their buying is confined, !after the example set by the farm-jer, largely to things of immediate'need. Collections are naturally slow .under these conditions. Merchants tare revising drastically their creditsystems under the stress of necessity, and in many cases the retailersin the country districts are confining .themselves strictly to cash transactions."IMPROVEMENTS IN ICE PLANTUnder a scheme of new improvements being inaugurated at the plantof the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.,is included a new twenty-five ton 'ice machine, which is to be Installed ;in the company's new building, nowin course of erection. This new ma- jchine will increase the daily outputof the plant from fifty tons to seven- jty-flve tons. Other improvements of,a substantial nature tending- to materially increase the .facilities of theplant kre'under. consideration,- andmoet of them will bf.put.inta effectbefore, the. ,onen$;g of the'gprlir.'andi summer wwoKra. .. -.SHERIFF. COLLEGE PBESENTEDWITH GOLD -BADGEA handsomely - engravedgoldBadge, of neat design,with thenamestof rthe donors, Misses Grace!Haskins and Catherine Murphy, and'Messrs. will G. McClintock, RobertM. Gilkey, Pearce Paton and M. J.-, ,U6iacu uu me reverseSide, was -nroaantori tuvi - atside, was presented Monday to Sheriff M. Peale Collier, when he tookcharge of his official duties.Mr. Collier responded to the presentation remarks with a short talk.slncere thanks, and promised to.vears.,erve the people of the county to thebeat nis ability. Mr. Collier willDe aDly assisted in conduct of thoffice by his ' deputies, DouglasThomas, Robt. M. Gilkey and Jamesmwi wno were also sworn inMonday. With officials of such highcharacter In charge the business oftlle offlc of Sheriff will be conductedln a creditable manner to the bestfously held the offices of deDutv Shar-lutrest or an tne people all thetime Just as it was under the ad-j ministration of his most worthyPredecessor, former Sheriff Will G.. MCUlmtOCk.-o-EGG MARKET DECLINES- Tne bottom dropped out of thelocal egg market during the pastfew days, and there has been asteady decline in price for the past Jweek. Yesterday local dealers werepaying- thirty cents per dozen witha plentiful supply on hand. Thepoultry "market remains firm, withsupply exceeding the demand.AMERICAN LEGION MEETINGj BourDon Post of the AmericanLegIon win hold a smoker an(J socialwtom, in addition to the regularmeeting, in the County Court room,to-night (Friday), at 7:30 o'clock,Every member of the Post i8 reUSted to be presen A11 fQrierservice menwill bewelcome.MONTHLY MEETING WOltAN'SIflSSIONAJLY. SOTTFTY vThe Original0vJ.B SMITH SHOE CO. Makers. CHICAGOWHEN your feet are properly clad, why dread a littlerain? Dr. A. Reed CushionShoes not only give style for ,sunny days and comfort for hotones, but they keep your feetsnug and dry when it's cold and "rainy. They neednohreakinginIt's All inMitchell &FORMER PARISIAN GETSCITY JOBIt takes a native-born Paris dot t;grab the grapes where !,...Pens to be livlns-. nn if ,, - -Zborn fact that almost everv on hfthas gone out from the good oldJ home town has prospered. Ons of-tnese is Thomas A. McLausrhlin m.i4.i - . . -nativA PoHo Ytntr .,t. i . ., -.... ..c uxjj, wuu .uas oeenresident of Lexington for severalyears. Mr. McLaughlin marriedMiss Nellie Schwartz, of this city.He has been a prominent figure Inofficial circles in Lexington for mtnvMr. McLaughlin has been appointedclerk for the City Department ofPublic Safety of Lexington by Commissioner Kinkead, and assumed hiidutie's Tuesday. Mr. McLaughlimwill have charge of all the officework of the department, attend tothe correspondence and issue requisitions ror supplies. He has previ-in ior rour years under Sheriff J.Waller 'Rhodes; cashier under CityTreasurers John Bain and FrankOtt, and cashier and bookkeeper under Mayor Bradley when that officialwas Sheriff of Feyette county. PreJvious to his appointment as cashierunder Mr. Bain-he was receiver forseven years tfg$the Eastern StateHospital at texfngton.oY. P. M. S. TO CELEBRATE TENTHANNIVERSARYThe Young Peoples' MissionarySociety of the Methodist church willcelebrate its tenth, anniversary witha "Birthday Dinner" at the churchto-night at siv o'clock. ' The DistrictSecretary, Mrs. E. M. Thomason, ofMillersburg, and Mrs. Virgil M. McClure, of Lexington, will be present.Mrs. McClure will install the newofficers with the marriage ceremony.This is one of the most interestingmeetings of the new year, whenplans are made for the year, and allthe old members are urged" to bepresent. Any new members are cordially invited to be present at thisfirst meeting of the new year.IF YOU WANT SOME REAL GOODCHEESEIf you want some of the bestcheese made, call for some of thatOld English Cheese that we are selling so much of.6-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.-Defective electric wiring Is said tobe the cause of most fires.rand Genuineiithe CushionBlakemorem.&-.j t&t.?$t$&-PAGE TWOBOURBON NEWS!let 188141 Years of Continmoms Publication.. JMUP.BebEflied Every Tuesday and FridayJir Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash, in Advance.SUFI GHAKP, Editor and Owner.(Battered at the Paris, Kentucky,Fwtoffie as Mail Matter of theSewwid Class.)R FOREIGN BEPBESENTA-TIVES.a3few York American Press Asso-Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W.' Ayers & Son.JUlanta Massengale Adv. Agency'Cimoinnati Blaine Thompson Co"Lomisville Lowman-Mullican Co.nn5F i iaiiy !tint a i uum ftdCOLUMBUS TOMBmmHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JANUARY , lfll.Tender Htartg.I "Yes," said the old timer of the Bar-' 0 rapch, "this here civilization out o4 th' Bast has got into our best societylike a reg'lar mange. Used t' be whenwe caught a skunk usln' two legs fpush hisself around, we could do unto. . . . . I him accordln' to our sense o' fitness,Receiver General Pulliam's Idea ; hut &teiy our boys is getting so ten-for Memorial to the Great ! tgltSS la'cbJlI yiOUHlUlJ uwiuwiuwui .w. v. ..-Discoverer.ADVERTISING RATES'Dlgplay Advertisements, $1.00 periadb. for first time; 50 cents per inchc&ch subsequent insertion.Beading Notices,, 10 cents per line&ca issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andeteilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise--x&e&tBand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved'to decline any advertisement orofeer matter for publication.Announcements for political officesst invariably be accompanied bytke cash.not Any erroneous reflection upon the-itjelftiicter, standing or reputation ofsatf person, firm or corporation-ftfch may appear in the columns-ofTHE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGS. .. Two pints, one quartOne quart, one fight,.""" 8ne fight, one cop,One cop, one Judge,-' One Judge thirty days!- .Day's Best ThoughtStart 1922 right! Shake off anypet grouch you may have. Like1 personal magnetism, enthusiasm is.. .-something people feel. Like a heartylaugh, it is contagious. In every wayt it is a success quality. Why not be-gin its development in the first daysof the New Year?The United States Geological Sur-, .Vfey finds that Alaska was once atropical country in which palms andi flowers flourished all the year round.Possibly Providence sent the cold" -"Wave to punish the girls for costumes- and customs which incited - the- equivalent of the South Sea Islands-'" literature of the present time.; They were discussing the disarmv anient conference in a Paris restaur1 ant the other night. Said Bob P.orter: "I want to know whether if"3Tapan is allowed to keep the battleship Mutsu, Uncle Sam will be allowed a build a "Jeffsu." But no, one' could tell him."' "Just smile," says Charles Schwab,the steel multimillionaire, "and- rtimes will be better." That so,.Charles? Well, it is our opinion'that you would have a hard time'Convincing the laboring men, business men and farmers of Bourbon-county to believe they can pay theirobligations by smiling.eThe Christmas tree is on the, dump,The pantry shelves are bare,U The home-made brew has seen a' slump,; "We're coming back to common fare.'The New Year bills are piling highAnd father has no dough,, While daughter, with a soulful sighf " Takes down the mistletoe.:t They are now trying to tell uschow to make good mince pies with--out using one of the very necessary but hard-to-get ingredients. ButFUND OF $500,000 IS NEEDEDContends That Columbus' Bonts Arein Santo Domingo Says 'AllAmericans Should Con-tribute to Fund.New York. One of the most interesting undertakings Interrupted bythe war was that of building a greattomb and lighthouse over the remainsof Christopher Columbus in SantoDomingo. It was the Idea of WilliamE. Pulllam, then receiver general ofcustoms of the Dominican Republic,and his wife. When Mr. Pulllam leftNew York recently to resume that posthe said that the plans for the monument would be taken up again. Ifthey are carried to completion a loftymausoleum, like that of Napoleon inLes Invalides in Paris, or Grant'stomb, on Riverside drive, will riseover the remains of Columbus and agiant beacon crowning -it ' will lightthe way of boats plying the Caribbeansea.Remains in Santo Domingo.There is general contention as to.where the authentic remains of Columbus really He. Many authorities, especially those in Spain, maintain thatthe bones were removed from SantoDomingo to Havana In 1795 and thencein 1898 to Seville, Spain, but other.historians and experts, with whomMr. Pulllam agrees, say that these arethe remains either of Columbus's son,Diego, or his grandson, Luis, and thata leaden casket dug up in the cathedral of Santo Domingo in 1877 containing human bones has been established through Inscriptions and historical records as the coffin of the discoverer. The following extracts are from letters written by Mr. Pulllam In 1914to the Pan-American -Union in Washington and to President Jose Bordasof Santo Domingo regarding his project: "From my general investigation ofthe subject, it would appear the unanimous opinion of investigators that theremains of Columbus are in Santo Domingo, where they have lain sincebrought from Spain about 1537.- Ahouttwenty years ago the Dominican government set aside and vested in ajunta Columbina, a tract of land inthe heart of the city, for the purposeof erecting thereon a mausoleum forthese remains. The location Is Ideal.It overlooks the sea so often traveledby Columbus on his voyages of discovery, and the anchorage where thehumiliated admiral, divested of hisauthority by Bobadilla, embarked forSpain In October, 1500, in irons. Themausoleum plan failed of completion,but as a substitute a monument waserected in the cathedral, and in acrypt provided therefor the remainsare now preserved. The monument,though ornate, is not commensuratewith the greatness of Columbus,-nordoes It constitute a fitting mark forsuch" a world character.Favors Mausoleum."I have often thought that amausoleum corresponding in a way tothat of Napoleon in Paris or the Granttomb in New York, should be erected,its construction to be the concern ofthe Republic of North, Central andSouth America and of Canada. Amassive tomb could be erected, andon the same a lighthouse superimposed and a powerful light installedto guide by night the path of thepresent-day perplexed mariner. Eachcountry assisting might supply amarble slab or bronze tablet, suitablyinscribed, to be placed in the interioraround the sarcophagus."The total cost of the memorial tomband lighthouse Mr. Pulllam placed In1914 at about $500,000. Whatever the.present outlay would have to be, it Ishis and Mrs. Pulliam's view that everyindividual In the Americas shouldhave his or her chance to contributeto the memorial, and that a levy of50 cents on each person would probably bring in enough money to see thebuilding through and provide a fundfor maintenance and upkeep. Hisplan has received the enthusiastic in:dorsement of leaders throughout theAmerican continent and in the Dominican Republic, and he said thatline with a citizen's hoss. we don't donothin' to him except just hang him."Richmond Times-Dispatch.MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The Big Four Motor Co.,. .PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Mrs. Cora Delaney, Etc.,. DefendantFOR TAXITo Depot, and anywhere in cityor State, call Cumberland Phone1096. (30-4t)FOR RENTThe R. J. Neely coal yard, stableand warehouse combined, located onFourth street. Apply to 'W. WMTCHELL, Agent.Under and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theNovember term of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, will onSATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1922,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, sell at publicoutcry, to the highest and best bidder one Ford Truck, License Number1315.Said sale will be made upon acredit of three months, the purchaserbeing required to execute bond withgood and approved surety due threemonths from date of sale and bearing interest at the rate of six percent. (6) per annum from date ofsale until paid; said bond to havethe force and effect of a judgment,with a lien retained upon the propperty to secure payment.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the judgment in favorof the plaintiff in the sum of Seventy-TwoDollars and Two Cents($72.02) with interest from August1, 1921; until paid.The debt, Interest and costs ofthis sale are estimated as of thedate of sale at One Hundred andThirty-Five Dollars ($135.00.)The above car may be inspected atany time before the sale at theWhite Front Garage, 706 MainStreet, Paris, Kentucky.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(dec23-30-jan6)Public Sale of FurnitureOn January 7, at 2 p. m., we willsell for Mr. F. E. Jones at the building formerly occupied by the' People's Pharmacy, between 6th and 7thSt., on Main St., a lot of householdand kitchen effects consisting, of thefollowing:Fumed oak Mission Sitting room,suite consisting of a book case, settee, 2 leather chairs, 1 library table,and one rug.Bed room suite consisting of 1bed and springs, dresser, chiffonier,table,sewing rocker, rug, all goldenoak. "Dining Room suite, consisting ofFumed oak table, 6 "chairs, 1 openfront gas stove.Kitchen suite consisting of gascooking stove, kitchen chairs. 1Hoosier cabinet, 1 refrigerator.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(Jan. 3-6)MWT5'WAMfcDPULLEYWe have a new 24-Inch woodenpulley -i&at we would like to exchange for a 36-inch pulley, eitherwooden or metal, paying differencein cash. Or would pay cash for pulley between 24 and 36 inches insize(tf) THE BOURBON NEWS.AGENTS WANTEDLive agents wanted to handlecity trade for the gnuine "WatkinsProducts. A real opportunity.Write to-day for free sample andparticulars to J. H. Watwins Company, Dept. 72, Memphis, Tenn.(3-4t-pd)We Buy and SeHAll kinds of huosehold goods.A large line of heating stoves nowon display. Get our prices beforeyou buy.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Street3.(augl5-tf)STHNWAYSAnd Other High -Grade TiamtJ,Players and Talking Kachinei -Why go out of town to select amusical instrument, when we camsell you a first-clasa instrument atlower price, with our guarantee,which goes with all our instrumentalCash or convenient terms may bearranged. Just received a shipmentof latest music rolls and records.We also do tuning and jepairing ofall kinds.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.,226 Main St., (upstairs) WilsoBuilding.J. B. GEIS, Representative.Cumb. Phone 201. (F)Notice to CreditorsAll persons having claims againstthe estate of C. J. Lancaster, deceased, are notified to present topsame, proven as required by law, &my attorney, Denis Dundon, at hisoffice in the First National BankBuilding, in Paris, Ky., on or beforeFebruary 15, 1922.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to said estate will pleasecall and settle with my attorney.FRANK M. BURTON,Administrator of C. J. Lancaster.(16dec-tol7jan)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe Anglo-American Mill Com- ppany PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.W. C. Jacoby, W. J. McWhorter,and George W. Dorsey . DefendantsW, s."A 4-Zw- S-m TTTtl VTfA VfilTf YYI11tTxiu um ...met " ., "'"-"unofficial approval of the scheme hadtime or room to waste on mince pie 1 . .- ovnroc0 hv th nv.I leCUUJf VTitilX ,..t ..-"- -'J - O- --a, ia uevu.All we'uns who have become dis-F justed with the bickerings and the? delays of the peace conference, the; -disarmament conference, with Con-t" .-grese, with politics, and with thehuman race in general, will still, have to manage to stay on earth, asi' the traffic to the other planets is yet. little slow.0While the Sunday school class was:r holding a session Sunday morning in7 the office of the White Front Garage,the sudden jingle of the telephonebell interrupted the lesson. EarlCurtis, upon answering the call, wasgreeted thusly: "White Front Garage? Say, send me help out on theWinchester pike. I've turned turtle."Earl Immediately replied: "Say, mistier, this is a garage. What you-rant is an aquarium;" And the-.-.. class resumed their studies.,ernment at Washington.Uncle Sam Opens ShopFor Stamp Collectors'-Stamp .collectors and dealershereafter will be able to buystamps for their collections direct from the Post Office department in Washington. Postmaster General Hays has issued ani -order for the establishment of aJ philatelic stamp agency In thei department, to meet the long un-filled demand of collectors to bei able to buy stamps, particularlyspecial issues frequently not obi talnable In post offices, directJ from the department. Rare andi obsolete Issues aiso will be avallI able through the agency, but allI sales are to 4)6 on a strictly cash Ij basis. Jitt -... a. ......... .MMMttUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe November term, 1921, of theBourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,will onSATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1922,at or near Hutchison Station, Bourbon County, Kentucky, at about thehour of eleven o'clock, a. m., sell atpublic auction to the highest andbest bidder the following describedproperty:1. 1 No. 1 American MarvelMill, capacity 25 bblsper 24 hrs;19x4 pulleys, 380 R. P. M.2. 1 No. 0 Columbian first breakfeed governor..3. 1 No. 3 American Marvel receiving separator; capacity 50 bu.per hour; pulley 7x4, 550 R. P. M.4. 1 No. 1 American Marveldouble scourer with shoe; capacity10 bu. per hour; pulley 8x5, 80 R.P. M.5. 10 10-inch Mill Magnets, andall belting included in contract.Said sale will be made upon creditof three months, the purchaser orpurchasers being required to executetheir bond with good and approvedsurety for equal parts of the purchase ihoney, due six months fromdate of sale and bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent. (6) perannum from date of sale until paid;said bond to have the force and effect of a judgment or replevin bond.Said sale is made for the purposesatisfying the judgment in favor ofthe plaintiff in the sum of ThreeHundred and Fifty-Seven Dollarsand Four Cents ($357.04), with interest from May the 7th, 1919, untilpaid, and Three Hundred and Eighty-FiveDollars and Eighty-Six Cents(385.86), with interest from Aug.the 1st, 1920, until paid, and ThreeHundred and Ninety. Dollars andEighty-Two Cents ($390.82), withinterest from November ' 1st, 1920,until paid, and the costs of this proceeding and sale.The costs are estimated as of thedate of sale at One Thousand, ThreeHundred and Fifty Dollars($1,360.00). "Or T. HINTONMaster Commissioner B. C. C.' (dec30-jan6-13) :DOLLARS ANDSENSEDollars and sense go hand in hand.Where you find sense you will find dollars somewhere near; a manwith sense will find dollars.Put a thousand dollars in the pocket of a person without sense andthe dollars will take wings and fly away the old adage "A Fool andhis Money is Soon Parted" will be exemplified.If you wish to have dollars and sense as friends, trade at PIGGLYWIGGLY where your dollars will buy the most, .where your sensev will tell you that you are getting" the best.PIGGLY WIGGLY has a reputation to maintain and sells onlygoods with reputatious, that is the advantage of buying from a storewith a reputation, a& it must always try to live up to that reputation.&Del Monte Sliced Pineapple, No.2 1-2 33c, No. 2 27c, i nNo.l IOCDel Monte Grated Pineapple, No.2 1-2 27c, No. 2 23c li.No. 1 14CDel Monte Peaches, sliced or halves,No. 2 1-2 34c, No. 2 26c. iNo. 1....- 1"CDel Monte Royal Anne Cherries oNo. 2 1-2 41c, No. 1 CDel Monte Bartlett Pears, oiNo. 2 1-2 41c, No. 1 CDel Monte Apple Sauce, n)-No.2 can "CDel Monte Spinach, i nNo. 21-2 23c, No. 2 1UCDel Monte Asparagus Tips, No. 1square tin mammoth white no41c, medium green JOCDel Monte Asparagus, No. 21-2square tin colossal white A"0peeled 54c, large whire....CDel Monte Pork and Beans, i aNo.2can 1UCCampbelPs Pork and Beans, i aNo.2can IvCJoan of Aro Kidney aBeans "cKaro Syrup, Red Label, 10 lbs 47c.5 lbs. 27c, o' 11-2 lbs CKaro Syrup, Blue Label, 10 lbs. 42c,5 lbs, 24c, O11-2 lbs cMansfield Evaporated Milk, ctall 10c, smallPet. Carnation or Wilson EvaporatedMilk, tall 111-2Q, Clsmall ,2CCampbell's Soup, iaaall kinds 1"CMaxwell House Coffee, oQrv pound OVL4Del Monte Catsup, 16-oz. onbottle ZifCBeech Nut Catsup, large t o28c, small IOCBeech Nut Chili Sauce, nilarge 35c, small 1CPremier Salad Dressing, olarge 42c, small IOCSouthworth's Imported Orange Marmalade, 16-oz. glass " 40Campfire Marsh- i jmallows "CPalmolive - qSoap. ..:...: 5CIvory v 7iSoap 2CStar j 1Soap.. 42CP. &G, ; aiSoap O4COld Dutch 1 ftCleanser. 1UCBallard's Pancake 1 r-Flour , i.lOCBallard's Buckwheat -iFlour .10CJello, all flavors, 1 apackage 1UCGolden Age Macaroni, Spaghettiand Noodles, 8-oz. 7 1package 2CQuaker Oafcs, ypackage lCCream of Wheat epackage... t &CSearchlight rMatches 1 DCFancy Irish Potatoes, large stock,peck 15 pounds iaweighed . .WCPure Hog Lard, 1 9 1pound 12CWe Don't Meet Prices We Make ThemPIGGLY707 Main StreetWIGGLY STOREParis, Kentucl. ,, , mmmm,mmmmmmmA-.'saSi mlPtyLFRIDAY, JANUARY t, 128.?a&s? i:4 :CALL FOR STATE AND NATIONALBANK STATEMENTSA call for the condition of Statebanks at the close of business Deoember 31, was issued Tuesday, byState Banking Commissioner James'P. Lewis.The comptroller of the currencyissued a call for the condition of allnational banks at the close of business Saturday, December 31.BRIGHTER-EVENINGSgy, 5r1B t jmm-4Just HistoryIn '76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She creeled her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering; Gas.Brit the srirl of to-dayWho wants her home bright.Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)PEOPLE OF OUR TOWNi&afl? Ssbcbo J&zSbsbsVY IV 111WS 8SSTHE BOURBON NEWS, "PARIS. KENTUCKYPERSONALSThe Inspector goes down to MeetNo. 1 every day to see that the Wheelsare all on the Pullman'B, after whichhe Tries Out all the Store and HotelChairs around town. And wheneverhe finds an Unsafe Building or Telephone Foie, he Patiently Stands bythe hour and Holds It Up!FreshReelfoot LakeFISHBats and NcwlightsFRIDAY ANDSATURDAYLogan HowardBoth Phones 179"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"BOUEBON FARMING-CONDITIONSThe past week has been a verybusy one for the farmers of Bourboncounty. Tobacco growers have hadsuch an excellent season to put theweed down that many have finishedstripping and are now ready to deliver their crop to the warehouses.Small grain is looking well. Thereis a good stand, well rooted, and thegrain is in splendid condition tostand a more severe winter than wasanticipated in the early fall. Mostfields were sown later than usual, asthe farmers, did not sow earlier, owing to fear of fly ravages.Very little livestock is changinghands at the present time amongthe stockmen and trades, but pricesare somewhat better than in the early fall. Plug horses, however, arenot finding a ready market. Most ofthe farmers who owned plugs havedisposed of them to keep from wintering them on feed that the farmers could not sell at a higher pricethan the horses would bring in thespring:, when needed for farm work.Common senses should , ,teach youto take care 'of the common1 cents. -The more temper a man has, themore frequently he loses it.DO YOUR TALKING"OVERTHEHOMELONG DISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICALWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tf)Expert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage-SuppHcs. Cars Washed' 'THE notable quality of our professional efforts is theirdignified character.Oar unfailing politeness is at all timesfavorably commentedupon. Our servicesare faithfully per-formed.panm j 1iiiUxTSBSSSSSSmSmSSSSSSSAXBSScSxSSbSS1Walter Caywood has returnedto his home in this city from a visitto his brother, Dr. E. S. Caywood.at Ravenna.-Miss Belsy Ray and little MissElizabeth Kenney have returnedfrom a holiday visit to friends andrelatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Richard H. Wills has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.E. S. Wills, in Cynthiana.Dr. Silas Evans, Mrs. MaggieRogers McClintock and daughter,Miss Rachel McClintock, were holiday guests of Mrs. Kate Rogers, nearGeorgetown.' Dr. J. T. Vansant was in Harrodsburg recently at the bedside ofhis brother, A. H. Vansant, who hasbeen quite ill for some time, but isnow improving.Misses Alice Cassell, of Harrodsburg, and Helen King, of Lexington, have returned to their studiesat the University of Kentucky, after spending? the holidays in Parisas guests of Miss Prances Kenney.Mrs. Arthur Hancock entertained at her home on Pleasantstreet Tuesday afternoon in in honorof the tenth birthday aninversaryof her daughter, Nancy Clay Hancock. 'J. M. McVey, who was selectedas successor to County School Superintendent J. B. Caywood, has assumed the duties of that office. Mr.McVey is looking for a suitablehome, so aB to bring his family here.Misses Elizabeth and Lucile Caywood, daughters of State SenatorHenry S. Caywood, of North Middletown, were guests of honor at a reception and entertainment given byMrs. J. Miller Hoffman, in Mt. Sterling. Capt. Emerson Galloway, whospent the holidays in this city withhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. GrantGalloway, has gone to Ft. Still, Oklahoma, where he will spend sixmonths in the Government AviationSchool.-i Miss P. Ricca Straeffer, fieldrepresentative in ' Kentucky for theNear East Relief Fund, is in Paris,planning for a campaign to be waged here, probably during February,to, raise Bourbon county's quota of? 2,4 00 for the fund.Ossian Spfake writes to havehis paper changed from Ravenna toCovington, to which point he hasbeen transferred in the Louisville &Nashville service. ,Mr. Sprake is agraduate of THE NEWS-and one ofits "valued subscribers."Mr. and Mrs. John T. Hedges, ofParis, attended a family reunionheld aft the home of Mrs. WilliamMassie, in Winchester. Mrs. Henry0. Thomas, Mrs.- Hedges' mother,now. in .her eighty-fif thicyear, . is stillhale and hearty and enjoys life tothe fullest.Mrs. Nannie Ransdall celebratedthe 'eighty-fifth anniversary of herbirth at her home on Pleasantstreet, yesterday. During the' day alarge number of friends and acquaintances called to pay their respects and to wish her many happyreturns of the day. Though slightlyailing at times from rheumatism,Mrs. Ransdall is as bright and chipper as a much younger person and isin -full possession of all her faculties.During the hoHdays MissesKing, of Lexington, and Cassell, ofHarrodsburg, who were guests ofMiss' Frances Kenney, were guests ofhonor at a number of interesting social functions in this city. One ofthese was an entertainment givenby Miss Louise Connell, at tbe homeof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. JohnJ. Connell, on Seventh street, an afternoon tea, at which tue guestswere: Misses Alice Cassell, HevlenKing, Virginia Dundon, FrancesKenney, Louise Connell; WilliamRogers, Ralph Connell and RaymondConnell.' Miss Kenney entertainedin honor of her guests at' the .homeof her parents, Dr and- Mrs Wm.Kenney. Delicious refreshments"were served and dancing indulgediin. The. guests were: MissesCassell and King, Louise Connell,TCancy Young; Alex T. Rice, JackLair, Joe Wadsworth (Maysville),Chester Young.One Qf the most enjoyable eventsof the holiday season took placeMonday night at the residence ofMr.- and Mrs. Joseph Hedges Ewalt,near Paris, when the attractiveyoung daughters of vthe home," MissesAnn Thomas and Josephine Ewalt,entertained with a dance in compliment to a large number of theirfriends., The home was beautifullydecorated in holiday colors, and withmistletoe and - holly. A r delightfullunch was served. The guests whopartook of the hospitality of theyoung hostesses were: Misses Catherine Duncan, Carolyn Wilmoth,Dorothy Jacoby, Kathe'ryn Wallingford, ,-L"buise Collier, Mamie LeeBaldwin, Margaret Hiill, Mary Letton, Marjorie Trisler, Emily Fithian,Moll -flla-ir - "Viv'trinia TMrkwIertTi V4V-cr; :- ;r::L";.r- 7zr,z::i r .r,:a wgimu nuucuuu., rjii6o.j2,u. xjiuemuii,Martha Talbott, Isabelle Talbott, j,EHzabetbuVWeathers; Messrs., Georgeuunaon, jeonara .ivicuann, wunamWornall, Jr.; Hume"" Payne, UsserylWilder, Warren Nash, Charles Knot,Rene Clark, Farris Adams, HerbertSleddT, 'Ralph Connell, Milton "Adair,Keller-Larkin, Gayle Brown, RobertSmith,- 'John "Woodford, ClarenceBaldwin Ed, Drane Paton,- RaymondTurner,;' J." M. Dundon, William; C61? Ilier, JPaul '3oneB, RoberCFranlfr JivliHugena.JLRir, Jiarr a. -fcjiayr -vBaldwlkrJohri Tinder, Houston Jacoby, Wilson Worick, Raymond Connell .and Walter Kenney, Jr.PAGECORNSLift Off with Fingers.1 S)J1 iJ IA I AtDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!""Your-druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. " (adv-T) .oOn Life's Journey.At forty a man doesn't think heknows as much as he thought heknew at twenty, but he knows thathe knows more. io"Light of the World."The "Light of the World" was a titleconferred upon SIgisniund (1411-1437),emperor of Germany, because of hiseimgijieuiiieni mm intelligence.4 Per Cent. INTEREST PAID ONTerm Savings DepositsA profitable return on your money withabsolute safety. All deposits made on orbefore the 10th of January, 1922, drawinteres from the 1st.Union Bank & Trust Co.LEXINGTON, KY.S.-E. CORNER MAIN AND UPPERU.- ,"IxIIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4A BUR Ml- Ruddy Cheeks Spark iL i EyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Edwards, a Well-KnownOhio PhysicianDr.F.M.Edvards for 17 years treatedscores of women for liver and bowel ailments. During these years he gave tohis patients a prescription made of afew well-known vegetable i-vredientsmixed with olive oil, r.srns themDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, i ou willknow them by their olive color.These tablets are wonder-workers onthe liver and bowels, which cause anormal action, carrying-. off the wasteand" poisonous matter in one'ssystcm.If you Have a pale face, sallow look,dull eyespjmples, coated tongue, headaches, a listless, no-good feeling, all out-of sorts, inactive bowels, you take oneofDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets' nightlyfor a time and note the pleasing.results.Thousands of women and men take.Dr. Jsdwards' Olive Tablets-7-the successful "substitute for calomelnow-andthen just to keep tliem fit 15c and SOc.fl Mil t r ffiiS ' t-J SI?SiPvsI V pSPfrVssr.1 m&n htif T jrt&SjPvl PlwSn v v&gWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!! ? With oil Vio lQtoctJTrvi77f TYiPnt.Qin ljnmrlr,i7QTYnl?QTifofliii and expert helpers we are"zm prepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentuckyff rXLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGTo OurIce PatronsThe Paris Ice ManufacturingCompany begs to announcethat the completion of ournew .storage, which is one ofthe largest in .Eastern Kentucky, will enable our patronsto purchase CHEAPER ICEthan in past years.:s-Call: 7i: ForTVA T TR V -1?' 3SJIfItfcIt''KvIIKKtmil B-ipllC EKfif-;,rtifijiu' 11IJ I1-.:'Mmsmm&jmj sbSlX&lLjitf&ilm. I rsr&toffir V.?-'fJiPr' V "JV'X.7UZ '"'-"-. - -J- "ST" -" -7Z. i- immmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmma5-j,--jt?--- 1. - - - . '---.hjT'f'---'?-3,: ";.' ;. ;-;:' j f ; '' ji., . JJFRIDAY,. JANUARY,, ,112.AGS 0UTHE BOURBON NEWS; PAWS, KENTUCKYJVfcOTsOEE PARIS BANKS ELECT' OFFICIALS FOR 1922The election of directors for thethree Paris banks, an Jinnual eventof each new year, was held Monday,In the offices of the banks, resultingin the selection of a full list of officials who will conduct the affairs ofthe institutions for the year. Theannual report of the banks showedthem to be on an entirely safe andsound ;finattclal footing, -and with theprospect of increased business in1122. PariB has reason to be proud ofthe good showing made by its banks.All three banks declared their usualsemi-annual dividends. The officersfor 1922 will be as follows:Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo. William Collins, John P. Davis,John Marston, Wm. O. Hinton, W.W. Hall, Buckner . Woodford, N.Kriener, Sam Clay, James M. Caldwtll, James L. Dodge, Thomas W.Allen. The bank declared a semiannual dividend of six per cent.Farmers & Traders Bank E. B.January, Thomas Mitchell, Frank P.Kiser, S. L. Weathers, George W.Wyatt, M. Hume Payne, Sam Houston, George K. Jones, James D. McClintock. The bank declared asemi-annual dividend of three percent.People-Deposit Bank & Trust Co.S. B. Bedford, Ed. Burke, J. W.Jacoby, Ed. Blake, Ed. H. Gorey, E.M. Dickson, Geo. W. Wilder, Robt.Meteer, E. M. Coetello, C. K. Thomas,,JP- P, Campbell. A semi-annual diydend of ais per cent was declared..The election of a Board of Directors for the First National Bank willbe held on Monday, January 10.x o .Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANo -Don't blame anybody but yourselfif jour nights are made miserableby indigestion. You failed to takeTanlac. People's Pharmacy.POOL FINANCED BY BINGHAM'SPAPERSIn a statement issued Tuesday,James C. Stone, president and general manager manager of the BurleyGrowers' Co-operative Marketing,Association, said: t k 8k &"It is not generally understoodthat Judge Robert W. Bingham entirely financed through his newspapers, The Courier-Journal and TheLouisville Times, the preliminaryorganization of the association.These newspapers out of their current funds paid to the OrganizationCommittee all the. money requiredto sign up the crop and include morethan 50,000 growers in the society."One of the greatest factors inaddition to the money furnished bythese newspapers was the hearty, active and continued support -givento the movement in the news andeditorial columns."This help came to the farmers ofKentucky at a critical timeL and agreat service has been rendered byJudge Bingham and his newspapersto the whole State."DELINQUENTS, NOTICEAll unpaid taxes due BourbonCounty will be advertised atpublic sale in the BOURBONNEWS on January 10th.W. G. McCLINTOCK, S. B. C. C.D. A. R. MEETING TO-MORROWThe January meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R. will beheld at the residence of the MissesLliiesion, on Higglns Avenue, tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon at twoo'clock.An "Indian Program" will be rendered at this meeting, the membersof the organization each contributing an afternoon's exhibit of Indian,relics and curios. Mrs. William Ardery will read a paper on the subject of "Indian Mounds In Bourbon County." Miss Elizabeth Lilleston will relate an Indian legendand Mrs. Edward Prichard will entertain with a group of Indian songs.'JIMMY'R0S$ FIFTEENWITH LEADERYEARSSaturday night marked the fifteenth anniversary of the coming ofJames M. Ross to "The LexingtonLeader. In that "time the Leader hasei extraordinary developments,and in its field of usefulness, butRoss has kept pace with fhe growthof the newspaper and has a right tofeel that he has contributed his shareto what has been accomplished by itin fifteen years. Since the presentmanagement took charge of TheLeader 'in December, 1913, Mr. Rosshas been the chief of the news staff.Within that period no man on thepaper in any department has beenmore loyal or "worked with greaterindustry to produce a sheet worthwhile to both reader and advertiser.It has been service of this characterin every department which has enabled The Leader to take a place inthe newspaper field which it holdswith no little degree of pride.WINDOW AND DOOR SCREENSGIVE US YOUR ORDER FORTHOSE WINDOW AND DOORSCREENS THIS WINTER; ANDHAVE THEM PAINTED ANDREADY FOR INSTALLATION INTHE SPRING.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)BASKET BALL GAMESUNDER NEW MANAGEMENT. Mr. Harrison Scott, former manager of the Lexington Opera House,has closed a lease on the GeorgetownOpera House, and has assumed themanagershiip of the house. Mr.Scott has leased the building forone year, with the privilege of buying same any time he so desires.Retiring manager Barkley has notmade definite plans.Take Tanlac and eat three squaremeals a day. People's Pharmacy.; One of the most fascinating indoorgameB of the day is the ever-popularbasket ball. Interest in this gameis on the increase, and- each gameplayed on the local floors finds itscrowd of devotees ready to cheer ontheir favorites to victory. The ParisHigh School has a schedule of gamesto be played at home and abrdadduring the winter, all of which willfind a healthy line-up -in the teams.To-night at the Y. M. C. A. gym-ansium the local Knights of Columbus team will meet the strong OldHome team from Bardstown, 4n astruggle which promises to be abattle royal. The locals have beenkeeping in good condition, and whentheir opponents go up against themto-night they will find a surpriseawaiting them.The boys and girls "basket ballteams of the Paris High School willplay a double header at Lexingtonto-night with the teams of the Lexington High School. Paris has someof the best players in the HighSchool League and the team is confident of bringing home their opponents' scalps, figuratively speaking.Extra hours of strenuous trainingand preparations have been put inby the locals at the P. H. S. and atthe Y gymnasium, and when play iscalled they will show what can beacomplished by a well-trained team.They will be accompanied to theFayette capital by a large crowd of"rooters."The boys and girls teams of theParis High School will play teamsfrom the Nicholasville High School,at the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium, tomorrow (Saturday) night Theteams will line up as follows: Parisboys Rene Clark, Robt. Meglone,George Rose, Keller Larkin, AlbertWrig ht; Paris girls Mamie LeeBaldwin, Katherine Wallingford,Ruby Hall, Edna Rose, ElizabethRule; Nicholasville boys OthoAshby, Joe Betts, Jas. Pierson, Morton Davis, Shannon Rice; Nicholasville girle Margaret Kinea, Francesvon Grunigen, -Martha Miller, Dorothy Smith, Anna Welsh Hughes.NOTICE OF IMPORTANT MEETINGThere is to be a meeting of thoseinterested In the stripping of "bluegrass seed, held in the CountyCourt room, Saturday afternoon,January T. The purpose of thismeeting is to discuss the co-operativeplan of marketing the blue grassseed. A delegate ",wiir be appointedat this meeting to attend the convention in Winchester on January10th. .The United States is richer in helium than any other country. ,BIRTHSNear Shawhan, this county, tothe wife of Jeaeph Smith, a son.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Dick, for-merly of North Mlddletown, are theproud parents of a handsome daughter, born at their home in Hopkiaa- :vllle. The little lady has- been naned Jane Crouch Dick.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Gibbens are. -.ceiving and acknowledging congrat-ulations upon the advent of a. eon, ?.born at their-home- In thia city .Tuesday. The new arrival has been,named Charles Stevens Gibbensa-Almost any sort of a traffic law fsall right, if it is just enforced."THE PRIDE OF PARIS"SUIT SALEAll Fur Trimmed SuitsAtHALF OFF -.DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYMMiaTiMMrararaiMaaasmmmSTATEMENTt-- '.&'Showing the condition of the PEOPLES BUILDING C&XOAN ASSOCIATION, IncorporatedAt the Close of Business, Decembeir"31st, 1921. " Organized, in 1914. "'.".-inimmMiiiiiiwiiimnmRECEIPTS FOR 12 MONTHS ir -Dues $ 62,193.01Loans on real estate mortgage Lj.1 12,350.00Loans on pass books 3,485.00Interest i 7,514.33fines i 355-45Initiation fees 1,643.00Transfer fees 21J 33.50Borrowed money 1 L..u 25,900.00-V -'y&foyifDISBURSEMENT5-F0R 12 MONTHSCash Overdrawn Dec. 31, 1920 -- $ 396.47Loaned on real estate mortgage 48,650.00Loaned on pass books 6,832.00Withdrawals on dues 34,635.92.Dividends credited to dues- '. 6,392.86Expense J 630.44Salaries L 720.00Taxes of Association . 58-14Borrowed Money repaid 14,900.00-Interest paid on borrowed money 195.16Cash on hand Dec. 31st, 1921 - 63.30$113,474.29Profit and Loss Account, December 311921$113,474.29Undivided profits Dec. 31st $ 3,350.72Interest 1 7,514.33fines .: . . v 355.45Initiation fees 1,643.00Transfer fees " 33.50r - S.- t. ,&-$'12,897,00' ' ASSETSCash on hand Dec. 31, 1921 $ 63.30Mortgage Loans 128,178.85Pass book Loans JSttJ 631.00veS: -?-! T V '-jfeALV - l3m.lDTotal Number shares in force:Non borrowing members 2773Borrowing members 1656Total .- '4429"Dividends 7 per cent . ..$ 6,392.86Interest paid on borrowed money . 195.16Expense 1 ;. 630-44Salaries ' 720.00Taxes of Association 1 58.14Undivided profits , " 4,700.40Surplus . . j 200.00$ 12,897.00LIABILITIES -DuesJ L ; $118,622.75Undivided profits - " 4,700.40Surplus 200.00Bills Payable 1 -J 11,00000-'". $134,523.15Total number of members: , ' ." " ' " "Non borrowing 1 1 " 1 -i: -- 1 1-276Borrowing - , . z. :.: .150wU.' Total . i i iji L :J426V , . .If yo are ot already a metnbar of tkis kustliajr rfaaizatlon come to see. us at omca amd iat your avian where tkey aot oaly eara a hiffh rate ofiafterait K tW l uit- t.n.,We set ealy kelp yo aave bt we are helpiaf you to solve the "Housing probleas," which U still a Uf. problem, witk the 'Httle fellow.' ---.--- wmuowgtitles eaMeaey lavested ia Bmileia Jc Loaa Stock is FREE FROM TAXATION. What your saviags ears U act. - - ., -All Keatacky BuiMiag Associatioas are wader the supenrisioa of the State Basking Coam!so. All Officers who handle funds are. bonded. All Officers who annraiM rl t - .M1.which the Association's fuads are loaned are bonded. v Moaey invested'in building Association stock is absolutely safe. ' H ?-Oar business is to kelp. WE CAN KELP YOU! t ! Will you let us? We always kave a m" series open.., We never require the pay neat, ef back dueV.9 " "Office: PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK sic TRUST CO. OFFICE HOURS: Week days, 9 A. M. to 3 P. M., Saturdays, A, M. to 3 P. M. and 7 P. M. to 9 P. MIV 'A-lf.OFFICERSG. W. WILDER, PresidentF. P. CAMPBELL, Vice PresidentF. W. GALLOWAY, Secretary 'GEO. L. DOYLE TreasurerD. D. CLINE, AttemeyuG. WILDERF:1 P. KISER ;ft f, -DIRECTORS ' sr FPCAIMUPBELL .GEO. R.. DAVIS :3. J. SANTEN , 1. PEALE COLLIER rbL. : ffE. H. GOREY ; . tt:-D. CLINE " ,2. ci".w'-iJWuill"'X ';.- z' -.r- -i.?r :'Tf .fcCA? orfi t'xJ-", '-. Y'S'li -."!. J-1.,-1' . i . .." ff f .iV - f 1 - . ltj- f - - . riZ -J v P- '.??:?,-- v , . . 4 r ,ii.i,i! t"-o. 1 --'-' -.v t - -. : j ,i.'i' 4 v:- v,r ' i T?.?? y.-g;: Jfrl$a.'ttxZ-'v?&izji: .- ivi; itt v4j"15! 1-.r-Z.&82tQ.ws-T- -ia?"? "?-"r.J?:jif' , .jk. S -Cf -FRIDAY; ' JANUARY' VlM.r .7"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYSSSgg"gPPMMWMWAtt 191PERSONALSREAL ESTATE DEALSVJewelersNever Too:-: Paris, Ky .Buty to PldseATTEND THE FURNITURE SALEDon't forget the furniture sale tobo held in the building formerly occupied by the People's Pharmacy, onMain street, between Sixth and Seventh, to-morrow, (Saturday) at 1p. m., snarp. - ij..wo .Cominjs .audi Goinff -af Some' YonKnow and Others YonDon'tEllis is a guest ofNothcott, in Cyn-DTUNQUENT TAX HSTMiss MaryMiss Doris Leethiana.Miss Idalina Castro, of Portugal,visited Mrs. Sophia Kisser during thenoiiaays.. . Mlfi3 Emma Lou Scott is con...find to her apartment on PiaTonstreet by illness. -Deputy Sheriff Gibson has com- j Miss Irene Alexander has reputed the delinquent taxpayers list, turned from a visit to the familywhich will . be published - in next of- Charles Tully, in Plemingsburg.Tuesday's issue of THE NEWS. The MIbs Lorena Boothhas returnedlist gives a complete and compre- ?rer nome in Carlisle after a visithensive summary of unpaid taxes of tyr and Mrs' Baker Smith thiswmie ana coiorea property-owners,as well as non-resident owners.SHERIFF SELLS SEIZED CAEMiss Nell Whaley left Mondavfor Chattanooga, after spending theChristmas holidays with relatives inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. J. Quincy Wardorn Trtottf nn (. J- i aA touring car, said to have been ?' -6 "uu relatives at. - L, , tne former home of Mrs. Ward inthe property of Floyd & Claxton, tj b' wara' mowners of a garage in Covington, j Mrs; c w Young and son,which was confiscated at the time Preston, have returned to Owings-John (Jam, or .raris, ana unanes vine alter a visit to Paris friendsTumey, of Covington, were arrested and relatives.here on a charge of transporting Miss Mary Ellett has returnedliquor from Covington, was sold at t0, ner nome North Middletown,public sale by Sheriff W O. McCl.n- g Z2?tofik, under an order of sale from f Mlg3 Frances h&gthe Bourbon Circuit Court. The turned to her home in Lexingt0n(car was purchased by the White after a visit of several dava tn miThe Paris Realty Company soldTuesday for Sherley Hogan his cottage on Winchester street, to R. H.Mattox, for $2,500. Possession willbe given March 1, when Mr. Mattoxana family will move to the property. The John Wilson farm" of fortyone acres located near Shawhan, thiscounty, was sold at public sale Monday by Auctioneer Charles Barnes,to" J. R. Dotson, for $170.60 anacre. .The sale was made for the'Master Commissioner of Harrisoncounty.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDFront Garage, for $150.Ttpt.D PENDING INVESTIGATIONIn the County Court Tuesday, Bergin Winslow, alias Virgil Bentley,alias Virgil Bergin, was arraignedbefore Judge George Batterton on acharge of uttering a forged document, namely, a check, which he hadcashed at the clothing store of H. M.Collins & Co., in payment for a billof goods. After hearing the testimony, Judge Batterton ordered theprisoner sent back to jail until aninvestigation could be made of r hiscareer in Estill county, where Winslow claimed -he formerly resided.HANDSOME FURNITURE .TOSOLD TO-MORROW.BEThere will be a lot of handsomefurniture sold Saturday afternoon,January 7, at 2 o'clock, sharp, inthe building formerly occupied bythe Peoples' Pharmacy. (It)-' oRUTH. STONEHOUSE, NOTEDNOTED SCREEN ARTIST,HERE TO-DAYRuth Stonehouse, noted- film artist, well and favorably known tohundreds in this city, will be hereto-day, in person, at Alamo in theafternoon, and at the Grand OperaHouse at night. Miss Stonehousewill give a short talk on the. life ofa movie actress and how some pictures are made, and some of her varied experiences before the movingpicture camera. Miss Stonehouse hasbeen seen in the movies in Paris ina number of serials and .in featurepictures, and it will be a treat totheatre-goers to see her in personand hear her talk.WAREHOUSE MANAGERS SELECTEDEdward Burke and Charles C.Clarke, of Bourbon county, were recommended as managers for the Bourbon and Independent tobacco warehouses in this city, at a meeting ofdelegates of the Bourbon 'countybranch of the Burley Tobacco Cooperative Marketing Association,called by District Manager SamuelClay, Tuesday afternoon. Messrs.Burke and Clarke served at managers of these houses during the pasttwo years under the old regime.They are men of wide experience inthe tobacco business and will-bringto the business executive ability andknowledge gained through;, years ofhard work.DELINQUENTS, NOTICEMary Dean, In this city.Mrs. Perry Shy and children,Edith and Frank, have returned totneir nome in Winchester, after avisit to relativs in this city.Mr. and Mrs. James Connelleyand Mrs. George Ray, of Paris, spentthe holidays as guests of Mr. andMrs. James Clancy, in Carlisle.Mr. Warner Sayre returnedTuesday to his home in Cincinnati,after a visit of several days at thehome of Mr. Charlton Clay, nearParis.Mrs. Sophia Ewalt Kiser has returned to Danville to the K. C. Wafter a holiday visit to her mother,Mrs. John H. Ewalt, in Paris.Paris.Misses Elizabeth and Mary Vileyhave returned to their school duties at Georgetown, after spendingth! holidays with their parents, Mr.and Mrs. James Viley, near Paris.Miss Lucile Catlett has returned to her home in Owingsville afterspending the holidays with friendsana relatives in this city andcounty.Mr. and Mrs. Jaynee Savage anddaughter, of Paris, were dinnerguests In Cynthiana, at a family reunion given by Mr. and Mrs. JohnA. Stewart.Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Hopkins andMr. and Mrs. Allen Hopkins and children, of near Carlisle, were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs. Finley Burris, near Paris.Miss Elizabeth Clark, of Paris,was one of the guests at a partygiven in Louisville by Mrs. C. A.Koopj in honor of Miss DorothyGrubbs, of Lexington.Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris schools, anddaughter, Mary Morton, have returned from a visit to relatives inFort Smith,-Arkansas. .Miss Rebecca Purnell has returned to her studies at MargaretCollege, in Versailles, after spendingthe holidays in this city with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell. Misses Nell Winn Hinton,Christine Thomas, Elizabeth Henryand Nell Clay have returned to theirstudies at Science Hill School, inShelbyvllle, after spending the holiday season here with their parents.Mrs. Hoffman Wood has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling after having been the guest for severaldays of H. C. Whaley and family.Mr. and Mrs. Wood entertained lastweek with a Christmas dining andfamily reunion.Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Alexander and Miss Nellie King, who havebeen guests of Dr. and Mrs. A. J. A.Alexander, at Woodburn, in Woodford county, and of Mr. CharltonClay, at "Marchmont," near Paris,have returned to their homes inNew York.To-day, Friday, January 6 Norma Talmadge, In "The Branded Woman;" Harrison and Dickson comedy."The Custard Nine;' Pathe" News.Added attraction To-day onlyRuth Stonehouse (Herself). Seethis dainty little film star in personand hear her story of life in themovies.To-morrow, Saturday, January 7Doris May and Courtney Foote, in"The Bronze Bell."A History Making Sale!Folks who have been holding off buying, waiting forlower prices, are waiting no longer.Hundreds have taken advantage of our remarkablereductions on Men's and Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Etc.PEOPLES PHARMACY SOLDDr. R. J. Shea, proprietor- of thePeoples' Phamacy, has sold his entire stock and fixture to RocheBros., and they have moved same totheir building, 718 Main street,where they have opened a strictlyup-to-date drug store, under thename of Roche's Drug Store. Thenew firm also took over the completeprescription files of the Peoplesjrimiuxiivy, auu can now renii anyprescriptions on file.Dr. Chas. L. Davis, of Louisville,is in charge of the prescription department and will conduct same in amanner to please doctors and customers. Dr. Davis has made manyfriends since coming to Paris and ismuch pleased with his new home andbusiness.Men's $40.00, $45.00 and $50.00 Suitsand Overcoats$29.75Men's Shirts or Drawers59cMen's$35.00 and $37.50 Suits and- Overcoats$24.75Men's $30.00 and $32.50OvercoatsSuits and$21.75$6.50 and $7.00 Velour Hats" $4.75One Lot of Corduroy Pants$2.75Men's $25.00 and $27.50Overcoats$17.75Suits andMen's $22.50 Suits and Overcoats$15.75WOES OP TEE GAS MANWith the return of the "boysAll unpaid taxes due Bourbon land girls" to their schools Paris so-County will be advertised at ciety will experience a lull, and republic sale in THE BOURBON lapse into its former state of "wait-NEWS on Jnnuary 10th. - in-" Dnces and othr entertin-WvH MrTXiMTrrir. cr -a n r ments helped to while away the,,. M. .-v.,v.l, J. XJ j. v. , . .. .PRESENTED WTEH.HPEhours of their holiday freedom frombooks and school discipline, and mostof the students left the old homewith a great deal of reluctance.(Other. Personals on Page 8)NEW YEAE USHERS IN COiDWEATHER.Deputy Sheriff James Gibson,one of the most popular cowf houseofficials, had just invested in a cigarat the Owsley Cafe, Wednesdaynight, when he was called to thefront of the "place". There he was 'The new year of 1922 was ushergreeted by R. S. Porter, Paris rep- ed in with cold, weather, Mondayresentative of Lexington Leader, who being probably the coldest day of theon behalf of "the inner circle," at present .winter.. : The mercury drop-tie cafe, presented Mr. Gibson with ped rapidly until early Monday ja handsome pipe, enclosed in a morning it registered only ten aboveatjy boxed and wrapped package, zero. Since then all the changes inMr, Porter's speech was short, but the weather .man's, grip have beento the point, and Mr Gibson though rung in on us, includiBffalr,""oTercome," managed to utter a vote stormy, rainy, .and hints of snowof "thanks. The pipe was purchase thrown ia. Probably "the oldest inthrough a fund xaised from the habitaat" camnot reca'Jl a,Nvembfrmembers' of the "co-eater" at the or- December without eBmgfcNftowJust suppose that when you wantgas the gas man said: "Sorry, butwe're entirely out of it to-day. Weexpect to have some next week." ,Gas is on tap for your use anvtime, day or night. At the mere turnof a valvle, It is ready when yowwant it, where you want it, becausethe gas ma maintains "'uninterrupted service. Consider what thismeans to him.. When coal companies advancetheir prices, can the gas man say:"Your coal is too high. We won'tbuy It until it comes down?" Whenthe oil man raises his price becausehe can get so much more for his oilby refining it for the .automobile,can the gas man tell him that he'llstop making gas until prices comedown?And how about labor, the intereston money, and other essential factors? Can the gas man wait untilthey cost less? These things hemust have. To get them, he mustpay the price. That's why he isforced to ask more for his gas. Tohim it is a matter of being able tocontinue in business. To him theaverage consumer, it means a slightadditional cost per month.Men's $20.00 Suits and Overcoats$13.75Men's and Boys' Shoes greatly reduced,and lower than they will be for Spring.One Lot of Men's Caps95cValues to $3.00.60 DozenPairs Men'sSocksGood Qwsfity10c pairBoys' Mackinaws$5.95Values to $12 50.Boys' Suits at About One-Half Price.Be Thrifty and SAVE NOW!LEWIS WOLLSTEIJVTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBetter Values in Men's and Boys' WearHEW HOUSE FOB SALEHEW 7-B00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH; GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONN0BTH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UBB0N LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)LOSTFemale Shepherd dog, near fork ofFlat Rock and North Middletownpike. Suitable reward. License NoT177.WOODFORD BUCKNBR.-6-2t-pd) Phone 541.WANTEDExperienced Engineer.(It) : PARIS WATER CO.ALarge Saving!iWe Are Offering Many - :Odd Pieces of FurnitureAt Greatly ReducedPrices For Cash- j-DWANTEDsSmall house in west part of town.' M. E GUTTMAN,(C-lt) At Leader Store.DYEING & CLEANINGTwo-piece Suit, Cleaned andPressed .. $1-00Three-piece Suit, Cleaned andPressed . .- .zWomen's work a specialty.Dyeing - Men's and Women'sClothes feature. . - ' T- Work called for and delivered." , - : m LOGAN AYERS,Tailor -Shop hrer JoKn Ayers' Bar-ber Skop, 04 Main Street.TTima' PkftBA 441.Come in during the next fewand we will save you muchmoney.-: --.it---?VV-THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHOHE UMotorPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAMInvalid Coach Undertaking. ii"-rS"Km"increcfrjsikyjsa1 'ssbbbWbVssVbbVbI1-:4 K -V' i1 " i JZi-7-' Ss.'iji.-1 . FAi&EIXtrtdaV, jA'NuRr g; 1922.THE BOURBON -INEWS,-PARIS, KENTUCKY4?HADmPAINFUL TIMESMothers Read This Letterv And Statement WhichFollowsPortland. Indiana.- "I was troubled1 with irregularity and constipation andwouia oiten nave tohe down because ofpains. One Sundaymy aunt was visitingmi and she said hergirls' took Lydia E.Srinkham's Vegetable Comnonnd andgot well, so mothersaid she guessed shewould let me trvit Itis doing me good and1 -praise- iu nigniy.You are welcome toat this letter as a testimonial."Sn&LA Newton, R. R. S, Portland,Indiana.Mothers You should, carefully guardymst daughter's .health. Advise her ofthe danger which comes from standingaroood with cold or wet feet, fromlif tingBeaty articles, or overworking. Do notht her overstudy.If she complains of headache, pains inback or lower limbs, or if you notice afllownesf of thought, nervousness or irritability on the part of your daughter,grre her caretul attention.Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-S ad is an excellent medicine for yourghter to take, as it is especiallyadopted torelieve just such symptoms.Kccnemberit contains nothing that caninjur; and can be taken in safety.$36,437 PAID TO KENTUCKY!CATTLE OWNEBSThe State and Federal governments paid out a total of $36,637to-Kentucky cattle owners as indemnity for animals condemned becausethey had bovine tuberculosis duringthe year ending June 30, 1921, according to Dr. W. F. Simmons, Statereterinarlan. A total of 451 headof eattle out of 21,705 examinedwerej found to have the disease, he. said.During the fiscal year ending June30, 1920, three hundred and five' head that reacted to the tests madeby veterinarians and were condemned,put of a tot alof 11 580 tested.Indemnities paid during this periodtotalled $38,250.31. The differencebetween the sums expended in 1920and in 1921 was laid by the Stateveterinarian to the lowered price inlivestock.Between July 1 and December 1,1921, a total of 15,529 cattle wereexamined by accredited veterinariansand 319 reacted to the tests. No figures as to the amount of indemnityiave been compiled for this perioddue to the fact that all have not yetbeen closed. During December, however checks totaling $4,931 weremilled to jorty-one cattie owners. It. - . i . ' .wno naa lost .one or more animals., . v.. vr,.M ,f- ,due to the testing of their herds.-The State and Federal officials arekeeping a close watch on all cattlecoming into the State at present, Dr.Simmons said. No indemnity is paidon cattle which show a raction tothe tests wthin six months afterthey are brought into the State.o-New York Clothina Center.,New York city turns out one-half of iall the men's and boys' furnishing jgooas manuiactured in the UnitedStates.Dr.Wadkll'sPile RemedyIWt Softer Don't be Operatedaa vmm kn triad Dr. Waddell'tfjalT rfj AfeohrtalykanriMs. GoarttBte tm 4v ahaolata aatufactioa orMimmlM. 1.5UpTM m. yourIf Mat write vs.cineSmtfeGroVeKyJINTERURBAN TIMETABLEffaPariB to LexingtonxWington To Parisj45 a. xn. 5:50 a. m.,S:15 a. m. 7:20 a m.7$:45 a. xn. 8:50 p. m.il;16 a, m. 10:20 a. m.12:45 p. m. - 11:50 a. m.I : 15 n. m. 1:20 n. m.?4;45 p. m.-if:15 p. m.:10 p. m.fli p. in.06 p. xn.S p. m.3:50jHi:20- 6:007:209:1011:00m.m.m.m.m.m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.. . . . .mtatlon z trip monthly Doofc,0. Ticket, vUiU trip, or in12.00.ititita, data unlimited,' sold beta all paimta at reduced rate.TUJOTWMTH-MDTAL 00,44te-tf)aRPIWlh - i(n? vj nilaVr " ? llllHISTORIC CANEK CHURCHFamous Old Meeting House SteepedIn Tradition Must Be PreservedFor Future.AN INTERESTING HISTORYIn connection with the movementnow on foot by interested parties toraise a fund for the restoration andimprovement of the old Cane Ridgechurch and adjoining grounds, thefollowing interesting article by A.H. Robbins, of Mt. Sterling, published in a Lexington daily, will betimely:On June 28, 1920, the one hundred and sixteenth birtliday of theChristian Church in America, thewriter, in company with severalothers, visited the late Capt. JamesR. Rogers at his home on CaneRidge. The genial Captain gave us'the glad hand and after showing usthe many priceless relics and heirlooms over which he has kept suchconstant guard and watch, he wentwith us over to "Old Cane RidgeMeeting House." And here, seatedupon a moss-grown tomb, amid thevine-tangled trees and within theshadow of the Stone monument, the"mystic cords of memory" seemed toreach his very soul and he discoursed long and eloauentlv concerningthe historic old church.As he turned to leave the sacredprecincts of the old meeting house,he stopped at the spot where BartonW. Stone had his stand during thegreat camp meeting in August, 1801.After iolding on to the fence forsome time his eyes filled with tearsand his voice trembled as he said:"I very much fear I shall see thisplace no more forever." And perhaps It was his last visit to "Canemage Meeting House, for beforethe venr wnR fcn nir i -the year was gone, he. like his great rcommander, Stone walPJackson, had"crossed over the river to rest underthe shade."In 1910 Captain Rogers publisheda history of "The Cane Ridge Meeting House," and from this book, together, with the "Biography of Barton Warren Stone," published by Elder John Rogers, of Carlisle, Ky., in1847, the facts in this article aretaken.Cane Ridge Meeting House wasbuilt by Robert W. Flnley, and hisPresbyterian followers from NorthCarolina in 1791. In 1796 a youngPresbyterian minister by the nameof Barton W. Stone came to CaneRidge and was engaged -to becomethe pastor at this place and at Concord. "On Friday before the thirdLord's Day in August, 1801," thegreat Cane Ridge camp meeting be03t 'le 7ellef mMgan, -rnis was the ereatest andr- "' w v '"'1837. If. wnnlever gathered together on the Anier-i .., ,. .ican continent. It is estimated thatover 30,000 persons encamped herefor over a week. Presbyterians,Methodists and Baptists all wereengaged in the great excitement. Itwas here that those strange manifestations of religious frenzy, known asthe aerks, the barking exercise, thedancing exercise and the singing exercise, reached their full' flower andfruit.The Log Cabin Seminary, foundedby Finley, was erected the sameyear (1791) the meeting house wasbuilt."Finley opened a school herewhere were taught, the languagesand the higher branches of an English education, and was the first ofits class in the State."Many students came from a distance, and, brief as was its existence, only about five years, yet therewas educated here a number of menof the learned professions who afterwards attained prominence and distinction in their several professions."The seminary is entitled to thedistinction of having two -of hergraduates, Robt. Trimble and Benjamin Mills, honoring seats on thebench of the court of highest resort,the Kentucky Court of Appeals; andJudge Trimble was further honoredby becoming associated with JudgesJohn Marshall and Storey, of the Supreme Court of the United States.Tne Dulldmg was destroyed bylightning, but fragments of its foundation are yet to be seen. Its occupancy as a school was only in thedays of v its architect, and its livingmonument a few paces off is thespring Finley's Spring."The Log Cabin Seminary is gone.also old Concord, but the old meeting house still stands as if to givean unappreciative generation yet achance to redeem itself by preservingtms relic or pioneer days.Tbe mansion at "Federaf'-mil"was built in 1795, and it is the hopeof every Kentuckian that the songwhich was written there will besung till "time shall be no more andtne morning breaks eternal, brightand fair."Is it not strange that the songsthat were sung at Cane Ridge several years before the mansion at"Federal Him was built and manyyears before "My Old KantnoVvLHome'V was written, do not find aresponsive echo in some few vArat least?In 1797 David Purviance. a ntioRidge farmer, was elected tn .Iowbrancbof tffieiituclcFLeg-uwaiure aionr witn Win a-A--. - - u,Jr., (son of Governor Garrard),James Smith, Charles Smith, RobertWilmot and John Griggs. Bourboncounty at that time had six membersin the lower house of the Legislature. Mr. Purviance was afterwardsone of the signers of the "Last Willand Testament of Springfield Presbytery." It was during this session of theLegislature that Mr. Pruviance, theplain farmer, clad in his homespunjeans and coarse cowhide boots, soeverlastingly walloped the notedJohn Breckinridge, member fromFayette county, in a debate on a billto revive the "Court of Oyez aridTerminer." Capt. Rogers' accountof this affair is certainly very interesting. In 1800 Mr. Breckinridge ,waselected to a seat in the Senate of theUnited States, and in 1802 he wasappointed Attorney General by President , Jeff erson. He continued to fillthis important place in Jefferson'scabinet till the year of his death,1806.In 1803 Barton Stone, Richard TvicNemar, John Thompson, John Dun-lavy and Robert Marshall were accused of heresy and were notified toappear before the synod which metin Lexington.These men, anticipating the unfavorable action of the synod, withdrew and "constituted themselvesinto a Presbytery, which they calledthe Springfield Presbytery." Underthis name they continued to workfor about a year, when they concluded to form a new organization. Sowhile it is doubtless true that "theywere called Christians first at Antioch," it is also true that the"Christian Church" as we know it.as a modern organization, was bornin "Old Cane Ridge Meeting House.June 28, 1804, when Robert Mc-Nemar, Barton W. Stone, Jno. Thomson and David Purviance signed andpublished the "Last Will and Testament of the Springfield Presbytery."Propitious star, whose sacredpowerPresided o'er her natal hour."This was more than five years before Alexander Campbell landed inJfnnaaeipnia from Scotland in Oc-tfc0- ioaq a .u u i. n-,,tober 1809. As to the old building,Captain Rogers says: "The originalstructure still stands. Its ancientridgepole remains where it wasplaced in 1791. The graveyard, withits sainted dead of hallowed memory, is yet intact and that memorable era in her history inflexiblywritten June 28, 1804j Here is thebirthplace of a faith."If the things which were done andsaid at "Old Cane Ridge" had transpired in the Highlands of Scotland,people from Bourbon county wouldmake long journeys across the seasto see It and would bring back someleaf or twig as a highly prized memento. Perhaps there is not another relic like "Cane Ridge Meeting House" in all America. Therecords of the membership bear thenames of those "who in after lifebecame men of distinction." RobertMilllgan began his career as a country school teacher at Little Rock in1837, It would be an insult to thC,Q f". ", ,nistoncal learnmg of any "Christian" minister to tell him what Miliigan became in after years.Jesse Peyton began his career as aclerk in a store at Little Rock. Heafterwards emigrated to Philadelphia, taking with him letters of recommendation from Henry Clay. Peyton made a fortune in Philadelphiaand when Mr;. Clay became financially involved by indorsing afriend's paper. Mr. Peyton came tohis rescue and "Ashland was saved."The last but not the least of thistrio of illustrious sons was Joel T.Hart, the great sculptor. Hart alsowas a resident of Little Rock.HOW'S THIS?HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE willdo what we claim for it rid your systemof Catarrh or Deafness caused by catarrh. We do not recommend it for anyother diseaseHALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE Is aliquid, taken internally, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe system, thus reducing: the inflammation and assisting; Nature in restoringnormal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.OWife "on Approval."The story of a man who "returned"his wife to her mother after six weeksmarriage comes from a London (Eng-.land) magistrate. The couple, said themother, seemed quite happy, but onSunday the husband Uok'his wife backto her home and said her mother couldhave her back again. "She is not satisfactory," he said, "so I am returningher to the person from whom I obtained her." "But you can't do that,"said the mother. "Oh, yes, I can, thehusband replied. "We married at aregistry office, and I understood that Iwas taking her on approbation for sixweeks."o - -NEVER FORGETWhen you feel hopeless and despairof , ever getting back your health, thereia "one medicine that you should trybefore giving up altogether BulgarianBlood Tea assists nature to flush thepoison-soaked kidney, atir the lazyliver, gently move the bowels and purify the system. And when you takeit steaming hot at bedtime it breaksup a bad cold and guards against influenza, pneumonia or .other sickness.Why not ask your" drug gilt or' grocerfor a trial box today.Hard te Getftirough That.The whale has the thickest hide fany creature In the .animal o renritkworld "Mlaomerplacesheakinof 'elarger specimens is two feet thick.i 1 1 Ir .Earliest American Book.The first book printed in the Newworld was probably a translation' fromLatin into Spanish of "The SpiritualLadder" in 1535. Juan de Zumarra, aFranciscan monk, first bishop of Mexico, printed it. The first book printedin America that contained cuts to illustrate the text was "The DoctrlnaChristiana," printed' In Mexico City byJuan Pa' I os in 1544. Detroit News.or you money backPositively Contains mo AspirinFar Salt at all Drag SuaSOTaSbtt- 29a(till-25mar)dr. w. j. KirrVETERINARIAN-Office InBOURBON GARAGE. PARIS. KY.(nov-19-tf) Both Phonee 347.CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOP4r-WHITE BASBEES 4Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSMMIIHIWMilHMIIS. P. M0HNEY IChiropractorFIFTH YEAR IN PARIS 1MISSHOLLADAYIs showinga beautiful Nline ofImported Pottery, Glass,Borghese, Brass andAttractiveBasketsandBoxesFor Miss Holladay'sHome-made CandiesLAESkIBUICKmUmtfSottficWhat Better' What else will .bring lomraehfamily? What 'other gift will do111 I BBBrc K ly If "i '' JBar&BaawWillliilaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaBaaaaaaaaaBr a aaaenraft.wiiHt eise onngi aismin, iricnas-wimm a pic&iaat-iumrt-riQC, . ASK iTHtf TAMELY WT-THEYfTHINKConrcnient "Termi Can Be Arrangedft xf Its) ifrt CJ -S3kAspirmWARNINGS Say "Bayer" when you buy Aspirin.Unless you see the name "Bayer" on tablets, you are ;not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physiciansover 22 years and proved safe by millions forColds Headache Rheumatism JToothache Neuralgia NeuritisEarache Lumbago Pain, PainAccept only "Bayer" package which contains proper directions.Ilandy "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Also bottles of 24 and 100 Druggists:Aspirin Is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture o Monoaceticacideater ot SallcyllcacidlllllllltMH'HtHltHMKttHHH'MIMttHIIMMWe HandleElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers; AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and. Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETIHIMIIMHIIIIIIMMMMftlHtllMtlMIMIMIMIHGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDayI 1jS7nMHWIIMWHtWWmMWWllMMIIIIBourbon News Adevrtisers.Get ResultsGift Than ahealth and" pleasure, the' whole .yearso-much to "bring the family togetherai "ravaiakrt.arpai BTvHaa'aLpvBwcaaaBLaE Bi blzbl b. bb''vtaHM Bin vwsaB'a, rourtti and PIcaMiU StreetsAll Kinds ofNovelties 1OPP. COURT HOUSENight f,&&3BAhmfSm!3Buick Car?throngH, to-ejery member otyoi-;ftTjoyowi recreation? T4i;jftAi"""W8!J -.5f frLFRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1912.Compensation.The man with the narrow mind feandly possesses a wide mouth. BostonrD script.KZEnA"Money back without questionKttUWfSUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap),feil inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,RiacwortaTeUcrorotheritch-iriZ in diseases. Try thintreatment at our risk.VARDEH 6 SOK,ftuis. Ky.tf&?TFllTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KENTUCKYvPhotographs of Mars.Mop than 100,000 photograph! ofMars have been taken at the Lowellobservatory, Flagstaff, Ariz. Numerouiexposures are made on each plate withthe expectation of getting the moments of best definition of the planetMazatecs Noted for Silk Raising,The Mazatec Indians of Mexicoare noted for their agricultural pursuits and silk raising, weaving gorgeous fabrics of that material. Theyhave many curious belief and tabooIn connection with the tending of thesilkworms."Those Who DanceMust Pay The FiddlerThere's a settlement in pront or loss, fornearly every indulgence.Sometimes the pay day is long deferred, andin that case the settlement may bear compoundinterest.V, Often a payment in ill health is required forthe dance had with tea or coffee during earlieryears. Sometimes the collection comes in sleeplessness, sometimes in headaches, sometimes inhigh blood pressure, or in nervous indigestion1 sometimes in all these penalties.Nerves won't always stand the whipping oftea andVcoffee's drug, caffeine.If you've been dancing to tea or coffee's fiddling, why keep on till payment time comes? Ifyou're beginning to pay, now, why not cancel thecontract?here's an easy and pleasant way to avoidtea and coffee's penalties, as thousands have foundwho have changed to Postum. It is a delightwith any meal rich, comforting and-satisfyingand it never harms. Even the little childrencan have a breakfast cup of Postum, with no fearfor what may happen to sensitive nerves.Instead of paying penalties for your mealtime drink, let it pay benefits to you, by givingnatural healtrl a full chance and begin the newarrangement today. Any grocer will sell you, orany good restaurant will serve you Postum.Postum comes in two forms: Instant Postum (in tins)made instantly in the cap by the addition of boiling water.Postum Cereal (in packages of larger bulk, for those who. prefer to make the drink while the meal is being prepared)made by boiling for 20 minutes.Postum for Health"There's a Reason"FordsoivTRACTOR.in iDox"MorewWDo It BetterOne man with a FORDSONTRACTOR can do more:-?--!- r""2:xT7C7xe:lib Jess1Hiw$$&&expense than two men cando with horses. This meansthat you with a FORDSONTRACTOR can actuallyraise more crops, with lesswork and less expense. Andthis means that your profitswill be greater with fewerhours of work.Besides the FORDSON will takacaro of every power job on thefarm. It is light, alert, flexible incontrol and operation, yet it haspower and endurance to spare.You should see the FORDSONat work to appreciate its wonderful capabilities. We will gladlygive yoa the proofs if you willtk for theca, either by a personalcall, phone or post card.RUGGLESa62S22F. O. B. Detroit.jan szr zill' Jfflrm-Z M Sill I iKQhawflr ffiffliU9WSS I SSL BKKSHIPAGE 3VKCPrevents Pickinn Udof Wireless Messages, Moscow. Discovery of amethod whereby wireless messages may be sent to a definitereceiving station without thedanger of being "picked upbyother stations is claimed in anannouncement by the OfficialPress Bureau.A Ukrainian electrical engineer named Chayko-is responsible for the discovery, and it isstated that, by means of a slm-pie apparatus, Chayko straightens out and groups what aretermed the "locked power lines"of the magnetic field into parallel rays. These rays, he says,can penetrate mountains, thereby avoiding the necessity ofhigh antennae.It is also asserted that thediscovery will enable the location from the surface of metaldeposits in the earth and will beof great service to medical andother sciences.Chayko is continuing his experiments for the scientific technical department of the Ukrainian government.NO HOUSING PROBLEM1 "FARMERStHHERMAN KTJRTZISCH wMilwaukee, Wis."When it comes to eating, working and sleeping I'm like a differentman from what I was a short timeago," said Herman Kurtztisch,406 Norris Place, Milwaukee,with the Northwestern Life Insurance Co., in relating his experiencewith Tanlac."My whole system was about togive way as a result of two years'constant suffering from stomachtrouble and I was so run down andworn out I was hardly able to work.I actually dreaded to eat, as afterevery meal I suffered so terriblyfrom heartburn, and I was so nervous I got little rest day or night."If it hadn't been for Tanlac I'mfirmly convinced I would have had toresign my place. It came to my aidin the nick of time and I am strongfor it. Tanlac was worth at leastfifty times what it cost me." -Tanlac is sold in Paris by the People's Pharmacy. (adv)KENTUCKY OWES $6,407,255This Hindoo native, seen in a railroad station at Burma, India, is notthe least bit concerned with houses.He carries" his on his back. Hishoujsehold furnishings are cai;ried in astraw mat which serves as a roof forhis outdoor dwelling.AMERICANS LOSE LUXURY TAXForget Their Receipts, So French Gov-ernment Does Not RefundSums.Paris, France. Several Frenchuewspapers are protesting againstwhat they term "the misplaced generosity" of the government in refundlug to Americans, when they returnto the United States, the 10 per centluxury tax they have paid on purchases. The newspapers say the government is giving away hundreds ofthousands of francs in this way whichrightfully belong to the country.Americans have read these protestswith not a little surprise. Many whohave tried to get back the total oftheir luxury tax have discovered thedifficulties are many. The first andmost essential demand of the government officials at the port of embarkation is that all receipts of purchasesmust be presented. Luxury tax concerns women almost entirely, andmost of them forget or lose these receipts. Those who know of this demand arecomparatively few, so the luxury tax,so far as most homeward-bound Americans are concerned, usually remainsin France.DOCTORS HAVE HARD TIMESLondon Physicians Blame Home Surgery and Faith Healing for DropIn Business.London. Physicians and surgeonshave fallen upon lean times, and complaints of dwindling practices arewidespread.Fashionable doctors ' say that somany ordinary practitioners have hadwar-time experience with surgery casesthat, in thousands of instances, theynow do their own operating instead ofsending their patients to specialists.Another reason is that formerly well-to-dopeople, who would In other circumstances have consulted a prominent physician, now go to hospitals,where they obtain treatment at muchlower cost. Others say that womennow prefer to be attended by doctorsof their own sex and that psychoanalysis and various forms of faith healingaccount for the falling off In the number of patients.Quick Action Against Robbers.Milwaukee, Wis.- Less than fortyeight hours after their capture, threeyoung holdup men who choked androbbed Mrs. Regima Fains in herapartment on Sixth street one Saturday recently, were each sentenced totwenty years in prison.Outstanding interest-bearing warrants against the State amounted to$6,407,255.34, at the beginning ofthe new year, ( according to an announcement made by State AuditorJohn I. Craig, who said that thetotal indebtedness was approximately $150,000 less than it was at thebeginning of last year. On December 1 the total outstanding indebtedness had grown to $7,155,056.48,but was reduced more than one million dollars during the month, StateTreasurer James A. Wallace havingcalled in State warrants aprroximating $1,000,000 ior payment.Interest-bearing State warrantsaggregating $1,500,000 were calledIn for payment Wednesday by StateTreasurer James A. Wallace. Thewarrants bear date from January,1920, to May 1920. Interest on themceases January 13.THATDULL ACHINGDon't worry and complain about abad back. Get rid of it! For weakkidneys, lame and achy backs, yourneighbors recommerd Doan's Kidney Pills. Ask your neighbor.Read this statement:Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with very goodresults, for while I have never hadany serious kidney trouble I can tellby the help they gave me that theywould be beneficial for kidneytrouble. I had a dull aching acrossthe small of my back and my kidneys acted very irregularly,but Doan's Kidney Pills rid meof these complaints and I have faithenough in them that should I everneed a kidney remedy I certainlywould use Doan's Kidney Pills."Mrs. Mastin gave the above statement November 9, 1916, and on November 13, 1920, she added: "I stillhave the same good opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills as when I endorsed them before and I use themoccasionally when I require a kidneytonic. They never fail to do me goodand I am always telling my friendsof the merits of Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Mastin had. FosterMilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oNatural Resources.Mushrooms are being imported Intothis country from Switzerland. Weare still able to raise all the -toadstoolsthat are needed for home consumption. oTemperament in artists is just thesame thing as temper in commonpeople.INKPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSPrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. W?. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921FLORALAGENTFlowersFor AllOccasionsGotten onShortNotice.Phone MeYour Order.Jo S. VardenAgentiGFOYS PAINTSAND VARNISHESPRICES AT OLD TIME LEVELSBeat Winter To ItPaint This FALLDon't wait till next Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection it-. yields.. Fall is the time to paint forprotective purposes. Surfaces aredrier and better prepared to takepaint. They need protection mostJust before winter attacks them.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.Wt Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth MainSt., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399tm mWhich Daily Paper?A Question That is Quickly and Readily AnsweredThe Courier-JournalLargest Morning Circulationof Any Kentucky NewspaperEnjoys a nation-wide prestige and reputation. It isessentially a newspaper, intent upon giving" news matterfirst consideration.Maintains its own news bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of the Associated Press. -With important legislation coming before Congress andthe Kentucky General Assembly in 1922, the CourierJournal is the laily newspaper you will need.Bylspecial arrangements we are now ablejto" 'offerThe Daily Courier-JournalANDThe Bourbon NewsBOTH ONE YEAR tfjC CABY MAIL FOR ONLY P D D JThis offer applies to renewals as well as new subscriptions, but only to people living in Kentucky, Tennessee or Indiana. New subscribers may, if desired,start at a later date, and renewals will date from expiration ofpresent ones.If you prefer an evening newspaper, you Nmay substitute The Louisville Times for The Courier-Journal.Send or brings your orders to the office of THEBOURBON NEWS.1i:r tt i'. - IS.&Fv4:rK. t,PAGE EIGHTTHE -BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY. JANUARY ,'H32.iIIMILLERSBURG2tresting News Items Rom Bourtea Comity's College TownPruitt, Tom Brown, A. C. Ball, BenThomason, Jas. HutBell, R. S. Letton, J. A. Judy, D. C. Clarke, TomThorn, Dr. H. C. Burroughs, Revs."W. D. Welburn and C. C. Fisher,George Stoker and" George Reynolds.ICrs; Annie Jefferson is visitingrelatives in Paris.Kiss Jessie Kerr, of Maysville, 1fe Tlsiting her sister, Miss HazelKerr.Mrs. G. M. Jones and baby, ofLexington, are visiting Mrs. MarthaJomef.Mr. H. S. Stout, of Lexington,-riaitid friends and relatives hereTkursday.Miss Sue Bascoin has returnedfrom a visit with relatives in Owinggyille. D. P. Jones and Clarence Wassoa have returned from a trip toliouisville.Mrs. James Ralls has returnedfram a visit with Mrs. J. W. Shank2aad, in Carlisle. "Mr. William Welburn has returned to Winchester, after a visitwith relatives here.Mrs. James Dowden and baby,of Eminence, are visiting her pareats, Mr. and Mrs. J-. V. Ingels.Mr. Monroe Leer was operatedon for appendicitis Wednesday, atSt. Joseph's Hospital, Lexington.-x The newly-elected officers ofAmity Lodge No. 40, were installedat the regr'ar meeting Tuesdaynight.Mis-. Carolyn Mclntyre; Corresponding Secretary Miss "Ruth McClintock; Treasurer -Mrs. MackGrimes.Miss Julia Howe has returnedto her home in Covington, accompanied by her niece, Miss ElizabethMiller.Mr. Proctor Wood has returnedto Centre College, after spendingthe holidays with his mother, Mrs.. B. W. Wood.Mr. Allen Ingels leaves Saturday for Jacksonville, Fla., where heTrill engage in business, in connection with Judge Lassing."-Miss Bernice Bonar has returned to State College, Lexington, afterspending the holidays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Bonar.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Davis andson, Ethan, have returned to their- home in Louisville, after a visit withSer parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. P.Jones.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Munzinz, ofMaysville, Mr. Will Vimont, ofHuntington, W. Va., and Mrs. L.T. Vimont, of Newport, visited theirmother, Mrs. Martha Vimont, this"week.The Twentieth Century Club.held its meeting at the home of Mrs.C B. Smith, Saturday afternoon,and the following officers wereelected: President Mrs. E. M... Thomason; v Vice-Prysident Mrs.James Miller; Recording SecretaryMrs. 0. M. Johnson entertainedthe members of the Ladies' Aid Society of the Christian church at herSome Wednesday afternoon in honor- ef Mrs. America Tarr, who recentlycelebrated her eightieth birthday.Mrs. Tarr became a member of theSociety when it was first organized,and has been one of its most faithfulworkers.The first meeting of the newlyIected Millersburg City Council wasaeld Monday night at the City Hall,when the following officials weresworn into office: Mayor, W. A.Butler; Police Judge, J. H. Stewart;Councilmen Wm. D. Mclntyre, Dr.H. M. Boxley, A. S. Best, E. V. Insrels, D. P. Jones, T. W. Current.Capt. Vinnidge, who recentlyresigned his position at the Millersburg Military Institute, has beensucceeded by Capt. A. S. Johnsiontus, who began his work at the institution on Wednesday morning.The following new students havematriculated: Thompson, from WilHard, Ky.; Roe, from Lexington;Kincaid, from Cm-bin; Denton, fromHillBboro.RELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ' ReligiousCircles For Iresent andFutureAlMMOIANP1f (.OPERA HOUSE M 1,12:00 to 5:307:00 to 10:30HIGHMILLERSBURG COUNTYSCHOOL NOTESAfter observing the Christmasholidays school resumed work Tuesday with a full attendance of pupilsand the enrolling of several newnes. Another week ushers in thatdelightful (?) season of mid-yearexaminations, and pupils and teachers are setting themselves to thetask before them. Urgent calls forlooks at the book dealers' department indicate that the work issioving on and the pupils are manifesting a zest for work somewhatHke that which marks the fall opening. The spirit of conquest is inthe very atmosphere and everythingjoints to a most successful year.Mr. 0. L. Potts is sufferingIrom an attack of rheumatism.Little Miss Frances Dalzell issuffering from an attack of inflammatory rheumatism..T-Chapel exercises WednesdayHorning were conducted by Mr. Molar McVey, who entered upon hisduties of Superintendent of BourbonCounty Schools with the beginningf the New Year. Mr. McVey mada scholarly address to the audienceof pupils, patrons and friends asjsembled, his subject being, "Whatis .Education?" He was introduceday Supt, J. W. Lancaster, who in alew well chosen words welcomed"aim into our midst. The visitorsjresemt were: Mesdames ClaraDabney, "James Burroughs, EmmaIteynplds, M. E. Pruitt, J. D. Calloun, Raymond Taylor, R. C. Bonar,Miss Bertha Alexander, Messrs.JCrnest Darnaby, Molar McVey, W.X. Saunders, 'Ashby f Leer' M. E.The subject of the morning sermon at the Paris Christian church,by W. E. Ellis, pastor, is "Protracted Childhoodv" The subject of theevening sermon is, "Utilized Opportunities." This is the subject forconsideration at the Young Peoples'Society of Christian Endeavor, andit is hoped that every member of theSociety will attend the services andhear this sermon. Everybody Invited. The calendar for the Methodistchurch next Sunday is as follows:The Sunday School will meet at 9:30a. m. At 10:45 a. m. the pastor,Rev. C. H. Greer, will preach on"The Voice In the Wilderness," andat 7:00 p. m. his subject will be,"The Servant of All." The EpworthLeague will have its Mission Studylesson at 6:15. The Official Boardwill meet at 2:30 p. m., with someimportant business to transact.Members urged to attend. Strangersare welcome.A service of unusual interestand importance will be held at theMethodist church at 7:30 p. m.,Saturday, January 7. Dr. W. B.Ricks, of Nashville, Tenn., one of theleading ministers of the Methodistchurch, wiill speak on the MethodiistCentenary, telling of the things already accomplished and of futureplans. All members of the churchare urged to be present. The congregations of Hutchison and Herrington will join in the service, anda most cordial invitation is extendedto the public.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Christian church haveplanned their new program for theyear 1922. The meeting will be inthe form of all-day sewings the second Tuesday of each month, beginning Tuesday, January 10, at 9 a. m.in the church parlor. Following thelunch which will be prepared andserved by a committee will be theregular program of business and devotion, after which a free-will offering will be taken. . It is hoped thatevery member of the society will bepresent at this, the first meeting ofthe new year, as the sewing will befor our local hospital.Pastor Arthur Fox begins twoseries of sermons Sunday, at theBaptist church. At the morninghour he will begin a series on"Christ's Seven Sayings of TheCross," taking one each Lord'smorning 'lis follows:I. The Prayer of Love and Pity""Father, forgive them; for theyknow not what they do."II. Answered Prayer of PentitentSinner "To-day shalt thou be withme in 'Paradise."IH. Christ's Loving Care andProvision For His Mother "Woman,behold thy son. Behold thy mother."IV The Mysterious Cry "MyGod, My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?"V. The Suffering of the Cross "Ithirst."VI. The Consciousness of Reliefand the Calm of Victory" "It isfinished."VII. Resignation In Death "Father, into Thy hands I commend MySpirit."These are soul-stirring themes xnimmortal words. Hear them.At the evening hour he will begin a series of sermons on-some of"God's Questions," as follows:I. God's First Question to Man""Where art thou?"II. God's First Question to Woman "What is this that thou hasdone?"II. God's First Question to theHome "What have they seen in thyhouse?"IV. God's Question on Despondency "What doest thou hearhere Elijah?"V God's Question on Power"What is that in thine hand?"VI. God's Question of Wonder"Why will ye die?"VII. God's UUnanswerable Question "How shall we escape if weneglect?"These are heart searchingHear them.mTODAY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6thNORMA TALMADGE"The Branded WomanCan a girl outlive the shame of her mother's past? Surpassing all previous productions of Norma Talmadge in strikingscenic grandeur. Presenting the screen's premier emotion star in the greatest role of her career. Offering a story that strikesa heart chord of every human emotion. We proudly endorse "The Branded Woman" as the most pretentious Norma Talmadgeproduction ever created and one which does honor to the star.Also Harris and Dickson Comedy, "Custard Nine," and Pathe NewsEXTRA 45SS oAJ:vRACT,0N RUTH ST0NEH0USE (Herself)The World Famous Star of the Silver ScreenSEE THIS DAINTY LITTLE FILM STAR IN PERSON. HEAR HER STORY OF LIFE IN THE MOVIES.TOMORROW(SATURDAY)By Louis Joseph Vance.Doris May and Courtney Foote "The Bronze Bell"A smashing tale of a daredevil Yank who made West meet East in India,ADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cthe subject, "Some Natural Questions Answered." The question lastSunday was "Why Study the Bible?"The second lecture, to be given thisSunday, is "What Is the Bible?"Rev. T. S. Smiley will preach at theHopewell churc at 3 p. m. Sundayafternoon. This is the firBt serviceof the new year at Hopewell andthe people of the community are invited to be present. There will bespecial music.oCOUNTY C0UET NEWSDEATHStions on life.ques-PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHServices at .the Presbyterianchurch at the usual hours. Thesubject of the Sunday morning sermon is "Putting Vitality Into Religion." At the evening hour thepastor will discuss the subject "DoesProhibition Prohibit." The public iscordially invited to attend these services. The Young Men's Bible Classwhich is in a contest with the twoYoung Women's Bllble Classes isahead of them on percentage. Theyoung men of the tmurch have determined that the ladies will have tofurnish the supper, which is thepenalty for losing the contest. General Ireland Davis is leading themen's division and the slogan af theclass is "Get A Man." Mrs. SimmsWilson and Mrs. T. Tadlock havesome deeply laid plans by which thewomen hope to snatch victory fromdefeat, it promises to be keenlyfought and interesting content r,P a cr,ii ,,. . . "' VWJ. w. wmyne will lecturfe af. thyV.. m " VAe 1iuung men's Bible 'class room,, onLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayCRUMP.Howard T. Crump, sixteen-months-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. J.T. Crump, died early Tuesday morning at the family home, on Winniestreet, after a short illness of scarlet fever. Besides his parents, he issurvived by one sister, Edna, andtwo brothers, William and James. "The funeral was held Wednesdayafternoon, at two o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. Arthur Fox,pastor of the Paris Baptist church.In the County Court Omar Biddlequalified as executor of the estate ofJosie M. Biddle, deceased, in the sumof $3,500. Under the terms of thewill no security was required.Mrs. Albert Wachs, who conductsa boarding house on Tenth street,was arrested on a warrant sworn toby John Lawson, an aged white man,,charging her with pointing a pistol.at him and threatening his life. Atthe trial before Judge Batterton thetestimony was conflicting and thewarrant was dismissed.SUNDAY SCHOOL ATTENDANCEGB0WN IN STATEAn ex-king died the other day, butwe have forgotten his name.oMen who are really big guns donot make the most noise in theworld.The modern dressmaker seemsthink all men are from Missouri.to"There are probably from forty tofifty thousand more persons attending Sunday schools in Kentucky thanever before," Rev. George A. Joplin,general secretary of the KentuckySunday School Association said indiscussing the outlook for the year1922. The workers of the State organization have undertaken with thecoming of the new year, he said, toadd 100,000 more to the rolls by"Go-To-Sunday-School Sunday" May7th."During the war," said Mr. Joplin,"in Kentucky, as in most of theStates, there was a decrease in theenrollment of Sunday schools of theState. However, this decrease wassmall as compared with other States."While great effort is being madeto add to the number attending Sunday school, still greater effort is being put forth to improve the teaching in the Sunday schools. In manytowns of the States there are community training classes for the teachers,federations of adult classes and officers associations that met frommonth to month and make plans tea.more efficient service."County conventions will be heldin different counties and schools ofmethod will be held, next summer,which will be attended by thousandsof Sunday school workers of theState.Another way to judge a man isby his selection of phonograph records.Sinn. Fein seems determined tohave the last word, no matter whatthe cost.It is reported that the girls aregoing to begin wearing ears againsoon.MAHORNEYJohn W. Mahorney, aged twenty-seven,died Monday at his homenear Ruddles Mills, following a longillness of tuberculosis. Mr. Mahorney was a son of H. B. and Enzodorah Mahorney. He is survived byhis parents, his widow and four sisters. His only brother was in theU. S. service and was killed in oneof the battles in France.The funeral was held at the Ruddles Mills Christian church, of whichhe was a member, Tuesday moming, with services conducted by Rev.W. T. Mullen. The burial followedin Battle Grove Cemetery, in Cynthia na.KINGRoger King, aged seventy, formerly of Winchester, died Tuesdayat Covington, following an illness ofabout three years. He was widelyknown throughout Central Kentucky. Mr. King is survived by thefollowing sons and daughters: Mrs.Hallie Mansfield, of Richmond; OllieKing, of Hamilton, O.; Mrs. MattieJones, of Lexington; Mrs. Kate Jonesof Covington; Mrs. Jennie Graves, ofLexington; Arthur Roy and SterlingKing, of Bourbon county; the following brothers, Jeff King, of Kansas City, Kan.; John R. King, ofParis; M. S. King, of Winchester,and a sister, Mrs. Mollie Staples, ofClay City.The funeral was held yesterday at12:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in the Winchester Cemetery by Rev. M. P. Lowry.The pall-bearers were: M.S. King, J.R. King, Ollie King, Arthur King,Roy King and Sterling King.tMATRIMONIALA Becord of Dan Cupid's "Doings AsThe Days Go ByThough they engaged passageon Cupid's boat some days ago, Mr.and Mrs. Yung Hays Harrison, ofParis, are making official announcement of their marriage, in announcement cards, worded as below:"Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Soperannounce the marriage of theirdaughterMabeltoMr. Yung Hays Harrison mNineteen hundred and twent&one,Paris Kentucky."3sSPECIAL REDUCTIONSAfter-Season ValueOffering' We have marked down all shortand broken lines for quick clearance.We are headquarters for RUBBER FOOTWEAR for every memberof the family.Buy them at this storer and getmore for your money.yHMMDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignIn AJ' iu!4 12K W -s-W- r -vavT"rnaHKffeis??--' "-r4Xy r3iaFCT:f25;?&&5sss;:?- r.?uzrsi -5, --ytfStt-TVC&&1&&'JUV yrvy:A :--