? & AV JCrttt;fikS VH,SV ?' 4 VF'-.ififtH,ri.:ilI't1 ;'Jf,l i.-..PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY- AND FRIDAY HV THE YEAR.srlttt.VOLUME XLIIPArtlS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY; SEPTEMBER 1$, IS22.fci! '.v;iK-fiwv.rriri H-:rM:'f ...i,,,,,,,., -,y;... rijarrBrx ti-m. r - .-.. -nrH fl H'SHTHrbUUKW II Ilk If W pHrffl ! 1tlBUELEY TOBACCO GEOWEBSELECT DELEGATESTobacco growers of 69 counties Infour States, members of the BurleyTobacco Growers' Co-operative Association, elected delegates Saturday to v district conventions whichwere held yesterday afternoon at 2o'clock and elected in each of 22 districts a director of the association,to serve for the ensuing year.The meetings were held in thatcounty in each of the 22 districts,-which delivered the largest amountof the 1921 crop to the association.The directors elected will take theirseats at the first regular meeting ofthe board following the election,-which will be October 4.The first county to report the election of its delegates was Bourbon,-which elected Director Sam Clay,Ed. Burke, C. C. Clarke, John W.Jones, W. D. Mclntyre, James McClure, W. G. McClintock, Volney H.Ferguson and Sam Hardin as delegates. The election held Saturday wasthe second of the kind, the first having been held last fall following theorganization of the association andthe successful signing up of morethan the required minimum of 75.per cent, of the tobacco in the district to the association's co-operativemarketing plan.As a result of a poU of only 127ballots cast at the Bourbon countycourt house for delegates to the district convention of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association the following men were- chosen: Sam Clay, 121; Ed Burke,107; C. C. Clarke, 99; John W.Jones, 96; W. D. Mclntryre. 90;James McClure, 80; W. G. McClintock, 78; Volney Ferguson, 78; SamHarding, 67.Other ballots cast were as follows; Roger Burris, 43; LutherHice, 54; Robert Meteer, 43; HumePayne, 42; Lee Stevenson, 37; JohnMarston, 36; Alex Miller, 21; M. R.Jacoby, 20; Ike Keller, 7; JamesThompson, 1; Sam Houston, and J.W. Bell, 1.The officers of elcetion were L. A.Soper, M. Peale Collier, H. F. Harris and James Dodge.BUSINESS PROPERTY FOB SALEAs agents, we will sell publicly,at 2:00 p, m., Thursday, Seutember21, the McClintock business property, on Main street, between Seventhand Sixth. Read the ad.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(15-19)"THE PRIDEWEDNESDAY THURSDAYTWO DAYS ONLYA SENSATIONINCOATSAT.$25.00r.irTricotine Duvet duOther FabricsWEDNESDAY ANDBrown Navy Sorrento Malay Kut , .,Blue and Other Shades - ;SIZES'&&mDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYDICK ENGLISH AGAIN IN THETOILSWhen RichardEnglish, of Paris,applied to Postmaster J. WalterPayne, yesterday morning, in thelobby of the Paris postoffice for aC. vO. D. package, and had paid thecharges, amounting to $119, and received the package, he felt a handlaid on his -shpulder, and turningaround, beheld StateNirctlc) AgentL. H. Sheehan, of Louisville, andSheriff M. Peale Collier, of Paris,who" informed him he was under arrest on a charge of violating thenarcotic laws:English was taken into . the private office of Postmaster Payne,where the package was opened, andfound to contain sixteen ounces ofmorphine., enough, according toAgent Sheehan, to last-one hundredand Hfty physicians for at leastthree months through an epidemicrequiring its use. The" "bootleg"value of the narcotic was estimatedat $2,000. Joseph Veal, of Louisville, who was with English at thetime of the arrest, was also heldwith the former as an accomplice.According to a statement made byAgent Sheehan, -English is x allegedto have disposed of more morphineand other narcotics in Central Kentucky during the past few yearsthan all other agencies. He issaid to have fraudulently registeredduring the world war as a veterinary surgeon, receiving a certificate,which Agent Sheehan says, has -longsince been cancelled by the Government. English was arrested in Lexington several weeks ago ou,a similar charge, and was held to the Federal Grand Jury.English and Veal were taken toLexington, where they will beheld until they are given a hearingin the United States Court. AgentSheehan highly compliments SheriffCollier and deputies for the aid given him in making the arrest of English and Veal.COTJBT NEWSIn the County Court, Acting JudgeFrank P. Lowry, heard the case ofCash Crpw,' white, charged withselling moonshine liquor on LaboriDay to Dudley Jones. Crow wasplaced under arrest by Sheriff M.LPeale Collier. He was given a sixty-day jail sentence, and fined $200.Crowe, through his attorney E. M.Dickson, made a motion to have thecase appealed to the Bourbon Circuit Court, and was released on bondfurnished by Alvin Hicks.wtJOF PARIS'SPECIAL - s vVycm.4.: :mt'r:-.-,Laine Velour ancl-THURSDAY" ONLY16 TO 44'rv i.s ,1T-J.oKxk-oroFf0.SUITS,' A. .BASEBALLSATURDAY'S RESULTSParis 4, Mt. Sterling 2. 'Winchester 10, Maysville 6.1 SUNDAY'S RESULTSParis 1, Mt. Sterling 0, (13 innings.) :'Winchester 7, Maysville 4.Cynthiana 9, Lexingtolf 0.THURSDAYS' GAMESMaysville at Paris.Cynthiana at Winchester.Lexington at Mt. Sterling.CLUB STANDINGWonPARIS 19Cynthiana 19Lexington 16Maysville 15Mt. Sterling . . . . 13Winchester . . . . 11Lost Pet.12 .61312 '.61315 .51616 .48417 .43321 .344The Mammoths took the largerend of a 4 to 2 score from the .Winchester team in the game played atWinchester, Thursday. The gamewas one that has been chalked, up inthe annals of baseballdom as "a goodone," and was witnessed by a largecrowd, many rooters from Paris being "among those present." Rum-age, twirling for the Mammoths,!was toucnea up ior twelve nits.Winchester made a strong bidfor the game in the ninth inning.Winger got a two-base hit, whileMaples and Wunker figured in thethree-base hit column. The batteries were: For Paris Rumage and IBngle; for Winchester Baylin andBell. The game went for two hoursand was umpired by Osborne.In a fast and well-played game,Paris defeated Mt. Sterling in thegame at League Park, Saturday afternoon by the score of 4 to 2. Thegame was featured by sensational pitching, fielding and battingby the Paris team. Mueller was onthe mound for the Mammoths, butafter Mt. Sterling scored two runsoff his delivery in the first inning,he was relieved by Cotter, who tookup the battle, and pitched one ofthe best games of the season. Hecame at an opportune time, whenMt. Sterling had two men on bases,one out, and a chance for furtherscoring. But by clever headwork.and snappy, steady pitching, hefpulled the team out of what lookedlike defeat into victory. Sensational fielding by Wunker, and batting by Naples, Cicona and Heilmanfor Paris, featured the game. "Hod"Eller, former big league pitcher, andnew manager for the Mt. Sterlingteam, was banished from the gameand put off the field after he hadthrown a ball at Umpire Osborne,after protesting the latter's decisionon & pitched ball, Eller had previously been warned against usinghis famous "shine ball," which hadbeen banned by the baseball authorities. His- action almost precipitated a personal encounter with Os?Jborne, but the intervention of Parispolice and cool heads in the playingranks prevented it. . Ferrell finishedthe game for Mt. Sterling; pitchinga steady game. The batteries were:For Paris Mueller, Cotter andMacke; for Mt. Sterling EllerFerrell ..and Klopp.Memories' of ,the old Blue GrassLeague days were recalled to theminds of hundreds of fans Sundayafternoon, when, in the presence ofa crowd estimated at'lOO, theMammoths and the Essex teamsfought out a ihirteen-inning game,in which goose eggs figured acrossthe score board until the last halfof the thirteenth. Hope after hopethat a winning run would be putacross the rubber, and decide thegame, was rudely dashed to theearth by superb fielding on bothsides. The game was a pitcher's duelbetween Hod Eller, Mt. Sterling'spick-up from the big league, andBallau, the- Mammoth's' new-foundtreasure. Like the stoic Indian ofthe plains, Ballau was as steady andunmoved by the fans' "rooting" andpitched a game that stamped himas a high-class man on the hurlingmound. Eller had the better sup -port from his team-mates, several ofLilt; lvxituiiiiULiia ttiiyaiciiLiy uav iu&an off day, errors at critical mo-ments counting against them. Bal-lou scored the winning run, whenafter drawing a pass he was ad -vanced to second on a sacrifice, and, scored when Cicona hit a hard pne Lexington races conflicting, the Sat-to right field. The hitting of Ci- urday date being advarfcdw The1 cona and Winger for Paris and Eller j batteries were: For Lexington -forthe Essex featured largely in Walton and Monk; for Cynthianathe game. The tension of the long Padgett "andBarker. The game wasdrawn out game told severely on thefans, Tvho were on the nervous edgenearly all the time, kept in tenset expectancy, and hoping something! would happen. When the winningjrun was put across the scene defieddescription. The summary: Twobase hit Winger. Sacrifice hitsHeileman, Wunker, Ballau, Potts,Weichman. Stolen bases Winger,.Wilbers. Left on bases -Paris 11;,Mt.t Sterling, 9. Bases on balls offi Ballau. 3: off Eller. 1. Struck out4--Eller,f . I JBjrtlau.fcjjl 1. v EarnedUSESITUATIONThe entire New York Centralrailroad system signed - an agreement with its conductors and trainmen covering working conditions,THE STE1 -.1Trainmen, and L. E. Sheppard, pres-wages ana ruies ior one year begin-jcessfully in Paris, Thursday night,ning -September 30. , .lThe. quota of the Paris Presbyteri-The road said it anticipated thatans was placed at $25,000, and thisforthcoming direct negotiations amount was fully subscribed,would result in similar agreements t The work of the campaign was diwith the engineers, firemen and rected by M. Peale Collilr.VCnairswitchmen on all its lines. m man of the Executive Committee,The signing of the agreement was assisted by a corps of workers andannounced after a v conference be- committees, composed of men andtwen A. H. Smith, president of the women of the church. This, togetherNew York Central, W. G. Lee, presi- with the amounts already given bydent of the Brotherhood of Railway the small churches in the rminv.ment or tne 5rotnernoa or Kail- already subscribed,way Conductors. In a statement For the first time since the sepaissued by the New York Central it' ration of the churches into the S. G.said that the direct settlement a. church and the U. S. church, theagreement would provide for the im- two Synods have united to promotemediate withdrawal of all contro- a single educational campaign inversy on matters now pending be- Kentucky, under the direction andfore the United States Labor Board. ' control of the Presbyterian church.Efforts of officials c the federated Offices have been opened at the Presshop crafts to effect a settlement of byterian Theological Seminary inthe shopmen's strike at a conference Louisville, with headquarters forin Louisville with executives of the the joint commission.Louistille and Nashville - Railroad , in giving his farewell words tomet with failure when the L. &N. the people of Paris, Mr. E. E. Pike,officials refused to accept the terms Campaign Manager, wishes to exof the Warfield-Willard-Jewell press a hearty appreciation andagreement. 'thanks for the co-operation shownWible L. Mapother, President of by the church officers and members,the Louisville and Nashville, declar- I the business men, newspapers, anded in' a statement issued after the ' the citizens generally. Said Mr.conference that the road remained 'pike: "Paris and Bourbon countyfirm in its announced stand v against have the reputation of never failingthe terms of the Warfield-Willard- in any task they have undertaken,Jewell agreement and would protect and they have kept the faith in anfully the rights of the "more than other victory. It will be an inspira10,000 workers now employed to fill tion tojthe rest of the work to bethe places left vacant by the strik- undertaken for the larger interest iners." I old Kentucky."Refusal of the Louisville andNashville Railroad Company throughits officials, to treat with the striking shopmen on the basis of theWarfield-W111ard-.Tewell agreementwas followed by a statement from B- T- Birnej, of Lexington, rethe railroad that many of the men,ceived Saturday two 4-year-olds,who walked out July 1 are return-. owned by the estate of the late W.ing G. Swearingen,, which he will getS. E. Roper, general chairman of ready for sale. They are Jackthe federated shopcratts division No. , Dewey, a pacer by Lord Dewey91 in a statement said he did not,2:03 3"4. that has paced in 2:13 1-2innlr unon the road's refusal as final, smce coming to Lexington, and thebut did not intimate what furthersteps were contemplated. The state-ment issued by the shopmen statedthe following:"In the proposition offered by.the committee we agree to terms ofsettlement, yielding wherever possible and standing where there wasno possible avenue open hororablyto those we represent."Our duty to the country we havefully recognized and we have givenmuch for industrial peace. Yet wefind the L. and N. railroad is notas anxious to make peace as themanagers have claimed to the public. Therefore we feel that a responsibility for not reaching a settlement at this time rests on theI shoulders of the management of theU. and In. ranroaa ana we suau continue to conduct a lawful and peaceful strike until such time as therailroad meets our requests, realizing that we have a real strike andthat the men now on strike' will notagreeably accept less than the committee offered to settle for."oNEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP McilGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT ,& CO., INC.(29-tf)runs off Eller, 1.- Time of gamfc2:40. Umpire Osborne.Ballau, who so ably twirled Sunday's game for the Mammoths mayprove a real treasure to the locals.He is a recruit from the SouthernLeague. In ten games with theChattanooga. Tenn..Xeam, he pitch-j ed his team t0 victory in eight. He( also made a good reCord with theyicksburg team in the Cotton States' League and was a free agentat theclose of the season". He is as steadyas a rock j,as ST)iendid control andis in every way worthy of the fan'ssupport, and of good team workfrom the members of the team,1 Ballau will finish the season on theMammoth's pay-roll.Cynthiana defeated Lexington inj the game played on the Lexingtongrounds Friday afternoon, by aj score of 8 to 3. The' game was, played on Friday on account of theumpired by Cooker.1:52.Time of game,Jimmie Vioux, former member ofthe old Blue Grass League, and well-known in Paris, where he. has oftenplayed with the Lexington team, hasreturned to Lexington after a suc-cessful season managing the Ports-mouth, Ohio, team in the VirginiaLeague. The team finished third inthe Leaame race: - Vioux will be amember ofitke'Iiouisvitle-iJlulKof thH. American, AmoclitfwvM&LUmx.-?PRESBYTERIAN CHUUCH CAMOPAIGN OVEEThe first of the city, campaigns inthe Presbyterian educational camcamnaisn in Kentuckv. rinsed suc-- w WWmakes a total of more than $75,000SWEARINGEff HORSES GO TOLEXINGTONsreen 4-year-old-old trotter, Mokowortny, by Moko out of TrinketWorthy by Axworthy. He will get afaster workout later.WELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Ver-sailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)f .,.. .j "FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS "$ J I,The New Coats Envelope OneIn Luxury-Slip into these new coats and see howluxurious they are-1 luxurious of fabric,of silk lining, of styling. The long !waist, the straight silhouette andgraceful wrap effects make their debutin a score of Belightful variations.KRANK&CO.LADIES? OUTFITTERS'rr"aMURDERER TO GO TO ELECTRIC-CHAIRAccording to information reiT 'ed in Paris Elias Ridge, thirtM .year-old negro, who murdered Mxi. 'George Adair, formerly of Park, afcher home in Pensacola, Okla., a fewweeks ago, has been convicM ..murder fh the first degree and Itemtenced to death in the electric ckair.The Court consumed"but twb hoursin determining the negro's guilt andfixing the sentence.Mrs. Adair was at home with herXtwo children at the- time. The negroattacked her with an axe, killingher instantly. It was stated thatthe negro is the youngest personever to be sentenced to death - inOklahoma. TMrs. Adair was a sister of "Mr.George Batterton and Mr. Joe B.Smith, of Paris and Duke Smith, oCynthiana. She and her husbandmoved to Oklahoma about two yearsago.STATE MEETING OF DISCIPLES,OF CHRISTThe State meetingof the Discipleof Christ in Kentucky will be heldin Paris at the Christian church,September 25 to 29, inclusive.Because of the lack of hotel facilities, the delegates will be givelodging and "breakfast for $1.50 inthe homes of the resident members.Lunch and supper will be served inthe church parlors by the Womtm'ftSociety of the Presbyterian church,at seventy-five cents per plate.The delegate body will range fromthree hundred to 1,000, and eachone expects to pay his or her ownway. The pastor and the committeein charge urge every member of thechurch to respona generously andenthusiastically to the call 'forspace in the homes. Kentucky repirtation for hospitality must not suffer at the hands of such a body ofpeople as comprise the Paris Christian church.TWO FARMS AT AUCTIONHarris, Speakes & Harris, as"agents, will sell two fine farms atpublic auction v Wednesday, Sept. 20,at ten oBclock, a. m., estate of MissRebecca Dudley and Mrs. NannieDudley McClintock. Read the ad inthis issue of THE NEWS.(12-19) . ''. oThe person who pines over hishard luck needs to spruce up a bit.k' II "wB-s!f,N-v. W8t-jrvAl .. ,cij.-- -j"-..-rVPAGE TWOTHE- BOURBON. NEWS.TU18DAY, 8BPT1MB II, lff,AR1S, -KENTUCKY -. l' ' r -,- , - cr v' t i n ijji1I11-hIi(HE BOURBON NEWSThimMhhei 18ft 41 Years of Continuous Publicationkiiked Every Tuesday and Friday,JNrYetr $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.XIHAMP, Editor and Owner.satrd at the Paris, Kentucky,T tome as Mail Matter of theSecond Class)arFOEEIGK REPRESENTA-t i 3TVES.10 ifihr YorkAmerican Pjress Asso-4titftL,rHukdeIphia N. W. Ayers & Son.'Atlanta MassengaleAdv. Agencya'dmcinnati-Blaine tThompson oLomisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESr Display Advertisements, $1.00 per$Bchfor first time; 50 cents per inch-;ach,. subsequent insertion."-Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line4ch issue; reading notices in blackW9 Z0 cents per line, each issue.as "Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise--ients and yearly contracts.' -The right of publisher is reserved""to decline any advertisement ormother matter for publication.k Announcements for political officesfcsaust invariably be accompanied by$ cash.rf Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation ofiay person, " firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsvt THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to thestf&SF011. ?f the editor'JEDITORIAL FLINGSA trombonist"Folks will agreer -Should practice on'The deep blue sea.The utter callousness of a Warwick world is indicated by the factthat nobody seems to care a fig-ibout the Turks taking Smyrna.The younger generation in Paris- is very little concerned about making footprints on the sand of time,3iut devoted to stepping firmly on&he gas.-If there is to be a garter craze,-and the short-skirt era continues,it will be a craze which you canview, and if you're inclined tosrtarm you may view it with alarm.-An individual of average meansfinds that home ownership is a mutual Telationship. The man ownsSiis home and the home owns the- than, and each serves the other 365. days a year.At The Grand""Awas a sad film and thegirls were weeping, s-Down their pink cheeks thetears were seeping."iSee, ladies, see! Now "themovie is overJHepair kits out you willsoon recover!T Nowadays when a "big gasser" is"brought in by operators in KentuckyIt doesn't mean, as of yore, that theta&achine is presenting to ihe "ladiesand geatlemen" a windy politician-who Is prepared to bawl about thedffloriee of "the grand old Commonjarealth." "" One of our doctor friends told usf-ihat brain workers should eat,, ahearty and substantial breakfast.ie certainly aianot mean paras' itrraphers, unless some one else, fur- miaked the brains' and- the break-iufcast.i n'Ms-Coal -will cost more per bushel-Ahis winter, but a less number ofT-v&wfthels will be used to warm one.""CEvery time a man has to pay for a'"'load he will cuss until he is- warmedTtip and won't need any fire for afccareek.The old-fashioned Paris husbandwho drank whisky till he was full of-fight and came home and broke upvliis wife's dishes still figures occasionally in the courts, but a much-"-isedlater model is the husband whomeekly washes the dishes while hisv -wife is writing a club paper upon"wrthe domestic servant problem.If the United. States Railroaddabor Board could decide what is-"a living wage" and satisfy wagelearners, it would rate as the great--tof governmental agencies, in theyes of labor, and its decision ennforced would mean the . greatestadvance in wages in the history ofgovernment.C ""The horse is coming back."""TThaFjs good news. It is especially- good if back with the horse , come1the virtues and the qualities associ-Za&ed with that noble animal and hiswriters. It is from these latter weiet the word "chivalry," with all.that woril conveys, and there is stillja Isflto&t of romantic courtesy at-'1mW to tkt word "eavaller." - Int s string -onmtrif "casid-lero" isUhe greeting among gentlemen, and the-term, "peon" one whogoes on foot, -is all but one of contempt. By all means let's welcomeback the horse.An amusin'-cuss who 'likes to saythings told THE NEWS man theother day that the" English sparrowsare using the hands on the courthouse clock for exercising on in themorning before the automobiles begin topasst for the purpose of becoming supple enough'to get out ofthe way of speeders on the streets., The Treasury Department an7nounces that everybody was forty-forty-sixcents richer on SeptemberX than he was on August 1. , Well, Jwe hate o question Government figures, but something seems to be! wrong. However, we won't argueLthe matter if the Government will.reimburse us for our share of thegain..The Clerk of the Kentucky Courtof, Appeals is sending out a bulletinrelative to the fall, term of theCourt. This bulletin takes up considerable space discussing the constitutionality of the SimmonsStrange road act, and explains thatit passed "on a strict party vote."And thus 'does the Clerk of theCourt of Appeals of Kentucky layhimself heir to the title of "officialpublicity man" for the State administration. A feminine subscriber asks THENEWS: "If you have on a lowneckgown and in raising your plate toyour mouth to drink soup youshould spill some on your shoulders,what should be done?" Well, weare inclined to think thata liberalsupply of blotting paper would bequite the proper thing. An artistictouch may be added by having theblotting paper of a color that wouldmatch your gown. Carry your ownblotting paper with you, also."A GENERAL STRIKE"Do you remember, grown-up-man-who-reads-this,when you climbedup the long, long stairs to the darkand mysterious attic? And theother, older children, told you towatch out for the "bogey man?"And you jumped and shivered and.- ,shook with terrified delight?There wasn't any "bogy man"really. It was just a dear figmentof childish imagination.Nor is there any real grown up"bogey man," not even when hemasquerades by the name of "General Strike." There are those hotheaded and under-educated membersof society who would like to frighten the rest of us with his name.But theV forget, these agitators,that this is America, where all havesome, and many have much opportunity to learn; where standards ofliving are high: where men are safeand secure in their homes; whereeach man's house is his castle, andeach man's wife 'and children his toprotect and love and keep,' and nevera man or a governmenfto say himnay.The American, the true, redblooded, patriotic, flag-loving, landloving, home-loving American, canno more be led into making himselfa part of a Bolshevist bogey manthan he can be led into mass murderfor the establishment of a soviet, ala- Russia.The indignation, the revolt, the-emphatic negatives to talk of a general strike, came first of- all fromAmerican workmen, who are Americans first, and members of a union,sect, order, or organization only after they have expressed t theirAmericanism, and' their belief, in,and adheranceto, American principles and the -American Government.Our childish - tormentors couldnever produce "their "bogey "man."As long as Americans are Americans first, no agitator caii producethe General Strike bogey man!ASPIRINSay "Bayer" and Insist!Unless "you see the name Bayer"on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-twoyears and proved safu bymillions forColds HeadacheToothache LumbagoEarache RheumatismNeuralgia Pain, Pain.Accept only "Bayer" packagewhich contains proper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costfew cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)o -AbpuMheorily independent worker is the one who gives his em-JiZe-?l9re ! service than, ha t-J Is) Vhow paris; Mjur avoidedDIYOICIT courtThe home of a well-known Parisprofessional man, where domestictranquility permeates the refinedelegance of a hospitable fireside, wasthe scene recently of a quarrelwhich threatened to disrupt - thatdelightful state of connubial blisswhich .is known to habitually reignthere.The scandal was disclosed whenhe appeared at the office of THEBOURBON NEWS the "other 'day.and subscribed for a second copy ofTHE ;NEWS,, directing that it besent to hiswife. Since it was generally known that the well--knownprofessional man and Kis wife wereliving under 'the .same .roof , and, theneighbors presumed that not a happier home existed in Paris, thet gentleman was questioned as to whether he and Tiis wife were still gettingtheir mail at the same street address. ,Then the gentleman explainedthat for the past few weeks therehad been a weekly quarrel whichmenaced the happiness of the home.The quarrel occurs, he explained,every Tuesday and Friday whenTHE BOURBON NEWS arrives, asto who shall have priority in reading the paper. A copy of the paperwill now go to his wife, and onewill go to his. office, and so a sensible husband has steered the matrimonial bark off the shoals of domestic infelicity.M)THE ONLY WAY TO PLAY SAEEi .Prevention is better than cure,though it does -not so often get inthe papers. Lots of folks are advertising sure remedies for colds, erysipilas and lame backs, but not oncein a coon's age do they tell us howto avoid these afflictions.There are two kinds of mistakesthat auto drivers make at railroadcrossings. Some motorists, a largenumber of them. in fact, fail to remember where they are. Theyknow the fatal result of being hitby a train of- cars, but do not keepthat idea in active circulation. Toknow a lot of things is great, but toprofit by what we know is betteryet.To think about trains 'of carswhen you drive near crossings is the- naf,1r!1i tviino- i w -no Tr.OQa fhl-- "Of ""- "J -" v,." -"v.usual thing; so one is led to thinkwhen he reads about daily disastersat railroad crossings.It is hard to forgive the error ofthe driver who tries to beat his wayahead of a train. The other kind isdreamy and mentally sluggish, butthis one is as wideawake as a chicken hawk and knows all that is goingon.Probably in one more generationit will surprise and shock people toread that in the year 1921 over 5,000 folks men. women and children riding in automobiles, werekilled or injured at public crossingsin this country.The only way to checkthis frightful condition is to remind drivers,and then remind them again, ofsomething they already know thedanger of being forgetful, or of committing daredevil acts at the crossings. oELECTRICITY A NECESSITYElectricity, which plays soargea part in makings our great citiesmay also unmake the metropolis bytaking the comforts and convenienceto the country, is the prophesy ofthe Newark (N. J.) Star-Eagle."A city like modern New Yorkwould e impossible without electricity" this paper says. "Skyscrapers with no electricitywould be incredible and the citvwould never have progressed beyond a sort of collection of neighrborhoods where a man's activity wasconfined to his own locality."There seems to be more foundation for. the forecast tkat electricitywill unmake the metropolis than foran assumption that it was made byelectricity in the beginning." '"Electricity has taken Broadwayto the dutlands. 'it has taken theaching 'back and a "lot of perspiration from farming. ' The telephonemakes the ruralite a neighbor ofthe man in town. It is interestingto speculate about its effect on themovement of populations. We maybe faced some day with the problemof keeping the city boy at his deskand finding men enough to runlathes and drive street cars."MONKEYS INTERESTED IN ITNGER PRINTINGSol Stephan, general manager ofthe Cincinnati Zoo has been away fortwo weeks on "monkey business,"and recently there arrived at theZoo 44 monkeys of various kindsand one African baboon. The problem of identity arose, and a fingerprint expert was called in. Themonkeys were highly interested inthe result and insisted on makingadditional prints on the expert's faceand hands.RADIO ALARM INSTALLEDThe first broadcasting station tobe used exclusively for police purposes has been installed at policeheadquarters in New York City. Theauthorities hope to be able to sendout an almost instantaneous policealarm over an area of 30,000 squaremiles.o-r .Looks as If alotVffthe girls 'wereactively- participatlriV-in tKev"paintimOi HbTIII ilf UiMsWbsssisssHII'I I JBhrrnriii unnwrniiir i The -jmei' mhbkb mm m i Limine s' BWB I 4.V. t JParis People Should Learn to Detect the Approach of Kidney -Disease The symptoms of r kidney troubleare many. Disorderedkidneys oftenexcrete a thick, clody, offensiveurine, full ofse5iment, irregular ofpassage or, attended by a sensationof scalding..," The back 'may ache,headacheB and 'dizzy spells may occur and the victim is often weighteddown by a feeling of languor and f ailgUe. Neglect these warnings andthere is danger. Delay often provesfatal.You can use no better endorsedkidney remedy than Doan's KidneyPills. Here's Paris proof of theirmerit.Joe Kiely, proprietor shoe repairshop, 617 Ferguson street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pills did me a worldof good and I take pleasure in recommending them to -anyoneing with kidney trouble.sufferer from kidney' complaint andmy back ached most of the time.My kidneys were weak and the secretions were highly' colored andcontained sediment. 'I lost my sleepat night as there was no let up tothe pain in my back, r got fourboxes of Doan'3 Kidney Pills at Ardery's Drug Store and used them.They rid me of the trouble entirely." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Kiely had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oKENTUCKY ICE PLANTSKentucky ranks nineteenthamong the States of the Union io.value of ice manufactured annually,according to the last United StatesCensus of Manufacturers. This census shows that there are 99 iceplants in Kentucky and that thevalue of ice manufactured In 1921was $2,689,000.The person who pines over hishard luck needs to spruce up a bit.Salesmen Wanted !IF YOU HAVE A CAR ANDABILITY TO SELL THE FARMERSAND LARGE PROPERTY OWNERSA STRONG AND WELL KNOWNLINE OF MERCHANDISE DIRECTFROM FACTORY TO THE USERSON REGULAR MERCHANT'STERMS, YOUR CAR AND OURSALES CONTRACT WILL BRINGYOU IN ONE HUNDRED DOLLARSOR- MORE PER WEEK SELLINGOUR LINE IN YOUR COUNTY IFKENTUCKY, TENNESSEE ANDSOUTHERN OHIO. WE HAVE NOSTOCK SCHEME OR FINANCIALINVESTMENT OUR SELLINGOUTFIT IS FREE WHAT WEWANT ARE MEN ' WHO WILLWORK AND SELL OUR GOODS. IFINTERESTED WRITE I. J. DOWDY828 NINTH STREET, WASHINGTON. C, OR CALL TO SEE OURKENTUCKY MANAGER, ROOM 211CITY NATIONAL BANK BUILDING,LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY.(19-2t)DO YOUR TALKING- fiQfER.TWbsrllHOMELONG tmmcE;, 'FOKBESTWULTS;, e: --XCE,?ililirzlaAkr -" ' ' Ui' 'A t. v M X I, "moum mmmMmm Trr? sftMS'rH -if I'l 1' 1 P y " iJmm.aT2 Bourbon County farms2WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20thFor the purpose of settling the estate of the late Mrs. H. Rebecca Dudley and Mrs. N. D. McCIintock,we, as agents for the undersigned, will offer at auction on the premises the following tracts of land:No. 1 Is a tract of 232 acres, situated on the Bethlehem turnpike, 8 miles from Paris, and 8 milesfrom Lexington, adjoining the property of Jonas Weil on the east and north and the land of the McCIintock heirs on the west. It is near HutGhison Station, and within 3 miles of. the Lexington and Interurbanline, and in one of the best sections of the Bluegrass.Improvements on said tract consists of a large brick residence, barns,acres are in bluegrass, the balance is in a high state of cultivation.No. 2 Is a tract of 160 acres lying west of the above described, tract, 'near the intersection of theBethlehem & Antioch turnpikes. Improvements on same are a four-room cottage, barn and other necessaryoutbuildings. 130 acres of this tract are in bluegrass, the balance in a high state of cultivation.On each of these farms is a good spring, which in dry weather f urinshes an abundant supply of k waterfor man and beast. l:ijL!LLa.UliAlB.-,.-. fkllk'aFor other "information, apply toMRS. N. DASGHERTY'AlflJ-B.'F.JBEDrORDV Administrators Mrs. N.vj 2Ot B. F.BMrOirAND Wrlfc-ipDLjnriojnTflf I n'dl, always rungfkv. tkP3r Its name from thefirst wordaToOhe player." The De Profundls bell sounds one hour after theAve. It was only a comparatively recent date that bells were used for calling people to church. For ages theywere designed "solely for keeping evilspirits at a safe distance.'--,- y , jT , --TO TO WOTAll busses of Ihe-Reo Auto- BusLines operating out of Paris willarrive and 'depart from the Reo BusDepot--at -the -cornen; of 'Seventh- andHighvstreets, as per schedule, effective Tuesday,-, September"" 1 2 .-REO-BUS-DEPOT,W. . Hughes, Manager.lift-It).Administrator's NoticeAll persons haying claims againstthe estate of Edward Mitchell, deceased, are hereby notified to present'same, properly proven, as requiredj suffer-j Dy law, 'to the undersigned AdminI was a iatrator. at Millershnrsr. for adinst-ment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate olthe said Edward Mitchell, are- hereby notified to cafl on the undersigned administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness. RUSSELL MITCHELL,Administrator of Edward Mitchell.(aug29-3wks)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9r05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m5:00 p. bx6:00 p. m!7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Pare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or Inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY! TRACTIONlONAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TER-Public SaleBusiness PropertyThursday, Sept. 21, 2 P.In settling the joint estate of Mrs. H. Rebecca. Dudley and Mrs. N.D. McCIintock, we will sell at auction on the premises,, through ouragents, the following described property:Two' store rooms and two three-room flats, located on Main street,between Sixth and Seventh streets. The lot has a frontage of 36 feeton Main streetnd extends back 99 feet in thereat; to tha Kelly proprerty on the South, a 9-foot ally extends from this property to Seventhstreet. , "For particulars, apply to. JIAEEIS, SPEAKES & HAJtHS, Agests, ..,For B. r. BEDFORD AND W. K. DUDLEY Execwtorsaf t&e Estate, andMBS. B. F. BEDFORD AND MRS. F. H. LAPSLET, '(8-12-15-19)zonAT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.HARRIS,NOTICESTREET LETTING 'Board of Council, Paris, Ky., Bourbon County:Sealed proposals will be receivedat the- ofBce"of the "Board of Councilinrthejr office in; the First 'NationalBank Building; City of Paris, Kentucky, and in the Council ChamberCity1 Building," City of Paris, Kentucky, -until 7 o'clock- p. m. on the3rd dayiol September, 1922, to construct Main- Streetf from FourteenthStreet to Twentieth 'Street.r Bids will be received , on vitrifiedbrick on a six, Inch, concrete foundation, three types of street asphalt ona six "inch, .foundation, bithulithicconstruction on a six inch foundation, wood blocks and Kentuckyrock asphalt on seven inches of macadam, foundations, well rolled, orother type of paved streets. Samplesof vitrified brick must be furnished.A certified check or bidder's bond tothe amount of Ten Per Cent. (10)of the total aggregate of bid must besubmitted with bid. This check to bereturned upon the execution of thecontract and the bond of approvedsurety, received as specified. In theevent bond for the faithful performance of his contract Is not executedby the successful bidder in ten day3after the award is made, in thatevent the sum so deposited shall beforfeited to the City of Paris, Kentucky, as liquidated damages. Thedeposits made hy unsuccessful bidders shall be returned to such unsuccessful bidders immediately afterthe award is- made.A surety company bond satisfactory to the Board of Council will berequired of the successful bidder inthe sum of Thirty Per Cent (30)af the estimated cost of the work.The nature and extent of the bondrequired wilT be the guarantee for aperiod of five years from the acceptance of the work hy the Board ofCouncil against any "and all defectsdue to- defective or faulty workmanship or material.The surety shall be a guarantee ofa Surety Company authorized to dobusiness in the State- of Kentuckyand approved by the Board of -Council.Drawings and specifications ofwork will be on file in the office ofthe City Clerk in the First NationalBank Building, Paris, Ky. TheBoard of Council reserves the rightto reject any and all bids and alsothe right to award contract to thelowest and best bidder.BOARD OF COUNCIL,By E. K JANUARY,Chairman Improvement Committee.(12-19)f-"Tri.andother outbuildings, 154SPEAXES & HARRIS, Agti,Home Phone 394, Cuml) FhQM 450.D; McCIintock,I5t maiez. nip" ampaifm.(tptf-12-lf)l-. 4.l. .VLv5wTT.A-M'rv3'r 1 " i c .'Vwfv-, -"" ..-v -V1 Ct, hr'-S M"-.-" r & "-r...t-TTJESDAYr'SlJPTEMJ&R;li;. It22rTHB BOUItBON N1WS, PARIS, KENTUCKYXTJOIN THE TOBACCO-POOirKQW"(Vanceburg Sun)With all the turmoil in the country accompanied by acts of violencevou never hear of the farmer mixedup in it and yet he has the bestgrounds for complaint. His products were the last to go up duringthe war and the first to hit the bottom after it was over. No commission has been mentioned to awardhim and his family a living wage;be just takes what's offered him, beit much or little, and takes satisfaction in cussing the other fellow'sparty. The farmer needs to organize; not to gouge the other fellow,but to keep from being gouged. Jointhe Tobacco Pool and the Parm Bureau and get started right and thenstay right by keeping organized.Mistakes will be made but don't letgo and lose all gained.CORNSLift Off with FingersDoesn't murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T) JST. JXMO'S HEESt. Elmo's fire is the poular nameof an appearance sometimes seen,especially in Southern climes, during thunderstorms, of a brush orstar of light at the tops of masts,spires of other pointed objects. Itis sometimes accompanied by a hissing noise and is of the same natureas the light caused by electricitystreaming off .from points connectedwith an electrical machine. Thephenomenon, as seen at sea, was woven by the Greeks into a myth ofCastor and Pollux. Even yet suchlights at the masthead are considered by sailors a sign that they havenothing to fear from the storm. Thename comes from St. Elmo,. St. Peter Gonzales, 1190-1246, a SpanishDominican, who is invoked by sailors on the Mediterranean duringstorms.GROCER ASSIGNSEdmund Harp, Paris grocer, fileda deed of assignment Friday in favor of his creditors, designating Jas.Clay Ward as assignee. No scheduleof liabilities and assets was filed.His principal creditors are chieflywholesale grocery houses.Some folks in church really try tocarry the tune; but most of us justlet it wobble along in its own way.PARIS, KY.Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSXntik P. KUer, PrtcidMt8. L. Wther, Vic PrtldtW. TOTtttbaell, CashitrJo. W. Ttrktc. jLN't CufcltrI Ped. Jr.. BookkMftr...Iran 'I J tJFARMERS I TRADERSBANKeditob: hshees complimentsto pabis seceetaeyEditor Warren Fisher, of the Carlisle Mercury bears an everlastinggrudge against Paris streets, or atthat portion in South Paris, whichhe justly terms a "succession ofshell holes, craters and pits." In thelast issue of his paper he fires thefollowing broadside addressed toSecretary Harold Harris, of theCommercial Club: ,"Mr. Harold Harris,Secretary Commercial Club,Paris, Ky."Dear Mr. Harris:"Being a live wire, as all commercial club secretaries are, we aresure that you'll forgive us for giving you advice. BttJierfrJaign,out" on the pike, beyond the cemetery, urigng the passing motorist to'come again; stay longer.' And thissame sign goes otf to relate what afine town is being left behind, andwe don't deny it. But, Mr. Harris,you've doubtless studied businesspsychology, so don't you think itwould be better to put the sign outfurther, -beyond the city limits,where the motorist has enjoyed afew hundred yards of the countyroad? By that time he has gottenhie spine back down out of his collar; has gathered up any of hisfamily that may have spilled outduring the ordeal of 'bumping thebumps;" and he just naturally feelsbetter, thanking to Providence andeveryining liKe tnat, to nave survived the 'crossing.' What means abroken spring or so, then, if therebe no broken bones!"Doubtless our ancestors, comingout of the Wilderness at Crab Orchard, after the perils of their journey, felt the same way a feeling ofthankfulness, a state of relaxation,after hardships undergone a stateof being psychologically right foryou to drive home the force of yourremarks about Paris with that signboard. As it is, while mind, eye andmuscles are co-ordinating like thedeuce to make the crossing, onehasn't time to ponder the wordspainted there. When the motoristdoes catch a wiggling glimpse ofthat 'come again; stay longer;' hisreaction to it is not good. If theyare pious, you can hear 'em mutterand see their jaws tighten, but ifthey be of the army of the ungodly,they say it right out loud, just likethat! And what they say aboutParis (though it can't be printed inthis great family journal) is not indicative of the state of mind youwish to arouse in the departingguest. So we respectfully suggest,Mr. Harris, that you have that signmoved, away down by the bridge onthe Lexington pike, where it won'tbe so much like a red rag to an angry bovine."oRHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by 'nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco "Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. ' MIWOGCO MINERAL. SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oHUSBANDS MUST RENDER EXPENSE ACCOUNTEverybody's cash on hand increased by 40 cents during August,according to a circulation statementissued by the treasury. On September 1 the per capita crculaton ofmoney throughout the country was39.93, as compared with $39.47 onAugust 1 and with $42.99 on September 1 a year ago. The totalber 1 the per capita circulation ofSeptember 1 was $4,393,506,927,while the population of the UnitedState was estimated at 110,017,000persons.ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abis stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best 'bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave, a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.oThe size of a man does not havemuch to do with it when it comesto sharpening up his wits.oThe politician who can not putup a good bluff is not a politician.872 Cumberland. 379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS, VEGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactiongurant4ed. Your tradeappreciated.JTAUL & STONEPERSONALSMrs. Louise Steele VanMeterhas returned from -a visit in Cincinnati. Mrs. Amanda Reynolds, of Corbin, is visiting friends and relativesin this city.Misses Mae Shannon and NellBourke are visiting friends and relatives in Indianapolis.Miss Cornelia Stone has returned from a visit to her sister, MissHadley Stone, in Versailles.J. E. Soper and son, NormanSoper, of .Paris, are spending a fewweeks at Martinsville, Indiana.Miss Harriet Rogers has returned from a visit to Miss Julia Poynter, at "Science Hill," Shelbyville.Misses Katherine and LillieKenney have returned from a visitwith Mrs. T. E. Ardmore, at Evansville, Ind.Miss Rachel McClintock hasmatriculated as a student at .theKentucky College for Women, inDanville.-Mr. and Mrs. Edward. Speakeshave returned from a two-weeks'visit to friends and relatives in Dayton, Ohio.Mrs. Fannie Dinsmore and son,George Carter, have returned to,their home in Carlisle after a visitto Paris relatives.Mrs. Carter Coons has returnedto her home in Maysville after avisit to Mrs. W. E. Patton, at herhome on Cypress street.Mrs. John David Allen, Mrs.Joseph Arthur Goodson and Mr.Sublette, of Lexington, were guestsof Paris friends Thursday.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., ofParis, will resume his studies thisyear at Washington and Lee University, at Lexington, Va.George Adair has returned toPensocola, Okla. Mr. Adair expectsto return to Bourbon county in thenear future to make his home.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Hornbackhave returned to their home inWinchester after a visit to theirdaughter, Mrs. Rosa D. Duncan.Miss Elizabeth Shropshire hasreturned to her home in Georgetownafter a visit with relatives andfriends in Paris and Bourboncounty.Mrs. Clay Ward and littledaughter, Mary, have returned homeafter spending the summer with thefarmer's mother, Mrs. Rasco, inHopkinsville.John Price, who is now traveling for the American Book Company, spent several days the pastweek in Paris as guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lee Price.Mrs. L. I. Smith and childrenhave returned to their home in Pensacola, Florida, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Frank P. Kiser and otherrelatives in this city and county.Mrs. Wm. Luttrell, of Maysville, Mrs. Thomas A. Gooding anddaughter, Sue Fan Gooding, of Mason county, are visiting at the, homeof Mrs. Alex Duke, on Higgins avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Anderson Owensmotored to Paris Saturday fromSpringfield, and spent Saturday andSunday as guests of Mr. and Mrs.Hooker Stivers and family, at theirhome on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Heifry S. Caywoodand daughters, 'Misses Loucille andElizabeth Caywood, of North Middletown, have returned from Louisville, where they attended the StateFair and visited friends and relatives. Mrs. Durand Whipple and sons,Emmett Dickson Whipple and DodgeWhipple, will return to-day to theirhome in Little Rock, Ark., after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Emmett M. Dickson, on Stoner avenue. Mrs. G. K. Redmon, Mrs. Annabelle Wallace and Miss Clara Baconfrom Paris, were guests at a bridgeparty given by- Mrs. Arthur Blackburn and Mrs. J. P. Evans, at thecountry home of Mrs. Evans, nearGeorgetown, Friday.Miss Grace Cruickshank, ofLexington, former supervisor of theParis Community playgrounds, wasa recent guest of Mr. and Mrs. I. W.Bush, on Houston avenue. MissCruickshank has just returned fromChicago, and has resumed her dutiesas instructor of history in the Lexington High School.One -of the charming events ofthe social season in Winchester thepast week was the, bridge partygiven by Miss Sarah Frances Hamilton. Among: those assisting thehostess was Mrs. William Wornall,of Paris. Misses Mary FrancesCampbell, Pete Duncan and HallieFrank, of Paris, were among theguests. - 'Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Cox, whohave been residing in Cincinnati forsome time, have returned to Lexington, where they have purchasedthe handsome "home of J. WilsonBerry, on the Nicholasville pike.Mrs. Cox will be remembered as Mrs.Mattie Crockett Barbour, a frequentvisitor in Paris at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell.Among the former students ofParis High School who are matriculating this week-at the University of Kentucky are: MissesJosephine Fithian, Elizabeth Lilieston, Mary May, Margaret Lavin,Louise Connell, Frances Kenney,Virginia Cahal, Elizabeth Snapp,Mary Frances Campbell, Marie Colliver, Katherine VLbitll, ElizabethRule, Lillian Mitchell an BettrDrane PatonRene Clark, EugeneLair and Ussery Wilder..Mrs. Alice Beall "has returnedto her home in this city after avisit to Mrs. Theodore Thomas, inGeorgetown.Misses Florence Adair Hedges,of Paris, and Anne.Maltby, of Mason county, left yesterday for Lexington, where they will matriculateas students at the University ofKentucky. 'Charles Kenney, son of Dr. andMrs. William Kenney, of Paris, willbe a student for the fall -term of theLouisville College of Medicine, atLouisville.Miss 'Mary Louise Clendenin,of Paris, is a patient at the 'GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,where she "recently underwent anoperation for removal of tonsils.Mrs. M. F.. Enright, MissesJulia and Anne Enright, KathleenO'Neill and Eugenia Elder have returned to their homes in Richmondafter a visit to friends in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Wiemer, of Coldwater, Mich., and their little grandchild, the son of Mr. and Mrs. JohnT. Woodford, of Chicago, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Benj. Woodford attheir home near Paris.Mrs. Charles V. Higgins, whohas been a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, following anauto accident in which she was injured some weeks ago, has recoveredand returned to her home nearParis.Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., washostess Friday at her home on theMaysville road, near Paris, to alarge number of guests, the occasionbeing in honor of Mrs. William L.Yerkes, of Pasadena, Cali. Theevent was in the nature of a reunionof the old Six-Hand Euchre Club,of which Mrs. Yerkes was an activemember before her removal to California. The day was one of genuinepleasure, and afforded a great dealof enjoyment as a happy reunion ofold friends.The Bourbon County GardenClub will be guests of Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr at her country home,on the Georgetown road, near Paris,Thursday afternoon, at three o'clock.The program for the gthering willbe as follows: Hostess Mrs.Thompson JL Tarr; "Fall Planting,"Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.; "Protectionof Flowers for Winter," Mrs. JamesW. Thompson; "Fall FloweringShrubs," Mrs. Wade H. Whitley; "ASelection," Mrs. Charles Spears,(Conference: Frost To-night,""The End of Summer," from theMelody of Earth; also "ApparentForethought in Plants.") Exhibition of dahlias.(Other Personals on Page 50rPerfect Comfort on the Longest TourThe 1923 Buick Six Touring Sedan 1935Large Luggage TrunkVThm handsome luggage trxmk carriedon the rear of the touring aedan modelia aa practical aa itia etriking. It wincarry a suitcase or email luggage eothat the paaeengera need not bainconvenienced.G.-. 'j. .'Sffi BCTIEft AUTOMOBILES ARE-yiLT. BUICK V&LL BUKDfact mmMSUMNCE "Im w. vaaaaaaam' GkaeaawMpyaT&kj& i LvLefusattendWhat a dismal feeling it must be to see your property destroyed by fire if it is not insured.TOBACCO INSURANCECome in and let us insure you. We are agents forstrong, reliable Insurance Companies and insurance isgreat protection for a small sum.Thomas, Woodford & BryanChange ofYour plans and changes for the fall and winter will not'be completed without our service.Residence rates frcm $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph CoIncorporated.Patronize Bourbon1 IiywWlMaW:s-WBLnS2j The Standard of Comparison 5 - 'For touring to the "Bier Game" Mq foil r,Nr,-the boulevard, or slionincrfiazy sunshine of Indian Summer, this smart newBuick six-cylinder touring sedan offers a degree ofcomfort that cannot be surpassed.Long and low in appearance, it affords perfect ridingease and comfort for five passengers. Its well-knitchassis, new cantilever springs and strong fime takeup the jars and jolts of the country road.Broad plate glass windows give a wide vision to alloccupants, while protecting them from chilling winds.Added warmth is provided by a heater. The interiorof.?e. Ej?h.ef built body finished in handsome plushwith individual seats in front. Driving convenienceis assured by a longer steering column at a lower anelecomplete instrument panel and longer gear shift leverIPcas9ax'aodti: Four.-PH75; 5 Pm. Sedan. $1395-4 raw. Koadster. 1175mwuck x-acranes. ask aboutBi-x- w r--rr ' T--."wMca provide for DeferredS. BALL. GARAGE?Kotirtri arid Pleasant Streets?to Yours.&a.the Season!H?"u.News Advertisers.oinntr a f .., : 4.u-iv-.-: .-..-tbe Q. 1. A r tw(..n.:"ui ioa.trtlCCM X. O. b.Pyaati7I-3-S-NR"- - iTrant , JrnL -iHMkun;;ltaMi.: Keller -LarkJMt.JpH-CH- J- ifITr.- . ..'- l-;Vi-N ,t-1 mmm'rwaL. - jrs.K v-rafr.-rTHE BOURM?1 N&WS, J?A!h3& KfepLTCKniWi'TPAGE FOUR:TU3KDAY, SiMlMWHl ir,t2rJat .! .HLEABDTG MERCHANTS TO ISSUEMOVIE TICKETSCITY COUHCIL PEOCEEDINGSPatrons of the local theatres will"be pleased with the announcementin 'connection with free ticketswhich re to he given away by themerchants of Paris who ae so-operatingwith the theatre to boost themovie picture business and at thesame time materially increase theirown trade.Through the efforts of the hustling .manager, Miss Adaline "Ward,she has made arrangements withtwelve of the leading merchants ofParis to give away tickets free ofcharge to the movie patrons witheach purchase made with them.JU the last regular meeting ofthe City Council, held in the Council Chamber at the City Hall, MayorE. B. January presided, ,with thefollowing Councilmen present:Henry, Kenney, Skillman, Doyle,Speakes, Santen and Mitchell.The term of D. C. Parrish as member of the Massie Memorial HospitalCommission having expired, he wasunanimously re-elected to serve foranother term of five years.Attorney Robert C. Talbott, repre-,senting the Paris Board of Education, appeared before the Counciland asked that a special election becalled for the purpose of permittingthe neonle of Paris to pass on a pro-T?nr lTiRfnnnp if vnn innlrA a nnrfihaRfiof $1.00 with any of the merchants Psed bond issue of $50,000 for conlisted below a nhild's ticket will be structing neededgiven. If you make a purchase of$3.00 you will be given an adult'sticket.It is the intention of the managerto enlist every merchant in Paris inthis splendid scheme, and those whoare interested are asked to call onMiss Ward "at the theatres and shewill be pleased to explain the pro-additionsCity School building onstreet. Councilman Santenthat the election be called,to theSeventhmovedand hi3motion was seconded by CouncilmanMitchell. The motion wal defeatedby a vote of four to three, Mitchell,Santen and Skillman in the affirmative, and Doyle, Kenney, Henryand Speakes in the negative.City Attorney McMillan was m-PEASIWHITIMN ." VIRGflFPAEADISE ' "wnoSfinn tn fhoin TVliej twill Tift Asplendid proposition to boost busi-fstructed to bring suit at once to colnew in Paris and it is to the inter- Mfct an impaiuest of every business man in Paristo get into this proposition at once.The twelve merchants who havealready entered into this proposition-will begin giving away the free tickets for Wednesday's performance,and when you make a purchase withthem Amounting to 1.00 or $3.00be sure and ask for your free ticketto the movies.The following list of merchants-will begin giving free tickets Wednesday morning, September 20:The Leader, Incorporated.L. R. Bramblett, Staple and Fancy Groceries.Dan Jordan, Staple and" FancyGroceries.Curtis Henry & Co., Groceries,Meats and Notions.The Fair.Louis Wollstein, Men's Furnishings. Lavin & Connell, Groceries, Hardware and Paints.Frank & Co., Dry Goods.1 G. S. Varden & Son, Druggists.Chas. Goldstein, Twin Bros. Department Store.Logan Howard, Staple and FancyGroceries.Paris Baking Co.licenses. Instructions were given to City Health Officer. Keller to promptly enforce allsanitary ordinances. Upon recommendation of Councilman Doyle theCouncil ordered that the culvert onVine street be enlarged sufficientlyto take cafe of water. Regularmonthly pay roll and monthly billswere approved and ordered paid.NEW SEED CEOPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)o' SAW LOST REEL IN DREAMKENTUCKY FUEL COMMISSIONDISBANDEDWith the closing of the headquarters of the Kentucky f uel commission Governor Edwin P. Morrow announced that he will be glad to henotified promptly of any emergencywhich demands immediate attention. In commenting on the closing ofthe office Governor Morrow said:"The State Committee remainedin operation during the last twoweeks, although without authorityto control cars, in order to protectprices as far as possible. It has beenenabled, however, to secure for theconsumers of Kentucky a great percentage of their coal at the Hooverprice of $4.50, although coal wasselling in other States at from $6to $7 and even as high at $8 perton,"A continuation of the committeeis impracticable at this time, theGovernor said, because it possibly"would do more harm than good.oPUBLICSALE OF BUSINESSPROPERTYHarris, Speakes & Harris wll sellpublicly at 2:00 p. m., Thursday,September 21, two store rooms andtwo three-room flats on Main, bettween Sixth and Seventh. A goodchance. See the ad.(15-19)j(Pikeville News)Last-fall while fishing at Peyton'sCreek, J. D. Caudill, veteran fisherman of Pikeville, lost a Shkespearereel. At the time Mr. Caudill didnot know whether the reel had beencarried away by some one passing orwhether some fish had become enticed by is musical click and decided to -have hook, line, reel nd allfor its very own. A few weeks agoMr. Caudill saw in a dream his favorite tackle in the shoal a shortdistance below where it was lost.He revealed his dream to a numberof friends, and expressed faith infinding the reel in accordance withhis dream.One day last week a friend informed Mr. Caudill that WhetselCompUm, of Ford's Branch, found areel at the spot disclosed in thedream. Before night Mr. Caudillhad covered 28 miles in an effort tolocate and identify the reel, whichhe did to the entire satisfaction ofFisherman Compton. The reel is asgood as new, notwithstanding thefact that it had spent the winterbeneath the turbulent waters of theBig Sandy."A Virgin Paradise," the stupendous William Fox special whichmade a sensation in New York, willbe seen at the Alamo and GrandThursday afternoon and night. Itis a story of the jungle and of civilized hyprocisy, written for thescreen by Hiram Percy Maxim, thefamous inventor of the Maximsilencer and other devices. Theaction shifts 'from a palatial country place on Long Island, New York,to a lonely isle in the South Seas,where a volcano destroys the entirepopulation with the exception ofthe infant heiress to $10;0jD0,000and her native nurse.As a story of human passion andemotion "A Virgin Paradise" is intense. As a." spectacle it is tremendous, both in the tropic scenes, thedevastation of the island in a volcanic eruption and the life' of thegirl with lions, apes and other wildanimals as her only companions, andin the wild scenes on the LongIsland estate. The production ofthis spectacular special was directedby J. Searle Dawley.Pearl White, the famous screenactress, is compelled to keep herselfin the pink of physical condition, inorder that she may beable to playthe exacting roles required of her.For instance, in the new picture,"A Virgin Paradise," 'Miss Whiteenacts the role of a girl raised on aSouth Sea island and accoustomed tooutdoor life. Those who admireMiss White's work will see her ather best in "A Virgin Paradise."ICE CREAMLEXINGTON FALLOPENSRACING rfeRWith clear skies, a fast track andthrilling finishes, the annual fallmeeting of the Kentucky JockeyClub was inaugurated at the oldKentucky Association track in Lex-"ington, Saturday, with a crowdrivaling that present for the first'day of fall racing at Churchill 'Downs. jEverything necessary for the success of a thoroughbred meeting wasin: "readiness prior to the openingand praises was heard on all sidesfrom patrons of the sport for theefficient manner in which the inau-!gural day's racing was conducted. JHundreds of lovers of the Sport ofKings from neighboring Blue Grasscities, as well as visitors from other !States, were present to usher in theautumn meeting.The winners of the first- day'sevents were as follows: 1st Race !Marine Corps, $58.40, $17.40 and;$10.80; 2nd Race Whitleather, j$4.40, $2.90 and $2.30; 3rd Race !Dernier Sou, $5.40, $3.70 and $2.80; '4th Race Easter Bells, $14.20,.$5.00 and $5.70; 5th Race Chat-terton, $3.40, $2.40, out; 6th RaceLottie Lorraine, $5.10, $3.00 and$2.80; 7th Race Runquoi, $7.20,$3.90 and $2.80.Some times a fellow gets prettywell along in years before he 'realizes that brains were given him 'notsolely for hair fertilizer.Smith's cream packed and delivered at:60c" per quart. v$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallonfAny one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.oWORLD RENOWNED ARTISTSNOTICEf-.mPKDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKY!V--AVxV-WILL BE CLOSEDSATURDAYSEPT 23rdBut will Open at 6 P. M.Wait. For Us 4 -j4-..v-3?-OF-hSALE OF BANK STOCKKENTUCEIANS LIVE LONGESTIf you are a Kentuckian you areentitled to 2.3 years more life thanthe average for the country as awhole, according ' to statistics compiled hy the Census Bureau. Thisapplies only to masculine sex ofKentuckians, however, for Kentuckywomen are shown to live longerthan their sisters- generally throughout the nation.' Boy babies born ofwhite families in Kentucky, according to life tables compiled from the1920 census, -have an, expectation oflife (or in other words an averagelength of life) of. 57.61 years, whilethe girl babies may look forward toan average of 57.53 years, these figures applying to either sex bf Kentuckians "born and reared." jH&J."THE BANK OF SERVICE'BANK ITThat dollar in your hand may be thefather of your fortune and its chil- -drenjnay be working for you whenyou have to stop.The easy spender may be a "goodfellow,' ' but he is a foolish man and "everybody knows it. -Somehow we all respect the manwho has "morfey in the bank.".Your pass book is ready.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyFrances Alda, prima donna soprano of the Matropolitan OperaCompany, and assisting artists willopen the season, Thursday, October5, at 8:15 p. m.. at the WodlandAuditorium, in Lexington, MadamAlda is the wife of Guilio GattiCasazza, directing general of theMetropolitan Opera Company.Mary Gardon, prima donna of theChicago Opera Company since 1910,and directing general of the organization for the past two years, withassisting artists will give the secondconcert of the series Wednesday, November 1, at 8:15 p. m.Albert Spalding, known as the"Nation's Supreme Violinist," willcome to Lexington the evening ofNovember 21st. Mr. Spalding waschosen soloist with the New YorkSymphony Orchestra when theymade the first tour abroad of anyAmerican Orchestra. He has beenconcerting aboad for the past yearand received great recognition asAmerica's leading violinist.Riccardo Martin, Kentucky's ownson, and leading tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Company and formerly of the Chicago Opera Company, will be the leading artist ofthe fourth concert.Sergei Rachmaninoff, famous Russian pianist-composer, will close theArtist Concert Series, Tuesday,March 13. at 8:15 n. m. Rachmaninoff is one of the most spectacular artists in the field of concertpianist before the public to-day. ' Hehas won for himself a high place inall three spheres of his art, pianist,composer and director.Season tickets are on sale ndw at$11, and $8.80 for the five concerts.The balcony is reserved for studentsand teachers at $7.70 for the season.Order season or single tickets nowfrom the Lexington College ofMusicPursuant to an order of sale madeand entered in the Bourbon CircuitCourt at the June term, 1922, asadministrator of C. J. Lancaster. Iwill sell to the highest" and bestbidder, at the Court House door, inParis, Kentucky, onMONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1922,at about the hour of eleven o'clocko'clock a. m., two shares of thecapital stock of the Farmers andTraders Bank, of Paris, Kentucky.Said sale will be made for cashor upon a credit of three months,for which the purchaser will be required to execute bond with goodand approved security, payable tothe undersigned as administrator ofC. J. Lancaster, and bearing interest at six per cent, per annum fromday of sale 'until paid.- (Signed) PRANK M. BURTON,As Administrator of C. J. Lancaster.Place Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vinesr Fruitand Perenpiats-vA v-Bourbon NurseriesBourbon News Advertisers Get ResultsTODAYANDSEED WHEATCAPITAL $200,000.00KSURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITSl5,HMtrv- 5-- Cv'& ..': -f-Extra quality Pennslvania Bearded Wheat, graded 61 from thresher,yielded 27 bushels to acre. Recleaned, $1.75 per bushel. CallJ. W. THOMPSON,(15-3t) Cumb. Phone 1006?.o .NEW HOME DESTROYED BY EIREThe newly completed home of C.V. Richardson was destroyed by firein Winchester -Saturday night. Thefife was beyond control when thenre department arrived and thehome and furniture could not besaved. r. Richardson and his family were away when the fire brokeout. The origin of the fire couldnot be determined.THEiiTOMORROWMr. JOE L. SCEARCERepresentativeSTORRS-SCHEAFER CO.CINCINNATI, O.The Beau Brummel Tailoring Line"Fire; Wind and Lightning Im.ance.THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYAN0FRENCH DON'T LIKE SMOKINGWHILE DININGTo the French eating is sacred.It is not to be profaned by smokingbetween courses any more than onewould light up a cigar in church.A favorite story in Paris tells of ayoung French woman in a diningcar who expressed the annoyance ofthe other passengers at the" tablewhen a young Englishman pulledout his pipe and calmly lit it between the fish and the vmeatcourses. u ,"Pardon, Monsieur-8heddress-edhim. "X hope, it won't disturbyou' if I tt kileyo4ar MMfe!'will be here with a splendid assortment of woolens in full lengthsand take your measure for that new Fall Suit. . Drop in today andinspect the line you are assured of courteous attention and the bestof service.In taking your measure we guarantee a fit and entire satisfaction inevery way. Prices are very reasonable in every way.Fall Showing in Knox andC. &K. HatsAsk any good dresser that you meet where he. buyshis hats and then come here where he buys andselect yours. All the new shapes in many differentcolors and combinations are shown-.-- y"YOU CAN TOP YOURSELF CHEAPER HERE", $5.00 to $7.00-jit!3ssR. P. WALSHv7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Home PhoneJ-144JCumb. Phone 006i&-,vVCvJTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER" 191922rTHE pOVQJJcm HI4 JITUG5WL1&5,,J,VTTyOffljforri -.PERSONALS"GIFTS THAT LASTJJJ-BIEDMAN'S SHOE .STOBEOur store will be closed Satur-Comingsand Goings of Some YouKnow and Others YonDon't.Norbert Friedman leaves to-dayday, September 23, until 6 p. m., on for Lexington to enter State TJniver-account of Holiday. , Sity.CLOSED ALL DAY SATUEDAYOur store will be closed all daySaturday, September 23, on account ton, formerly of Paris, is a guest atMr. and Mrs. James Bradleyare visiting relatives in Woodfdrdand .Fleming counties.Mrs. Wm. H. Harris, of Lexingo holiday, will open at b p. m.PRICE & CO."Y BAND EEHEAESALThe first business meeting andrehearsal of the Y. M. C. A. BoysBand will be held at the Y. M. C. A.building Thursday evening. Allmembers are urged to be'present andcome prepared to put in good work.oA FLOCK OF FOEDSTwenty-six Ford automobiles, enroute from Detroit, Mich., to Nashville, Tenn., passed through Paris,Friday night, under their ownpower. The machines were suppliedtvith fresh stores of oil and gasolineat the Standard Oil filling station.The motorcade left Paris at 8:00 p.m. for Winchester, on the last leg oftheir Southern journey. Each machine had a driver, and the departure of the flock of Lizzies was announced by a loud toot of autohorns.oPICTUEE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND "GE ANDTo-day, Tuesday, September 19Clara Kimball Young, in "Hush!"Mutt and Jeff comedy, "A MussyChristmas;" Standard comedy.To-morrow, Wednesday, September 20 Ethel Clayton, in "HerOwn Money;" Pathe News; MermaidComedy.Thursday, September 25 PearlWhite, in "A Virgin Paradise;"Movie Chats; Snub Pollard comedy.CLOSED SATUEDAYOur store will be closed Saturday,September 23d, until 6 p. m., on account of holiday.SHIRE & FITHIAN.PETITION IN BANKEUPTCYThrough his attorney, John J.Williams, E. M. Wheeler, furnituredealer in the'Robneel building, yesterday filed a petition in bankruptcyin the office of the Clerk of theUnited States District Court, atLexington.Mr. Williams stated that it wasnot possible just yet to give a schedule. Mr. Wheeler's liabilities wouldapproximate, $12,000, with a stockvalued at about $3,500, and accounts in the city and countyamounting to about $800.the home of Mrs. John A. Lyle. onEast -Eighth street. xMr. and Mrs. E. E. Landes andchildren and Mr. and Mrs. RankinMastin and baby were -guests of relatives in Covington, "Sunday.Uli G. . Howard, of Covington,is a guest of Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander and Mrs. Owen L. Davis, attheir home on Pleasant street.Mrs. B. W. Parker, of Parrishavenue, underwent a successful operation yesterday at the Massie Memorial-Hospital, for removal of tonsils, performed by Drs. Stoeckenger& Kenney.Dr. W. J. Kiff, who has for thepast three years ben a practicingveterinarian in Paris, has gone tounicago, to -taKe up tne study ofchiropractory. He will be succeededhere by Dr. Robert Kearns, of Hills-boro, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Litsey anddaughter, Sue Forman Litsey, ofAmbridge, Pa., J. B. Litsey and MissPhoebe Litsey, of Harrodsburg, andLeroy Litsey, of Lexington, spent theweek-end in Paris- as guests of Mr.and Mrs. William Cooper.Mr. S. W. McGill, Field Secretary, of the Christian EducationalMovement of the Presbyterianchurches in Kentucky, which closedits campaign in Paris Thursday wasa member of the Peace Conferencein Paris, France, as a reporter representing the Associated Press.Mrs. Matilda Brent Woodall,who is visiting Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander and Mrs. Owen L. Davis, onPleasant street, was a guest yesterday of Mrs. Margaret Brent Atkins,in Georgetown. She was accompanied by Miss Belle Brent Woodford,who remained for a visit to MissAnn Offutt Ferguson. . tOne of the most enjoyableevents of the season was the boxsupper given Saturday night in theyard of the old Union church, located on the Russell Cave pike. Icecream and cake were served, nettingthe ladies of the church a neat sum,which will be applied on repairs forthe church building.Wm. O. Evans, retired merchant'of Little Rock, recently celebratedthe seventy-eighth anniversary ofhis birth, .with a dining at the homeof his daughter, Mrs. W. G. Wilson.About thirty guests gathered and after partaking of the hospitality extended good wishes and felicitationsto Mr. Evans.PARIS DEUGGIST WINS GBOUPPEIZEDr. Elbridge L. Snapp, of theBrooks & Snapp Drug Co., of Paris,received a letter Saturday from thefirm of E. R. Squibbs & Sons, ofNew York, advising him that he wasa winner of one of the sixth groupprizes in the "Seven and One Reasons Contest" on the SquibbsHousehold Products.The prize was awarded Dr. Snappfor the best suggestions for a window display of the Squibbs products,he receiving especial mention forneatness and general decorationscheme of the display. The firmmade a request of Dr. Snapp that hewould make a window' display in accordance with the his suggestions,and send them a photograph, together with his own, for publicationin one of the trade journals.CLOSED iiATtTBDAYOur store wili be closed all daySaturday") September 23,-on accountof holiday. Will be open at 6o'clock.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.CLOSED SATUEDAYOn account of Saturday, September, 23, being a holiday, our storewill be closed all day, but will openat six o'clock in the evening.D. FELD.BUEGLAES ENTEE STOEEBloodhounds were placed in commission here Sunday morning in aneffort to trail burglars who effectedan entrance into the grocery storeof D. B. Farris & Co., Saturdaynight, but to no avail.The midnight visitors gained entrance to the store by breaking theglass in the rear door and reachingthrough, unfastening the latch. Asfar as could be ascertained Sundaymorning nothing of any value wastaken, only a few small articles. ofmerchandise being missing.Sheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriff James Gibson procured aPair of bloodhounds and placed themon the trail early Sunday morning,but the dogs ?ave up. after a shorttrial, being unable to strike a scent"Hidway." the nandsome suburbban home of Mr. and Mrs. John F.Davis, was the scene of a brilliantassembly of guests on Thursday afternoon, when Mrs. E. F. Clay, Mrs.Catesby Spears and Mrs. Davis entertained with a reception. Abouttwo hundred and fifty invitationswere issued to friends in Paris andBourbon, and many went io out-of-townfriends, nearly all of whichwere accepted.The home is very attractive withits spacious halls and rooms, so welladapted to the entertainments forwhich it is noted. Lovely blooming flowers and handsome palmsand ferns added beauty of coloringto this stately home. All during thehours from three o'clock until six,sweet strains of music were heardfrom the harp and violin. Dahliasand chrysanthemums in orchidshades with white asters were usedin profusion throughout the lowerfloor.The dining table had for its centerpiece a silver vase of asters withfour exquisite silver comports surrounding this, holding deliciousconfections. A very tempting meatand salad course was served tothe guests in the dining room and,sun parlor, which were lovely in thesame decorations of orchid dahliasand white asters.Two charming young matronspresided at the punch bowl, whichwas in the library, Mrs.Katherine Davis Craig and Mrs.Charles Spears. Mrs. Craig washandsome in a graceful gown ofgrey canton crepe and silver lace.Mrs. Spears wore a gown of jadegeorgette. Mrs. Clay and Mrs. ZekeArnold received the guests in thedrawing room. Mrs. Clay was handsome in a black gown of cantoncrepe and jet, while Mrs. Arnoldwore a lovely gown of black lace.Mrs. Davis was lovely in an exquisite gown of orchid chiffon withbodice of orchid maline and dutchesslace. Mrs. Spears wore an importedgown of beaded chiffon.Those who very graciously assisted the hosts in entertaining wereMesdames E. F. Clay, Jr., Sam Clay,Brutus Clay, Ayelette Buckner, Cas-Jsius M. Clay, and little Miss SallieDavis, the beautiful daughter of thehouse. She wore a white, embroidered frock.Among the out-of-town guestswere Mesdames Robert Rodes Estill,James Headley, W. H. Harris, W.T.Withers, SalieN Withers, Hal PriceHeadley, Summer Carrick, MissPeggy McAvoy, (Baltimore), Mrs.Tillie Woodall (Covington.) - -Mrs. Spears More, who hasbeen quite il for two weeks, is ableto be out again.Gus Margolen will leave thisweek for Cleveland, Ohio, to go under the care of a specialist.Mrs. E. F. Clay and grandson,Catlett Buckner, left yesterday for!their winter home in Eustis, Florida. The following unique invitationhas been extended by members of Ime jemima Johnson Chapter,Daughters of the American Revolution, which in itself is explanatory."Jemima Johnson ChapterWill have a birthday feteAnd every Daughter must be thereTo help celebrate;Sa bring your pennies twenty-five,To show you're glad she's still alive;At three o'clock, with Mrs. ClaySeptember nineteenth, is the day."From the above it may be seenthat Mrs. Cassius M. Clay .will behostess to the members of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., this(Tuesday) afternoon, at threeo'clock, at her country home,"Auvergne," on the Winchesterroad, near Paris. The meeting willbe in the nature of a celebration ofthe twenty-sixth anniversary "of thefounding of the Chapter. Constitution Day coming as it does, the program to-day will be a- ConstitutionDay event.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay has been regent of the local Chapter for twoterms, during which the affairs ofthe Chapter have been ably administered 'and all elements have beenwelded into a most harmoniouswhole. The Chapter is now one ofthe strongest and most flourishingof any in Central Kentucky. It hadbeen originally planned to hold thejubilee celebration in 1921, but itwas deferred to'this year in order tocombine Constitution Day with theanniversary celebration.(Other Personals on Page 3)oFINE FARMS FOE SALETwo fine Bourbon farms, estate ofMiss Dudley and Mrs. McClintock atpublic - sale Wednesday morningSeptember 20, at ten o'clock, byHarris, Speakes & Harris, agents.Read the advertisement in this issueof THE NEWS.(12-19)SUNDAY AUTO COLLISIONSunday morning while Mr. andMrs. Roy Batterton and two smallchildren, of Paris, were en route intheir auto from Paris out theGeorgetown pike, their machinecollided at the east entrance of thecovered bridge on the "city limitswith a machine said to have beendriven by a young man named Dodson. There is a sharp curve at thispoint, and it is impossible to seeover a short distance. Both machines were considerably damaged.Mrs. Batterton received a "bad gashon the nose from flying glass fromthe broken windshield. Mr. Batterton and the children were uninjured.ATTENTION, SHOOTERSThe Bourbon Gun Club will hofdits regular Wednesday afternoonshoot this week at the club groundsin East Paris. The trophy for thisshoot, a $10 comfort or blanket, donated by- the Leader Store, is now ondisplay in their large show window.We will have only four more shoots,for the traps will be closed for thisyear on November 1. Now, youshooters that want to play this gamewill have to get busy.RUDOLPH DAVIS, Sect.NEW HOUSE FOE SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOUEBON LUMBEE CO.(nov25-tnoIf bobbed hair goes out of style,the best thing the short-haired girlscan do is to pretends to like it.WANTED.White woman to do cooking andhousework and stay at nights,Apply to,. B. HARRISON,(It.) No. 15, Fifteenth Street.Lest You ForgetWe MentionWhen out shopping we have extra values at extra low prices, onLadies' and Misses' Suits, Coats,Skirts, Sweaters, Blouses,- Dresses,Millinery and Oxfords and StrapSlippers, Dry -Goods, Silks, Etc.,Corsets, Hosiery, Underwear, Etc.Remember to Call atThat Saves You Money.the StoreTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINE. Corner Seventh and Main StreetsWe Close SaturdaySeptember 23rdUNTIL 6 F : M.?', h ":vL:T3$on account ofHOLIDAYV-4-Shop Here Duringthe Week if Possihle --LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"1i K-KThe Pullman Gives You an Extra RoomWithout Increasing Your RentVERY family needs extra" sleeping quarters in the home in case ofemergency. Unexpected visitors come; a nurse may be necessaryin any home at any time; you may wish friends to remain overnight or to week-end with you; you may wish to accommodate afriend or good neighbor for a night or two; the man of the family maywish a business friend remain over night, whatever the -emergency oroccasion may be, a Pullman provides the extra sleeping quarters.Some families may want to renf out a room because of present high rents.Some families may be moving into smaller apartments with fewer sleeping rooms these are but SOME of the reasons for the immense popularity of the "Pullman,"Here is an opportunity to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport Bed"- that matches up with other furnishings in your home. You can get the- same designs, the same woods (mahogany, walnut or oak), the same comfort that you get in the finest stationary davenports. .Here is a beautiful living room piece of furniture that is "as handsome as "- the finest davenport, as comfortable as the best bed" one that givesdouble, or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture at the price ofone.THE J. T. HINTOJV CO.EITHERPHONE 3PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH km MAIMvMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertaktacVVkmfrv:55"W:r EUitfirsLlxiton);v Wtwmmmmmmmm'- .3-r H-t-i,-.riw-w-..-ifc...-wr"i-,i ..iX"" - -.-,L t.--M- -.. -r PAOTWXSt'- yTHE BOURBON NEW 'PARISH KENTU'Jr x- : 'TUMDAT S.1,J!. . fitttTIMER"W. J. Hunter, a farmer residingnear Blue Lick Springs, is the ownerof a mule which he claims to he theoldest in the United States, according to J. J. Veatch, district superintemdent of the Paris Home Telepkone and Telegraph Company, whorecently obtained a photograph ofthe animal. Mr. Hunter, it is alleged, has owned the mule for 25years, having purchased the animalfrom his father-in-law, RobertOrerby, also of Robertson county.Mr. Overby states that he holds taxreceipts showing that he paid taxeson the mule during the year 1875,"Which would show that the animalnow is over 47 years of age. Thegood condition of the mule's teelhIs responsible for his long life, aslie is still able to masticate his foodmuch better than other animalsmany years his junior. Mr. Hunteris anxious to preserve the animaluntil it reaches the age of fifty,and has relieved him from all labor,;with a generous allowance of fooddaily.TO COIN NEW HALF DOLLARCoinage of a fifty-cent piece incommemoration of the hundredthanniversary of the birth of formerPresident Rutherford B. Hayes, atDelaware, Ohio, is provided under abill by Senator Willis, Republican, ofOhio, passed by the Senate and sentto the house.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisig a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS.CAMAL BROS-BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS-CModern EquipmentExpert and Polite SemeHOT AND COLD BATHSBRIGHTER-EVENINGSA 2wGJWJust HistoryIn 7iThe Colonial DameSpnn her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline brightShe greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)KEflEnrFOUNEfFROM STOMACHTROUBLEHope for the millions of unfortunate men and women' who are victims of stomach trouble is soundedby Wm. J. Mullhall, 2028 W. 91ststreet, Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Mullhall was a victim of stomach troublein its worst form, but completelyrestored his health by taking Tanlac. He says:"My stomach went wrong tenyears ago, and I got to the pointwhere I could hardly eat anything.My neryes were in bad shape andI had rheumatism in my rightshoulder, which ached, and painedme for two years. A friend of minefinally put me on to Tanlac, andnow I feel just like a brand newman."Undigested food ferments in thestomach and soon the entire systemis filled with poisons. Tanlac- wasdesigned to restore the stomach toa healthy condition and build upthe, whole body. Millions everywhere have acclaimed its wonderfulpower. Get a bottle to-day.Tanlac is sold by all good druggists.WEATHER AND CEOP SUMMARYPAWS MECCA" OFDIVORCE HUNTERSAmericans and Other ForeignersAre Taking Advantage ofEasy French Laws.SECRECY IS THE CHIEF FACTORThe first five days were hot anddry, intensifying drought conditionsin the western half of the State, butfavorable for maturing late cropswhere moisture was sufficient. Theweek ended with beneficial localshowers in the central and westerncounties, followed hy much coolerweather. Late corn, tobacco andpotatoes continued to improve in thenorthwestern counties, where thesecrops are in a fairly good condition;but there was little growth in thewestern section, where their condition is poor except on bottom lands.Corn and tobacco are "firing" onhilly upland. The showers late inthe week afforded some relief locallyin the central and western sections;but the rainfall was not sufficientto start general growth of crops orgrass". Reports indicate that thelate potato crop is a failure in muchof the western section. Early tobacco, much reduced in yield bydrought, is now in barn and curingrapidly. Cutting of early corn hascommenced generally, but progresswas slow because of the hot, dryweather. Some plowing was donein the northeastern counties, butvery little in other sections becauseof the hard, dry soil. This workcan not proceed until heavy rainsoccur. The weather was favorablefor cutting and curing alfalfa andcowpea hay, but the yields havebeen reduced by drought. Pasturesrevived-somewhat in the northeastern district, but they are badly driedin the hilly districts of the centraland western section. Stock watercontinues short in many localities.BILL WAS 131,000,000 RpLES(New York Herald)Richard Munez, fur dealer ofManhattan, who arrived by theUnited States American liner Reliance, said he guessed he Jield therecord for the largest hotel bill everpaid by an American in Europe.The hotel is in Moscow and after hehad stopped there five days he handed over the desk several valises ofcurrency that the statistical experts very much later said represented 131,000,000 rubles. He gotsoup, steak and bread for 5,000,000rubles.Mr. Munez said department storeshave been opened and one could getalmost anything by paying loftyprices fixed by the Government.Word's Odd Derivation.The word "sincee;' owes its originto honey. The ancient Romans usedhoney in great quantities, and asmuch of it was adulterated with wax,he was-accounted an honest man osold his honey pure. In this way theword "sincere" passed into our language, for it signified "sine cera,"meaning "without wax.m.MmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmLmmLMmmimLmk..... -m-m-m-m-w-m-m-wm m "" I1V1 IIVI VffVSf We Handle All Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc. -VGas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental. -"Si -1 .MAJN STREETKAmerican Lawyer in Paris Declaresthe Whole Divorce Situation InFrance an Abuse and 'Scandal Grounds for Decree.Paris. The increasing number ofdivorces obtained in Paris by prominent Americans and other J&reignersseeking relief from matrimonial infelicity has led to many inquiries asto why the French capital apparentlyhas become such a European Reno fordiscontented spouses.The chief magnet appears to lie inthe fact that divorce proceedings maybe brought in French courts with silent ease and completed without evenfriends and acquaintances becomingaware, at least through the mediumof French newspapers, that there hasbeen the slightest ripple on the sea ofdomesticity. Publication of such proceedings by native newspapers is acriminal offense, on the ground oflowering public morals. The newspapers may print the names of those Involved, if they can obtain them, andthe fact that a divorce has been granted, but nothing more.Recent publicity in the United Statesof some divorces of Americans inParis has caused an unpleasant feeling of apprehension among attorneysfor others who have been contemplating divorce action. Several cases ofAmericans are reported to have beentaken to Tours, Rennes and other provincial cities, both for the still greater seclusion offered and because theprovincial court calendars are not socrowded as are those In Paris.Must Establish Residence.Provisional decrees usually may beobtained "in France in from one tothree months, and final decrees 50days thereafter. The complainantmust establish residence In France,but a declaration' that he intends tostay indefinitely is held to be sufficient, or the inclusion among his papers of a year's lease on an apartment. The second essential conditionis that the defendant must appear before the court in person, or tfiroughcounsel if he is a resident of France.But if the defendant lives outside thecountry, as is the case of Americans,notice must be given through thestate department.There are three grounds for divorcein France: adultery, conviction of afelony and cruelty. Both physical violence and mental anguish are accepted under the heading of cruelty.Neither party to a divorce is allowedto remarry in France within tenmonths, because of the question ofcustody and sustenance for the children. "The whole divorce situation inFrance, from the American viewpoint,Is an abuse and a scandal," saidCharles F. Beach, an American lawyer In Paris. "There is no suggestionof Reno in the attitude of the Frenchcourts, but French judges are notaware of the advantage that Is beingtaken of them by Americans who areprocuring divorces. These divorces aregenerally of no value in the UnitedStates, but Americans obtain themand they may hold until their validityis contested. Any kind of rope ofsand will hold until it's pulled."Liberal Regarding Divorces.At the ministry of justice the suggestion that Paris is becoming a second Reno for American divorces Is notwell received. M. Lemeerieux, first assistant to Minister of Justice Barthou,said that France was a liberal country regarding divorces, having beenthe first continental country to grantthem to foreigners, under the law of1884, and that possibly Paris was being visited for this purpose just asFiume was such a resort for Italiansbecause of the lack of a divorce lawin Italy.M. Wells, director of civil affairs atthe ministry of justice, said he didnot think it logical that France shouldbe looked upon in the United Statesas a country where divorces could beeasily obtained, since there were fewer legal grounds for divorce here thanin America.Generally speaking, France grantsdivorces to foreigners if their owncountries permit divorces. Judgesduring the last few years have beentaking a more lenient view toward applications for divorce by foreigners.i Previously he applicants usually werenotified that they should apply fordivorces in their own country.?T. W. SPICERi4 5 . VOPP. COURT HOUSE1 IMlUlllj- if ar&-Jfif5diaiL-A5 .- t- - -MMHMIHIHIHMTen-Year-Old Wound Is Fatal.Camden, N. J. After carrying abullet in his brain ten years, CateldaDe Benedicto, twenty-seven, died atthe Cooper hospital after It had beenremoved. De Benedicto, who was anItalian soldier in the war with Turkey over Tripoli, was struck twice inthe head. One bullet was removedand he was thought to have recovered.Bee Stings Motorist on Hand.Delaware, 0. A bee stung one ofJohn Miller's hands. He slapped atthe insect with, the otber,.lost controlof his juitomohlle and was' injured se-He is.at a hospital Millerretired btiehitM man rf DtiawaiR::LEAD -&ZINC PAINTkf,1"57We Guarantee:It means actual cash in yourpocket to take advantage ofthis offer!CDAINT half your house with DevoeLead and Zinc Paint; paint the otherhalf with any other paint you. choose.If Devoe doesn't take fewer gallons and.cost less money, we will make no charge:for Devoe.If Devoe doesn't wear a year or two or threeyears longer longer and better we willgive you enough Devoe to do the job over.Or, paint half your house lead-and-oil; theother half Devoe. In three years the lead-and-oilhalf will be hungry for more paint,with Devoe still sound.If not, well give you enough for the wholehouse.Devoe Products are time-tested and proven,backed by the 168 years' experience of the.oldest paint manufacturing concern in theU. S. Founded 1754.TheJ.T. HintonCo.T vfO-7 f i " IT CTTjSTONE BURIAL VAULTS&rIftjUPgi'it WA MHUU Jl I I m t'lgjE . .1 1 1Si one Burial Vaults are Nature's own material. No rust, no decayEndure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERY CO.Paris, KentuckyFARMTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.Kentucky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Bldg. Lexington, Ky.HOME OWNERS IN AMERICA(Thrift Magazine)Pennsylvania has the highest percentage of home owners of any Statein the Union. The population ofthis State in 1920 was 8,700,000.As the average family in the UnitedStates consists of 4 3-10 persons,this would mean that there were2,200,000 families in the State ofPennsylvania. Of these 1,730,000own their own homes. Ohio rankssecond in the list of home-owningStates. This State has a populationof 5,800,000, or 1,370,000 families,and of these 1,216,545 own theirown homes. Of the 25,000,000 families in the United States 11,400,000 are home owners. In -GreaterNew York, one family in eight is ahome owner.About thVmoTexactirifc race in4Which a woafam may tms&g t is try-."irto;keep up-iritlM&'itjIft. '??FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYTry Us With That Next Job!. xWe PrintAnythingAny-TimekTHC NEWSAll WorkDcltortOtTtetJOB DEPARTMENTPRINTING""LOANS':'1t" "3-t1 - r t- f(lv t4 "'i"" yXfj. . "TTHE BOURBON ;NEW&JRISU KENTUCKYmi win iii.AH,- JH-GlEATGOIDEXCIlTElllllTAT hREtNSujs-irrLut UAJiEiJLTUESDAY, SEPT3BMBBR 1, Itil . 7 -1 ' ' '' fL '- '""" " -t"- n ": - "--- . PACcscvitrWWfiP!!-g!l!-!!--B'-g!!g"l"""M"E"wwwBMV ETrdJi Hl? -J Mil n'j , Z n' I Jl" V ' I J esX Ctk X II ttu Tv 1BrownieI V LJ11W QPtBWB III A IUlaUIIC wwipasPj II .. V ' -ia witk3 I .II X genuine II -" - - GUUtU BWm II 17-. ..L f 17 ?i . .. Ixuicryufterc; rvriu . . , i III genuine Gillette using f, j II fAe same Vine Gillette , Won; af t II oiaaes iI Dealers " II The Brownie made bv . II r:ii-. . ji J X IV2iiiciic yuaramcca oy TV. II Gillette- , nT II Complete with 3 blades-$l M $ Q g II " 7 S1V3S II GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO lW- JA - . II Rn.An lie: a 7d 5 II J W II .No htarffts like mWs - I1 iiirrrr. t v 2:qGillette Blades CJJ, IHIIIHHMMIIHHWWWlWWHmMHimMmGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Might1 37 """ 299The Cripple Creek Camp, in Colorado, once the greatest gold campin the world, is coming into its ownagain, after a period of comparativeinactivity since 1918, with the reopening of many old workings andthe discovery of new veins of richore.Rich "surface" strikes recentlymade in the camp, "are drawingscores of prospectors to the camp,and, with new machinery being installed in numerous undergroundmines, Cripple Creek is staging areal '"come back" as a gold-producing, center.Finding rich gold ore at grassroots at the same time that newveins were disclosed at a depth ofmore than 2,500 feet below theearth's surface Is one of the"freak"developments of the new prosperityin the camp.Sol Cain, one of the pioneer prospectors of Cripple Creek, literally'stubbed his toe" on a body of oreof great extent and value, less thana dozen feet below the surface, ata point over which countless feethad trodden for thirty years sincethe precious metal was first locatedin the shadow of Pike's Peak, Cainistaking ore from his shallow shaftvalued as high, as $300 of gold tothe ton and has a real gold mine inthe making.Other important strikes have beenmade recently at or -near -the surface,-and mining men are declaringthat the day of the "grass rootmine" has returned.The famous- Portland mine, fromwhich millions of dollar's worth ofore have been taken in the past, haslocated an immense body of ore ata depth of 2,600 feet, the lowestproducing level in the State of Col-'orado and one is being taken fromthis new vein which has settled foras high as $10,000 to the ton at themill.Aster Hardy Perennial.The aster is one of the hardiestperennials, and is spread throughoutthe world. Most of the numerous varieties belong to North America undare found in abundance in the fields.They bloom mostly from the middleof July until the first frost and are aprominent feature of most flowerstores. Asters may be sown as earlyas the middle of March.Ct-3' JL" "iIIBht Yttvl 1 1lBHnkJBBjiVsVWSSW t wiUmfxWt n US?iB9.;jT1 r - -v.DrVr 'brr"rfcSSJ-vnThe Boys and Girls Store isMaking New FriendsEachDay'A.r-1There is a decided advantage in selection of apparel for infants little tots an I boys and girls up to the age of eighteenfrom the vast assortments assembled in this unique store forBoys and Girlsoccupying our entire sixth floor.Men and women of good taste and much experience, underwhose direction this store is conducted, gather from the fourcorners of the earth, for your approval, the latest modes ofquality wearing apparel for rThe Baby Little Boys Little Girls -.-Sturdy young chaps not yet in long trousers.i oung misses up to eignteen.Your visit will be appreciated. Rest reading writing andchecking rooms for your accommodation.&"cTTOand (aww (av - rtMNATt'S GREATEST STOKE. 'OtfNED !.CINCINNATI, OHIOt t.tr., r- , t- s-t 'ZSmttP fmx.-v -r- m. i - i.1; ..V ' . . . r .. orInteresting New discoveries onViewln London.Gravti of CourtTr:nd Royal Sr-vantat Abydo- Belong to Oatt' tt" -UnbtHivably VRtVhQta -at5,diD0 Vtarr B. C.London. Most Intensely Interestingare the relics brought' back by Prof.'Flinders Petrie, fiefreat Egyptologist,wufr hls.bolleaguei-frbml fhe "tombsneaV6yd&s 5?hecprecl6us fnilts of;lftst winter's search -are on view atUrilTwslty-college;' ' ' '--"The-graves at Abydos were those ofcourtiers -and 'royal servants 'of thefirst dynasty- kings, and the treasuresthat were' burled with' them belong toa date almost unbelievably remoteabout 5,000 years B. j. These tombswere not known -20 years ago whenProfessor Petrle explored tbe famoustombs of the first dynasty kings.There are hundreds of them, and It Isthought, from the evidence of 'manyburials at one time, that In thosetimes the servants of a king were sacrificed wholesale on Ms death.The bodies were not mummified butlying on their sides with their belongings round them finely-made flintknives, copper tools, and, of special interest, pieces used In games. Thereare some exquisitely carved figures oflions in Ivory, probably part of a gameIn which these nttle figures werepushed along a board in pursuit of ahare. There are delicate copperneedles, perhaps from the stock-in-tradeof the court dressmaker, and agreat deal of pottery and vessels inalabaster, all nearly perfect after 7,000years.One Is struck once more by the evidence of a very finished civilization inthe delicacy and refinement of theseImplements and decorations broughtfrom "the dark backward and abysmof time'The exhibition is rich In tablets oflater dynasties from the same site.One of the eighteenth dynasty is memorable because the dead man does notpray for funeral offerings in the common form, but only that the gods maygrant him "a heart that Is sweet everyday.". A great deal of important work wasdone also at Ozyrhynkhos, notably inexploration of the great Roman theater which held 10,000 people one ofthe noblest theaters of antiquity.GIRL, MA AND GRANDMA WEDRomance Revealed When Muriel Conkling of New York Marries BaronVan Reigersberg.New York. With the marriage ofMuriel Lorillard Ronalds Conkllng toBaron Louis Van Reigersberg, an ofii-cer of the First Royal Dutch hussarsin Holy Trinity church, London, It wasrevealed that three generations of onefamily have been married in a singlymonth.The mother of Baron Van Reigersberg's bride became Mrs. William P:Hollen at a secret wedding July 1,while her grandmother became Mrs.Stillman F. Kneeland at a fashionablewedding in Danbury. Conn., July 29.The baroness' stepfather-ln-law is aNew York lawyer, interested In thestage and motion pi'ctures. Her newstep grandfather-in-law is GeneralKneeland, who Is seventy-seven, andalso a "lawyer, well known In NewYork for nearly half V century.Car Hita Cow; Woman Killed. -Rochester, N Y. Mrs. CharlesBrasser of this city was killed and her.husband slightly injured when theautomobile the latter was driving ,pnthe, road 'to Naples, near here, crashed.Into a cow; .Mr. tBrasser lost controlui. iuc uihl'uuic uuu.ii yiuugeu urci anembankment. Mrs. .Brasser wasthrown' out, h'er head striking a" rock,f A passing p motorist, brought Brasserand the body of his wife 'Into Naples.Lion Ntar Crib.. Eureka, CaL Mrs.v J. Crlspo, wifeof a homesteader at BIgbarv awoke onemorning -tp discover -a large mountainHon crouched beside the crib whereher year-old child was sleeping. TheHon had entered through the opendoor of the -tent house. Mrs. Crlsposcreamed, awakening her husband,who seized his rifle and fired two shotsat the Hon. The lion escaped.Aged Land Turtle.Harrisburg, Pa. It is not often aland turtle receives recognition in astate report, but the forestry department has just received a communication from a gang of its men engagedIn building a road in Mifflin countytelling of the finding of a hard-shelledspecimen with the date "1842" carvedon its back.1 1 mm nu it 4c' Burglars Use Acid TestOn the Family SilverwareA literal application of theacid test was made by burglarswho ransacked the home of J. A.Gillies, Hamden Conn., duringthe family's absence. The burglars carii1" "'id with them totest the q. .y of the familyplate and, after discarding suchsilverware as did not measureup to their standard, took table-warevalued at $3,000. Fur;oats and sealskin- garmentswere taken at. their face value.' -"TaE-tTNarERSAL-CAtf"Ypu Need QneBuy-itNowwIt Insure. Heilth and PleasureIt willdncreate Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory Prices"You Get Service That Satisfies" JPay as YouJRide "Our Time Plan Makes It Easy- You Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTin-'OCnRUGGLEST iLMOTOR COMPANYParis,KentuckyiXMXlHXXXBBXiBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetxxM .&.. i&2oHjn ilBrQH. .ax -w( EtBF-tM i-.BWSSkrl ' US ' :s i-itaEESEiiSftTISFftCTION5 OUR WATCHWORD!yjj With all the latest improve-V vy.uiuiuui.utj UiyiHUJV-VQand expert helpers we artprepared to' do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGISjBHH5!BSS3S9S9MbWE will counseViyou when yojoeed our asiivtanceWe will Rrv von Ccourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the moatmodern methods ofour scientific profession.1v.- tMMtlliillls5 Isil-IUTwo -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July ISSecond Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN GHRISMAN CO?FLORISTSIHBoth Phoaas3hrtii-IIh1B&iirhonlNews -Advertisers JGet JEseolfs !, Ninteoth St, Near Maina man ,ifffSsnt. .. .. . j, .r stafeatfWKturpf '--wrcwtr -A -JL. ?cJ- czzznjCis-r . ."rW- I-fS i r i..-- ,THE ROIIRBON NEWS, PARIS, KEmVCKTtiKWIrr il MTUESDATSEPTBlfWll l iZFAG1 HGHTmmJyMILLERSBURGJtatartfting News Items From Bourbon County's College TownXMATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go Byj -DEATHSlT"JFvisitingMrs. Tom Prather is- friends in Lexington.Miss Louise Best, of Maysville,ls the guest of her aunt, Mrs. SallieMiller. 'Mrs. Rhoda Conway left yesterday for Paris, where she has secured' ifooms.Miss Jennie" Fisher left Monday-for Lexington to enter University ofKentucky.Miss Dalzell, of North MiddleTown, is the guest of Mr. and Mrs..JJames Hutsell.Mr. and Mrs. James Lail, ofeounty, spent Sunday with Mr. and3Irs. S. E. Bruce.Mr. Richard Metcalfe left Monday for Lexington to re-enter Tlni--versityof Kentucky.Mr. and Mrs. David Cassidylhave returned from a visit with relatives in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Hurst, Mr.-Jand Mrs. Samuel Cassidy, of Flemjingsburg, were guests Sunday of Mr.and Mrs. M. D. Hurst.; Mr. Seely, of Cincinnati, was,-as the guest of Dr. C." B. Smithiana Mrs. Smith, Saturday.Mrs. J. A. Butler has returned-from a visit with .her daughter, Mrs.tenable, at Campbellsville.Miss .Mabel Metcalfe left Mon-pday-forBe'rea College, where shejwlll Tesume her school work. (: : ..Mrand Mrs. E. N. Kerr united;Ifjy better with the Christian church'-satJOie morning service Sunday.;j IMiss Nannie Louise Best leftTriday for Ward-Belmont College,vNashville, Tenn., where she will bedirector of music..4. The public opening of M. M. I.will be held Tuesday morning. Everybody is cordially invited to be-present by Col. W. R.( Nelson.Misses Elizabeth Boston, Francis Shannon, Bernice and DorothyBonar left Monday for Lexington tonter University of Kentucky.Dr. Brosheer and Mrs. Brosheer,-of Middlesboro, were guests Sundayvf Mrs. Minnie Rule, who has been-very ill, but is much improved.The public opening of Millersburg College will be held Thursday.-snorning. Everyone is cordially incited to be present by Dr. C. C.JFisher.T A message waS received Fridayannouncing the birth of a son to Mr.jand Mrs. Kemper, in Gonzales, Texnas. Mrs. Kemper, before her marriage, was Miss Mattie Butler, of3Iillersburg.Members of the Methodistchurch gathered at the parsonageFriday night and gave their newpastor, Rev. Price Smith, and wife,a donation party, which was graciously received by them, after which-z. social hour was enjoyed by thosepresent.Wm.EWING SHYA. Shy, Jr., ofSpring-Life Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PaySLAVIN-Miss Kate Slavin, trained nurse,'flPid Ohio, and Miss Laura T. Ew- .iV Lexington, who sustained a stroke, , . , ,.. . 1T.J.of parlaysis in rans a iew mguiB .ago at the home of Judge and Mrs.H. Clay Howard, died Sunday night iin Lexingtonr where she was re- .moved for treatment. Miss Slavinhad been playing cards at the Howard home, where she had been nursing Mr. Joseph Clay, and had goneto the bathroom, when shewas" suddenly stricken with paralysis. MissSlavin was very popular with alarge circle of friends, who wereshocked to hear of her death.i-np- nf r.vnthiana. were marriedyesterday morning at the rectory orSt. Peter's Episcopal church, by therector, Rev. W. S. Cain. The attendants were Mrs. John T. McKee, arelative of the bridegroom, andClarence Ewing, brother of thebride. The bride is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Charles S. Ewing, ofCynthiana, and the bridegroom is ason of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. A. Shy, ofSpringfield, formerly . of Harrisoncounty.ROBERTS SHEFFIELDM. M. Sheffield, formerly Physical Director of the Bourbon CountyY. M. C. A. in this city, and MissRuth Roberts, daughter of Capt. A.J. Roberts, of Covington, were married in Covington, on August, 16, according to information which camerecently to friends of the groom andrelatives of the bride, in this city.The wedding was a very quiet oneand had been kept a secret on account of illness of relatives.The bride is a former student atthe Paris High School, - and is aniece of Mrs. J. W. Markland andMrs. Robert D. Mclntyre, of Palris.Mr. .and Mrs. Sheffield will reside inrankfoKtpuwhere Mr. Sheffield willthis week take charge of the workt Ehysical Director of theJY. M. C.A., of which his brother, M. W.Sheffield, is secretary.3ft5riisfiil vftv;-3HALAMO2:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren lOc"' v, ..-s.r "- r w- CLARKMrs. W. J. Ferguson,' of Paris,suffered a double bereavement in thedeath of two brothers. She was called to Nicholasville on account of thedeath of her brother, William Clark,following a prolonged illness, andwhile there was called to Richmond,Indiana, following the death of another brother, Thomas Clark. Thelatter was the victim of an allegedassault by a negro, who was said tohave struck -Mr. Clark in the headwith an iron bar, in an attempt '-atrobbery. Mr. Clark died without regaining consciousness. Wilson Clark,who died in Nicholasville, weighed420 pounds at the time of his death,and was said to be the largest andheaviest person in Jessaminecounty.DOUBLE WEDDINGA double wedding, in which twoof the principals, both of Bourboncounty, were brother and sister, tookplace in Jeffersonville, Indiana, Friday. They were two elopingcouples from the Spears Mills vicin:ity, Thomas Wilson, 20 years old,farmer, and Miss Margaret Hudnall,19, of near Spears Mill, and JesseSanders, 22, farmer, and Miss MabelWilson, 18, both of near Paris. Thetwo couples were united in a doubleceremony by the same minister.The young people left Paris Friday, presumably to attend the StateFair at Louisville. Miss Hudnall,now Mrs. Thomas Wilson, is adaughter of S. R. "Shady" Hudnall,recently of Paris, and a granddaughter of John Hudnall, ofSpears Mill. The intention of Mr.Wilson and Miss Hudnall was discovered by her grandfather in a letter left behind when they departed.Mr. Hudnall asked the authoritiesto intercept and detain the-elopers,but Cupid won out, and the youngpeople successfully eluded pursuitand defeated efforts to prevent theirmarriage.KELLER.SAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box OfficeII-00Tuesday ; DON'T FAIL TO SEE -TuesdayThe TANTALIZING, ADORABLE, ALLURING, LOVABLECLARA KIMBALL YOUNGrJfosAJ'JmffFrom the fascinating story of Sada Cowan. Here is a picture which presents the incomparable screen favorite at her best.ALSO MUTT AND JEFF IN MESSY CHRISTMASAND STANDARD COMEDY.Wedll6SClay What's the Biggest Problem in TOITIOrrOWModern Married Life? Money, of Course!GRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults 30cGallery 20cChildren 1 OcSEEINETHEL CLAYTON"Jfer Own 77t3 3ToneySee a new kind of Triangle play Husband, Wife and Money.ALSO PATHE NEWS AND A MEBMATD COMEDY.Thursday Just Look Who's Here! ThursdayPEARL WHITEin j( Virgin Paradise"See this great William Fox Picture triumph. Thousands of excitingthrills, a charming love -story, colorful, exciting and never lags in interest. ALSO MOVIE CHAT AND SNUB POLLARD COMEDY.A MOTHER'S COMPLAINTKEHL TEMPLINThrow iYojirOld fatAwayilti?SBWr SBBBBjw "SBBm Xl. - 3.1ia:-w. ..t&We are showingnew Fall Hats in thelatest colors andshapes.$3.50$6.00$5.00$6.50,For the man" who wearsaCap in the tweed, softfabrics and whjpcord$1.50 $2.00$2.50Price & Co.ClothiersvThe marriage of Miss EmilyDorothy Kehl, of Danville, Pa., andMr. Charles Landen Templin, ofPhiladelphia, formerly of Paris, wassolmenized Saturdaythe home of the bride's parents, inDanville, Pa. Only relatives and afew intimate friends were presentfor the ceremony. Following theceremonv a - wedding dinner wasserved, after which Mr. and Mrs.Templin left for a honeymoon tripto points of interest in the West.The bride is a very handsome andattractive young woman, the youngest daughter of Mr. Edward A. Kehl,a retired business man of Danville,Pa. Mr. Templin is the son of Mr.and Mrs. Thomas T. Templin, ofParis, and is a graduate oftjie ParisHigh School, and later of the College of Engineering at the Universityof Kentucky. He holds the responsible position of sales engineer withthe American Heating and Ventilating Company, of Philadelphia.Mr. and Mrs. Templin will arrivein Paris the latter part of this week.for .a Visit to the bridegroom's parents and members of the family,' onthe Georgetown pike. At the conclusion of their visit here they willgo to Richmond, Va., where theywill be located in the future.Following a long illness of neuritis and stomach trouble, Isaac N.Keller, aged seventy-one, one ofbest-known farmers of the county,died at 11:30 o'clock, Saturdaynight at his home near Kiserton.Mr. Keller had been in poor healthfor a long time. He visited severalhealth resorts, but none afforded relief.Mr. Keller was one of the -mostpopular men in the county, and hishome was at all times open and generous in its hospitality. He was anardent follower of field sports anda lover of the great outdoors. Hewas generous to a fault, jovial andfull of the fellow-feeling that puthis guests at ease at once. Hewas a successful farmer, and a manof whom it was often said: "He isone of the best men I ever knew."Mr. Keller was a son of the late Solomon and Elizabeth Keller, of Bourbon county.He is survived by his widow, Mrs.Nannie Kiser Keller; one daughter,Mrs. Earl Larkin, of Paris; one son,Edward Keller; one sister, Mrs,Persley Spears, of Missouri; and onebrother, Jacob Keller, of Kiserton.The funeral was held at the family home near Kiserton,, yesterdaymorning at 10:30 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.afternoon, atTne burial followed in the Parisnpmpt-prv ' 'hfi nan - Hearerswere: Kenney "Kiser, Miller Kiser,William Kiser, Kiser Smith, JeffSmith and Snell Keller.(New York Tribune)The psychology of the oppositionto daylight saving is in many wayscurious. A correspondent wrote usthe other day a mother who complained that ''under v the new regimeher children didn't get enough sleep.They couldn't, she insisted, go tosleep while' there was still light inthe sky, but she mentioned in thenext breath the two-hour middaynap which those same children hadjust been taking, as usual, on theirsunny southern porch.Do most mothers of children object to daylight saving? It is opento doubt. Their annoyance, so faras it goes, can best be explained byreference to' the general rule thatnew troubles are more vexatiousthan those one has grown used to.With daylight saving in effectmothers have difficulty, for a monthor two in 'midsummer, in puttingtheir children to sleep in the earlyevening, but the fact that they havecorrespondingly less difficulty inkeeping them asleep in the earlymorning is likely to go unnoticed.However this may be, child specialists are apparently unanimous inindorsing daylight saving as ablessing to children, small and big,and many mothers atwith them.REAL ESTATE DEALSAt the court house in Paris, Saturday Auctioneer George D. Speakessold publicly for Master Commission Hinton, the life interest in theestate of Charles Coleman, colored,consisting of a five-room house andlot, located on Seventh street, to the-Bourbon Lumber Company, for$210.Mr. and Mrs. Jack Wilson tiavesold their cottage at 1842 Cliftonavenue, in this city, to Mrs. AnnieEwalt, of Seventh street, at the reported price of $2,500. Mr. -andMrs. Wilson will sail on October 1for Cuba, where Mr. Wilson willtake a position as electrical engineerfor a large sugar refining company.A deed transferring title of 132acres of land, on the "Versailles pike,near Lexington, to Robert J. Talbott, for $43,000, has been filed forrecord in the office .of the FayetteCounty Clerk, at Lexington. Mr.Talbott is a former resident ofBourbon county, residing on what isBIRTHSMr. and Mrs. Irvine F. MoPheeters are the proud parents of afine baby boy, born yesterday morning, at the Massie Memorial Hos;pital. The new arrival tipped thescales' at ten pounds. The motherwas formerly Miss Wilson, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Priest Kemper, ofGonzoales, Texas, are rejoicing overthe arrival of a fine baby boy, bornlast week at their home in that city.Miss Kemper was formerly MissMattie Butler, of Millersburg,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. A.Butler.TELEPHONE 0PEEAT0E TO PUB.HSH EXPEEIENCESGoldie Palmer, telephone operatorin a big Los Angeles hotel, is topublish a book of her experiences.She says she will not tell too much,but here are some of the things shedoes say: That a woman usuallyhas the last word; that the most ap-now known as the Stanhope Wiede- preciative telephone patrons are themann farm, on the Georgetown , wealthy and those used to luxurypike, until he sold it to D. G. Taylor' and the movie folks; that the mostand T. T. Templin.The least convincing person is thetroublesome ""are lounge lizards andtheir friends, and that the worst ofall are peopled who believe a tele-least agree ' one who tries to explain a foolish phone system never gets out of or-action.der.REDMONMAN WHO CAN'T STOP(Glasgow Times)Cy. Burton, journeyman printer,came to Glasgow Sunday "via thebrake beam. He hit The Times officefor "a sit" and rode out of town afew days later on a cushion."Don't you get tired -of this life,"we asked Cy, after he had recitedhis experience in tramping summer in the North and winter in theSouth all over the country; thenhe answered, "Yes, I do; but it's--hard to quit. I blow here and thenthere, and rarely ever stay anywhereover two weeks. I often wish I couldstick on some of the steady jobs Idrift into."Educated,. a shrewd judge of human nature, and a splendid conversationalist, Burton is the rare typeof wanderer who scorns the title"tramp printer" and calls himself ajourneyman. With a rule case, deftfingers and creative brain, his stockin trade, he drifts and drifts, withnowhere his home.And his like is passing fast. Thelinotype barred him from the citydaily; automatic machinery is killinug him in the job shop and hisgoing is like the passing of a pleasant dream of the grand old dayswhen everything was tan& set, andthe corner saloon was the meetingplace after the -"stg;waJrupC,'A message received in Paris,Friday, told of the death at Warsaw,North Coralina, of Horace Redmon,aged forty, a former resident ofParis, who had been engaged in thetobacco business in that place forseveral months.Mr. Redmon- had been very illfrom the effects of an affection of1 the throat, and for some time preceding his death had been under thecare of a specialist at a Richmond,Va., hospital, in the Jiope of obtain-4ng relief. The disease made steadyprogress, and Mr. Redmon was sentback to his home at Warsaw, wheredeath came to his relief.Mr. Redmon was a son of JohnRedmon, of Paris, and had spentpractically all his life in Paris. Inlate years he had been employed atthe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse, inthis city, on the loose leaf salesfloors, and also at other points inthe same business in the city. During the past summer he had been inWarsaw, in the tobacco business inwhich his father-in-law Mr. Draughton, was engaged. While in Warsawhe was married to Miss Draughton,daughter of his employer. To thisunion a child was born. After hisfirst season in Warsaw, Mr. and Mrs.Redmon came to Paris and wereguests at the home of Squire andMrs. George Redmon, on Cypressstreet.Besides his widow and their littleson, Mr. Redmon is survived by hisfather, John Redmon, of Lexington;one brother, Emmett Redmon, ofCincinnati, and one sister, Mrs. Jas:1F. Lee, of Philadelphia, Pa. He waffa nephew of Miss Imogene Redmon,"Mrs. Edward Speakes and King"Redmon, Mrs. Edward Speakes andKing Redmon, all of Paris.In accordance with the wishes ofMrs. Redmon, the funeral and interment took place at Warsaw, Saturday morning. ,School ShoesSpecials!Bring in the boys and girls all this week o our store andbuy shoes made to give wear and satisfaction at moneysaving prices. Dependable stylish" footwear , at a greatsaving in price. Buy at this store" and save the difference.frOTICE TO TAXPAYERS.THE TIME LIMIT IS GROWINGSHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IN THECOURT HOUSE, AND LIST. YOURTAXES. rBEN V00DF0RD, :f TAX COMMISSIONER.Boys' School Shoe Special Newestfall styles in Tan Leather; Rubberheels; all solid. Special t$2.99Boys' School Shoes in tan -and black.Great for wear. All sizes 13 to 6$1.99Greatest clean-up Hn White CanvasValues $2.50 and$1.00. $1.25 andat half "price.$3.0Q . Choice. .$1.49S - f 4t4 ftFinal reductions on all remainingOxfords and Slippers. Get yousto-day while we have your siz$uThe savings are worth while.Ladies' $3.00 and $3.50 Oxfordsin tan leathers, low heels. Choice tS1.95tfVLadies Black Satin Strap Slippers.All style heels. Also in patent.Choice$2.85Misses' newest fall styles SchoolShoes combining -style,- comfortand long wear. Special .$2.49POSNER BROScDAN COHENrf J ij&&-?'-.ns4is336 MAIN STREET-"-;. - "'.; Z.i:Jut- -- - T"' Vtfcs-ae'.yr--s.4ijfcs -siEf5.uiKit. Hl'C.'iWrft.vsiW .3e ij.Vt"S ?-j2L''vuC&! X- f'.'ti:s2hk ".. - a."'.-'''--; fev. rtXE Jf Ve -a&$5 teY& msa.j"-irf. jV