.Vl ,t ,i.v-Vit ' iR v -?!.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY; TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 19224i5THEBOURBONh H V V H"48STATE CONVENTION DISCIPLES TWO AITTOMOBIIJECCIJJENTS.or chbist ' :Robert Pollitt, son of Miv and Mrs.The nineteenth, annual State con- John Pollitt, of near Paris, was sevention of the Disciples of Christ j riously injured about the head andopened its session at the Christian .chest in an. auto accident-which' occliurch last night in the presence of , curred early Saturday evening ona large audience, .ueiegaies oeganarriving early in the afternoon, andwere assigned to home of niembersof the Paris church. The session oflast night was in the nature of anintroductory to the main program,which will be given daily up to andincluding Friday.The program last night openedwith Dr. W. Hume Logan, of Louisville, presiding. Dr. A. D. Harmon, who was recently elected president of Transylvania College, delivered an inspiring address alongeducational lines. Dr. VernonStauffer, of the College of theJBible,at Transylvania College, also delivered an address. The conventionadjourned to meet this morning,when the feature will be the proceedings of the Kentucky Women'sMissionary Society. Dr. R. H. Miller, pastor of the -Independent Boulevard Christian church, of KansasCity, will be the principal speakerat the morning session. Other speakers for the afternopn will be Mrs.James Ogden, missionary to Thibet;Mrs. V. C. Carpenter, missionary toDajoas, and Jesse Bader of St. Louis,Superintendent of Evangelism forthe United Christian MissionarySociety. The evening address willbe made by Rev. J. C. Ogden, missionary to Thibet.Many of the outstanding leadersof the church, together with -a number of those from the Nationalbody, have been given places on theprogram. The convention has beenplanned along the lines of an educational conference.NEWS OF THE COUBTSDeputy State Game Warden A. W.Bullock is making things most decidedly warm for violators of thefish and game laws, as evidenced byrecent prosecutions obtained in thelocal courts. John Steagall, of Seamond's Mills, near North Middletown, who was arrested by GameWarden Bullock on a charge ofhunting without the necessarylicense, was arraigned before ActingCounty Judge Frank P. Lowry, andfined $18.50.oWELL DEILLEEW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)EflDEiDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYWILL GIVE$5.00 in GOLD $5.00TO ANYONE PURCHASING A "COAT-SUITDRESSAMOUNTING TO $25.00 OR MORE, WE DO THISJBECAUSE SS 1WE MUST MAKE UP FOR fcTHE Iffi-jLOSS OF SATURDAY'S BUSINESSDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYthe Winchester pike, near Paris.Mr. Pollitt and Miss Mabel Lawrence were driving in the Pollittmachine, and as they approached apoint on the road ne,ar the FrankClay farm, they saw a machine infront of them, apparently in troublewith no tail lights. Another machine coming in the opposite directon, blinded Mr. Pollitt, who lostcontrol of his auto, plunging intothe machine ahead of him, whichwas occupied by Sanders Roe, ofStony Point, en route to Paris.Both machines were damaged, Pollitt's car being ditched. Pollitt'sright leg was broken, his upper jawbone broken in two places, and hisright eye knocked out. His companion escaped with a few slightbruises. Mr. pollitt was taken tothe Massie Memorial Hospital.In a collision which occurredyesterday morning at the entranceof the covered bridge on the Georgetown pike, between an automobiledriven by Walter Kenney, Jr., and atruck belonging to the RaymondConstruction Co., of Cynthiana, theKenney machine was demolished.Mr. Kenney escaped without seriousinjury. The driver of the truck sustained a severe gash on the rightside of the head, and other seriousinjuries. The truck was coming toward Paris and in endeavoring topass both machines were struck, theKenney machine being pushed underneath the big truck. The truckdriver was brought to Paris, wherehis injuries were given attention.BTJENS PROPERTY AT AUCTION.Thp R. L. Burns bungalow,onVine street, at public sale, by Harriis, Speakes & Harris, on Saturday,September 30, at two o'clock, p. m.Read the display ad in THE NEWS.(26-29)ICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half -gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Anv one having packers,willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.AWAY TREEJWL.V0Vs.BASE BALLSUNDAY'S RESULTSParis 5, Lexington 6.Maysville 10, Cynthiana 1.Mt. Sterling 3, Winchester 1.THURSDAY'S GAMESParis at Cynthiana.Mt. Sterling at Maysville.Lexington at Winchester.SATURDAY'S GAMESWinchester at Paris.Cynthiana at Lexington.Maysville at Mt. Sterling.SUNDAY'S GAMESWinchester -at Paris.Cynthiana at Lexington.Maysville at Mt. Sterling.CLUB STANDINGWonPARIS.. .. .. ..21Cynthiana 21Lexington 17Mt. Sterling 16Maysville. . . . . 16Winchester 11Lost Pet.13 .61813 .61817 .50017 .48518 .47123 324.Mammothshard-foughtMaysville and thecame together in agame at League Park Thursday, inwhich the game was anybody's forquite a time. Paris came from behind in the eighth inning, and madea last inning finish, the score, 8 to7, being finally chalked up for thevictors. Rumage started on thetwirling mound for the Mammoths,but gave way to Cotter in thethird inning, after five runs hadbeen made off his delivery. One ofthe features of the game was thehitting by Wunker, of the Mammoths, who drove out four hits.Cicona lined out a three-bagger.Maysville scored three runs in .thethird, one each in the seventhand eighth, Paris putting acrossone in the second and third, two inthe fourth, and two each in thesixth and eighth. The summary:Two-base hits Wunker, Kresser,Hurst. Three-base hits Cicona.Stolen bases Glass, Bosken. -Sacrificehits Nippert, 2; Fortner.Double plays Fortner to Kresser toHarding. Hits off Rummage, 2 in2 1-3 innings; off Brakefield, 4 in4 innings. Struck out by Cot-tr i- hv -Rnskin 2 Ttasp nn halls-, , , -- - - -off Rummage. 1: off Brakefield, 3Hit batsman by Brakefield (Winger) ; by -Basken (Engle.) Wildpitch Brakefield. Time of game1:50. Umpire Cooker.Remember that sentence in theLexington Herald, relative to themeeting of Lexington and Paris,Friday: "While the Studes arebeating Paris, Saturday,, etc, Andremember how the" game came to bea runaway for Paris?The Mammoths trimmed theStudebakers Saturday afternoon atLeague Park by the one-sided scoreofv12 to 2, and but for an error inthe field it would have been a shutout for Lexington. Shaw startedthe game on the mound for Lexington, but gave way in the fifth inning to Walton, who fared but little better. Both the Lexingtontwirlers were wild, and when theydid put them over the plate theParis sluggers pounded them to allparts of the lot. Wills, who started,the game for Paris on the twirlingmound, was hit by a batted ball inthe fifth inning, and was forced- toretire, being succeeded by Rummage, who held the Lexington teamat his mercy the rest of the game.Lexington staged a rally in the fifthinning, which enabled them to scoretwo runs, due to haTd hit by Ellis,on which he scored, being followedafterward by Resitenberg. Thehitting of Maples, Nippert, Wunkerand Brockman, for Paris, and Ellis,kfor Lexington, featured the game.A one-handed catch by Amato featured forLexington in the fielding.Paris scored five runs in the fifthinning and followed it up in thesixth by scoring five more.The fortunes that follow along thelines of baseball favored the Lexington team in, the breaks that happened in Sunday's game, when theStudes came back strong after theirignominious defeat in Paris Saturdayand won the game by a score of 6to 5. Speak of bad luck, isn't itawful to make four home " runs inone game and then lost out That'swhat happened to the Mammoths atLexington Sunday. It is hard fromthis point to put the blame for thedefeat, but just charge it to circumstances. The Paris sluggers battedFarms, Lexington pitcher hard, butnot often enough, while Lexingtonhit safely in driving in runs. Fourof: the seven Paris hits were homeruns. Nippert making two, and theothers by Winger and Maples. Theother Paris run came in the seventhon errors by Resitenberg and Amato, allowing Brockman to score.Winger's homer in the first inning,Nippert's in the second and seventhand Maple's in the fourth. Lexington took advantage of errors madeby the Paris team, and got hitswhere hits were needed. Cotter,who started the game xf or Paris, waslyilleDID YOUiflSE "THE ITEBYCROSS?"The appearance on the horizonof a large fiery cross, standing high! be one of the world's most daringabove the surrounding sky line, in woman balloonists, made good herEast Paris, about nine o'clock, Sat- claim in two ascents made in Paris,urday night, gave rise to considera-! Saturday and Sundav afternoons,ble speculation, and wonderment to 'her feat being witifeed by largethose whose 'attention was attracted j crowds of interested and thrilledby the unsual sight. Preceding the spectators. ,appearance of the cross several loud I The first ascent was made at areports, as of dynamite explosions, j late hour Saturday afternoon, dutwere heard from the same vicinity, to various delays in, getting ready,causing the timid to wonder what and to the further fact that thewas going on. Some overanxious 'large crowd attending the Parisperson sent in a fire alarm calling ' Lexington ball game wanted to seethe fire department to 'the scene, the ascension. Both ascensionsbut it developed their services were i were made from the Murphy lot onnot needed. There was a rush to , Second street. The first was. madethe scene, but when those who got j in an atmosphere in which scarcelythere found out what was going on a ripple seemed apparent. Missthey beat a hasty retreat. Jeager went up about eight nun-It developed that the appearance dred feet, and at that height, shutof the fiery cross was the unique off the balloon valve, and made hermethod taken by the Knights of the descent by jumping from one para-ivu-Klux Klan to announce to thepeople of Paris their organizationhere. It is said that "The InvisibleEmpire" already has an organization in this county with a member-ship of several hundred. No one inthe large crowd that went to EastParis could reveal any knowledge ofwhat had been going on, but allwere content to return, some hurriedly, one gentleman losing his hatand fine cigar in his hurry.The blazing cross, thirty feet inheight, occupied a prominent position on a bluff on the Marsh farm,and could- be seen for a long distance. The cross presented a brilliant and awe-inspring sight, asviewed "from Main street, and wasseen by hundreds of people. In thevicinity of the cross residents whohad been attracted by the sight andby the explosions, thought the dynamite house belonging to the countyhad exploded, and were in terror until they learned the cause.oFOOT BALL SEASON OPENS- The first game of the 19 2" 2 'football season in Paris was played Friday afternoon on Hancock Field between the Paris High School andCarlisle High School teams. In thefirst quarter Paris received the balland scored the first touchdown ineight minutes. The ball was advanced by hard line plunges andwas finally carried over the line byLfnllback Taylor. Soon after tnesix ,, .start of the second quarter Deacon,the fast little halfback, made apretty broken field run of twentyyards for the second and last touchdown of the game.Both attempts at the goal failed,leaving the score Paris 12, Carlisle0. The half ended with the ball inmidfield. The second half startedwith Carlisle receiving the punt andit seemed as if they would rush theParis boys off their feet, but theywere stopped withing .striking distance of the goal. Paris punted the iball back up the field and kept itthere the remainder of the game,mtte'game was witnessed by a largecrowd of enthusiastic fans. Officialsof the game were: Nash, Georgetown, referee, Arnsparger, Center,umpire; Thomas, Kentucky, headlinesman,Prospects are that Paris is starting on its greatest football year.The new athletic field given over tothe school by A. B. Hancock has theappearance of a real college turf.Three hundred and sixty studentshave already joined the High SchoolAthletic Association for the yearand others are coming in. Nine letter men of last year are back on thesquad with twenty-five new ones outfor practice daily. Jimmie' Deacons,of Eminence, a new man on thesquad this year, is one of the bestrecruits Paris has had for years. InClay Ward the P. H. S. has one ofthe best high school coaches in theState. For three years he wastackle or end on the University ofVirginia team, and in 1917 he wascaptain of the team.-ok CABD OF THANKSMr. R. H. Mattox and family appreciate the kindness, sympathy andattention of friends and neignDorsduring the illness of wife and mother, Mrs. R. H. Mattox.rfinlaced in the fourth inning byRummage. Lexington's winning run (was made when Nutter sent a sriple ,hit over Cicona's head, and,scored on Hailman's miss of Cicon'sthrow-in.Beginning Thursday, September28, the schedule of the Blue GrassLeague has been revised so as topermit a game, being played eachday until the schedule is completed.The revised schedule will be as follows: Thursday, September 28Paris at Cynthiana; Friday, September 29 Winchester at Paris; Satur-,day, September 30; Lexington atParis; Sunday, October 1 Win-'Chester at Paris; Monday, October 2' Paris at Winchester; Tuesday October 3 Paris at Winchester; Wed-,nesaayuciooer x-ua- . c.-.FAMOUS WOMAN BALLOONISTVISITS PABISMiss Stella Jeager, who claims tochute to another, three in all. Shelanded safely in the rear of theFuhrman barn, a short distancefrom the starting point. She wasvigorously cheered and applaudedfor her daring act. Sunday afternoon, due to threatening weatherand cross currents, the ascent waslate, but the daring sky-skimmermade the trip safely. The balloonrose gracefully and was carriedacross the city at a height of abouteight hundred feet to a point overthe Hancock farm, on the Winchester pike, where the parachute jumpwas again made safely.Miss Jeager has had a number ofunusual experiences. One nightshe landed in three feet of water;once she landed on top of a fivestory business house, and once, after night she landed on a pile ofrocks, receiving bruises and straine'dligaments, but not enough to prevent her from undertaking her regular program the following day.Miss Jeager is a native of Middletown, Ohio. She has appeared intowns all over the United States,and is everywhere recognized as oneof the most daring workers in herperilous business.NOTICE TO TAXPAYEBS.THE TIME LIMIT IS GB0WIN&SHOBT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONEB'S OFFICE IN THECOUBT HOUSE, AND LIST YOUBTAXES.BEN W00DF0BD,TAX COMMISSIONED. .Anyone Whose Last Name Begins WithF or P will be Admitted FREE to theALAMO TBY, SEPT. 28, '22se f tool's traradiseFill out the lines below and present to Cashier for' FREE TICKETNameAddress .' .When Born..(Just the month, 'not the year) ."THE BANKThe Value ofPrestigeThis bank has always realized thatjT Mprestige could not be bought, nor .procured except by honorable service. ,The prestige we enjoy today arisesfrom-our good reputation, and is abusiness asset to those maintainingchecking accounts here.Where do you "bank?Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00surplus and undivided profits; $i5,n.n ,v:PABIS POLICE CHIEF DT WDfcC5ESTEB COUBTIn the Clark Circuit Court, atWinchester, the jury in the case ofWillie McCormack against Chief- ofPolice Fred Link, of Paris, Patrolman Wallace Strode, of Winchester, and their sureties, and HarryBaldwin, of Paris, couldn't agreand were discharged.McCormick, who is in the employof the Martin Chemical Co., in Winchester, asked $5,000 damages, because he alleged, he suffered froman alleged false arrest by Chiefof Police Link and Patrolman .Strode, in November, 1&21. Thl dfr-iffense maintains that the plaintiffwas not arrested, but was question-ed in connection with the burglaryof Harry Baldwin's store, in Paris,because he was alleged to have been 'in company with a man suspected ofthe crime.The jury in the case of Henry V.Thompson, formerly of Bourboncounty, against four fire insurancecompanies to collect amounts aggregating $7,500 for destruction of hisinsured dwelling, in Winchester-returneda verdict in favor of Thompson. When the case was tried in -thelast term of the Clark CircuitCourt, a hung jury resulted.ENGINEEB INJUBEDCharles Wright, formerlyof&atParis, well-known and popular L.N. engineer, was badly injuredLivingston, Sunday, while makingrepairs on his engine. A steampump on which he was workingblew out, a large fragment striking:him on the arm, breaking it in twoplaces. Another piece struck himin the face, knocking out one eyeand inflicting other serious injuries. Mr. Wright was given -first-aidtreatment and removed to theCorbin Hospital for temporarytreatment.Mr. Wright resides in Covington.He was for many years a resident of.' Paris, his run now being from Cov-ington to Corbin. He is very popular here and has a host of friendswho regret to learn of his accident.NEW HOUSE FOB. SALENEW 7-B00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTBIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONN0BTH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UBB0N LUMBEB CO.(nov25-tfOF SERVICE".tZ -'IfJ&jt -i Ji .-t r vva"jj; wv.-,. jt' -RAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2ft 1922Tv ;UVmTHE BOURBON NEWSliUHtked 18fU 41 Years of Continuous PublicationSmfctiiked Every Tuesday and FridayTear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.flered at the Paris, Kentucky,rwtoffie as Mail-Matter of theSecond Class.)OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTA- TIVES.Hew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.-Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati -Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perach lor first time; 50 cents per inch&ch subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line-ach issue; reading notices in black-iye 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise--ient8and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto 'decline any advertisement ormother matter for publication.Announcements for political offices-snust invariably be accompanied by&e cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsTHE BOURBON NEWS- will beladly corrected if brought to theAttention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSThe kiddies are back in school2iow, and the teachers have a chanceto estimate just what it must meansto be a parent.Well, we can view the passing ofr fobbed hair without a twinge of regret provided no movement is startled for a revival of the "rat."The world won't go broke if youfail to make good; but it may-wear a scar somewhere because youdidn't come through when needed.'The flapper who swears she's sixteen in order to get a chauffeur'slicense is likely to be embarrasedabout six years from now when sheanswers "nineteen" at the CountyClerk's office.An advertisement in a recentstssue of the Louisville Courier-Jour--salis headed: "One Hundred Ways"To Make Money." This won't do,It gets one muddled. What we yearnfor is knowledge of one sure way to-snake money.After many years' observation andfrom the results of much listening,ve have come to the conclusion thatsail the wisdom in the world is contained in the following pertinent rerxnark by the late J. G. Holland:-"Gossip. is always a personal confession either of malice or imbecility."These sex-murders are always-nauseating to the decent public,-which has to stand for a lot of roten. stuff put on it by the enterprising "yellow press," which plasters-he front page with rank reportor--3.almesses, dished up in the latestjaollywood style. Is this merry oldworld going to the demnition bow-vwows?"""What is that noise?" the good wifeasked,Tin sudden terror quaking;"JEIer husband soothed her: "Do notfear, sTis but the dawn breaking;"'AIas, alas;" the wife cried out,'""That hired girl needs a thumping,-She'll have us out of house andhome,"She's always dropping something."Anxious Inquirer comes to the-aCront again this week with another-cquery: "Is it good breeding to starejaX a lady in a ball room who hasn't-x)n more clothes than decency allows?" v Well, dear Anx, this is a stunner,surely, The conventional rules of-polite society allow you to stare as-nuch as 3rou want to. Why do you-suppose the lady wears such decollete costumes unless to expose herself and invite the attention of masculine eyes, Yea, brother or sisrter, why, indeed?Fair-minded Paris people can not3?ass up the opportunity of protesting against the rule of the owners-.of the Paris baseball club which-compels women to pay an extra fifteen cents for the privilege of sit--tinin the grand stand during alt)ll game. Can it be expected thatthey shall spreadeagle on the bleachcra, like mere common men? Whereelae are they to go but in thegrandstand? And what can justifytke management in forcing them toipey for the privilege, when ""theykave mo other place to go? In theTjBiTTjje c-ckijalry,ana7of the womenof Paris ndxthe county; change theruling, and r give the women achance. fcNow that long skirts are goingto be the vogue, mothers canswitch their old short ones to theirtwelve-year-old daughters, but rigging out the flapper is going to behard on father's pocketbook.The autumn leaves are turningred, but the autumn bolshevis isthe coal mine operator who desiresa dictatorial dictatorship of thegang that has the coal and looksserenely forward to getting all hewants.There was a Paris man so benightedWho never knew when he wasslighted;He went to a party,And ate just as heartyAs if he'd been really invited.Billie Burgess, a Milwaukeenewspaper reporter, has become aBritish lord. A good bedtime storyfor newspaper men to tell theirchildren. They will believe it originated with a superior of HansChristen Anderson.One gathers that President Mapother, of the Louisville & Nashvillerather enjoys this opportunity, thefirst which has come to him, of informing those whom it may concern that, when he enters into anendurance test, he never quits.oOUR aUOTA 0E SOAP(New York Herald)If all the soap that is manufactured annually in the United Statescould be floated and much of itcould be it would represent a tonnage not greatly less than that ofthe United States Navy, battleships,cruisers, destroyers, submarines,transports and all. The bureau ofthe Census has just issued figuresfor 1919 according to which 2,432,591,000 pounds of soap was manufactured in the United States thatyear. That is 1,216,295 tons. Thesefigures are for all forms of soap.Figured on the basis of the present estimated- population of thecountry there is produced each yeartwenty-two pounds of soap for everyperson in the country, althoughthere is perhaps no commoditywhich varies more in point of individual consumption than this one.More soap is being produced in proportion to the population than inthe output of twenty years agoabout five pounds more for everyindividual in the country.oWOMEN'S WOESParis Women Are Finding ReliefAt LastIt does seem that women havemore than a fair share of the achesand pains . that afflict humanity;they must "keep up," must attendto duties in spite of constantlyaching backs, or headaches, dizzyspells, bearing-down pains; theymust stoop over, when to stoopmeans torture. They must walkand bend and work with rackingpains and many aches from kidneyills. Keeping the kidneys well hasspared "thousands of women muchmisery. Read of a remdy for kiefneys only that is endorsed by people you know.Mrs. J. R. Moore, 133 E. Eighthstreet, Paris, says: "I was in badshape with my kidneys. My backnearly killed me with pain. ThereJ was a steady, dull ache just overmy kidneys and I was weak andmiserable. I often had to let myhousework go undone and I got sodizzy, black specks came before myeyes. My feet and ankles swelled.I doctored for a time but got no relief until I began using Doan's Kidney Pills. My health was greatlyimproved in a short time and twoboxes cured me. It is a pleasurefor me to recommend Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Moore had. Foster - Mil -burn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.HANG ONDon't get excited and throw up thegameJust because some happy prospectwent lame,Stick to the ship, and still hope justthe sameFor there's always' another day coming. Don't let your courage fall down before your fears,Don't let your happiness scatter intears.Pay no attention to scoflings andjeersFor there's always another day com-ing.One little hour with a colud in thesky.One little hour with a cloud in theand dry,These things don't count in thesweet by-and-byFor there's always another day coming. 'oDempsey may fight Joe BeckettLondon, if enousrh British -nuro tn'gee a joke. s" " J.ft& rf- mgmfa? S"SjDEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN BOOK,1922One hundred and thirty-two pages mer vacations with flat pocket booksof facts, figures and arguments ' and jaded bodies, strained by toomake the Democratic Campaign I much sight seeing, too long motorBook for 1922 a valuable source of ing, or indulgence in physical exinteresting and valuable informa-1 ercises to which their muscles weretion r.onoemine: the failures and not accustomed. Yet for all thatfaithlessness of the Harding administration and the permanent achivements of the two preceding Democratic administrations.This Campaign Book will prove ofindispensible usefulness not only tocandidates, speakers and officials ofthe present campaign but also to thevoter, man or woman. The statistical matter and all the data regarding Taxation, the Tariff, Governmental Expenditures, are .from authoritative sources. Many of theindictments of the present Republican officials and editorials appearing in Republican newspapers.All the issues of the present campaign are fully treated. The bookwill be a guide also to the understanding of the national campaignof 1924.Individual copies of the Democratic Campaign Book will be supplied free of charge to NationalCommitteemen and Committeewomen, State Chairmen, County Chairmen, Democratic candidates for theSenate and House of Representatives, listed Democratic speakers andto Democratic editors. The price toothers and for extra copies will beten cents the copy.oPLAGUE OF LAWSProbably almost any person except an ambitious member of aFederal or State Legislature willagree to the claim that the UnitedStates has more laws than are goodfor the people.There are basic interests of Stateand Nation which should be setforth by specific legislation, but thisdoes not apply to the large majorityof measures too.The needs of the public in thematter of legislation do not alwaysseem to be considered of so muchconcern as the desire of .some Legislator to earn a reputation in statesmanship. Many hundreds of bills introduced in Congress do not get out ofcommittees, but many others, withlittle more excuse for enactmentcumber the statute books.Instead of passing so many laws,which only confuse the public, theinterests of the people would probably be served if a little time weregiven to repeal of the useless legislation. As long as Congress and Legislatures are made topheavy by the desire of districts for representation,the surfeit of lawmaking is likely tocontinue indefinitely.oFISH JUMPED OVER HEAD(Smith Grove Times)Hugh Lander had a wonderfulexperience with a jumping bass;which he finally captured out ofNolin.Lander left his pole and reel onthe dam and wandered down theriver with two companions. Whenhe returned he found all of his linerun out from the reel and the linecaught some distance away fromhim on a rock. He jumped off inthe water and waded down to therock and got his line loose. Thenhe began his fight with the fish. Hewas standing waist deep in the water and the bass was churning thewater. At one time he got thefish close up to his side and thoughthe had him, but he gave one monster jump and went over Lander'shead. He then started down thestream with Lander and this expertangler was a little disconcerted bythis jumping bass, but still held atight line on him. Finally, afterhe was nearly worn out, the fishgave up and he was able to get hisfinger through his gills and landedhim.OF COURSE HE WAS INTERESTED The other day THE NEWS manwas walking down Main street. Aman coming from the 'opposite direction, reading a paper, and notnoticing whither hiss feet wpto lnri-J ing him, collided with THE NEWSman. The other fellow suffered abroken shin, several smashedcorns, a straw hat crushed and apair 'of shell-rimmed spectaclesvery badly broken up. Upon examination the fact developed that theinjured man was so absorbed inreading THE BOURBON NEWSthat he did not know there wasanyone else on the street. "I've noapology to make, sir," said the reader, "because I was so interested inTHE NEWS that I didn't noticewhere you were going." "No needto apologize." said THE NEWSman, "for it would be perfectly natural lor anyone to become interested in reading THE NEWS."oPlump Wives Preferred.The Moors, like the Turks and other"orientals, have a preference for plumpwives, and throughout the empire ofMorocco and in Tunis there are villages where the elder members of theadult papulation make a profession offattening young women for the matrimonial market of Ba"bary.o-Honey That Intoxicate.The honey obtained on the" banks of.the Euphrates is of an Intoxicatingnature. , .':w? P " ? Vfy- ry -t'WRETURNING FROM VACATIONMany people come back from sum-they are usually well satisfied, andwould not have their money back ifthey could.Many of- these folks, however,take up their old job with a sigh ofdespondency, and wish their wanderlust might be satisfied bytraveling all the time. The humdrum sights and sounds of dailylife seem more depressing thanusual. They often speak of puttingon old harness, and they feel like ahard-worked horse whose skin hasbeen chafed and worn by ill fittingstraps and buckles.The really ambitious person usually learns something during a vacation that will be useful in hiswork. He should have new ideaswhich he is anxious to try out. Evenif he brought nothing like thishome and his playtime was purely afrolic, he should be able to see histask in a new light.Most people tend to get into thehabit of routine work, doing theirjob just the same day after day.This is particularly true of women,for whom cooking and sweeping andwashing dishes seem the same yesterday and forever. The mental eyegets dull in the midst of this sameness. The rested brain should beable to take up home and industrialproblems with a new vigor and seethings hidden before.. N" Too many people unfortunate donot get these satisfactions that come"from travel. A multitude of workers have had more vacation thanthey want the past year, and canundertake no journeyings. Whencommunity life reaches its ideal,everyone will get off for a rest timein different surroundings, even if itis only to go to some near-by camp.BILL AND I WENT FISHINGBill and I went fishing quit ourbeds at four,Got a hasty breakfast and softlyclosed the door, .Packed the bait and tackle, pushedthe boat away,Took the oars and started withouta word to say.Lake was smooth as crystal, sunwas breaking thruWith a blaze of glory old, but always new;Bill and I both watched it, gratefulfor the day,Spellbound by the beauty but nota word to say.Threw the anchor over, started into fish,Heard the reels a-clicking, heardthe wet lines swish,Now and then we'd get one bigenough to play,Sport and plenty of it but not aword to say.Bill was busy dreaming, I wasthinking, too,Lazy-like and wondering whatmakes skies so blue;Puffed our pipes in silence, let ourminds just strayRound and round about us but nota word to say.Got back home that evening, happyas could beI was proud of William he wasproud of me, rJust the pal for fishing here's thecommon touchSaid it of each other "Never taketoo much."RETAIL-COST OF FOOD DOWNTWO "PER CENTThe retail cost of food to the average family in the United Statesdecreased two per cent, in themonth ending August 15, accordingto figures made public by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor, based on reportsfrom 51 cities.Among the cities showing a decreased in the prive level were Columbus, Indianapolis and St. Louis,4 per cent; Chicago 3 per cent; Baltimore, New York, Savannah andWashington, 2 per cent.Decreases in 22 articles of foodranged from 2S per cent for potatoesto one per cent for sirloin steak andrib roast, while of eleven articlesshowing an increase, graunlatedsugar led with 7 per cent.FREE FOR OUR READERSEvery' housewife who reads thispaper can obtain a copy of "ReliableRecipes" absolutely free of chargeby simply writing the Home Economics Department of the CalumetBaking Powder Co., 4100-28 Fillmore Street, Chicago, 111.'Reliable Recipes" contains 76pages of recipes and other information appreciated by every housewife.It is illustrated in colors and willprove quite helpful in' preparing thedaily menu.The Calumet Baking Powder Co.through their Home Economics Department will cheerfully answer allquestions pertaining to cooking,kitchen equipment, etc. There isabsolutely no charge for this service. Write the Home Economics Department of the Calumet BakingPowder Co., 4100-28 Fillmore St.,Chicago, 111., to-day for a copy' of"Reliable Recipes."KEEPING ,c8NRE8r INTACT ,"-- -Since the State primary law was Jenacted a dozen years ago requiringthe nomination of Congressmen inprimaries there have been very fewchanges in the personnel of the Ken-tucky delegation ,at Washington. In 'that timen'ot k single Congressmanhas been defeated for renominationand the only changes have been due teither to voluntary retirement orelection to another office.It is argued that this has madefor a better and stronger representation in Congress on the theorythat the longer the tenure the betterqualified the Congressman becomesfor the duties imposed upon him.Not only this but with senioritythe rule to promotion, the longtime Congressman wields a widerand.,more jotent influence by reason of his positron on the important committees that virtuallyframe the legislative policies.As a result of their long tenurethe Kentucky Congressmen haveplaces on practically every big committee in the National House ofRepresentatives, which places theState in a most advantageous position in Federal lawmaking.In the days when the nominations were made in conventions, theCongressman had little certainty ofthe endurance of his tenure. Frequently after a term or two hefound himself the victim of a combination in the nominating convention and had to give way to another. This resulted in frequent changesin the Congressional representationand a corresponding lack of influence among such members devoid ofany experience. Now keeping Congressmen on the job is the rulerather than the exception in Kentucky. NO MAGIC GOLD FINDERThere is no instrument that youcan use to discover gold supposed tohave been buried in an iron pot orsteel safety box, writes the Directorof the United States Geological Sur-Jvey to a correspondent. Iron orebeds extended over large areas havebeen prospected for with success bymeans of the so-called 'dip needle,"but this instrument would not indicate the presence of a single pot orvessel in a particular spot. Neitheris there any instrument that wouldindicate the presence of gold andsilver or their ores. Iron attractsthfi "needle." hut erold and silver.however attractive to man, are not,megnetic.ASPIRINSay "Bayer" and Insist!Unless you see the name ''Bayer"on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-twoyears and proved safo bymillions forColdsToothacheEaracheNeuralgiaAccept onlyHeadacheLumbagoRheumatismPain, Pain.'Bayer" packagewhich contains proper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costfew cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)- oUSERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICALf APublic Auction !WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 27th2 P. M On the PremisesAs agents for the undersigned owner, we will offer for sale the7-room, 2-story frame house situated on Brent street, on the abovenamed date. This property is in good condition, is lighted by electricity and has water in the yard.It is in a good neighborhood and close to the city car line. Atthe same time we will sell the lot (regulation size) adjoining theabove described property.For- further particulars, apply toHARRIS, SPEAZES & HARRIS, Agents.Office, Cor. Sixth and Main, Farmers and Traders Bank.(22-26) ,,--.,..SUPPOSED CORPSE ARGUES WITHT,nnAT.in?.mWhen a "corpse" sat up in. a'stretcher in .Chicago, and arguedwith an embalmer, he was takeninto court 'and fined for disorderlyconduct. This happened when Jos.Ropp, 23, was found lying on therailroad tracks and turned over toundertakers in the belief that he.was dead.Usually.It Is well to travel the straight andnarrpw path, but when a guy goescrooked he needs a lot xtf room.WANTEDTwo women with automobiles forexceptionally pleasant work in andnear Paris. Business experience notnecessary, but must have good personality, and be able to devote fivehours a day to work. To such a woman can offer position paying $6.00per day. State age and experience,if any, in first letter.(22-2t)EA. P. ADAIR & SONAre now selling both sexes, allages, from their pure-bred, at farmer's prices. Call early and getchoice.Paris, Ky., Route 6, Box 69, HomePhone, Shawhan Exchange., No.23-3 rings.(22-tf)NOTICE-OF-SALE OF BANK STOCKPursuant to an order of sale madeand entered in the Bourbon CircuitCourt at the June term, 1922, asadministrator of C. J. Lancaster, Iwill sell to the highest and bestbidder, at the Court House door, inparjs Kentucky onMONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1922,about the hour of eleven 'clocko'clock a. m., two shares of thecapital stock of the Farmers andTraders Bank, of Paris, Kentucky.Said sale will be made for cashor upon a credit of three months,for which the purchaser will be required to execute bond with goodand approved security, payable tojthe undersigned as administrator ofC. J. Lancaster, and bearing interest at six per cent, per annum fromday of sale until paid.(Signed) FRANK M. BURTON,As Administrator of C. J. Lancaster.Public SaleOFBayless Farm!On October 2, 1922,at about 11 o'clock, at the frontdoor of the Court House, in Paris,Kentucky, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell publicly theNathan Bayless farm, situated inBourbon County, on the Hume andBedford pike, about three milesfrom Paris and about two milesfrom the interurban line. This farmcontains 98)4 acres, and has thefollowing improvements: One fourroom cottage, with good cistern atdoor; one three-room tenant house;one six-acre tobacco barn; onestock barn, all in first-class condition. The farm is well fenced andwell watered. The land is in ahigh state of cultivation, six acressown in rye," the balance in bluegrass and clover.Anyone interested may look overthe farm and all the improvements at any time before the sale.Mr. Nathan Bayless, acting asagent for the Bayless heirs, will beglad to show anyone interestedover the farm, and improvementsany time before the sale.O. T. HINTON,Master Commisioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.(22-26-29)A AOr MISS EELA DODSOK, Owmc .t-"'.- --V"- -5. - ";f r-Ti -4,0' I ZV- r Br-4$ZZLi-t -3i??ij --,-' - -2r-j'X.nr -a-,-i- -i jg$r-.TUESDAY; SEPTEMBER 26, 1922THE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS, RENTUCK1PAGE THUSWW!lJ1WfTOOcRHEUMATISMANDDYSPEPSIAME0CfL2JTHE COUNTRY SCHOOL'S YEARThe country town and the cityhave this in common, that at aboutthe same date in early fall theyoung folks resume their study. Thecountry school does not commonlyhave the facilities of the big cityschoolhouse. The majority of thecountry schools are small affairs,"without the enthusiasm that goes"with big numbers and without thehelp of fine equipment.But they usually have one thingthat city schools lack, and that is agroup of children that have beentrained to work and are ambitiousto learn. This makes a tremendousdifference in the atmosphere andachievement of a school. Whenthose youngsters finish their coursesthey have usually made the best oftheir opportunities, which is not always the case in fine and elaboratecity educational planes.BE WHAT YOU ISDon't be what you ain't,Jes' be what you is.If you is not what you am,Then you am not what you is. -Ifyou're just a little tadpole,Don't try to be a frog.If you're just the tailDon't try to wag the dog.You can always pass the plate,If you can't exhort and preach.If you're just a little pebble,Don't try to be the beach.Don't be what you ain'tJus' be what you is,For the man who plays it squareIs a-goin' to get "his."872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITSVEGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONEVictims of stomach trouble andrheumatism often find that whentheir stomach is set in order, therheumatism disappears. Thousandsof people everywhere have testifiedthat Tanlac has freed them of bothtroubles simultaneously. Mrs. MaryBarnhardt, 537 Jervis street, To-eldo, Ohio, says:"For ten years I had sufferedfrom stomach trouble and rheumatism. For the past year I couldbarely get around. I started taking Tanlac and to-day I am a wellwoman. Everything I eat agreeswith me perfectly and the rheumatism has left me entirely."Badly digested food fills the wholesystem with poisons. Rheumatismand many other complaints not generally recognized as having theirorigin in the stomach quickly respond to the right treatment. Geta bottle of Tanlac to-day at anygood druggist. (adv)o :THE RAILROADS STRIKE ANDITS LESSONSIt is generally considered by thepress that the railroad shopmen'sstrike is pactically at an end. It isthe further belief of most of the papers that the strike, that while ithas caused the railroads untold inconvenience and ' necessitated theexpenditure by them of vast sums ofmoney, the strikers are really thelosers in the unfortunate struggle.Morals are being drawn and explanations without end are beingmade. The New York World thinksthe strike was lost to the-shopmenbefore two weeks had passed. Theirunion leaders, it says, knew by thattime that the strike had been lost,and that they had blundered badlyin ever having sanctioned it."It can be no secret to them (theshopmen) now," says the World,"why their strike failed. It was begun as a first resort when it shouldhave been held in reserve as a lastresort. It was directed against adecision of the United States LaborBoard, which had been publicly constituted in the fullest recognition oflabor unionism and its integrityever accorded by the public authority in this country. Its worst consequences were necessarily to fallupon this same public, whose sympathy would have been won over ifthe power of its opinion were toweigh for the strikers. But insteadof appealing to the public reason,instead of asking for a review of theLabor Board's decision, a strike wassprung to overcome the decision byforce of public suffering. This isprimarily why the strike failed.American public opinion cannot becoerced in so cavalier a manner. Itwas thus lost to the strikers fromthe start, and when that is 'trueany strike is a failure from thestart."CORNSLift Off with FingersFARMERS15TRADERSBANKPARIS, KYBtg an Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00A JftffMisses Hattie and Lelia Clarkeare visiting friends and relatives inCincinnati.Miss Olivia Orr has as guest ather home on Stoner Avenue, Mrs. S.O. Muir, of Bardstown.Ben Plummer, of Covington, isa guest of his brothers, Sam, andCharles. Plummer, near Paris.Mrs. Alice Snapp has returned from a visit to her parents, Rev.and Mrs. E. S. Hollar, near Carlisle.Thos. Hubbard, son of Mr. andMrs. A. J. Hubbard, -who reside onTenth street, is ill of typhoid feverat the family home.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot, of Russellville, is the guest of her sister.Mrs. William Remington, at herhome on Eighth street.TVIrs. Robert J. Neely left Saturday for Washington, D. C, whereshe will be guests for several weeksof friends and relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Jeff Denton havereturned from an extended motortrip to New York, Philadelphia, Niagara Falls and Canada.Mrs. Mamie W. Ditchen, of NewYork, is visiting her sister, Mrs.Robert Goggin, at the Hotel Windsor, and other relatives in this'city and county.Mrs. W. C. Patton has joinedher husband at Columbia, 'SouthCarolina, for a stay of several weeksafter which they will return' toParis for the winter.Miss Corilla Eberhardt,daughter of Rev. F. W. Eberhardt,formerly of Paris, now of Georgetown, has gone to New York, whereshe will take up voice culture.Caleb Ratliffe, of Irvine, whohas been visiting his daughter, Mrs.George K. Redmon, at their home onCypress street, has been taken to aLexington hospital, where he is under the care of a specialist.Rev. and Mrs. 0. B. Crockettand two children, Nancy and Hiram, have moved from Winchester toParis, and have gonefto housekeeping in the parsonage of "the Methodist church, on Pleasant street.Norwood Stitt, of San Francisco,Cali., is vsiting his mother, Mrs.Nellie Stitt, on High street. Mr.Stitt has been connected with theBurroughs Adding Machine Company, at San Francisco for severalyears.Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Dowleft Saturday for a visit to Mr. andMrs. Robert P. Dow, Jr., at DesMoines, Iowa. At the conclusion oftheir visit there they will go to Ft.Dodge, Iowa, for a visit to Mr. andMrs. Rion Dow.Mrs. J. T. Wallingford, of Covington, cousin of Mrs. W. F. Talbott, of Paris, is a patient at theBethseda Hospital in Covington, recovering from the effects of a fallreceived at Graham Sprngs severalweeks ago.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Neville and"Mr. R. B. Lillard, of Arlington, Ky.,spent the week-end in Paris asguests of Miss Imogene Redmon, onCypress street. Miss Neville alsovisited friends and relatives inCovington, returning to Paris for alonger visit before going to herhome.(Other Personals nn Page 5)AMERICAN LEGION CONVENTIONAT NEW ORLEANSDoesn't murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hara corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)TRUTH MIXED WITH POETRYOFFICERSFrank P. Klser, President8. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. ."Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't GassierDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...i- i-JUNE Si, 1921)(Indianapolis News)A Muncie lawyer was making hisfirst church speech. It was a welcome to the new minister and in ithe was .telling of the beauties ofhis home town. He spoke of thestreets, the residences and then hebegan on the trees. "I have onegreat tree in my- yard," he said,"that means more to me than anyother in town. Whenever I pass itI think of how often I have reachedinto its boughs to pluck the springblossoms "And" then came an interruption.His 8-year-old -son who had beenpaying attention to father's speechspoke up. "Don't forget the caterpillars, too, father," he said. "Wehave to burn 'em about that time,too:" . "Tanks, big guns and other materials of warfare will be exhibited bythe United States War Departmentduring the American Legion national convention in New Orleans,October 16-20, conventionheadquar-ters has been advised by MajorGeneral C. C. Williams, chief of ordinance of the United States army.Ten carloads of ordinance, including virtually everything in theway of war materials, from handgrenades to 155-jnillimeter guns,will comprise the exhibit. The ordinance, which will be brought onflat cars, will be on display in - aprominent site near convention hall.Daily maneuvers, in which all thelatest tactics of warfare - will bedemonstrated, are scheduled duringthe five convention days.The larger gunsT" including three75-millimeter and three 155-millimeterpieces, will be drawn bytrucks in the convention parade.There will also be a horse-drawnsection of artillery, composed of 75millimeter French guns. Other objects of interest will be a 6-tontank, a camouflauged ammunitionwagon and numerous tractors.The exhibit will be held under thedirection of a number of ordnanceofficers sent from the governmentarsenal at Rock Island.- COURT OF APPPEALS AGAIN INSESSION-3he Kentucky Court of Appealshas opened its fall term with one ofthe heaviest dockets in its history.The Court has a number of casesthat will go down in history.The Court also will have to passagain upon certain phases of the decision in the cases of Shipp vs.Rhodes, etc., and Shipp vs. Bradley,etc., from Fayette county, in whichthe Court, at its spring term, heldthat officials paid by fees were limited by the constitutionto a salaryof $5,000 a year. The defendantsin these cases have filed notice ofintention to file a petition for rehearing. -The following cases from Bourbon county are on the docket:Young, etc., vs. Daniel, etc.,Bourbon. Agreement. Appellantsto October 15, 1922. appellees to December 15, 1922, to file briefs.Monson .vs. Payne, agent," Bourbon; Smith & Early wine, vs. Payne,agent, Bourbon. Appellant, in eachcase, filed reply brief with notice.Lyon's Guardian, etc., Exors.,etc.. Bourbon. Agreement filed. Appellees entered appearance to appeal, case to be placed on docket,appellants granted ten days timeand appellees 20 days thereafter tofile briefs.1 - "SlSBCJ"BSHBsVBSSsHiBSSSBBSSSstamLBBBBBB&SKyilBBBLlW&EiSQiKifliBBraRHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind."PAME'S FADING FLAME(St. Louis Post-Dispatch)It must be admitted, however reluctantly, that the late Mr. JesseJames, one of the headliners in theMissouri Who's Who of yesteryear,seems to be slipping. Pilgrims nolonger plod to the humble St. Joecottage where he got his start intothe next world, with his boots on.For a long time the spot whereBob Ford endede the career of theprominent Missourian was a shrinefor swarms of the faithful who venerated the memory of that nobleknight of the road who was nevertoo busy to rob a bank or shoot asuperfluous citizen. Caretakers garnered honest fees for showing visitors through and depleted the lumber supply sellingrounds of the chairupon which the illustrious J. Jamesstood when the equally illlustriousB. Ford plugged him.Now all is changed. The houseis falling into decay and the visitors are few and far between and thestock of chair rounds needs no replenishment and the surplus may yetserve a useful purpose as fuel "for anhonest kiltchen fire.It might be thought that theBuchanan County Historical Societywould be distressed about this, butnot so. The society has resolvedthat no particular benefit can inureto the city or State from the preservation of the habitation. It is asound resolution.o 'Horrid Thing!"We had a splendid- time in thecountry," said Mrs. Newrich, "and myhusband has turned out to be a goodshot. The men went out one day todo some shooting, and my husbandgot what" they call a bull. And somemean old farmer made him pay forit." Seattle Post-Intelligencer.-Her Faithful FriendWe welcome the accounts of women and urge everyhusband to start a bank account for his WIFE. Many aman has been saved from financial disaster because hiseconomical wife had tucked away money and had it onhand for a time of urgent need. And then every womanshould have a bank account and know how to handleaffairs, because there is one chance out of two that she ,must some day rely on herself.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany- The Rattlesnake.One of -Boss worth's young sproutswas coming home about twelve o'clockthe other night on the south road, andjust as he got even with the graveyard the engine went dead. But hesaid he got so scared when lie sawwhere he was that he shook the carso badly the duruetkold thing thoughtthe motor was running, and came clearto town hefore it discovered its mistake. Screnee and Invention Magazine. a 1.Home..."There's no place like home, thankheaven," sighed the hen-pecked man,as he. locjced his hotel room fronutheinside. Farm Life.CAtlAL BROS.BAEBEB SHOPPlace Your Orders Early ForFillFlautist!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruit- and PerennialsBourbon NurseriesFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYMflMM-t Xi'tlltIi'-tC'ali4'lrIWHITE BARBEES 4Modem Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT ASD COLD BATHSINTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7": 05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m,4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.il:55 p. m.Lexiug.'onTo Paris6:00v a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m..9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m..12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Pare, 60c; Ticket Pare, 64c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Ticket!, single trip, or Inquantities, "date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TEACTIOJT 6 TEaVJaOTAlTCO. ' - ,-(deci-tf) Sj:We Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties iElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and .Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very'Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSE fcfcChange of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall anrd winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporated -?VKsraw-I,m, -"-?jr -.. --r StiliJ? &'& -SsJ.f- .7THE BOURBON NfiWS,PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1922f AGE FOURr5rs.M1WFOR SALE , REAL ESTATE DEALSRhode Island Red pullets andSussex cockerells. Call Cumberland Phone 253.MRS. OLLIE C. HEDGES,' Route 8, Paris, Ky.(26-tf)'. FOR SALENice hand-made cedar box; onegood oak rocking chair, with leather bottom. Can be seen at my roomson Seventh street.(26-29) WM. WHITE.Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. Talbottpurchased Friday of Mrs. RobertLyne, her modern bungalow, locatedTTpiifi arson street, for which theypaid $,000. Mr. and Mrs.' Talbottwill occupy the property as a homein the near future.MEETING OF REAL ESTATE itaPFOR SALEA few nice Rhode Island Redpullets for sale. Call CumberlandPhone 360."MRS. DOUGLAS THOMAS, SR.(26-lt-pd) -LOSTBetween my home and A. B. Hancock farm, on Winchester pike, aYale padlock and bunch of keys onring. Return to undersigned andreceive reward.(It) JAS. Lv PENDLETON.FOR SALE.Milk, Cream, Butter and Buttermilk. Call Cumberland Phone 965.(26-29 MRS. R. L. WILSON.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEFarmers Bankdoing business at the town of Millersburg, County of Bourbon, State ofKentucky, at the close of business on 15th day of September, 1922.RESOURCESLoans and Discounts $330,134.39Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 2,684.65Stocks, Bonds and other Securities . . 7,300.00Cash on hand 5,989.09Due from Banks . . 19,639.22Checks and other cash items 1,849.25Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures ' . . .. 22,783.37SIX SCREEN AETISTS IN' "FOOL'SPARADISE.""A meeting of real estate dealers!from Bourbon, Fayette, Clark,Scott, ' Harrison, Montgomery andNicholas counties was held in the1office of the Paris Commercial Club,;tn discuss an organization for the.protection of JLhe public and to ef-vfeet an understanding with relationto commissions to be charged. ;George D. Speakes, of the firm of:;Harris, Speakes & Harris, was elect-'ed chairman, and Homer B. Bryson,,of Carlisle, as secretary No definite'action was taken at- the meeting-and another meeting will be neld on,Wednesday of this week at the sameplace.The new organization will cooperate with the organization already effected by the realtors ofLexington. Those present at theParis meeting were: A. C. Chinn,"W. C.'Lawmill, Edward Clark andMr. DeLong, of Lexington; B. F.Adcodk, J. T. Stokeley Allen Jackson, Walter Nunnelley- and JudgeFleenor, of Winchester; H. B. Bryson, Carlisle; L.- D. Harris,. GeorgeD. Speakes, Ray Harris, Chas. P.Mann and Henry Sledd, Paris.oNEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)Practically all-star casts selectedwith painstaking care have becomethe accepted standard of Cecil B. DeMille productions. "Fool's Paradise," which comes to the Alamoand Grand Thursday afternoon andnight, offers one more example ofthe wisdom of the producer's systemand judgment.. In keeping with hispromise to give the public the maximum in variety in all ways, Mr.De Mille introduces iTr this photoplay a number, of players wellknown to the public, but new toCecil B. De Mille productions.The sextet of principal roles areportrayed by such screen celebritiesas Dorothy Dalton, Mildred Harris,Conrad Negle, Theodore Kasloff,John Davidson and Julia Faye andthe supporting company is of corresponding excellence.The supporting company in madeup of talented screen players. Theyinclude Clarence Burton, GeorgeFields, Guy Oliver, Kamuela Searlesand Jacqueline Logan, all wellknown to the motion picture public.Last, but not least, there is "Pal"who plays the part of "Chum." Whois "Pal?" Hes the most intelligentdog, according to Cecil B. DeMille,ever seen on the screen.t, ' ' m$390,379.97Total4LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cash ..$ 30,000.00Surplus Fund T. ..$30,000.00Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 2,002.45Deposits subject to check $218,858.97Demand Certificates of Deposit . . . 68,013.74 286,872.71Due Banks and Trust Companies . 3,089.81Notes and Bills Rediscounted 7 13,415.00Bills Payable 25,000.00I 7& Total $390,379.97,STATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon Set. " " '" '"" -p-"; ;"""- " "-We W. D. Mclntyre and H. O. Kirby, President and Cashier of the,above named Bank, do solemnly sw,ear that the above statement is trueto the best of our knowledge and belief.W. D. McINTYRE, PresidentH. O. KIRBY, Cashier- , Correct Attest:-' -' . .;r A. C. BALL," - G. S. ALLEN,'-""'1 IIS A T MOFFETT,,. . -Directors.Subscribed and sworn to befor.e me this 22nd day of Sept.) 1922.J. H. BURRIS, Notary Public.My Commission Expires August 9, 1924.A JOB OF WORK"Which pays you $200 per month isopen. Now if you are "A Salesman"and have the necessary amount ofnerve and stick-to-itness, and wanta job, seeR. M. JOHNSON,to-day at the Blue Grass ElectricCompany.Male Help WantedMen wanted in every city andtown to give part time representingbest-known retail men's clothinghouse in Cincinnati. Must havexarge auiiuiuiiicniue iu. uumo ,miij(.jBest references required. Incomebased on purchases made by yourfriends in our store. You make nodirect sales. Prefer men at presentemployed who want to increasetheir income. A hard worker, whois sincere in his desire to increasehis earnings, will find this proposition "to be a profitable one. Do notapply in person. Write, giving references and an interview will be arranged. THE PR ATHER-ALLEN CO.,809 Neave Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.(26-lt)PRESBYTERIAN PUBLICATIONPRAISES PARIS PEOPLEYoung Men's ClothesIn Snappiest of' ' mm7 ii ti''i 1&m' Ail it' if ifKiIfa'f U kmf 47 IfmI'MModesThe model shown in this cut, with fancy backstitched or belt, is just one of the many stylesshown here in young men's clothes.The front of this model shown comes in softroll lapel, two buttons, with fancy patch pockets, and is tailored to fit and hold its shape.Newest color tones are shown in v plain colors,stripes, fancy checks and diagonal weaves inclothes of cashmeres, tweeds and worsteds.As far as values are concerned, we'll leave thatto thebuyers.Men's and Young Men's Suits$18.00 to $50.00"Top Yourself" in a Knoxv or Crof utt & Knapp Hatimrjugmes em iStyles you will find colors and combinationsyou will like are shown in these splendid hats.For the season's latest "lid," come here.$5.00 to $7.00R. P.WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky,Home Phone 448Cumb. Phone 806The Register, published at theEresbyterian Theological Seminar,in Louisville, published the following complimentary reference to thePresbyterian campaign recentlyclosed here:"Paris, the first of the cities inwhich the Presbyterian Movement (for Christian Education was launch-'ed under the city plan, exceeded herquota of $25,000, according to re- jports received at the Seminary at ,press time. The Presbyterians theredid just what was expected of them.The cause was presented and theneeds of our institutions pointedout. A strong executive committeewas formed with Mr. M. Peale Collier as chairman. Daily reportswere submitted and through it allthe women of the church held cottage prayer meetings and union services. It was, as pointed out by Mr.Collier, an opportunity of a lifetime. Paris ha& the chance to setthe pace and did. At the VictoryMeeting last Thursday night it wasannounced that the goal had beenreached and the first city celebration was held."(yREAD THIS CAREFULLY!If the lost breast pin belongingto"' Mrs. John J. McClintock, ofDuncan avenue, is returned to her,no question will be asked.(26-29)oMISS SLAVING WILLThe last will and testament ofMiss Katie Slavin, trained nurse,who was stricken- while on duty atthe home of Miss Letitia Clay, inParis, dying shortly after in a Lexington hospital, was filed for probate in the office of the FayetteCounty Clerk,, in Lexington, Saturday. The will, which was dated May3, 1921, and witnessed by Miss Letitia Clay and Mrs. H. Clay Howard, both of Paris, contained lessthan fifty words. Mrs. Sallie Slavin Bockhoop, a cousin, was namedsole beneficiary, with the exceptfanof a bequest of $500 to St. Paul'sCatholic church, of Lexington, "formasses of poor souls," and -one of.$200 to the Church of the Annunciation, in Paris.X woBOURBON MEN LOSE IN KANSASFIREJames Caldwell, of near Paris, andAlex Miller, of Millersburg, recentlypurchased in partnership about 18,000 bushels of blue grass seed inMissouri and Iowa. The seed wasshipped to a large commission housein Atchison, Kansas, to be cleanedand stored. Mr. Caldwell last weekreceived a telegram-stating that theplant belonging to the cleaningfirm had been destroyed, togetherwith the seed, with the exception ofabout 2,600 bushels that had notbeen unloaded.At the time of the fire there wasstored in the plant about 40,000bushels of seed, all of which wasdestroyed. The seed belonging toCaldwell. and Miller was fully insured.Fire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANNOTICE TO TAXPAYERSiv ;iUCopyright 1922 Hart Schaffner & MarxThe famous Crombiewoolens in women 's coatsmade byHart Schaffner & MarxCrombie fabrics are madein Aberdeen, Scotland;.they're soft, fleecy, lightin weight but very warm.There's nothing finer for acoat.Hart Schaffner & Marxhave used them in theirstylish women's coats;many beautful colorings;rich plaid backs to thefabrics. They give you allthe warmth and comfortof a fur coat without theupkeep.FRANK & COLADIES' OUTFITTERSi4IxTblioSstleBY THE WAY, THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OPPICE IS ONE OPTHE BUSIEST PLACES IN TOWNAT PRESENT. FARMERS, BUSINESS MEN AND ALL ARE TRYING TO GET THIS JOB FINISHEDAND, DONE -WITH. BETTER GETGET BUSY AND DO LIKEWISERUMMAGE SALE3 The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch will have a rummage sale onFriday and Saturday, October 6 and7f . The place will be announcedlater.These days they promise to love.honor and .obvjtheir impulses.SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30th2 P. M. SHARPAs agents for the undersigned owner, we will sell at auction theone-story, six-room frame bungaiow situated at 1023 Vine Street, nearthe Li. & N. passenger depot.The property is newly painted and papered, and is in good condition throughout.Large lot, shade trees, good garden, and a splendid cistern in therear, are some of the improvements. It is convenient to school andchurches, and would make someone-in the market for a place of this.character a good buy. rFor information, apply tolJ(26-29)HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Agents for R. L. BURNS," Owner..Bourbon News Advertisers Get Results- -nv.fc-, "i-,?0)tflRii"'. - '"VI r"s" -N-V'-T- -If--''Jv-1 ': -t - -. -- ; '2TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1922 .THE BOURBON NEWS, MRIS, KENTUCKYFA3EFIV" i-CVKPERSONALS"PTFTS THAT I AST" uumm&s ana um&3 oi some ionjuiow ana utners ionIS YOUB HAT BECOMING?Donon you.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oWATERMELONSThey are as sweet as ever.C. P. COOK & CO.j .CIECUS PASSES THROUGHipimt is the main consideration in -M-rs. JrranK b. Benedetu has re-picking out your fall hat. You can turned from a visit to Mrs. Salvaselect here the style that looks best tore Pelossi, in Versailles.j iur. ana Mrs. jos. w. Davis, Sr.,j returned Sunday from a ten-days'stay at Miwogco Mineral Springs,near iviiian, inaiana.The Board of Directors of the.Kentucky State Federation of Women's Clubs will meet in Lexingtonj October. 16 and 17.J Mr. and Mrs. A. V. Douglass, of;Paris, spent the week-end in Dan-The Rose Pailen Circus, en route ville, as guests of the latter's pafrom Falmouth to Lexington, passed ents,, Mr. and Mrs. Bourne,through Paris, Sunday morning' Will H. Whaley, of Paris, leftmaking the trip overland under Sunday night for Fairfield, Southhorse and mule power. The circus Carolina, where he will dispose ofreminded old-timers of the days of two carloads of horses and mules,old, when all circuses traveled over j Mrs. George P. Smith, of Beatroads, and the kiddies went several tyville, is visiting at th home ofmiles out of town to be. first ones to her brother, David T. Wilson, andgreet them. The Rose Pailen Cir- Mrs. "Wilson, on Houston avenue,cus is an organization playing car-! The many friends of Mrs. Mol-nival and county fair dates mainly. He Rice will regret to learn thatshe has been confined to her. bedfor the past few days owing to afall.Seven-room, two-story frame resi- Rev. Wyatt Montgomery anddence, on Brent street, at public sale wife, of Somerset, Ky., will beSeptember 27. Read the ad in to- guests of Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Huff-DODSON HOME AT AUCTIONday-'s NEWS.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(22-26)o.PICTURE PROGRAM AT THE.ALAMO AND GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, September 26Max Linder, in "Be My Wife;"Mutt and Jeff comedy, "FastFreight;" Standard comedy, "Betty,The Vamp." jTo-morrow, w Wednesday, September 27 Betty Compson, in "TheGreen Temptation;" Pathe News;Chester comedy, "You'll Be Surprised." Thursday, September 28 Dorothy Dalton, Conrad Nagle, MildredHarris and Theodore Kosloff, in"Fool's ParadiseV - ", NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)oBURNS PROPERTY AT AUCTION.Harris, Speakes & Harris will sellpublicly, Saturday, September 30,at two o'clock p. m., the Burns bungalow, on Vine street. A fine chanceto get a liome. Read the ad in THENEWS.(26-29)- oPARENT-TEACHERS' ASSOCIATIONA meeting of the Parent-Teachers'Association was held Saturday nightat the Center-Hill school house,near Centerville. Henry May waselected president of the Associationfor the year, Mrs. W. A. Welch, secretary, and Miss Katie Burberry,treasurer. Addresses were delivered by County School Superintendent J. M. McVey and Miss Inez Caudill, secretary of the Bourbon County Red Cross. Mrs. Edward Thomassang two soloes during the program,"The Venitian Love Song," and"Good Night." Part of the programwas devoted to the works of LamesWhitcomb Riley. The programclosed wilh a radio concert, provided1y George R. Burberry.COUNCIL AWARDS CONTRACTAt a special meeting of the ParisCity Council a contract was awardedto the Loui& DesCognets Company,of Lexington, for the constructionof Main street ifbm Fourteenthstreet to Twentieth. The Lexington contractors bid for the work,which will be of reinforced concrete, was $56,077. Other contractors submitting bids who were represented at the. meeting were: Metzed & Ahearn, of Covington; TheHenry Bickel Co., of Louisville, andI. J. Gillig, of Cynthiana.Work on the new streets will startthis week, or as soon as the suc-man during the Christian Churchconvention.Dr. J. H. Comer has gone toRochester, Minn., to be" with Mrs.Comer, who recently underwent aserious surgical operation at MayoBros.' Hospital.Mrs. Buckner Woodford gave atea Saturday afternoon at her homeon South Main street to Mrs. Matilda Brent Woodall, and a numberof her older friends and friends ofMrs. Woodall.County Attorney David D. Clineis suffering from a sprained ankle,sustained while crossing Main streetin front of the court house. He wasable to be at his office a short timeby the aid of crutches.County Judge George Battertonand his father, B. A. Batterton.have returned from Rochester,Minn., where the latter has beenunder treatment at Mayo. Bros.' Hospital. Mr. Batterton is considerablyimproved.Mrs. Virgil Chapman entertained at her home on Duncan avenue with a noonday luncheon inhonor of the bride-elect, Miss MarieCollins, of North Middletown, whosemarriage of Mr. Raymer Jones willbe solemnized in the early fall.Mrs. Whittington Mann anddaughter, Mary Wilson Mann, andMiss Florence Wilson, have gone toDayton, Ohio, where the little girlhas been placed in charge of a specialist. They were met in Dayton byClark Wilson, formerly of Paris.The following Bourbon countystudents atthe University of Kentucky have become "pledges" to thefraternities, as follows: John William Tinder, North Middletown,Kappa Alpha; Rene Clark, SigmaChi; Clarence Baldwin, Phi DeltaTheta.Chas. "Tessie' Thomas andLuke Connelley, of the Paris liredepartment, have joined the Littlejohn Carnival Company at Atlanta,Ga. They arrived in Atlanta intime to see the big fire which caused over $1,000,000 property lossSaturday.Mrs. Laura Wiggins has returned from Richmond, where she hasbeen a guest of her daughter, Mrs.Overton Harber, and Mr. Harber,for several weeks. Her namesake,little Miss Laura Wiggins Harber,the lovely daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Harber, has been very ill, but ismuch improved.Charlton Clay entertained Saturday evening with a dinner at theLexington Country Club, in honorof Miss Peggy McElroy, of Baltimore, Md., guest of Mr. and Mrs.Brutus Clay, at their country homenear Paris. Covers were laid forthe following guests: Charlton Clay,Miss Peggy McElroy, Dr. and Mrs.Robert Coleman, xMrs. StanhopeWiedemann, Miss Genevieve Malloy,Burton Closson and Mr. Donaldson(Cincinnati.)One of the most enjoyable social events of the past week was theMrs. Clarence Hill, Mrs. A. V. Douglass, Mabel Arnold (Shelbyville.)Mrs. Wm. Kenney, of Paris, wasa guest of friends in Versailles, Friday. Miss Olivia Orr entertainedwith a tea yesterday afternoon ather home on Stoher avenue.Mrs. Agnes Spencer, of Winchester, is a" guest of Mrs. C. E.Townsend, at her home in this city.' Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Collins havemoved from Paris to Richmond,where they will make their home inthe future.Miss Fern Stone has gone toRichmond, where she will finishher teachers' course in the StateNormal School.H. Shanker, of Erlanger, andhis son, Sam Shanker, of Detroit,Mich., former residents of Paris, arevisiting friends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. C. Landen Templin. .who were married recently inPhiladelphia, are spending a part oftheir honeymoon in Paris as guestsat the home of the groom's parents,Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin. Theywill make their future home inRichmond, Va.Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell anddaughter, Miss Rebecca Purnell,have moved from -the Miller residence on Pleasant street, to apartments in the Harris building at thecorner of High and Seventh streets,recently completed. Mr. and Mrs. J.Moler McVey will occupy the apartments vacated by Mr. and Mrs. Purnell.Mrs. Byron Smith entertainedwith a delightful bridge party ather home on the Maysville road.The prize for the highest score, abridge table set, was won by Mrs.T. B. Satterwhite, and the consolation gift, an attractive flower bowl,was won by Mrs. Louis Turner. Mrs.Smith was assisted in entertainingby her mother, Mrs. Edward Turner, of Paris, and Mrs. ThomasSmith. The hospitality included:Mesdames Robert Adair, James McClintock, Jr., Louis Turner, WallerDalby and Miss Frances Kenney, ofParis; Mesdames T. B. Satterwhite,Oscar Rynierson, Misses FrancesMcClelland, Beulau Stilwell andUna Varden, of Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 3).. oNOW IS THE BEST TIMENow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. oAN OPEN LETTER TO EDITOR- FISHERPOCOflll AAwfMitfM1 fVf 4-Vt J?T tVinf A IJT 'uuu.lul faCL "1C11 ""! informal tea given at her home inml and machinery on the ground. WMte Addition b Miss Irenelint i rS not,,TP beffireiBramblette, in honor of her formerwinter the firm will leave the unfin-,sclioolmate ftt the Leland Power"eu part in condition to De useuoREMEDY HILLS HENSSchool of Expression ,in Boston, MissMildred Batchelder, of Maine. Thehours were from four to six. MissLouise Berry, of Cynthiana, presided at the punch table, while littleMiss Helen Farmer served the sand-L. R. Mann, Louisville & Nashville engineer, is poorer by fifteenfine hens, as a result of experiment- wiches. The guests for the occaing with sheep dip for exterminate sion, besides the host and the guestng chicken lice. Mr. Mjann took 'of honor were: Mrs. Irene Isaacs,particular pride in his collection of Mrs. Jack Cohen, Misses Marie Col-egg-producersand had frequently ' liever, Elizabeth Rule, Lena Rose,remarked that they were the finest Ellen Scott, Eleanor and Lula Lyin the country. The chickens be- tie, Nell and Elizabeth Crutcher,came the resting place for that pest ( Elizabeth Deaver, Gladys Farmer,of chickens, chicken vermin. Mr. Ruby Elder, Margaret Speaks, HelenMann held a consultation with Farmer, Allene Sauer, Mrs.Sam Masneighbors and was advised to dip tin, Mrs. Eugene Elder, Mrs. Harthem in sheep dip, which he did. Jriet Minaker, Miss Florence BerryAfter breakfast Mr. Mann went to (Cynthiana), Mrs. Cldye Redmon,take a look at his fowls and to see Mrs. Wm. Baumstauk (Cynthiana),how they were progressing after Misses Maude Asbury, Irene Evans,their "cootie bath," and was shock-1 Lucille Harbold, Zerelda Noland,ed when he found every one of them ' Misses Field and Woodruff, Marthadead as the "proverbial door nail." , Talbott, Elmeta Hinton, AlbertaAnd now he vows vengeance on Myers, Anna Ware Myers, Catherinewhoever suggests any other than a Duncan, Carolyn Wilmoth, Alicestandard remedy for the troubles in- JUcClintock, Nannette Arkle, HazelCideotaj to chicken-life, r Arnold (Lexington), Ruby Hall,"Paris, Ky., Sept. 25, 1922."Mr. Warren Fisher,"Editor Carlisle Mercury,"Carlisle, Kentucky.''My Dear Mr. Fisher: We beg toinform you that just as soon as, weread your letter, printed in THEBOURBON NEWS, and addressed tothe Paris Commercial Club, concerning a little irregularity in our roadfrom Paris to Lexington, we broughtthe matter to the attention of theproper authorities, and at thiswriting, the county end of this roadfrom Nineteenth street to thecross-roads is approximately 35 percent, complete and the city end ofthe road from Fourteenth street toNineteenth s'treet will be underconstruction some time this week.We feel just a little provoked withyou for not having called our attention to this condition sooner. Thepeople of Bourbon county and Parisuse the Lexington pike so very seldom that we had failed to notice thebad condition of this highway."As a matter of personal curiosity, Mr. Fisher, why should anyNicholas county man be affected byrdad jolts? However, we thinkyou for your reminder, and hastento assure you that any other littlething that you would like to havecorrected in Bourbon county, notifythe Paris Commercial Club, and wewill give it prompt attention."Yours Sincerely,"HAROLD F. HARRIS, Sect'y."SUITS WITH EXTRA TROUSERSMany of our fall suits may be hadwith extra trousers. Some as low as$25. HJ. W.vDAVIS & CO.READ THIS CAREFULLY!If the lost breast pin belonging toMrs. John. J. McClintock, of Duncanavenue, is returned to her, no questions will be asked.(26-29)Have a Look!LADIES' AND MISSES' TND CHILDREN'S SUITS, COATS, SKIRT?,BLOUSES, MILLINERY, DRYGOODS, SILKSETC.We Have the Ladies' Home JournalPatterns, atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINE fCorner Seventh and Main StreetPARIS. KY.Announcingr 'our semi-annual display ofWoolens for Fall and WinterSuits, Overcoats and TrousersOver three hundred samples from'which to select, and undoubtedly the :greatest values in made-to-measureclothes you have seen for a longtime. v - ' ' :IT WILL BE A -PLEASURElTO. SHOW YOU. .Remember the Days and Dates 'Wednesday, Thursday and FridaySeptember 27th, 28th and 29thSee These ValuesLEWIS W01LSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"SHffThe Pullman Gives You an Extra RoomWithout Increasing Your RentEiVERY family needs extra sleeping quarters in the home in case ofemergency. Unexpected visitors come: a nurse may be necessarv vin any home at any time; you may wish friends to remain overnight or to week-end with you; you may wish to accommodate aIMff9friend or good neighbor for a night or two; the man of the family maywish a business friend remain over night, whatever the emergency oroccasion may be, aJPullman provides the extra sleeping quarters. - vSome families may want to rent out a room because of present high rents.Some families may be moving into smaller apartments with fewer sleep-ing rooms these are but SOME of the reasons for the immense popularity of the ' 'Pullman, ' 'Here is an opportunity to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport Bedthat matches up with other furnishings in your home. You can get thesame designs, the same woods (mahogany, walnut or oak), the same com. ;fort that you get in the finest stationary davenports. 'Here is a beautiful living room piece of furniture that is "as handsome athe finest davenport, as comfortable as the best bed" one that givesdouble, or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture atlhe price ofone. ,THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 ' PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking- m9-i-Vr-i "-'n ' V" f- .----x;- ---j -t-," is -vr PAGE SIXr sagfj 7 r 7"p"?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1922V- - " -TshsTmI TiTCfTynBWRIGLEYS11l'3lASatisfies the sweet toothand aids appetite and digestion.Cleanses mouth and teethA great boon to smokers,relieving hot, dry mouth.Combines pleasure andbenefitDon't miss the joy of thenew WRIGLEY'S P-K the sugarcoated peppermint tid bit!SavethewrappersyfiffipGood forvaluablepremiumsMM l--Wi'jMKm '(Immrtm. Ik on 111 HI III Ki mi iii '" "' w n "I 'f? '7 p !!! it! ! Ijj M IjjjVHELP THE CHILDREN'S HOMESOCIETYSo great is the problem of thehomeless child in Kentucky; so intertwined with church, school andsociety that the only institution inthe State, the Kentucky Children'sHome Society, is taxed to capacityand must construct another buildingif hundreds are to be given, shelterand a home.More than $100,000 is needed andto raise this sum the Society willstart immediately a campaignthroughout the various counties andin the schools that the donations bythe children may build the thirdunit of the cottage village at Lyndon, as a memoral dedicated to thehomeless little ones.For a quarter of a century the Society was housed in Louisville in anold row of residences. George L.Sehon, Superintendent, struggledfor a decade to raise money to buythe 87 acre tract at Lyndon and lastspring his dreams were realizedwhen the first two units of the village were completed and ready foroccupancy. To the new home weremoved 160 little children. Despitethe lateness of the year, each boybegan planting a garden, with theresult that enough food was raisedto supply the table and to can andpreserve more than 1,000 gallons offood for winter use.A.t this time, to withhold helpfrom the Kentucky Children's HomeSociety means the counties musttake up the work of caring for thehomeless hundreds in the State,with the attendant increase incounty taxes and the increase in delinquency through the evil surroundings of the poorhouses inwhich they must find shelter.For this humanitarian cause, thepeople of the State are asked for$100,000 by Christmas in order thatwork may be started by early spring.naun) fuel(Washington Star)For a long time liquid fuel wasemployed only for steam production,but an indication of the wide application that it may have in manyforms of industry is afforded by theexperience of the owners of a largeglass manufactory at South Hackney, in England. The experimentsthere were begun more than tenyears ago and after overcomingmany difficulties, a special form ofburner was evolved which appearsto be entirely satisfactory. Four tofive thousand gallons of oil areburned every week with perfectcombustion and a total absence ofsmoke, and the temperature obtained ranges from that of a baker'soven to that required for meltingcrucible steel. Elsewhere in England liquid fuel has been applied touch industries as the distillation ofpetroleum, steel smelting, heatingthe kilns for the production of arttile glazing, carbonizing electriclight filaments and heating furnacesof various kinds.JAZZ IS WATCHWORD&BRIHTISI,EVENINGSt m?sCJrACJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame,In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil lightAnd later on,How time does pus- Her home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light."Jazz" is the watchword in thepublicity branch of the postofficeDepartment. Postmaster GeneralWork believes that it is a mistaketo have the doings of the postal service told in solemn, stilted languageof the ordinary government reports,hence the following sprightly gemsfrom a batch of postoffice "handouts:" "You can go to Europe for twelvecents on three conditions. First,you must die; second, you must becremated; third, your ashes mustnot weigh .more than a pound."According to figures compiled bvthe Postoffice Department every manin the United States sent one specialdelivery letter and every other manreceived a reply, or, in the event itis the women who are the biggestusers of the delfvery stamp." Everywoman sent one and every otherwoman received one in reply. Thegeneral belief that these rush lettersare assorted' with summer time, orlove time, was given a rude shockwhen the figures disclosed that morespecials are sent in the last quarterof the year. The negro is the mostextensive user of the oblong stamp,some of them putting one on eachletter they send, whether to carrythe suggestion of importance or really with an idea to obtain speed,of course cannot be determined without the aid of a psychologist."The new special delivery stampand the proposal to change otherstamps designs has opened a fertilefield of imagination and the Postoffice Department daily is receivingsuggestions for modernizing its postage. "The -suggestions cover a widerange and are not confined to stampsalone but indicate a desire on theposters to bring up to date everything under thesun. One goes sofar as to suggest bobbed hair andhigher heeled shoes for the Staftfeof Liberty."Another patriotic citizen wants apicture of Charles Chaplin on thecent stamp and a cut of Babe Ruthswinging his bat on the two's. Outin Kansas they want the man plowing: with oxen on Sf-nfo spni o-itro o0ll(u tfccity haircut and a seat on moderntractor, while on the reverse side, ifthere is a reverse side to a seal, theysuggests an action scene showing"Billy White and Henry Allen pulling each others ears."CHICKENS DRINK ILLICIT BEER;WHIP BULLDOaInebriate chiickens on his farmhave so incensed George W. Perry,on the Dayton pike, near Dayton,Ky., that he has asked James M.Wood, prohibition agent, to apprehend the person ox .persons whofurnish the fowls with moonshinewhisky.It has been an all too commonsight on his farm for several days,Perry said, for the chickens to betrying stunts that mother naturenever intended they should attempt.A heretofore meek old hen was observed to be trying to fight a" bulldog, finally putting the dog toflight. The reason, Perry toldWood, is that moonshiners operating somewhere in the neighborhoodhad poured their mash on his farmand the chickens partook liberallyof it.The spree was fatal to some of thechickens.QUEER LEGAL QUESTION OVER$400 OVERDRAFTA knotty legal tangle that maygo to the State Supreme Court before final determination is disclosedin the trial of E. H. Cunningham, ofCuyahoga Falls, Ohio, on a chargeof grand larceny.The facts, according to the indictment upon which he will be triedare that Cunningham carried an account with the Ohio State Bankand Trust Company, and that, uponinquiring his balance, was told thatit was $414. He wrote a check anddrew this amount. It is declared,however, that his actual balancewas $14.The defense asserts that Cunningham made no false statements andthat the money was paid him voluntarily.EX-KAISER LIKELY TOIN NOVEMBERMARRYThe marriage of former EmperorWilliam to the widowed PrincessSermine Von Schoenaich-Carolathprobably will take place in November, it was announced after a familycouncil of the house of Hohenzollern held at Potsdam.The council was attended by .allthe ex-Kaiser's sons with the exception of ex-Crown Prince FrederickWilliam, who is with his father atDoom. All the sons and the exCrown Princess have consented tothe marriage, it is stated.The announcement was made byFrederick Von Berg, chief of thecivil cabinet of the House of Hohenzollern. Princess Von Schoenaich-Carolathwas born Princess Ruess of theelder line.iMiniiiitiiiiiiiiiMritiiiiiiMiiiinniiimnMt,GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceIBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 299lllllllf "MI1IIIIT MlllirMllllMMIIIIIIIIut;"Missing Since Monday" headline. You can's blame her, sinceMonday is wash day.Try Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTBINGHAM' LAW COPIED BYOTHER INTERESTS .Dudes are those who have beenruined by substituting cologne water for axle-grease.Paris Gas ft Electric Co.The man of one idea alwavs hnato be tending it; the man of, manyideas can let the children entertainone another.Passage of the Bingham Co-operativeMarketing Act and the practical demonstration of its benefitsin the disposal of the 1921 burleytobacco crop, has furnished thestimulus and resulted in the organization of a number of associationsof growers devoted to the productionOf Other snecialized nffrimiltnrnl! crops in Kentucky.Strawberry and grass seed growers were quick to take advantage ofthe law affording a systematic andfeasible marketing plan that givesthe producer some say in the disposition of his crop. -The indicationsare that in time the Bingham lawI will be adopted by the growers ofj other commodities in organizing associations for their mutual benefitand better returns for what thyraise.The Bingham law has been onthe statute books only a few months jbut already it has demonstrated thatit is a boon to the agricultural interests of the State.?Probably.When a girl admits she didn'tmean what she said about refusing totake back her promise to change hermind, she was probably mistaken inthe first place, and doesn't reallymean it.Japanese Interpret Films.In all motion picture theaters inJapan there Is always a speaker whodramatically explains each picture,because the English words shown onthe screen are unihtelligible'to the audience. " .KsOreH?Sgjpr.-jBARN PAINTrr.r-suS&H3usm,Esns-ftT . . 1liignt now mere is athief prowling 'round "yout barnWHEREVER there is a patch 1of bare or poorly painted sur- Iface, there he destroys the fibre and Jsteals the value. fHis name is Rot, and he'll rob youevery day until he is driven off andkept off by the consistant applicationof Paint.Devoe Barn Paint defeats Rot foryears. It coats the wood with atough long lasting film that resiststhe action of the air, sun and rain.It makes farm buildings last longer:look better; and worth more.Devoe Products are time-tested andproven, backed by 168 years' experience of the oldest paint manufacturingconcern in the U. S. Founded 1754.The J. T. Hinton Co.if?&&;:'!&'Jtrn?' Z&Z?STONE BURIAL VAULTSwltm'O'mBicS 1 vi&w ? s - - MailSi one Burial Vaults are Nature's own material. No rust, no decayEndure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERY CO. Paris, KentuckyFARreri-?;yCTraq1HE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each. $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown - Deposit Banlf,Norths Middletown.Kentucky JointStockLandBankSecurity Trust BIdfi. Lexiajfcton, Ky.All WorkDeliveredOn TimemNLOAN' St---I) :r ,,.,--K- sTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1921ggg Lim-jt- jrrrjjKtsir r" -'rOUWiilleeon a fAe$ Aac;e feeThe only way to get aGillette shave is witha Gillette RazorHere's a genuineGillette for $1 the"Brownie" With 3 fineGillette bladesNow at all DealersGILLETTE SAFETYJfrEW TAEIIT EXPECTED TOEAISE MILLIONSThe new rates of the tariff act of1922 are applying to-day on theHow of American imports. The law,marking a new phase in the historyof America, tariff, making in itsdelegation to the President of broadpowers under the elastic rate provisions, went into effect at midnight, Friday, with all collectors ofcustoms previously instructed as toits provision, which, became operative at once. Millions of dollars ofrevenue, officials believe, will beraised immediately from the assessment of new duties on goods in bondor in transit to ports of entry.With the going into effect of thelaw, the Tariff Commission, as theagency through which the Presidentwill exercise his new authority toincrease or decrease rate and tochange from foreign to Americanvaluation as the basis for assessingad valorem duties, assumes a greatlyenlarged function.ADDING MACHINE EOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abl stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andAre absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.0Faint heart never won fair lady,but faint light has.In 1877We established in Cincinnatia store founded upon the principle of truth, honesty andcourtesy. It flourished.Then in 1889 We built a buildingwhich at that time was considered thelast word in modern store buildings.Again in later years We improvedand reconstructed the interior of thisbuilding until at this writing, it is oneof the most modern business blocks inthis city.That is only part of the story Ourmerchandise is alwas the most trustworthyour service the best that maybe given our prices reasonable.Men, women and children can procure here every thing desirable inthings to wear.The rest, reading, writing and checking roomsare established for your complimentary use.CINCINNATI'S GREATEST STOKE. OVMt l.'"" iia- juiuiLtpnivi" l" iI- Ok. vC- -with 3CnuinGilUtt BUUworld there' ioa Gillette shavecARAZOR CO., Bartoa. U.S. A.IT'S GrOIN' A BAINI 'lowed to go a fishin', an' I had mybait all dug,I had my eatin' wrapped up an' somewater in a jug,I had some dough balls ready an'some minnies an' a seineBut never got to use 'em, 'cause Masays, "It's a goin' a rain."Yould think a little water wouldjust do a feller good,But Ma says it would kill me, sheknows good an' well it would.I'd have pneumonia fevers er arheumatism pain,An' so I had to give up when Masays, "It's goin' a rain."But what made me the maddest,"was the way she knowed itwouldShe 'lowed it was a shore sign an'that fail it- never couldShe said her corn was hurtin', achedwith all its might and main,An when it acts up that waywhy look out it's goin' a rain!Maud Sparks Crawford.oA Good Job."When de birds staht singin' In demawnln' an all aroun' de smell o'honeysuckle staht creepin' up into aman's soul," said Charcoal "Eph,ruminatively, 'T got t' admit God donemade a mighty good job o' dls hyarol' world." Richmond Times-Dispatch.. r- -,.fcCV"- .Sft$3CINCINNATIfr .ijWW W " ' fsKHBBBi"L ' XHg BOURBON- NEWS,I l l I 1 II I ' I ' 01PICTURED BALLOTSBefore the adoption of the present compulsory State Primary lawnominations were made in primariesordered by and conducted under theauspices of the party nominees.There was little or no uniformityabout the system and scant check onfavoritism as between the candidates. Under the committee primarysystem in some-counties each candidate was allowed an individual emblem or device of his own selectionwhich made the ballot resemble theproof sheet of stock electrotypes.With sometimes a half hundredcandidates on the ballot, the printerwas hard put for enough cuts to goaround and often it happened under such circumstances that the ballot carried about every pictorialembellishment the printshop provided. Even the stud and jack cutswere utilized and candidates foroffice found themselves running under all sorts of ludicrous and outlandish pictures.One candidate would have his device the picture of a cow, while another would have a wagon, a book,a lamp, a sawbuck', a clown, a rabbit, a bird, a hat or any other pictorial emblem that could be mustered even if it had to be borrowedfrom a standing advertisement.It was during the 1916 session ofballots were blanket affairs and required the largest bed country pressto accommodate them in printing.Like everything else the pictureemblem business got to be overdoneand abused and there was much relief when the Legislature adoptedthe State Primary law and did awaywith individual pictures on the ballots. OLD-TIME BEFOBMSNearly every State in the Unionhas effected some revolutionary reforms, but none of them has replaced its Legislature of two branches with a single House system, yetsuch a plan once was proposed forKentucky. It involved an amendment to the State Constitution, butnever got any farther than the pigeon hole of a committee room,and their replacement with an Asthe General Assembly, that it wasprosposed to amend the organic lawto provide for the abolishment ofthe time-honored legislative systemof a Senate with thirty-eight members and a House of 100 membersand ther replacement with an Assembly of twenty-five' Commissioners to exercise all the legislativefunctions and make the laws for theState.Eventually such a scheme may beadopted by some of the States, butthe chances are that Kentucky willnot be a pioneer in a movement soradical.A BEMABKABLE PACTA remarkable fact is shown inthe election of directors of the Burley Tobacco Association by the reelection of every one of the 22 olddirectors, showing that the peopleappreciate the efficient and unselfishservice rendered by them in thepast.IIWxilvKttl M fflmmMjmmm..m iPARISr .T&ElSTnjiUNIVERSITY OF FLYINGAdvanced School Soon to Be Established In Texas.Newest Form of Training In Air Sepv-Ice to" Be Provided by "UnitedStates Army Ninety Listedin Initial Class.San Antonio, Tex. Development ofone of the largest flying base? of thegovernment air service at San Antoniois expected by air service officials withthe transfer ofehe primary and observation schools to tills point recently.The latest development of the flyingbase here is the establishment of anadvanced flying school.The opening of the advanced school,designated by air service officers as a"flying university," is the newest formof training in the air service, according to Maj. John N. Reynolds, officerin charge of the new courses. Theschool is located at Kelly field. Thirtycadets and 60 officers have entered theinitial classes, and it is expected thisnumber will be increased greatly withthe opening of the fall term in September. The advanced instruction offered inthe "flying university"' is divided intofour branches bombardment, pursuit,observation and attack, the primarygroups of the air service. Embryoflyers will be graduated from the primary school, just removed from Carlstrom field, Florida, to Brooks fieldhere? and then advanced to the highertraining. The. two schools will bearthe same relation as high school anduniversity, air officials state.The present strength of Kelly fieldis 1,165 men and 108 officers, according to air service officials, while thatof Brooks field Is 350 men and 45 officers. This number will be greatly increased with the opening of the fallcourse, when 130 planes will be put inoperation, at Brooks field, it is said.Approximately 100 planes are now inoperation at Kelly field.POLAND'S CATTLE INCREASECensus Shows Horses Are Also Near-ing Numbers of re-WarTimes.Warsaw. A census of Poland'shorses and cattle shows that, in theterritory of new Poland, the totalsgradually are approaching those of thepre-war period.The country now has 3,200,000horses, as compared to 3,500,000 In1013 ; 7,900,000 head of cattle, as compared to 8,100,000; 2,200,000 sheep, ascompared to 3,600,000, and 5,200,000hogs, as compared to 5,600,000 in thelast year before the war.New Serum for Cancer.Berlin. Announcement of a new serum for the treatment of cancer hasbeen made in Karlsruhe by DoctorMuhlebein. The physician declaredthat he has treated a large number ofpeople with complete success. Heclaims, also, to have perfected anotherserum which will restore falling sightalmost Instantly.Find $5,000 In Stolen Silks.Hammond, Ind. Five thousand doPlars' worth of silks consigned to a Chicago department store was foundstrewn along the Pennsylvania railroad near the county line wherethieves had stolen them from a train.The thieves had evidently been frightened away.Jury Deliberates Fifteen Days.Pittsburgh, Pa. James J. Flannery,wealthy clubman, charged with themurder of his young wife In February,was acquitted after the jury had deliberated fifteen nights and fourteendays. It was the longest deliberationof a jury in the history of Alleghenycounty.Bullets Glance From Head of Man.Billings, Mont. Two bullets whichstruck his forehead but glanced awaywithout serious injury prevented FredD. Mill from shooting himself after heshot his sister-in-law, Mrs. HenryStroh, in the leg. The woman's woundIs not serious. Mill was intoxicatedat the time, police say.Girl Is Underwater Soprano.Washington. Bernice Hackney isan underwater soprano. She entertains her friends by singing while under water. She doesn't know how shedoes it. She says she simply opensher mouth and sings, while her friendshold their ears to the surface of thewater and listen. -Are Extinct Bugs.Livingston, Mont. Insects, buried forthousands of years in a glacier in Yellowstone park, known as Grasshopperglacier, are not grasshoppers at all,but an unclassified insect now extinct,according to William C. Alden, expertin glacial geology for the UnitedStates government."i mini iiiHiiiiiMimmiim nuiciiimii i iiilMtmiiiimtiiitiiiniMiuvPolice Sergeant SavedOwn Son From DrowningPolice Sergt. Charles Tuley ofVancouver, B. C, was strollingalong English bay when he heardthe cry of "boy drowning." Fullydressed, he jumped Into the water and seized the lad, who wasabout to sink: for the Jhlrd time.Taking, the body ashore, he discovered, he had rescued, hit own.son.CRT ' '": mi """ " L-"l -'" V-tfg, - -. pjUtm7flfr- --TT TM-nr- -i - m . ,;-, -THE TTNLYERSAL CA1" -You Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYParis, Kentuckyi BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4$ erS1 &-v Hf" jf nP "IO Ik7L AThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyxixigyxKHxKgy.sgHixaiafLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGWE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.nvlffJi'LlTfllTwo -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St, Near. Main. Both PhoaeaiXlHXMttCILaundryWest Fifli StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!xTTT i T 11 1 1w ltn an tne latest improve- mmerits in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are jfprepared to do work infe- Irlor to none, and solicit cyour patronage. f: a My, a&3?"If-rt .7& V4v.It-:-..-a-titVfif 'I T-IIv -"-'tfe T "- -rzrvK"- .- - 'M'S1f- " a'Hfc--r-7 J--l,-0PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER ft, 122'N."."5-r MILLMURGlattrtcting News Items From Bourbon 'Cdunty's College-TownMATRIMONIALMA. Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AtThe Days Go ByRoy Pope, of Ashland, is thetruest of Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Bruce' Mrs. Elizabeth Calhoun, ofilmgo, Ga., is tne guest or ner son,JDr. j! D. Calhoun, and family.S. H. Endicott has returnedfrom Denver, Colorado, where heihas heen with his son, Albert-Endi-cott.Mrs. Mary E. Boston and son,-John Boston, spent Saturday with31iss Elizabeth Boston, a student atTC. TL, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. John Harris, Mr.and Mrs. John Robbins, guests ofIRev. G. W. Nutter, have returnedto their home in Nicholasville.Miss Martha Purdy, student ofTransylvania College, Lexington,-was the week-end guests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Horace Purdy. xProf. Harry Best, of the Uni--versityof Kentucky, was "the guestlor the week-end of his aunt, Mrs.bailie Miller, and brother, A. S.33est, and family.The pastor and members of theChristian church will attend the-.State convention, which is in session at the Christian church in3?aris this week.Miss Nannie Clarke, Mrs. Bedford, Mr. Tom Thorn, Mrs. JamesRalls, Mr. and Mrs. John Purdy-were guests of Miss Bessie Payne inCJynthiana, Saturday.Mr. and Mts. S. C. Carpenter,Dr. C. .B. Smith and Mrs. Smith,3Iiss Emma ' Reynolds, Mr. 'GeorgeReynolds, and Miss Bertie Stokerwere guests of Mr. and Mrs. Georgestoker, for the day at their countrySiome, near Millersburg. vThe woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church gave areception in the chur.ch Monday-night in honor of their 'pastor, Rev.Trice Smith, and family. The pasttorfi Rev. Smith the faculty and students of Millersburg College, thefaculty and students of Millers"burg Military Institute, the faculty:and students of the Bourbon County High School, and the pastors andtheir wives. Light refreshmentswere served. An interesting program was also given.Albert Endicott, who has been511 in a hospital in Denver, Colo--rado,died Thursday. Mr. Endicott"-was the son of Mr. S. H. Endicott-.and brother of Mr. Roy Endicott, of3klillersburg. Mr. Endicott was a-native of Millersburg. He was a-veteran of the World War, enlisting,at Atlanta, Ga., at the beginning ofhe war. He served as first lieutenant, later being promoted to theTank ofcaptain, and saw active service overseas. The body was bur3ied in Detroit, Mich.ySweatersLittle Boys' Sweatersages 4 to 8 yearsIncoat and Slipover$2.50 and $3.00Boys' Sweaters, from 8years to 17 years$1.00 to $6.00Boys' Sweaters in Slip-overs in black andorange$2.00 $5.00N$3.00 $6.00Men's Sweaters in allkinds and colors$1.50 to $10.00Men's Jersey CoatSweaters$4.50 to $10.00Price & Co.ClothiersCounty Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Saturday afternoon to Charles McFeena, twenty-five,and Miss Julia Hickerson,twenty-three, both of Bourboncounty. Mr. McFeena is a son ofMr. and Mrs. Robert McFeena, andthe prospective bride is a daughterof Mi, and Mrs. Ollie Hickerson, ofnear Paris.DEATHSSMITH TRENARYMiss Olive Smith and Mr-J. L.Trenary, both of Butler, Ohio, weremarried in Paris at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. After the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Trenary returned to Butler, where the bridegroom is engaged in business.ATKINS POEThe wedding of Lester B. Poeand Miss Blanche Atkins, both ofGeorgetown, was solemnized at noonWednesday at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. After a short weddingtrip Mr. and Mrs. Poe returned toGeorgetown, where they will reside.The bridegroom, who is a city mailcarrier, is a son of Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Poe, of Georgetown. The brideis a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robt.Atkins, of Scott county.DOWNING SLINKERFrank Slinker, twenty-three,lineman employed by the KentuckyTraction & Terminal Company, between Paris and Lexington, andMss Lillian Downing, seventeen,daughter of Mrs. Berkley, of thesub-station, near Paris," eloped toJeffersonville, Indiana, Saturday,and were married by a Jeffersonvilleminister. The bride was taking acourse of study at a Lexington business college, and had been employedas a stenographer in the office ofthe interurban power station atLoudon avenue, in Lexington.TOMPKINS COTTINGHAMThe marriage of Miss IsabelleTompkins, of Lexington, to Mr.Wayne Cottinghan, of Louisville,formerly of Lexington and Paris,was solemnized yesterday afternoon at one o'clock in Louisville,at -the home of the officiating minister, Dr. J. W. Porter, pastor ofthe Third Avenue Baptist church.The wedding is of especial interest in Paris, the home of the groom,where he is universally popular.Mr. Cottingham 'is the son of Mr.and Mrs. A. W. Cottingham, ofParis, a graduate of the Paris HighSchool, an alumnus of the University of Kentucky, and has a splendidrecord as a newspaper man. He wasa member of the Lexington Leader'sreportorial staff, leaving Lexingtonto take a position on the staff of theLouisville Courier-Journal and laterbeing connected with the Louisvilleoffice of the Associated Press. Heis a brother of Mrs. Richard T. Anderson, of Lexington. His bride isa daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. B.Tompkins, of Lexington, and is ayoung woman of attractive personality and ability. She is an alumnaof Georgetown College, and for sometime was secretary to Harry Giovannoli, editor of the LexingtonLeader.THE NEWS extends heartiest congratulations to Mr. Cottingham andhis bride, and in common with thenumerous host of friends in Parisand vicinity, wishes them all joyand happiness in their wedded life.After a short wedding tour Mr.and Mrs. Cottingham will return toLouisville, and be "at home" totheir friends after October 2.nlife Is But A Brief Span, A v DebtThat All Must Pay. ENDICOTTA message received in Millersburg announced the death in a hospital in Denver, Colorado, of AlbertEndicott, aged twenty-eight, following an illness of two weeks. Theyoung man was a son of S. H. Endicott, and a brother of Roy Endicott,of Millersburg. He was a veteranof the World War, enlisting at Atlanta, Georgia, at the beginning ofthe war. He served as first lieutenant, being promoted to the rankof Captain, and saw service overseas. The funeral and burial washeld at Detroit,. Michigan, lastweek.MOORE -Dr. A. R. Moore, a native ofBourbon county, died suddenly athis home in Atlanta, Georgia, Friday. A telegram to his sister, Mrs.A. G. Payne, in Lexington, statedthat he had been found dead in hisbed.Dr. Moore w&s born and rearedwithin five miles . of the old CaneRidge church, near North Middletown. His grandfather came intothe. church under the leadership of"Raccoon" John Smith, the notedevangelist. Mr. Moore became amember of the church at the ge often years, making the confession un,der the preaching of Eld. MosesLard, and being baptized t by Rev.John S. Sweeney, of the Parischurch. He graduated at the age ofeighteen at the North MiddletownClassical College, of. which E. V.Zollars was then -president. Attwenty he graduated from the classical department of the College of theBible. Dr. Moore has held pastorrates at different parts of the countryhis last charge being at Atlanta.Dr. Moore spent the month of August visiting friends and relativesin this section. He had not been inthe best of health, and the news ofhis death came as a distinct shock tohis hundreds of friends and relativesthroughout the Blue Grass region.He had recently accepted a call aspresident of the Southeastern Christian College, at Auburn, Georgia.Dr. Moore is survived by his widow and. four children, James A.Moore, pastor of the First ChristianChurch, of Macon, Ga.; Wright T..Moore, pastor of the First Christianchurch, Greenville, Miss.; RussellMoore, treasurer of the Savanah,Ga., Utilities Co.; and Mrs. MaryMoore, of Savannah, Ga. His onlybrother, Dr. C. E. Moore, is pastorof the First Christian church, ofBrownwood, Tenn.The funeral was held in tlfte FirstChristian church, in Atlanta, Ga.,Sunday afternoon, and the interment followed at Savanah, Ga., yesterday afternoon.BIRTHSBUCKNER WOODFORD APPOINTED RECEIVERAs a result of agreement amongattorneys reperesenting heirs of thejlate W. W. Massie and heirs of thelate Wm. C. Massie, and others interested in the settlement of the W.C. Massie estate, Mr. Buckner Woodford, of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank '& Trust Company, has beenappointed as receiver. Mr. Woodford will-take charge of the Massielands, and real estate located inParis, rent and keep property in repair, collect rents, etc., until litigation is settled.The matter was brought beforeJudge Dedman, who gave his decision yesterday at Carlisle, where hewas engaged professionally. Robt.C. Talbott represented James McClure, executor of the Massie estate,and Judge Denis Dundon represented Mr. Woodford in the proceedings.The motion to appoint a receiverwas made by Attorney John J. Willams. oSCHOOL NEWSProf. Farquhar and Dr. Tuthillwill meet their classes in Englishand History Saturday, September30, at 9 o'clock and 10 o'clock-re-spectively.Every one interested in thesecourses are nvited to join Saturday.Paris High School plays its second game of football Friday afternoon at 3:00 o'clock on HancockIn Winchester, to the wife ofDrake Vaughn, a daughter, secondborn, both girls. Mrs. Vaughn wasNJformerly Miss Willis, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Sam Willis, of Paris.LODGE NOTES.piOn October 3rth the children ofthe Pythian Home will be taken tothe district convention to be held atBowling Green at that date.The meeting for district No. 13,Knights of Pythias, will be held inVersailles. Members from Lexington, Paris, Berry, Cynthiana, Sadieville and Versailles are expected tomeet in good numbers at this convention. The lodges in this district are: Rathbone No. 12, Paris;Phantom No. 15, Lexington; Phoenix No. 25, Lexington; Gray No. 27,Versailles; Quinby No. 58, Cynthiana; Berry No. 108, Berry; Big Eagle No. 120, Sadieville; PythianHome No. 217, Lexington.A reception will be tenderedMayor E. B. January, of Paris,Grand Master of the Kentucky I.O. O. F. lodge, on Monday evening,October 2, by Rathbone Lodge No.23, I. O. O. F. and the Paris Lodgeof Rebekas. This courtesy is extended in anticipation of the Statemeeting of the Grand Lodge whichmeets at an early date in Richmond,where Grand Master January, byvirtue of his office, becomes Past'Grand Master. Mr. January's placeat the head of the order is a meritedhonor won by a determination tonot only maintain the presentstandard, but to place the I.X). O.F. on a higher plane throughout theState.' 9G2- &, -"V - $ , .ALAMO2:00 to 5:00PRICESAd ults 3 O cChildren lOcTuesday- Here He Is, the funny Man -TuesdayMAX LINDERin "BE MY WIFE"-SAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets...On Sale at Box OfficeHIGRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults 30cGallery- 20cChildren 1 Ocmere's many a close shave for this lover before he lands a wife Everyone a clean-cut laugh for you. Don't fail to see Max Linder in hislatest comedy sensation.ALSO MTJTT AND JEFF IN 'TAST FREIGHT,"STANDARD COMEDY, "BETTY, THE VAMP."WednesdayBETTYSOMETHING NIW FORYOU TO ENJOYWednesday" in "TheJ)CO M PSO N Green TemptationDances More sensational than ,you have ever seen before. Thrills ofthe Paris underworld and the jeweled ball rooms of society. Romanceof a beautiful dancing girl and her struggle to love and happiness.ALSO PATHE NEWSAND CHESTER COMEDY, "YOU'LL BE' SURPRISED"Thursday A PEEP AT THE STARS ThursdayJUST LOOK AT THEMDorothy Dalton Conrad NagelMildred Harris and Theodore KosloffINf J oofs ZParadiseDorothy Dalton, Conrad Nagle, Mildred Harris and Theorore Kosloff, in"Fool's Paradise," the greatest picture Cecil B. DeMille ever made.Other, stars included in this wonderful production are John Davidsonand Julia Faye If you miss this picture you miss the best picture evershown in Paris. Only here one day.RELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligiousCircles For Xresent and"FutureThe Sunshine Circle of the ParisPresbyterian church, has claimedSaturday, October 7, as the date forholding their parcel post sale.' The first district meeting of theElkhorn Woman's Missionary Unionwill be held with the Paris district,to-day (Tuesday) at ten o'clock:,with Mrs. Walter Clark, chairmanof the district, presiding.The Blue Grass B. Y. P. TJ. Association will hold a two-days' session Thursday and Friday, October5 and 6, in the Central Baptistchurch, in Winchester. A numberof good speakers will be on theprogram. Dr. Gibson, of Louisville,will be one of the features. SeveralParis delegates will take part in theproceedings.rWELCOMECHRISTIAN CHURCHDELEGATESWE WELCOME "YOU TO OUR TOWNAND WANT YOU TO FEEL PERFECTLYAT HOME IN OUR STOREto$02DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYHEALTH BOARD NOTICEParis, Ky., Sept. 26, 1922.Persons who have not compliedwith the city ordinance requiringthe tuberculin test for cows, mustcease to deliver any dairy products,milk, sweet or sour, or butter,within the city of Paris after theabove date and until such test shallhave been made and reported to theCity Health Officers.A. H. KELLER,City Health Oftlcer.By order of the Board of Health,Dr. J. M. Williams, Dr. Jo S. Varden, Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland.(26-29)iFBetter Values Than EverAt Paris' Greatest Shoe Store!Newest Fall Footwear that combines style and. quality atsurprising money-saving prices. Buy now and save moneyon school shoes. BETTER SHOES FOR LESS PRICES.h-Boys' and Youths' Tan SchoolShoes; newest fall styles; allsolid leather; a wonderful value;on sale at - K$2-95Special Ladies' Kid StrapSlippers1$1.00Ladies' new fall Oxfords in Patentand Tan; medium low heel; aquality Oxford at a great saving;"on sale at$3.95School Shoe Special Misses' andChildrens' Tan Lace Boots; size9 up to 2. Special$1.99WALKOVERS NewestAutumnStylesareNowHereBoys' and Youths' new fall SchoolShoe; tan leather; .all sizes, 13 upto 6. On sale at $1.99 and .$2.45Men's Tan OutingShoe . ', j -.- -.$1.79Special values Ladies' and GrowingGirls' Tan Lace Shoes, RubberHeels, English styles. Save a dollar on sale price$2.95Ladies' newest styles Satin StrapSlippers; baby Louis heels orcushion heels. SpecialS2.85POSNE.R BROSDAN COHEN STAND336 MAIN STREETI Field. Their opponents in this con-II j test will be the Freshman team of"Qt- ,. . j.-4- sr -,4X'" --J utfi--,t ,JMSK.Jn-. 5 Ou.m ii Jk?v" ij&:ra.-r V jTwk -PCGa. --- W Mfer Jv J?- ;. , spy m&'S s.t' "'.-.