WA-'&'.$'r-s& HT ,:iTHEtf"NEWS-U V3t? iPUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1922-uBOURBONs8rV4. -JflrAPPELLATE COUET SITSTAINSJARIS WATEE COMPANYThe temporary injunction issuedagainst the Paris Water Company atthe Instance of Sheriff M. Peale Collier, in the Bourbon Circuit Court,June 28, last, restraining the company from shutting off the water ofthose citizens who declined to payan advance of approximately 33 1-3per cent, was dissolved Tuesday ina memorandum opinion of JudgeAugustus Thomas, of the Court ofAppeals. Judge Thomas sustainedthe water company's motion to dissolve the injunction and the casewill be heard later on its merits."It is neither alleged nor shownthat the water company is insolvent," says the opinion, addingthat, "the presumption is that it issolvent. If so, the short time consumed in having the question determined on a final submission will discommode the citizens but little, andthe accumulated excess of the ratesdemanded over and above the contract rates will be small and theTelatives rights of the parties caneasily be taken care of in a finaljudgment."Temporary injunctions shouldnot be issued unless great and irreparable injury will result, and if itbe true that the company has theright to charge the increased rate, iffurthermore has the right to shut offthe water from the premises of anyone who refuses to pay them."Judge William Rogers Clay, theonly other member of the courtthere, concurred in the opinion,o-BOURBON BOYS FOB MILITARYTRAINING CAMPMore than a hundred young meniroin Central and Eastern Kentuckyhave been selected for the citizens'military training camp period of onemonth, beginning August 1, according to a list received from the wardepartment. Transportation fromtheir homes and subsistence and uniforms while they are in camp will befurnished.The following boys from Bourboncounty are included in the number:"Houston Jacoby, Hiram M. Taylorand Craig B. Tucker.HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(july7 tf )"THE PRIDE OF PARIS"OURpUYERS NOW IN THE MARKETMADE SOME REMARKABLE PURCHASES250 Gingham DressesFor Street Bungalow and Porch French andFins Tissues Some worth to $7.00$2.98 and $3.98Sizes to 48$13.50 and $15.00Fine VoilesSizes 42 1-2 to 541-2$7.95Dark Colors' ImportedDottedJ V ' Values to $16.50$9.85All SizesVoile DressesDark Colors$5.00Silk FoulardsRegular sizes also in stouts Values to $50,00 at$28.50 to $34.50DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYIfriTHryiA-' . T " &-A. W- -..y - xr. -r -LOCAL MAN TREAStJRER OF SEEDASSOCIATION IAt the recent meeting of the Bluegrass Seed Growers' Association, heldin Lexington, John W. Jones, ofBourbon county, was elected to theposition of treasurer. Other officerselected were: T. W. Brock, of Clarkcounty, president; Robert Beatty, ofFayette county, vice-president; ClarkPatterson, of Mt. Sterling, secretary.The executive committee of theAssociation met at Winchester, withthe Paris and Winchester cleaners,and entered into an agreement forthe prompt handling and marketingof the association seed, by the cleaners on a reasonable basis. The perfecting of this agreement has calledfor a number of meetings whichhave resulted in making a contractagreeable to all.This will make an efficient andmost business like arrangement formarketing the association's seed, asthese cleaners are prepared and andequipped to handle and clean theseed and prepare it for the markef,and their services in selling it willbe most valuable to the association,considering their knowledge andrapid strides in arranging its business and gives promise of large results for the Blue Grass seed business in Central Kentucky. Thismeans much for the prosperity ofthis section of the State, and standssecond only to the tobacco organization in importance.oORDER YOUR BLACKBERRIESDon't wait until they are allgone before you place your order.Order to-day and you will get themas soon as possible.C. P. COOK & COoLON CHANEY, IN "THE ACE OFHEARTS."Lon Chaney, whose remarkableperformance in "The Penalty" willgo down in the history of motionpicture production, as an extraordinary physical as well as histronicachievement, plays the lead in "Aceof Hearts," a Gouverneur Morrispitcure, coming to the Alamo andGrand, Monday afternoon and night.This is the third picture made byGoldwin in which Chancy has playedand it marks one of his biggest successes since "Th'e Miracle Man."oIt is a pleasure to sell Tanlac,because those who buy it come backand praise it. Tanlac is sold by allgood druggists. (adv)hi iNormandySwissesHAF . Imm i ;J- Sir -? - 5"""CHRISTIAN CHURCH AND BIBLESCHOOL COUNTY CONVENTIONThe annual convention of theChristian churches and Bible schoolsof Bourbon county will be held inthe Paris Christian church, on Tuesday and Wednesday, July 25 and 26.The program for the two-days' session follows:TUESDAY MORNING9:30 Devotional JVtrs. Robt. Hopkins. 9 : 4 5 President's Welcome.9:50 How Can We Increase andHold Our Bible School Enrollment J. W. Jones.10 : 00 Discussion.10:05 How Can We Grade a SmallBible School R. H. Ellett.10 : 15 Discussion.10:20 How Can We Have Successful Teacher Training N.H. Shropshire.10:3 0 Discussion.10:35 Who Should Plan the Workof the Bible School, andWhen W. O. Hinton.10:4 5 Discussion.10:50 How Can Religious Education Make Better HomesWard Russell.11:00 Music.11:05 What Should a Bible SchoolWorker Read W. E. Ellis.11:15-11:20-Discussion.What Does the C. E. Do forYoung People F. M. Tinder. 11:30 Appointment of Committees;1, Nominations; 2, Place;3, Courtesy.11:35 The Church of the FutureState Worker.11 : 55 Intercession.12:00 Adjournment for Dinner.TUESDAY AFTERNOON1:00 Hymn and Invocation.1 : 1 0 Business Session.1:30 Benevolences in Kentucky;Widows' and Orphans'Home; What Would YouLike to Know About TheseInstitutions J. S. Hilton.2:30 Christian Education In Kentucky.(1) Ministerial SupplyMunroe Schuster.(2) Christian Education ForAll W. C. Bower.3 : 3 0 Adjournment.7 : 3 0 Tuesday Evening Anspirational Service.WEDNESDAY MORNING9 : 3 0 Devotional Mrs. J.In-D.Booth.9:45 Trained Church LeadersF. M. Nutter.10:15 The Ministers and TheirHelpers In Evangelism H.A. Moore.10:45 Special Music.10:50 Country Program For YearState Worker.11:35 Our Financial Resourcesand Kingdom ObligationsState Worker.12:00 Noon Lunch.WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON1:00 Hymn and Invocation.1:10 Business Session.1:20 Devotional Mrs. WalterPayne.1:35 Roll Call of Societies (Answering with a report.)1 : 5 0 Address State Worker.2:15 Circle Development Mrs.W. W. Judy.2:30 Boys' and Girls' Development Local Worker.2:45-Aims and Plans for the NewYear in the County.Adjournment.3:15-NEW HOUSE FOR SALEKEW 7-B00H HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELEC'TEIC IJGHTS, LOCATED ON,N0BTH CLIFTON AVENUE., BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tfoPROMINENT ALABAMA EDUCAI TOE SPEAKS HEBEI Philander P. Claxton, president ofthe University of Alabama, and former United States Commissioner ofEducation, delivered an address yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock tothe students of the Bourbon CountyNormal School, in the High SchoolAuditorium.Prjesident Claxton is one of theforemost educators in America. Hisaddress was an inspiring and interesting one, and was heard with thegreatest interest by a large audience composed of pupils, teachersand citizens of the city and county.In the forenoon, Prof. W. E.Freeman, of the University of Kentucky, delivered a splendid addressto the teachers and pupils.JOINS CAMPING BOY SCOUTSWilliam Jordan, son of Mr. andMrs. Dan Jordan, of Paris, joined thedetachment of Lexington Boy Scoutswho went to Michigan on a campingtrip Monday. Young Jordan willspend his summer vacation in thisway, and expects to be up in thefront rank among the Scouts.More people have taken Tanlacand praised it than any other medicine in the world. TMere's-one reason'-oilymtrit. Tanlac isiaold byall food, drlaariiti. V ! V 4adr)THE STEIKE SITUATIONAn appeal was issued from Washington by the executive council ofthe American Federation of Laborto "all workers everywhere to support the railroad workers in theirefforts to secure a just settlement ofthe railroad shops trades dispute."The appeal which was issued byunanimous vote of the executivecouncil and over the signatures ofall members of the council, including Samue Gompers, federationpresident, has been forwarded toevery labor organization in theUnited States, to every labor publication and to all organizers of thefederation,, it was announced at federation headquarters. Organizedlabor is asked specifically in the appeal to refrain from doing anywork formerly done by men now onstrike, while the strikers are urgedto conduct themselves in a lawabidmg manner.. Chairman Ben W. Hooper, of thelabor board, announced peace negotiations to end the shopmen's strikewere halted by refusal of the railroads to return seniority rights tostrikers, although agreement wasreached on the four other points atissue.Railroad executives in a statement defended their stand in protecting the seniority of employeswho have remained at work duringthe strike and those who have takenthe places of strikers.E. F. Garble, head of the maintenance of way union, made publica letter from President B. M. Jewell, of the shopmen, upholding themaintenance of way men in their decision not to strike.Samuel Gompers, president of theAmerican Federation of Labor, called on all workers everywhere to assist the shopmen in their strike.Over 7,000 clerks on the Chicagoand Northwestern road await resultof conference with rail officials before walking out.The failure of all efforts' to bringabout the settlement of the countrywide strike of the railway shopmenwas announced in a statement issued by Ben W. Hooper, chairman ofthe United States Railroad LaborBoard."As there does not seem to be anyprobability of reconciling the antipodal views of the carriers and themen on the question at issue, neitherthe labor board nor any of its members are now engaged in any further efforts along that line," thestatement said.At the same time, the statementpointed out that a virtual agreement had been reached between therail heads and the strike leaders onall the points in dispute except thatof the return to the strikers oftheir seniority rights, an incidentalquestion which was not originally indispute between the roads and theirmen.Railroad executives, through thewestern presidents' committee onpublic relations of the Associationof Railway Executives, issued astatement corroborating ChairmanHopper's statement that no furtherpeace conferences were being heldand that the seniority issue was theprincipal stumbling block.oPUBLIC SALE OF HOMEA desirable home at public auction on Tuesday, August 2, at 2:00p. m. Property of Mrs. E. L Kenton,234 Lilleston avenue, Read ad.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(21-3t)COLORED NORMAL SCHOOLThe Bourbon County Summer Normal School is -being conducted in thecolored city schools of Paris. Superintendent J. M. McVey's lecturesare interesting to the teachers, manyof whom are from adjoining counties. During the absence of JuliaC. Wrenn, who is taking a specialcourse nf st.udv in Chicago, thephysical education period has been!under the direction of Miss Grace;Cruickshank, playgrounds directorof Paris. The teachers of the summer school are specialists, and astrong program of school work isbeing put forward.POUR ROOM COTTAGE FOR SALE.Cottage, four rooms, 234 Lilleston avenue, property of Mrs. E. L.Kenton, at public sale Tuesday,August 2, at 2:00 p. m., by Harris,Speakes & Harris.(21-3t)ANNOUNCEMENTI wish to announce to my friendsand former patrons that I haveopened a store in the room latelyvacated by Dr. O. L. Frye, next toBaldwin Bros., where I will bepleased to have all of my old friendsand many new ones call on me.JAKE ELVOVE.The large and modern Tanlac Laboratories -at Dayton, Ohio, , occupy0,00 aguanvtoi of floor aaace.TaalaczlfeMUt fcjr allfto 4rutiWU.BASEBALLYESTERDAY'S RESULTSCynthiana 5, Paris 1.Maysville 2, Mt. Sterling 1.Winchester 3, Lexington 3 gamecalled.SATURDAY'S GAMESParis 'at Maysville)Cynthiana at Lexington.Winchester at Mt. Sterling.The first week of the new scheduleof the Blue Grass League was considered a success from all standpoints. The Saturday afternoon contests which were added to the serieshave proved very popular and itlooks that the six club circuit willpull through the season in goodshape.Baldwin Woods, of the Mammoths,is fastest runner on the team, incircling bases, as demonstrated in arecent contest. During a practicemeet a wager was made and tenplayers attempted to lower the markmade by the local outfielder. Thefollowing results were made:Woods, 14; Mann, ,15; Nippert,1514; Parsons, 15; Wunker, 15;Wills, 15; Cicona, 16; Brockman,16.The captains, managers and players of the teams composing theChurch Base Ball League, of Paris,and the members of the official boardof the League, held a conference andbusiness meeting last night at theY. M. C. A., at which a number ofimportant business matters were discussed. A sport writer, in the WinchesterSun, protesting against the lack ofteamwork, and proper support ofpitchers by the Winchester teamsays:"There is no excuse for the kindof club that Winchester has at present, as the management has timeand time again refused to get players that have been recommended asplayers of class, that would strengthen the team and make it one of thebest in the league. Not onlyMonholland, but Miner, now of theParis club, also wanted to be withthe Winchester club, but like Monholland, he was refused a try outhere and now he is on a par withMonholland, when it comes to pitching, and has handed the Winchesterclub a defeat every time he has fac-FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSBIGMID-SUMMERThe crowds continue totake advantage of ourWONDERFULVALUESon allSUMMERMERCHANDISESpecial Prices on Ready-to- rrWear GarmentsFRANKS CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSLANNUAL TOURNAMENT STATSTBAPSHOOTEBS' LEAGUEThe annual shooting tournamentof the Kentucky TrapshootersLeague began Wednesday on theHilltop Gun Club grounds, on thmfarm of Alfred Clay, near 'Austerlitz. Many of the most prominemttrapshooters of this and other Stateare in attendance. The tournamentcontinued through yesterday, wheit was expected the State champion-ship for amateurs would be decided.Free transportation from Paris tothe grounds was provided for theLparticipating shooters by Secretary;Rudolph Davis, of the Bourbon Gun.CluK Tuesday afternoon was devoted to practice shooting.In the chief event for the opening"day Woolfolk Henderson, of Lexington, was high man, at 150 targets.he breaking 149. Ben D. Goff, ofWinchester, was second, with 148,and the third honors were dividedbetween Amos Turney and J. C. Ken-ney, of Paris, and A. B. Harris, of,Louisville.Miss Georgiana Hobson, of Bowl-'ing Green, won the Kentucky championship trophy for women, with a;mark of eighty-one targets smashed.She is but fifteen year? old, buthandled her gun like an old timeveteran. She finished the day's run.with 121. High professionals forthe day were Homer Clark, with 150straight, and John Taylor, with 132.J. Qunicy Ward, of Paris, was high,man in the doubles, with 48. ThaKentucky State Challenge Cup, andthe Kentucky State Amateur Champpionship at single targets, were theleading events of yesterday's meetings. Export shooters were present atthe meeting from Louisville, Anchorage, Versailles, Cincinnati, Covington, Newark, O., Indianapolis,Ind., New Albany, Ind., Chicago,Gallipolis, O., and other places, aswell as many from Central Kentuckytowns.0BEAD KENTON SALE ADRead display ad in this issue.Public sale of cottage of Mrs. E. L.I Kenton, 234 Lilleston avenue, Tuesday, August 2, at 2:00 p. m., byHarris, Speakes & Harris.(21-3t)ed them since the start of the league.The latest defeat was on Sundayjwhen he defeated the locals by a 8to 1 tune." '.j- - "Sf 1FiJmr.iK" rtVVif'JC-WW-V.r. V-a.a'PAGE TWOJTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYWtlDAY, JULT 21, 1122Xcr--j"mthhiTHE BOURBON NEWSErtrtliihed 18P1 41 Years of Continuous PublicationMkuhed Every Tuesday and FridayTear $2.006 Months ?1.00Payable Cash in Advance.WIFr CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Stered at the Paris, Kentucky,j?Mtoffie as Mail Matter of the-Second Class.)OtTR FOEEIGN KEPKESENTA-TIVES.'Stw York American Press Assojutioa.. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son..Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson Co'Louisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pernch for first time; 50 cents per inch-each subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per linech issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-almilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise--.aientsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved:4o decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesiust invariably be accompanied by-4ke cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of-mny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsmt THE BOURBON NEWS will be. Cladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSThe jazz music of to-day is aifair imitation of the South Africananusic on the Midway Plaisance, atthe Chicago World's Fair, whicheverybody then thought was heathenish. A Paris daddy says: "WhenHenry Ford succeeds in gatheringall lost motion on farms he shouldturn his attention to the enormous-.-amount of energy that goes to wasteson the dancing floors.""We can understand the feelingsaof the feminist and feminine writer-who intended to say every womanshould have a hobby, but who appeared in print with the statement,""Every woman should have aliubby!"J sought a prescriptionOf liquid description;The old family doctor called I,Around him I hovered,.And then he discoveredIHe'd used up his whole month'ssupply.The results of prohibition haveIfaeen numerous and many of themdecidedly peculiar, but probablyrthe queerest of all is the fact that- it caused a Kentuckian to christen:3iis latest heir Moonshine Jug Johnson. That sounds funny, you'll ad:rmit, but is it funnier than for a man5 o go through life with the name ofITTennesaw Mountain Landis?The fellow who complains that-the newspapers print nothing butnxtws of crime, vice and divorce-scandals can tell you just what haslbeen printed that upholds his arguuanent, but in nine cases in ten his;.avid eye has failed to find the im:portant news of the day, more promxonently displayed.With all due regard for the art,-we must maintain that in heavenar on earth, or in the waters under-the earth, there isn't now. never-was, nor never will be, a newspaper-reporter like those shown in theamotion picture dramas. . We have-waited nine years to see a naturalHooking and acting newspaper reTporter on tbe film, all in vain. Thereason is tnat nobody can look a reporter ana act liKe a reporter excepting a reporter, 'mere isn't amillion dollar movie star in the"world who can pull the trick.Pity the sorrows of a newly-mar--raried man whose happiness causedShim to forget where he was to takeChig meals in the future. This happened to a young ' Paris business:nnan not long ago. In his bachelordays this young man had been in"vthe habit of dining at a cafe in the" immediate vicinity of his place ofof business. On the day after theirJ. return from the honeymoon trip,lithe force of habit impelled him at-ah noon hour, to pay the usual"Wit to the cafe, where he procededrto order a substantial dinner. Just-jui the waiter turned away memoryrAialy recalled to the young busllntm mai a vision of his waitingf 5rid at a table alone "at home,".3umi . mwmaaij caacciMa tnt or4Kr, xlsJAiBC, to tfct lamgkln ro-tprietor of the cafe, "I clean forgot1 1 was married, old man, and I've gotto hustle home, now."While a bunch of fans were gathered around the bulletin board atthe Paris office of the LexingtonLeader Saturday night, reading thescores, a Paris boy, reading thescore, 1 to 0, in the Paris and Winchester game, astounded the bunchby asking Bob Porter: "Why, Mr.Porter, how in the worW can Winchester keep on playing when theyhaven't made any runs?" Bob wasso utterly taken back over the boy'signorance of the great Americangame, that he didn't take time toexplain. Just to think of any boyin Paris being so dense!A COMMUNTY MIRKOEThe utility is a mirror that faithfully reflects the city or "town itserves. If a glimpse into that mirror reveals that the community's inherent fairness is marred by the unsightly eruptions of unmerited opposition, the rash of oppression orother blemishes springing from thebile of misunderstanding, it is timefor a specific.Healthy good will and friendliness are reflected in the service andrates of the gas company, the telephone company or the electric orstreet railway company ill-will orprejudice is just as truly reflected.Under present-day State and municipal regulation no utility organization is permitted to impose excessive rates. Yet some communitieshave undertaken to compel unwarranted rate reductions. It cost publie service companies much moneyto combat such unfair demands. Naturally such costs become apparentin the rates that must be chargedfor service.When capital casts about for aplace in which to invoke its beneficient powers it carefully avoids thoselocalities which are known to beunfriendly toward public utilityFcrtunately there is a new spirit offairness abroad, as there spreadsthe realization that legally regulated utilities cannot, if they would,get more for their service than theyare entitled to.We believe this community isnumbered among those enlightenedones; that, however close the scrutiny, there would not be revealedblemishes which would terrorizeany line of business seeking for alocation.POOR SEED BEDS LOWER AVERAGE WHEAT YIELDThe 10-year average yield ofwheat in Kentucky is only 12 bushels an acre, crop specialists say.Such low yields seldom are profitable and in many cases do not evenpay the labor cost of producing thecrop. m Poor soils, t fungus diseasesand insects have been given as someof the main causes for the lowyields.In addition to these causes, poorlyprepared seed beds contribute toward cutting down the amount ofgrain that is harvested, according toR. E. Stephenson, agronomy specialist of the College of Agriculture. Aportion of the Kentucky wheat cropis seeded on corn ground, part of itafter tobacco, cowpeas and soybeansand a part of it after wheat, oats orclover, .in which case the land mustbe broken and prepared before seeding. When land is broken for wheat,the plowing should be done early inthe season. This gives time for thesoil to settle and become firm, thispoint being especially ' importantsince wheat does not thrive in afreshly prepared, loose seedbed.Where wheat follows oats, the plowing should be done immediately after the oats is removed. As soon asit has been plowed, the soil shouldbe harrowed and worked down to afirm bed.BUTTER. -POULTRY ANDMARKETSEGGSProduction of butter, on accountof recent rains, is holding up andpromises to continue liberal forsome time. Consuming demand isgood and the markets are holdingsteady.Eggs are showing better qualitythan a few weeks ago, because ofcooler weather. Production seemsto be about normal, and as pricesare now on a reasonable basis, thedemand from consuming centers isbetter. The number of cases instorage July 1st was 'about 30 percent greater than a year ago, indicating that prices probably will remain on a conservative basis, whichis essential in order to clear the surplus stock in proper season.The marketing of live poultry hasbeen light on account of the generalproducer being busy with harvesting. The demand, however, is notup to what it has been the past fewyears, and values have consequentlyshown further decline.Aviatorasay that every city andtow, wka, Mn from the air, hasouumcuy color.MISTAKEN IDEA OF A JOKEPapers throughout the State aremaking vigorous complaints over theantics of would-be jokers, who callup the editorial office, and give ceratin items supposedly authentic,but which turn out to be "a joke."THE NEWS has suffered from thisform of "joking" and other papersthroughout the State have been vietime of these pests. Among recentones are the following:The Lexington Herald- says:"Someone with a very warped ideaof a joke called over the telephoneTuesday to the editor of this column and asked that the invitationsto Mrs. Ackerman's luncehon-bridge 'be recalled as she was ill. This wasentirely untrue and caused a greatdeal of annoyance to Mrs. Acker-"The Herald had to make a rulenot to take announcements of engagements or marriages over thetelephone because of the many'humorists,' who love distorted joking, but no one could have supposed that a party would cause thatmuch concern to any sort of a mischief maker."The unknown author. of such apoor joke is hereby advised to mendher ways."The Falmouth Outlook says:"Some one sent us a death noticelast week which was intended for afoolish prank on the young manmentioned in the obituary notice.As the man lived in another city,we had no way to verify the report,and so published it as a death notice. Whoever this hair-brainedbird was who sent us the item mostcertainly is not to be thanked. Suchfoolishness as this causes us embarrassment, and sometimes causesrelatives of the victim a lot of anxiety. Whenever you want to pokea little fun at your friends, pleasementarily add over 150 per cent,is a newspaper, not a joke-book."AN ACT OF KINDNESSParis Resident Speaks PubliclyFor the Benefit of ParisPeopleIf you had suffered tortures fromkidney trouble,Had experimented with differentremedies without relief;If you were finally cured througha friend's suggestionWouldn't you be grateful?The following statement has beengiven under just such circumstances.Mr. Link has used Doan's KidneyPills.He publicly tells of the benefit hehas received.His is a simple act of kindness toother Paris sufferers.No need to experiment with suchconvincing evidence at hand.Mr. Link speaks from experience.You can rely on what he tells you.Robert Link, proprietor grocerystore, corner High and Eighth, says:"I have found Doan's Kidney Pillsthe best kidney medicine I ever usedand can't recommend them too highly. My back gave me no end oftrouble and there was a steady, dullache just over my kidneys. My kidneys acted too frequently. I beganusing Doan's Kidney Pills and in ashort time I was completely rid ofthe trouble."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Link had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)TOBACCO CROP BIGGER BYSIXTY PER CENTKentucky's tobacco crop this yearis 60 per cent. This is the estimate ofthe Federal Department of Agriculture, upon the assumption that theweather will remain favorable untilthe crop is cut. The estimate of theDepartment of Agriculture is thatthe 515,000 acres in Kentucky planted in tobacco this year will yield520,502,000 pounds, an average of932 pounds an acre. Last year385,000 acres yielded 325,710,000pounds, an average of 846 poundsan acre. This means an increase ofabout 95 per cent, in acreage thisyears an approximatel 60 percent, in production.- uINSURANCE AGENTS LICENSESEXPIRE MARCH 1.A rule has been issued by Insurance Commissioner James F. Rameyputting into effect a law passed bythe 1922 Legislature providing thatthe license of an insurance agentshall expire on the first day ofMarch in each year. Interim licenses expire before that date. Beforepassage of the new law agents'licenses ran for one year from dateof issue.Unnecessary.A congregation of negroes was usedto hearing sermons that harped continually on hell and eternal punishment One hot summer day thepreacher made no mention of hell Oneof the congregation asked him. why hehad omitted it "Everything in season,"he replied: . 'De thahmometah wuz atninety-fob. while I wuz -preachin datsthrnon. Hell snok fbh itif tTRADING, STAMP LAW .RUEDUNCONSTITUTIONALDeclaring as unconstitutional thelaw prohibiting the giving and redeeming of trading stamps by" merchants of the State, Judge LafonAllen, of Louisville, granted temporary injunctions for the StewartDrygoods Company, J. Bacon & Sonsand the United Cigar Store Companyrestraining Joseph S. Lawman, Commonwealth's Attorney, and J. MattChilton, uounty Attorney, from instituting prosecutions for any alleged violation of the law.The temporary injunctions willremain in effect until the Court ofAppeals has reviewed the case andthe ruling, and if that Court sustains the decision the law will benullified, and if the case is reversedand the law held by the Court of Appeals as constitutional, the temporary injunction will be dissolved.FEATHERS WANTEDI want to buy 150 feather beds,also men's clothing and shoes, athighest prices. Will be in Paris 'onTuesday and Wednesday, July 18thand 19th. Drop Postal toA. MARKS,General Delivery, Paris, Ky.Extension of CharterOPTHE FIRST NATIONALBANK OF PARISParis, KentuckyTreasury Department,Office of Comptroller of The Currency, Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasbeen made , to appear that "THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK OPPARIS" in the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act of Congress,"to enable National Banking Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved July 12, 1882.Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissinger, Comptroller of the Currency, dohereby certify that "THE FIRSTNATIONAL BANK OF PARIS" inthe City of Paris, in the County ofBourbon and State of Kentucky, isauthorized to have succession for theperiod specified in its amendedarticles of association: namely, until close of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of office this firstday of June, 1922.(Seal)(Signed)D. R. GRISSINGER,Comptroller of The Currency.Charter No. 6323.Extension No. 4304.(July 7-1 mo)AUCTION SALEOF:Valuable Property in MillersburgVOne of the Finest Educational Centers of Kentuckythe Beautiful Home of Col. and Mrs.C. M.Bestwill be Offered at Public Auction onTUESDAY; JULYThe property consists of Roselyn cottage and about two acres of ground, splendid fruit,berries and vegetable gardens. The property will be sold in three pieces.No. i Consists .of lot 100 foot front on Main Street and 200 feet deep. On thisplot is the two-story cottage containing hall, bed room, living room, complete bath, diningroom, breakfast room, kitchen with enclosed range and large pantry, built in cupboard,shelving, etc., on first floor. Upstairs are three bedrooms, complete bath, large sleeping pprch, and extra large closets in each room. Cemented cellars, heating, lightingand water system.Garage, coal and tool house, chicken house and brooders, vegetable garden, berries,grapes, apples, peaches, hardy shrubs, and flowers of all kinds and all kinds of bulbs. "No. 2 Consists of fine building lot 50x200 feet adjoining county high school, formerly old M. M. I. Fine garden of growing vegetables, berries, grapes, apples, hardyshrubs and flowers. One large chicken htiuse.No, 3 Almost an acre of ground in blue grass with -splendid stable containing twostalls and good sized loft. Chicken house and corn crib. This property will be offeredfor sale also as a whole. 'The grounds and house open for inspection at any time.SALE TUESDAY, JULY 25th, 2:30 P. M..China CpiadvFrom China. .j 'The earliest designs used for chinaI at Worcester, England, are believedto have been copied from the Chinese.4Administrator's NoticeAl persons having claims againstthe estate of Julia Sanders, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing .themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidJulia Sanders, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedAdministrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. GARRETT SANDERS,Administrator of Julia Sanders, Deceased. (julyll-3wks)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p.m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Pkris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.j ' 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00. a. m.12:00 m.M-fl" 1:00 p. m." 2:00 p. m.t 3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:"00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTIONMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TER-GOTHE KENNEY MOTOR GO.Successors to Big 4 Motor Co.CORNER EIGHTH AND HIGH STS.ForSquare, Sincere ServiceTRY US AND BE CONVINCEDWe Handle a Complete Line ofRemy Delco Ignition PartsGenuine Ford PartsLee Puncture Proof Tires and TubesHavoline Oil Blue Grass GasolineC. :&- BESTiCAHAL BROS.1AMH5H0P4-WHITE BAHBHS-4T1 r"Modern StuipmtatExpert and Politt femocEOT AND COLD BATHSbrighter;EVENINGSJust HistorysWla 71The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.raIn 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does pass .. ,Her home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric Eght.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)TO?25At 2:30P.tire?reckonV?--r" ?-3.-A- 4TIL-V Jjf-,-nvr',1-r "- -tf.,mxTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 21, 1922PAGETHRM-.:'-fsrj 5BTt i.' i-T( . ,PEOPLE OF OUR TOWN"OLDKENTUCKY HOME"JULY 23DAYThe Other Character in this Cartoon is out of the Office and FourBlocks down the Street, but the EditorIs still Telling Him what he thinksof being called a Profiteer because hehasn't cut the Price of his Newspaperyet The Editor is charging FiftyCents a year more than He did Twen-ty-FiveYears ago!TALK OF STRIKES, HERE'S THELATEST!Stephen Collins Foster, composerof the most charming American folksongs, which have endured for morethan three score years and willendure for centuries, who died January 13,-1864, would haye beenninety-six years old on -July 4.Though his songs are known tothe majority of citizens of his country, and practically all Southernerslittle is ever heard of. the composerof "My Old Kentucky Home," "TheOld Folks at Home," 'Massa's Inthe Cold, Cold Ground,' "Open ThyLattice Love," and others thatbring back fond recollections tomost of us. Tradition,' has it that"My Old Kentucky Home" was written at the old Judge Rowan homein Bardstown, Ky.There has been considerable talkof having Old Kentucky Home daysin every city in Kentucky. Arrangements have been made for aKentucky Home day at Blue GrassPark, Lexington. Sunday, July 23,when all of Stephen Foster's songswill be 'presented by Grella and hisorchestra.oNEWSPAPERS HELP KEEP STATEPRISONERS QUIETHarem attendants in Constantinople, Turkey, have gone on a strikefor more money and shorter hours.Many of the capital's finest haremshave been left unguarded and theirowners are trying distractedly tofind suitable substitutes for thestrikers. Numbers of Russian ref u-fgees have volunteered their servicesbut it was found they were not fitted for the job.The strikers include the eunuchshour day" and the unceasing vigilthey are required to keep on thewomen of the harems justify betterremuneration, especially during thepresent hard times. Many of themprotest that their wages have notbeen paid for more than a year andin several instances they have appealed Jto the American committee"on relief in the Near East for aid.The fact is that their masters,who in most cases are officials oremployes of the government, havenot drawn any salaries for months.The strikers include the eunichsand other attedants.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,Newspapers, circulated within thewalls of the State Reformatory, atFrankfort, tend to keep the prisoners quiet and exert a big influencetowards discipline, in the view of W.B. Fuller, chief clerk in the office ofWarden Henley V. Bastin.Practically 500 newspapers arecirculated among the prioners daily,Mr. Fulton said., and are read eagerly news, advertisements women'spage and all. One prisoner acts asagent for the papers. He distributes the papers and collects from hissubscribers.The practice of allowing prisoners to read newspapers, Mr. Fullersaid, has been in vogue for about ayear and during that time a greatchange has been noticed in the convicts. Heretofore, according to Mr.Fuller, they became boisterous atnight and it was difficult to curb thePERSONALSMr. and Mrs. W. E. Patton, ofParis, were recent guests at Olympian Springs.Nathaniel Markland, of Owingsville, is visiting his son, JohnMarkland in this city.Rev. W. B. Ellis has returnedfrom Nashville, Tenn., where he officiated at the funeral of a friend.Mrs." Virgie Thompson and son,Paul, have returned to their home inParis from a visit to relatives inPiqua, Ky.Mrs. Amni Prichard Brown, whohas been ill for several days at herhome on East Eighth street, is ableto be out again.Miss Pearl Duvall, of New Yorkjis a guest at the home of her aunt,Mrs. George Duvall, and family, onLilleston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson, Jr., and babe, of Demopolis,Alabama, are visiting friends andrelatives in this city.Miss Lucile Catlett, of Owingsville, is a guest of her aunt, Mrs.Jesse Turney, at her home on theMaysville road, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Boardmanand Charles R. Walls, of LittleRock, will leave this week for a ten-days' stay at Dawson Springs.Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins andson, of St. Louis, Mo., are guests atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasHelm Clay, on Eigthth street.Mr. and Mrs. W. 0. Cruse havereturned to their home on Sixteenthstreet, after a vvisit to friends andrelatives in Louisville and Paducah.Mrs. Rachel Barlow and Mr. andMrs. John Ashbrook, of Pensacola,Fla., are guests at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Frank P. Kiser, on Houston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Reynoldshave returned to their home in Newport, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Ballard, at their home on Sixteenth street.Mrs. Robert McArdle and twoattractive children, have gone toCape Anne, Mass., after a plasantvisit at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Now, however, they spend 'Warren M. Rogers, near Paris.noise.the evenings in reading the happenings of the world, their only connection with which being throughthe newspapers. ra -Some persons have contended, Mr.Fuller asserted, that newspapersexert a bad influence on convicts forthe reason they read about crimeand other sordid happenings. However, the chief clerk believes any badinfluence that may be caused fromthe reading of crime is more thanovercome by the prisoner's learningof the good in the world. -"Whilethey do read about crime," he said,"they also read about the goodthings in the world, too."While the prison library containsabout 2,500 volumes, the convictsshow a preference for newspapersover other forms of literature, Mr.Fuller said.. oTHEY'RE EVERYWHERE!There is to be found in every lodgeand 'every other organization someindividuals, commonly called soreheads. Everything that is proposedand done by some other membersthan themselves, is radically wrong,according to the viewpoint of thesoreheads. Now usually this class ofmembers is without influence orstanding, and about the only noticeable thing they do in the communityor their lodge is to agitate, or foment strife and dissension.Women who pay income taxes inNew York number 150.000.872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenW in npp.d ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONEEHEUKATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can. beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.-oHigh Price of Forgery.Three hundred years ago forgery inBritain was punishable by death. Inearlier times still, the punishment wasstanding in the pillory, having bothears cut off, having the nostrils slitand perpetual imprisonment.Prices on Bakery GoodsAmerican Beauty Bread, 1-lb. Loaf ScSilver Slice Cake 1 OcMarble Cake lOcMarshmallow Cake, 2 layers 1 5cDevil's Food Cake, 2 layers 1 5cCookies, per dozen 15cLady Fingers, per dozen - 20cFruit Bars, per dozen 20cMacaroons, per dozen 40cMarshmallow Kisses, per dozen 4-OcJelly Rolls 15cLight Cup Cakes, per dozen 20cDark Cu Cakes, per dozen 20cLight Bolls, per dozen 1 2c and 1 5cFLOURRoyal Spring Flour, 24 lbs r , ..$1.10Red Cross Flour, 24 lbs $1.00Purity Flour, 24 lbs $1.6oNow is the time to buy your flour. We make specialprices on quantity lots. ' 'PARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS,.aPt.MV--?&Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, JrMiss Elizabeth Clay and Thos.Henry Clay, III, are sojourning inthe vicinity of the Great Lake region, in Michigan, for several weeks.Courier-Journal: "Mr. and Mrs.Malcolm B. McMullen have returnedfrom a motor trip to Paris, wherethey were guests for several days ofMr. and Mrs. James Withers Davis."C. B. Harrison, Secretary of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A., has returned from Lebanon, where hisdaughter recently underwent a successful operation for removal of ton-tils.Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Tucker andMr. and Mrs. H. A. Earlvwine havereturned to their homes in Taylorsville, Spencer county, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. John R. Dejarnette,in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Greenand children are spending the weekat Boonesboro Beach. Misses Eleanor Swearengen and Susan Howardhave joined a camping-party fromParis at the Beach.Mrs. George Duvajtl and daughte'r Mrs. Wm. C. Potts, and MissCarolyn Potts, of Paris, and theirguests, Miss Pearl Duvall, of NewYork, have returned from a two-weeks' stay at Boonesboro Beach.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Legg andMiss Mary Legg, of Montgomery,West Va., Mr. and Mrs. Fred Leggand Dan Barlow, of Cincinnati, wereguests Wednesday of Mr. and Mrp.Frank Trisler, at their home onEighth street. The occasion was- afamily reunion. Mrs. Trisler wasformerly Miss Mattie Legg.Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Harris, ofnear .Paris, attended a family reunion held recently at the home ofMrs. Mary Holladay, near Winchester, where Mrs. Holladay celebratedher seventy-seventh birthday with adining. The home was beautifullydecorated with tiger lilies, phlox androses. Eighteen guests were present. 'Mr. and Mrs. Houston Jacoby,newly-weds, of near' Paris, wereguests of honor at a dining given byMr. and Mrs. Thomas L. Holladay,at their home on the Paris pike,near Winchester. The color schemeof the decorations was yellow andgreen. A silver basket adorned thetable. The place cards were oniniateur brides and bridegrooms, andthe favors were tiny baskets ofgreen and yellow, holding bon-bons.An elaborate menu was served. Theguests were: Mr. andMrs. HoustonJacoby, Mr. arid Mrs. Lloyd Holladay, Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Smith, Mrs.Willie Lou Squires, Mr. and Mrs.George B. Jacoby, Mrs. Leslie Jacoby, Mr. and Mrs. Wills Jacoby,Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Thomas, andrM. and Mrs. Byron Smith.Other Personals on Page 5ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAP.We have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abis stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushay a trial order.(Sl-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS,oCharcoal Eph'a Philosophy.. "I ain't got no use J& a whiningnan,".. aid Charcoal Eph.In aruminatire mood. De Lawd made man fo' tifiit an, cuss, an- wenan .fo-wtepin'an1 lamentin'. Eat a prune, MistaiJackson." Richmond Ttme-Dispatch,Imoney back without question1 if HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Ringworm, letter or otnerncn-ing skin diseases. Try thtatreatment at our risk.VABDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.BENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our "numbers Always phone Home Phone 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sFor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"IFARMTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each SI. 000 of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONSNO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.Kentuc ky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Bldg. Lexington, Ky.IT'S EASY TO SEEWhy a PIGGLY WIGGLY dollar is able to go further andperform with more efficiency than the ordinary dollarHawaiian Extra Fancy Sliced Pine- Q"Tnapple; No. 2 UlCHawaiian "Extra Fancy Sliced 00 APineapple; No. 2 ZubHawaiian Extra Fancy Sliced 4 APineapple; No. 1 lObHawaiian Extra Fancy Grated Pine- A"! Aapple; No. 2 ZbHawaiian Extra Fancy Grated OQaPineapple; No. 2 Z0bHawaiian Extra Fancy Grated 1)aPineapple; No. 1 ITTUSunnyside Fruit Salad; 47No. 2 TibBewley Red Pitted Cherries; OCnNo. 2 can ZuuDel Monte Large Size AsparagusTips, new pack; No. 1 square Jlpcan nrluDel Monte Large White Asparagus; ngnew pack; picnic size; can .. ZQLNo. 2JA tall can; AlpNew pack TrluDel Monte Spinach; new pack; OQaNo. 2Yz ZubDel Monte Spinach; new pack; IQnNo. 2 I UUDel Monte IfilPimentoes I ObCampbell's Pork and i rtABeans ' I UbJoan of Arc Kidney 1 1 PBeans IluScott County Red QnBeans ' ubMansfield Evaporated Milk, llAlarge -9c; small ' f2bLipton's or Tetley's Tea; 1 lb. A 476c; -lb. 39c; 4 -lb bHeekin's Iced Tea'. Vz lb 32c; 4ny lb libBeechnut Peanut Butter; large 25c; jjmedium 17 ; small libLippiricott's Selected Queen Olives: aqquarts 49c; pints LJjLippincott's Manzanilla Olives; , 4Qftlarge 41c; medum 29c; small.. JjL'Art Fancy Dill Pickles; IQpNo. 2 y2 can I vbL'Art Fancy Sweet Pickles; large 4A29c; med. 23c; small DCWhite Star White Meat Tuna; 4 Jlarge 39c; med. 24c; small.'. - u.fbWhite Star Sardines, in tomato IJasauce i I "UNeptune Sardines, in oil or g-mustard ."" UUArgo Red Salmon; No. 1 tall OQacan ubClematis Pink Salmon; No. 10 A1 small can IZULibby's Deviled Meat; large r10c; small ti QbUnderwood Deviled Ham; large M34c; small . 'rbCampfire Marsh- 10amallows iPalmolive ' QftSoap yCp. &. G. r ASoap I 3bStar or Lenox f JASoap f bOld Dutch - AftCleanser , . . '. . . . JbSunbrite " ' FjACleanser a OilShinola Shoe Polish; Qwall kinds JJbSani M-Flush L I USheboygan Ginger Ale; -ICapints 1 0bWelch's Grape Juice; quarts 57c; 1iApints 31c; splits -. ; lbApplju; carbonated pure apple Ajuice; pints JJbLoju; unfermented Loganberry OCftJuice; pints ,0bHires' Root Beer A Aft' Extract JJbCalumet Baking Powder; 07 ANo. 1 can fc I bMazola Salad or Cooking Oil; -gal ljnft89c; qts. 51c; pints ZwUSnowdrift Pure Vegetable Short- tfn.ening; pound ifc0bFruit Jar Caps; )Cadozen Z0CArap Fruit Jar Rubbers; tpackage . yCerto (Sure Jell) for Jams 00aand Jellies ZwCDomino Pure Cane Granulated Sugar, in cartons or muslin bags; apound qCMiles Freezing Salt; OAa10-lb. bags.. ZUCWisconsin Full Cream Cheese; OCapound -.. -Z0CSwift's Pure Leaf Lard dn 1-lb. A gftcartons . QCLarge juicy Lemons; apdozen .. .. .Fancy New Home G?own Potatoes; rr(peck, 15 pounds weighed) .. . . JJ)CWe Don't Meet Prices We Make ThemPIGGLYGROCERIES707 Main Streetj I ,1 -r JaMFRUITSKLOANSWIG G L YGREEN VEGETABLESNfte, Kentucky.;?Vs-Mliv - -$&Iu ." & .v "" 143f r-w- fi .. --'XtmLtfjfmtfrr- - , T " 'A1 a --'I 'rjZk jti 'gji -t r'r - ? ,1 -v jxj. $...- -w p- - i AATHE BOURBON NEWS,! PARIS, KENTUCKY '"l ' . FRIDAY, JULY 21, 192 - 'PAGE FOURIMASTER'S SALE) BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT:3iary Griffin Hayes' Admr., . .Plaintiff"Vs: Notice of Sale.jJL B. Hayes, Etc . . . . DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a Judg--inentand order of sale entered atthe June term, 1922. of the Bourhon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,-en - - . .l SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1922,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic outcry to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property: A certain house and lot situatedin Paris, Bourbon county, Ken-f tucky, beginning on Vine Street,at the south-east corner of theproperty of Forrest Thomas;. thence running with the line of, said Thomas a distance of 141feet to the property of the L. &N. Railroad Company; thencealong said line in a northerly direction a distance of 4S feet, 5inches, to a corner in the line ofthe Hinton property; thence alongsaid Hinton line in an easterly direction a distance of 150 feet to acorner of the inside of the pavement on Vine Street; thencealong said pavement in a southerly direction a distance of 50 feetto the point of beginning.Said sale is made for the purposeof settling the estate of Mary GriffinHayes and dividing the proceeds ofsale among the parties in interest.NEWS OF THE COUBTSIn the County Court beforeJudge George Batterton, Mrs. LiddieHuffman was legally restored to nerright mind. Mrs. Huffman was adjudged of unsound mind oy theBourbon County Court two yearsago.In the County Court Wednesday,Mrs. Annie English Shout was heldto the grand jury in $250 bonds ona charge of interfering with an officer. When Sheriff Collier and Deputy Sheriff Gibson went to herhome on West street to search forsupposedly hidden liquor she was alleged to have met them with a revolver, which was taken from herby Sheriff Collier. She then securedanother revolver, but was again disarmed. She was afterward arrestedon three charges, resisting an officer,using insulting language to an officer, and breach of the peace.Jim Shack, colored, who was adsent from his home in Claysville,when Sheriff Collier and deputiespaid a visit and found 9 gallonsof moonshine, was arrested Wednesday night by Sheriff Collier and Deptuy Sheriff James Gibson, and Patrolman Geo. Judy. He furnishedbond for appearance at examiningtrial to-morrow.RELIGIOUSA Resume of Events la BeligionsCircles For fresent andFutureEASTERN STAR, SOCIALThe Paris Chapter Eastern Star,will give a social in their lodgeroom to-night, following the business session. All the members areurged to make a special effort to bethere, as this will be one of themost interesting meetings of theseason. Come prepared to spend anenjoyable evening. There will besomething of especial interest toevery member.Public Auction!Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds"with good and approved surety, forequal parts of the purchase money,due six and twelve months from dateof sale respectively and bearing interest at the rate of Six Per Cent."(6) per annum from date of saleuntil paid.0. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(juy21-2S-aug4)TUESDAY, AUGUST 2, AT 2 P. M.! As agent for Mrs, E. L, Kenton,we will sell at auction on the above"j named date, the four room cottage,(located at 234 Lilleston avenue. Thelot has a frontage of 50 feet, and exi tends back 200 feet. Shade trees,i water in the. yard, a large barn, in! the rear and other improvements.J This property is located only two.blocks from the Paris High Schooland within a short distance of thej business section of the town. It willmake a good investment proposition.Terms made known on day of sale.For information, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Farmers & Traders Bank, Paris, Ky."(21-28)Rev. W. W. Morton, of Millersburg, will preach at the First Presbyterian church Sunday evening at7:30. There will be no servicesSunday morning.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday night at 6:30. The meetingwill be without a leader. ' Howeverthere will be a voluntary discussionon the subject, "Grow."The Junior Endeavor of thePresbyterian Church will meet Sunday evening at 6:30 with JulianHowe, Jr., as leader. Lunch will beserved before the meeting and allmembers are urged to come andbring some one with them.At the Methodist church nextSunday the Sunday school will meetat 9:30 a. m., when we hope to seeevery member. At 10:45 a. m., thepastor, Rev. C. H. Greer, willpreach on "Ambassadors for Christ"and at 7:30 p. m. his theme will be"Consecrated from Childhood." The'Ep worth League will meet at 6:45 p.m. with an interesting and helpfulprogram. A most cordial invitationis extended to every one to worshipin this church.Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church, began a revival meeting at Carlisle, Sunday,which is continuing with great interest being manifested. On accountof the limited seating capacity ofthe Carlisle church, and the hotweather, a large tent has been erected in the court house yard, wherethe meetings are now being held.Rev. Fox is being assisted by thepastor, Rev. Joseph Connell, andsinging evangelists Mr. and Mrs.Evans McKi'nley, of Tennessee.The Mt. Carmel Christianchurch, near Shawhan, on the 'Parisand Cynthiana pike, is rejoicing inhaving secured the services ofEvangelist W. Graham Walker forthe revival meeting which is to begin there on Sunday. Rev. Mr.Walker will be assisted by Prof.Leonard Daugherty, singing evangelist, of Cincinnati, as song leaderand soloist. Rev. Mr, Walker served this church as pastoi severalyears ago, and will be given a warmwelcome on his return. He has justclosed an eight-monhts, evangelistictour of the West, during which heheld revivals in California, Oregon,Arizona and other Western States.The place of holding the vesper service has been changed from the frontlawn to the rear on account rear being more quiet and level. These ves- jper services are proving most enjoyable and beneficial. The public iscordially invited.Christian Endeavor will meetpromptly at 6:30.Bible school meets promptly at9:30. A very cordial invitation ex-;tended the public.'-oTAX-NOTICE.MILLERSBURG COLLEGEJUNIOR COLLEGE FORGIRLS and YOUNG WOMENCatalogue Furnished Located in the beautiful Blue Craw Region1 of Kentucky with.On Request, Write to new buildings and modern equipment. Offers many induce-Cr I7.iA n n menu to careful and discrimmatinf parents -wkowiah to place tkeir daugh-v ISRBTf U. U. ters in boarding school. Courses or study include grades, college preparaPresident, MiUeTbnTg,Ky. tory, two years college, music, art and expression. Limited number ofboarding pupils insures personal attention to each. Gymnasium, swimmingpool, outdoor sports; safe, pleasant and inspiring home life.-'& r "i s-THE BOURBON COUNTY TAXCOMMISSIONER'S OFFICE, AT THECOURT HOUSE, IS NOW OPEN FORTHE TRANSACTION OF BUSINESS.ALL TAXPAYERS ARE ASKED TOCALL EARLY AND LIST THEIRPROPERTY FOR -TAXATION. ,BEN WOODFORD, JR.,(july 21-tf) Tax Commissioner.FREIGHT WRECK DELAYS MALLSWhite Front: GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars WashedAs the result of a freight wreckwhich occurred at an early hour .yesterday morning near Morning "'View, on the Louisville & Nashville,the daily papers from Cincinnati,due here early in the morning, didnot get in until night, and all mailsfrom the north were also delayed. Inthe wreck eleven loaded cars werederailed, completely blocking bothj the north and southbound tracks., All trains had to be detoured by wayof Maysville, over the Chesapeake &( Ohio road. In the accident a brakeman was slightly injured, but no,one else was hurt..AUTOMOBILE STOLEN"Walter Fleming, of Nicholascounty, is seeking to learn the whereabout of his automobile, a practically new touring car, license number 99505, which was stolen fromthe Chautauqua grounds in this cityTuesday night. Mr. Fleming leftcar parked at the corner of Seventhand Henderson streets, while attend-!tkt Vio P.Vi mitniirmn Tn Vila olioonnnsome one made way with the car, II which has not been located. The. Ileft fender of the machine ya&slightly battered. Tle theSt was reported to the eiy and county au-.thorities. -. ,,- rr-rsf9-- l-o i- I. CHRISTIAN CHURCHServices will be held at theusual hours at the Christian church,10:45 a. m. and 7:15 p. m. Rev. W.E. Ellis will preach at both services.''I'SmmiSamSmmSmlmmmlmmlSmmmmmmmmmmmmlSMs9kkkkkk r fc B.J999P KKsI VbS ,-w -?V'5rf?py fixIOPEN NEW STOREJake Elvove, who some time agoconducted a store in the Margolenbuilding, will fcpen a store on theground floor room on Main street,between Sixth and Seventh, recentlyvacated by O. L. Frye, optometrist.Dr. Frye has fitted up comfortableand commodious offices in the secondstory of the same building. Thelower room is being fitted up for occupancy.m independent!The way to become independent is to save a PARTof the money you earn and deposit it REGULARLY inthe bank. Saving money will encourage you to workharder. Industry insures promotion and higher pay.While you are saving your money and when you go intobusiness you will need a bank and we invite you to comein and see us.WE WILL WELCOME YOUR ACCOUNT.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.wmmmswrnsmmmmmsmmarnxsmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmThrough our architects, Wm. K. Hagan 3& Son, we have contracted to install a new front and remodelour entire store extensively. On account of this, we are compelled to reduce our entire stock ofSpring and Summer Clothing, Furnishings, Hats and CapsValues at the price will compel you to buy. Work on the store front starts August 8th. Sale beginsSaturday, July 22nd.MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'SSUITS$25.00 Suits, now $18.0030.00 Suits, now 22.0035.00 Suits, now 27.5040.00 Suits, now 30.0050.00 Suits, now 37.50PALM BEACH COATS ANDPANTS$15.00 Suits, now $11.5018.00 Suits, now 13.7520.00 Mohair, now 1510025.00 Tropical Worsted,now- ...' 20.00BOYS' KNEE PANTS SUITS$10.00 Suits, now .."...".$.7.50"12.50 Suits, now 9.0015.00 Suits, tiow 11.0020.00 Suits, now 15.008.00 and 8.50 Suits,now 5.00MEN'S UNDERWEARUnion Suits75c quality, now 45c$1.00 quality, now . : 75c$1.25 quality, now 98c$1.50 quality, now . . .$1.15$2.00 quality, now $1.50Separate Garments38c and 75cMEN'S SHIRTS$1.00 Shirts now -.-. ..75c$1.50 Shirts, now $1.15$2.00 Bates Street, now.. $1.50$2.50 Bates Street, now.. 1.75$3.00 Bates Street, now.. $1.95$4.00 Bates Street, now.. $2.75$5.00 iSilk, now'". $3.75BOYS' SHIRTS. .$1.25 now ....95c$1.50 now $1.15BOYS' PAJAMAS$1.50 now , $115MEN'S ODD PANTS$4.00 Pants, now $2.755.00 Pants, now 3.756.00 Pants, now 4.506.50 Pants, now 4.757.50 Pants, now 5.75BOYS' KNEE PANTS$1.50, now $1.002.00, now .1.502.50, now 1.755.00, now :.. 2.50BOYS' BLOUSE WAISTS$1.00 now 75c$1.50 now i $1.15MEN'S NIGHT SHIRTS$1.00 now 75c$1.50 now $1.15$2.00 now $1.50Boys' Night Shirts 75cMEN'S WORK SHIRTS75c and $1.00MEN'S HATS$3.00 now $2.255.00 now .'. . 3.506.50 now . 4.75STRAW HATS AT REDUCEDPRICESMEN'S CAPS$1.50 now $1.152.00 now 1.50v2.50 now v 1.75BOYS' CAPS75c now 50c$1.00 now 75c$1.50 now .... $1.15NECKWEAR.One lot Silk Neckwear 25c50c now 38c$1.00 now 75c$1.50 now $1.00MENS' HOSE25c now 17c50c now 38cMEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS1 Lot 5c10c now .....' 7c15c now- 10c25c now 17c1 LOT KHAKI PANTS$1.25SPECIAL PRICE 'ON RAINCOATSMEN'S PAJAMAS$2.00 now $1.502.50 now 1.75MEN'S OVERALLS85c, $1.35, $2.00New Goods. Best Makes. Honest Methods. A Bona Fide Sale. , Come Early. Bring the Cash. Nothing Charged. One Price to Alt1 .kkkkmkkk kkkk iH .Skkkk. .kkkkS. kkkk .kkkww-r H H k. .SSW SSS . " SSSL-SSSSKSH .-H kkkkkkw. L kk kkkktskkkkkkkkm.H 'H B kkkkkkkkkr kkkkkkkkkkr kkkkkkkkkkwkkkkkkkkm-405Main St.kkkkmskkkkW jt'jVHB -- r - -s I ' M.1l " -?- " "-r vParisKentucky--'..,;-- hr.--"r ? -4?sls'r.&JvV"'""2K'iJFi'P?r-.y?;.- -"vrfIj.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 21, 1922PAGE FITSI..PERSONALS"TOO MUCH WIFE" GENTLESATIRE ON MARRIAGE.t ' "sIMH-"PIFT THAT I AST" Comings an Goff8 Some YouJuiow ana otners ionPBANK & CO.'S MID-SUMMERSALE OF WONDERFUL VALUESWILL CONTINUE UNTIL AUG. 1.(18-3t)STEAW HATS AT HALF PEICESee themthe best ofin our windows. Onlythis season's styles.J. W. DAVIS & CO.CHANGE OF TIME TABLEBus for North Middletown andMt. Sterling leaves now 8:20 a. m.,4:15 p. m. Be sure to take the yellow bus from bus station.(18-2t) F. WECKESSER.. oTEACHERS' EXAMINATIONSuperintendent of Schools J. M.McVey announces that a teachers'examination for elementary certificates will be held in the court houseFriday, July 28, and Saturday, July29.O "' KAW, SHUCKS!S" A postcard to THE NEWS fromM. E. Guttman, of the Leader Store,who is summering and spending several weeks in New York on businessand pleasure, says:"Met some folks to-day from Paris,and I was surprised when they toldme they had never heard of THEBOURBON NEWS and didn't knowwhere The Leader Store was. Oh, Iforgot to state that these folks werefrom Paris, France."TALKS ON HYGENEE', Dr. P. K. Holmes, head ot tne uepartment of Health and Hygenie ofthe University of Kentucky, gave aninteresting and instructive lectureto the teachers of the BourbonCounty Normal School Tuesday afternoon. Dr. Holmes spoke mainlyalong the line of superstitions heldby many people with reference tohealth and hygenie, and gave someexcellent practical health hints andSTEAL GUARD'S GUNA nervy thief stole an automaticshot gun belonging to Geo. Ray,Tuesday night from a guard at theLouisville & Nashville underpass nearClaysville. A heavy freight trainwas passing when the guard on dutyset his gun down on a corner of theshack, while he went out to attendto some duty. "When he returnedhe discovered his artillery to bemissing. Anotner weapon was secured, and, according to the storytold Wednesday morning, he kept itin sight thereafter.oPICTURE PROGRAM ATAND GRANDALAMOTo-day, Friday July 21 DoubleFeature Day May Collins and Richard Dix. in "All's Fair In Love;"Cullen Landis, in "The Man WithTwo Mothers."To-morrow, Saturday, July 22A Realart picture, Wanda Hwley, in"Too Much Wife;" Pathe Weekly;Fox Comedy, "A Devilish Romeo."Monday, July 25 Lon Chaney andBeatrice Joy, in "The Ace ofHearts;" Pathe Review; UniversalComedy, "Cheerful Credit."oDICK ENGLISH HELD TO GRANDJURY.Richard English, of Paris, whowas arrested in Lexington, last Friday, when, it is alleged more thanfour ounces of morphine was seizedin a back room of a negro pool roomby a Federal narcotic agent, washeld to the federal grand jury Wednesday by U. S. Commissioner Chas.N. Wiard on a charge of violatingthe Harrison narcotic law. His bondwas fixed at $1,000, which was furnished. English was represented at hispreliminary hearing by Attorney W.P. Kimball. English did not testifyor present any evidence at the preliminary hearing. He was held tothe Frankfort court, which meets in.September.POLICE GIVE A WARNING TOCYCLISTSDon't.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. S. Dale, ofParis, were recent guests of friendsin Cynthiana.Miss Elizabeth Clark, of Louisville, is the guest of friends and relatives in Paris.Mrs. Rudolph Davis has returned from avisit to her mother, Mrs.Mary Howse, inCarlisle.Miss Pet Hall, of Covington, isa guest of Miss Lilly Penny at herhome on South High stret.Dr. J. C. Hart has returned tohis home in Clintonville, after avisit to relatives in Illinois.Miss Frances Wood and MissMary Catherine Connelley, of Paris,are visiting Miss Gertrude Downey,of Sixth street, in Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Hornbackhave returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Melvin Crump, in Carlisle.J. T. Rankin, of Sabina, Ohio, isvisiting his brother, Dr. George L.Rankin, and Mrs. Rankin, at Shawhan. Mr. and Mrs. Logan Bryan, ofNorth Middletown, are visiting Dr.and Mrs. A. B. Coons, in Georgetown.Miss Sara Maddox, of Eminence,is a guest of Misses Mary and Roberta Groham, at their home nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. Dan Carpenterand children have returned to theirhome in Flemingsburg, after a visitto Paris relatives.Mrs. George Allison, who hasbeen quite ill at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. C. P. Wilmott, onCypress street, is improving.Miss Carrie Rose, of Huntington, W. Va., is spending her vacatio with hgr parents, Mr. and Mrs.George Rose, on Lilleston avenue.Mrs. Verona Webb and daughter, Miss Del&ris Webb of St. Petersburg, Fla. ai'8 visiting the former'ssister, Mrs. F-. S. Elder, of Lillestonavenue.Mrs. Come Watson Baird, ofParis, and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Leer,tf Millersburg, were guests recentlyof Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Kennedy, inCarlisleMiss Rebecca Purnell will return to-morrow from a month's visitto Mr. and Mrs. Lee Barbour, MissAlice Barbour, and other relativesnear Louisville.Claude B. Smith, of near Jacksonville, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, where he recently underwent an operation. He isreported as doing very well.Miss Julia McCarty, night chiefoperator for the Cumberland Telephone Co., has returned from a two-weeks' vacation trip to Chicago, 111.,Milwaukee, Wis., and other points ofinterest in the West.Mrs. William Kenney Fersrusonand daughter, Anne, formerly ofParis, and Mrs. Ferguson's mother,Mrs. Reuben Ford Offutt, of Georgetown, are at Miwogco MineralSprings, near Milan, Indiana.Miss Belle Horton will leaveabout August first for Charlevioux,Mich., to join Rev. and Mrs. CareyE. Morgan, and daughter, Mrs. Fielding Gordon, of Nashville, Tenn., forthe remainder of the summer.Among the guests at the wedding of Miss Elizabeth Rice to Mr.Thos. Brown, at Little Rock, Tuesday, were Mr. and Mrs. TaylorMathers, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Burnaw, Miss Margaret Burnaw andMiss Emma Mathers, of Carlisle.J. T. Lanter, of Arizona, Mr.'and Mrs. A. W. Moore, of Lexington,Mrs. James Randall and two sons, ofMissouri, and Jack Brown, of WinChester, have returned to their respective homes, after a visit to Mr..'and Mrs. C. J. Harris, near Paris.Louisville Herald: "Mr. Wm.Mourning, Mr. Zach Offutt, Mr. Benjamin Robertson and Mr. E. B.Clark are among those who leftTuesday to take part in the Stateshoot being held at Hill Top, thecountry place of Mr. Alfred Clay, ofParis, Ky."Major and Mrs. P. H. Councilman, and two children, Martha andHalstead, of Asheville, North Carolina, were visitors in Paris yesterday. Major Councilman is instructor at the Bingham Military School,in Asheville. The party is makingan overland tour via motor car toCalifornia.Is it possible for a husband to become bored with a wife who permitshis doing just as he pleases? Yesif she insists upon doing it withhim! , ,That is the interesting situationdepicted in the Realart comedy, "TooMuch Wife," which has WandaHawley as the star and will be onthe screen at the Alamo and Grandtomorrow (Saturday) afternoon andnight.T. Roy Barnes has a particularlyhappy role as Jack Morgan, the husband whose domestic plight willelicit the smypathy of all too-fondly-lovedmarried men, while Arthur Hoyt convincingly representsanother phase of marriage the henpecked husband. Willard Louis isis the oft-divorced man and BertieJohns is the bashful bachelor. Othersupport includes Leigh Wyant andlittle John Fox, as the office-boy."Too MuQh Wife"- was written byLorsa Moon, who has contributed toCecil B. DeMille's series of screensermons on marriage.-oKENTON HOME FOR SALEHome of Mrs. E. L. Kenton, at234 Lilleston avenue, will be .soldpublicly by Harris, Speakes & Harrisat 2:00 p. m., Tuesday, August 2. Arare chance. See ad in this issue.(21-3t)PARIS CHAUTAUaUA ENDSThe Redpath Chautauqua closedtheir Paris engagement Wednesdaynight after a successful eight-days'program full of interesting and entertaining features.The two best numbers on theprogram, according to a large number of natrons, was "The Turn ofThe Road" and "Friendly EnemieS,"both high-class attractions. Thelatter production was greeted by oneof the largest crowds of the engagement. The closing bill embracedconcerts by Vierri's Hawiians and ahumorous review by Jesse Pugh, funspecialist,At the close of the Tuesday nightperformance a canvass was made toascertain the possibility of securingthe Redpath attractions for nextseason. Sufficient signatures werereceived to guarantee the return ofthe Chautauqua for the coming season. The Chautauqua promotersare greatly pleased over the financial showing made this season andhope the next season will be asprosperous.Fire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANFOR RENTFour furnished rooms, ready forhousekeeping, at 407 Pleasant St.Call at once.(It) MRS. CARL CRAWFORD.LOSTGold bar pin, pearl set, at Chautauqua or on streets, Saturday night.Suitable reward if returned to O.G. Lytle, at this office.LOSTAn L. C. Smith Trap Gun, inleather case, between Paris and Alf.Clay's, on North Middletown orMiddletown and Stony Point pike.Liberal reward if returned toSAM CLAY,Cumberland Phone 528, R. F. D. 2.(21-tf)LOSTSomewhere in Paris a baby's patent leather black shoe. Finderplease leave at Tully Bros.' drycleaning establishment. (It)Numerous complaints have beenmade recently to the Paris police regarding the doings of bicycle riderson the pavements and streets of thiscity, and the announcement has beenmade that they will begin an activecrusade against offending bicyclists,who have neither bells, nor lights ontheir bikes. They will also keep asharp lookout for riders who ridetheir machines on the pavements,which is. strictly forbidden by ordinance. With the coming of summer, useof bicycles has become more popularand many of the riders are verycareless in not having bells or lights,both of which are required by ordinance. It would be well for bicycle ridersto at once provide their bikes with-blls and -lights, and .avoid the hu-jkMiatioaCynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.John Patrick was called to Paris onaccount of the death of her brother,Jaul Jones Mrs. A. P. Adair, ofnear Paris, and her brother, Mr.John Stolworthy, of Cincinnati, wererecent guests of Mrs. Adai&'s daughter, Mrs. J. Will Plummer, and Mr.Plummer, in this city. They calledat The Democrat office, where Mr.Stolworthy renewed acquaintancewith the editor, a friend of his youthin Paris."(Other Personals on Page 3)ANNOUNCEMENTTHE ECONOMY AND HEATINGCOMPANYwith Jos. Newhall, Manager, arenow ready for business and wouldbe pleased to have a share of yourpatronage.Plumbing, heating, gas fitting andall work guaranteed. Call HomePhone 273.UNION SHOP.(21-3t)TAX BOARD MEETSThe local Board of Tax Supervisors, composed of Ossian Edwards, L.D. Harris and B. Friedman, is holding daily sessions at the court house.The Board will review and -equalizetme assesemeat mi oi'irarigrproperiyLadies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at$15, $18, $25, $29Worth double value. Colors:black, brown, etc. It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros.Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GpLDSTINEGALA DAYSFor the Thrifty Men andBoys HereaboutsEvery Straw Hat One-half PriceEvery Suit in the House Reduced One-thirdto One-halfShirt BargainsUnderwear BargainsShoe BargainsBARGAINS GALORE!We are trying not to carry over any summer merchandise, If you need anything it will pay you toget our prices.LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here arid SaveThe Only Shade Made With A Ventilator?UX ---"- . . .If.SELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINGPORCH SHADESMake your porch the most livable place about the home and do itwith VUDOR PORCH SHADES and out GOOD FURNITURE,SWINGS and RUGS. We are making very attractive prices. ;.rf'.Automatic Refrigerators.Arc the Best4sTHEXT.HINT0NC0.E1THERPHONE 3CPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINfeMoHtaMlkbr liivaHd Coach-UmUrtahtacm.,, - ."' j.. l, ... . .. . , v . ;r.--- - v . rnr-rrr-. . -,- m -,- --- tz - , - r: ,. .- ...,-' y , . s 3B-uiulxkw' or -Dins arreeiea ana ana win oe prepared xo near, citizens ; Corner SftventtTind Main Straita J. --A U""1Xkm3l.&"iHufcWr-r.4rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 21, 192PAGE SIXIHift'ftiJtniSUCH PAINS ASTHIS WOMAN HADTwo Months Could Not Turn in Bed,lydia E.f inkham's Vegetable Com-pond Finally Restored HealthSeattle, Washington. "I had drag--jingpains first and could not stand onmy teefc, then I badchills and fever andsuch pains in myright side and a hardlump there. I couldnot turn myself inbed and could notsleep. I was this wayfor over two months,trying everythingany one told me, until my sister broughtme a bottle of LydiaE. Pinkham's Vege--table Compound. I took it regularly until all the hard pains had left me and Iwas able to be up and fo do my workagain. The hard lump left my side andI feel splendid in all ways. I know ofmany women it has helped," Mrs. G.Hichardson, 4640 Orcas St, Seattle,Washington.This is another case where Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundbroughtresults after ' tryingeverythingany one told me" had failed.If you are suffering from pain, nervousness and are always tired; if youare low spirited and good for nothing,take Lydia E. Pinknam's VegetableCompound. You may not only relievethe present distress, but prevent thedevelopment of more serious trouble.COUNTERFEIT PBESCRIPTIOffBLANKS BEING USEDWarning to be on the watch fora new counterfeit physcian's prescription blank for procuring intoxicating liquor being circulated incertain parts of the country wassent to all federal prohibition directors, by Commissioner Haynes.Druggsts holding permits, hesaid, are strictly accountable forthe authenticity of the form uponwhich prescriptions for liquor arewritten, when filled by them,, andthe filling of any considerable number of prescriptions on counterfeitforms may be regarded as groundsfor the revocation of permits. 'WHAT EVERYBODY KNOWSSTRANGE HAPPENINGS IN WARREN USHER' COUNTY!(Carlisle Mercury)While coming to town Tuesdayafternoon Mr. J. F. Booth found abird closely resembling a bat, whichwas quite a curiosity. On thebreast 'of the bird was a pouch containing three young birds. Thepouch or the sack was not unlikethat of an opossum."Mr. G. D. Stewart of Taylor'sCreek, has a pig on his farm whichwas born wihout ears of any kindand is totally deaf. The animal isperfectly normal in all other respects and bids fair to be a 'whoping' porker by killing time thisfall."oA perfect emerald is the mostcostly of all jewels.inYou Need New Kegs -"f-?ts. j ',All Sizeslto50gallonsAnyQuantityWj PurposesTight WHITE OAK"Acme" Cooperageto keep your products properly."Acme Cooperage Stays Tight"If your local store does not have"ACME COOPERAGE," write usand we will ship your requirements direct.Dealers WantedApply at OnceIX3Doubtless there has T)een,a gooddeal of grafting on the consumingpublic, and the profiteers are notconfined to any locality or sectionof the country. They are in themanufacturing centers, and theywholesale and retail foods. Thousands of them are doing pleasanthandshaking acts in the "cornerstore," and the fellow who wantsfour dollars for moving a trunk, oran excessive sum for fixing the badboards on the back porch, is in thesame class with the other gougers,who, because they are big and powerful, are threatened by the Attorney General.No doubt the Government has apretty good opportunity to fix upthe affairs of the railroads, sincethey were turned over as a waremergency. And the Governmentcan properly and effectively straighten out a great many difficulties inthe affairs of the nation. But thepeople who expect that the UnitedStates, through its executive, or legislative branches is going to turnthe precedents of the country upsidedown in a Slight, are doomed to thesame disappointment as the SanFranciscoans and their supporters,who want the judicial system revised in order that one Mooney mayget out of jail in which he is properly lodged.There is no questioning the propriety of the agitation over highprices, but instead of expecting thegovernment to do everything thecountry can well afford to forgetprice-fixing schemes, regulated hoursof work, and rules for getting upand going to bed; for what everybody knows is; that increased production and greater care in consumption will serve nine-tenths of the industrial complaints of the consumers."Work and save" was a mightyfine slogan for war-time, but it wason a panel that was turned towardsthe wall when the armistice wassigned.jSajfcua'J."saNO TIME TO QUITLWe also wholesale Wrapping Paper,Bags, Twine, Tablets, Toilet Paper,etc. Prices to dealers on request. Itwill pay you to get in touch with us.The Acme Paper & Container Co.119-123 East Water StreetCincinnati, OhioJSTARTLING PRICES ONNEW FARM TRUCKS AND TRACTORSWe offer the following new trucks and tractors foreclosed onmortgage. All we want is to get money loaned on them.Inspection invited. Easy terms can be arranged. A profitableopportunity for dealers. Write us.NEW-NEVER BEEN USEDFACTORY PRICES OUR PRICES$ 300.00$ 125.00Midwest Utilitors2 1 1-2 ton Ace Trucks with allweather cab, electric lights,starter and pneumatic tires1 1 1-2 ton Diamond Truck withcab1 5 ton Indiana, with cabf. o. b. LouisvilleSeveral used trucks and tractors also to be sold very cheap. Worthinvestigation.Address: ELM GARAGE, Inc., (Bankers Agents)426 South 17th St. LOUISVILLE, KY.S2800.002400.004800.00$1650.00'1200.002800.00A man who has been actively engaged in business since reachingmanhood and has accumulated sufficient wealth to maintain him, announces his retirement -at the age offifty-six years. So pleased is he overthe outlook of getting out of the harness that he urges others to do likewise. For more than thirty years hehas worked hard, probably, and nowhe thinks he is going to have a lotof fun.But will he? He may be of such adisposition that he can throw off thehabits of a lifetime and get pleasureout of the release from responsibility,but if so he is the exception to therule. There are men who can turnfrom a vocation to an avocation anddevoting their entire time to the latter, preserve their balance, but it isa doubtful experiment.Nothing to defis the worst affliction that can befall any in fairlygood health. And why should a manwho is fifty-six want to separatehimself from the line of effort inwhich he has expended his bestyears? If he was in love with hisbusiness or profession at that age heshould possess his greatest value asan active participant in the business. In this era and under the conditions that prevail anyone who' quitsactive work at fifty-six when notdriven to it by physical necessity isdepriving the world of ten or fifteenyears of service to which it is entitled.Arrangement.Contrast is a 'good thing, but wemust observe the lawsot harmoniouscontrast, and unless we have spaceenough to secure these, it is better tobe content with unity and simplicity,which are always to be had. LeighHunt. 'GALVANIZED ROOFINGTHE BEST AND CHEAPEST METAL ROOF MADEA ROOF WITH A SIDE LAP THAT CANNOT LEAKMADE IN LENGTHS OF S, 6, 7, 8, 9, lO, 11 and 12 FEETNo Special Tools Required Easily and Quickly AppliedEVEIY MAN HIS OWNIIOFERTake this cut of this Superiors tonn Proof Hoofingto your nearest dealer. Ifhe cannotsupplyyou writeto xm direct.Samples furnished uponPATENTED BOOFINGalso made in Patent 2VOriaap asd Patent Comiafed.- ,MM ' Mm.MM ' m.MM ' I mMM ' I AMM ' I IVMM 'I XK 1 I XBSSlHaS ' maW mSkews era tectiaa ftat V CriB.3V Cria uthe TCrtical rifc af tktof tke mail. Tkk take thewkk Comma V Criaip,crista wkile the aaU it beater aire af the aaatrto carry to the eare mayerer the crisp. WitacaaveaU faM wkhia the bmU-YNOWOODSTICKSNEEDEDsateat Crimp asea ea PatCerragateil aWtag-. Nateaaier criap to the riratplace efthe weed atria ateaaaa1 avpperts the aatnaetar erhrea thremjh. Thecriav k famed as a ratterwater that stay be ariTeaawa V Criatp hk waterFigure 1 1 3 Patent 3V CrimpManufactured Exclusively ByTHE MOESCHL-EDWARDS CORRUGATING CO.- COVINGTON, - incorporated KENTUCKY p- - EVERYTHING IN SHEET METAL BUILDING MATERIAL - - -Unexpected!aOVewUSCO-BeSt ear, Heavier,LongerWesring3x3y-IOS? NoTax addedon Sale NowSCO set the high value markfor 30 x 3l2 tires when itoriginated the $10.90 pricelast Fall.USCO today betters thatmark with a new and greater USCO anUSCO improved in many important waysFor instance, a thicker tread with asurer hold on the road thicker side walls.adding strength and life to the tire.And the price is $10.90 with thetax absorbed by the manufacturerMen have always looked toUSCO for the biggest tiremoney's vorth on the market.They always get a biggertire moneyfs worth thanthey expectTheOtew&BetterUSCO$ia-aOOCopyright1922U.S. Tire Co.S1JPiwr it1IsHaSsHBlaaaBK. f iFf jV 1 1 Tsl 1 l rSflmr9wKim 6&(tfejp&?aKcGBaaaf Lrf-Iwam,iSSli avc wi&&ir ss!!yTSHmmUnited States Tire 5United States ) Rubber Companyttrpthm'ayyryyyYTyyyyyy'''yyvv'vyYV'iY'yyWhere YouGan BuyU. 5. Tires:MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., MUleraburg, Ky.RUGGLES MOTOR CO., Paris. KentuckyWHITE FRONT GARAGE, Paris, KentuckyYOUNG'S GARAGE AND MACHINE SHOP, North Middletown, Ky.CARTER COUNTY FIRE CLAY- CENTERCarter county has become one ofthe largest centers of the fire clayindustry and vast capital has beeninvested in the development. Cartercounty clay, has no superior for thepurpose and one of the principal activities is the manufacture of vitrified brick for street paving pur-1poses, the product being extensively 1used in street construction all overthe United States.The fire clay industry is one of the !leading items in the wonderful development of the natural resourcesthat is going on in Eastern Kentucky. Foreign capital is heavilyinterested in the enterprise that hasput Kentucky on the map in the fireclay industry and transformed a Ihitherto hilly and unproductive section into a scene of bustle and activity.STATE LOOKS TO HER SHRINESOne by one Kentucky is adding to 1her shrines. An act of the recentLegislature assures the restorationof "Federal Hill," near Bardstown.The completion of the Jefferson Davis monument at Fairview is nowunder way. The former is renownedas the place where Stephen CollinsFoster wrote "My Old KentuckyHome." The other, marking thebirthplace of the only President ,ofthe Confederacy, is to be taken overby the State.It is intended to make "FederalHill" a replica of the' time whenFoster composed his stirring songthat thrills every Kentuckian's heartwhether at home or far expatriated.The second tallest shaft in the worldwill tower over the humble home in twhich the Confederate chieftain firstsaw the light.After being neglected so long thework has well begun and should notbe stopped until every spot connected with Kentucky history andachievements is made a State shrine.State pride and patriotism demandthis.0Under a Microscope. IAlthough nearly every flower pre-;sents new beauties of detail whenviewed through a microscope, notevery one resembles the illustrationto some Far Eastern wonder tale, aadoes the swamp saxifrage. Anything 'but lovely at first unmagnified glance, ', this humble flower proves rascinatingwhen seen through a lens. Instead ofresembling a cushion stuck full of redheaded pins and decked with knots ofribbon, the microscope view makes.one think of an elaborate pagoda ornamented with filigree r vorkK carvingand exqoitfbits of sculpture, t thewhole structure expressed -iamlnia-turefloral form. ' r 5 'When Looking ForGOOD PAINTAt the Lowest Possible PricesGive Us a CallWe carry everything in the Paintand Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.WeVe.also Contracting Paintersand Paper Hangers.JLet us figure on your next job.tKANE BROS.AGENTS FOR THE FOY PAINTSSouth Main St.. Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087Home Phont 39947The Quickest: WaySave time and energy during the warm weather. by installing a HOME TELEPHONE in your residence. Just remove the receiver from., the hookand you will find our courteous operators at yourservice.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporatedo -Vt "'a-'" V avV. A V a .a. i 'DQurDon news Advertisers utr iiesiits4Avs,1 1.tfON".1 r.t If.MV,, ,rJi-Tv V"t Ia FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1922THE ..BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, JOBrmiKYK fPAK ffiYQUEER. HAPPENINGS IN THEDATS NEWSUZUOH DOLIARS IS TEESBYTEv BIAN ADCVvl4. -PAINS INYOUR BACK?A4-They are oftentimes symptoms of overworked vital organs and should be regardedas a warning. Generally thedigestive system may be 65sordered and then you are mostlikely tofind theideal measureof relief in Tanlac, the celebrated tonic and system purifier that has brought healthand happiness to so many hundreds of thousands all over theUnited States, Canada andMexico.Tanlac is sold by all good druggistsJACKSON Falling1 from a, logcar at Buckhorn and breaking hisarm, little Ollie Hayes had to takensixteen miles to Quicksand beforethe bones could be set. Infectiondeveloped and he is in a critical condition from blood poisoning at a hospital.SOMERSET The body of MissHazel Lewis, daughter of OwenLewis, of Greenwood was broughthere for burial. She was killed atChattanooga when a tire thrown byan automobile tore, through a fenceand struck her, death being instantaneous.CARROLLTON Little ClydeWilliam Carter underwent an operation in which one of the bones in hisleg from ankle to the knee was taken out. Some weeks ago he suffered severely from a stone bruise .onhis foot, and physicians believe thatthe infection was ..communicated tothe bone.GRAYSON A sunstroke sufferedrecently by Prof. W. R. Calloway,who has taught the colored schoolhere for many years, resulted in lossof his reason. He was committed tothe Lexington State Hospital.STATE AIDS TEACHEESThe State's share of the cost ofmaintaining the 69 county teachertraining schools in Kentucky for"white teachers and prospectiveteachers this summer will amountto 27,884.50, it was stated by Chas.D. Lewis, State director of teachertraining. The counties will pay thedifference between that amount and41.268.50. Mr. Lewis said that5,543 teachers and prospectiveteachers are enrolled in theseschools. The eight training schoolsior negro teachers will cost theState about 4,000.fliWaddcll'sPile Remedyn't Suffer Don't be Operatedttntil yon have tried Dr. WaddelTaRemedy. Absolutely harmless. Guarto give absolute satisfaction orrefunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourIf not write us.ALL KENTUCKY CONGRESSMENREENTER FOR ELECTIONIiWith one exception, all of thepresent Congressmen from Kentuckyare candidates for renomination inthe primaries August 5. The exception is Congressman Charles F. Ogden, Republican, of Anchorage, inthe Fifth District, and as a result ofhis refusal to run, Maurice L.Thatcher, former Governor of thePanama Canal Zone, will be opposedin November by Kendrick R. Lewis,of Louisville, on the Democraticside.2a six of the other ten districts'in the State the present Congressmen have no opposition in the primaries. Summed up, the Democratshave four contests and the Republicans have six.oSO SAY WE ALL OF US!edicineCo.Smiths GroVe.Ky.(Louisville Herald)We know of a certain newspaperthat is reputed to have paid $5,000for the Kaiser's memoirs. Thereupon it proceeds to cut down expensesby reducing its local staff. "It's ah of a note," said one one ofthe reporters "let out," "that fiveyears after the war any writingthat comes from the Kaiser shouldcost ten Americans their jobs. Toh with the Hapsburgs and theHohenzollernsi"HMIHMHH 'M-4"M-'M"I''M "M"H ittfltflMGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay137Night I2?sniiiiiMiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiim?FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYvI? ii'H HUM f f 1 IU H I MMM tWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties IElectricVWashing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, :A11LKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes' and Prices. Gas Logs' and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICER'MAW STREETOFF. COURT HOUSEitem. -Lr2 2f-J--S& i-m n i ii n n 1 1 mm i rn MmFULTON Two years ago MilfordOlsen, son of Mr. and Mrs. C. V.Olsen, of Spooner township, swallowed a shingle nail. The nail couldand as it did not cause the child anyand asit did not cause the child anydiscomfort, the incident was forgotten. Recently he was seized with aviolent bit of coughing and he vomited up the nail.SHADYSIDE, O. A big windstormdislodged a bird's nest from a rambler rose bush in the yard at thehome of Michael Mochary.The nest, abandoned some timeago by a red bird, contained a $20bill, pages from a Bible and partsof postal money orders from Cleveland, Kenwood, Freeport, Fairpoint,Powhatan and Canton, O.; Wheeling, W. Va.; Danti, Va.; Gray, Ind.,and "Wmslow, Ariz.Morchary expressed belief thatthe articles might have been placedin the bush by thieves who failed toleturn for them."SAFE INVESTMENTS"Recently Raymond Hitchcockwas credited with giving a "surefire" system for "beating" theraces. It was not to bet on them.Now comes the United States Treasury Department with a "sure fire"investment. The department advises buying Treasury Savings Certificates. These certificates are sold at ?20,80 and $800 and in five years arepaid off at ?25, $100 and $1,000, respectively. This is 25 per cent infive years; there are no taxes to payon them and as the name of eachowner is recorded in Weshington,the loss of the certificate itself doesnot mean the loss of the investmentAnd Uncle Sam stands behind theguarantee.Both of the foregoing systemsare unbeatable in their respectivefields and might .well be "twinnedup" for the best results. "What issaved by taking Mr. Hitchcock's advice may be made into insuranceagainst ill fortune in years to comeby accepting the advice of the Treasury Department.NATIVE BIRDS INCREASINGReports from every, section ofKentucky indicate that there is aconsiderable increase vin the numberof useful birds, which is ascribedto the protective legislation adopted by the Federal Government andpractically every State. ii4iParticularly is the increase observed in the cardinal, robin, thrushand bluejay, which, have invadedeven the large cities, where theyare now to be seen in great numbers. Only a few years ago thesight of some of the species was ararity.It was the common belief that theEnglish sparrows had driven theother birds away, but the constantincrease in the number of song birdssince the enactment of protectivelegislation disposes of the fallacy.All of this goes to show thaf intelligent conservation is doing much torestore conditions existing beforethe era of wanton waste and destruction. It has been only a fewyears since bird egg collection wasa popular fad not only among boys,but among many grown-ups and thisfad took enormous toll of bird life.This is now prohibited by law, aswell as the confinement of anyAmerican song bird. Formerly itwas a common sight to see the cardinal and mocking bird in captivity,but now these birds delight the earwith their notes unhampered byconfinement in a cage.oDrivsn to Extremity.Kansas Paper There's a girl inoar town wearing a handsome diamond ring' and It deathly afraid ofburglars. At nlarht when she retiresJ'sht slip mm rfnrtt J&wvlJftWtovr mu-Lwiy. xmmiux xransenpe.'. Local Presbyterians have receivednotice of the appointment of Dr. I.C. Acheson, of Danville, and S.French Hoe, of Frankfort, on theexecutive committee in charge ofthe Presbyterian movement forChristian education in which $1,000,000 is to be raised for the Presbyterian institutions of this State.Actual solicitation has started inthe eastern section of the State,after preliminary preparations andreports received indicate that thegoal will be reached within the timelimit. The work thus far has beenoutside of the larger cities by campaigns, and will open in the largerplaces shortly.The needs of nine institutions covered in the movement have beenprepared by the heads of the institutions and were set forth in statement 'recently made by those incharge of the work.. The statement shows that endowment is the main need of theschools, colleges and the orphanagein order 'that they be placed on afirm financial basis.Mr. Garrett S. Jefferson, of thelocal church, is looking after theadvertising end and a few other details for Bourbon county.Catarrhal ConditionsCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEIs taken internally and acts through theBlood upon the Mucous Surfaces of theSystem. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEgives the patient strength by improvingthe general health, and assists Nature indoing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.BOILING LAVA POUND AT DEPTHOF TEN FEETBorings into Kilauea volcano, island of Hawaii, recently started under the auspices of the HawaiianVolcano Research Association, haveresulted in the finding of live steamregistering a temperature of 90 degiees centigrade at depths of onlyabout ten feet below the surface ofthe lava.It is planned to extend the boringopeiations to cover the entire volcanic area in the vicinity of Kilaueavolcano. These places showing thegieatest possibilities of power development will be selected for deeper and more extensive borings.When you feel ss3nervous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills $ggWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Props., Cleveland. O.For Sale By0BEED0EFEE, THE DRUGGISTBarmen Lyei f' Bs siBxpFJJBsBsBsBsBfliflSsYisfeasy to useNo other lye is packed sosafely and conveniently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfectsso easily and thoroughly as Banner Lye, Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever known. Use it .for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, forsoftening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in half.Makes' puresoapand saves money besides. A can ofBanner Lye, 5 pounds of kitchen grease,ten minutes' easy work (no boiling or largekettles), and you have 10 pounds of best hardsoap or 20 gaUons of soft soap. fBanner Lyt Is sola by your grocer or druggists.Write to us for free booklet. " UtttOBanntrLyefi,Tkc Peaa Chemical Work Philadelphia U 6 AFARMERS8TRADERSBANKPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiier, President8. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. W-Slitchell. CashierImo. W. Terkes, JLsst CashierDan Peed Jr., Bookkeeper...yd&r$c6NTHE TOiOaERlSAL CABFARMERSOF BOURBON COUNTYHave You Figured on How Much You Can Savewith a FORDSON TRACTOR in Plowing andPreparing Your Ground, Filling Your Silos,Harvesting Your Crop and Numerous OtherThings?Just stop and figure the difference in cost in the oldway and with the use of a Fordson. Do not wait untilyou are ready to begin work and then have to wait foryour tractor. Place your order now while we can giveyou immediate delivery.$125.00 Places a Tractor in your FieldRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYVi1xSmmimYJ3E3?A;::;IKS1X!Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streetxt VAimzAS' tf ns -y hmmm 'mmKmWSSSi T"V57s irQA-'i?,--i- 2 A JfF 1- rjrrr-rjr fcSATISFACTIONtef- OUR WATCHWORD!M With all the latest improve-fr ments in laundry appliancesf? and expert helpers we are' r !,J prepared to do work infers rior to none, and solicity your patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGIN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped' byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.H1HT 7Hi Hftfifl4-fc t I ll WlTwo - Year - Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second' Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSSfcNrMaim.., 4g-gtsu'.. i .,4 i.i, , t;? t .rr-ri2 ot jaitltorii gilv AtofzsixiVIZiV?wlIajkiinIr-1-fvf. a-r- tAt?av- alt' 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKf-w- p-fi- r v .' p'Vr r FRIDAY, JULY 11, 111."'PAGE EIGHT7i-Iii. iMa. uffMILLERSBURGctfamting News Items Prom Bonrbon County's College TownDEATHSlife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayMiss Carolyn Best is visiting."friends in Winchester.Miss Nancy Layson is the guestof relatives in Lexington.Miss Marguerite Layson is visit-:Znxg relatives in Lexington.3tfr. Sanford Allen and familytare visiting relatives in Stanford.Mrs. Annie Jefferson is visitingIMr. and Mrs. Garret Judy, in Paris.Miss Bernice Bonar has returne& from a visit with friends in Carlisle. -Mrs. Richard Butler and son, of"2Saris, visited relatives here the pastweek.Mrs. Jennie Lyle, of Lexington,is visitinfi her aunt, Mrs. Sue San---dusky.Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Judy and-;son, John, visited relatives here"Wednesday.Miss Florence Vimont is visit--lngner sister, Mrs. W. A. Munzing,zin Maysville.Mr. Garland Fisher and sister,3Iiss Ethel Fisher, are visiting rela--"ttvesin Illionois.Dr. G. W. Nutter will conduct-a protracted meeting at Jackstown,beginning August 7th.Mrs. Neppie Rigdon has return- ed to her home in Lexington after a-visit with friends here.Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger and little daughter, of Paris, "are visitinglier parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wil-eon.Mrs. Wallace Shannon has re-turned from a several months' visit-with her mother, Mrs. Scales, inMississippi.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Carrington-sand children, of Ravenna, are visiting the latter's parents, Mr. andMrs. J. F. McDaniel.Mr. and Mrs. 0. L. Potts movedthis week from the High SchoolTbuilding to the home of Mrs. G. W.JBramblett, on Main street.FOR SALE One suite of walnut furniture, 1 Majestic Range andIRoll-Top desk, typewriter and chinacabinet. Home Phone 14, Millersburg, Ky.JTTATT, mSUBANCEINSURE YOUE TOBACCO' .AGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(julyT tf )SPEARS MILLS(Delayed in Transmission)Wm. Huffaker and daughter,v Lida, and Mr. Hugh Jones, visitedfriends in Millersburg, Sunday.Mr and Mrs. Harvey Aldridge-visited friends and relatives in"Winchester, Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. Eliza Crowe and daugh" ter, Miss Birdie, of Cincinnati, arevisiting at the home of W. F.- Mitchell.Mr. and Mrs. Dan Lail and-children, Dandy and Holland, andMr. and Mrs. Virgil Harney were.guests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. S. R."Hudnall.The Spears Mill baseball team-flayed their first game of the sea-.:SGn on the home grounds Saturday,.July 15, defeating the Cross Roads4 j team by a score of 4 to 3. This was.. the last of a series of three games,Spears Mill taking two out of three..'"Woods, of Paris, pitched for the-Cross Roads team, while Dave Pat' Tick pitched for the Spears Mill', team. The Escondida team was on-he ground to play the winner, and-won the game by a score or b to t.McCULLOUGHJ. C. McCullough, brother ofMrs. Arthur Argo, of Paris, died atthe home of his parents, near Ewing, after a short illness, due to acomplication of diseases. BesidesMrs. Argo and his parents, he issurvived by one brother, Clayton McCullough, of Cincinnati.AlCTTgrii Im5&'1ANP1LUCKYMrs. Virgie Lucky and infantdied recently at their home nearLair. Mrs. Lucky was the wife ofOney B. Lucky, and was a daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Earlywine,of Fleming county. She was a sister of Walter Earlywine, of Millersburg. The funeral and burial wereheld in Battle Grove Cemetery, inCynthiana, with services conductedby Rev. C. H. Mattox.2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.97:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.FRIDAYBROWNMrs. Francis Brown, aged seventy-six,died Tuesday morning ather home in Ford, Clark county, after a long illness, due to a complication of diseases. Mrs. Brown wasthe wife of J. A. Brown, and was asincere Christian and churchworker.Mrs. Brown leaves a large family,five sons and four daughters tomourn her loss. One son, C. M.Brown, is a resident of Paris.The funeral was held Wednesdayafternoon with services conductedat the grave in the Winchester Cemetery, by Rev. J. H. MacNeill, of theWinchester Christian church. Thepall-bearers were her grandsons.Double Feature Dayamm "aiis i-air in uoveFRIDAYMAY COLLINSand RICHARD DIXShe vamped her own husband! And, oh, my dear, what happened? If you like a lively melange of pep and laughter, spiced with a thrilland shot through with romance, you'll thoroughly enjoy this amazing adventure of an amateur vamp.K '" "The Man with Two Mothers"There's room amid the laugh for a real story, and there's dash and action to Dennis. as he exposes the crooks, shows his adopted motherher real heart, and wins the girl. It's the picture you've been waiting for and Mary Alden has another mother role here this one closeto the comedy line. Don't miss this splendid program.SALENDARWm. Salendar, aged thirty, formerly of Winchester, died in Florence, Arizona, after a long illness oftuberculosis. The body was sent toWinchester, where services wereheld yesterday morning. Followingthe services there the body wasbrought to Paris, where the interment took place in the CatholicCemetery.Young Salandar was a son of Mr.and Mrs. J. D. Salander, of Winchester, and was well-known in Paris.He is survived by three brothers, B.A. Salendar, John Salandar andLambert Salandar, all of Winchester,and three sisters, Mrs. Mary Guinn,of Winchester; Mrs. Henry Lucas, ofMiddletown, Ohio, and Mrs. EvaBush, of Newport.SaturdayA REALART PICTURESaturdayWanda Hawley in "Too Much Wife"The story of a bride who determined to give her husband absolute freedom and then share it with him! It is a breezy comedy of married life; a bride's noble resolutions and how living up to what she considered her duty nearly wrecked her husband's happiness. Something new for you to enjoy. Also Pathe Weekly arid Fox Comedy, "Devilish Romeo"MONDAY GOLDWYN PRESENTSLON CHANEY andLEATRICE JOYGouverneur Morris' greatest screen play a thrilling melodrama that will hold you on the edge of your seatunusual twist in which the destinies of many people hung upon the ace of hearts.Also Pathe Review and Universal Comedy, "Cheerful Credit"in"Ace ofMONDAYHearts"A powerful story with anof his nartv and his friends. . Hewas for two terms doorkeeper of theSenate in the Kentucky Legislature,and was a Democrat of the oldschool.WHALENThe body of Stephen B. Whalen,a native of Bourbon county, and thefirst soldier from Harrison countykilled in the world war, was buriedat Cynthiana, last Sunday, with impressive military ceremonies at Battle Grove Cemetery. A number ofmembers of Bourbon Post, AmericanLegion, attended the funeral and burial, which was conducted under auspices of Stephen B. Whalen Post,No. 27, American Legion, of Harrison county.Young Whalen enlisted at Lexington, in April, 1917, in the 149th Infantry, and after intensive trainingat a number of camps, was sent toFrance in June, 1918. On arrivalthere he was placed with CompanyD., 168th Infantry of the now famous Rainbow Division. He waskilled in action in the battle of theMarne, on July 31, 1918.MATRIMONIALA Eecord of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByHARRISON CASEGrover C. Case, farmer, twentynine, and Miss Lillie Mae Harrison,twenty-four, both residents of Bourbon county, were married at thehome of the officiating minister, Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, Monday evening.GAME PLENTIFUL; DOVE LAWOUT SEPT. 1.Quail and rabbit hunting will bebetter in Bourbon county this yearthan ever, according to well-informedlocal sportsmen. Several farm-LAEGE LAMB SALESOne of the largest and best salesof lambs for this year was held inLexington Wednesday, at the Gentry & Thompson stockyards, when atotal of 2,000 lambs was sold forERLICH JOHNSTONMr. and Mrs. Wm. Erlich, ofLudlow, former residents of Paris,announce the marriage of theirdaughter, Miss Arabelle Erlich, toMr. Dan Collier Johnston, of nearLexington, which took place at thehome of the officiating minister ,Rev.T. S. Smiley, pastor of the Presbyterian church, in this city, on Sunday, July 2.The bride was a student at theUniversity of Kentucky and a member of the Kappa Delta Sorority, andis very popular among her collegefriends. Mr. Johnston is the thirdson of Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Johnston,of near Lexington, and is a formerstudent of Center College, at Danville, and a member of the SigmaChi fraternity. Me. and Mrs.Johnston are spending their honeymoon at Dishman Springs, and willmake their home in Pineville.ers have reported rabbits giving nearly $19,000, averaging $9.50them a great deal of trouble by des- each. The highest price was realiztroying garden products. led on a sale of 137 lambs at $14.50,The dove law this year will not 'to Jonas and Hershel Weil, of Lexbe out until the first of September, ington, acting for Aaron Levy, ofand, it will be lawful to kill them Brooklyn, New York. Caywood &the first day of December. Many McClintock, of Paris, bought one lot,hunters have all along been under of 236 lambs, averaging 76 pounds,the mistaken impression that the at $12.90, and another lot of 276,closed season on doves expired Aug. averaging 65 pounds, at $10.35.1. State Game Warden A. W. Bullock, of Paris, asks THE NEWS togive publicity to this notice, in order to prevent any mistakes by hunters. He will see that the game laws to fall.are rigidly enforced. In this he will j obe supported and aided by the Bour-! The surgeon fish of the West Inbon County Game and Fish Club, ' dies extracts blood from those whoand all other la-abiding sports- handle it. vmen. I Qd The annual now of the MississippiBees that swarm in the Spring carries to the sea about 400,000,000make little honey. ons of solid water.In Mexico are certain localitieswhere rain never has been knownAUTOMOBILE "SIDESWIPED"A Dodge automobile belonging toLeslie Bybee, of Cynthiana, wasdamaged to the extent of about $100when it was "sideswiped" by an autosaid to- have been driven by G. W.Letcher, of Paris. Mr. Bybee waswithin a few feet of the end of theTownsend bridge, below Paris, when,Mr. Letcher drove up without slowing, and the accident occurred. Mr.Letcher stated afterward that hethought the bridge was wide enoughfor the two cars to pass. Mrs. Bybeeand babe were in the car with Mr.Bybee, but luckily, both escaped serious injury.-o-RAINS HELP CBOPSRains of the past week and thisweek have been of great benefit togrowing crops in Bourbon county.Crops of all kinds are in excellentcondition, and from present prospects the yield this fall will be unusually heavy. Gardens are also doing nicely.BBENNETTAt the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, Thursday morning, at12:40, Miss Belle H. Bennett passedto her eternal reward, thus closingone of the most active, consecratedand intelligent lives known in Southern Methodism. Deeply spiritualJEscondida was lucky, because Spears J from her girlhood, she consecratedall her wonderful gilts oi mmd,soul and body to the cause of uplifting humanity the world over. Shehas filled all the important offices ofthe churchr and at the time of herdeath was president of the Woman'sMissionary Council of the M. E.Church, South. She has visitedevery mission field, and was on manyof the International Boards in theUnited States. As a woman of largemeans, she contributed to the advancement of the work whenever itwas needed and the progress of missions in the Levan fields occupied,is largely due to her wise administration.r ratill was handicapped by having to" iuse their catcher for pitcher, and, t. their third baseman for a catcher.REAL ESTATE DEALSAmong recent real estate transfers made in the office of the CountyClerk, in Lexington, were the fol; "lowing: "pjElsie and Thomas M. Arkle to J."Hay Honey, lots 32 and 33, block H,Forrest Park subdivision $1,000.Mrs. Nell Turner and Elsie andirThomas M. Arkle to J. Ray Honey,lots 30 and 31, Forest Park sub'Oivisloii, $1,000.ATTEND KENTON SALEHarris, Speakes & Harris will sell" "publicly on Tuesday, August 2, at-!2:00 p. m., the home of Mrs. E. L."Kenton, 234 Lilleston avenue. Seeadvertisement in this issue.21-3t)o-JABHSLE BOYS JOIN BANDThree Carlisle boys, Leslie Smith,ZPaul Walden and Eugene Wise, joinr -ed the Rhoda Royal Circus 'band atTaris during the recent visit of thatorganization. All three are fine mu-sicians and will be valuable addi--tions to the hand.oItfOXAN NAKED OK COMMITTEEMrs. Speed Hibler, of Hazard, for-r Ttaerly of Paris, was appointed a3!DMmber of the Kentucky ExecutiveI -Committee . on Mental Hygenie byI -CiOTemor Morrow Wdnsday. Mm.-Hlbter MocMit Mrs. W. T. Lf rty,PETERSON.Charles H. Peterson, aged seventy-seven, a prominent Nicholascounty farmer, died at the home, ofhis son-in-law, Harry Marshall, inHarrison county, after a long illness.Mr. Peterson was the last of afamily of eleven children. He is survived by two sons and four daughters, one of whom, Mrs. -Jos. Stanford, resides in Bourbon county.The funeral was held Tuesday afternoon at the Marshall residence,with services conducted by Rev. E.J. Wright, assisted by Rev. J. E.Moss. The burial followed in BattleGrove . Cemetery, in Cynthiana,where committal services were conducted at the grave by members ofthe Paris F. & A. M. lodge No. 2.Mr. Peterson had an extensive acquaintance in Bourbon, Nicholas andHarrison counties,- and through theentire State. He was a retired farmer, and in late years Iiad made hishome in Paris, spending much of Histime with his children in Harrisoncounty. He was fond of politics andwaa never batter- pleated than whenRICE BROWNIn the presence of a few intimate friends and relatives of thebride and groom, the marriage ofMiss Elizabeth Katherine Rice andMr. Thomas Harvey Brown, both ofMillersburg, was solemnized Tuesday evening at four o'clock, at thehome of the bride's sister, Mrs. Edsell Clark, In Little Rock, the Rev.G. W. Nutter, pastor of the Millersburg Christian church, officiating.Mrs. Brown is a native of Nicholascounty, and a graduate of the Carlisle High. School, but for the pasttwo years has been a teacher in theBourbon County High School at Millersburg. She was one of the mostpopular teachers in the school, andhas a wide circle of friends throughout Bourbon county. Mr. Brown isa well-known young business man ofMillersburg and was recently appointed to the position of postmaster 'of that place.BIRTHSAt Evansville, Indiana, to thewife of T. E. Gilmore, a daughter,christened Martha Mae. Mrs., Gilmore was formerly Miss Louise Kenney, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Parrent arereceiving congratulations upon thearrival of a fine boy, weight tenpounds, born Wednesday night attheir home on Houston avenue. Theyoung man has been named C. RParrent, Jr. Mr. Parrent is localmanager of Piggly-Wiggly Store.CHAPMAN ADDBESSES HENDERSON TOBACCO MENVirgil Chapman, Jr., of Paris,general counsel for the Co-operativeBurley Tobacco Marketing Association, addressed the tobacco growersof Henderson county in the courthouse at Henderson last night in theinterest of the Dark Tobacco Growers Marketing Association. DMingthe week local members of tke Association have been procuring signatures of growers who are poolingengaged i furthering the interest. crops. " - - ;.?;, .I 'V VV "UitPRICESSMASHEDIN OUR SENSATIONALSWEEPSi!Our entire stock on sale. Tremendous reductions this week! Agreat sale offering of the Newest Summer Styles in Footwear!Oxfords and Strap Slippersat price-sweeping, marked-down reductions. Follow the crowdsto our store. Get your share of the savings.Great Clean-Sweet Sale of neweststyle Ladies' White Canvas footwear in Lace Oxfords and Straps.Some Military Enamel Heels. 4 MrReduced to J I.'tJLadies' $3.00 to $4.00 Tan and 4 QrBlack Oxfords. Reduced to .' J BJJ JClean Sweep Sale Misses' and Children's Oxfords and Slippers.Misses' and Children's $3.00 and 4 Qr$3.50 Slippers. Reduced to . . .'. J BJD,Ladies's ?4.50 Patent Straps, Rub- A Qrber Heels. Reduced to . . . JZ.UUMisses' and Children's White. Can- 4 J Jvas Slippers. Reduced to J mlChildren's $1.50 Tan Play LaceOxfords. Sizes 6 to 11. Re- qqduced to UUUA big lot of Misses' Shoes, values 4 a ato $2.50. Reduced to IJ-UULadies' High Grade Slippers, $4.00,$5.00 and $6.00 grades. Won- fn jjrderful values. Reduced to J yjlMen's Shoes and Oxfords SalePrices Tan Russia Leathers,Rubber Heels, $4.00 grades. APReduced to JZ.UUMen's $5.00 grades newest style f a jrShoes and Oxfords. Reduced to.. Jj.fDLadies' $5.00 to $7.00 grades new a apest styles. Reduced to JO.uOMen's $3.00 Army last Work. Shoes 4 apReduced to J B5IDInfants' $1.00 Strap Slippers M-.at 3U.CMen's $2.50 Tan Elk ScoutShoes, now .-.- J I UDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy. RcijiBBSS'm1 LtxtefftoB, wIm 4climd to serve.5r . X "'.'-TJy V Ctt (.VwJ- tMJf' -nTi-f-r- i?- .tS ".?- i ST!.MrV5&""- . ''i'SI," i-S,tV'"-AS