"' j s ''THEvBOURlON NEWf '''' ''It.. PUBLLSHED EJVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY 1M THE YEAR. , JS'VOLUME XLIIAUTO OVERTURNSMJRHURTAnro Accident Sunday Night Seriously Injures Tobacco Man andThree CompanionsCAR SKIDS ON WET BOADAs a result of an accident whichhappened on the Paris and Lexingtonload, about five miles from ParisSunday night, four persons were injured, all sustaining serious cuts,biases and other injuries.A machine coining from Lexingtonto Paris containing Fred P. Mallory,A' son Squires, of Paris, and MissesMargery Bowles and Jennie Rankin,of Millersburg, skidded on the wetsuiface of the road, and was overturned, crashing into a telephonepoe, the occupants being pinned underneath the machine. Mr. Mallorywas driving the car, a Buick coupe.Ht had a leg broken and received seAe:e cuts about the head and body,arl is thought to have been injuredinternally. Mr. Squires escaped withslight bruises and scratches about thehead and face, and the young womenwere more or less bruised and cutalout the face and arms.Preston Bales, of Paris, who wasreturning from a trip to Lexington,secured help from a nearby house andplaced the injured people in his machine bringing them to the MassieMemorial Hospital, where they weregiven medical attention. Mr- Mallory was reported yesterday as restir comfortably.Mr. Mallory is bookkeeper at theIndependent Tobacco warehouse, inPnws, and Mr. Squires is an auctioneer, being connected with the tobaccomarkets here and elsewhere. MissesBowles and Rankin are employes ofthe Home Telephone company in theMillersburg exchange.DOGS KILL SHEEPDogs got into a flock of sheep onthe Turney farm, occupied by LouTaylor, Sunday night, and killedthirty-five before they were discovered. Mr. Taylor heard the bleating ofthe animals and securing a shot gungave chase to the dogs. He firedseveral shots, but in the darkness hisaim was ineffectual, and the dogshad gained too much, speed to bestopped. Mr. Taylor says three ofthe dogs appeared to be greyhounds,while others were "just ordinaryonery curs."MothersandFathersLook Here!To raise cashplaced on salewe havea lot ofBoys'All WoolSuitsat$4.50A price you cannot afford to pass for a Boy'sAll Wool Suit.e amongthe thriftybuyershomeand shop atWe can alwaysgive you the best values."Ole Know Bow"Mitchell &BlakemoreBOURBON P0STv .AMERICAN LEGIONWall Street is determined to killthe adjusted compensation bill atany cost, according to a report sentby New York State executives of theAmerican Legion to National headquarters at Indianapolis, Ind. Thereport states that mandatory orderswere issued by at least one largestock exchange house, ordering employes, both men and women, towrite their Congressmen urgingagainst the passage of the measure.Suggested forms were handed out.and employes were instructed to de-liver their letters in unsealedvelopes to their employers foren-in-spection.Lined up with Wall Streetagainst the bonus is the U. S. Chamber of Commerce, whir.h hmxmra-nis meeting continued onnositinn fits constituent chambers in widelvseparated parts of the coimtrv.Chambers in Omaha, Neb., in Battle Creek, Mich., and in several pities in Oklahoma and Ohio have nowflatly declared in favor of the bonusm the questionnaire sent out hv t.hnational bodv. In TnWn fna hearing- hv , AmnL t .,business men of the local commerceooara refused to vote on the matter,charging that the issue had not beenimpartially presented by the U. S.Chamber. They said it had ignoredthree of the five options.Members of the American t..;in Kentucky practically unanimouslyxpjiuveu tne national federal bonusfor former service men, according tothe referndum count finished Saturday by State officials of the Legion."There is practically no conflict ofopinion within the Legion about theNational bonus," Henry J. Stites,chairman of the legislative committee of the Department of TCpntnrT-said. 'On he question of a State bonusninety-four posts out of 163 did notvote, but in the sixty-nine voting, thepoll showed that a majority of between five and six to one favored theState bonus. The Legion has morethan 20,000 members in Kentucky.The count on the two Questionswill be sent to national hpartnunr.ters of the Legion, to form part ofthe request to Congress for Federal"adjusted compensation."oMISS RUBY ELDER WINS PUZZLE PRIZEThe successful contestant for THENEWS puzzle in the "MunificentGift" feature article appearing inissue of February 14, is Miss RubyElder, of 260 Lilleston avenue. MissElder's answer brought its reward inthe shape of two $5.00 gold pieces.The original lines in the puzzleread as follows:"A single I am, a twin I am never;A triplet I am, though my parts youcan sever.Search well for me here, but bearthis in mind,The more you discover the less youwill find."Of the many replies received inanswer, Miss Elder's was the correctone, and the most artistic, being aneatly-drawn design, representing anold-time tavern sign, on the signboard being printed her solution, asfollows."A single I am, a twin I am NEVER;A triplet I am, though my partsyou can sever.Search well for me here, but bearthis in mind,The more you discover THE LESSyou will find."The answer NEVERTHELESS."Miss Elder is to be congratulatedupon the success in landing theprize. THE NEWS congratulatesher, and all others who came closeto the solution.RESIGNS POSITION AS AGENTChas. B. Cox has resigned his position as agent for the Frankfort &Cincinnati railroad, at Elizabeth,which place he has most efficientlyfilled for twenty-nine years. Theresignation becomes effective March1, when Mr. Cox will resume farming near Elizabeth. He will be succeeded as agent at Elizabeth by B.E. Schramme, now agent for the L.& N., at Glen's Creek, Ky.oPRICES RIGHTOur prices are right on anythingyou need. Large can tomatoes, 15c;sifted peas, 15c; sugar corn, 10c;pure cane sugar, 16 pounds,. $1.00;best matches, 5c; oats, 10c per box;P. & G. soap, 6c; Ivory soap, 7c;Lenox soap, 4c; California LenoxCling Peaches, 30c; one pound extragood cocoa in quart Mason jar, 25c.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.oAT GJVE AWAY PRICESLibby's large size can- milkwhile it lasts, at 90c per dozen.(it) c. p. cook;, co.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21 1922 " Ti -4r V4 JjKREQUIESCATJN PAGEMilitary Honors Paid To JamesCain, World War Veteran InOld Home SundayIMPRESSIVE SERVICE HELDInwhothepresence ofhundredsof Thefilledthe ChurchAnnunciation tooverflowing onSunday afternoon, the impressive service for the dead wassaid over the body of James Cain, ofParis, who gave his life in the' causeof world freedom and ferief from op-Pression, in common with thousandsof other fine American bovs. Hundreds stood on the outside unable togain admission. The body, enclosedin a metalic casket, and draped witha large American flag, was bornethrough the ranks of Bourbon Post,. ,. T ....... ....ncan gion, into tne cnurcn,where the services were held.In his remarks Rev. Father Wm.O'Hare paid an eloquent tribute toJames Cain and the thousands ofAmerican youths who made the supreme sacrifice, and to those boyswho through patriotism offered theirlives freely for their country, butwho had been spared to become useful citizens again. He paid hightribute to James Cain, a soldier,a hero and a martyr, and in wordsof burning eloquence which sankdeep in the hearts and minds of hishearers spoke of the necessity ofpreserving unity of purpose amongmen to become useful citizens. Hecharacterized James Cain as a finetype of those American youths whoanswered their country's call without thought of self, imbued with thedesire to serve unselfishly. He spokefeelingly of the long months of waiting by the parents, for news of theirboy, after his letters had ceased tocome, and of the mother's death literally from a broken heart, augmented by the official announcement fromthe. War Department of her son'sdeath on the battle field. He deplored the bigotry and intolerance thatdenied glory to one and gave it un-stintingly to others, and said "therewas glory enough for all, irrespective of creed or other considerations."At the conclusion of the service,the body, borne by former comrades,Ed Woods, George Woods, BaldwinWoods, John Shinners, LawrenceLavin and Swift McGoldrick, wastaken to the Catholic Cemetery, anddeposited in its final resting place,after prayer for the dead recited byFather O'Hare, and singing by thechurch choir. As the body was lowered into the grave a firing squadfired three volleys and the buglerblew "taps" the soldier's farewell toa departed comrade.Jimmie Cain, as he was familiarly known, son of John P. and NellieWoods Cain, of Paris, was born inthis city August 13, 1894. When thesummons came to take up the causeof his country in the great worlrwar, he responded with a readinessthat testified his love of country andhis willingness to take up arms inher defense. He was one of the firstto go overseas, and was soon on thefiring line in France, serving gallantly, as told in letters from his superiors. The records of the War Department show that he lost his lifeon the 'battlefield in France on July26, 1917.I OMERCHANT TAILORING OPENINGTO-DAY AND WEDNESDAYPRICE & CO. WILL HAVE ANEXPERT TAILOR REPRESENTINGED. V. PRICE & CO., OF CHICAGO,WITH A LARGE LINE OF SPRINGWOOLENS HERE TO-DAY ANDWEDNESDAY. YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO INSPECT THISLINE OF WOOLENS.WINNER OF GUESSING CONTESTAT HINTON'SSeveral hundred coupons were received at the J. T. Hinton & Co.Storer from people who were desirous of winning the rocker displayed in fhpir show window, bv theguessing plan. Mrs. W. C. Potts, ofT.iiiPRtnn avenue, eruessed the correctweight of the chair, 23 pounds andtwo ounces. The guesses ranged ashigh as 50 pounds and 3 ounces.The rocker was delivered yesterdayby the Hinton Co. to Mrs. Potts.oAT SPRING VALLEY FARMS. Kenney Nichols, formerly ofParis, announces a filly foal by TeaCaddy from Hindu Dress by ibelhi,nronertv of Robert Gettv. at hisI Spring Valley Farm,. near Lexington;,BLUEGRASS LEAGUEAJBTAINTYGreat Enthusiasm Shown at The Recent Meeting Held InParisMOST OF DETAILS PERFECTEDRepresentatives of the CentralKentucky towns mostly interestedin reorganization of the Blue GrassLeague gathered at the court housein this city Thursday night, andperfected plans which practically assure the success of the League forthe 1922 season. Temporary officers were chosen and many important details were discussed having abearing on matters concerning thenew venture.The league will be composed ofLexington, Paris, Cynthiana, Mays-viile, Winchester and Mt.Frankfort and RichmondSterlingmay jointne league before a permanentor-ganization is effected.Capt. William Neal, general manager of the Louisville American Association team, was present at theinvitation of organizers of the leagueand was largely instrumental in thereorganization. It was through hisefforts that the league will have theprotection of the National Association of professional ball clubs.Mr.ieai, wired Jonn j Farrell, secretary of the Association, asking if theBluegrass league could become affiliated with the Association and Mr.Farrell answered that if Neal indorsed the league it would receive theprotection of that body. This is thefirst time a league playing only Satuiday and Sunday ball ever has received the protection of the NationalAssociation.Committees to draw up a constitution and by-laws and to draft aschedule were appointed and will report at the next meeting, which hasbeen called for February 28. At thattime the opening date which probably will be in April will be announced, and it will be decidedwhether to play only Saturday andSunday ball or to adopt a seven-day-a-weekschedule. The sentiment atmeefiifg seemed to favor the formerplan. The salary limit of each clubwas fixed at $600.Thomas Russell, of Maysville, former president of the BluegrassLeague, was elected temporary president, and Eugene Vreeland, of Winchester, was chosen temporary secretary.Sixty-five base ball enthusiasts ofCentral Kentucky attended the meeting and showed much interest in theproject to reorganize the league.Among those who were, present wereWoodson Moss, of Winchester;Claude Watkins, of Maysville; JesseMorton, former manager of the Lexington Reos and Mr. Spinney, ofCincinnati, who is president of theleague that bears his name.oCLOTHING NEEDED FOR NEEDYCHILDRENThe Bourbon County Health andWelfare League needs supplies ofclothing and shoes for children, especially for boys. Any article ofclothing you may have in your home, jthat will not be of material value to Jyou, would be appreciated. The demands upon the League's resourceshave been heavier this year than jever before. Many boys and girls jhave been unable to attend the public schools because they do not havejwar.m clothing.Any contribution sent to theoffice of the League, over Varden &Son's drug store, Main, Street, willbe thankfully received and gratefully acknowledged. "Inasmuch as ye'do it to one of these little ones, soye do it unto Me," were the wordsof the Master. Apply them to thisneed of the needy children of Paris.oCALDWELL CHOSEN CHAIRMAN.!At a meeting of the Bourbon:County Farm Bureau, held Saturday iafternoon, James M. Caldwell waschosen chairman to select a commit-Uee for formulating plans for in-creasing the membership and arousing greater interest in the work ofthe Bureau in Bourbon county.oWE HAVE THEM.At last there are plenty of genuineFord parts in Paris. Just received abig shipment. Now is the time torepair your Ford.WHITE FRONT GARAGE(17-tf)oTARPAULINSGenuine waterproof tarpaulins atbargain prices. We are overstockedon buggies if you want one, comein, we are seUing them way belowto-day's Talue ',s ' ,,ktflt), FARMERS SUPPLY CO,ROLLINGAlong with several other CentralKentucky towns, Paris is preparingto bid for the location -iiere of theNewport Rolling Mills, which havebeen a bone of contention betweenI the workmen, city officials, management and State troops for severalmonths.Secretary Harold Harris, of theParis Commercial Club, is conductinga correspondence with the management of the rolling mills, in an effort to open negotiations. Mr. Harris gave a full and complete exposition of the local advantages and accompanied his letter with data andstatistics showing Paris to be logically the most suitable location forthe enterprise. The rolling millsemploy several hundred men, manufacturing steel and iron products,and its location here would be of decided advantage to the business interests of Paris and the community.j BANKERTO CONTROL DF.Tvrn.CRATIC FINANCE ,Appointment of Harrison Nesbit,president of the Bank of Pittsburg'as chairman of the finance commitlI tee of the Democratic National Committee was announced by ChairmanCordell Hull, who said it was "thefirst move for a thorough financialorganization in the national mm-.mittee which Mr. Nesbit will headare to be announced soon."Mr. Nesbit belongs to theyounger and most nrnirrpssivo tvnoof bankers and business men." MrHull sairl. "TTo io fiPnQninii i 'for his energy and zeal, and the respect and confidence with whichthe public regard him is assurancethat the Democratic party will,through him, make a sneoial nnnp!to the business public which is looking tor a new era in the service ofthe country on the part of the Democratic party."A complete program for an activecampaign along progressive lines isbeing mapped out at national headquarters by Chairman Hull, withenlarged organization and activity.Y. M. C.vA. NOTESThe initial session of the volleyball "bunch" was a decided success,and the interest manifested assuresa continuation of this nonular trThe class will meet each Tuesday andxnursaay evening. A number ofpuspective volley ball starswerepresent at the first meeting.PARIS WILL BID FORMILLS?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe will Continue OurSALEFor 10 Days Longer in OurReady - to - Wear DepartmentSPECIALSOne Lot'SILK WAISTS each.One LotSILK WAISTS each.EARLY SHOWING OFFLAXONS GINGHAMSDOTTED SWISSES GAZE MARVELSAND RATINESFRANK &CCXLADIES' OUTFITTERS "VifcTOBACCO CHIEF. URGES SECRECYPresident Stone Silent on Subject ofTobacco Sales to The R. J.Reynolds CompanyREPORTED SALE 10,000,000 LBS.,There was considerable agitationamong tobacco men Saturday whenthe report Decamp .Q4- iL 1Z.1SetLTT tJ?e dosing of apT n.wI -"eynolds TobaccoCO., With the BnrlA-ir Aa;.the purchase of 10,000,000 pounds ofthe pool tobacco of the best gradePresident James S. Stone refused todeny or affirm the reported sale, giving out the following statement:"I find some anxiety on the part ofthe members of the association overiiut maKing public just what tobaccoshave been sold and what prices havebeen obtained for them. I want tostate clearly that any member of theassociation can get this informationat any time he desires it, but from abusiness point of view I feel confidentthat we can not get the best resultsby stating in detail to the public justwhat we are doing."Within the last few days we havegotten our field service departmentm operation, with Joseph Passonneau m charge of it, and one of themam duties in connection with thisdepartment is the issuing of a fourpage bulletin twice a month, to besent directlv to all thp -mprnKohe association to let them know just,what is being done.I "Wp hnvn hari .e iictve naa a rrpmpnrirmc ryganization to whip into line, and ithas been no small undertaking to getthis big machine working smoothly.We are receiving and grading tobacco now in 54 different locationsand in 94 receiving plants, and thtyare all running smoothly and to thesatisiaction o the growers over theentire territory."I want to say to every tobftcegrower, large or small, who is amember of this association, that hisinterest is being fully protected andthat the prices we are selling our tobacco for will prove entirely MtWfactory to them."Chief Passonneau of the field service division, reported 24 additionalcontracts signed by growers, representing about 44,000 pounds of tobacco. J. Leslie Knight, chief grader in Western No. 1 district, said thatwhile he was at Camp Taylor threefarmers signed contracts and at thesame time delivered their 1921 crops.He said that erowers were satisfiedthroughout his district. Mr. Knighthas just returned from a visit to thewarehouses of the district.ai$2.0(J....$3.75GoodsV-l "l;r?n -"-h: lKa ' .. t5iAVr".vv'. J&Z&r'-;j-P.4GE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY- 4TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2lT 12.THE BOURBON NEWS-Xftthliihed 188141 Years of Conv tinnous Publicationmblished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.' cf WEFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffie as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line-each issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and.similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political office's"must invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSThe oldest Odd Fellow is dead atthe age of ninety-two years. This isa fairly good testimonial for long--gevityas lodge members go, but wewill not commit ourselves to an endorsement until we know the secretorder to which Uncle Johnny Shellbelongs.'Since the scarcity of domesticJielp drove so many men into thefield of housework that had for centuries been monopolized by women agreat many labor-saving applianceslhave made their appearance, andmany more are said to be on 'the- way. We do not see how womenhave stood the eternal monotony somany years. It is not that house-- work is so all-fired hard, but it's sodarned regular.Those Paris girls who have wornCinderilla slippers all winter without suffering from the cold couldafford to go barefooted this summerand they'll do so if it happens tobe "the style."The birds are saying "Good-bye,winter," which makes us all feel likegoing fishin' and forgetting the winter, but when we look at the gas billand think about" the birds, too, itseems like somebody made a mistake.With blue law officials taking thesun out of Sunday and police, deputy sheriffs, constabulary and Federal agents taking the moon out ofthe other six days, about all the average citizen sees is the stars.The Paris man who asks a druggist to diagnose his case is a tightwad who regards the Paris physicians as superfluous middlemen, andhe is wrong in believing he can get apint of the sure cure without theregular prescription.In the days of old it was considered necessary to have chaperons atdances, in Paris as well as elsewhere.Since modern reforms have been inaugurated it seems necessary to haveprohibition enforcement officers atthese functions in the future.rAfter reading details of movieland's latest scandal a friend of oursexclaimed, in a disgusted tone:"They've lired the wrong Bill!"And when we asked him to explain,he said: "They've employed BillHays, but the man they really needIs Bill Sunday."Said a man who had comeDown from MarsAs he stood on a corner,"My Stars,Took me two million yearsTo travel down hereAnd yet I must waitOn the cars."RECOUNT AT MAYSVILLE GIVESJANUARY OFFICEA. M. January, Republican candidate for County Clerk of Masoncounty, was conceded the election,by a majority of three votes, following recount of the ballots cast intwelve out of thirteen precincts, inCircuit Court, at Maysville. J. J.Owens, Democratic aspirant, contested January's election on the face ofreturns showing a majority of one.'Those who dance should pay theSddler; and those who sit off in aonrer and holds hands should chip-, &o, r, - Ii'SITCCESS OF BTOLEY ASSOCIATION IS ASSUREDThe large sales of tobacco by theBurley Society both to the big man-j ufacturing companies and to the Independents, at good prices, make surethe success of the Burley TobaccoSociety.From what we can gather, nearly50,000,000 pounds of tobacco, ormore than a third of the crop, hasalready been sold and the averageprice is not below twenty-five cents.This is more than double what thecrop averaged last year. Of course,there is a very small crop and theprices would have naturally been better than they were last season, butthe Burley pool materially added towhat the prices would have been ifthere had been no co-operative marketing and the buyers fixing the priceentirely by themselves.Those on the outside of the poolhave been able also to get a goodprice this year, but if our information is correct they have not done aswell as those on the inside of thepool.Next year they will be left out inthe cold entirely, as the Burley Society will have its tobacco on themarket as early as those on the outside. We ftisist that every growershould join the organization for thenext year's crop and we believe thatmost of them will. The Burley Society is a sure go and a brilliant success from the start, and the knockerson it now will be few and far between. THE INFLUENZA PERILInfluenza which in 1918 swept overthe country with the most terribleharvest of death ever caused by contagion in this country, is now prevaknt in New York City. It would seemto have spread through communication from Great Britain and France,where it got started some -weeks ago.Previous experience should convince the rmblic that this diseasespreads quickly into all parts of thecountry. People everywhere mustbe on their guard against it. Thosewho have common colds should nursethem. Many persons spread the infection by going about their businesswhen they should be at home in bed,and under a doctor's care.If people are heedless with thisperil, there may be another greatswath of death. But if they will takeprecautions, they have sufficient advance notice so that the more fatalinfection can be checked before itmakes serious ravages.ASSOCIATION SELLS BIG LOT OPOP TOBACCOAdditional sales of tobacco totaling several million pounds, one offive hundred thousand pounds, whichwas purchased by a local representative of one of the manufacturerswere announced by President andGeneral Manager James C. Stone, ofthe Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation.President Stone declined to givethe names of purchasers or the priceI realized for the tobacco, but said theprice was satisfactory from thestandpoint of the growers.President Stone declared himselfoptimistic as to the tobacco situation generally, declaring that thepresent feeling of contentment amongthe organized growers would be increased when their final return fromthe sale of the crops are received."CORNSLift Off with FingersDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny; bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or, irritation. (adv-T)oUSERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintlessTHE BOURBON NEWS,JOB DEPARTMENT.oMany Bug Varieties.We have in the United States along list of insects we usually designate as beetles. There are som6 15,000 different kinds pf them, and theyrange in size all the way from "littleones thut ft almost requires the useiof a microscope to see, to such giantsas the Spotted Horn beetle. American Forestry Magazine.oIt is a fine thing to be able tomake an excuse, "but it is a muchfiner thing not to have to make it.A j JfWmufj ill);R. R. MAN LOSTFORTY POUNDSIN J1X WEEKSWas Going Down Hill So Fast HeBecame Alarmed Over His Condition Tanlac Quickly Ended theTrouble and Put, Him Back on HisFeet."I fell off forty pounds in sixweeks' time and was very muchalarmed about my condition. I amfeeling fine now though and haveregained fifteen pounds of my lostweight," said James H. Johnson,1725 Crip Street, Louisville, Ky.,well-known railroad man, in relatinghis experience with Tanlac:"I was very much worried, as Ihad tried practically everything Iever heard of, but kept gettingworse right along. I was just aboutready to give up in despair when Istarted taking Tanlac on the adviceof a fellow railroad man."That medicine was, just what Ineeded, and I'm convinced that whenit comes to building a man up andmaking him feel strong and vigorous Tanlac hasn't an equal."Tanlac is sold in Paris byv Roche'sDrug Store and all leading druggists.(adv)BURLEY ASSOCIATION RECEIPTSARE NOT NEGOTIABLEChief of the Field Service DivisionJoseph Passoneau, of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association states that the participation receipts or certificates of the BurleyAssociation are not negotiable andthat speculators who attempt to purchase them may lose their investments. Colonel Passoneau said furtherthat in case the growers really needed money and were compelled to borrow it, they could obtain it fromtheir bankers, with whom arrangements have been made for the growers to get money on their certificates.Colonel Passonneau said:"Inquiries have come to the Association regarding the negotiabilityof participation receipts held bymembers of the Association. Theyare not negotiable. The Associationcould not legally accept or recognizeendorsements of these receipts. Persons purchasing them probably willlose their investments."Arrangements have been madewith the bankers of the Burley district, however, whereby loans maybe obtained by members from theirlocal banks ontheir participation receipts. Members will probably realize from the Association on their tobacco at least three tjmes as much asthe amount of their first advances.Bankers realize this, and are, therefore willing to loan their customersa certain amount, taking their participation receipts in the final returnsfrom the sale of their tobacco, assurety."The manner in which the banksof the tobacco district are supporting the Association and its membership certainly demonstrates the greatinterest which the bankers have inthe tobacco industry and their splendid understanding of the extent towhich the economic prosperity ofKentucky depends upon the successof the tobacco grower. Every farmer in Kentucky should be proud ofthe bankers of the State"Members of the Associationshould not hypothecate their participation receipts, if they can possiblyavoid doing so. If they are forcedto borrow money on these receiptsfrom their bankers, they should bevery conservative in the amountwhich they request. But if they really have to have money, they shouldgo to their local banks and consultthem about it."Inhaling the fumes of turpentineand white lead often weakens thekidneys. That's one reason why somany painters have bad backs andsick kidneys. Exposure, frequentcolds and chills and the strain ofclimbing up and down ladders helpstart the trouble.If your back aches, if sharp painsstrike you in the back when stooping, lifting or working; if , you havedeadaches, dizziness, rheumaticpains; if the urine is discolored orpassages painful and scanty, tryDoan's Kidney Pills, the remedy sowidely used and so well recommendred by men in the painting trade.Here's a Paris testimony:Ed. Richardson, painter and decorator, 552 Vine street, says.: "Iam a painter by trade and handlingso much turpentine and inhaling itsfumes is what I blame for the causeof the trouble. Many a night I wasannoyed by the frequent action ofmy kidneys and would have to getup many times to pass the secretionsand this greatly disturbed my rest.I had dizzy spells and felt sick allover until I got Doan's Kidney Pillsat Oberdorfer's Drug Store. I usedseveral boxes as directed and-Jheyfixed me up in good shape."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Richardson Thad. 'Foster MillnirnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. y. (adv) "WATCflYOURKIDNEYSFEET'S HAVE KENTITCtY B0AEDOF CENSORSThe bill recently introduced in theKentucky Legislature providing fora board of moving picture censors isa move in the right direction. Kentucky people have had to look onsome of the immoral or suggestivepictures that other States with censors would not tolerate. Withoutcensors the good and the bad are somixed that it is not possible to enjoy the privilege of seeing good pictures without funning the risk ofhaving the children see picturesthey ought not to see.The movies are morals of the coming generation to an extent not generally realized. The great movingpicture industry is improving inquality of pictures shown, but itneeds further purging, and thewholesome effect which the censorship would give.If the proposed bill should fail,then Kentucky towns should adoptordinances making it illegal to showpictures not passed by the OhioBoard of Censors or the NationalBoard of Review. The real friends ofthe movie industry are those who enjoy good pictures and would insurethe future of the industry by eliminating pictures objectionable onmoral grounds.BOURBON CATTLE IN CHICAGOLIVESTOCK SHOWThe annual Shorthorn congressshow and sale will be held in Chicago, February 21 and 22, Goff &Rice, of Paris, and W. J. and B. A.Thomas, of Shelbyville, are theKentucky breeders who are makingconsignments to this show and sale.iruu oc xvice cue selling nve yeaningiieiicit, luui uj. wmuu me aireu uy;the estate of J H. Brooks, deceased,ineir nera duii, .uioerty stamp, mexiiuuicts uuiisigmimui cuiisibis uithree head of yearlings by Imp.Harviestoun Grandee. This bull sired the grand champion female at thelast International and his get havebeen prominent yprize winners wherever shown. Two hundred and twenty-fivehead of registered Shorthorncattle will be sold during this saleand they are drawn from the bestherds of America.EARM LOAN BONDSThe twelve Federal land banks ofthe country have just offered $75,000,000 of 5 per cent. Federal farmloan bonds at the price of 103 3-8and accrued interest, at which pricethey will yield approximately 4.70per cent, to callable date and 5 percent, hereafter.Secretary of the Treasury Mellonsaid: "This is the largest offeringof farm loan bonds ever made, butin view of the generally favorabletrend of the investment market andthe continued strong showing of theFederal loan banks, it is believedthat it will be readily absorbed, andas the funds will go direct to thefarmers of the country it should domuch to improve the agriculturalsituation."WANTEDMan with car to sell low pricedGraham Tires. $130.00 per weekand commissions.GRAHAM TIRE CO.,1427 Boulevard, Benton Harbor,Mich.Appropriate Selection.Having just finished his sermon on"Gossip and Slander," & minister inthe suburbs announced the hymn, "ILove to Tell the Story." Boston Transcript. People for Whom the Bestis None Too GoodAre always the most enthusiasticconcering the excellence of ourDry Cleaning andDyeingWe have one of the most efficientRemodeling Departmentsin the country. , Furs transformedinto the mode very quickly. Men'sand women's garments altered inany war desired.We dye fur skins and remodel themin any way.We tailor make men's or ladies,suits, $50.00 tin. Latest styles. Wepay $2.50 railroad fare on everycustom-made suit ordered froni" us.Send goods parcel post. We haveno agents.THE TEASDALE CO.625-627 Walnut StreetCincinnati, Ohio,(till Marl-T)Income TaxRETURNSOFIndividualsPartnershipsCorporationsPrepared ByM . W. IVI A IN NRoom 203n First National Bank Bid.PARIS, KY.,(24jan-tf-T) "-'as pw iSafety Fjjrlt in China.The stop., lookknd listen signs alongthe Chinese jrjffjrpads usually 'consistof pictures showing the dangers oftrespassing on the tracks. Inscriptionssometimes accompany the pictures,butane inscriptions can be read bycomparatively few persons; the pictures can be understood by alLTOBACCO SEEDSelected long leaf Kelly TobaccoSeed, from fancy crop, making over2,000 pounds to. acre, $1.00 anounce.MISS IDA THOMAS,Care Douglas Thomas,Cum. Phone 360. Paris. Ky.(7-lmo)AUCTIONEERLet mebe your auctioneer forsales of any kind. I have had fouryears' experience as auctioneer, andI will try my very best to give you . Administrator, for adjustment anda good deal. My rates will be satis- payment. All such claims not prefactory. Give me a trial. At Ford-. RfiT1tfid within the legal time will beham,, Hotel after February 12.BRYAN WILLIAMS.(jan31-tf)Administrator'sNOTICEAu persons having claims againstare hereby notined to present sameproperly proven by law, to underundersigned administrator of suchand payment. All such claims notpresented within the legal time, willbe barred. All persons knowingthemselves in debt to the estate ofthe said J. H. Brooks, deceased, arehereby notified to call and make fulland complete settlement with theundersigned admanistrator of suchindebtedness.SARAH E. BROOKS,Administrator of J. H. Brooks.(17-3wks,PUBLIC SALE-OF-ST0CK, IMPLEMENTS, CROP, ETC.Having decided to dissolve partnership, we will sell at public auc-jtion, at tne (JiarK piace, tKnown asthe Champ farm), 'on the Paris andMillersburg pike, four miles midwaybetween each town, onTUESDAY, FEB. 28, 1922,beginning at 10 o'clock, -the following live stock, farming implements,crop, etc., as follows:1 team of extra good work mares,in foal to jack;1 aged work and driving mare;1 three-year-old Shetland pony, agood one;4 No. 1 Jersey cows;1 red cow, extra good milker;23 good grade ewes, due to lambMarch 10;1 Southdown buck;1 brood sow, due to farrow inApril;1 two-horse wagon with combinedbed, good as new;1 McCormick mowing machine;1 McCormick hay rake;1 new Brinley cultivator;1 disc harrow;1 sixty-tooth smoothing harrow;2 breaking plows;2 tobacco cultivators;1 corn drill; ,1 rubber tired buggy;1 Ford touring car;&-sets buggy harness;2 sets work harness;1 pony saddle and bridle;3 dozen pure bred Plymouth RockChickens;1 Sharpless cream separator;1 lard press;1 iron kettle;1 fifty-gallon oil tank;About four tons of goo'd mixedhay;About twenty barrels of pickedcorn ;Double trees, single trees, pitchforks and many other articles unsu-hally found on the farm, too numerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.CLARK & ECKLA2,Cumb. Phone 85," Millersbnrg, Ky.BRYAN WILLIAMS, Auctioneer.(17-3t)PUBLIC SALEWEDNESDAY, FEB. 22, AT 2:00 P. M-We are authorized to sell for, the owner, Mrs. Ruby Mansfield, herfarm of 11 acres and improvements located about 3 miles from Paris,on the Ruddles Mills pike.Improvements consist of a 3-room house, 2 porches, a 5-acre tobaccobarn, and a double corn crib, all practically new.Do not overlook this opportunity, as it will be a positive saleTerms easy and 'made known on day of sale.For information, apply to ' -HAJLEIS, SPEAXES A HAMIS,, Corner; Sixth and Main Streets,(17-U), -.,"-.' - orMisraioawiiiEDr ' :TOBACCO SEEDYGenuine Judy's Pride TobaccoSeed for sale, $1.25 per ounce. Seethe undersigned at the tobacco warehouses. (3feb-tf) S. K. NICHOLS.We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.A large line of heating stoves nowon display. Get our prices beforeyou buy.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Street3.(augl5-tf)NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Charles B. Butler, Sr.,deceased, are herebynotified to present same, properly proven, as re-j d bv law t0 the undersignedbarred.All persons knowing themeselvesindebted to the estate of the saidCharles E. Butler, Sr.. deceased, arehereby notified to call and make fulland complete settlement of such indebtedness with the undersignedAdministrator.FRANCES V. BUTLER,Administrator of Chas. E. Butler, Sr.(17-3wks)Income TaxReturnsIndividuals and partnerships,I Can prepare a limited number.1 Office at Bourbon News, 320Main Street.J. R. HOWE.TK5ETFor Spring Planting!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsSti-awberriesGrape VinesPerennialsEvergreensHedgingEtc.Seed PotatoesEverything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden. A largeillustrated catalog and guidesent on request.H.F. Hillenmeyer &SonsA Nursery Word in KentuckyLexington, Kentucky(tilll5apr)8PARIS, KYBegan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSPrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. I. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. VJi. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkea, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper.. .JUNE 30, 1921ADMINISTRATOR'STREESAIRAySt ( 4j'tfirnH ?T7-, t-vc,fMt-urMTX'-,gK VTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1122(jan3-13-T)A PBEQTJENT CAUSE OP FIRESOverheated cook stoves and furnaces cause many fires at this timeof the year. This peril is creatednot merely by efforts to force a firefor heating purposes on a cold day,but even more by carelessness withdrafts. Many people will open wideall drafts and dampers of a stove orheater, and then forget all vabout itand leave the house or go tombed.If a chimney has 'a good draft, atremendously strong air current isgweping through that stove of heat,and a smoke pipe may become redhot. If any wood touches the same,it is likely to catch fire. If peopleare in the house and awake theyusually smell an overheated condition, and take care of it. But ifthey have 16ft the place, or havegone to sleep, the situation is a perilous onetANGLER REPLIESTO FISH AktlCLEBourbon County Sportsman AnWersAnglers' Objections To Closed .Pish SeasonTHE- -K. 5T -wnfBOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCK!PERSONALSSCIENTIFIC EAQTS. STATEDBONUS BILL IN THE HOUSEThe House of Representatives ap-'pears eager to pass the soldiers'bonus bill, but no end of difficulty;s being experienced in devisingways and means to meet the payments it provides for. The bill, asit stands, is loaded with plans forlevying money, that are of the mostunpopular sort. It is freely statedin Washington that the House billwill be so obnoxious when it gets tothe Senate that the latter body willbe obliged to kill it, "on generalprinciples." Supporters of the measure, before the House, appear tofallen down lamentably in popularizing the money-raising provisions ofthe bill.EHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium. "'Moderate Rates. Write for literalture.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.PETITION IN BANKBUPTCYThrough his attorney, JudgeDenis Dundon, of Paris, James Trabue, Bourbon county farmer, filed apetition in voluntary bankruptcy,showing liabilities of $11,000, andassets, approximately $8,000. Mr.Trabue, who recently returned toBourbon county from Arkansas,where tie "resided several years, ownsa farm of eighty acres near RuddlesMills.HELP WANTEDYoung men, women, over 17, desiring government positions, $130monthly, write for free list of positions now open. J. Leonard, (former Civil Service examiner), 935Equitable Building, Washington,D. C. (adv)1922AUTO LICENSESOVER MILLIONBEINGAutomobile license collected bythe county clerks of the State fromDecember 2, 1921, to January 28,1922, on 1922 licenses and reportedto the State tax commission amountto 1,331,097.10. The total automobile license collections for the entireyear of 1921 amounted to $1,821,844.04, or approximately $500,000more than have been' collected bythe clerks on the 1922 licenses.Many a man has set out to gatherthe fruits of victory, only to findthem knotty and worm eaten.Still AnotherSPECIAL!VAN ALLMAN'S8-oz. 20c Purs Fruit A OlnJelly IZ2C9-oz. 15c Pure Apple 1 fl nButter lUL16-oz. 30c Pure Apple QUaButter :....ZUCLogan HowardBoth Pfeones 179'Tht Home of Good' Thiolto Eat" JAs a memher of the CBourbonCounty Fish and Game Club and being firmly convinced that the fish inour streams should be protected during the "spawning" season I cannotbut disapprove the article that appeared in a recent issue of your paper. The so-called sportsman whoobjects to the measure to protectfish during the hatching season evidently is ignorant of the true habitsof fish, or has been grossly misinformed. Under favorable weather conditions fishing is -good in our streamsearly in the spring, and until thefish begin to pair off for the spawning and hatching out of their young,during which time they seldom takea bait as food. However, prior tothe- spawning season, although heavily laden with undeposited eggs,they will bite rather freely. Therefore, every such fish taken from thestreams means a total loss of fromone thousand to twenty thousand"little fellers," a goodly proportionof which might have some daygrown into sturdy tail-kickers forthe sport of the fisherman, and,moreover, food for the table.It is deplorable, yet true, thatsome of our most distinguished "fishhogs" during the past season withhook and line, and with no apparant sense of shame did wilfully andskillfully and by unsportsmanlike,unfair, and deceiptful methods takefrom our streams a great number ofbass that with their God-given instinct, were carefully guarding theiryoung, j'With the bass, as with all otherspecies of the finny tribe, the careof eggs and fostering of the youngdevolves upon the male parent whowatches over the eggs until hatchedand protects the young fry until theyleave the nest.Due to the "cannibalistic" character of the bass, only a small proportion of the fry attain maturity.It is not logical, therefore, to conclude that the greater the numberpermitted to hatch out the greaternumber reach a fishing size.In section two referring to taking the pleasure away from the"poor" and benefitting the "rich,"that is the same old story I haveheard since childhood. Perhaps itwould be well if the so-called"sportsman" would stop to think ofhow few of the "richer" classes actually nsn tnese streams to any extent. Section two sounds a little too"Russian" for the Kentucky sportsman. This measure is not intended tobenefit any particular -class of people, but is for the benefit and pleasure of all the people regardless ofclass, whether rich or poor. Ourstreams are open to all, absolutelywithout restriction, and if a law isenacted that will protect poor oldmother fish from the unscrupulous"fish-hog," our streams in a littlewhile will furnish an abundance ofsport for an angler as well as abountiful supply of food for the table. Section three states "you will find9 against to 1 for this measure."This is erroneous, for at the lastouting of the Bourbon Tish andGame Club held at Xalapa Farmwith over .three hundred memberspresent, it was voted unanimously to encourage a law to protectthe fish during pawning season.Section four states "such a lawwould be of no benefit on accountof the rise and fall of our streams."Such an argument will not holdgood. I will say, however, that tosome extent, at least, the loweringof the water level by the mill raceduring the spawning season destroysquite a number of nests, yet not nearso many as were destroyed bythe "fish-hog."Section five attempts to leave theimpression that nine hundred andninety-nine out of every thousandfish hatched do not ,stay in thestream of their birth. This statement is erroneous. Scientific datafurnishes an abundance of proof thatfish habit certain selected districtswhich to them is home. They leaveit only in search of food, or to giveway to increasing numbers.Section six is most absurd whenit states that -"if this measure becomes a law and fishing prohibitedfrom April 20 th to June 1st thestreams would become overstocked."It moreover contradicts section fiveand is inconsistent to the extreme.Even granting the streams wpuldbecome overstocked, if such is jpossible, is not this just what is needed?A careful survey of conditions showsour streams are almost bare of thebass and other game fishes, yet thesesame streams are capable under faforable conditions of containing several million more fish. Just think ofit fish by the million enough foreveryone. Yes, even for the "fishhog," who by his insidious articlewould have you believe he is asportsman.The States of California, Maine,Michigan Minnesota, New York,Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin. Wy-Mrs. Minnie Thompson, '- ofMaysville, is a guest of Mrs. GarrettJefferson.Miss Hilda Threlkeld, guest ofMr. and Mrs. Ed. F. Prichard, hasreturned to her home in Maysville.Miss Eileeen Sun has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to her cousin, Miss Jessie MaeFee, on Fifth street.Mrs. Sallie Yates has returnedto her home in Richmond after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. JBrownleeYates, at their home on South Mainstreet.Mrs. L. H.. Humble and baby, ofSunbright, Tenn., are guests at thehome of the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Drake Thompson, on Duncan avenue. x-Miss Elizabeth Burns, studentat Hamilton College, and ClarkWalls, attending Kentucky University, spent the week-end with theirparents, near Paris. "Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, formerly of Paris, who underwent anoperation at St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, recently, is now gettingalong quite favorahly.Mrs. Crittenden Young and son,Preston Young, and Miss Ruth Richards, of Owingsville, are guests atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Harry O.James, on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. William KenneyFerguson, having sold their home inParis, will move about March firstto Georgetown, where they will haveapartments in the New ' LancasterHotel.Mrs. W. L. Peters, of Owingsville, wha has been ill for sometime at the home of her daughter,Mrs. H. O. James, on Pleasantstreet, is improving. Mr. James isalso recovering from an illness ofseveral weeks' duration".Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris City Schools,has returned from Louisville, wherehe attended a meeting of the directtors of the Kentucky EducationalAssociation. At this meeting a program was prepared for the annualmeeting of the association, to be heldin Louisville during the week ofApril 11.At the meeting of Jemima Johnson Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution, to be held this afternoon, at the home of the regent,Mrs. C. M. Clay, near Paris, the following "Patriotic Program" will berendered: "Washington, the Patriot," Mrs. John A. Bower; "Washington, the Statesman," Mrs. Fan-niebelle Sutherland; "Washington,the Country Gentleman," Mrs. Wm.G. Talbott; A story, "The Surrenderof Cornwallis," by Thomas NelsonPage, Miss Reba Lockhart; Song,"America," the Beautiful," Mrs.Edward F. Prichard. Visitors fromchapters in adjoining towns will bepresent.(Other Personals on Page 5)FARMERS MUST NOT "GO " IT- ALONE?'Farmers in Bourbon County, aselsewhere, are slowly coming to seethat not every one of them can go italone, and that what they need morethan anything else, more than newlegislation, or easier and cheaperbank loans, is the same spirit of mutual co-operation that makes their socalled oppressors, the middlemen, sopowerful. And another thing' thatfarmers are beginning to see a littlemore clearly than they have in thepast is that they must stand by eachother, even when it is temporarily unprofitable. Though they have note'verywhere begun to use it effectively, farmers are beginning to see thatthey really have the whip hand. Thefarmers of sterile little Denmarkhave made themselves famous andrich with their butter and cheese andeggs and pork products, which bringthe very top prices throughout theworld, simply by pulling all togetherand staying with it. The Co-operativeAssociations that have done so muchfor the Pacific coast and for Floridaare being copied more and more allthe time.(BUSINESS ONUPWARD TRENDCleveland Financial Paper Gives Review of Business ConditionsShowing Progress.J1AN INTERESTING REVIEWEAST AND WEST CLASH IN RACING DATESBusintss has laid aside its finer raiment and is now wearing its plain,everyday working clothes, which aremore serviceable and just about ascomfortable.- .Quite frequently in the past wehave stated that business is graduallyregaining its health, and that improvement is steady, though slow. Inreiterating the assertion, we acknowledge that it is still necessary,however, that a measuring stick withsome pretty fine marks is required todetermine the improvement in somedirections.The road over which business hadto travel in 1921 was not a smoothone. Many of the difficulties havebeen carried over into the presentyear, but recently industry is showing a tendency to cease brooding overthe past and is finding more couragein considering the present and thefuture with the purpose of movingahead. The outlook for 1922 is oneof hopefulness for a slow but genuine recovery until the place is reached that we all like to call normal.The eye of the alert public is discovering those industries that havebeen adjusted to meet present conditions, and, as this same kind offeeling is developed in respect to allbusiness, the time of the readjustment period will be shortened.Foreign trade as a safety valve forproduction is absolutely essential forfuture prosperity, and without minimizing the importance of foreigntrade as affecting the industrial .andfinancial well-being in this country,there are plenty of opportunities forbusiness and finance in caring for theneeds of the 110,000,000 people inthis country. Instead, therefore, ofassuming that the development heremust wait for developments elswhere,business men are finding a response,however feeble, to their efforts toward reviving domestic trade.World business is closely competitive, and to engage in it will requirebusiness organizations keyed to compete. Business men intending to engagein foreign trade find in their effortsto stimulate domestic trade thatthey are in reality fitting their organizations to handle foreign trade intheir respective lines.There is no particular activity reported in the Burley Tobacco district. Sales of tobacco, which havenot been signed up by the Growers'Co-operative Association, and whichstarted about a month ago, have continued. Tnree houses are holdingsales in Lexington and sales are being held at four or five other pointsin the Burley district.The prires have averaged materially higher than 1920 sales. The Association has just been incorporated under a new co-operative law which wasrushed through the Legislature, andexpects to open up the selling seasonin a short time. A system of gradinghas been decided upon and gradershave been selected. Arnangementshave been made to take over the looseleaf warehouses for use during thesales. The growers are very anxiousfor the sales to begin as they havebeen accustomed to start selling considerably earlier in the season.As tobacco is the most importantcash crop of Kentucky, the agricultural prosperity of the state is measurer by the price it brings It is estimated that the present price is abouttwice the average price of the periodimmediately preceding the war andthat tobacco is one of the' best paying crops grown in the country thisyear.DANDERINEColonel Matt J. Winn general manager of the Kentucky Jockey Club,has been in the east conferring withrepresentatives of the MarylandJockey club owners of the Pimlicotrack, for the purpose of averting aclash in the running of the two richest events for three-year-old thorobreds in the country, the KentuckyDerby and the NPreakness Stakes. Itappears that the Pimlico meeting isscheduled to close on May 13 andthat it has been the custom to runthe Preakness on the closing afternoon. If the rule of running thatclassic on the last day is followedthe Preakness and the Derby will conflict, as May 13 is the date set forKentucky's big turf event. Horsemen are supporting Colonel Winn ineffort to avert the clash.Massachusetts, Illinois, Washington,Connecticut, Idaho, Arizona, SouthDakota, Virginia and Utah haveclosed seasons on angling as a conservative measure. The best fishinggrounds in America to-day are foundwithin these States. Is this not sufficient proof Ihat a closed season during the spawning season is necessary in order to save our streamsfrom becoming bare of fish?Similar laws in Kentucky wouldmake men good-natured. The "fishhog" even would wear 'a smile andbe forgiven. Yes, all of us would bebetter prepared to appreciate andenjoy .the wonderful nature our Cre-Stops Hair Coming Out;Thickens, Beautifies.x I35-cents buys a bottle-of "Danderine" at any drugstore. After oneapplication you can not find a particle of dandruff or a falling hair.Besides, y every hair shows new life,vigor, brightness, more color andabundance. (T-tf ) '- , - v. . . A PAGBTMUMCapital... .Z $15t,M.MSurplus and Profits ! 122,5tt.MStockholders' Liability ISf.M f.fProtection to Depositors $422,5t .Established 1851Peoples Deposit BankC& Trust Co.Paris, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, PresidentGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres.ROBT. METEER. Vice.Pres.C. K. THOMA&, Vice-Pres.-CashierGEO. L. DOYLE.Assiseant CashierTHE TTNUVCERSAL CAR! Down They Go Againj-ruw.est prices I. o. D. iJetroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922Chassis $285Runabout 319Touring Car 348Truck Chassis 430Couoe ' .. cfioI Sedan file(F. O. B.DETROIT)RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Faints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. . This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job. for you.We AreEquipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced Priceste Us Have Your' Spring Workator . nrovided for us inth.v;itoming,yMotaa, 'Oregon; 'Colorado, out-d&ori. W. C. G.ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the, best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan. buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.It is a wonder that the. Japanese IauMtionhaM't been wttled "lonrjx . r . V... a i A.V.'ngo. 'iney naTenc any tow ju uucountry.KANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber, Co.Cumberland Phont 1087 Homt Phono 399fcSwn-Bourbon Egg MashThe Cheapest and Best Egg Producer' You Can BuySOLD BYaz'ffA-ALSL L KAliCOLLIER:kTRADE AT HOMENs,"Swr-"K-fX-FACE FOURTHE BOURBON :. &EW& , .PARIfe-KENTUgKYTUESDAY, TEBRUART 21, 1S1X:V-Trm ti wm , -iJi . 'i'll.ii XJUbW JLHUiJfcUmAAJI UAJL3 KfiftUHPAHSDEALSIn order that the people of Parismight get a glimpse of the new steelcars which are to be placed in usesoon on the inter urban lines of theKentucky Traction and TerminalCo., one of the cars has been running for the past two days on theParis and Lexington line.The new cars represent a radicaldeparture from the old heavy type ofcars which the company will soon discard. They are built of steel (andwood throughout. The interior reminds one of a Fullman, due to themahogany finish, white ceiing andgreen colored plush seats. All obstructions have been removed fromthe interior. The seats have deepspring cushions, with spring edgesand backs, with arm and foot restsfor passengers. The step is onlyabout a foot from the ground, a mostdesirable feature. The cars arepainted a deep orange, making a mosteffective finish.Three of these cars have been placed in use on the Georgetown-Nich-olasvilleline, one on the Paris-Lexingtonline. Others will be placed onthe Paris line as soon as they arereceived. Local Agent George M.Davis states it requires five of thesecars to do service for the Paris-Lexingtonline.Each car will carry comfortablyforty-five passengers. The jolting sofamiliar to users of the old type ofcars is entirely done away with bythe spring suspension of the trucksand twenty-one inch wheel base,making 1-he cars ride as easy as aPullman.SHEEP, CATTLEAND MULESATPUBLIC SALE!ONIVednesday, March 1stAt 10:30 a. m.At The Shipping Pens In Paris, Ky.I will sell to the highest bidderthe following live stock:Two hundred head good KentuckyMountain Ewes that are just beginning to lamb. These ewes are allyoung and were just from the mountains last fall. Will sell them inlots of fifty head each.One registered Short Horn Cow;Seven head heifers, weight 400 to600 pounds;Eleven head steers, weight 400 to850 pounds.Ten head extra good work mules,all mares, and 5 to 8 years old.TERMS Good note, six monthstime, with interest at 6 per cent, orpurchaser may pay cash at his option. W. A. THOMASON.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.PAL ESTATEHarris, Speakes & Harris, Parisrealtors, sold at public sale Fridaythe frame cottage of Mrs. L. E.Owen, in Thornton Division, to JamesH. Moreland, for $2,275. ' Mr. andMrsv Owen will move to Covington toreside.A deed conveying approximately227 acres of land located along theRussell Cave pike several miles fromLexington was filed in the office ofthe Fayette County Clerk, Friday byJ. D. Florence and others to theFarmers and Traders Bank of ParisPrice for the land was approvimately$35,000, as the land is deeded to thebank in exchange for the "assumptionon the part of the bank of $35,000in promisory notes held against theproperty of Orie Lebus, of Harrisoncounty.Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine sold lastweek to her brother, Ossian Edwards, her frame bungalow locatedat the southeast corner of Fifteenthand High streets, adjoining the residence of Harry Stamler, for a private price. Possession will be givenin April, when Mr. and Mrs. Edwards will occupy the property.The public sale of the large farmbelonging to the estate of the lateMiss Sallie Rogers, as advertised inTHE NEWS, was held Saturday,conducted by Auctioneer George D.Speakes, of Harris, Speakes & Harris, Paris realtors. There was alarge crowd in attendance, and thebidding was liyely. Dr. Lot R. Henry, of North Middletown, purchasedone tract of 101.99 acres for $120.10an acre, and Warren Rogers purchased the second tract, containingj 143.19" acres, for $175" an acre. JohnJ. Redmon purchased four shares ofNorth Middletown Deposit Bankstock for $211 per acre, and fourshares of the same institution's stocksold to Frank Rogers for $213 ashare. Editor Warren E. Fisherbought fifty shares of stock of theCarlisle Mercury, of which he is editor and publisher, also purchasingeight shares of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse stock for $640.Harris, Speakes & Harris sold atpublic auction Saturdays frame cottage, located on Cypress street, belonging to heirs of the late Mrs. E.Hutsell, F. C. McClanahan being thevpurchaser at $1,395. Mr. McClanahan will get immediate possession.Harris, Speakes & Harris sold yesterday for Ben H. Plummer, of Covington a tract of five acres located onthe Clintonville pike, near Paris, toJesse Bannister, of Paris the consideration being $3,500. They also soldfor Mr. Bannister his house and lot,located on Brent street, in Paris, Mr.Plummer being the purchaser at $2,500. Harris, Speakes & Harris sold forI Joe Reffett and Will Morrison theirfarm of 62 acres, with improvementsthereon, located near Jacksonville, toAllen Smith, for $7,572 cash in handwhen deed is made and delivered.Possession will be given on or beforeMarch 1. . i , ,tmi vr t i.U "" if A''BASKET BALL NOTES-T.KX'-vt A43? ' fv3bJl-'2-t"vvwPBKT"iTBWS OF TEE C0U1TSAll remaining games at home inthe Paris High 'School basket ballteams schedule will be, played on thefloor of the Y. M. C. A. gymnasiumin Paris. This is the schedule forthe first team only. Games maylater be arranged for the Midgetsand the Second team. The scheduleis as follows:February 24 Covington at Covington; February 25 Dayton atDayton; March 10 Maysville atMaysville; March 17 Cynthiana atParis; March 24 Cynthiana atCynthiana; March 25 LexingtonModel High School at Paris.In a fast and interesting gameplayed at the Y. M. C. A. Friday theParis High School split a doubleheader basket ball game. The boyswere unsuccessful against the strongSomerset five and received the smaller end of a 17-12 score. Tucker,Wright and Meglone featured asstars for the local boys, while Sniderdid best work for the visitors. Theteams lined up as follows:Paris High Somerset HighTucker F MurphyRose F WoddleMeglone C SniderClark G. . '. . .. .RossWright G. . ..RichardsonSubstitutes Paris, Jones forClark, Clark for Jones. Somerset,Saleasenger for Murphy, Murphy forSleasenger. Referee, Marshal Adams.The girls always save the day andadded another victory to their listby defeating the Georgetown girlsby a score of 17 to 12. The girls'victory score was the same as thescore of the boys. The first halfended in a score of 10 to 4 in favor jof the P. H. S. girls. Baldwin, Halland Wallingford did the good workfor Paris, while P. Nunnelly did bestfor the visitors. The line-up of theteams fpllQwsjPfirJfl Wiffli ;' vt - .--- GeorgetowrlHall p.. ..p. NunnellyRule F McCaneBaldwin G. . .. RobinsonHose G WarrlWallingford.. . .G .'NunnellyRefferee, Marshall Adams,Georgetown College.SALESMAN WANTED ,PUBLIC SALEThursday, March 2, 1922AT Zt66 P. M.in order to straighten up my affairs here, as I am moving to Cynthiana to live, I have placed my property, consisting of a five-room cottage and 2 lots located on Brent Street, in the hands of Harris, Speakes& Harris for salt at Public Auction on the above named date.The house is in good condition, has two large porches, 1 hall, a goodcellar under the house, a garage and a barn tired for tobacco.The placets all under good fencing, has concrete walks, shadetrees, a fine grape arbor, and a nice lot of pie plant in the garden.Both lots have a frontage of 60 feet, and extend back 180 feet.For further infomation, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Corner Sixth and Main Streets.Cumb. Phone 450; Home Phone 394. Farmers' and Traders' Bank., Or Mr. Charlie Peterson, Owner.(21-24-28)To sell roofing cement and paintsdirect to property-owners. Formerly,located in Burgin, Ky.ing nouse, because our salemenare money-makers. Only producerswanted.RHODES PRODUCTS CO.The Cortlandt,(21-4t) Louisville, Ky.In the County Court the last willand testament of Charles E. Butler,Sr., was presented and probated before County Judge George Batterton. Under the terms of, the instrument, the entire estate, both personalty and 'real is devised to Mr.Butler's widow, Mrs. Mary ShippButler, who "was designated as executrix, no bond to be required ofher. Mrs. Butler waived the rightto assume the trust, and the Courtappointed her daughter, Miss Frances Butler, who assumed the trust asadministrator of the estate, withwill annexed.W. H. D. Wheat, of Ft. Thomas,Ky., was appointed by the Court asadministrator of the estate of MissMary L. Williams, who died sometime ago at the home of B. B. Marsh,in East Paris. Mrs. Wheat accepted the trust and qualified byfurnishing bond with Harry Marshas surety.FOR SALE OR RENTTwo-story brick house at Seventhand Higginsr1 av!nue. Has ninerooms;' bath; gas; electric lights;garage and garden.(It) JAKE ELVOVE.RELIGIOUSA Bsume of Events In BeligiousCircles For Present andFutureRev. Dr. J. W. Lawrence, ofDallas, Texas, who held a series ofrevival meetings in the Paris Baptistchurch some time ago, began a meeting at the Cynthiana Baptist churchSunday evening, which will continueindefinitely.HAND-MADE BLOUSESMrs. Herbert Jackson and Miss L66James, of Frankfort, will be at theHotel Windsor, in Paris, on Friday,February 24, with a beautiful display of hand-made blouses. Call andinspect them. (It)FINE WALL PAPERSWANTEDRepresentative in each county tosell stock in high-class KentuckyManufacturing company paying paying 8ilivrdlndfA. J. IVEY,41 Ingalls Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.LOSTLeft onseat in the Catholic church:or lost In church yard; Sunday afternoon a black silk handbag or pursecontaining small sum of money andpair of kid gloves. Finder returnand receive reward.MARY WEATHERS,(It) 852 West Street.INVESTIn Kentucky industries, high-classmanufacturing company paying 8.Large bonuses paid. Write for fullparticulars.A. J. IVEY,41 Ingalls Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.MALE HELP WANTEDLarge mercantile corporation, doing a Nation-wide business, has,opening for young man desiring tolearn the business. Successful" applicant will be given thoroughcourse of training, leading to position of store manager. In answering give references, whether married, salary, and religious preference,,Address"MERCANTILE,"Care THE NEWS, Paris, Ky.1The Pride of Paris"INDIANAINGENUINE FOED XJ&TS.We have just received a new shipment of Ford parts. All kinds, socall on us when your Ford needs repairs. WHITE FRONT GARAGE.,. ITRE CAUSES $5,000 I0SSFire of unknown irigin shortly before midnight Saturday night, resulted in the destruction of a large barn,formerly used as a storage warehouse, at 755 West Short street, inLexington, belonging to P. S. Neal,of 184 North Ashland avenue. Theloss was estimated at between $4,000and .$5,000 and was partially covered by insurance. Until a short timeago it had been rented to ClaudeBurke, tobacco man, but was vacantat the time of the fire. Neighborswere of the opinion that the barncontained about 1,000 tobacco baskets which had been left there by theGeary Tobacco Warehouse.Knw is the time to have vour dec-Fast-grdw-1 mating done while the new 1922stocks are fresh. Many exclusivepatterns and smart novelties.LOW PBICESWall paper prices have been cut almost 50 this season and maynever be so low again. We will beglad to show them without obligation of any kind.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS.WOODFORD & BRYAN0BOURBON CONTRIBUTION fORCHINESE HOSPiTALTHE FAIRANDNEW WEAVE BEACH CLOTHIN ALL THE NEWEST SHADES29c to 48cThe Latest Spring Fabricsare Now Arriving Daily.iM0DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYDissolution SaleFriday, February 24that 2:00 P. M.f In order to dissolve the partnership existing between Geo. S. Mor-"t, gan & Son, and because we have decided to move to the farm, we will" cell at public auction a certain tract of land with improvements, locat-ed in Little. Rock, Ky.The property consists of three acres of land, which will be sold intwo parcels, and then as a whole, as follows:v Parcel 1 consists of 2 acres ofjand, improved by a 10-room twoi story frame house, in good condition, and modern in every respect; hasbath, is wired for acetelyne lights, has a good dairy, garage, 2 henhouses, corn cribs, stockbarns, and all necessary outbuildings, in goodrepair. ' . x,Parcel 2 is a vacant lot.t , The above described property is better known as the Ollie A. operWyhresidence. This is an absolute sale. 'fA box containing eight fin piecedquilts, ten pairs of sheets and fiftysurgical bandages, the handiwork ofthe White Cross Circle of the. ParisBaptists church, composed of ladiesof the congregation, will be shippedfrom Paris today tor Louisville. Fromthere it will be sent with anotherlarge consignment from Louisvilleand the South to Vancouver B. C. enroute to China. The shipment overseas will go forward on a P. & O.steamer for Wuchow, China, onMarch 1. . .The materials were fashioned under the supervision of Mrs. Wm, O.Hinton, as chairman, and are destined for the Stout Memorial Hospitalin Wuchow, where Mrs. Ullen Leavell,formerly. Miss Charlotte Henry, ofParis, and her husband, Rev. Leavell,are stationed as missionaries. Thequilts have been on exhibition inMrs CorneBaird's millinery store, onMajn street, and have been greatlyadmired.THE FAIRFor Friday and Saturday NextTruly Remarkable Values. Prices Like These CommandAttention!For further infomation, apply to,HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, . .tj K Corner Sixth and Main Streets.Cimli;"Kione'450; Homeme'3&'r " Parmers' and Traders' Bank.SAVE MONEY"We save you money on wagons,buggies, all kinds of harness, farmmachinery of every kind, plow pointsfor Oliver and Vulcan plows; stovesand all kinds of hardware.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.RHEUMATISMAt 5c 130 Page School Tablet,and all sizes Note, Books.At 15c Large Dinner Plates, 9-vinches across the topAt 25c Breakfast Plates, 6 for25c; Beautiful Decorations; 1stquality; Sale Saturday only.At 35c 1 Granite Coffee Pot and1 Asbestos Coffee Table Mat.At 45c 3 1-gallon Milk Crocks,1 extra large size Galvanized CoalBucket and Shovel, 1 Granite 10qnart Cooking Kettle, yonr choiceof either 45c.Do you know ithat rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium. 'Moderate Rates. Write for literature. & 1MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS' INeponset Art Rugs, handsome colorings and patterns famous the conntry over for their wearing qualityand beauty specially priced. Allsizes.At 10c Real Fine China Cupsand Saucers, Cups 10c, Saucers 10c.At"20c Vegetable Bowls not shallow, but deep, regular size.At 30c 1 Box Wall Paper Cleaner, 2 packages white and black ShoePolish, 1 Box Serv-Us Cleanser, 1Granie Milk Skimmers, all for 30c.At 403 Ten 10-cent articles toselect from, your choice of eight articles for 40c.large size Fish. Globe 69c, two 25csize 'Gold Pish 50, total $1.19 Friday and Saturday for 75c.Extra quality Hair Brushes, cheapat 69c, for 39c; another lot cheap at$1.00, for 69c; pure bristle, highlypolished backs.nAt 50c New patterns Heavygrade Neponset Linoleum, formerly$1.15 a yard, for two days only 50c.per square yard.Oil Opaque Window Shades, onheavy spring rollers, not over 6 toany 1 customer, in green only, 59c.Two rolls 5,000 sheets Toilet Paper A. P. W. quality, full count, 2,500 sheets in a roll, finest qualityobtainable 2 rolls for $1.00.Sand Paper, all sizes 1c a sheet. .Every item in the store is marked down to rock bottom, as the expressiongoes, and that applies not only to this advertisement, but every item in this storebears a price that means a saving for you beyond anything you have shared in fora long time.THE F--A.IR.(Ffc 21-24)4tott?',j&''. wfwe&?bPr hewneri .(10-tf) . , Milan. Ind.ifr .$ v' -fcte-rewa ;ro4gfifr'fejfc.,j i "ntm-' tYix-!xt -yTUESDAY, kFBBRUAmT II, l 22;tifK - - riv . -Ithel .Bdtif i?E3iAMf kMii:nr ?'K t?Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleasePERSONALSKELLY'S TOBACCO SEEDOBEBDOEFEB'SATKelly's Tobacco Seed, ImprovedStanding-Up Burley. Oberdorfer, theDruggist, agent lor B. J. Kelley && Son, Lancaster, Ky.oHOUSEKEEPERS SALEThe ladies of St. Peter's Episcopal church will hold "HousekeepersSale" on Saturday, February 25, inthe offices of the Paris Realty Co.,on Main street.oTOT FALLS FROM CARComings and Goings of Some Yon-Know and Others TonBon'tAt Ravenna, Elmer Caywood,three-year-old son of Dr. E. S. Caywood, formerly of Paris, fell fromhis father's automobile and receivedsevere cuts and bruises on the headand face. He was not seriouslyinjured.oTO GIVE PLAYStudents of the Western HighSchool, (colored) will produce a fiveact drama, "Tony, the Convict," atthe High School auditorium, to-morrow(Wednesday) night at eighto'clock. The play is said to be fullof laughter, thrills and tears.INJURED BY TALLk As the result of a fall received recently Preston See, former memberof the Bourbon Fiscal Court, andnow in the employ of the Louisville& Nashville at their freight stationin this city, is confined to his homeon SecQpd. street, Mr, See is improy- J noon, at their homesinug and will soon be able to beout,o17 OVERCOATS HALF PRICEODDS AND ENDS FROM SEASON'S SELLING, EXCELLENTVALUES, ALL-WOOL OVERCOATSIN LIGHT AND HEAVY WEIGHT.J. W. DAVIS &SC0.( MENG IMPROVINGCalvert Meng, who was shot in thearm and side by David Christopher,a tenant, during an argument a fewdays ago, is reported as improving atat the Massie Memorial Hospital.An X-ray photograph taken by theattending physicians showed the bullet lodged near the spine, betweenthe fifth and sixth ribs.Christopher was released on bondto appear before County Judge Geo.Batterton for examining trial.ELECTED BATTALION SPONSORMiss Margaret Lavin, of Paris, student at the University of Kentucky,was elected last week as sponsor forthe third platoon of the R. 0. T. C,the military organization of Ky.University. Miss Lavin is a Sophomore of Arts and Science. The appointment carries the rank of firstlieutenant.Of the fourteen Sophomores elected last week for the R. O. T. C. eightare members of the Fresman Class.During the recent visit of the Kentucky Legislators to the University,Miss Lavin took a prominent part onthe program of reception and 4 welcome. BANKS AND POSTOFFICE CLOSEDTO-MORROWTo-morrow, (Wednesday) February 22, being ""Washington's Birthday" a legal holiday all over theNation, the Paris banks and thepostofiice will be closed and theclerks and employes given a holidayfor the day.No deliveries of mail on the cityor rural routes will be made. Thestamp window at the postofiice willremain open from 11:30 to 12:30,but no business will be transacted inthe money order or the registeredmail departments. The day willotherwise be celebrated with appropriate programs rendered by thelocal and county schools.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)TO TRAIN SONG LEADERSA telegram received Saturday byDr. M. H. Dailey president of thelocal Community Service, from theNational organization headquartersin New York stated that Mr. HarryMorrison, of New York, will be inParis from March 1 to 18, for thePurpose of training a number ofcommunity song leaders.Mr. Morrison is a specialist in thisbranch of Community Service work,and is rated as one of the foremost"workers in this line in the country.The work he will undertake herewill be free to the public, coming tothe local organization free of charrefrom the National Community Ser-Mr. and Mrs. M. F. Kenney, influenza sufferers, are somewhat improved. Owen L. Davis, of Paris, was inLouisville yesterday, on a businessmission.Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Guttmanhave moved to the Edwards residence, on Fifteenth street.R. P, Walsh is able to be outafter being confined to his home byillness for severaj weeks.Jos. M. Hall and Luther Riceleft Sunday night for China. n n.j tend the International Livestock Exposition. Mrs. Mayme Parker has returned from New York, where she hasbeen purchasing spring stocks forher millinery store.Mr. Albert Perling leaves forNew York to-morrow to make purchases of novelty spring fabrics forThe Leader Store. 'Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, MissHelen Hutchcraft and Mrs.Clarence Dawes have returned froma visit to friends in Cincinnati.Henry Rattenburg, adjuster forthe Aetna Automobile Insurance Co.,has been in Paris for several days, asguest of A. J. Fee, on a business mission. Mrs. Lee Barbour and 'daughter, Miss 'Alice Barbour, of nearLouisville, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.L. B. Purnell, and other relatives inParis.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Hopkinshave returned from their bridal tour,and are for the present at the homeof Mr. and Mrs, R, P, Crouch, nearParis.Mrs. Ireland Davis and Mrs. LeeKirkpatrick entertained the membersof their bridge clubs Saturday after-on Houstonavenue. .Mr. E. D. Milner left Sundayfor the East to buy furnishings forThe Leader Store. He was accompanied by his daughter, Miss Ber-inice Milner.Thomas Read, of Little Rock,who underwent an operation at theMassie Memorial Hospital, Friday,rallied nicely from the effects, and isresting comfortably.Mrs. Martha Waller Clark, whohas been visiting relatives in thiscity, left Sunday night for Chhicago,to jon her husband, who is travelingrepresentative for one of the bigmoving picture corporations.Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Miller havereturned to Cincinnati from Meredith, Texas, where Mr. Miller wentfor the benefit of his health. Mr.Miller remains very ill. His sister,Mrs. Allie Miller Preston, of Ashland, is at his bedside.Miss. Dorothy Harris, daughterof Rev. and Mrs. George H, Harris,of Versailles, former residents ofParis, who has been ill at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington, isnow convalescing at her parents'home in Versailles.Miss Helen Hutchcraft attendeda meeting of the pledges of ChiChapter Chi Omega Fraternity ofTransylvania College, held at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington. Theactive members of the Chapter wereguests of 'the pledges at a very enjoyable dinner.Mr. Harold Bauer, master pianast, was tendered a reception in Lexington Friday evening at the Phoenix Hotel, by Miss Anna ChandlerGoff , of the Lexington College of Music. Among the guests were MissEthel Fisher,, of Millersburg College,Miss Elizabeth Crutcher, Mrs. H. 0.James and Mrs. C. W- Young, ofParis. nThe Bourbon County Woman'sClub will present the following program at their meeting Wednesdayafternoon: "Americanization of Edward Bok," Mrs. Harry B. Clay;"Washington, the Man Who MadeUs," (Percy Mackaye), Mrs. MacieWhite Fithian; Song, "America, theBeautiful," Mrs. Edward Prichard;Club Tea.Misses Louise Connell and Josephine Fithian, and Messrs. Basil Hayden and Robert Lavin, Paris studentsat the Universisty of Kentucky, attended the dance given Saturdaynight in the ball room of the Lafayette Hotel, in Lexington by membersof the Delta Chi fraternity of theUniversity.T-Frankfort State Journal: "Mrs.James H. Thompson, wife of theSpeaker of the House of Representatives, who has been extensively entertained during her stay here, gavea luncheon-bridge Friday at thehome of Mrs. W. S. Farmer. Mrs.Thompson had expected to have twoparties, but owing to so much illness among her friends, decided, tomerge the two parties into one."Mrs. Waller Dalby entertained,the members of her bridge club ather home on Twelfth street with avalentine party. The .highest scorewas made by Mrs. Ireland Davis. Alunch was served at the conclusionof the games. The guests were:Mrs. Ireland Davis, Mrs. Helen DavisSwearengen, Mrs. Robert M. Johnson, Mrs. Dan W. Peed, Mrs. GeorgeWatkins, Mrs. John M. Sturgeon,Mrs. Owen Gibson, Mrs. ShirleyDalzell.-y-One of the brilliant events ofthe past week in Lexington was thedies and place cards hand-pain tecj inyellow flower designs. JCharlton Clay, of Paris, ws oneof the guests at a dinner given byMr. and Mrs. John Gourlay, at theirapartment in the Phoenix Hotel,! inLexington, Saturday night, in compliment to Mr. and Mrs. MasonHoughland, of Bowling Green, guestsof Mr. Wright Houghland.The following program will berendered at the meeting of the Millerburg Twentieth Century Club, atthe meeting to be held Saturday afternoon: Roll Call Brazilian Products; The Amazon t Basin, MissWood; Rio de Janierio the LargestPortugese City in The World, MissMcClintock; Music, Miss Ball; TheNegro Population, Mrs. Allie Miller;Hostess, Miss Fisher.(Other Personals on Page 3)INCUBATOR OIL 1If you want your incubator tohatch right, use incubator oil. '" Wehave it.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.TREE PRUNING TO MAKE PARIS"CITY BEAUTIFUL"At one of the recent meetings ofthe Paris Commercial Club, it wassaid by retiring Secretay, Mr. W. E.Hacker, that the statement had beenmade at his office by a person whohas occasion to visit all of the BlueGrass towns, "that it looked likeParis was going to seed,It would seem that such unfavorable comme"hts as this would put usto thinking and looking about to ascertain what could be done with theleast effort and expense to improyethe general appearance of our town,thereby creating a more favorableimpression on those who have occasion to visit us.TFE NJWS man has just made alittle survey of Paris, as well as several other towns of the same class,and from observation, we believe justat this time of the year if all property owners would make a thoroughinspection and study )f their shadetrees along streets and lawns theywould find much needed attention tothese trees in the way of pruning,cutting back, cleaning out all deadparts, and removing entirely all oldworthless dead trees, which are notonly an eye-sore to the public, but aredetrimental to streets, pavements andsewers.Now is the time of year to handlethe tree question. This responsibility rests with the property owners,unless the neglect continues until thecity authorities are forced to takesome action in the matter.Of course, the time will come afew months later for the city to getbusy, and take care of some othermatters in the way of repairing andleanine streets. We are sure thiswill have prompt attention when thetime homes, but? let property ownerstake advantage of the season and attend to trees right now.FINAL 'CLEARANCECOATSOFOVER-iFINAL CLEAN-UP OF SEVENTEEN ALL-WOOL OVERCOATS ATHALF PRICE. SEE THEM IN THEWINDOW.J. W. DAVIS & CO.A REAL SAMARITANParis is blessed with a real trueGood Samaritan in the person ofMrs. Harriet Minaker, VisitingNurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League. A fewdays ago Mrs. Minaker learned thatWilliam Brophy and six of his children, residing near Paris, were illwith pneumonia. She started in herauto to visit them, but found theroad from the pike to the home insuch bad condition that she couldnot reach the house. Parking hermachine on the roadside, she walkeda mile through the mud and slushto the home. There she found oneof the children, a nine-year-old girl,seriously ill. She wrapped the childin a blanket and carried her in herarms to the auto, bringing her tothe Massie Memorial Hospital in thiscity. The child was given medicalattention, and is now on the road torecovery. Other members of thefamily are improving also.oMANUFATURERS' LEAF STOCKSSHOW DECLINEBurley leaf tobacco in the handsof manufacturers on January 1 decreased more than 3,000,000 poundsfrom the last report, made October1, 1921, according to the CensusBureau's quarterly report of leaf tobacco in the hands of manufacturersmade under the provisions of theCantrill act. Burley on hand onJanuary 1 of this year, however,was nearly 56,000,000 pounds morethan on January 1 of last year. Theaggregate of the chewing) smoking,snuff and expert types in the handsof dealers January 1 was about 115,000,000 pounds more than on January, 1 of last year, and about 14,000,000 pounds more than on Octo-hor 1 1921.The dark tobaccovof Kentucky and'Tennesse in the hands of manufacturers January 1 also was less thanon lasfcPctober 1, but more than ayear ago. The, bright yellow leaf ofthe Virginia, Carolina and Georgiadistricts is held in greater quantitiesthan either a year ago or last October. The aggregate of all kinds onopen session and annual luncheon of hand on 'January 1, 1922, was 1,the Maryland Avenue Sisterhood atthe Lafayette Hotel. Among thosein attendance were Mrs. A. J. Winters, Mrs, Chas. S. Goldsein, Mrs.Louis Wollstein, Mrs. Sim .Levy, Mrs.E. -L. Milner and Miss Ruth Feld, "ofParis. The table was beautifullyDon't be driven to dring. Hootch"HCe Orranfraffnn o. xuC isuic wao ucauLXiuiijr i ib saiU to ue BWUUB at jliuux ci&ut, w561,848,372 pounds, compared' with1,446,914,469 pounds January 1,1922, and 1,457,439,732 pounds onOctober 1, 1921.ErifcjrT" o-s ix A "jrIHBHWj' "' - - -" irjVT,ll' i-J.. . -.1 ' ' I -Jt SUWy& --'-' ' vr 2JiUH,iW&t nw !Maybe wt can match that extraCoat and Vest with a pair of ourExtra TrousersFEBRUARY 22ndIs a Motable Day for Two Reasons:The Birthday of George Washington, and the beginning of our Final "ClearAway" Sale of Winter Suits,Overcoats, Furnishings and Shoes for men and boys.. .If Washington's voice could he hprH nn tv.currency that bears his likeness, he undoubtedly ;1would tell you to bring it to our store, because it ihas greater buying power here. , : ;We'll be the medium to interpret this messagefor you if perchance you are one of the few who ,doesn't already know this fact.Be here early and stay late. .'LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department.619 Main StreetBetter Values in Men'sand Boys' WearDay After DayPeople are availing themselves of theTREMENDOUS BARGAINS to befound in our immense stock during ourFEBRUARY AND MARCHCASH SALEV Are you one of these?n,.:.Let us supply your needs in Furniture,. Rugs, Mattings, Linoleumsand Wall Paper. We have neveroffered such price and quality values? .HAMTMONCO.Sixth and Main StreetsEither Phone 36GUESSINGCONTESTThe correct weight of theRocker was 23 lbi. 2 oz. andMrs. W. C. Potti, of 266Lilleston Avenue, was thelucky guesier.'I. J z .'1i.Uuc .' vW lUTV, 3ii- . - " '-.fr;tjm-4w & t&- fPAGE SIXPABIS, s KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MSBJtUABT 21, liTTHE BOURBON,J$BntfS,ISfi' oe your money bckPositively Contain! no AtpirimForStUttaflDragStaM,OTUts . ... 25c(tUl-25mar)DOG LICENSES ISSUEDUp to the present time County-Clerk Pearce Paton has issued a totalC 1,723 dog licenses for the city andoounty owners of canines. The otherafternoon a man who had secured aUotnse a few moments before ruBhedimto the Clerk's office', and throwingtown a newspaper clipping, demanded his money hack, saying the paperstated that the Legislature had passed a law allowing each person tohave one dog free of license. Mr.Paton explained that the law hadnot been passed, and if it should bepassed it would not go into effecttliis year.Kansas Tip.You should be polite to the youngboys you meet. Perhaps some day oneof them will be superintendent of thepoorhouse of which you are an inmate.Altoona Tribune.WLYM1CKT8EPeople Notice It. Drive ThemOff with Dr. Edwards'Olive TabletsA pimplv face will not embarrass youmuch longer if you get a package ofDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skinshould begin to clear after you havetaken the tablets a few nights.Cleanse the blood, bowels and liverwith Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, thesuccessful substitute for calomel; there'sno sickness or pain after taking them.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do thatwhich calomel does, and just as effectively, but their action is gentle andsafe instead of severe and irritating.No one who takes Olive Tablets isever cursed with a "dark brown taste,"a bad oreath, a dull, listless, "no good"feeling, constipation, torpid liver, baddisposition or pimply face.Olive Tablets are a purely vegetablecompound mixed with olive oil; you willknow them by their olive color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with fiver and bowelcomplaints, and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective result. Take one ortwo nightly for a week. See how muchbetter you feel and look. 15c and 30cBRIGHTER.EVENINGSJust HistoryThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright,She ereeted her gaeitBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time doei passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Bit the girl of to-dayWko wants her home bright,lost presses a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)FLORALAGENTFlowersFor AllOccasionsGotten onShortNotice.Phone MeYour Order.Jo S. Varden. AgentMOST AWESOMEOFKilauea in Hawaii Is 'PerpetualShow Place, PerformingDay and Night.'LAVA IS CONSTANTLY BOILINGCrater Covers an Area of 2,700 Acresand Is Eight Miles in Circumference Paved Highway Leads toIt From Hi!o, 30 Miles Away.Hilo, T. EL On the Island of Hawaii the big island, as it is called, ofthe Hawaiian group is located theonly tame volcano in the world. It isa perpetual show place, performingday and night and at times putting ona demonstration that is awe-inspiringin its grandeur and manifested power.On such occasions boat excursions arerun here from Honolulu and otherIsland towns. It was only last Marchthat Kilauea belched forth a flood ofmolten lava that flowed in giantstreams over the vast floor of the circular crater that surrounds the activepit of Halemaumau. The" big cratercovers an area of 2,700 acres and iseight miles around. The pit of constantly boiling, steaming and screeching lava and gas is situated almostin the center of the original crater.The active volcanic pit is more thanthree miles In circumference.Has No Counterpart. ?From a topographical standpointthe volcano of Kilauea has no counterpart. There leads to the very rimof the crater a paved highway, all theway from Hilo, 31 miles. The onlyvisible hint that is given qne that avolcano is anywhere around is thewhite sulphur fumes that may be seenduring the day and the glowing redof reflected fire from the live pit atnightSo easy is the grade of the highwaythnfr tho H!o -frnTTi spn lovol tn nn nlH-tude of 4,000 feet in less than thirtymiles is scarcely noticed, except byhthe increased chilliness of the air.Then suddenly at a turn in the fernlined road there bursts into view theblack, undulating crater of Kilauea,and there comes to one's ears the hissing of the giant cauldron of gas andmolten lava In the pit of Halemaumau.The automobile" is run through a passin the outer rim and out upon thehardened lava. The remaining shortdistance to the performing center ismade on footOwing to the accessibility this volcano Is visited by hundreds of touristsevery year. It is In such close contactwith the every-day life of the peopleof the surrounding territory and thehome visitors that whatever dangersthere may be In its occasional overflows are lost sight of. During theeruption of last March "some of thevisitors came near being cut off bythe streams of lava which flowed overthe enormous sink that surrounds themain crater. Even small children ventured close to the lapping columns ofmolten froth that rolled out of thefiery pit.Hotel at Crater's Edge.Upon the very edge of the big crateris built the Volcano house, a modernhotel where the guests may view theperformances of the restless monsterfrom the windows of their rooms orfrom the restful chairs upon the ve-randas. Many times during the daylight tremors of earthquakes may befelt at the hotel, and on all sides ofthe building white fumes of sulphurconstantly pour forth from cracks inthe lava formation. For miles aroundthe main crater of Kilauea are to beseen evidences of vast destructivenesswrought by the volcano in times past,all going to show that1 Its present Jongperiod of comparative passivity maybe only a prelude to another disastrous performance.It is at Kilauea that the most thorough scientific study of volcanoes andearthquakes ever undertaken is. inprogress. This work is in charge ofProf. Thomas A. Jaggar, Jr. He conducts an observatory and seismological station upon the brink of the volcano, where every phase and movement of the lava pit and the earth tremors are recorded day by day. Thisresearch work has already resulted inmany valuable discoveries, some ofwhich promise to be of much practicalvalue in the future, it is asserted.For one thing, the conclusion hasbeen reached that the undergroundfires of Kilauea may be used for industrial purposes. At the last session ofthe Hawaiian legislature a bill was introduced appropriating $25,000 tomake borings in the floor of the bigcrater to test the heat supply forpower purposes. While this measurefailed of final passage because of therush of other measures that weredeemed of more importance, it is regarded as practically assured that thenext legislature will make the desiredappropriation. It is stated that theuse of this heat in a large power plantor piping It to sugar "mills and otherIndustries could be easily accomplished. Power Possibility."Volcano power for human use is' apossibility," said Professor Jaggar,for heat Is power, and volcanoes generate heat. Earth s'team is used directly near Volterra in Italy. Vaststores of earth ,steam exist in Japan,Iceland, the Yellowstone and NewZealand. There is no steam pressure,at Kilauea, but there is a furnace ofoxidising volcanic chemicals withsulphuric acid and alum jindVOLCANOESepsom salts as by-products, so thatborings may discover very Interesting temperatures and minerals. Itis not proposed by boring to tapa steam jet, nor merely to discoverhot rock; the bore-hole. would immediately cool it off. The source of renewable energy in a volcanic boring Ischemical process. Cracks near the pitof Halemaumau in Kilauea volcanohave opened from time to time. Theygot hotter and hotter until they became glowing furnaces, emitting apparently merely hot air. If a boringwill start such a furnace, then 20 holesat such a place will run a respectablesized engine."Rising to a height of 13,000 feet onlya few miles from Kilauea is the greatvolcano of Mauna Loa, which has Intermittent eruptions, the last one ofgreat violence beginning in October.1919, and continuing for five months,the flow coming from a split in themountain far down upon its flanks..The black rolls of treacle lava flowedfor miles through the sandflats, forests and bare rock slopes, finallyemptying Into the sea, where giantclouds of steam rose day and night.Myriads of sea fish were killed bythe boiling water.Scientific Possibilities.Speaking of results that, may comefrom the research werk which he isconducting, Professor Jaggar said:"Probably the most far-reaching usowhich can be made of the results ofchemical and exploratory vwork dealing with the cores from Kilauea wil!be the application of 'the knowledge ofmining. Ores of copper and the precious metals occur near volcanicrocks. Sulphur is closely associatedwith them. Copper sulphide has beenfound repeatedly in the glowingcracks of Hawaiian lava. Sulphidesmay exist underground in the hot region, and such discovery would be interesting to mining engineers."Professor Jaggar's volcanic studyat Kilauea has already reached thepoint where it is known that violenteruptions may be foretold almost tothe minute, and in ample time to givewarning to all persons who may beJ in danger of the outburst The sameis true as to tidal waves that may beproduced by volcanic eruptions anaea,iquallcOur little laboratory at Kilauea."he said, "was started by an unselfishgroup of business men of Hawaii.They are planting volunteer stationswith earthquake instruments and -willreap a crop of new discoveries. Asimilar group in Massachusetts, withthe encouragement and publicity thatthe Springfield Republican could give,placed a man at Naples for volcanicresearch, and now they are helpedout by Carnegie's great benefaction.The Carnegie Institute also is extending Its work to the earthquakesof California under a man who wasformerly seismologist of the Hawaiianobservatory."VENICE PRISON FOR CONCERTSCouncil Decides to Put DungeonsBuilt in Sixteenth Century, toModern Use.Milan. All lovers of Venice willlearn with regret that the municipalcouncil has decided to turn the oldprisons to some modern use.The old prisons, which are connected with the Palace of the Doges bythe famous Bridge of Sighs, were constructed In the Sixteenth century byGiovanni da Ponte and were the sceneof many historic episodes. Severalhigh political personages were executed there under the Republic andlater on patriots like Tommaseo andManin were thrown Into them by theAustrians. There is a proposal tomake a concert' hall of the old prison.The prisons underneath the leadenroof of the Doges Palace, known a"3the Piombl, were destroyed in 1797.From the passage leading to the Bridgeof Sighs a staircase descends to thePozzi dungeons with a torture chamber and a place of execution. Theprisons built by da Ponte are the criminal prisons, which have been In usefor ordinary' criminals.Heart on Man's Right Side.Hagerstown, Md. Jacob Shaw, former garden trucker, now furnace manat the Seventh Day Adventist churchhere, has his heart in the right side ofhis body instead of the left. One dayhe complained of a pain in his heart,and placed his hand on his right side.His wife laughed and said : "Why, yourheart Is not on the right side1 of yourbody!" He Insisted that it was, andhis statement was confirmed by a halfdozen physicians and by X-ray photographs. '8.iiiIiiiiMother and Child AreAttacked by HawkPort Deposit, Md. The largest chicken hawk yet seen Inthis section was killed on Mainstreet. Driven by hunger Intothe town, It sighted in the yardof James Craig a large, fat hen,and had fastened its talons inthe prospective meal. Mrs.Craig ran to the rescue with abroom. She was followed by hertwo-year-old son. The .birdturned upon th mother andchild. Their cries were heard byan. out-of-town salesman, who,being told l)y Mrs. Craig .wherethe gun was, procured it andkilled the bird. It was halfstarved, but measured four andone-half feet from tip to tip ofwings.'iiiiiiiiiHiIIIIIIIIII1IIIII','IGET THE PEOPLE OUTThere are few things that stimulate a greater interest in town imAprovement than to have large numbers of citizens t attending everybeeting of the City Council.It gingers up the members of theboard, for when they know the eyesof their constituents are upon themat every meeting they will put forthgreater efforts to make good in theirundertakings. It becomes a matterof 'pride with them to measure mp topublic expectations.It keeps the people posted as tbwhat is being considered for thetown, and this knowledge increasesthe common interest.It brings out new ide"as for theboard to consider, for whenever apeople are deeply interested in jlsubject they will consider and discuss it from every angle, therebydisclosing its weak points and emphasizing its good ones.It is an interest stimulator and aprogress breeder any way you takeit.Get the people outxto Council meetings, and let 'em talk."Pape's Cold Compound"Breaks ,any Coldin Few Hoursj-Instant Relief! Don't stay stuff-ed-up!Quit blowing and snuffling!A dose of "Pape's Cold Compound"taken every two hours until threedoses are taken usually breaks upany cold.The very first dose opens cloggednostrils and the air passages of thehead; stops nose running; relievesthe headache, dullness, feverishness."Pape's Cold Compound" costsonly a few cents at drug stores. Itacts without assistance, tastes nice,contains no quinine. Insist uponPape's! (adv-T)oBegging the Question.Begging the 'question is assuming aproposition which, in reality, involvesthe conclusion. Thus, to say thatparallel lines will never meet becausethey are parallel, is simply to assumeas a fact the very thing that you profess to prove.o -, :Golf may be a great game, but nobody ever beard of George Washington or Abraham Lincoln" playing it.WOMENCANDYEOLDFADED THINGS1EWEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple any woman can dye or tint her worn, shabby dresses, skirts, waists, coats,stockings, sweaters, coverings, draperies, hangings, everything, even ifshe has never dyed before. Buy"Diamond Dyes" no other kindthen perfect home dyeing is sure because Diamond Dyes are guaranteednot to spot, fade, streak, or run. Tellyour druggist whether the materialyou wish to dye is wool or silk, orwhether it is linen, cotton or mixedgoods. (adv)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:007:008:009:0010:0011:0012:001:0.02:00-3:004:005:006:007:009:10a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.pT m.p. m.8:059:0510:05llr0512:051:052:053:054:055:056:057:058:1510:05a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.11:55p. m.ll&OOCash Fare. 60c: Ticket 'Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between .all points, at reduced Tates.KENTUCKY TBACTIONIDNAL CO.(dec6-tf) '& TEE-BROS.BAEBER SHOPIN DIAMOND DYES4 WHITE BAEBEES-4TModem Equipment.Expert and Polite ferfSceHOT A1TD COLD BJLTHIvCan a FORD MAGNETO Be Rechargedso that your Ford will start without batteries on - onequarter turn?YES-AND GUARANTEED FqR ONE YEARCarroll Motor CompanyAuthorized Ford Dealers Cynthiana, Ky.&"Say It With CandyYou're Safe ifMISS HOLLADAY&s -atv 1 3sr a- iOne of the most necessary precepts in every home is saving. Your greatest help in saving is a telephone.Saves time which is money. Saves steps. Forestallstrouble. .May save a life or your home. Brings the doctoror firemen quicker. No argumentagainst a telephone.Order a HOME Telephone to-day.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedSouthern RAiiwff SystemTwo Through Trains DailyBirmingham New OrleansNew Orleans Limited Crescent City SpecialLv. Lexington. . . . , 10:40 A.M.Lv. Danville 11:40 A.M.Lv. Somerset 12:50 P.M:Ar. Chattanooga 6:20 P.M.Ar. Birmingham 10:35 P.M.Ar. New Orleans 10:30 A.M.Pullman Sleeping Cars and CoachesDining Cars Serving All MealsFor tickets, sleeping car reservations or other 'information, apply toTicket Agent, or address,H. C. KING, District Passenger Agent,104 North Limestone Street, Lexington, Ky.! IIHHI i tH4i -We HandleElectricalElectric WashingI Machines, Irons, Tcasters,Broilers, Cliafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Ga HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETillllllMHMIttlHIHillMIMMIHtlHHiMmimtlX?Ix!iKIXIX:iBourbon LaundryDAV.IS & PUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4xIxIXIXILXIXIXI rHH Kv2BTThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyIXHiXHXBIXflJIt's the Right KindLv. Lexington 10:30 P.M.Lv. Danville 11:30 P.M.Lv. Somerset 12:40 A.M.Ar. Chattanooga 6:20 A.M.Ar. Birmingham 10:30 A.M.Ar. New Orleans 10:00 P.M.- H ! II H"H I41 III I II I IMAll Kinds ofNovelties IOPP. COURT HOUSEIX3BXIWeit Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.1X1&XIXIXI;L"jT. ..& "---".-zsBsttaamexssii s&;'-Jss4fsVn..pv,;': vxfuF'f-M3S5$&&&&" "" ' -'',. .. - .. W " r- f- Vt.'TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1822THE BOURBON EWS,. PARIg KENTUCKYPAGS fflmpfysFor Constipated Bowels Bilious LiverThe nicest cathartic-laxative tophysic your bowels when you haveHeadache BilliousnessDizziness ' IndigestionDizziness Sour Stomachis candy-like Cascarets. One or twoto-night will empty your , bowelscompletely by morning and you willfeel splendid. "They work while yousleep." Cascarets never stir you upor gripe like Salts, Pills, Calomel,or Oil and they cost only ten centsa box. Children love Cascarets, too.(adv-T)PARTY GOVERNMENT AND PARTY RESPONSIBILITYSo far as President Harding's pleafor party government is concerned,it may be said that we have hadparty government in this countrysince the Presidency of AndrewJackson. By declaring himself infavor of party government, PresidentHarding gets into the Andrew Jackson class as easily as he gets intothe Lincoln class on the grounds ofpartnership.Party government, however, carries with it party responsibility afact which Mr. Harding and hisparty will not be permitted to forgetor evade this fall.MORROW t OPPOSES BOND EXEMPTION IDEAGovernor Morrow, of Kentucky, isone of six State executives opposingthe proposed constitutional amendment prohibiting issuance of tax exempt securities, according to information placed before the HouseWays and Means Committee inWashington, by Representative McFadden, who sent inquiries to twenty-eightGovernors. Fifteen repliedwith an expression of approval forthe proposed amendment, seven werenoncommittal and six were opposedfrankly to the scheme.KENTUCKY M&N WILL COMMANDU. S. MARINES INNICARAGUAMajor John Marston 3rd, whosefather, John Marston, lives at 462West .Second street, Lexington, hasbeen assigned to duty as commanding officer of the TJ. S. Marines of thethe American Legation Guard, atManagua, Nicaragua. He will takeover his new duties upon his arrivalin the Central American republic inFebruary.Major Marston has seen much active service since his appointment asa lieutenant of Marines in 1908. Heparticipated in the engagement atVeraCruz, Mexico, in 1914, and thefollowing years he took part in numerous battle and skirmishes againstrevolutionists in, Haiti. Later he wasappointed Inspector of the Haitienlienaarmerie, tne native force mHaiti, organized for the purpose ofpreserving order in that country.Major Marston, wh.o is 37 yearsold, rose rapidly through the respective grades to his present rank.As commanding officer of the Marines in Nicaragua he will be calledupon to perform services of a moreor less diplomatic nature. He willprobably remain at his new stationfor -a period of two years.2sTOWN PESTStGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDav Nignc137299y 1 I I II I f 1U I I 1 I t It I I t ?'r"f"T ' tililiiIHIil lliiHSHE LOOKS SOWELL AND HAPPY!KAN OEWi, THE WUS.SE(SMP SHE UCVK. -tuouwtO COM VrtUHtt W MJWtVShe said nm coofcKCtWAS-RULN REWUkWCXfcce.'.tvas uuoftR. tv rmm.HO HOUQ.SVJKStWKYJ vwjvw--MMWHHHIhIWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINE(tf)OPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford Parts '.Expert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed yXThe-Lady-Who-Had-An-Operation isRehearsing the Gruesome Details foithe 967th time since the InterestingEvent took place Three Years Ago.and Her Friends all feel like Runningwhen they See her Coming. FeiPete's sake, Missus Lady, put en aNew Record !See the Rich, Red Blood, the Signof Healtji, Showing In HerLovely Cheeks"Talk Trips" Save Money For YoujpE ySome women' have naturally beautiful complexions that tell you thereis plenty of richness in their blood.Their figures become well formed,supple, rounded and graceful. Thosejare the results of rich, red blood,and plenty of it. There is no needof being thin and scrawny frompoor blood. Get a few bottles ofGlide's Pepto-Mangan take it withyour meals for a few weeks. It willgive you plenty of red blood. Bybuilding up the blood, you give theentire system a chance to restoreitself naturally, and that brings natural bloom and beauty and all theeffects and joys of good health. GetGudge's Pepto-Mangan as your druggists in liquid or tablet form.(adv,oCOHEN TRIAL PASSED UNTILJUNE"Talk trips" by long distance telephoneoffer you the most up-to-date way to attendto your business and social aff airs in nearby or distant cities.The telephone carries you there andback quickly, saving the delays and disappointments that often arise when you travelin person.Use station to station service and savefrom 20 to 75 per cent on your toll charges.Ask "Long Distance."CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedThe trial of Charles Cohen, atLexington, on a charge of maliciousshooting with intent to kill, wascontinued until the June term ofCircuit Court.The continuance was asked by theCommonwealth on the ground thatJoseph W. Porter, who was shot byCohen in the latter 's store No. 3, isunable to appear in court as a witness. No objection to the continuance was made by the defendant.Cohen was indicted last week andthe $000 bond, on which he wasreleased from jail several weeks agoby City Judge J. J. Riley, was al-lowed for his appearance at the Juneterm of court.j Mr. Porter was in a critical conIdition at a local hospital, f or severalweeKs ioiiowing tne snooting, outwas not able to be out since he leftthe hospital until recently. He isconfined to his room at this-time.QUERY ANSWEREDParis, Ky., Feb'y 9.THE NEWS:How many Popes of the Catholicchurch have been natives of othercountries than Italy? Please anwer in your next issue,A STUDENT.Answer According to the recordsin the archives of the Vatican atRome, 104 Popes 'have been Romans;103 were natives of other parts ofItaly; fifteen were natives ofFrance; nine were Greeks; sevenwere Germans; five were Asiatics;three were Africans; three wereSpaniards; two Dalmatians, whilePalestine, Thrace, Holland, Portugal and England have each furnished one occupant of the Papal chair.Nine Pontiffs reigned less thanone month; thirty less than oneyear; eleven more than twentyyears; six have reigned over twentyfive years; the longest reign exceptthat of St. Peter, who was in Antioch seven years and in Rome twenty-fiveyears, two months and sevendays, was the reign of Pius IX, whowas Pope thirty-one years, sevenmonths and twenty-one days. Thenext longest was his successor' LeoVIII, who was Pope twenty-fiveyears and five months.Including the late Pontiff, Benedict XV, there have been only ninePopes since the foundation , of theAmerican Republic, the longest series of reigns since the foundationof the Church. The late . BenedictXV was the 206tn" Pope in succession from the time of St. Peter.oTWO PACTSJ The Trouble With Big Families."Father of Ninety-four Assaulted,"says a headline. That's the worst ofthese large families ; some of the children are bound to be Quarrelsome.I Passing Show. London.First time, I met him, I said:"Thereh .some one , to tie to"3'iirJASmith was telling howreal quality needed nosecond introduction.And that's the testimony so many peoplehave given about GrapeNuts. They didn't haveto learn to like it.Wheat and maltedbarley, skilfully blended, andslowly baked for 20 hours,in our great, sanitary foodfactories, are developedinto a natural sweetness,richness and crispnessthat make an immediateappeal to the taste. Theexceptional nourishmentwhich Nature places inthese best of the foodgrains is perfected forcomplete andredy digestion and assimilation.Grape-Nuts builds forhealth and accomplishment. ' ' A delightful breakfastor luncheon cereal, withcream or milk (ready toeat from the package);delicious when made intoa pudding for dinner.Ask your grocer to sendyou, or your waiter toserve you, this splendidfood today."There's a Reason" for Crape-NutsTwo facts before the Americanpeople are worthy of considerationat this time.First, this is the year for holdingCongressional elections for returning some of our solons to Washington and leaving others at home torepent of their shortcomings.Second, Congress has suddenlycome to life on the subject of a soldier bonus law.Nearly five years after the closeof the war, when all other nationshave enacted readjusted compensation legislation in favor qf their -.ex-servicemen, who are still at sea,haggling and scrapping over waysand means, with thousands andthousands of veterans destitute andout of employment. 'If Congress ever intends to dojustice to these men it should bedone now, when they are still aliveand most need it.It would be only an insult to theirmemory to pay it to their descendants after they are dead and gone.It would seem that Congress hasone eye on the approaching elections and the other on the American Legion vote, but even that isbetter, than the utter callousnessthat hs existed heretofore.Made by Postum Cereal Co., Inc., Battle Creek, MichiganArkansas River Frozen Over.The weather bureau at Little Rock,Ark., advises that the Arkansas riverat that point has several times beenfrozen to a deptli that would allowteams to cross on the ice betweenLittle Rock and North Little Rock, themunicipality just across the river.From January 11 to January 27, 1918,the river was frozen, the ice onJanuary 21 being jive and one-halfinches thick. From February 7 toFebruary 17, 1S95, the river wasfrozen over at Little, Rock and teamscrossed on the ice.. " f . . ju., taS" There's a Reason., "Ralph Waldo, go this instant andcut a switch from that tree, for youliav been naughty and I must punishyou." "Mother, you forget I ap an'advocate of forest conservation, andas a matter of principle I cannot comply, with your. retuet.ME,lorld'Times-Union. "' 5Which Daily Paper?A Question That is Quickly and Readily AnsweredThe Courier-JournalLargest Meraing Circulationof Any Kentucky NewspaperEnjoys a nation-wide prestige and reputation, it isessentially a newspaper, intent upon giving news matterfirst consideration.Maintains its own news bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of the .-Associated Press.With important legislation coming before Congress andthe Kentucky General, Assembly in 1922, the CourierJournal is the daily newspaper you will need.By special arrangements we are now able to offerThe Daily Courier-JournalANDThe Bourbon NewsBOTH ONE YEAR R ET CABY MAIL FOR ONLY fl O D UThis offer applies to renewals as'vwell as new subscriptions, but only to people living in Kentucky, Tennessee or Indiana. New subscribers may, if desired,start at a later date, and renewals will date from expiration of present ones.If you prefer an evening newspaper, you may substitute The Louisville Times for The Courier-Journal.Send or bring1 your orders to the office of T?HEBOURBON NEWS.NOTICETo Owners of Ford Cars:We have opened our new Garage on High Street,next door to the Big Four Garage.We are putting in a full and complete line ofGENUINE FORD PARTSIf you are in need o a used Ford car or truck thisspring it will pay you to see us first.' All repairing guaranteed to be first class.-The Commercial GarageBedford, Bryan & Archdeacon, Props.LEVY The Dry Cleaner .IS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDv OF DRY CLEANINGEd. RichardsonContracting : -PainterHOUSE PAINTINGGraining a Specialty 'I Enameling Neatly Done.. Thirty-one YearsExperience.'CUMBERLAND PHONE 674552 VINE STREET . PARIS, KENTUCKYPatronize Bourbon News Adrertiier.fcft)1 X 11a V ". x&j --vr,T3. "O ,. .J-s- "..'PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, l$2t91UUERSBURGyimttrntinf News Items From Bourbon County's College TownMrs. Effie .trainer is visiting"riends in Lexington.Mrs. Atta Young is visiting Mrs.rW. D. Young, in Carlisle.Postmaster Gray made a busi--ciieaetrip to Cincinnati Saturday.Mrs. Rhoda Conway is visiting"3irs. K. Rice, of North Middletown.Mr. Roy Endicott has returnedrfrom a business trip to Cincinnati.Mr. Ed. Pogue and son, of Ma-tson county, were visitors here Ipri--day.Mr. A. T. Moffett left Thursdayior Martinsville, Ind., to spend several weeks.Mrs. James Batterton, of NewYork, is visiting his aunt, Mrs. Sue:Sandusky."E. E. Young, of Nicholasville,-visited Rev. and Mrs. G. W. Nutter,.-the past week.Mrs. Belle Pickerell, of Carlisle,-visited her brothers, T. D. and G. W.Judy, the past week.Mrs. W. S. Judy, of Lexington,was the week-end guest of her sister, Mrs. J. B. Cray.Mrs. Gaines Dudley has returned to her home in Carlisle after a-visit with her sister, Mrs. W. D. McIntyre. Mrs. Monroe Leer and babyreturned home from a visit with hersister, Mrs. Charles Carrington, inIrvine.Mrs. Roy E. Pope and littledaughter, of Ashland, are visitingher parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. E.3ruce.Mrs. T. M. Perry, of Owinsville,has returned home after an extended visit with her mother, Mrs. Thos.McClintock.Misses Lavina and MargueriteLayson were honor guests at a valentine party in Denville given by.Miss Edith Guttery.Mrs. Chas. Carrington and chil'dren and Miss Mary McDaniel, ofIrvine, are visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel.Quite a number of our youngpeople, chaperoned by Mrs. D. P.-Jones and Miss Ethel Fisher, attended the Harold Bauer concert at Lexington, Friday.Mrs. Albert Evans entertainedlier Sunday school class of the Methodist church at her apartments witha valentine party. Master J. C.Leer won the prize for shooting the.heart of a valentine. ,o 'We used to hear women talk about"having nothing to wear, but most ofthem seem to be almost in that fixJ0.OW.oThiags are never quite so bad theycouldn't be worse. As the ColumbiaRecord points out, there is no wartax on watermelons.DEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayVirgil B. Taylor, aged six months,son of Washington .and Mary Faulkner Taylor, died Sunday morning atthe home of his parents, near Hutchison, after a short illness. The funeral was held at three o'clock yesterday afternoon, with services conducted at the grave in the Paris cemetery by Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor ofthe Paris Presbyterian church.TERRY.E. E. Terry, aged forty-nine, diedSaturday afternoon at five o'clock ofcancer of the stomach, at his homenear North Middletown. He ia survived by one brother, J. E. Terry, ofMillersburg, and one sister, Mrs.Alta Perkins, of Gelford, Indiana.Funeral services were held yesterday morning at the Mt. Carmelchurch, followed by interment in theNorth Middletown Cemetery.DOTSONGreenberrv N. Dotson. acred sixtv-eight, a native of Nicholas county,diea at nis home near iJrentsville,this county, yesterday morning, following a long illness due to a complication of diseases.Mr. Dotson is survived by two sisters, Mrs. Martha Kenton, Dayton,0., and Mrs. Malinda Earlywine, ofSpencer county, and four brothers,R. W. Dotson, Bourbon county, J. L.Dotson, Nicholas county, F. M. Dotson, Paris, and J. L. Dotson, Jr.,Louisville.The funeral will be held at thefamily home at eleven o'clock tomorrow (Wednesday) morning. Thebody will be taken to Bald Hill, inNicholas county, for interment.HOWKMrs. Mary C. Howk, aged ninety-two,one of the best-known women of Harrison county, died at anearly hour Friday morning at herhome in Cynthiana, following a longillness, due to the infirmities of age.Mrs. Hawk is survived by two sons,Charles and George Howk, of Cynthiana. The funeral was held at the familyresidence in Cynthiana, Saturday afternoon, with services conducted byRev. E. G. Davis, assisted by Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The intermentfollowed on the family lot in BattleGrove Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere Todd Whaley, W. R. Leek, C.A. Renaker, Jim Chowning, "W. L.Northcott, C. M. and J. B. Simpson.fi?OurSacrificeSaleWill enable you topurchase high gradeWinterClothingandFurnishingsJust when you needthem AT A VERY LOWPRICE.Price & Co.SPECIALBoys' Knee Pants$1.00TRIBBLEMrs. Martha Tribble, agedeighty-eight, one of the pioneer residents of Nicholas county, died atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. MaryHamm, in Carlisle, Friday night, asthe result of infirmities of age.Mrs. Tribble was the widow of Jas.A. Tribble, who preceded her to thegrave 'forty years ago. She was adaughter of William and PatseyRupard, of Clark county, her husband being a native of Clark county.Mr. and Mrs. Tribble moved to Nicholas county about sixty years ago.Mrs. Tribble is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Mary Hamm, withwhom she made her home; two sons,Lou M. Tribble, of Paris, and Jos.Tribble, ofPlorida, and one brother,A. H. Rupard, of Winchester.The funeral and burial took placeat Carlisle, Sunday afternoon, withservices conducted by the pastor ofthe Carlisle Baptist church.BETTISAnderson B. Bettis, aged eightyfive, a native of Eobertson county,died in the Massie Hospital,in this city, yesterday morning, ofthe infirmities of age. Mr. Bettis hadbeen an inmate of the County Infirmary for several years, and wasbrought to the Hospital a few daysago for treatment.Thirty years ago Mr. Bettis, whilea resident of Mt. Olivet, invested onedollar in a ticket in the LouisianaState Lottery, which brought himthe handsome return of $15,000. Heinvested part of the proceeds in anice farm, on which he resided formany years. Finally disposing of thefarm, he moved to Nicholas county,and from there to Bourbon- Financial reverses overtaking him, he wascompelled to become a charge on thebounty of the county, and was takento the Infirmary, where he resided tothe time he was removed to the Hospital. So far as can be ascertainedhe had no family and no relatives inthis vicinity.The funeral will be held this afternoon, with services conducted atthe grave in the Paris Cemetery.o"Come into my parlor, said thespider to the fly." David WarkGriffith must be truly a brave manto come into Kentucky at the invitation of Gov. Morrow, despite theawful risk he ran, since he mustknow that he had hardly one chancein a million of getting out of Kentucky without being made a Colonelon Morrow's staff. But it seems hehe was lucky, after all.HELP WANTEDYoung men, women, over 17, desiring government positions, $130monthly, write for free -list of positions now open. J. Leonard, (former Civil Service examiner). 935Equitable Building, Washington,D, C. (adr)Alamo TheatreGrand Opera House;..--" .1HSj All-First National Program sSf gToday, Tuesday, Februay 21stThos. H. Ince ",. PresentsMOTHER 0 MINEJ5Featuring Lloyd Hughes, Betty Blythe, Joseph Kitty .Kilgour, Betty Ross ClarkClaire McDowellAdapted by C. Gardner Sullivan from 'The Octopus," by Charles Belmont Davis. One of Thos. H. Ince'p all star productions, enacted by a flawless cast.Also 14th Episode of "Breaking Through'9 and Snub Pollard ComedyWednesday and Thursday, February 22nd and 23rdTHRILLING BEYOND WORDS!A HARMONY OF ALL THE EMOTIONS!BEAUTIFUL BEYOND DESCRIPTON!PASSION"POLA NEGRI "The Famous Continental Star, inA Mighty Epic of the Screen Two Years to Produce Cast of 5000 The Love Story of AH Love StoriesNine reels that seem but five, so swiftly moving its intimate scenes and mighty dramatic crises. Exquisite intimate comedy! Breath-catching thrills! Stupendous Panoramas! The love story of all love stories! 5,000 in stupendous scenes! Theacme of dramatic art.ADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20c. MATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go Byinterest in the work and welfare ofthe order. Here's to "Colonel"Dudley. May you soon rise to therank of General!WOLLSTEIN SEIDLINGA telegram to Mrs. Louis Wollstein, of Paris Saturday morningvbore tidings announcing the wedding,in Oklahoma City, Okla., Friday, ofher daughter, Miss Hazel Wollstein,to Mr. Oscar Seidling, of that city.The bride left Paris a few weeksnorn for a visit at the home of hersister, Mrs. David Bachrach, in Okla-homa City, and to Mr. and Mrs.George Schwartz, in Purcell, Oklahoma. Mr. Seidling was a guest atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Bachrach,and the result of the meeting betweenthe Kentucky girl and Mr. Seidlingwas a genuine love-at-first-sight.From this casual acquaintance the romance proceeded to its fulfillmentwhen the young couple were married.The announcement of Miss Wollstein's marriage came as a surpriseto her mother and her brothers, Selloand Harold Wollstein, of Paris. Herfather, Louis Wollstein, left Paris afew days ago, en route to visit hisdaughters, but stopped over at HotSnrinp-K. Ark., for a few days stay.The bride is one of the loveliest;and most charming young women oParis whose personal charm and graciousness made her a universal favorite and a host of warm friends.Mr. Seidling is a prominent youngbusiness man of Oklahoma City, coming there very recently from NewYork, where he had been engaged inbusiness. 'T'TTT?. WRWS wisshes Mr and Mrs.Seidling a long and happy married.. 3 -uli i 4-V -nricVi nf all wnnHie, ana tins is me " - " yknow the fair bride.Another trouble with some men isthat when they haven't anything tosay they insist on saying it.oWhen a man tells a girl he hasbeen misunderstood all his life sheknows exactely what is coming next.It not infrequently happens that afellow who gets stuck on himselfalso gets stung.o 1We are all of the opinion thatthere are just as able men out ofCongress as there are' in iThis is the time of year when it ishard to interest people in the priceof coal next winter.As a general rule, when a manthinks he is fooling others he is onlyfooling himself.The foot that rocks the cradle canalso put a quietus on baby's fatherwhen it is put down firmly.oMost of us are prone to worry moreabout other people's morals thanabout our own.rewhcLODGE NOTESaOUR SEMI-ANNUALRathbone Lodge, K. of P., of Paris,will celebrate the Pythian Period 58on the night of Thursday, February23, with a business meeting and social session at their Caslte Hall inthe Wilson building.The District meeting of the Rebekah Assembly I. O. O. F. of Kentucky will convene in Paris onThursday night, February 23. Delegates from surrounding towns whoattend will be guests of 'Paris Rebekah Lodge No. 7.Grand Master E. B. January, and Grand Secretary R.G. Elliott have made a propositionto the Odd Fellows lodges in theState that they will furnish a roomof two beds in the new hospitalbuilding at the Odd Fellows' Homeand dedicate to the lodge showingthe largest increase in membershipduring the month of April and alsoto furnish a room with six beds forthe lodge that takes in the largestnumber of members between January 1 and July. 1.Win. W. Dudley, of Paris, hasBeen' promted to ax position on thestaff of Brigadier-General James E.McCracken, of the Uniform RanK,Knights of Pythias, as Signal Officer,with the rank of Colonel. Mr. Dudley has for yeaTs Been reeieciearetain of A. J. Lovely Co., No. 34,TJ. R. of K. P., Paris, and, perhaps noman in the State has taken a deeperCLEAN SWEEP SALE !Brings you the greatest Shoe' Bargains of the year.Buy this week at this great sale at one-half and one-I third reductions.See These Wonderful Bargains Now!One Lot Ladies' Tan Lace Boots andOxfords, rubber heels also in BlackKid $4.00 $5,00 gradesClean Sweep SaleS2.95Ohe Lot of Ladies' Boots and Oxfordsin black kid, high and low heels, onsale at half price.Clean Sweep Sale$1.99Ladies' $5.00 New Spring Oxfords inTan Kid and Tan Calf Leath- frO J Cers. Eale price 4) J.TuLadies' $2.00 Black and Gray QQpFelt House Slippers now at UUULadies' $1,150 Beautiful Felt QQpHouse Slippers now at 3uuMisses and Children's $3.00 TanEnglish Lace Boots reduced frl QQChildren's $2.50 Lace English fr 1 QBoots reduced to J 1 .09Boys' and Youths' $3.00 Tan andGun Metal School Shoes, all sizes 11up to 5 1-2. Reduced 1 QQMen's $5,00 Tan English Dress Shoes,Goodyear welt soles. Reduced to$2.9952.49 $1 .99Special lpt of Men's Elk Work Shoes,in smoke and tan color, while (1 QCthey lastchoice J .QjOur Entire Line of Rubbers atPrice-Sweeping ReductionsWalk-Over-Shoes, $8.00, $9.00 and$10.00 grades, reduced to$4.9555.95DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Rcij nJKm.$S.K. .rj'r 'VfTK.&:yuX-.TUte1f -v af,l1. 9 -s "t, i4f UV'V W.tfp Witt? Y3cX4t-.i5LOv .vU .. ..K 3' J-.?4A-4