THEBOURBONNEWSf'J' VI -,.s$" tr V 'jVPUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.jft j 4t AVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, F3I3AY, 02T03IR 27, 1922&QT XAVIER P. H. S. FOOTBALLGAME TO-DAYMore interest is being shown inParis and Bourbon county in the St.Xavier game than has ever beenshown in any football game everplayed in this city. It seems nowthat the largest crowd will attendthis game that we have ever had.Many changes have been made inthe Paris Hi line in the last twoweeks, which improved the fightingspirit of the team a hundred percent. Every day during the pastweek darkness has driven the fortyor more players from the field andCoach Ward expects to put into thefield Saturday the most formidablefootball machine that has ever represented the Paris High School.Ward has his whole attention onthe St. Xauvier game and will notdiscuss any other game until this isover. Paris High schedule is veryhard from now until Thanksgiving,and football followers in this section are expecting to see some oftlie best football ever played here.Every arrangement possible is being made to take care of the crowdSaturday.The probable line-up of the twoteams will be as follows:ST. XAVIER Chawk L. E.;Schook L. T.; Wagner L. G.; Luber C; Stenerie R. T.; Hess(Capt.) R. E.; Richardson R.H.; Vaughn L. H.; Allgeier R.G ; Rhodes F. B.; Weber Q. B.PARIS HI R. E. Dalzell or McCarthy; R. T. McCann or Christman;R. G. Strother, Prewitt orTaylor; C. Rose or Taylor; L. G.Alexander or Baldwin; L. T.Coughlm or Christman; L. EScott, Burnett or Williams; Q. B.Deakens or Connell; F. B. Nash;r. h. Deakens or Dundon; L. H.Tucker or Burnett.Nash, of Georgetown, and Arnsparger, of Centre College, will havecharge of the game.The time has been moved from3:00 to 2:15, to allow the Louisville players to return Saturdaynight.The Junior class will donate amotor truck in green and gold forSt Xavier players. The Seniorclass is preparing a similar truckwith the black and orange for theHigh School. A parade of the principal streets of Paris will be heldimmediately befor.e the game.. oTOBACCO GROWERS CO-OPERATIVEEXCHANGE FORMED- The American Tobacco Growers'Co-operative Exchange was broughtinto being at a meeting of representatives of tobacco growers' co-operativeassociation of the UnitedStates and Canada, in Louisville.Formation of the federation cameat the final session of a twd-day conference. Jas. C. Stone, of Lexington,president of the ( Burley v TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative MarketingAssociation, was elected first president of the exchange. W. 0. Wilson,of Raleigh, N. C, field service director for the Tri-state TobaccoGrowers' Co-aptrative MakteringAssociation, was elected secretary.Exchange headquarters were placedat the burley headquarters in Lexington. Concentration of the strength ofthe tobacco co-operatives for theprotection and ,profit of each member association "was brought aboutdirectly by adoption of a resolutionoffered by J. Y. Joyner, of Lagrange,N. C. The resolutionstated:"Resolved, that the present organization and temporary officers bemade permanent and that' an executive committee composed of thepresident of each co-operative association represented, with James C.Stone as chairman and AaronSapiro as general counsel, be approved with full power to act in allmatters for the exchange until itsnext meeting."In addition to the burley association and the tri-state association,there were represented at the meeting the Canadian Tobacco Growers'Co-operative Association, the Connecticut Valley Tobacco Growers'Association and the Northern Wisconsin Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Pool.i Ja.COURT NEWSTHE BIG HALLOWE'EN CELEBRATION TUESDAYThe big Hallowe'en Communityentertainment to be held next Tuesday night in front of the court housebids fair to be a record event "inParis in point of 'attendance and variety of entertainment.A $5 prize for the most Qriginalconstume, $5 prize for the mostcomical costume and $5 prize forbest historical costumes, will bring Georgetown College ever turned out,PARIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESArrangements have bem completed by which Mr. Colliver C.Dawes, bookkeeper in the First National Bank, will become head coachof the Paris High School basketball teams for this season. This isone of the most fortunate things forthe Paris High School athletics thathas happened in recent years. Mr.Dawes is one of the best athletesTHIRD NUMBER IN P. H. S. LYCEUM. COURSEThe Kaufman Male Quartettewill give the third performance inthe Lyceum course Monday evening,October o0. This program promisesto be quite as splendid as that rendered by the Electa Hunt Companylast Tuesday evening.The Kaufman Male Quartette isconsidered one of the best musicalorganizations in America. All. themembers have had extensive training and wide experience in concertwork. All are gifted soloists.The repertoire of the Kaufmanartists covers a wide range of musical literature. It includes boththe heavier selections of the operasand the lighter popular songs thatappeal to everyone.Those who heard the Electa HuntComnany should not miss the opportunity of hearing another excellentmusical program Everybody come.CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW..THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FOECOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES AREUOW DTTE AND PAYABLE. . CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMPANY. C. X. THOMAS,(13 tf Collector.oRUMMAGE SALES AND OTHERSALESA suit has been filed in the Bourbon Circuit Cour.t, by Raymond Connell, attorney, requesting the Courtto direct Master Commissioner 0. T.Hinton to take charge of the estateof the late Thomas P. (Kirby)Woods, sell the property, and afterpaying the indebtedness of the deceased, to divide the remainderanong his heirs. There are fortyseven persons represented in the petition, forty-two of whom are legalheiis. The petition is directedagainst George L. Doyle, as administrator of Thomas P. Woods, andothers.In the County Court E. A. Taberwas given a Hearing oerore juageGeorge Batterton on the charge, ofhunting without a license, preferredby Game Warden A. W. Bullock, andwas assessed a fine of $24.Jack Williams, who was arrestedby Patrolman George W. Judy on acharge of durnkenness and disorderly conduct, was arraigned beforeCounty Judge George "Batterton.Wednesday, and was fined $15 andcosts.Thomas Patrick, of North Middletown, who was arrested in Mt.Sterling some time ago, chargedwith having whisky' in his automobile truck, was tried in the Montgomery Circuit Court at Mt. Sterling, Wednesday. The jury afterdeliberating for some time, failed toagree, and the case will be heardagain at the January term. Patrickwas represented in court by JudgeTJenis Dundon, of Paris.out an attractive display of costumes. Everybody from everywhereis invited to participate in this costume contest. Mrs. W. G. Talbott,Mrs. James McClure, Mr. HarryKerslake, and Mr. John T. Davishave consented to act as judges inthe costume event. The judges willreview the costumes in a grandmarch, beginning promptly at 7:30p. m.For the best window displays ofa Hallowe'en nature a first prize of$15, a second prize of $10 and athird prize of $5 has been offered.The judges in the window contestwill not be announced until afterthe results of the decision have beenannounced Tuesday night. Everymerchant in Paris, whether a Mainstreet merchant or not, providingtheir window js dressed in a Hallowe'en setting and ready for display not later than Monday eveningwill be considered an entrant in thewindow contest. Invitations havebeen extended through the schoolsto every section of Bourbon county,and weather permitting, a largecrowd is expected to attend.Community games, under the direction of Mrs. J. C. Nickarson andassistants, will be enjoyed by theyoung folks on the court house lawn.Zaza-Allah, the mysterious fortuneteller, will read your future. Everything will be absolutely free.There will be a band concertthroughout the entire entertainment.All merchants are urged to dresstheir windows with Hallowe'en settings and illuminate their windowsunt I'j after the entertainment is over.Mr. w. nagan, cnairman or meCommittee on Decorations and Arrangements, reports that everythingwill be in readiness by 7:30 p. m.,Tuesday evening. All people of thecounty are requested to come in asguests of the city of Paris and spenda pleasant evening next Tuesday.Dress up the children in costumesand perhaps they will win a prize.All people in Paris are requestedto come down town Tuesday nightand iom in the festivities. Letlss.'make it a Hallowe'en celebration tobe long remembered. Full programwill be in this paper next Tuesday morning.TAXPAYERS NOTICEana was one of the most popularteachers Paris High School ever hadand is to-day one of the most valuable business men in the city. Parents, teachers and students of theParis High School are enthusiasticover the basket ball prospects under the direction of Mr. Dawes.Miss Nell Robins, efficient athletic director of the girls' team, willagain direct the framing of thegirls team, assisted by Misses Lil-lard. Woodruff and Blakev. Prospects were never brighter for winning teams, both boys and girls,than at the present time.oSORRY WE CAN'T COMELAST SHOOT -OF SEASON.Through E. G. Kingsbury, Secretary, the Winchester Chamber ofCommerce has extended an invitation to the people of Paris to attenda monster Hallowe'en celebration tobe given in that city on Tuesdaynight, October 31. The invitationwas extended in the form of a personal letter to Mayor E. B. January,asking the people of Paris to "comeover and be neighborly."Sorry we can't come, as our ownCommercial Club and the Commuuity Service are planning for a bigcelebration to be held on the streetsof Paris on the same night. Localpride compels us to say that nothingWinchester can offer in the way of acelebration could induce us to desertHour old home town on that night.In past years Paris had the reputation of having greaters Hallowe'encelebrations in Central Kentucky,and we are sure from advance information we have had, that the onebeing planned for this year will bein all respects fully equal to thoseof the past. Our regards, Winchester! Come over and see us!AMERICAN LEGION QUARTERS INCOMMUNITY HOUSEThe Bourbon Gun Club will holdits last shoot of this season on theafternoon of November 1. Say,boys, this will' be some shoot, for wewill have seven trophies to giveawayxto the first seven high guns.Conditions are as follows: 100 fargets with added bird handicap. ' Asthe afternoons are getting so shortno shooter will bev allowed to enterfor the trophies unless he is on thegrounds and entered before 2:30.Shooting will start promptly at 1:00o'clock, so please make an effort tocome early. You know you can ifyou just will. These trophies havebeen kindly donated by the following good fellows, and will be awarded as follows:Hat, donated by Price & Co.Country ham, donated by WoodBuckner.Box Cigars, donated by McClintock Bros.' Pool Room.Turkey, donated by CrombiePoultry Co.Box Cigars, donated by James &Williams' Pool Room.Turkey, donated by N. F. Brent.$5.00 in trade, donated by RocheDrug Co.Visitors welcome.NOTICE TO TAX PAYERS.THE TIME LIMIT IS GROWINGSHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IN THECOURT HOUSE AND LIST YOURTAXES.BEN W00DF0ED,(tf) Tax Commissioner.k gSUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATIONVoters who on account of absencefrom the city, sickness or sicknessin the family were prevented fromregistering on the regular registration day may register at the countyclerk's office at the court house onMonday, Tuesday or Wednesday, October 30, 31 and Nov. 1. Unlessthey are registered they cannot voteHEALTH AND WELFARE LHAGTTELECTS' OFFICERSAt a special meeting" of the Bour-bon County Health and WelfaraTLeague for the eleefibh of- oMcmethe following were elected to ssrrtfduring 1923:President, Mrs. FrasS: P? Lowry;'First Vice-president, Mrs. J&jbmMcClure; Second Vice-preibfmt,Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton; Recording's:-retary, Mrs. Harry KeraJal&jCbfcMl1- -pondingSecretary, Mrs. Henry A.Power; Treasurer, Mrs. Anna BrUc'Hinton; Members of the Board,Mrs. Harry B. Clay, Mrs. A. J. Winters, Mrs. Wm. G-. Talbott, Mrs.Louis Rogers, Mrs. George W. Clay,Mrs. Thos. F. Roche, Mrs. O. " B.Crockett, Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.,Messrs. W. H. Whitley, Ed. H.Gorey, A. B. Hancock, James McClure and Catesby Spears.The president, Mrs. Frank P.Lowcy, and Mrs. James McClurawere elected as delegates to atteni. -theDistrict Convention to be heldat Frankfort. Mrs. Wm. O. Hintonwas appointed chairman of the penny lunch and Mrs. Dennis Dundon,charman of the Press Committee.A splendid report of the year'swork was submitted by the VisitiaNurse, Mrs? Harriet Minaker, whichwas adopted and filed with, otherrecords of the League. The chairman of the penny lunch reportedthat the School Board had made awonderful improvement in the room. vwhere the lunch is served. Thelunch was opened on October 8.Plans for securing funds for carrying on "the work of the League fduring the coming winter were discussed. It is earnestly requestedthat .everyone able to become a $10member do so at once. Or, if youcannot do so at this time, please payyour regular dues of $1.00 at theFirst National Bank before the firstof November.CONTRIBUTIONS E0R THE COMMUNITY HOUSENotify Lucien Arnsparger, H. ,G. -next year.. i, -nt,i - !. ,- ,, nasiitu ur r mueu vv. uaiiuwav, u.other election before November of yu .h,a.ve a.ny contribution towardiurnismng tne American .uegionapartments in the new CommunityHouse, at the corner of Broadwayand High. They will see that it iscalled for.MIS-.WILLTO AVOID ERRORS ANDUNDERSTANDINGS WENOT PAY TAXES FOR OUR CUST0MERS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRITCTED TO DO SO.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANE..PEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANKTRUST CO.,MANDBOURBON -AGRICULTURALBANKCHAS. COHEN GIVEN ONE YEAR-IN JAILThe Junior Missionary Society ofthe Paris Methodist church willhold a pillow case sale in the offices of the Paris Realty Co., onMain street, on the first Saturday inDecember. At the same time anaplace the Friendship Bible Class ofthe same church, will hold a sale ofedibles.The Bourbon County Woman'sClub will hold a rummage sale inthe room in the Robneel building,lately occupied by the B. M. WheelerFurniture Co., on Friday and Saturday, October 27 and 28. Gifts ofclothing, hats, shoes, dishes, furniture, pictures, ornaments, anythingthat may be disposed of for cash willbe gratefully received.o- EPIDEMIC SUBSIDING& TRUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)rSTATE D. A. R. CONFERENCEAt Lexington, Wednesday night,the jury in the case of. CharlesCohen, Lexington shoe merchant,charged with maliciously . shootingand wounding Prof. Jos. W. Porter,fnrmerlv of Hamilton College, returned a verdict of guilty, as charged in the indictment, and was givena sentence of one year in the Fayette county jail.This was the third trial of Cohenfor the shooting. In each of theother trials the jury failed to agree.It took the jury which convictedCohen nearly four hours to reach averdict, the decision being renderedshortly before eight o'clock. (Prof. Porter has hundreds offriends in this city, many of whomwere pupils in his charge at Hamilton College in past years. When, thenews of the shooting reached Paris,it caused grief to those who knewand esteemed him as a man, and aneducator.oTHE NEXT ELECTIONThe Kentucky State D. A. R.Conference closed at Lexington lastnight after a two-days' session, during which programs of great interest were presented. Forty delegates,one hundred alternates and ten visitors from the thirty-five Chaptersin tne state were present. Mrs.William Rhodes, of Lexington, theState Regent, presided.Because of a defect in the title to'the land on which the D. A. R.school at Hueysville is located activities at the school have been at astandstill for the last six months,accarding' to a report read by Mrs.C. D. Chenault. Consequently theState board has decided to reconsider(choice of a location and to awaitaction of the 1922 conference. Several other offers of land have beenmade to the society by Perry, Booneand Elliott counties, the reportstated.The closing hours of the sessionhwere devoted to a varied program,intermingled with musical numbers,both vocal, and instrumental, reportsof various committees, and social intermingling of the delegates, officers and visitors.-Apartments in the newly-finishedCommunity Service House, at thecorner of Broadway and High,which was purchased some time agofor that purpose, have been allotedto the Bourbon Post, American Legion, who are starting a uniquecampaign for the purpose of furnishing their quarters. The members are asking for contributions offurnishings, .and furniture fromanyone desiring to help them furnish their rooms.Pieces suitable for furnishing theapartments will be used for thatpurpose, and the overplus will besold at public auction, later and theproceeds added to the furnishingfund. -Those desiring to make donationsfor this purpose can do so by notifying Lucien Arnsparger, at theMansfield-Jefferson Lumber Co., F.G. Hagan, in the First NationalBank Building, or Finnell W. Galloway, in the Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.. , oSPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYSVoters who were absent from thecity on October 3, 1922, betweenthe hours of 6:00 a. m. and 9:30 p.m., or were sick on that day canregister at the County Clerks officein the court house on Monday, October 30, Tuesday, October 31, andWednesday. November 1.oNEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)The fellow who "puts up a front"should also have a little somethingto back it up with.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSCHAPMAN MAKES TOBACCOSPEECH AT REVIVALinReports from various sections ofCentral Kentucky indicate that thediphtheria epidemic is subsiding.Only a few cases have. been reportedin the last ten days. Dust resulting from the longest drouth in manyyears, is partly blamed for the epidemic of bad colds, everywhere. ..Although there is but one contestthe coming election Democratsmust go to the polls on November 7,and keep the majority in Bourboncounty up to the standard. Onlythrough failure of Democrats to goto the polls can their candidates bedefeated. Over confidence is a serious and dangerous thing.p tFire. Wild aid Lifhtnimf Injur-tce.In Cheatham county, Tenn., theleaders of a Baptist revival meetinginvited Virgil Chapman, of Paris,speaker for the association, topreach the doctrine of co-operativemarketing to the assembled farmers.Mr. Chapman demurred at first andthen realizing that the question wasuppermost in the minds of the people, consented. "Ye shall know thetruth, and the truth shall make youfree," he read as a text and continued with a clear explanation of theprinciples of the marketing plan.At the conclusion of Mr. Chapman'stalk the ministers again took chargeof the meetingSCHOOL BOARDS HELD AS SOLEJUDQES .A NEW PAPERiTHOMAS. W00D0W) 4 BRYAN tory iimtts:The latest entry in the newspaperfield in The Independent, publishedat Augusta, the first issue of whichcame out on October 19. The newI paper is under the editorial andbusiness management of M. C. FloraFiscal Courts have no alternative an experienced newspaper man. Itbut to levy a capitation tax ordered is published by the Ohio Valleyby the County Board of Education, 'Publishing Co., a corporation ofthfr Court of AnDeals held. The seventy prominent citizens, of Brack-Court held that the board is the sole en. county, with a- capital stock of jjudge of the needs of the school and $10,000. . The office ifr well-equippedFiscal Courts have, no alternative with a. modern outfit, and starts ourbut -to levy, a tax within the statu with .av promising-array: of adyertifcinland local newsr -LCoats That Flareand Coats That Don'tVariety that's what the new coats provide, andcertainly thsy are varied enough to make selection a source of pleasure. In styling and fabricthey provide for every need, and in trimmingah, there is where they excel themselves meeting every taste, be it simple or elaborate; Fabricsare lovely, prices are moderate what more canone ask?FRANK &CG.LADIES' OUTFITTERSii1 I,.-,H0 '"Nf if ,-""!-v"-VV. j J i&r f" V, ' "v-rf - y iTHE BOURBON NEWSpit&Uitked 18P'--41 Years of Continuous PublicationMtlisjied Eyery Tuesday and FridayPer Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payablt Pasn in Advance.PWHT CHAMP Editor and Owner.tCJBatered at the Paris, Kentucky,'Pofftoffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OTO rOBEIGN BEPBESENTA-TIVES.Hew York American Press Association. Chicago-rLod & Thomas.Philadelphia-N. W. Ayers & Son..Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLotiisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pernch for first time; 50 cents per inchjM.cn subsequent insertion.'Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineacta, issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andgimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or.ther matter for publication.Announcements for political offices.fciust invariably be accompanied byathe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofmny person, firm or corporationrhich may appear in the columnstof THE BOURBON NEWS will be.fladly corrected if brought to the-attention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSThere are all kinds of people inthe world including those whohaven't time to say a kind wordabout anybody. And there's a worldf them right here in Paris.."The great trouble with mostfault finders we know is that theyBee only the fault, and when thisgets to be a habit, they have becomeblinded to all the good in life."New Jersey Woman Used Telephone For First Time in FortyYears." reads a newspaper headline.That seems like a long time to waitfor a call even in these rushingdays.The man who does not share inthe success of others is bound to bea. sad person. No failure can injurethe man who feels that the goodluck of his neighbors and friends is.a joy to himself.'Our favorite pest to-day is the'fellow who reminds you that it willeoon be time to begin worryingabout having enough coal in thecellar, or seeing that the gas stoveis in good working order.' A certain Paris man recently hada. birthday anniversary and a few ofhis friends dropped in to help him-celebrate the event. There wereeight men, thirty sandwiches, fortytwo pickles, and three hours of.euchre. Now, guess how . old ourfriend was!"We hear a great deal about thewoiderful instinct which enables a.-mother seal to recognize her own:youg one out of a pack of a thousand or so, but what about the manwho unhesitatingly picks out hisown particular flivver from the middle of a flock of -Lizzies,The baluchitherium (a fosil animal with a skull five feet long) wasnot much on mentality the scien-jtists kave discovered. An expert.. . . . .'says: His eating equipment was.much better than his brain-box."Xooks like a great many Paris men-we -kaow surely descended from some.such amimal as the one above men-tioned.How cunning are the little pigs'That wiggle, run and dance,'To keep the measly flies awayBecause they have no pants;They are so innocent and mild,So kittenish at play,1 leve to watch them as they gruntThe careless hours away;I love them for their curly tails,"Their curious, wobbly legs;JBut most I love them just becauseITheyH soon be ham and eggs.'Oh. ae of his recent travelingtrips through Central Kentucky;Bob Goggin, the "well-known trav- jeling man," of Paris, met a youngs-ter wko was busily engaged inscratching his head, as if seeking anIdea. Tfctr. Goggin naturally askedth boy what he was digging for.THe bay hesitated a moment, andthem remimed his research work-with, kis fingers. After a few mojfttat's silence he replied to Mr.PAGE TWOsGoggin's query: "Well, mister, Iguess it's because nobody else knowsjust where my nead itches."Bowing to the inevitable is aform of politeness which' all mayindulge, and that without takingany "lessons in etiquette.In' times gone by the women woreGowns called Mother Hubbard;To-day the style resembles moreThat dear old lady's cupboard.After reading some of the fishstories that have been appearing in'the Kentucky papers we have concluded that they must be responsible for the prevailing opinion thatfish is a brain food.j !It looks like the farmers who"pooled their tobacco in the Co-operativeAssociation will have plenty, ofmoney for Christmas this year whenthey receive checks for their shareof that nftyfour million pounds oftobacco sold some time ago.A Paris restaurant man told usthe other day that one of his customers, a Nicholas county man, recently came to his place, and aftereating a hunk of cheese, qrackers, acan of tomatoes, several slices ofbread, a can of peaches and threeeggs, said he wasn't very hungry.He said what he had eaten wasmerely a light lunch, consideringthat a man's stomach is only supposed to hold nine quarts of food ata time. '--'Some time ago in. an adjoiningcounty a young man by the name ofSample after many years of ardentwooing, captured the heart andhand of a handsome young womanby the name of Rose. A wag whoattended the wedding, when extending his congratulations, said:"May your pathway through life bescattered with roses and your present happiness be a sample of thefuture." To which we would add,in a poetizing way:"Single life hath many woes,Married life hath pleasures ample,At the proffered bliss Rachel RoseAnd straightway took a Sample."NO TORGETTINa POLITICSObservers generally agree thatpartisan politics is undergoing agradual transition in this countryand that the average voter is wearing the party ties more loosely thanever before, resulting in the continued growth of the independentmovement. There are few, however, that would venture to predictthe obligation of party ties in Kenlucky, where politics long has beenregarded as an institution.Although conditions are differentfrom the time of the late Col. Robt.G. Ingersoll, the noted agnostic, whoonce declared that he "would believe in the existence of hell whenever Kentucky went Republican,"and never recanted when the Stateelected a Republican Governor m1895, Kentucky has gone one wayand another until it is recognized asa debatable-"State. Every thirdparty has found a foothold in Kentucky, and the effect has been tostir up rather -than allay partisanship.With two elections every year, politics in Kentucky is just one thingafter another. This is regardedmore than anything else as fosteringpartisan feeling, in this State. Before one campaign is over another ison the way, and "the people have nochance to forget politics for- even alimited time. .. ...,NEAE EAST BELIEFBoth the American and 'Canadiangovernments have been asked toprovide a refuge for five thousand"children without a country," according to an announcement ofjChas. V. Vickrey, General Secretaryf fhO WOOK Poof DnlinC" "- - j-ici. cii,These youngsters, whose evacuation from Near East Relief orphanages in the Asiatic districts of Constantinople because of the militarysituation, was. announced last week,are now being cared for temporarilyin relief orphanages on the European side, which are dangerouslyovercrowded, according to Mr. Vickrey, who said that relief officialsoverseas have been unable to secureother quarters.The Near East Reiief also announced that the steamship "Orient".carrying two thousand tons of flourpurchased by the-Near East Relieffrom the American Helief Administration several days ago, just afterthe steamer had passed Gibraltarhwill discharge this food at Piraeusto feed refugees from the Smyrnaregion concentrated there and atnearby points, including the island, in tne Aegean.The world may be, as the expertssay, on the brink of ruin. But wenotice it withstands a lot of shoving -and pushing.: OOne of the very best ways to losea friend is to loan him money." ' inTHE -BOURBONMBWS, v PARIS,fJiio-Tj- J'imow imvoMi wtboutwkal -SundaySchool' Lesson T(By REV. P. B. FITZWATER, D. D.,Teacher of English Bible In the MoodyBlblfr Institute of Chicago.)Copyright. 192 J. Western Newspaper UbIoeLESSON FOR OCTOBER 29MESSIAH'S MINISTRY (WORLD'STEMPERANCE SUNDAY)LESSON TEXT Ia. 61:1-9. 'GOLDEN TEXT Righteousness exaltelh a. nation! but sin is a reproachto any people. Prov. 14:34.RjgFEREQE MATERIAlr-Matt. 7:15207 Rom. 14:13.PRIMARY TOPIC How Four Boys Became Healthy and Happy. Dan. 1:3-20.JUNIOR TOPIC Destroying the World'sEnemy. .INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICThe Next Step in the Prohibition Campaign. YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICProgress of Prohibition Throughout the"World.The lessou committee has gratuitously named this lesson "World-wideProhibition." Neither the text nor thecontext, directly or implied, says anything about prohibition as we understand the use of the word. However,when Messiah shall reign upon theearth the rum traffic with all otheriniquitous practices will be abolished.1. Messiah's Commission (v. 1).He was appointed by the Lord.God's plan for the world is a time ofpeace and blessing.jll. Messiah's Program (vv. 1, 2).Messiah's program is twofold: to"proclaim The acceptable year of theLord, and the day of vengeance ofour God." The careful reading ofLuke 4:18-21 will show that Jesussuspended reading of this passage atthe comma, in Isaiah 61:2. His firstcoming opened up the day of "graceand the acceptable year of the Lord,"and His second coming will usher in"the day of vengeance of our God."(II Thess. 1:7-10; cf. Mai. 3:1-3).1. Proclaiming the Acceptable Yearof the Lord (vv. 1, 2). In His ministryof grace He preached (1) "good tidings to the meek." "Meek" heremeans not only a grace, but a condition, that is, those in poverty andaffliction. (2) "Bind up the brokenhearted." "Bind up" signifies healing.(3) "Liberty to the captives." Thefigure of deliverance -from the Babylonian captivity is used to describedelherance from sin and death (Heb.2:15). '(4) "Opening of the prison tothem that are bound." Messiah'swork was to give deliverance to thosewho were enslaved by the consequences of their sins, (o) "The acceptable year of the Lord." Thismeans a space of time in 'which GodwTould accept all who repent of theirsins and come to Him.2. Proclaiming the day of vengeanceof God (v. 2). While the day of mercyis lengthened out, the time of judgment will surely come. The day oivengeance will break upon the worldwhen the Lord shall be revealed fromheaven (H Thess. 1:7-10). The periodof mercy is called "year," while theperiod-of vengeance is called "day,")showing that the period of mercy ismuch longer than the period of wrath.HI. The Blessings of Messiah'sKingdom (vv. 3-9).1. "Comfort all that mourn" (v. 2).The day of vengeance will bring sorrow to many, but they shall be coimforted when they shall see the Kingon the throne.2. T'Give unto them beauty forashes" (v. 3). This peculiarly appliesto Israel. , .:3;. "Oil of Joy for Mourning" (v. 3).Israel has been mourning for centuries. When the Messiah shall reignas King they shall be glad.4. "Garment of Praise for the SpiritI Heaviness", (v. 3). Instead ofwearing the symbol of the burden ofsin they- shall be clothed so as to indicate their Joyfulness.5. "Called Trees of , Righteousness"(v. 3). These trees represent Israelas planted by God and bearing fruit,not as reeds bowed down with sorrow. 6. "They Shall Build the OldWastes" (v. 4). Israel shall returnto their own land and shall rebuildthe city of Jerusalem and the citiesof Judah which lie waste.7. "Strangers Shall Stand and FeedYour Flocks" (v. 5). In the time ofthe kingdom the Gentiles shall rendervoluntary service unto Israel so thatIsrael may devote her whole time tothe service of God.8. "Ye Shall Be Named the Priestst of the Lord" (v. 6). God chose Israelto be the priestly nation to representHim to the Gentiles.9. "For Your Shame Ye Shall HaveI Double" (v. 7). Instead of the shameand confusion which Israel has experienced for centuries she shall havedouble honor and rejoicing.10. "I Will Direct Their Work, andMake a Covenant With Them" (vv. 8,9). God will vindicate His people andcause the Gentiles to see the divinefavor upon them.False Prophets.Believe not every spirit but try thespirits if they be of God, because manyfalse prophets are "gone out into theworld. John 4:1.Unjust ThingsHe that speaketh unjust thingscannot be hid, neither shall the chastising judgment pass him by. Book ofWisdom, 1:8.In th Sight of All Men.Provide things honest in the sightof all men, -Romans 12:17. .KENTUCKYL XT' l - PI 'AD'YE MIND THE TIMEWhen These Things Happened InParis, As Told in THENEWS' Files?DAYS OF ATJLD LANG SYNEThere's no denying that to mostof us there is a certain satisfactionin reviewing- the events of long ago,as they are presented to us, eithercasually .or by force of some reminiscent strain of the moment. Andto those who lived here in the longago the recalling of events in theold days of Paris affords a peculiarsatisfaction -all its own. They, perhaps, more than we who havegrown used to the old place, willappreciate these items, taken atrandom from a copy of THE BOURBON NEWS of Wednesday, January19, 1881:Bowen & Co. yesterday bought ofJ. S. Boyd, of Cynthiana, the racemare, Lucille Western, by Lexington, in foal to Springbrock.Mrs. Joe Hanly has been the -guestof Mrs. John A. Hanly for severaldays.Miss Annie Railey, of Lexington,is visiting her cousin, Miss CarrieHanson.A wedding is soon to take placebetween an uptown gent and adowntown belle.Rev. J. S. Sweeney's discourse onSunday evening was the ReligiousDoctrine of Conversion.Billy Hukill was shaking handswith his friends last week. It's agirl and weighs nine pounds.Theopholus Nix, formerly of thiscity, but now of Lexington, was presented by his wife with a bouncinggirl baby last week.The Humpty-Dumpty troup, whichplayed here last Thursday night,made a jump from Hamilton county,Ohio, to this place.Circuit Court is over and the boysare glad of it. They say it jvas thetoughest grand jury they ever hadthe pleasure of conversing with.A negro man came into THENEWS office one day last week andwas very much surprised to find thatwe used more than a single alphabetin printing our entire paper.Billy Arlington's Minstrels, thirtyin number, consisting of eight endmen, eight song and clog dancers,and ten comedians, are soon to appear in Lexington.The Maysville Republican saysthat Miles' Juvenile Opera will givetheir city "Chimes of Normandy"and "Pinafore," on Friday and Saturday evenings next. -When Jack Hitt and GeorgeBryan were in Italy, in asking thewaiters at the table whether themilk was that of a goat or cow, onejjf them would get down on all foursand butt or bellow as the occasionrequired.Col. W. W. Baldwin bought lastweek eight mules from Amos andJesse Turney, near Paris, and several head near Lexington. TheColonel handles on an average of100 head of mules and horses eachweek, principally mules.D. D. Conway, the clever youngclerk of 'the Johnson House, whilereaching on tip-toes to put out alight in the hallway of the hotel,got hung by his finger ring hookingon to the chandelier, and had to callassistance in order to get down.U January 17th, at the residence ofher son-in-law, W. W. Fisher, after a long and t patient suffering,"Mrs. Joanna Garth, 'died, in the 78thyear of her age. The deceased wasthe mother of the late Wm. Garth,whose beneficence will lemg be remembered by" the young men ofBourbon county . Funeral at theChristian church to-day at 2 o'clockp. m.It is to be" regretted that FredCooper rhaa-'been indicted in the caseof the "Citizens Bank robbery. Hehas 'heretof ore borne' a good reputation-a'nd At' isr-to be hoped that hecan prove his innocence.Oscar. Johnson, who for some timepast has 'been a salesman in theclothing store of J. L. Taylor & Co.,has resigned his clerkship in thathouse and left for Cincinnati, wherehe will engage in business. He hasmany friends here who wish himsuccess in his new field of labor.Pedestrians were scarce on thestreet yesterday. A solid cake of icecovered the streets and sidewalks.It was amusing to see a fellow'sfeet perform a revolution and his en-Uire body come in contact with theslippery ice.Persons desiring the best heatersand cookers in the market, woulddo well to call at Milligan &' Perry's,Paris, Ky., where a complete stockmay be found. The heater of THENEWS office is pronounced the bestin our city.. "THE NEWS announces the following candidates for office: RodneyHaggard, of Clark county, for Senator; Capt. F. Gano Hill, for Representative from Bourbon county; Jno.B. Northcott, for Sheriff, with B. F.Pullen as Deputy.F. G. White's famous dramaticcompany will appear at the operahouse in this city to-morrow evening; in Milton Noble's great success"Phoenix," under the title of "Risenfrom the Ashes" On Friday evening'they will produce Denman Thompson's laughable, comedy of rrJoshuaWhitcomb." On Saturday afternoon (matinee) "Rip Van Winkle,"and on Saturday evening John T.Raymond's greatest of creations,"Col, Mulberry Sellers." This is oneof the very beat companies ontheroad.The Kerners played here on Thursday night to' a crowded house, and'their entertainment heartily applauded all the way through theprogramme. .On the following nightthey played to a small house andcut the program, which was chieflyZr rehearsal of that of the previousnight. They would do well to notattempt a second night's performance in our small Kentucky towns.Among the unusual advertisements appearing in this issue ofTHE NEWS is the following: "Attention, Farmers! Having startedour fertilising tank in operation,again, we are prepared to pay thehighest market price for all kinds ofdead animals. Orders left withNicholas Kriener, at Paris, will receive our prompt attention."FRAKES BROS."Hon. Charles Offutt, Representative from Bourbon county in theLegislature, and one of the mostprominent members of the local bar,forms partnership with Pressley S.Ford, attorney, opening offices onBroadway. In a card published inTHE NEWS Mr. Offutt calls attention to the partnership, and asks thepatronage of the public.oADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.The sailors used to be very modest men. Anyway, we read that theyoften "skirted the shores."FOR SALEAn A-l fresh Jersey Cow; also afew choice Rhode Island Red pullets. MRS. O. C. HEDGES,(20-tf) Cumb. Phone 253.FOR SALE.Pure-bred Duroc-Jersey boars forsale at reasonable prices."WM. K. DUDLEY,R. F. D. 1, Hutchison, Ky.Cumb. Phone 3 3 3-J.(20-3t)Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Richard Strother, deceased, are hereby requested to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said Richard Strother, arehereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness. NEWTON STROTHER,Administrator of Richard Strother.(10-lmo)!GET YOUR BULBS NOW!We are displaying the moat complete assortment wehave eyerliad. The same high grade we use for ourown cut flower growing. Don't fail to investigate before buying. - nJOHN CHRISTMAN CO.FLORISTS-Ninefeenthf,St,Ner Main ' Both PhoneTry Us With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAny TimePRINTINGTHE NEWS JOBiMiMllilUilUHHtnillllMIIIIIIIIIIHiiiiiiiMKiWe HandleElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET1 1 muni 1 jFRIDAY, OCTOBEfc tl, UttINTERURBAN TIMETABLELexington-To Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. a.8:00 a. sa.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. a.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.tt- 2:00 p. m.3:00 p. a.4:00 p. n.5:00 p. sir6:0ft p. :7:t p. a.f:10 p. m.8:16 p. m. ""W-C10:05 p. m. '11:55 p. zn.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fart. 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or InQuantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTJ0NiONAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TEE-CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BABBEES-4Modem EquipmentExpert and Polite SerriceHOT iRD COLD BATHSBRIGHTEREVENINGSJust Historyla 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.1 .But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a bnttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incocipratsd)C"All WorkDelireredOn TimeDEPARTMENTAll Kinds ofNoveltiesOPP. COURT HOUSEParis tLexington7l05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 -iu m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. zn.4:05 p. m.5:0'5 p. m.8:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.&(A? -T'-rF -V- -- ' --f ,St- 1r-j.- -.$S3IfFRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1922'.T- TTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYpage nnroci75. Tv-?ze? smcMft3? millionlove7.1 C7i5 Ua superiorcigarette -I ,v4' L25 JH d mOne-Elevencigarettes15 for 10cyL&stvi&rica- iaOUE FLOEIDA LETTERHARKNESS FEES TO BE CLAIMEDRegardless of the outcome of theHarkness tax x:ase now in Court ofAppeals, steps will be taken to recover fees in excess of $5,000 obtained by Hogan Yancy, former attorney, and T. C. Bradley, formerSheriff of Fayette county, AttorneyGeneral Chas. I. Dawson said.In the settlement of the Harknesstax case Mr. Yancy and Mr. Bradley, according to petition filed inCourt of Appeals, each rceive $36,Court of Appeals, each received $36,that as the fees of the two officers inall probability would have reached$5,000 without the $36,000 Harkness tax fee, that an effort would bemade to recover the entire amountfrom each.The Court of Appeals had held,according to Attorney General Dawson, that county officers cannot receive more than $5,000 a year.o(By John Lodwick)St. Petersburg, Fla., Oct. 26.Special) According to the" calendar, winter is a trifle over twomonths away, yet "this resort where'1a goodly number of Paris, Ky., resi- Idents were visitors last season, is al- Jready entertaining many northernearly arrivals who dread any contact with dancing snow flakes, winUry blasts and heatless radiators.'Anticipating an unprecedentedrush of winter visitors this season,St. Petersburg stormed through another big building program duringthe summer, resulting in "the erection of three more new hotels,scores of new apartment houses andseveral hundred new bungalows.Almost the entire front of Centralavenue, the show street of the Southland, has undergone a change, butthe long and comfortable greenbenches that grace the wide sidewalks of the famous thoroughfare,set one in back of the other, fromthe water front westwards for adozen blocks, remain undisturbed.St. Petersburg may change itsbuildings every years, but the greenbenches where the East gossips withthe West and where the North fanswith the south, will always stay inCentral avenue. The green benchesare a St. Petersburg institution.While the fifth annual mid-winter"barnyard golf" tournamentwill not be held until late in February, plans for the staging of theNational athletic event and the entertainment of the visiting contestants are already under way. Themeet this winter will be" switchedfrom Williams Park to the WaterFront Baseball Park where additional accommodations for severalthousand more spectators will beprovide.The Williams Park stadium hasbeen outgrown as has been provenin the last two tournaments, whenhundreds were unable to obtain admission into the amphitheatre.America's best horse shoe pitcherswill be entered in next February'stourney, including Frank Ludin, ofNew London, la., the present National champion; Harold Falor, theAkron, O., boy marvel; Ralph Spen-jcer, Oklahoma State champion andfall ex-National champions, including Fred M. Brust, of Columbus,O.; C. C. Davis, Kansas City, Mo.;George May, Akron, O., CharlesBobbit, Lancaster, O., and FrankJackson, of Kellerton, la.First place winner in this winter's contest will be presented withTJinw o cf,'11 lfTr f flea txrV.0 U- &U1AU guiu mcuai uuu c iv,think that Muster will take the,?1-000 t0 COTer Ws teItaS explace of brains in an argument.oLaughter is the toboggan slide !that starts trouble down hill.When you feel ftejnervous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills gsgWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Props.', Cleveland. O.For Sale By0BEBD0BEER, THE DRUGGISTpenses.Not satisfied with having fourdifferent sets of booklets,, publishedfor free distribution to prospectivet tourists, the Chamber of CommerceInformation Bureau has- ordered200,000 new handsomely illustratedfolders which are. being mailed freeto those writing for them.SECOND CROP OF GRAPESJ. T.vVeatch and family, of Harrodsburg, are eating a second crop ofgrapes from their vines, a seasonalfreak said to be without a precedentin that section.ri$-DAY-$Saturday, Oct. 28Urn 1i. si ylOOO lbs. COFFEE5 ABOVE COST 'Groceries and Coffee are Advancing. This ' isYour Last Chance to Buy at These Prices500 lbs. Phoenix Cup Coffee, 3 lbs. for 1 .OO200 lbs. Golden Cup Coffee, 3 lbs. for $1.00200 lbs. Loose Roasted Coffee, 6 lbs. for $ 1 -OO100 lbs. University Club Coffee, 3 lbs. f or . . ..,.. T.OO20 bars P. & G. Soap and 2 boxes Washing 'Powder : $1.0040 bars Clean Easy Soap : $1 -OO14 bars Ivory Soap i $1 .OO14 bars Palm Olive Soap ' $ 1 0020 bars Sweet Heart Soap $1.0010 boxes Lux ' $1.005,000 lbs. Sugar, 12 lbs. for $1.004 one-pound cans Calumet Baking Powder $ 1 -OO5,000 lbs. Maple Leaf Flour,none better.24 lbs. $1 .OO5 lbs. Swift's Premium Lard $ 1 001 bushel Potatoes 1 .OO5 cans Palm Tree Table Peaches. . . $ 1 -OQ6 lbs. Fancy Prunes $ 1 .OOFancy Apples, per bushel $ 1 5FREE DELIVERYPARIS BAKING OO.I. L. GLASS,PERSONALSHon. 13. M. Dickson was inFrankfort Wednesday on legal business. Miss Almeda Morrison has returned from a visit to friends in Atlanta, Ga.Mrs. A. T. Rice, of- Mt. Airyavenue, is able to be out after a recent severe illness.Patrolman George W. Judy isable to be on duty again after anattack of lumbago.Mr. and Mrs. Curtis Henry wererecent guests of Mr. and Mrs. Howard Henry, in Winchester.Mrs. Mattie Houston is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she recently underwent'an operation.Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Sullivan have returned fronf a visit toMr: Charles Talbott and family, inWinchester.Miss Elizabeth Kimbrough hasreturned to her home in Cynthiana,after a visit to Mrs. Lizzie M. Clay,near Paris.Louis Lilleston, who has beenvery ill at his home on Houstonavenue, for several weeks, is able tobe out again.Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis is illat the home of here parents, Mr. andMrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., onPleasant street.Miss Lucile Franks, of Talladega, Alabama, is a guest of Mr.'and Mrs. M. E. McCurdy, at theirhome on Pleasant street.Mrs. John M. Stuart has returned from a,n extended visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs" Robert Morris, in Indianapolis, Ind.Miss Elizabeth Martin has returned to her home in Louisvilleafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. ClarkBarnett, on Houston avenue.' Mrs. P. E. Crisp has returned toher home in Millersburg after a visitto her mother, Mrs. Buchanan, andher sister, Mrs. Merrick, in Covington. Master Commissioner O. T. Hinton is in Washington, D. C, on abusiness mission with regard to somelegal matters in which he is interested. ' Miss Anna B. Poynter has returned to her home in Shelbyville,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JamesMcClure, Sr., at their home on Vinestreet.Mr. and Mrs. Frank E. Faulkner and little daughter, Mary Templin, have returned from a visit toMr. and Mrs. Fred Wolcott, in Winchester. Hon. John S. Smith, of Indianapolis, Ind., formerly of Paris, isvisiting relatives in Bourbon andScott counties, before returning tohis home.Mrs. Henry Gaitskill, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, for sometime past, has returned to her homenear Paris.Mr. and Mrs. James Baldwinhave returned to their home in Garland, West Va., after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Harry Baldwin, and otherrelatives in Paris.Mrs. A. D. Owens, of Springfield, Ky., formerly Miss Edith Stivers, of Paris, is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stivers, attheir home on Cypress street.Mrs. Samuel Onkst and daughter, Miss Josephine Onkst, and Wm.Tanksley, have returned to theirhomes in Covington, after a visit tofriends and relatives in this city.Mrs. Charles Colmesnil, of Chicago, who has been a guest of Mrs.Fielding Rogers, for several days, isnow visiting Mrs. Coleman Moffett,in Winchester, before returning toher home.The following from Bourboncounty are camping at the BourbonCounty Hunting Club's camp", nearVerdun, Ky.: W. K. Haley, BenWoodford, B. J. Clay, Brooks Clay,Clay Gaitskill, W. T. Buckner, J. T.Estes, S. L. Weathers.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Glosterand children have returned to theirhome in Middlesboro, after a visitwith relatives in this city. TheyDOESLAUNDRYWORK ANDHOUSEWORK TOOSurprised to Find Herself Feeling So WellTaunton, Mass. "I used to have painsin my back and legs so badly, with othertroubles that womensometimes have, thatmy doctor orderedme to stay in bed aweek in every month.It didn't do me muchgood, so one day aftertalking with a friendwho took Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable" Compound forabout the same troubles I had, I thoughtI would try ft also.I find that I can work in the laundry allthrough the time and do my housework,too. Last month I was so surprised atmyself to be up and around and feelingso good while before I used to feel completely lifeless. I have told some of thegirls who work with me and have suchtroubles to try Lydia E.Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, and I tell them how ithas helped me. You can use my testimonial for the good of others.' ' Mrs..Blanche Silvia, 59 Grant St., Taunton,Mass.It's the same story one friend tellinganother of 'the value of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.man, at her home on 'Lexington avenue." Mrs. James Clay Ward and little daughter, of Paris, are guests ofMrs. Ward's sister, Mrs. Jos. A.Goodson, in Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Steele, Mrs.Laura Wiggins and Charlton Clayhave returned" from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Overton Harber, in Richmond. Mrs. Thos. A. Higgins, of Seventh street, has returned after a fewdays' visit to her nieces. Mrs. Audrey Baker, and the Misses McLaughlin, in Lexington.' Miss Elizabeth Steele wfTT entertain with a dinner Saturdaynight at the Country Club, nearLexington, prior to the Hallowe'en'dance which will be the closing feature of the-Club.Miss Florence Adair Hedges,who has been very ill at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,has returned to the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ollie C. Hedges,near Paris, where she is improving.Messrs. Charles Spears, CatesbySpears and Ayelette Buckner havereturned from a stay of severalweeks in Canada, where they had anenjoyable time hunting and inspecting the work in progress on theSpears & Sons ranche.The Senior and Junior Endeavors of the Presbyterian churchwill give a Hallowe'en party Friday,October 27. All active and honorarymembers are invited.A ghost will greet you at a quarterof eight,And lead you through a witcherygate";Into a room that will please and delight! Then .at ten the witch will bid allgood-night.(Other Personals on Page 5)WOMEN! DYETHINGS NEW HDIAMOND DYESEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple anywoman can dye or tint her worn,shabby dresses, skirts, waists, coats,stockings, sweaters, coverings, draperies, hangings, everythingevon ifshe has never dyed before. BuyTHnmnnrl TIvpr" nr other kindwere called here by the funeral andtheil perfect home dyeing is sure be-burial of Mrs. Gloster's sister, Mrs.Keith Spears McClintock.Miss Marietta Eichelberger, ofthe Department of Home Economicsof the University of Kentucky, atLexington, delivered an addressTuesday before the Parent-Teachers'Association, at Clintonville, on thesubject, "Nutrition and The Child."Miss Louise Connell, of Paris,was selected as vice-president of theUniversity of Kentucky CatholicClub, at a meeting of the membersheld recently at the assembly room,on Barr street, in Lexington. PaulCain, of Lexington, was electedpresident.Mrs. Albert .Mitchell, of Paris,attended the annual conference ofthe Kentucky State United Daughters of 1912, held at the home of thepresident, Mrs. C.C. Patrick, nearLexington, Tuesday afternoon. Mrs.Mitchell was elected Registrar ofthe Association. .' The Daughters of1812 are a very exclusive societyand the membership in Kentucky isvery important, but not large innumbers.Winchester Sun: "Mr. andMrs. Edward Frazier, of Paris, arethe guests of Mrs. JFrazier's parents,Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Ragland,( in thiscity f or the week .... Mr. and Mrs?Charles Pinnell have returned to'their home in Bourbon county aftera visit to Mrs. W. E. Pinnell, intbis.city. Mrs. RusselL," Clay ton, ofParis, ia Visiting MrsrAlex Hard-cause Diamond Dyes are guaranteednot to snot. fade, streak, or run.jTell your druggist whether the material you wish to dye is wool orsilk, or whether it is linen, cotton ormixed goods. (adv)TWELVE IN ONE(Vanceburg Sun)Colonel Bill Hendrickson, whoamong his 57 other accomplishmentsis a first-class gardener, raised afreak ear of sugar corn which hegathered. It has one central earsurrounded by 11 others, making -aneven dozen.Plant This FallFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmaSI FruitsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything for. Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the most conirplete nursery book ever issued inthe South. It is free for the askingH. F. Hillenmeyer & Sons; BLTTEGRASSNTOSEJUES,Lexington Kentucky. jr.COAL! CO At!A Coal Yard has been opened at Eighth and HighStreets. We can supply your. wants on short notice.See us before making contracts. Reasonable prices.Lily Gem Coal CpC.W. RUSSELL, ManagerStuart Sc O'Brien's Old YardCumberland Phone 1246rmBe Independent!The way to become independent is to save a PART ofthe money you earn and deposit it REGULARLY in thebank. Saving money will encourage you to work harder.Industry insures promotion and higher pay. While you arasaving -your money and when you go into business you willneed a bank and we invite you to come in and see us.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany'Place Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruit-and PerennialsBourbon NurseriesVi:LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGh4"M"l''M'flfrM"M''t'I''M'I f I II II JGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONES 'Day Nighti J7 29s;iu,i,t,uiiiii,tuiimii,...MH)-1?Change of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per'month.Paris Home Telephone &. Telegraph C.,w- Iacorpfmfd f"Vt P-r11-1fvI-Mvi"-Kl,"?? r. -v .-JJVa""3-r n ?Bcfcft te5rfti -s ':'X '"r"S , RAGE, FOUR.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1922LODGE NOTESThe cool weather is having atendency to increase attendance atthe meeting of local lodges. Bourbon Lodge I. 0. 0. F. had a largecrowd out Monday night to witnessthe initiatory work which wassplendidly exemplified by the degreeteam. Last night a large crowdwas in attendance at the meeting ofRathbone Lodge, K. of P., when theKnight Rank was conferred on several-'candidates". "Meetings of alllodges are being well attended.it?REAL ESTATE DEALSWm. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg,purchased Monday, 204 acres of theMorris Renick farm, located nearHenick Station, in Clark county, for$131.10 an acre. It was not learneddefinitely whether Mr. Mclntyrepurchased the land for himself orfor the Millersburg bank, of whichbe is president. ,PRACTICAL JOKE ON A NEWLY-WEDCharles L. Fish, oil operator, ofFranklin, Ky., will remember asequel to his wedding as the mostrealistic practical joke he believescould have been conceived, but itmay be some time before he canthink of it with pleasure. Immediately after the nuptials he learnedthat his father-in-law had been "arrested" on the charge that a pint ofliquor had been found in the wedding car." He hastened. tO tfce sideOf his new parent, only to be placedfrnder a like charge and hustled offto jail until bail could be arranged.Investigation showed that the bottle,a "pint," contained only water, andthe groom and his distressed bride,whose maiden name was Miss Vivian Templeton, soon were on theirhoneymoon and "Pa" Templetonchuckling at his own fireside.STABS IN THIS WEEK'S PEO-GRAMPARISIAN RETURNS PROMEUROPEFaith is the leaven in the loaf ofhuman existence."THE BANK OF SERVICE"FOR YOURSUCCESSConsult this bank whenever you needexperienced advice or counsel onBusiness venturesCreditsTrade conditionsShort term or'Long time investmentsAny information we have is yours forthe asking without obligation.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - Kentucky "CAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00ZJViola Dana, who will be seen atthe Alamo and Grand, Friday afterternoon and night, in "There AreNo Villians," made her first publicappearance at the age of five yearsas a solo dancer. At fifteen shewas a Broadway star in "The PoorLittle Rich Girl." Her newestpicture, "There Are No Villians," isa Bayard Viller production forMetro of Frank R.- Adam's story,adopted by Mary O'Hara.A thrilling desert picture comingSaturday afternoon at the Alamoj-s ; .; Ai ; i : ?-j. Ti. ii.rdua tne ijrana at mgiiL. il is iuelatest William Fox production,"Arabian Love," featuring John Gilbert, who has won extraordinarysuccess in big Fox productions."Arabian Love" is said to have init all the charm of the tracklessdesert, with the sheiks and the outlaws running wild in their pursuitof wealth in transit over the sands.Lewis Stone, who plays LangdonMasters in "Don't Neglect YourWife," the Goldwyn picture comingto the Alamo and the Grand Monday afternoon and evening, is oneof the most finished leading men onthe screen, and especially suited toplay the gentleman of distinction inthis latest Gertrude Atherton sjcreendrama. Besides TJeing an actor he isa veteran of the Spanish-Americanand the World wars, in the latterbeing a Captain of Infantry.CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOWTHE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER'TO ME FORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMPANY. C. K. THOMAS,(13 tf Collector.o -RED CROSS SHIPMENTNicholas Nagle, for the past twenty-fiveyears connected with' the mechanical department of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, at thispoint, has returned from a visit tohis old home in Alsace-Lorraine, inFrance.Mr. Nagle has been a resident ofthis city for a period of twenty-sev-'enyears. He reports conditions inhis native land as being better than:he had expected to find them, withthe people employed at good wages,with which they seejnecl very (wellsatislied.; Mr. Nagle has one brother inFrance with four sons and ' onesister with seven sons, all of whom(were enlisted in the army, and allliving, only one being wounded. Mr.Nagle left America on June 24,sailing from New York on theSteamship "America." He was accompanied by his son, Ferdinand.! While abroad, Mr. Nagle visitedGermany passing through the Rhineland, and visiting the great Kruppgun works at Essen. The thingwhich most impressed him in Gerj many, he says, was thf purchasing 'i power of the American dollar. Ajgood overcoat may be bought in theKaiser's land for $9.50; a hat for$1.50; good meals for from eight toten cents; railroad fare is thirty-sixcents for 240 miles. - 'y Ii AGED COLORED CITIZEN DEAD"Aunt Ann' Craig, one of the old-,est colored citizens of Paris, died recently at the home of her daughter,,in 09iigjon, following an illness ofsix months from dropsy. 'I "Aunt Ann' was for years a fixturein " many of the most prominenthomes in Paris, and was known forher honesty, industry and goodcharacter. She had spent practi-'cally all her long life in Paris, Jvdiere she was greatly esteemed byboth white and colored. "AuntAnn" was well-versed in the historyof Paris, and her mental facultiesremaining unimpaired to the time ofher death, took great pleasure inrecounting events of the long ago,with which she was familiar.UNIVERSITY TXTENSIONCOURSESSpecial attention is catted to theUniversity Extension courses beinggiven nowat the Paris High School.Dr. P. K. Holmes will start hislecure at, S:15 every Saturday morning in his. course in Hygenie. prof.E. F. Farquhar will start his lectureat 10:15 every Saturday morning.Dr. Edward Tuthill will start hislecture in American History everyTuesday afternoon at 2:30. It wouldbe very difficult to find three moreinteresting lecturers than thesethree gentlemen. The courses allcarry University credit and thecourse in Hygiene is a requiredcourse for all graduates of the University, j- ?--Parents are urged to watch nextweek, for the Honor Roll and wetrust that you will take an interestin helping your children to get aplace on this Honor Roll. We expect the second month's honor rollto be considerably larger than the.September roll,Bourbon, county school childrenhave asponded liberally to the callmade by the Paris Red Cross Chapter for toys and candies in boxes tobe shipped overseas. Mrs. F. P.Kiser, who hadcharge of the packing of the boxes, reported that thecommittee expects to have 400 boxesready for shipment to-day.SPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYSVoters who were absent from thecity on October 3, 1922, between thehours of 6:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. m.,or were sick on-that day can registerat the County Clerk's office in thecourt house on Monday, October 30,Tuesday, October 31, and -Wednesday,November 1.F 00 T BALLThe Game of the Season! The Home-Coming Game!Help Swell the Crowd to 2,000!ST. XAVlERof Louisville-vs-Nff"PARIS Ml SCHOOLSaturday, Oct. 28thThe Paris High School Alumni Association is making big preparations fcr the St. Xaviergame, and a crowd of 2,000 or more is expected to witness this game. This is the firsttime in the history of local football that a Louisville school has visited Paris and the contest should prove a drawing card. See posters for further particulars.NOVEMBER 3rd, AT PARISFt. Thomas vs. Paris High School3 P. M. HANCOCK FIELDhj5 STAR VALUN FALL COATOCT 27th-WE'VE GOT TO SELL COATSAND SELL THEM FASTFriday - Saturday Monday -TuesdayOUR RESIDENT BUYER SENT THREEHUNDRED-FINE COATS A little more thanwe needed and we must dispose of them quicklyLow prices induce quick sales and the prices willbe the lowest this year.ELEGANT WRAPSTHAT ARE REGULARLY $110.00In .Gerona Fashona Velverette Exquisite WrappyGoats Long Waisted Harem Sleeves in Fur or PlainTrimmed Squirrel Wolf Platinum Wolf Fox$79.50Wraps that are LovelyPRICED EVERYWHERE AT $79.50Unusual Stylings in Fine MaterialsNavy Sorrento Nut Brown Fawn$65.00FUR COATS AND CHOKERSSPECIAL LOWERED PRICESFRIDAY . - L SATURDAY, Oct 2.7th J Oct 28thS2 i 1 Y.Vvl Si"' Oct 31st BWednesday NOV -1stA THANKSGIVING SALE OF FINEWINTER COATS RIGHT NOWTHE LOW PRICES ON THESE ELEGANTCOATS TEMPTED US TO. BUY HEAVILYfiguring that equally low prices would have asimilar appeal to our customers Don't wait untilwinter is gone Get your coat within the nextfew days at after-season pricesCOATS ND WRAPSA big lot of Smartly Fashioned Garments grouped forquick sales. Verona Velverette Ormonde Normandy Fur Trimmed or Plain Some unusual values$49.50Coats Sport Coats WrapsYou have only to see this lot and chsosirg is easyindeed. All colors Some Pur Trimmed others plain$39.50A FEW CAPES ON HANDWILL BE OFFERED AT A PRICEHundreds of Smart Coats and Wraps at Exceedingly Low PricesCOATS FOR JUNIORSA RACK FULITOFCoats and Suits' , FOR FIVE STAR VALUE DAYSVALUES TO $39.50$25.00 ;Fur Trimmed or PlainOVERSTOCKED ON SUITS .Outvalues surpass anything shown and as long -as quicksilei interest us prices must be IowCHILDREN'S COATSA selection of almost two hundred in all sizes from twoyears to fifteen designed individually and in great variety$5.00 to $29.50'THE PRIDE OF PARIS"or Tailored. Immediate selections aFur Trimmed PlainadvisableBWVSIZES FOURTEEN TO SIXTEENSmart Styles for Young Ladies Fur brimmed with SquirrelJWolf or Fox or Plain Exquisite Materials f$19.85 to $75.00Smart Coats for Little Girls with Big IdeasWraps Just Like Big Sister's In all Colors and ShadesPur Trimmed or Plain Sizes 6 to 14$9.85 to $35.00BCTTYALESCOATS ,yBETTY WALES ORDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS; KENTUCKY" - . - "u "- "'V?'-.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, IAKI& KENTUCKYPAGE FIVE-fjffid m f 3TxiAeiftBI ' X(LO( "GIFTS THAT LAST"ENROLL! THIS MORNINGPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YouDon't.''iMJ&Srec "R.MMA SMITH'S SEWINGrT ASS 'STARTS FRIDAY AT 1:30.?HIS CLASS IS ALMOST FULLAND ONLY A FEW MORE PUPILSWILL BE TAKEN. KINDLY ENXSx THIS MORNING IF YOUTARE TO TAKE ADVANTAGE 0THIS OPPORTUNITY.1 FRANK & CO."' FRESH FISHFresh fish for to-day and to-mor jrow, Salmon, Aiunei uuu wu .stock of dried fruits, prunes,, peaches etc.(It)itjxJ. BENNETT TARR.LOOK OUT FOR HALLOWE'ENNext Tuesday night, Octoher 31,Vill be Hallowe'en, Better get allvour movables in a safe place beforeiieht or "the gobblins will getthem'" Better profit by the experiences of past years, and play forsafety first.oRESTAURANT CHANGES HANDS.J. E. (Bud) Hutchison and Emmet't Howard have sold the Bone DryCafe and Restaurant, which theyliave been operating for severalmonths, to Cornelius (Dude) Doyle,of Paris, who will conduct the entei prise in the future, with a corpsof assistants. A number of changesaxe being made in the building andrestaurant features.Mrs. H. A. fgBiBamHiThe nicest, courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends isto let them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item Of anykind. Telephone it to No124.KENTUCKY SORGHUMJust received -a barrel ofr-nnnipi-v snrarhum. Sure isPhone us your order.(It) LOGAN HOWARDoDON'T PUT IT OFFpurefine.Our line of Christmas -Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold out.Come in, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB. DEPARTMENT. so3ACXFR0M THE SERVICEKrpret.t. Mastin. son of WilliamMastin, of Millersburg, has return- Henry for several weeksMiss Dorothy Bullock was theweek-end guest of Miss MargaretLee, in Frankfort.The young folks of the Clintonville vicinity will give a dance inthe hall at Clintonville to-night.Mr. and Mrs.. G. W. Conradhave returned to their home in thiscity after a visit to friends and relatives in Flemingsburg!Mrs. C. 0. Hinton has returnedfrom a ten days'' stay at MiwogcoMineral Springs, near Milan, Indiana. Mr and Mrs. John Mattox wererecent guests of friends and relativesin CynthianarMrs. Perry W. Shy and children,of Winchester, are visiting friendsand relatives" in this cty.Mrs. Sallie Sallee has returnedto her home in Cynthiana after avisit to friends in Paris and Lexington. William Shire has gone to NewYork, to join Mrs. Shire and theirbaby, who are visiting Mrs. Shire'smother.Mrs. C. K. Biddle and two littledaughters, of Paris, are guests atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. HarmonAmmerman, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Louis E. Kidwell, of Richmond, was a visitor this week to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. George Rose,and family, on Lilleston avenue, inthis city.Miss Grace Cruickshank, of Lexington, who was director of theParis playgrounds during the pastsummer, was a visitor in Paris Wednesday. Mrs. Ray Harris returned froma motor trip to Akron, Ohio, accompanied by Mrs. Eva Dimmitt, whohas been a guest of Mrs. Elsieed home after receiving an honorable discharge from the United StatesNavy, following two years of service. Another Millersburg boy,Pugh Bowles, son of Mrs. ThomasBowles, who has been in the navalservice several years, wrote hismother that he would soon be sentto oCnstantinople, Turkey, with hisship.. oDON'T BURN LEAVESAll health authorities adviseagainst the burning of leaves as thesmoke fumes cause an irritation oftliroat and lungs which is believedto cause diphtheria. Anyway, asideii om that they should be saved forthe garden where they add .humusto the soil which is needed in quantises if you desire a fine garden.Rotted, they make a fine dressingfr flowers.IMPORTANT NOTICEI will be out of my office to-day?nd to-morrow, Friday and Saturday, attending the State Chiropractic Convention at Lexington.DR. S. P. MOHNEY.SPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYSVoters who were absent from thecity on October 3, 1922, between thehours of 6:00 a. m. and 5:00 p. m.,or were sick on that day can register at the County Clerk's office inthe court house on Monday, October 30, Tuesday, October 31, andWednesday, November 1.SOME FINE FRUIT-Postmaster J. Walter Payne andMrs. Pavne are inibvinff a box offine pears, grown on the farm ofMr. Payne's father-in-law, nearWarsaw. One of the pears weighednearly two pounds.Mrs. Lavina Estill Chenault Cunningham and Mrs. Laura EstillFrancis received a box of fine applesgrown on the Chenault farm, nearFt. Estill, in Madison county. Mrs.Cunningham presented THE NEWSwith one of the apples, which measured ten inches in circumference.Danville Messenger: "Rev. andMrs. John Jay Rice had as their.week-end guests, Mrs. Rice's father,Dr. John T. Brown, of Paris, and herbrother, Dr. Marmaduke Brpwn, ofNew York."Mr. Wm. H. McMillan, of Paris,recievecl'a letter telling of the remarkable good health of his aunt,Mrs. Louise Barkley Smith, of Chicago, who is now in her ninetyeighth year.Richmond Register: "Mrs.Drake Thompson, of Paris, who hasbeen the guest of her parents. Mr.and Mrs. G. G. Perry and Mrs. -Perry,has joined her husband in Cincinnati, for a visit."The three Senior B. Y. P,. U.'s ofthe First Baptist church,, of thiscity, will entertain at the churchwith a "tacky social" to-night, at7:30 o'clock. All the members areinvited to come and bring a tin cup.Mrs. M. H! Davis, formerly MissEmma Hukill, of Paris, was hostessat her home in Mayslick, Tuesdayafternoon, to the members of theNomad Club, of Maysville, with anelaborate luncheon. The Nomadspresented Mrs. Davis with a beautiful pair of candlesticks as a tokenof their appreciation.Miss Rebecca Purnell extertained at her liome, corner Seventhand High streets, Monday evening,in honor of her birthday anniversary. Delicious refreshments wereserved. The guests were Mr. andMrs. L. B. Purnell, Miss Purnell,Misses Flora Hill, Louise Martin,Ruby Hall and Martha Collier.Miss Elizabeth Tuttle, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Tuttle,entertained at her home near NorthMiddletown, in honor of her houseguests, Miss Mayme Landers, ofLexington; Miss Scott Ecton, ofWinchester, and Miss Ruth Perkins,of Paris. The guests were: MissesJosephine' Judy, Mary Tuttle, Isabelle Clayton, Laura Belle Dozier,Messrs. Paul Clayton, Herbert Sledd,Robert D. Bratton, Julian Bratton,'Henry Clark, C. C. Clarke, ThomasHamilton.About Each Composer,Power.Mrs. Louise Steele Vanmeterwill be a guest of friends in Cincinnati for the week-end.Mrs. J. M. Scott is improvingat her home on Duncan avenue, after a several weeks illness.Jasper McDonald, of Winchester, was a guest this week of rela-Iftives in the city and county.Dr. William Smith, of Paris,was a guest this week of his brother,J. D. Smith, and family, in Midway.Judge Denis Dundon ' attended 2the sessions of the Montgomery Circuit Court, at Mt. Sterling, Wednesday. E. M. Wheeler, who has beenconfined to his home on Houstonavenue, by illness, is able to be outagain.C R. White and mother, Mrs.M. L. White, of Paris, were guestsof friends and relatives in Lexington, Tuesday.Wyatt Martin, of Paris, and Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Martin, of Lexington,were week-end guests of Mr. andMrs. Frazier Curie, in Cynthiana.Mrs. J. Wm. Bedford, of Harrison county, is a guest of her niece,Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrard, and Rev.Sharrard, at their home, on SouthMain street.Mrs. Withers Davis entertainedthe Young Matrons' Bridge Clubyesterday afternoon at her home onPleasant street.Little Miss Caroline Cockrellhas returned to her home in Winchester after spending several weeksin Paris with her grandmother, Mrs.Wm. H. Renick, and her aunt, Mrs.James Duncan Bell.The Lexington and Bryan Station chapters, D. A. R., entertaineddelightfully Wednesday afternoon,with a reception in the ball room ofthe Lafayette hotel in honor of theofficers, delegates and other visitorsfor the D. A. R. State conference.Mr and Mrs. S. E. McClanahanand babe have returned tp theirhome in this city from a recentvisit to Mrs. McClanahan's parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Faris in Flemingsburg. They were accompaniedhome by Mrs. Faris, " who will betheir guest this week.The following invitations havebeen received by friends and relatives in Paris:"-Mrs Allie S. Dickson,Mrs. Stanley Dickson,Mrs. Edwin Thomas,to meetMrs. Raymer Jones,Mrs. William CollinsWednesday. November the first,from three to four o'clock.Please reply. Glen Oak."The following members of Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. R.,attended the sessions of the StateConference, held in Lexington, Wednesday and yesterday: Mrs. CassiusM. Clay, Regent, Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr, Mrs. James M. Arnold, MissElizabeth Grimes, Miss Blanche Lilleston, Mrs. Louis Rogers, Miss Letitia Hedges, Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, Mrs. Watson W. Judy, Mrs. Virgil Chapman, Miss Grace Hargis,Miss Hattie Clark, Miss Gillie Larue,Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mrs. LenaPreston Taylor, Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaihe, Mrs. Evelyn Buck, Mrs. Albert Mitchell.(Other Personals on Page 3)MAKING POSSIBLEThe ApparentlyIMPOSSIBLE!NEW HOUSE FOR SALEWE are selling QUALITY merchandise for men and boys at LOW prices."o4 visit to our store will be more convincing than, merely saying it, here.sLet us pay your movie bills for you.We give tickets free. Ask us. -LEWIS WQLLSTfilNTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street Paris, Ky. -"SAVE AND SMILE"BiSNEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONM0ETH CLIFTON AVENUE.E0URB0N LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)NEW SORGHUMWe have just opened a barrel ofnew country sorghum. You shouldhave some. Phone us your order.C. P. COOK & CO.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)FOR SALEGenuine quarter-sawed missionoak sectional book cases, with desksections. Call Cumberland Phone614, Paris, Ky. (27-2t)andnketsComfortsFOR RENTTwo nice rooms, suitable for lighthousekeeping. Gas and electricity.Apply to(It) 621 FERGUSON STREET.,DROUTH CONTINUESWith the exception of a few lightJains, which did very little good, ina small area, the drought which hasprevailed since early spring, continues unrelieved. There has beenless rainfall in this .and adjoiningcounties this fall tlitn for manyyears at the same period of the year.Stock water is getting very scarceand in many instances farmers aredriving JJieir stoqjc several miles for"water. Despite the lack of moisturethe pastures' are looking fairly well,and afford- livestock .good grazing.Crops are suffering from lack " ofrain.The weekly meeting of the Bourbon County Womans' Clubs was held"Wednesday afternoon, at the Clubrooms, in the Masonic Temple, withthe program in charge of the Department of Music. The programembraced the following features:"Sketches of Different Nationalities, (Theodora Dutton); "RussianDance," Miss Mclntyre; "ArabianDance," Miss Jones; (GertrudeRose,) Three Songs of The Desert,l"Sunset," "Night," "Dawn," -Mrs. J.W. Jones; (Fannie Dillon,) "TheDesert," Miss Crutcher; (Fay Foster,) "Sing A Song of Roses,""Shadow Of The Bamboo Fence,"(Love Song,) (Marion Bauer),"Red Man's JRequlem,'i Mrs. RobertJonee; (Harriet Ware), "PersianSerenade,' "Hindu" Slumber Song,"Mi . Bllen Blading;Have a Look!LADIES' AND MISSES' TNDCHIL-DREN'S SUITS, COATS, SKIRTS,BLOUSES, MILLINERY, DRYGOODS, SILKS, ETC.We Have the Ladies' Home JournalPatterns, atTwin Bros. Dept StoreCHAS. S. GOLDfiTINEd .Corner Seventh and Main Streetsa veryline ofWe are showingcomplete "newWool and Cotton Blankets and Cpmforts linedwith wool and laminatedcotton. , -We will be pleasedshow you.to-The prices are yeryat-tractive.M-THE J. T. HINTON CO.I "UsREITHERPHONE 36.tARIS, KENTUCKYSiSIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertaktesvsUit-1Ii""9;&.i1 a.XJ - ',.."r HTlS" -: --1 v-vv,PAGE Si!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY.1.ti r. n iERIDA.Y, OCTOBER 27, 1922If-11. V 1 .30MUUonBottlesSoldKII a mono BlTQWcj RTOTEMIhIA SPLENDIDTONICMake YouEAT BETTERSLEEP BETTERWORK BETTERFEEL BETTERSM By ALL LEADING DRUQQISTSDIAGNOSING DISEASE BY SUFFERER'S HANDWRITINGDiagnosis of disease throughstudy of the handwriting of the sufferer is a new theory of therapeuticspropounded before "the American Association of Medico-Physical research in session in Chicago, by Dr.Albert Abrams, qf San Francisco,discoverer of the principle of determining paternity through bloodtests. Not only can disease be diagnosed from handwriting, but the sexof the writer can be determined, Dr.Abrams said."All life is electronic energy," heexclaimed. "When one writes, theelectronic energy is transferred indelibly to the paper and the electronic energy can be diagnosed."Disease, he said, is nothing morethan the displacement of electronsfrom their normal positions "electrons gone wrong."Dr. Abrams challenged a test ofhis theory and criticised medical authorities who refused to investigateit.MILLERSBURGjrteresting News Items From Bourbon County's College TownUSERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis & fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,Our favorite pest to-day is the ladwho helps himself to the last cigarin our vest pocket.DONTLOSEANOTHER HAIR35c "Danderine" Saves YourHair-Ends Dandruff!Delightful Tonic,. sDon't lose another hair! Don't tolerate destructive dandruff. A littleDanderine now will save your hair;tWcken and strengthen it; double its"beauty.Falling hair never stops by itself!Dandruff multiplies until it forms acrusty scale, destroying the hair, rootsand all, resulting in baldness.Your druggist will tell you "ihafcDanderine" is the largest selling hair, saver in the world because it correctsand tones sick, ailing hair of men andwomen every time. Use one bottle ofDanderine, then if you find a single falling hair or a particle of dandruff, you-can have your money back.Mrs. Layson Tarr left Wednesday for a visit with relatives inKansas.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stewartmade a business trip to Carlisle,Tuesday.Mrs. James Ralls, ofMt. Sterling, is visiting her daughter, Mrs.James Hutsell.Mrs. P. E. Chrisp has returnedfrom several weeks' visit with relatives in Covington.Mrs. Robert Turner entertained with a luncheon-bridge at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Ashby Leer, -Thursday afternoon.Rev. G. W. Nutter. Rev. L. E.Sellers and Mr. C. Martin were dinner guests of Col. W. R. Nelson andMrs. Nelson at M. M. I. Wednesdaynight.Mrs. Tom Bowles received aletter from her son, Pugh Bowles,who is in the U. S. Navy, saying hewould sail for Constantinople, Turkey, soon.Mrs. J. M. Alverson, of Harlan,Mrs. E. H. .Dorian, Memphis, Tenn.,Mrs. O. E. Ingels, Lexington, andMrs. Lewis Rogers, of Bourbon,were guests Wednesday of Mr. andMrs. S. M. Allen.There was a mistake in the announcement of the date of the meeting of the Twentieth Century Clubfor Thursday, October 26. Themeeting will be held Saturday, October 28, at the home of Mrs. M.C. Grimes.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenterentertained with a dinner at theirhome, "Maple Hill," the followinguests: Rev. G. W. Nutter. Mrs.Nutter and son, Eugene Nutter,Rev. L. E. Sellers, C. Martin, evangelist, Dr. and Mrs. C. C. Fisher, Dr.and Mrs. C. B. Smith.The fall conference of the Ebenezer Presbytery of the Presbyterianchurch was held here Wednesday.There were twenty delegates presentfrom Carlisle, Paris and Shawhan.Mrs. J. T. Tadlock, of" Paris, president, presided. Mrs. J. C. Martin,Carlisle, and Mrs. J. T. Vansant.Paris, led the devotional. Mrs. J.T. Tadlock conducted the conferencework. Short talks were made byMrs. John Purdy; "Christian Education," Mrs. R. J. Neely, Paris,"Foreign Massions," Rev. Smiley,Paris, "Sphere of Women," Miss McClintock, "Orphanage," Song, MissVirginia . Shanklin. A delightfullunch was served" at the noon hour.Mrs. W. R. Nelson will entertain this (Friday) afternoon, inin honor of Miss Levina Layson.DKWaddcllsPiikRemedvB Von't Suffer Don't be Operatedpt vatil yw have tried Dr. WkddeU'aCM Remedy. Absoltxtelvlimnnl. Ctun.j . .. .i co give absolute tttufactxon or' refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourt it not write us.INedicinetoJMILLERSBURG COUNTY HIGHSCHOOL NOTESProf. J. W. Lancaster and family were guests at a supper given byMr. and Mrs. Ernest Darnaby, ofClintonville, Tuesday evening.The boys' basket ball team ofMillersburg High met defeat at Little Rock, Friday afternoon, by ascore of 20 to 15. The Sophomoregirls' team gained a victory overLittle Rock girls' team by a score of22 to 3. Both team play Newtown,November 17, at Newtown, and theboys' team plays Ewing, November10, at Ewing.Mrs. Anna Onstott, representing the United Lyceum Bureau, ofColumbus, 0., is in town, assistingin the campaign for advance sale oftickets and -advertising of thiscourse, which the three schools ofMillersburg have decided to havefor the coming winter. This makestwo Lyceum courses that the schoolsare encouraging in the town, which,with the absence of movies of anysort, are none too many. " The Redpath course begins Thursday evening, October 2G, when the Alexander Trio will appear at M. C. auditorium at 8:15 o'clock. The firstnumber of the United Lyceumcourse appears November 16. Theprogram of the two courses will appear as follows:The Redpath Course October 26,The Alexander Trio, a musical number; November 23,. The JohnsonCo., soloists and reader: December7, Helen Wagoner, reader-enter-"tainer; February 8, Geoffrey Morgan, lecturer; March 2, "The Bubbles," Edward Lock's appealingPlay.The United Lyceum Course:November 16, Guy Bingham, lecturer; December 6, Temple Singers;January 6, Welch Miners' MusicalCo., Qunitette; February 5, Burgder-fer, entertainer; FebruaryMountaineers, Musical CompanyQuintette; March 10, JeannetteKling, Mono, Actress, Recital ofFamous Plays.The tickets for the first or Redpath course, have already beensignedfor, and are in the hands ofMr. M. E. Pruitt for distribution.The tickets of the United Lyceumcourse are being sold by the pupilsof the schools. The school sellingmost tickets is awarded a prize, thegrade seflinggreatest number areawarded prizes. Any pupil sellingas many as ten tickets will be givena ticket. Prin.PR. nrlnltc' t.lrflfP2.00; students tickets, $1.00.-o :WHAT NEWSPAPERS, ARE FOR(Louisville Herald)A party, whose name would be"furnished on request' in thecourse of a- symposium in CivicOpinions not a simposium, if youplease as to the progress of the'city, or the lack of it, declares thatthe newspapers of Louisville don'tstand for anything and don't reflectpublic opinion. Unlike most objectors and nearly all critics, he has aremedy. It is that the people shouldrun the newspapers. They, thenewspapers, should be a medium ofexpression for the average man orwoman. The objection that perhaps such a chance does not seem tohave occurred to the writer who,alone of the company, keeps his orher name under a veil only to belifted for the ultracurious.Now, the first duty of a newspaperis to publish the news, not to offeran opening to those who like to seethemselves in print. Another of itsduties is to comment on that news,to expound and to expand it on occasions. And this is to be done according to such lights and in harmony with such views as the editorpossesses of his own, not of this manin the street or the other. It mayhappen that these expressions donot reflect the passing mood, thetransitory passion or prejudice ofthe hour. That does not prove theeditor to be in error nor even thathe is out of touch very frequentlyit will be his view, not accepted atfirst, that will prevail in the end.To talk about "a popular organ" toabout their everyday life, is not totalk about a newspaper but about aforum, which is quite another matter altogether.Perhaps we shall be laughed at forpointing out and insisting that, inLouisville as elsewhere, newspapersare largely what their readers makethem." It is a fact nevertheless, and,holding no brief for those publishedhere,, we are very certain thatbroadly considered they do mostamply fulfill their mission and arepotent for the best interests of thecity. We recall but one recent flagrant instance to the contrary andthat was when, for campaign purposes, certain journals gave the citya bad name and warned visitors andtraders away, a course we have nodoubt they came to regret. But onesuch blunder does not prove a case.AN ACfOMCiNDNESSVOTE OPPOSITE TO WILL.Owing to the obtusemess of theelectorate no system has yet beendevised for ascertaining the realwill of every individual voter whenit comes to the submission of -a-prop-ositionto the people. This has developed in every case where anyproposition like constitutionalamendments and bond issues haveappeared on the ballots. Thesepropositions are so presented as torequire an affirmative or negativevote as the case may be and it oftenhas happened that the voter has become confused over the text of theproposition and voted opposite to hisconvictions.When the State-wide prohibitionamendment was submitted in Kentucky, it developed that many of thecase-hardened "wets" had voted forprohibition in stamping "Yes" onthe ballots and that on the otherhand uncompromising "drys" hadvoted "wet" in stamping their ballots opposite "No."In some counties where the propotsition of allowing stock to run atlarge has been voted on, it-has been'claimed that the "Yes and "No" voteas recorded in many precincts in nowise reflected the real sentiment ofthe voters.-o -NOW IS THE BEST TIMENow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. oTruth Never Deeply Buried.The truth we need Is only lightlyveiled, not deeply buried by the wisehand which has designed It for us.Carlylo.For Real Economy. in the Kitchen UseGAtUMETThe Economy BAKING POWDERA Big Time and Money SaverWhen you bakewith -Calumet youknow there will beno loss or failures.That's why; it is farless expensive thansome other trandsselling for less.The sale of Calumet isover 150 greaterthan "that of any otherbrand.13&i?t be led Into taking Quantity for QualityCalumet has proven to be best by test in millions ofhomes every bake-day. Largest selling brand in theworld. Contains only such ingredients as have beenofficially approved by U. S. Pure Food Authorities.flumeBEST' BY TESTTHE WORLD'S GREATEST BAKING POWDERA Paris Resident Speaks Publicly,For the -Benefit of Paris PeopleIf you had suffered tortures fromkidney trouble,Had experimented with differentremedies without relief;. If you were finally cured througha friend's suggestionWouldn't you be grateful?The following statement has beengiven under just such circumstances: Mr. Link has used Doan's KidneyPills.He publicly tells of the benefit hehas received.His is a simple act of kindness toother Paris sufferers.No need to experiment with suchconvincing evidence at hand.Mr Link speaks from experiencedYou can rely on what he tells you.Robert Link, proprietor grocerystore corner High and Eighth, says:"I have found Doan's. Kidney Pillsthe best kidney medicine I ever usedand can't recommend them too highly. My back gave me no end oftrouble and there was a steady, dullache just over my kidneys. My kidneys acted toofrequently. I beganusing Doan's Kidney Pills and in ashort time I was completely rid ofthe trouble."Price 60c, at all dealers Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Link had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soan). fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Kineworm,u etter or other itchinR skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our riSK.VARDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.Turkeys Wanted!Highest cash price paid for turkeys, geese, ducks,chickens, game, eggs, and all other country produce..We charge no commission, we buy exclusively; writefor prices.Coops and cases furnished to our shippers.THE BUCKEYE PRODUCE CO., Inc.Ill EAST FRONT ST. ' ' CINCINNATI, OHIOAbout the time he tells her hewants to be the light of her life, theold man comes along and he lightsoutdoors.SIGHTLESS MAN EXPERT INNORMAL MEN'S WORKWith the "inner eye" of feelingand knowing, more extraordirmrvacliievements than are ordinarilypossible with the "outer eye" orcommon vision, are performed hvWilliam F. Settle, blind, broom-maker and general tradesman ofGlasgow. Not only does he earn acomfortable living by. makingbrooms, but he works at the saw forhis amusement and has built theframe house in -which he lives. Although unable to recognize daylightfrom the dark, Mr. Settle can re'eognize the voices of his friends, cantell the object by the sound of itsfall to the ground, walks the streetsof Glasgow alone and maintains abrisk pace. He tunes pianos andorgans, operates the typewriter andexcept for outward seeing he can doalmost everything that any normalperson can do,A lot of chaps who think thattlky are horn to run things end upbyXbecoming chauffeurs.Much Evidence Supports Theory.As man's remote grandfather thecoconut Is in a fair way' to gainground if tle man is not In reallftreverting to type. Toledo Blade.: o ,.A Iciss may T)e printed but ' itshould'not be published.PIGGLY WIGGLYAll Over the WorldWe Don't Meet Prices We Make ThemHawaiian Extra Quality Sliced Pineapple . LQNo. 2J6 37c; No. 2 29c; No. 1 1 OCHawaiian Extra Quality Grated Pineapple 1 ANo 2Y2 29c; No. 2 23c; No. 1 - 1 f CDel Monte Asparagus Tips Q ONo. 1 Square Tin; Large White 41c; Green ....jOCRed Pitted Cherries onNo. 2 Can .o.T.-ft....-f.!SC .'.. : LLCSilver Fleece Sauer Kraut " ;- .No. 3 Can ::..:r.1f... :..; 1 OCp. & g. Soap jr 4cGolden Age Macaroni or Spaghetti . r8-oz. Package ' - - tj CNational Oats . ;.. ..'. ..'.; 2Z.:. I. 8 CCallahan's Flour l " r V - v' -" - q24-Pound Bag..". ..- ,..v 54CPure Hog Lard -V -1,1Pound :-' ;14CNavy Beans, Michigan Hand Picked ' 7UPound .'- ' I2CFancy Irish Potatoes "-. 01Peck 15 lbs. Weighed .1.. .:..!.'. ...APIGGLYWIOGLYGROCERIES707 Main StreetFRUITSGREEN VEGETABLESParis, Kentucky'"'-"I1)1-.-St.&u ,-b-FJtIDAY, OCTOBER IT, 1$MSTTpRn- .t.oiwff5r- yj-yte, -p tfK.-jrjanteAiWtej5r' ..t. ,& - t ----; --vw-" -"tfiit-ir'-:ami, jpuukjswi ,jSffa; rAKis, OTTUCiy i ws six. vr- rrrnt'.".!-HftM8F j-riCy --v "- -riiIL- TK7ff SICK, TAKECASCAREB''aean Your Bowels ! End Headache, Biliousness, Colds,Dizziness, Sour, Gassy StomachTo clean out your bowels withoutcramping or overactjon, take Cas-carets!You want to feel fine, to bequickly, free from sick headache,dizziness, billiousness, colds, badbreath, a sour, acid, gassy stomach,constipation.One or two Cascarets, anytime,HOW LONG CAN MAN LIVEWITHOUT SLEEPThe longest period of completeand continuous insomnia authentically recorded terminated on theluuth day with the death of the vie- ttir after great suffering. jSuch cases are, however, extremely rarefi and can only be due to peculiar diseases. In the ordinary wayeven the strongest man could not bekept continuously and completelyavake for more than 90 hours--withoutgreat danger to his actuallife, and even in this period of timevery lemarKaDie cuauges wouia occurSome actual experiments havebeen undertaken by scientific observers, and hallucinations, abnormal increase of weight, extraordi-1nary decrease in strength, and al-'most complete loss of memory andconcentration occurred. jIt is to be remembered that theabove applied to complete and continuous insomnia, and that even afew minutes' sleep would have re-!freshed the subject. The ordinary 1person who says he hasn't slept forthree nights is speaking loosely. Af-,ter a real insomnia for that length !of time he wouldn't be able to speakat all.and a Ford ChassisGives You This ClassyAmes RacerTurn your old Ford into a snappy-newRacer, with speed, style, class, by mounting this popular new Ames body on yourold Fora chassis. Trimmed and paintedhood and body New York Red, stripedwith silver. Note how Ames specialRadiator Shell, with high, full streamlineHood, produces the snappy effect foundonly in high grade Sport Cars. Equipment includes gas line extension, radiator filler pipe, trunk with Yale lock andall necessary attachments for mounting.Same material used as in high grade cars.Anyone with wrench and screw drivercan mount in an hour. Length, 110 inches.Delivered to Your lome, $4150Here's the chance for every youngman to have a car of his own at a triflingcost a car that will rank favorably withany-roadster, in appearance, speed andeconomy. If you haven't a rord, youcan pick up a Ford chassis anywhere atlittle cost No risk at all we guaranteeyou will be pleased or wul refund yournoney. (1)IMiatttf Frat We wuT-moant a new-Anea Body on your old Ford chiMM atno extra cost, if you wul drive to Owent-boro. We are sot far away; take a dayor two off and e the com at ry.TUeiffer4rt4g Jfar30JT ItTVEF. A. AMES COlmearptnlaiThe World's Largest BmUergef Special Bodies for Ford:EtabHihmt 1881.ltmte&tedi at, ii !, Kj.ITPARIS, KY,Stgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kisert Prldnt6. L. Weathers, Vic PrwidMitS7. Mitchell,. Caahltr7no. W. Yerket,' JLHt CaikitrDan pedf jr., BookkMftr...uFARMERSRADERSBANKJUNE 19, 1921will start the bowels acting. Whentaken at night, the bowels workwonderfully in the morning.Cascarets never sicken or inconvenience you next day like pills,calomel, salts or oil.Children love Cascarets, too. 10cent boxes, also 25 and 50 cent sizes.Any drugstore. -(adv-F)SOME YOUNGSTEBS FIND THE- WBONG PAEENTS(By Gene Stratton-Porter)Here and there in a family thereis born a child with a wild heart.It is nothing less than a tragedywhen such a child is cursed with thewrong parents. God gives to only afew of his children a wildheart, amusical ear, facial fingers. Theman or woman who keeps a childborn with the love of the woods inits heart from contact with Nature,who destroys the trust that Godplaced in its heart, and instills fearbred by man, does a dreadful thing,a thing that must end in disaster.Nature does not reveal her secretsto everyone. Creatures of the wildwill not be brothers with any savea very few specially endowed human beings.To-day my heart sickens at thethough of what would have happened to me if. when I told mymother I had been talking with thefairies and what they said and dfd,she had whipped me for not speaking the truth; if, when I came fromthe woods with my apron torn andsoiled, full of dirty specimens, myheart overflowing with the wondersof my discoveries, I had been beatenand forbidden to go again. If weare to have truly great art, literature, or science in the future, many,perhaps most, of those who are todo the work will be born into thisworld in simple, common homeslike the Indian homes in which theauthor of "The "Wild Heart" and Iwere born. What we as a nationproduce in wonder-work along anycreative line in the future is goingto depend upon the ability of parents of this generation to recognizeand foster unusual gifts in theirchildren, when they first detectthem. The mother who whips achild because it happens to havebeen born with a wild heart does athing so wickedly cruel that thereare no words in which to describethe situation adequately. If thisbook will serve the one purpose ofmaking fathers and -mothers of thecoming generation sympathetic andkindly to the little wild hearts thatthey bring into the world, it willperform a very great work indeed."QU1TT0BAQC0So Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HabitNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break the habit. Whenerer youhave a longing for a smoke or-chew,just place a harmless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire stops. Shortly the habit iscompletely broken, and you are better off mentally, physically, financially. It's so easy, so simple. Geta box of No-To-Bac and if it doesn'trelease you from all craving for tobacco in any form, your druggistwill refund your money withoutquestion. (F-tf)THIRTY-FIVE MILLIONSASSESSMENTCUT INA cut of $35,704,029 . in theassessment of property in Kentuckyin 1921 compared with that of 1920with an attendant loss in revenue of$70,409, is shown in the report ofthe State Tax Commission. Thegreatest loss in revenue was notedin the assessment for tangible personality, a decrease of $129,019.94being apparent in this item. The estimate of the budget commission for1922 places the loss in revenue atapproximately $1,000,000, accordingto Chairman Wells. The assessmentas of July 1, 1921, for the taxes of1922, included complete reportsfrom every county in the State withthe exception of of Fayette. Thereport of the Board of Supervisors ofthat county has not been approvedby the tax commission, but the figures reported were used in arrivingat the total assessment.o-It is claimed by those who knowthat moonshine provides a muchgreater variety of sight-seeing thanthe old whisky did.0 A J)EMOCBAJIC HOUSEDemocrats should not be misledby statements, however sincerelymade, appearing in print from timeto time, and sometimes heard inconversation, that the Democraticparty would be in a better positionfor the 1924 campaign if it did notwin the House this year. It hasbeen frequently pointed out, on theother hand, that each time the Democratic party has elected a Presidentof the United states, it carried theHouse of Representatives in themid-election preceding, with thesole exception that in 1886 it carried the House and failed to re-electMr. Cleveland in 1888. although inthat Presidential election Mr. Cleveland received a plurality of the popular vote. So to all Intents and purposes the precedent established has"held good.Not only the Democratic party,but entire nation would be benefitted by the election of a DemocraticCongress this fall. In the first placeit will put a stop to excessive appropriations and oppressive taxation. Itwould act as a check to all the reac-tionary Republican plans of plunder- practical serfdom, but the co-opera-ingthe Treasury in behalf of other ' tive association has furnished in-special interests. It would give theal wuum 5ivc tucDemocrats the opportunity to formulate progressive and conservativelegislation, for which they would receive full credit in any event, and tohold the administration responsiblein the case of a vote. It would actas a restraint upon reckless departments; it would put a stop to secretdeals like the Teapot Dome NavalOil leases and like midnight raidsupon the civil service as in the caseof the Bureau of Engraving andPrinting scandal.The election of a DemocraticHouse would hearten the Democratic party in every section of thecountry. It would insure the selection of able men from every section of the country a.s chairman efthe House committees, and in manyother ways prepare the way for theelection of a Democratic Presidentin 1924.. t,THE BEST CHRISTMAS GIFTChristmas for the boy!Christmas for the girl!Christmas for Fathers!Christmas for mothers!Christmas for one and all boundup in the 52 weekly issues of The.Youth's Companion for 1923. Noother periodical can take the placeof the Companion at the family fire-side no other reflects so truly thehome spirit.The 52 issues of 1923 will contain,from eight to a dozen serial stories,nearly two hundred short stories,besides sketches, special matter forthe boys, the girls, the domesticcircle. The Children's Page and theDoctor's Corner will, as they havefor years, prove indispensible features of the paper. Subscribe nowand receive:1. The Youth's Companion 52issues in 1923.2. All the remaining1922. .issues ofThe Companion Home Calen-3.dar for 1923.All for $2.50.4. Or include McCall's Magazine,the monthly authority on fashions.Both publications, only $3.00.THE YOUTH'S- COMPANION,Commonwealth Ave. and St. PaulSt., Boston, Mass. 'oIF STOMACH ISTROUBLING YOUInstantly! End Indigestion !or Stomach Misery with- "Pape's Diapepsin"1 1 1 miniAs soon as you eat a tablet or two"Pape's Diapepsin" your indiges-oftion isgone; Heavy pain, Heart -burn, flatulence,gases, palpitation,or any misery from asour, acid .. istomach ends. Correct your stomach and digestion for a few cents.Each package guaranteed by druggist. (adv-F). oA FULL DEMOCRATIC VOTE INSURES VICTORYThe Democratic National Committee has taken teps to urge State,county and district leaders throughout the United States to devotespecial efforts to getting out the 'vote on election day. The indica-tions, it firfds, are that there will bea large stay-at-home votehv -rapuDiicans woio are aisgusieu wimI. , . . . .the work of the Congress and dissat -withj isfled with the administration.There can be no better way to as-' sure Democratic victory than to getthe Democratic ballots into the ballot box.! This is a work in which the humblest member of the party can render valuable assistance, and theDemocratiT1National Committee asksevery Democrat to constitute him-self a committee ofduty.one for thisTOBACCO WORK TUBNS"It is a long lane that has noturn,' seems particularly applicableto the burley tobacco growers ofKentucky, who have completed thenegotiations for the disposal of prac-.tically the entire 1922 crop to asingle buyer at their own price.The single achievement in puttingover such a mammoth deal spells thesuccess of the Bingham co-operativemarketing plan and is in strikingcontrast to the deplorable conditions that formerly beset the industry.Instead of taking what the buyers offered for their tobacco and"being glad to get it, the growersnow determine the grades of theirproduct and fix the price. The cooperative marketing plan not onlyhas been a boon to the grower, butit has sounded the doom of 'thespectator, independent warehousemen and the "pinhooker" thatprospered while the grower groanedunder oppression of days not so"" farback.rirnatowD A.-AA r . !... 4-ii.would elevate tobacco growing from, dubitable proof that there, auoiiaDie prooi mat tnere was ai- .leasioie and sensible way to Telievethe intolerable conditionsand givethe burley growers some.sajr in thedisposition of what they raised.Long the under dog, the burleygrower now has turned the tables onhis former oppressor.oA HAPPY LAZINESSOn such a day as this, when the stillairForegoes its power, and seems, inlistening,To be of all save silence unaware,As if remembrance were the onlything,Worth waiting for, and dreams theonly goodMan's soul grows quiet as the withered grassHugging some hope, but vaguely understood, Of lucent joys that shall not whollypass"With dying things some stirringsmoving deepAround the roots capture the memory Of other springs that snared thefruits of sleepAnd rinrerl. in snite of death, asrainL to be.0 ecstacy of loafing! all the tides0f peace. Riin-drinnins-. flood the mo-tionless moodOf sight and hearing, as the earth.jconfidesThe secret of the eternal neighborhood Of human and divine, of sky andsodLifting man up that "he may walkwith God!DRIVING A CAR FOR FUNOwning a car is one thing and"driving it another. All you need tobuy a car is the coin. But, youcan't drive the 'bus until you get acouple of licenses one for the machine and one for yourself. Jottingdown few specifications and serial' numbers, together with a check for anominalamount registers the auto.You, yourself, don't -get off so easy.You have to take a road -test and awritten examination. Some finemorning you get the engine in A-lworking order and accompanied by a'licensed driver you go down to theBureau of Motor Vehicles. If you'reready you git, let's say, fifth placein line. The inspector jumps upon"vour running board, collects yourtemporary permit and says. "Driveahead." If you know how to handle:the car, you follow his orders andeven make a good "turn" withouthittinsr either curb. After getting,an O. K. on your road work, youproceed to the written exam andQrcwr sim.h ouestions as: "How- ,, c -n thprp in easoline?"mttert n.,a o11 nrrar. vrm eftt vourvucu 1. a aii. ji, f ,7 w o-- "license card.SPANKED CHINESE GIRL COMMITS SUICIDE"Wing Ty, a Chinese girl, 17 yearsold. committed suicide by drowningjin Manila Bay, according to the police, when her mother spanked herfor bobbing her hair and cutting'herskirts to the height in vogue amongthe flappers of America.I oRHEUMATISMDo you know thatrheumatismcan be cured so that you can oe'your own gooa sen again jIX nas Deen uuue nut vmj .,. , , . ooa vtr -n a turn's? but in almost every case by nature s. . ne,mtlAv -Rodin-Active Miwo-KICai. wmvuj , .jgco Mineral Water Batna at ourSanitarium.i Moderate Rates.Write for lltera-ture. -MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS.(10-tf) Milan, Ind.. I fly Equipped for Life's Voyafc.He that knows only how to enjoyand not endure is ill fitted to 0 downfhA stream of life through such aworld as this. Henry Van Dyke.rfFINEST CANDIESUNATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYWE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods , ofour scientific profession.DOWNTHE TTNIERSAL CARLowest F. O. B. Prices in theHistory of the CompanyChassis $235.00Runabout, regular :.- $269.00Touring, regular.,..'. $298.00Truck Chassis $360.00coupe $530.00Two-Door Sedan:,.-.; ......,.i?; $595.00ffV Oli B. Detroit -Starter remains $70.00; Demoun tables $25.00, when supplied on opentypi. Closed types are priced withStarter and Demountables.rugglesEXHXHXB.XSXS:iIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fif h StreetXXxThe Bourbon LaundryParis,ixaxavxi"- c- --Bourbon News Advertisers Get ResufiAGAINkcC!2C3BX1HX99XISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHW0RDIWith all the latestimprove- mments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are jfprepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.Kentucky1X1Ps -r -x'... ,'i.i" ? J--'"-A. "v.PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON MEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYimu ,i tjffU'Mffr r ,-.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21 lfif Vj ' " ISBJIESTOEITT mtTSSELL PRAISES1LUE GIASS LEAGUEIn -a statement given out to thepress Thomas M. Russell, of Mays--villepresident of the Blue Grass"League, declares that the first season-of the League has been a decidedsuccess, and indicated by the tone ofTiis statement that he was well-pleased with the showing made during the season by the different clubs.All of the clubs in the circuit, hecstated, showed a healthy financialCondition at the season's end, andach city represented in the Leaguehas retained its franchise, and will.he among those present when the-jlay is resumed on the different lotsIn 1923.Lexington, whose team droppetlout of. the league several days before the season ended, will have afranchise next year and the club'sowners are already planning to construct a baseball park in the downtown section of the city.President Russell has worked untiringly in his endeavor to make theBluegrass circuit a go, and continued an uphill fight in the face of' many obstacles until he has apparently made a success of the venture.-The close of the 1922 campaignfound almost every team greatlystrengthened by the acquisition ofxiew play ersN and the loop showedgreat improvement in the brand ofball displayed earlier in the season.This in itself speaks well for thesuccess of the 1923 pennant-chase:andfcif the Bluegrass League survivestwo more playing seasons CentralKentucky fans may expect to witness, some fast base ball, providing,of course, the circuit shows the sameprogress it has in the 1922 season.MATRIMONIALA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go ByMORGAN DUNNThe marriage of Miss ClaraMorgan, of Paris, to J. W. Dunn, ofWinchester, was solemnized Saturday evening at 8 o'clock at thebride's home, Rev. R C. Evans,(brother-in-law of the bride) officiating. The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Silas Morgan, and for the pastthree years has been a valued employee of C. P. Cook & Co. The bridewas becomingly attired in blue suit,with hat to match, and wore corsageof brides roses and sweet peas. Sheis a very charming young lady andhas a winning personality. Mr.Dunn is a young business man ofi Winchester, being connected withthe Winchester Roller Mills.Following the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Dunn left for Winchester wherethey will make their future homewith the groom's sister, Mrs. James, Morgan.RELIGIOUSA Besume of Events In ReligiousCircles Tor Present anda FuturePRANGING JOINT CELEBRATION OF KENTUCKY DAY"Kentucky Day," to be held November 11, will be celebrated jointly with a luncheon at the Phoenix.hotel by alumni. of the University of"Kentucky and of Transylvania College if the invitation extended Transylvania graduates by the Lexingtonalumni club is accepted.Kentucky day is the day set asideby he University for college celebrations by alumni clubs and individual graduates all over the world.Since the celebration falls thisyear on Armistice day, the Lexington club has invited the Transylvania alumni to help make the occasion a college and partiotic jubilee.If the Transylvanians accept,President A. D. Harmon, of Transylvania, and Dr. F L. McVey, of theUniversity, will be asked to be the-chief speakers on the program.WILL OPPOSE LODGEJoseph Walker, unsuccessful opponent of Senator Henry CabotLodge for the Republican nomination for Senator in the primariesJast month, in a statement said hewould support John A. Nichols, prohibition progressive candidate forSenator, in the election on November 7. He said that otherwise hewould vote for the Republican-ticket."I have the firm conviction," his-statement said, "that the paramount duty of the voters of Massachusetts is to defeat Henry CabotLodge. Mr. Lodge is on the wrongcide of great national and international questions. He is leading hisjjarty to certain defeat. The defeatof Mr. Lodge will not destroy theRepublican majority in the Senate,r but it will lessen the power of the-UOld Guard Bloc."ASHURST CARNEYAnnouncement has been received in Paris of the marriage of JVtissLula Ashurst, formerly of Paris, toMr. M. V. Carney, of Hill City,Kansas the ceremony being performed at Moreland, Kansas.The bride is a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Ashurst, ofParis, and until the death of her father, a few years ago, resided at theAshurst home, at the corner ofBoone and Cypress streets. For thepast year she has made her homewith her sister, Mrs. Garrett Kenney, and family, at Moreland, Kansas. She is a sister of Mrs. Chas.Ecton and Mrs. Jesse Craig of Fayette county and of Mrs. . CharlesPurnell and Mr. Lloyd Ashurst, ofAvon. Mrs. Joseph Redmon, of nearParis, is an aunt. The groom is ayoung business" man of Hill City."Following a brief wedding trip Mr.and Mrs. Carney will be at home inHill City., PERPETUAL MOTION(Danville Advocate)Some tome ago, W. J. Lay, of thePark'sville section cut his tobaccoand put it on sticks in his barn toremain until fully cured for themarket. When he had hung onestick in the top of the barn henoticed that it continued to rock.Two weeks later, some hunters passing by the barn and hearing thepecliar rocking noise began an investigation but were unable to discover the source. They calfed Mr.,Lay and much to his surprise, it wasdiscovered that the tobacco was stilllocking with as much force as whenit was placed on the top rack in thebarn.SOFT DRINK STAND IS PUBLICPLACEi -Those who insist on dying byjlnches should swallow a tape line.Judge Cochran after hearing motions to squash pf esecution of several persons charged with the violation of the Volstead law, at Covington, after the officers had enteredtheir places and taken samples ofbeer and otherwise investigated thepremises, held that a soft drinkstand is a public place and that theprohibition officers have the sameright to enter as any one else. Ifwhen in there, said the court, they"smell" or observe the sale of beverages they have the right to takesample without first having; obtained a search warrant.McDANIEL'SINTRODUCTORY .SALE-Will Save You 25 to 30 Per Centon -VReady-to-WearFurnishingsShoes and Dry Goods(For the Whole Family)NOW GOING ON621 Main Street E. Tenn. Phone 1234Services will be held at St.Peter's Episcopal church, at 10:45Sunday morning, conducted by therector, Rev. W. S. Cain. Sundayschool at 9:30 a. m. The public iscordially invited to attend .this service. Gospel meetings, conducted byEvangelist E. L. Sanford and Samand Sallie Guyn, singing evangelists,will begin Saturday, November 4, atthe Ruddles Mills' Methodist church.These evangelists have just closedsuccessful meetings at Mt. 'Sterlingfand Winchester.i The revival at the Millersburg'Christian church, continues with increasing interest, manifested by thelarge audiences attending each service. Rev. G. W. Nutter, assistedby Rev. J. W. Sellers and Singing(Evangelist Martin, conducts the ser-vices- each morning at 7:30 o'clock,and evening at 7:00. The serviceswill continue through the week.The Blue Grass Epworth LeagueUnion held its regular meetingMonday night at the Methodistchurch, in Georgetown. Seventyyoung people from Paris, Lexingtonand Georgetown attended. DennisV. Snapp, of Paris, former presidentof the Kentucky Conference of theEpworth League, gave a talk on thesubject, "The Work of The LocalChapter." Special music was givenby. members of the Georgetown organization. After the program refreshments were served.The Senior and Junior Endeavors of the Presbyterian churchwill give a Hallowe'en party Friday,October 27th.- All active and honorary members are invited.A ghost will greet you at a quarterof .eight,And lead you through a witcherygate i 'Into a room that will please and delight! Then at ten the witch will bid allgood night.The second prayer meeting dfthe series by the Presbyterianchurch, being held for men Was. heldyesterday afternoon in Harry" Lihville's shoe store. Rev. Crockett ledthe meeting. The third of the serieswill be held this afternoon (Friday)in the Bourbons Agricultural Bankbuilding. This meeting will be ledby Rev. Walter Cain. The men ofthe town are invited to spend fifteen minutes, 3 to 3.15, in prayerfor the success of the Thacker meeting, which begins Sunday.Dr. J. Ernest Thacker, who is tohold a two-weeks' revival in the"First Presbyterian church, is ex-'pected to arrive Saturday with hissong leader, Mr. T. B. Roddy. Themeeting will begin with the serviceSunday morning, when Dr. Thackerwill preach. Dr. Thacker comesfrom Crockett, Texas, where he hasbeen in a revival in the Presbyterianchurch' theie. Dr. Thacker is one ofthe outstanding evengelists of theSouthern Presbyterian church. Thecommunity is fortifnate to have the'opportunity to hear him for twoweeks. A large chorus choir hasbeen arranged, and had a practiceWednesday night. They will be inreadiness to lead the singing during the meeting under the directionof Mr. Roddy. The hours of servicewill be 10:55 a. m. and 7:30 p.m.Sundays, and 10:30 a. m. and 7:30p m. during the week, with the excepton of Saturdays. The people ofthe other churches of the city are'cordially invited to attend and enjoy this series of meetings. Therewill be a special meeting for children and young people of the townSunday afternoon at 3 p. m. Allthe children and young people of thetown are invited to this meeting.Sunday School at 9: 30-a. m., Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m.DIGS UP POT OF GOLDWhile digging a pit for a sawmillnear Mt. Victory, in Pulaski county, it became known, Dave Jonesdrove his pick into a pot containingthe equivalent of $48,000 in gold ofancient English coinage. The pot isin the custody of the State BankingCommissioner at Frankfort forinvestigation of ownership. Themoney is to be kept 12 months, during which time claims may be filedfor ownership, but if these are notproperly proved Jones gets themoney, it is said.Jones said he estimated the valueof the coins at $18,000, but theFrankfort authorities weighed it toascertain its value. The pot borethe initials "J B."In pioneer Kentucky days thissection was the scene oftihe operations of a band of robbers who killed!a number of settlers, records show.It is believed either that some settler buried the money to hide itfrom them, or it was hidden there bythe robbers.oThe lad who courts his girl nearihe front window evidently believesin winning by a shade.oThey say there are more oratorsin this country than ever. No wonder that crime is on the increase.o -The breezy chap too often has aALAMO2:00 to 5:00 -PRICESAdults 30cChildren lOcSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15-Tickets....On Sale at Box Office$1GRAND7:00 to 10s30PRICES.Adults 30cGallery 20cChildren 10cFRIDAY 2 Big Features FRIDAYVIOLA DANA 'There AreNo Villains'A. dashing, daring story of a daring, dashing- lfttle girl -who played thegame of "love" and "won."CuIIen Landis 'BuntyPofo the String'A wee bit of a story of Ofd Scotland, with plenty of humor and Pathos You'll enjoy it.Saturday Wm. Fox Presents SaturdayJohn Gilbert "Arabian love"A story of, desert sands and naming love SEE the thrilling rescueof the white girl from .the Sheik's camp SEE the picturesque desertcavern, beautiful Arabian horses a Sahara night by moonlight SEEA picture that is better than "The Sheik."I0VE AND WAE," A POX COMEDY, AND . "PATHE NEWSMonday Goldwyn Pictures Present MondayMabel Julienne Scott with Lewis Stonein "Don't Neglect Your Wife"A. picture for husbands and wives, and all those who expect to bemarried.HARRY MYERS IN -"ROBINSON CRUSOE," ANDPATHE REVIEWBIRTHS"IMMEDIATE DRIVE POR JEPPER-SON DAVIS MONUMENTIn this city Tuesday morning,to the wife of Howard Doyle, adaughter.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, to the wife of William Rowland, oFParis, ason.Near Jacksonville, this county,to the wife of Morris C! Shanks, adaughter, their first-born. Mrs.Shanks was formerly Miss VirginiaHughes, of Ruddles Mills.Mr. and Mrs. Ireland Davis arethe j?roud parents of a fine baby son,born at their home on Houston avenue. Mrs. Davis was formerly MissMec Butler, qf Millersburg. "Bit"fs' the busiest man in Paris acknowledging congratulations.Friends in this city have received the following cards fromGadsden, Alabaman"Mr. and Mrs. Frederick TheodoreAgricolaannounce the birth ofFrederick Theodore Agricola, Jr.,on October 19, 1922.Weight, 7 pounds."Mrs. Agricola was formerly MissHazel Swanson, daughter of formerGovernor Swanson, of Alabama, andhad been a visitor in Paris.The Jefferson Davis home association held a special meeting in Louisville and adopted resolutions asking "that the Kentucky "division,Daughters of the Confederacy, conduct within the next three weekstheir -campaign to raise funds forcompletion of the Jefferson Davismonument. New members of the association boardalso were elected.General W. B. Haldeman, president of the association, and itsmembers are anxious that a goodshowing be presented to the national convention of the UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy atBirmingham, November 15, whenthe national body will be asked tosupport the movement.New members elected to the association board were L. -P. Bernard,of Louisville, Desha Breckinridge,Lexington, Captain John S. Abrams,of Louisville, Mrs. Mary DowlingBond, of Lawrenceburg, and E. F.Simms, of Paris.Our favorite pest to-day is theprophet who predicts a long, coldwinter.-mmmjlDEATHSEafe Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Mnst PayFERGUSONThe funeral of David G. Ferguson, a former resident of Paris, whodied at his home in Minneapolis,Minn., of apoplexy, was held at 2:30o'clock yesterday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave inLexington Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris ChristianchurchMr. Ferguson was a son of the lateNoah and Sarah E. Dudley Ferguson, and is survived by his widow,Mrs. Anna Davis Ferguson; four sisters, Mrs. J. E. Warren, of Lexington; Mrs. D. G. Taylor and Mrs. L.D. Redmon, of Paris, Mrs. J. J. Ecton, of Winchester; and one brother,W. W. Ferguson, of Minneapolis.The little boy thinks of Hades asa place where soap ads threaten onevery street.oWhen men set their minds onsomething, there's no telling whatthey'll hatch out.Opportunities For ThriftGREATER VALUE'S FOR SATURDAY AND NEXT WEEKFALL FOOTWEARIncluding all the newest novelty styles ata great saving on every pair.Buy at Paris' Greatest Shoe. StoreSAVE THE DIFFERENCEw. fajw jtM--feSpecial Sale Ladies' and Growing Girls Tan Lace Boots, low ) CfeQand medium height rubber heels. Special at'. PJbib77Ladies' newest beaded Satin StrapSlippers a wonderful value.Special, $3.95 and$2.85Ladies'vnew Fall Patent and TanLace Oxfords.Special$3.45SPECIAL! Ladies' Soft Kid Comfort Shoes, rubber heels.Special at v T$1.99Men's new Fall Footwear. Wesave you money on every pair.Newest Tan and Black leathers.Now on s.ale at $2.95, $3,45. .Men's Work and Scout Shoes. Tanand Black. Specials$3.95$1.95Boys and Girls' School ShoesMisses' and Children's Tan LaceBoots. All sizes 8 up to 2.Special ,Boys' and Youths' Tan Shoes. Greatfor wear. Special$1.99$1.99POSNER BROS.Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreDAN COHEN STAND 336 MAIN STREET-aJ windy way about him.V:nB-& ;r'-a '"vir:.- - V . -. ?'&r" 4SI JL- &-&.--- r1 . IW '" -"'. VRr-, ''- "x-" t "irf 'S?e--Tv5&- 5"3w tot-ti-W.iWS?" ' N7 ' . .1 -r'--Hrfn-:.. jst w j,i