-"THE&et!st;.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.NVOLUME XL! IPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1922. vBOURBONNEWSTBEDERICK WALIIS APPOINTEDTO TINE POSITIONInformation has been receivedliere from New York City that FredA. Wallis, of Paris and New York,has been appointed by Mayor Hylanto the important position in his cabinet of commissioner of charitiesand corrections, carrying with it asalary of $10,000 per year.Mr. "Wallis is eminently qualifiedfor this position. His efforts duringthe past years for the moral upliftof humanity will be given addedzest and his opportunities in hisnew position will be unlimited. Hewill have control of every charitable and penal institution in GreaterNew York.Mr. Wallis, who was until recently commissioner of immigrationat the port of New York, has takena profound interest in the immigration question, and his experience.gained while holding that positionwill add greatly to his usefulness inhis new position.Mr. Wallis is the second Bourboncounty man to hold this responsiblecharities position, John W. Keller,of Ruddles Mills, Bourbon county,Tiaving filled the position underMayor Van Wyck several years ago.OUR PRINTING OUR STAR SALESHAN When THE NEWS job rooms receives an order for printing, we donot go to work on the theory thatthe customer merely wants something "set up."The personal intimate touchwhich is dominant in our establishment is assurance that your salesideas will not be wasted in the process of printing.Printing, to be useful, must havecompelling qualities. If it carriesthose qualities, it becomes an indispensable business asset.You will make no mistake byplacing your orders for printing inthe hands of THE NEWS job men,for like a famous breakfast food,"There's a reason," and "We knowhow." Work done when promised.Cheap work done good; good workdone cheap.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tn"THE PRIDEJfJtiappytit&For .EverybodyiHTTff:ir,hMllty,i-M-X MMSMtAi -TOTTEiffi-JDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYTHE NEW YEAR, 1923With all its joys and sorrows, theold year of 1922 is fast drawing toa close and its dying breath fills theair in tones mighty like a dirge.Those who have tasted the bitter!cup of . disappointment should washtheir hands of the old year, and allthat it leaves behind, and try tomake the coming year a much betterone.This is a pretty good old world after all, and our lot is just aboutwhat we make it. So let us all tryto live as nearly to the Golden Ruleas we can, and give proper thanksto Him who makes it possible for usto enjoy the blessings of the land ofliberty.To each of our readers and toeach of our business patrons, to allour friends, and even our enemies,if we have many, we wish a Happy New Year, and thus it must beif you will only know that truehappiness comes from within.Bring wha;t the New Year may,to ourselves, our friends, our city,our county, our State and our'Na-tion, there will be genuine joy,when its days are numbered, in therealization that we havedone whatwe could, to alleviate suffering, tosoothe sorrow, to promote peace andhappiness and justice, and to diffusethe blessed gospel of love, charityand tolerance. Our opportunitiesfor service may not be brilliant, butthey exist. We may never be knownfar outside our little circle of family and friends, but no such circumscribed field limits our usefulness orour possibilities of service to thecity and county, since there are somany ways in which it can be done.And one of these will be to publishthe best county paper in CentralKentucky.THE NEWS will endeavor in thenew year to maintain the same highstandard and merit the approval ofall, that it has during the year nowclosing To one and all, then, AHappy New Year !GOOD PRICES FOR TURKEYSThirty-two turkeys averaging17 pounds, raised by Miss NancyLou Owens, daughter of Clay Owens,at her home on the Ford Mill pike,near Paris, brought the sum of$203.20, in a Winchester market.The young lady feels proud of hersuccess in raising turkeys for aprofitable price.OF PARISiWewear-,t,tCOURT NEWSRoy Vansant, formerly of Paris,was arraigned in the County Courtat Carlisle Wednesday afternoon. berore Judge A. B. Tilton, on twoI charges, one of transporting spirit-0us liquor, the other with havingliquor in his possession. The maximum penalty, $300 fine and sixtydays in jail, was given him in eachcase. Vansant announced his intention of taking an appeal to thehigher court.Vansant was placed under arrestfollowing the finding of about twenty gallons of moonshine liquor atI the home of Mrs. Bessie Dunn, inCarlisle, about two weeks ago. , Thecase against Mrs. Dunn, chargedwith having liquor in her possession, was continued when called inthe County Court, Wednesday, onaccount of illness of the defendant.June Tutter and Charles, alias"Scuffles" Clark, colored, were arrested by Chief of Police Link andPatrolman George M. Hill, chargedwith an assault on George Evans,colored farm hand, and robbing himof $14. The hold-up took place onSycamore street. Evans alleged themen held him up at the point of arevolver, and dragged him into analley between two buildings, andafter beating him severely took hismoney. They were given a' hearingin the County Court Wednesday afternoon before Judge George Batterton, and held to the grand juryat the March term of the BourbonCircuit Court, Tutter's bond wasfixed at $750, and Clark's at $300.Both were sent to jail in default ofthe requisite bond being furnished.Tutter, French "Sook" Clay,Henry Spencer and Frank Scott, allcolored were arrested charged withattempting to 10b Parker Barnhilland Walter Leeds, two white men,about eleven o'clock, Christmasnight, as the men were drivingtheir car into the garage of theKenney Motor Co., at the corner ofMain and Eighth streets. The evidence stated that Tutter had pulledBarnhill out of his car and told oneof the other negroes to choke offthe engine while they got the driver, An employe of the garageheard the commotion and came tothe rescue, with a revolver, dispersing the negroes before the 10bbery was completed. The menwere given a hearing Wednesday afternoon before County Judge GeorgeBatterton, in the County Court, andheld to the grand jury, Tutter under $500 bond, Spencer under $500,Scott under $250, and Clay under$150. All were remanded to jail.Sheriff M. Peale Collier, DeputySheriffs James Gibson and DouglasThomas and Patrolman Roy Turner,made a descent on he home of BobCollier, colored, in Claysville, andafter a close search, found one quartof moonshine, in concealment, and anumber of empty bottles, that hadpreviously contained liquor. Collier was placed under arrest andwhen brought before County JudgeGeorge Batterton could not remember where he got the liquor. Hewas sent back to jail to try out amemory course, until such time ashis memory should be 4n bettercondition to serve him.0 ' ,NOTICE, DOG OWNERSALL DOGS MUST BE LICENSEDFOR 1923 AND MUST WEAR, THETAG. NO ONE IS ALLOWED TOOWN OR HARBOR ANT DOGW'THOUT COMPLYING WITHTHIS LAW.M. PEALE COLLIER, SHERIFF.FIRE THREATENS GARAGEOnly the quick and efficient workrendered by the Paris fire department prevented what threatened tobe a serious fireMonday night whenthey were called to the Franklingarage at the corner of Main andSecond streets, by an alarm fromBox 41.A colored man passing by sawsmoke coming from a window in therear of the garage and promptlysent in the alarm. When the fire-men arrived they found a big tourI ing car in the machine shop in the.rear of the garage in flames.j Breaking in a side window tney soonI had two streams of water playingon the machineand on the ceiling ofthe machine shop, which was blazing freely.j The fire was supposed to have'originated in the ignition system ofthe machine. Three other machinesin the garage were damaged. Amachine shop in the basement! suffered considerable loss from water.The garage is operated vby ClayCostigan. Hiss loss is partly covered by insurance. The building isowned by Mrs. Henry Butler. It hasbeen the scene of three serious firesin the past twenty-five years.THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANFire, Wind amd IifkbufMfce pPARIS CITY SCHOOLS TO OPENJANUARY 2.With the opening of the CitySchools next Tuesday many activities will begin. The week's vacation will put new life and enthusiasm into both teachers and pupils.The basket ball season for bothtoys and girls will open January 5.Prof. Shaw has arranged most interesting schedules, and the FirstNational Bank had these schedulesprinted in very attractive form andgave them to the school, for whichgift we thank the bank very much.Miss Robins and Mr. Dawes willhave their teams in excellent condition f"or the opening games.This year's vocational guidancecouis of lectures will open January 28; and will consist of twentyfour leptures. A number of Parisspeakers will appear on their program. Several new evening classes willopen with the next semester. TheUniversity Extension Course willstart again next week and will beopen to new sfludents.One of the most interesting eventsof the new semester- will be thestarting of the new Freshman class.ProL Shaw, who is succeeding sowell ;with his work in the HighSchool, will have charge of thisnew class.Three of the most interestingnumbers in our lyceum course areyet to be given.Rehearsals on the Sophomore playwill start soon after the mid-yearexaminations are over. IWork on the v1923 annual is wellunder way now, and is in charge ofProf. Scott, which insures its success. Miss Bramblett will start theSenior Class play in February andwill train two complete casts.Miss Lockhart will start training the debating team January 22for the State contest.Miss Harbold and the Latin Clubwill soon start work on the StateLatin Tournament, which will beheld in Paris in May. "The Parisian Oracle," the Latin club paper,will be mailed in February to everyLatin teacher in Kentucky, givingthe plans for the tournament.Miss Butler will have the sciencelaboratories restocked ready for tshenew semester.Miss Woodruff plans the organization of a romance language clubfor the High School next semester.The English teachers in theHigh School are planning the organization of a State association pfEnglish teachers, iEarly in January the High School,with the aid of Mr. Humphries, ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.,will begin preparations for theBible study contest. Paris won twoState cups last. year and will try towin both cups again.Mr. H. M. Clay will prepare anexhibit of work done by the students in manual training- Since the opening of school inSeptember we have had, more parents, visit the school than v we haveever had. We enjoy this verymuch, and we hope from now on tohave visitofrs in every room everyday. It encourages both pupils andteachers. Miss Br&nnan, in thefourth. grade, has, I oelieve, had avisitor-every day Since September,,'land number of other teachers 4Xvre nearly averaged one a, day.Come when ever you can, you arealways welcome 7 "SUJ LEE TtciKPATRXCK, Supk- IqREEL FOOT LATE FISH. JUST RECEIVED A SHIPMENTOF REEL FOOT LAKE FISH.THEY ARE FINE., PHONE USYOUR ORDER.LOGAN HOWARD.NOTICE TO THE PUBLICThe Paris Public Library, whichclosed on December 22 for the holidays will be open at .the usualhours on Tuesday, January 2. TheLibrarian thanks the reading publicfor courtesies and appreciation during the year now closing.oMONDAY, NEW YEAR'S DAY ALEGAL HOLIDAY -Next Monday, January 1, beingNew Year's Day, is a legal holiday,and as such will be observed by thebanks and the postoflice, which -willbe closed for the day. The usual'opening regulations will be observed at the postoflice. No rural maildeliveries will be made that, day,and but one collection and one delivery in the business district. Theday will be made a holiday inother ways, most of the businesshouses closing for the day. It willalso be Court Day, but hardly likelyto be a brisk one, on account of hepresence of the universal bill-collectorsand other considerations.Attend to matters of finance andpostage to-day and to-morrow, ifpossible, for if you wait until Monday, you are likely to meet -'Withdisappointment, and then wonderwhy omone hadn't told -you aboutit. - . . xY. M. C. A. NOTESPlans are being made for a bigtime at the Paris Y. M. C. A. onNew Year's Day.Starting at 9:30 a. m. the younger boys gym class will put on anexhibition in the gymnasium ledby Harry Lancaster. The boys havebeen working hard to make this interesting, and parents and friendsare urged not to miss this part ofthe program.At 11 o'clock two races have beenarranged for. A half-mile race forboys under 14 years, with two silvermedals as prizes, will interest theyounger boys. For boys over fourteen, a three-mile race has been arranged, with silver and bronze medals as prizes.At 2:00 p. m. the midget team oflast year is scheduled to battleagainst this year's team in basketball.At 3:00 p. m., the social. committee has arranged a musical program, consisting of vocal and instrumental selections, followed byrefreshments.The wind-up of the day will consist of a basket ball game betweenthe Paris Senior team and the Lawrenceburg five. The Paris boys metdefeat at the hands of Lawrenceburg last week, so they are out towin this game on their own floor.The game will start at eight p. m.The building will be open for inspection all day and the public iscordially invited to come and spendthe day.-o -AGED MAN STRUCK BY AUTOCapt. F. E. Nelson, contractor,and former business iftan of Paris, isconfined to his bed att his home onSeventh street, as the result of anaccident which occurred on Eighthstreet Wednesday afternoon.Capt. Nelson was passing theKenney Motor 'Co.'s garage onEighth street, when a car, said tohave been driven by Everett English, backed rapidly out, strikingCapt. Nelson, who did not see themachine in time to get out of theway. He was thrown down, the carstriking him in the left groin, inflicting a deep gash. He was otherwise injured, but the extent had notbeen determined yesterday by hisphysicians, who were fearful of internal injury having been sustained. On account of his advanced age,he being now in his eightieth, year,it is feared the accident may provefatal.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSLastIf you are in need of any ready-to-weargarments, BUY NOW!Our Spring Merchandise is arriving we must have space.Our entire stock of Ready-to-WearGarments, includingCoatsSuitsDressesSkirtsBlousesand-'FursTo be sold atthem at once.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSHEAVY HOLIDAY TRADE JMPARIS.The holiday trade in Paris issaid by merchants to have been theheaviest in recent years. All tkemerchants report a rushing business, especially in the last days, oron Monday. Saturday was one of thebusiest days of the year. Peoplethis year made their purchases of amore substantial nature than heretofore, and gave gifts that reallyhad some substantial value. Manymerchants reported selling out theirstosks completely, and some had toreplenish certain lines at the verylast moment.At the postoflice the businesstransacted was a of large volumethan the year before. PostmasterPayne and his force were up totheir eyes in packages, etc., from thevery start of the holiday season, butan efficient system enabled them toget everything away in ship shapeand the general public had no complaints to make.CHILD BADLY INJUREDJimmie Craven, little son of Mr.and Mrs. James E. Craven was, seriously injured Tuesday by beingthrown from a bicycle he was ridingon Eighth streeti. The little fellowwas trying to avoid striking a littlegirl who was riding on a wheel approaching him, when his wheelswerved, throwing him to thestreet. He sustained serious injuries about the head and body, andwas rendered unconscious for a longtime. He was picked up and takento his home, where he was givenmedical attention.REAL ESTATE DEALSThe Blue Grass Realty Companysold for John Richards, his five-roomcottage, located on Lilleston aveavenue, to Ollie Wilson, for a pricenot given out for publication.William Hall sold to Arris Overgya brick cottage located on Highstreet, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth streets, for a private price.The property has a nice garage attached. NOTICEALL TAXES NOT PAD) BYWEDNESDAY, JANUARY .3, WILLBE ADVERTISED FOR SALE.M. PEALE COLLIER, SHERIFF.Call- .;ri4COST to moveKruKte r-rs?-fc.VJ-"-"V-.'1-'- (.:r i.vPAGCTWTHE BOURBON NEWSfcrtaWiihed 18P" 41 Years of Continuous PublicationFablished Every Tuesday and PridayPer Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.WOT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poctoffie as Mail Matter of thSecond Class.)OUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES New York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.wv&fZfi-uADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will bealadly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.LOW WATER REVEALS RIVERTRAGEDYLow water, uncovering the skeleton of the old steamboat Pacific, inthe Ohio river, at Uniontown, Kybrings back to the memories of theold people at Uniontown one of theworst disasters that ever occurredon the lower Ohio river. The craft,which operated in the early sixtiesbetween Cincinnati and New Orleans, was one of the most magnificent of the day, being a side-wheelboat. While coaling near Uniontown a deck light, in those days aniron bucket filled with fagots and.fed with rosin, swung too close tosome hay on the boat, setting it onfire. The owner of the mine, wherethe boat was coaling, to protect hisown property, cut the anchor lines,allowing the blazing craft to floatdown the river. Several of the crew,passengers and live stock perishedin the flames and the boat wentdown in the narrows, known as theHighland Rocks.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTLula Anderson Plaintiff4 Vs. Notice of Sale.Woodford Anderson, Etc. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sa;le rendered atthe November term of the BourbonCircuit Court, ia the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned' Master Commisionef, on "SATURDAY, JANUARY 6, 1923,at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris, Kentucky ,"at aboutthe hour of 11 o'clock a. m., willsell at public, outcry to the highestand best bidder, the following described property, to-wit:That certain tract or parcel oflapd located in Ruckerville, asuburb of Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, and known as Lot No.8 on the plat of Ruckerville,fronting 38 feet on First Street,and running back the same width56 feet, and adjoining lot No. 7,on said plat, sold to Carolyn Turner; being the property conveyedto Henrietta Lawson by H. M.Rucker by deed of date Ja,nuaTy23, 1885, and of record in theoffice of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty Court in Deed Book ,68,page 348.Said sale will be made upon acredit of six months, the purchaseror purchasers being required to. execute bond, with good and approvedsurety, due six months from dateof sale and bearing interest a;t therate of Six Per Cent (6) fromdate of sale until paid, said bondhaving the force and effect of judgment, with a lien retained upon theproperty to further secure its payment. Said sale is made for the purposecf a division among the parties ininterest.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.'dec22-2S-jaS) "Mv WIsOhIoan. xThe Toledo (Ohio) Blade asserts asa well-known fact that no girl everenters a beauty contest herself. Shealways has friends in need who possess her photographs. One of themcan be trusted to do the right thing.OLD MAGAZNESOld magazines, of all kinds,wrapped in bundles. Given to firstcomer. List embraces all the wellknown publications, including alarge lot of sporting magazines.They will furnish good readingthrough the winter for someone.Come and get them. Call at THENEWS office.MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe Clark CountyNational Bank PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Thomas Butler, Et Al. .DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale, rendered atthe November term, 1922, of theBourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,onSATURDAY. JANUARY 6, 1923at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris. Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 2 o'clock, p. m., willsell at public outcry to the highestand best bidder, so much of the following described property as maybe necessary to satisfy the plaintiff'sjudgment, interest and costs referred to below:A certain tract of land lyingand being in Bourbon County,Kentucky, described as follows:On the waters of Stoner Creekat Simmons Mill, on the NorthMiddletown and Stony PointTurnpike Road, about one milewest of North Middletown, Kentucky, and bounded and described Jas follows, to-wit:Beginning at a post corner toJohn Stigall and Dan Gaitskill;thence along Gaitskill's line S25deg. W 501 feet to post at agate on side of lane; thence alonglane S 85 deg. W542 feet to postcorner to William Wilson; thencealong his line N 41 deg. W 240feet; thence S 49 deg. 15 min.W 197 feet to walnut tree;thence S 59 deg. 30 min; W 115feet to east bank of Stoner Creek;thence down said bank of creekN 16 deg. 15 min. W 113 feet,N 55 deg. W 153 feet; N. 67 deg.W 130 feet; N 66 deg. 15 min.W 360 feet; N 53 deg. 30 min.W 220 feet; N 39 deg. 15 min. W100 feet; N 27 deg. 30 min. W100 feet; N 16 deg. 20 min. W100 feet; N 30 min. E 200 feet;N 24 deg. E 300 feet N 30 deg.30 min. E 200 feet; N 36 deg. 45min. E 100 feet; N 54 deg. E 100feet; N 70 deg. E 100 feet; S 89deg. E 10 feet; S 76 deg. 10 min.E 100 feet; S 58 deg. E 300 feet;S 36 deg. 45 min. E 50 feet toStigall's corner; thence alongStigall's line S 12 deg. 30 min. E245 feet S 27 deg. 45 min. E 100feet; S 52 deg. 30 min. E 130feet; S 82 deg. 45 min. E 180feet; S 77 deg. 30 min. E 320feet; S 62 deg. 45 min. E 110feet; S 43 deg. E 211 feet tothree elm trees; thence S 55 deg.15 min. E 241 feet to the placeof beginning, containing 46-459.1000 acres, and being a part ofthe same property deeded to J. W.Wheeler, et el., by John F. Rich.ardson and wife on the 1st day ofMarch, 1912, by deed recorded inBourbon County Court Clerk'sOffice, Deed Book 99, page 480.There is also a. right-of-way orpassway across the creek from theabove boundary of land to theroad, said passway being situatedjust below the old dam. and saidpassway is hereby given andgranted and for the use and benefit of the owner or owners of theabove described tract of land.Said sale will be made uponcredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondsfor 'equal parts of the purchaseprice, with good and approved surety, bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent (6) per annum fromdate of sale, until paid, having theforce and effect of judgments, witha lien retained upon the property tofurther secure their payment.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the plaintiff's debt ofThirty-six Hundred and Seventy Dollars and Twenty-six Cents ($3,670.26) with interest from September 1,1921, and Thirty Six Hundred andSeventy Dollars and Twenty-sixCents ($3,670.26) with interest fromMarch 1, 1921, subject to a credit ofNinety-nine Dollars and NinetyCents ($99.90) as of September 12,1921. and the costs of this proceeding, the debt, interest and cost being estimated as of date of sale, atEighty One Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($8,150.00.)O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit court.,(dec22-29-jan5) .- ' j?THE BOURBON NEWS,.No matter how poor he is, thecornetist,can always blow a note ortwo.PIANOSSteinway and other high gradePianos, Players and Talking Machines, Music Rolls and Record.Cash or easy terms may be arranged. Tuning and repairing a specialty. J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.226 Main St., Upstairs, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 201.(tf-F)Master's Notice!JAMES CALDWELL,As Administrator of JOHNTAYLOR, Etc PlaintiffVs. Notice to Prove ClaimsMAGGIE JOHNSON. Etc . DefendantAll persons having claims againstthe estate of John Taylor, deceased.are hereby notified to present sameproperly proven as required by law,to the undersigned Master Commissioner, at any .time during officehours, prior to March 1. 1923, atwhich time all claims will be barred. Done pursuant to order of theBourbon Circuit Court, entered atthe November term, in the abovestyled case therein pending.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(19-22-26-29)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe Clark CountyNational Bank PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Will Stuart, Et. A1.. ..DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale, rendered atthe November term, 1922, of theBourbon Circuit Court in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner.iSATURDAY, JAN. 6. 1923-at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 2 o'clock, p. m., will sellat public outcry to the highest andbest bidder, so much of the following described property as may benecessary to satisfy the plaintiff'sjudgment, interest and costs referred to below:A tract or parcel of land situated in Bourbon County. Kentucky, at Simmons Mill, on theNorth Middletown and StonyPoint turnpike road about onemile from North Middletown.Kentucky, and bounded and described as follows, to-wit: Beginning at a point on the . Northside of said pike, corner to J.Jackson; thence along his lines N16 deg. 50 min. W 818 feet to.center of Stoner Creek; thence upcenter said creek S 76 - min. E329 feet; thence leaving centersaid creek and running S 25 deg.W 31 feet to a stake on southbank of said creek; thencealong top . of south bankof said creek along Hutsell'sline S 64 deg. 45 min. E 252 feet,S 63 deg. 55 min. E 309 feet,S 55 deg. 30 min. E 264 feet, S77 deg. E 427 feet. S 74 deg. 30min. E 228 feet, S 63 deg. 15 min.198 feet, to a-stake onsouth bank of creek; thence N ,78deg. E 48 feet to center of saidcreek to point corner to SteveFraley; thence-up center of creekand along Fraley's line S 5 deg.W 120 feet, S 14 deg. 25 min.W 100 feet, S 19 deg. W 455 feetto center of steel bridge over saidcreek; thence running along theaverage center of pike N 80 deg.10 min. W 100 feet N 67 deg. 30min. W 500 feet, N 68 deg. W772 feet, N 72 deg. 30 min. W215 feet to place of beginning,containing 26-383,1000 acres, excepting 7.100 of an acre, an oldgraveyard.property to further secure their paySaid sale will be made upon cred- ment.its of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondsfor equal parts of the purchaseprice, with good and approved surety, bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent. (6) per annum fromdgjte of sale, until paid, having theforce and effect of judgments, with alien retained upon the property tofurther secure their payment.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the plaintiff's .debt ofSixty-nine Hundred and Ninety OneDollars and Forty-Eight Cents($6,991.48) with interest fromMarch 1. 1921, and the costs of thisproceeding, the debt, interest andcost being estimated as of the dateof sale, at Seventy-nine Hundredand Seventy-five Dollars ($7,975.00)O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Cir-l cuit Court.-I (dec22-29-jan5) f-.PARIS, KENTUtffcJT jukNotice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the First National Bank, of Paris, Kentucky,will meet at their banking officeTuesday, January 9, 1823. betweenthe hours of 9 a. m. and 3 p. m.,for the election of directors for theensuing year.W. W. HALEY, President.JAMES N. W. McCLURE, Cashier.tillJan9)PUBLIC SALEWe will, as administrators of Mrs.Mollie Rice, on Monday, January 1,1923, at 11 o'clock a. m., at thecourt house door, sell at public auction 4 shares of Peoples DepositBank and Trust Co.'s, capital stockand 7 shares of the Bourbon To-bacco Warehouse stock.W. T. BRYAN,J. C. BRYAN,LOGAN BRYAN,Administrators Mrs. Mollie Rice.(dec26-29)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe Clark CountyNational Bank PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.John Stigall. Et. Al. . ..DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atat the November term, 1922, of theBourbon Circuit Court in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,onSATURDAY, JAN. 6. 1923at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris. Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 2 o'clock, p. m., will sellat public outcryto the highest andbest bidder, so much of the following described property as may benecessary to satisfy the plaintiff'sjudgment, interest and costs referred to below:A tract or parcel of land situated in Bourbon County, Kentucky, at Simmons Mill, on theNorth Middletown and StonyPoint turnpike road, about onemile west of North Middletown.Kentucky, and bounded and described as follows, to-wit:Beginning in center of said pikeat the west end of bridge; thencealong Stigall's original lines S 32deg. 30 -min. W 161 feet to edgeof road; thence S 33 deg. 15 min.E 290 feet S 29 deg. 30 min. E47 feet about 70 feet from cornerof old mill; thence crossingStoner Creek S 43 deg. 35 min. W223 feet to elm trees and Butler'scorner; thence N 43 deg. W 211feet to west bank of creek; thencealong same N 62 deg. 45 min. W110 feet along Butler's lines;thence N 77 deg. 30 min. W 320feet N 82 deg. 45 min. W 180feet N 52 deg. 30 min. W 130 ft.N 27 deg. 45 min. W 100 ft. N12 deg. 30 min. W 245 feet N 28deg. E 251 feet crossing StonerCreek to center of pike; thencealong center of same S 68 deg. E422 feet, S 67 deg. 30 min. E 500feet; thence S 80 deg. 10 min. E22 feet to place of beginning-, containing 11-803.1000 acres. Thisis a part of the same tract ofland conveyed to J. W. Wheeler,et. al., by John F. Richardson, bydeed recorded in Deed Book 99,page 480, Bourbon CountyCourt Clerk's office. Thereis excepted 'out of the foregoing boundary of land apass-way from the tract of landconveyed to .Thomas Butler, ofcolor, said passway being across.the creek just helow the old damfrom Butler's land out to theroad, and being reserved for thebenefit of the said forty-six acresof land conveyed to said Butler.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondsfor equal parts of the purchaseprice, with good and approvedsurety, bearing interest at the rateof six per cent. (6) per annumfrom date of sale, until paid, having the force and effect of judgments, witli a lien retained upon theSaid sale is made for the purposeof satisfying, the plaintiff's debt ofI Three Thousand and Twenty-nineDollars and Forty-two Cents($3,029.42) with interest from September 1, 1921. and the costs of thisproceeding, .the debt, interest andcosJt being estimated ajs of the dateof sale, at Thirty-five Hundred andFifty, Dollars ($3,550.ft0.)O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.(dec22-29-jan5)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS-Modern YA ufpmtat.Expert and Polite Serr .EOT AND COLD BATHS,.imsg &Wl1NOTICETO STOCKHOLDERSThe stockholders of the Depositand Peoples Bank and Trust Co., ofParis Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January1, 1923, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p m., to elect directorsfor the ensuing: year.SDLAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(nov24-td)NOTICETO STOCKHOLDERSThe stockholders of the Farmers'and Traders' Bank, of Paris, Ken-tucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 1, 1923,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m , to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.(nov24-td)NOTICETO STOCKHOLDERSThe stockholders of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January1, 1923, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect eleven directors for the ensuing year.SAM CLAY, President.BUCKNER WOODFOORD,Vice-President and Cashier.(nov24-td)PUBLIC SALEGood Bourbon Co. Farmof 2031 AcresThe undersigned administrators of Mrs. Mollie Rice, deceased, willonWednesday, January 10, 1923on the premises on the North Middletown and Plum turnpike, abouthalf-way between North Middletown and Plum, beginning about thehour of 10 a. m., expose to public sale her farm of 203 & acres, lyingnext to the lands of Robert Hopkins, George Wilson and Mrs. GeorgeFlanders.This farm is divided into two tracts, one S6 acres, the other 117acres. The tract of 117 acres has on it a 2-story, 5-room framedwelling, with combined stock and tobacco barn, also pair of livestockscales, lasting water any season. Tract of 86 acres has one small tenant dwelling, lasting water. Each tract has abundance of pike frontage-This farm will be offered first in separate tracts, then as a whole,best bid to be accepted; positively no by-bids. The high dollar buysthe farm.This farm has about 60 acres in rye, balance in grass.Graded schools and churches within about 2 miles, both at NorthMiddletown and Little Rock.Terms made known on day of sale. ' .,Immediate possession.We will be glad to show you this place at any time.j-W. T. BRYAN,LOGAN BRYAN,J. C. BRYAN, JR., rAdmrs. of the Estate of Mrs. Mollie Rice. rGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(26-td)PUBLIC SALEOPDesirable Residence and Household andKitchen Effects, Etc.The undersigned executor ofceased, will, onWednesday,on the premises at the corner of Pleasant Street and Duncan Avenue,Paris, Kentucky, beginning about the hour of 10 a. m., expose to public sale her home place located on the corner of Duncan Avenue andPleasant Street,, fronting about 66 feet on Pleasant Street and extending back along Duncan Avenue about 103 feet, and being 72 feet 7inches in the rear, and .having thereon a desirable brick residence ofseven rooms, bath room, and enclosed porch, and in excellent state ofpreservation and repair; heated with furnace and gas and stoves andsupplied with electric lights.TEBMS:The real estate will be sold one-third cash on delivery of deed,balance in six and twelve months, the .purchaser to execute purchasemoney notes bearing interest from date of sale and secured by a lienbeing reserved in deed. Possession to be given at once.PERSONAL PROPERTYThe undersigned executor will, at the same time and place, exposeto public sale a lot of household and kitchen furniture and personal effects, including sets of furniture, tables, chairs, mirrors, dining roomset .piano, victrola, rugs, carpets, bed clothing, towels, linens and numerous articles of a well-furnished home.TERMS:Sums under $50.00 cash, sums over $50.00' either cash or purchasermay give note with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, duefour months after date, with interest from date until paid.JOHN T. HllDGES,Executor of the Estate of Mrs. Laura W. Bayle.viJiiu. u. csfjciAjsjiis, Auctioneer. . i(decl9'-22-2-29-jan2)ktFRIDAY, DECEMBER 2t, lt21FOR RENTA 5-room flat, Main street, with,bath, electric lights and gas. Applyto D. Y. L. FARLEY,(8-tf) Both Phonne 48.Public Renting!Charles Willett, &cf Vs..AppellantsA. H. Willett, &c .AppellantsBy virtue of an order of the Bourbon Circuit Court made and enteredin the above styled cause on the2nd day of December, 1922, the undersigned Receiver will rent publicly at the, Court House door inParis, Kentucky, to the highest andbest bidder, onSATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1923,about the hour of 11 o'clock a. mthe farm located near HutchisonStation, on the Hutchison Stationand Bethlehem turnpike, owned bythe late Bessie Burgess, containingabout 65 acres with residence, outbuildings and tobacco barn thereon.Said renting will be for the term ofone year, beginning March 1, 1923,and ending March 1, 1924. Saidrent to be,come due and payable onMarch 1, 1924, for which the renterwill be required to execute bondwith good surety to be approved byand payable to the undersigned.The crop to be raised will be announced at the time of the renting.JOHN N. STEELE,Receiver.OFthe' estate of Laura W. Bayless, de3January 3, 1923.-i'- tf&?WvFRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1922THE BOURBON ,NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPACE rJ1?51w?3IIf some fellows would stand on adime they would remind -us of theWoolworth stores nothing over tencents.oIf it were not for parting, therewould be no joy in meeting.NEW YEAR1923Our cordial relations promptsus to extend to you a sincerewish for a Happy and Prosperous New Year.A VOTEE AT 43.Col. Jim Mart's "Old-time Notes"contains the following regarding awell-known pioneer citizen of Paris:"Death, at Paris, aged 76, ofNoah Spears, a native of Bour.boncounty. He developed so early inmanly appearance, that at the ageof thirteen he voted, being supposed to be a man. When a young manhe traded produce to New Orleans,in flatboats, and walked back."- isOur idea of a busy man is theRecording Angel taking notes of theactions of delegates to a convention.oThe pressers, cleaners and renovators have small use for the manwho never says "Dye."OBERDORFERTHE DRUGGISTHAPPYNEWYEARAppreciating our pleasantbusiness relations during thepast, we wish you the compliments of the season, andtrust that the coming NewYear will bring the best youhave ever known in Happiness and Prosperityw. H.PHILLIPS& CO.CHRISTMAS AND1923May the sunshine of theChristmas cheer enter intoyour heart and dwell thereinall the days of the NewYear.MRS. MAYME PARKERGreetingsThe Holiday Season affordsan opportunity to express toyou the pleasure we derivefrom the cordial relations existing between us.I wish you and yours aHappy New Year filled withPeace and Prosperity.Roche'sDrug StoreAT THIS HAPPIEST OFTIMES WE PAUSE TOTHANK YOURetrospecting, we feel it wouldbe ungrateful not to thankevery one of our friends fortheir patronage and the GoodWill they have given us duringthe year 1922. Realizing manymaterial accomplishments, thisstore cannot help being joyful 'for the appreciation shown byits patrons. May the New Yearbe one of unprecedented prosperity and success for all of us.PARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, Manager?I1923Heartiest Greetings andBest Wishesj PromMISS HOLLADAYPERSONALSEugene Roberts, of Shelbyville,is visiting his parents in this city,during the holidays.Miss Tillie Jaynes has returnedto her home in Lexington after avisit to friends in Paris.' Mrs. William S. Arnsparger hasreturned from a visit to her mother,Mrs. Mattie Baldwin, in Winchester. Miss Annabelle Harp is spending her holiday vacation with hergrandmother, Mrs. Allen Jones, inMt. Sterling.Mrs. J. Henry Puhrman leftWednesday for her winter home inWauchula, Florida, to spend the remainder of the winter.Rev. and Mrs. O. B. Crockettand children have returned from aholiday visit to Mrs. Crockett'smother, Mrs. Campbell", in Nicholasville. Mr. and Mrs. Roy F. Clendeninare spending the holidays in Eminence as guests of the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles. Clendenin. Miss Mary Katherine Doyle isat home for the holidays from St.Mary of The Woods College, withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. MartinDoyle.Mrs. E. K. Lovell, formerly ofParis, is seriously ill in a Winchester hospital. Mrs. Lovell is a sister-in-lawof A. B. Lovell, Eighthstreet grocer.Mr. and Mrs. Hayden Clementand son, Miss Roberta Lee Croxtonand Mr. Jos. Croxton, of near Winchester, were recent guests of relatives near Paris.Mrs. Wm. Burchfield, of Vincennes, Indiana, formerly MissLouise Bashford, of Paris, is a guestof her sisters, Mrs. H. A. Power andMiss Mary Bashford, in this city.J. W. Juett and R. D. Juetthave returned to their homes inCincinnati after a visit to their sister, Mrs. Lee McMillan, and Mr.McMillan, at their home on Secondstreet.Miss Louise Collier is at homefrom Oxford, Ohio, where she is attending school, to spend the holidays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.M. Peale Collier, on South Mainstreet.' Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins and son, Robert M. Hopkins,Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., are spendingthe holidays with Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Helm Clay, at their home onEighth street.Miss Nettie Pullen and MissLilly, members of the Science HillCollege faculty, in Shelbyville,' arespending the holiday vacation inParis as guests at the home of Mr.and Mrs. James McClure, Sr.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Buffington,of Columbus, Ohio, are visiting relatives in Paris and Millersburg.Mrs. Buffington was formerly MissSadie Hart, of Paris, sister of Mrs.W. M. Miller, of Millersburg.During the intermission at theElks Club Dance, given in Winchester, Monday evening, Miss LucyHunter gave a lovely supper at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.H. L. Hunter. Among the guestswas Harry Turney Clay, of Paris.Misses Sara and Helen Dedman, daughters of Judge Jas. Dedhan, of Cynthiana, are spending theweek-end in Paris as guests of Mr.and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and family, at their home on Second street.Miss Eunice Brown, of WestUnion, Ohio, and Miss Grace Crook,of Sharpsburg, are guests of MissAnn Rutherford Duncan, at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Charles A. Duncan, on Secondstreet.Miss Hallie Frank is entertaining the following guests at her homeon High street: Misses MargaretThompson and Hallie Hunter, ofWinchester; Beatrice Carr, of Asheville, N. C, and Pauline Prather, ofCynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Spearswere' hosts with a delightful sixo'clock dinner at their home on Cypress street, Tuesday evening. Covers were laid for twelve guests.This was the first of a series of entertainments to be given throughthe coming season.One of the delightful entertainments of the holiday season was thedance given in Winchester Mondaynight by the Elks Club of that city.The hall was beautifully decoratedwith Christmas emblems. Amongthose, who attended were MissesElmeta Hinton and Nannette Arkle, and Mr. Fithian Arkle, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Weathersentertained Christmas Day with afamily reunion at their home nearClintonville, the hospitality including Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson Weathers, W. H. Clark, Misses Hattie,Lelia and Mary Clark, Mr. and Mrs.John Clark, Mr. and Mrs. ThornwellTadlock, Mr. and Mrs. Brooks Woodford and daughter, Miss BetsyWoodford, Mrs. Mary Haley andson, William Haley, Mr. and Mrs.Sam Weathers.Mr. and Mrs. B. W. Spencer entertained at their home on SouthMain street in honor of Miss Martha Bedford and Marion Bedford.A delightful luncheon was served,and dancing and cards were enjoyed throughout the evening. Theguests were: Misses Anna Jones,Lucy Gardner, Alice Quisenberry,Nancy V. Woodford, Grace Alverson, Martha Bedford; 'Messrs. ZackBrown William Jones, Lisle Woodford, Marion Bedford;' -Mr. and Mrs.Walter Young. 'EDITORIAL FUNGSThe way we are heading, it won'tbe long before some company willeven put a meter on "the love lightin her eyes."mIf Jaunary is not too cold, someof the New Year resolutions thatwill be made may have a chance tolast until February.If you would garner from life's storeAnd find your basket full,A little push will get you moreThan trusting to a pull.Ddn't say you have nothing to bebe thankful for. How would youlike to wear vknee pants and a powdered wig and stay fussed up allday?Things are happening so rapidlyin the world to-day that we wouldnot be surprised to hear that someaviator had skimmed the cream offthe Milky Way.A man who gave the name "Benjamin Franklin" has been arrestedin a raid on an alleged dope ring.But then you see,, even great men'snames are not protected by copyright. In the midst of a hard, grindingday, no matter what your station inlife may be, it is awfully satisfyingand comforting to think suddenlythat some pal somewhere is lovingyou.""The worst pest we know of to-dayis the fellow who grabs you by thecollar, and gleefully chirps into yourear how his old boat gets .twentyfive miles an hour out of 'a gallonof gasoline.It was said that Fatty Arbuckle'sChristmas stocking contained thefollowing: ' When you were bad youwere horrid, but now you're good,oh, so very good, our welcome'sreally torrid. Will S. Hays."If Henry Ford should use in Kentucky for manufacturing, the coalhe is buying, Kentucky would realize handsomely on the coal, butshipping coal out does not increaseKentucky earnings.m mWhen farm labor be.comes organized the agricultural producerswill begin talking about the goodold days when there was no unionscale, and when the San Jose scalewas the only thing a fruit growerhad to contend with.When the, old year 1922 is endedand the newvyear 1923 is begun weshall wish to remember only' suchabiding things as love and faithand gladness and beauty. Let ustherefore put things into the newyear right at the beginning.The headline in the daily "papers,"264 Republicans Released FromPrison," caused irritation and alarmamong many Kentucky Democratsuntil they looked again and sawthat it occurred in Dublin, Ireland,and that Governor Morrow had nohand in it..If it were no,t for the gossips thecountry newspapers would have abetter chance to spread abroad thehappening of the hour, the day orthe week. What kind of a chancehas the newspaper to get "an exclusive" when the gossips get hold.of a choice piece of news?A very ordinary Paris man madethe following .very wise observation to me the other day: "I havelived nearly sixty years now, and Ihave made up my mind that inthe thousands of times I got mad atsomebody else I did not change theother fellow's belief one iota, norenlarge my own faith a bit."A pretty Paris girl came stormingout of a certain shoe store the otiherday. Curiosity got the better of me,and I asked the grinning clerk whostood at the counter;-" What's thematter?" The clerk replied: "Well,old man, I've got revenge at last.That was a telephone girl, and whenshe got her shoes I got my revenge,for I gave her the wrong number,just like she's handed me manytimes."The children . were gatheredaround a towering Christmas tree inParis, the other night, aglow withhappiness, the tree aglow with tinsel, lights and ornaments, and oldSanta Claus was just distributingpresents. One of the assistants wasattracted by the countenance of astreet urchin, none too warmlyclad, and not being able to placehim as one of those expected to bepresent, she sought to draw himout, so asked him: "Are you gladyou came, little fellow?" To whichthe youngster replied vociferously:"Hell, yes! Whatcher think. I'mhere fer." He got all he wanted inIHolidayGreetingsWith the deepest appreciationto all who have contributed somaterially to our success weextend our heartiest greetingsand sincerely wish all ourfriends and patronsA Prosperous andHappy New YearPaton Beauty ShopA Prosperous and HappyNEW YEARTO OUR FRIENDSOLD AND NEWWe heartily thank you forthe good will you have.shown us, and extend ourmost cordial greetings andbest wishes for yourpeace, prosperity and happiness in the coming year.JAS. E. CRAVENFarmers andTraders BankThis bank of the Christmasspirit sends hearty Yuletidegreetings to its depositors andfriends. May the "back-log"in the fireplace keep life's fireburning brightly on that sacredholiday. The steady progresswe have scored is, we think,good cause for our gratitudetoward those who have notfound their confidence in usmisplaced. To them greetings.To those whose acquaintance wehave yet to make, greetingsalso, and a cordial invitation tocome in and enroll their namesupon .our. books books, thatstand for safety, service and asincere desire to please.Think of your future happi1ness. Start a savings accountfor old age ahead.Farmers andTraders Bankrl1Isn,Ul1-1IT- I&11(Otfctr Personal oa Fzt g) a, hurry.w- - v r-Ak.ftatt-4 "iACTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 11TPAGE FOUR- Jisin iCOUSIN OF PARIS MAN NEWBANK HEADJoseph H. Waterfill, first cousinof T. E. Waterfill, vof the Paris Milling Co., was elected vice-presidentof the Citizens Union National Bankin Louisville, at a meeting of theBoard of Directors held Wednesday.Mr. Waterfill will continue to actyashead of the Fourth street branch of- the bank.Mr. Waterfill came to Louisville- in December, 1906, from the Lawrenceburg National Bank to take aposition as clerk at the Union National Bank, then located at Sixthand Main streets. He filled 'the position of teller, bookkeeper, assistant cashier and vice-president.Upon the merger of the Citizens ndUnion banks the latter part of 1919he became vice-president of the Citizens Union National Bank. In August, 1919, he was transferred tothe Fourth Street Bank as vicepresident and cashier.LOSES STOCK OF BUTTERFOR RENTA new 6-room bungalow, in January Court. All modern. Apply toJ. ELVOVE,Home Phone 198 or 360.C. S. Arthur, -traveling representative of a wholesale butter company, left his truck standing infront of an up-town pool room theother night, while he was arrangingsome business matters with theproprietor. While this was going onsome sneak thief or thieves relievedhis vehicle of a laTge lot of creamery butter, and a wallet, containingsome checks. The loss was discovered by Mr. Arthur when he cameout, and was reported to the police.Payment was immediately stoppedon the checks but the butter was notrecovered. It was stated that a largelot of it found its way to the counters of local merchants, who did notknow that it had been unlawfullydisposed of. It was stated that anegro man sold several pounds ofthe butter to a local grocer, statingthat it had been given-to "tlim by acountry woman to sell for her. Hedisappeared and has not been located.How fortunate, it is for some people that they don't have to give anote at the bank when they borrowtrouble.PUBLIC RENTING300 Acres Well - Improved FarmThursday, January 4, 1 0 a. m.Having decided to move to town, I will rent publicly, my farm of300 acres, situated on the Paris and Clintonville pike, about eightmiles from Paris and one mile from Clintonville, and described as follows: ,Two hundred and twenty-five acres with improvements, consistingof a 7-room dwelling, bath complete, plenty of water, acetylene lights,garage, buggy house, ice house, barns and all other buildings usuallyfound on an up-to-date farm. -The land is to be cultivated as follows:(1) 35 acres to plowed from old bluegrass sod for corn.(2) 5 acres for tobacco, also plowed in bluegrass sod.(3) 100 acres in new timothy meadow.(4) 40 acijes in rye and grass; the balance in bluegrass. .Also 75 -acres at Clintonville, 35 acres of which is in meadow, and40 acres in rye, and grass.The two tracts will be rented separately and then as a whole.Terms made known on the premises.For information r apply to(29-2t)HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Or S. L. WEATHERS, Owner, Paris, Ky.Closing Out to Quit Business.jgIi rCZ2?Wot having sufficient and suitable room to run my business asI would like to do, I have decided to close out my entire stockof goods with all my fixtures not later than February 1, 1923,as I must vacate the premises on that date. My stock consists of numerous items which is needed by, every family, suchas Ladies' and (rents' Furnishings and Notions, several piecesof Furniture, Metal Beds, all new Metal Springs, full size andhalf-size, Cotton Mattresses and Pads, Comforts, Blankets,Trunks, Suit Cases and hundreds of other useful "articles,which I will dispose of at the mercy of the good public.Now is your chance to buy goods at your own price.Sale begins, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 30, and will continuenot later than January 31. Come early while the stock is complete.J.ELVOVEHome Phone 360627 Main StreettcTHE BANK OF SERVICE"We Wish You aHappy New Yearand hope that nineteen .- twenty-three may bringyou a full measure ofPROSPERITY AND - 'I HAPPINESSBourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,010.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$1C5,H.N? .?: 'V- a- 'RELIGIOUSA Bsume of Events v In ReligiousCircles For Iresent andFutureServices at St. Peter's Episcopal church, Sunday morning at10:45 o'clock. Sermon and servicesby the rector, Rev. Walter S. Cain.Sunday School at 9:30 a. m.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHServices will be held at the,, regular hours. The subject of themorning sermon will be "God Bluffing The World." The subject forthe evening hour will be "CharacterWitnesses For God." Rev. T. S.Smylie, the pastor, will preach atboth hours. The session has planned a social visitation of all thsmembers of the church. Committees to do the visiting will be appointed Sunday. Mr. Roxie Davishas consented to act as Chairman".The visitation will be held the firstSunday in January. This eventproved to be such a delightful experience to the committees and tothose visited the last time that allwill mark down January 7, the dayof the visitation, as a day to belooked forward to. Hours of service: Sunday School 9:30 a. m.;Christian Endeavor Societies 6:30 p.m. ; preaching at 10:55 a. m. and7:15 p. m. Everybody welcome.FIRST BAPTIST CHURCHRev. L. S. Gaines, pastor. Sunday, December 31 Bible School,9:30 a. m.; Morning Worship,10:45 a. m., subject: "At Ease InZion;" B. Y. P. U. meeting, 6:00p. m.; Evening Worship, 7:00 p. m.,subject: "Four Great Things in1924;" Mid-week Service, 7:30Wednesday night, Sixth Psalmstudies.CHRISTIAN CHURCHSunday School at 9:30 Sundaymorning. Morning worship at10:45. The pastor, Rev. W. E. Ellis,will preach at both services on Sunday, and special music will be givenby the choir; Christian Endeavor at6:00 p. m.; evening services at 7:00p. m. ; prayer meeting on Wednesday evening at 7:00, o'clock.Thirty-eight baskets were filledand sent out on Christmas eveningby the Sunday School children.C0L0EED WOMAN SUICIDESWhile in a delirious state, superinduced by illness, Cynthia Taylor,colored woman of Millersburg, lefther honte at midnight Tuesday andsuicided by leaping from the railroad bridge into Hinkston creek.The body was found several hourslater by a searching party. A, jurycomposed of W. A. Butler, A. C.Ball, David Cassity, F. A. Herbert,D. E. Clarke and G. S. Allen, summoned by Coroner Rudolph Davis,returned a verdict in accordancewith the factis.o -THE SALVATION ARMY APPEALHave you madq your donation tothe Salvation Army Home ServiceAppeal Fund? If not, you can do soby sending it to Buckner Woodford,treasurer, or to Mayor E. B. January, chairman of the appeal.If there ever was a worthy organization the Salvation Army surelyis. Wei should be very grateful forwhat the Army did for our boysduring the world war, This workshould be encouraged.We should not fall down on theappeal. There is no telling when wemay need the good offices of the Salvation Army again.Chas. Mohr, the Field -Guide ofthe Salvation Army, again warns thepeople against impostors, pretending to be members of the SalvationArmy, who work especially on courtdays in Central Kentucky.FOR SALEExtra nice White Holland Toms.CHARLTON CLAY,R.. F. D. 2, Paris, Ky.(29-3t) Cumb. Phone 57.PUBLIC SALE-OF-BANK STOCKAs administrator with the willannexed of Mrs. Lillie B. Clark, theundersigned will, onMONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1923,at the Court House door, Paris, Ky.,about the hour of 11 a. m., exposetto public sale, to the highest andbest bidder, the following shares ofbank stock, to-wit:Four shares of Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Company.Two snares of Peoples-DepositBank & Trust Company.TERMSSaid sale will be made on a creditof four months, purchaser to execute bond with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, bearinginterest from date," or purchaser maypay cash.BOURBON-AGRICULTURALBANK & TRUST CO.Admr. with the will annexed of''Mrs. Lillie B. ClarkM. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.'MAN APBMMCIA TIONBYTHM , s"HOUSE OF QUALITY''.- . .At this season of the yearwhen one is reminded of thefact 1922 is about finished, wedesire to take this occasion toexpress our appreciation of themany courtesies extended during the year, and the pleasureit has been to be associated withyou in a business way.Your loyalty and kindly cooperation is a valued asset forwhich we owe youOUR SINCERE THANKSsSHIRE & FITHIANJEWELERSEstablished 1866VSPECIAL PRICESOn Men's and Boys'UnderwearUnion Suits and Separate Garments. For One Week Only.Supply your underwear needs by taking advantage of these specialprices. These garments are perfect fitting and are tailored by AllenA. (Coopers) nd Wilson Bros.; considered the best underwearmakers in the country. We have your size, no matter how smallor how large, and we take pleasure in properly fitting you. Buynow and save money.$1.25 Men's Union Suits cut t6..... Q5c$1.50 Men's Union Suits cut to $1.15$2.00 Men's Union ISuits cut to $1.50$2.50 Men's Union Suits cut to r. $1.75$3.00 Men's Union Suits cut to $2.25$4.00 Men's-Union Suits cut to.. '. . . ., . ... $3.25' v' $5.00 Men's Union Suits cut to (. $4.00$1.00 Boys' Union Suits cut to 75C$1.25 Boys' Union Suits cut to...... Q5C$1.00 Men's Shirts "and Drawers cut to 75C$1.50 Men's Shirts and Drawers cut to , $1.15$2.00 Men's Shirts and Drawers cut to . $1.50$2.50 Men's Shirts and Drawers cut to $1.75Cash Only Q ApprovalsR. P, WALSH7th and Main, . One-Price Store , Paris. Ky.i Home Phone 448 Cumb. Phone 8064vX--TrvFRIDAY, DECEMBER 29,1922THE BOURBON NEWS JPARIS, KENTUCKYPAGI HVIe-SSSS-SM-MnwfflillCMeJ"GIFTS THAT LAST"C0NG1ESSMAN CANTRILLS CARLFOR GOVERNOROn page six of this issue will befound a three-column statementifrom Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill, in a formal announcement ofhis candidacy for the office of Governor of Kentucky. It will tie foundvery interesting reading to all interested in State politics.oPOPLIN TRANSFERREDPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YouKnow and Others TonDont.. E. L. -Poplin, who was formerlyagent for the Kentucky Central LifeInsurance Company, at this point,and who was transferred to Carlisle and then to Georgetown sometime ago, has again been transferred to the Carlisle office. He willtake up his duties on January 1.He will succeed Mr. Butcher, whowill return to duty in the Louisvilleoffice.COAL TRAINS COLLIDEThree freight cars were derailedand an engine injured considerablywhen two freight trains collided inthe Louisville & Nashville SouthParis yards. No one was injuredand there was no interruption oftraffic. The accident occurred nearthe switch located about two hundred yards south of the coal chute.The rails were twisted by thewrecking engine in an effort to pullthe cars back on the track, but thedamage was soon repaired.!"-' GREETINGSt - :We want to thank our customersfor their loyal support in the pastyear. We feel that your confidencehas inspired us to try to alwayshave the bestt and to give you allof the service possible for yourmoney. We promise to maintainthe same quality or better in theluture and ask your continued valued patronage.Touts for -Business,$r CHAS. P. COOK.MODERN HOME IN BEST PART OFTOWN AT PUBLIC SALEDO NOT OVERLOOK THE SALEOF MRS. LAURA BAYLESS' HOMEPLACE AT THE CORNER OFPLEASANT STREET AND DUNCANAVENUE, ON WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1923, AT 10 A. M. SHARP.ALSO HOUSEHOLD GOODS.JOHN T. HEDGES,Executor of the Estate of Mrs. LauraBayless.GETS HIS WISHOne Paris youth expressed arather original and unique wishduring the pre-Christmas season,which he found gratfied when heawoke Christmas morning. Thisyoung American, Grover Baldwin,Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. GroverBaldwin, of Higgins avenue, sent anote to Santa Claus couched in thefollowing language:"Dear Santa Claus: Mips Lizziewants us all to have Bibles, and I dowNish you would bring me one."When young Baldwin arose earlyChristmas morning he found amongthe many other things left by anobliging Santa Claus, a handsomeBible.o KW00DR0W AND "TOPPY" CELEBRATETwo geat men, former PresidentWoodrow Wilson, of Washington,and "Toppy" Theodore Nix, ofParis, have the distinction of havingbeen born on the same day, December 28, sixty-six years ago. Bothcelebrated the return of their natalday yesterday in a quiet, orderlyfashion, like good old fellows should."Toppy," as has been his custom,sent a warm greeting to the formerPresident, congratulating him uponhaving had the rare good luck of being born on the same day as he was,and wishing him many happy returns of the day. Both are semiinvalids, but both happy in beingalive, and both asking nothing better than being allowed to rest inthe friendship of the great commonpeople.oCAMPAIGN FOR BETTER MORALSMrs. Nathalia I. Potter, of WestFrankfort, 111., was in Paris severaldays this week, in the interest ofthe campaign for Better Morals.Mrs. Potter delivered a short address at the Grand Opera HouseTuesday night, outlining briefly theobjects of the campaign in whichshe is engaged.During her stay she ' solicitedU contributions to help in prosecutingthe work, which she is undertakingas an individual and not under theauspices of an organization, beingvery successful in securing fundshere.Mrs. Potter has lecturedv andworked in all the large cities ofAmerica, in the interest of a higherstandard of morals, and for themoral uplift and betterment of women in particular. From Paris shewent to Lexington, which will bethe scene of 'her efforts for severalfcys.Mrs. L. M. Tribble was a guestof relatives in Carlisle ChristmasDay.Mrs. Roy Turner, of Paris, attended the funeral and burial ofMrs. Margaret Irvine, in Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahan, of Paris, are spending the holidays as guest of relatives in Flemingsburg. Mrs. Clay Sutherland and children, of Paris, are visiting her father, Clayton Strode, and family, inWinchester.Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Orr andfamily, of Louisville, are guests ofhis brother, Dr. James A. Orr, andMrs. Orr, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Amos S. Robertsand family have moved from Bourbon county to the Qunicy Wardfarm near Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. James M. Hugheshave returned to their home in Carlisle, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.John Young, in this city.Miss Fannie Williams has returned from Versailles, after spending the Christmas holidays with hersister, Mrs. James L. Lisle.N. Ford Brent and son, Ned,have returned from a visit duringthe Christmas holidays to Mr. andMrs. E. M. Wallace, in Versailles.Robert Gorey, of Birmingham,Ala., 'formerly Master Mechanic forthe L. & N. in Paris, is here as aguest of his brother, E. H. Gorey,and other relatives.Percy Reed, of Paris, and Gov.Bowen, of Winchester, left yesterday for a trip through the South,putting on amateur minstrel anddramatic entertainments.Miss Mollie Allen, of Lexington, has been at the bedside of herfather, D. S. Allen, of near Paris,who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city.Mrs. Evelyn Henry, of Akron,Ohio, and Mrs. Lillian. Traugott, ofLexington, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Ray Harris, and Mrs. EvaDimmitt, at their home on Walkeravenue.Mr. and Mrs. Meredith Garyand Mrs. Joseph Perry have returned to Lexington after a visit during Christmas to Mr. and Mrs. Jas.B. Woodford and Mrs. Alex Duke,on Higgins avenue.Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Humphreyentertained at dinner ChristmasDay, the following men from the Y.M. C. A. dormitory: E. E. Brown,Clarence White;, D. Y. L. Farley,Luczynski and Lester Scott.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Spears,Mr. and Mrs. Edward Spears, Mr.and Mrs. Charles Spears and MissElizabeth Spears, will leave in January for Eustis, Florida, to spendthe remainder of the winter.Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Davis andson, of Mt. Vernon, Ky., and MissGertrude Lusk, of Louisville, areguests during the holidays at thehome of their parents, Mr. and Mrs.Robert E. Lusk, on Twelfth street.Miss Sadie Fuller and Mr. Robert Neal, of Paris, attended thethirty-second marriage anniversaryof Mr. and Mrs. Willard Neal, attheir country home near Mt. Olivet.A bountiful dinner was served theguests.Raymond Stamler, who is attending school in Cincinnati, spentChristmas Day in this city with hismother, Mrs. Harry Stamler, at herapartments on Duncan avenue. Mr.Stamler will return to-morrow for alonger visit.Mr. Estill came through in hisautomobile from Frankfort, to seehis aunts, Mrs. Laura Estill andMrs. Lavinia Estill Chenault Cunningham, and is coming back againsoon with his father, Col. WallaceEstill, a farmer near Frankfort,Kentucky. H Contributed. )Miss Frances Ann Steenbergenentertained informally with a sixo'clock dinner Tuesday evening atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. C. L. Steenbergen, on Pleasant street. The hospitality included twelve of her friends.Charles "Tessie" Thomas hasreturned from the South, where hespent the past season with the Littlejohn Carnival Company. LukeConnelley, son of Mrs. John McGinley, who accompanied Mr. Thomas,remained in Atlanta, where he hassecured a nice position. .Mr. and Mrs. E. Q. Sanford andMiss Nellie Holt have returned "totheir homes in Louisville, afterspending the Christmas holidayswith Mrs. Ben Holt, on Mt. Airy.Harry Holt, who has been a guest ofhis mother, left Wednesday for hishome in Salt Lake City, Utah.Mr. and Mrs. William Sparks,of near Paris, had as guests duringthe holidays Mr. and Mrs. R. W.Switzer, Mr. and Mrs. John W.Switzer and son, of Cynthiana, Mr.and Mrs. Jos. P. Evans, Mr. andMrs. Talbott Evans, of Scott county,Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Shropshire andHarold Shropshire, of the county.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas HelmClay entertained with a family reunion at their home on Eighthstreet Christmas Day. The following were present: Mrs. John T.Collins, Mr. and Mrs. Raymer Jones,Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Dickson andlittle daughter, Mr. and Mrs. EdwinThomas, Mr. and Mrs. William Collins (Lexington), John Collins(Cleveland, 0.), Mr. and Mrs. Robt.M. Hopkins and son, R. M. Hopkins;Jr., (St. Louis, Mo.)Miss Eleanor Lytle is spendingthe holidays in Cincinnati guest ofrelatives.Dr. J. A. Stoeckinger has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. George Younghave returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Scott Feeback, in Carlisle.--Miss Rebecca Purnell is a guestof Miss Irene Smith, in Cynthiana,for the remainder of the week.Frank Reminsrton. EdwardEales and Mrs. Mayme RemingtonParrish, of Paris, were guests ofCarlisle relatives Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas C. Whaley had as guests Tuesday Mr. andMrs. William Martin, Misses Pauline"and Ruth Collins, of Cynthiana.Miss Lucille Catlett, of Owingsville, who is at home on a holidayvacation from Virginia College, isvisiting Mrs. Jesse Turney, near:Paris.Ewell Renaker, of Paris, spentthe Christmas holidays as guest ofhis son, Wharton Renaker, and hisdaughter, Mrs. Rife Hodgkin, inWinchester.Mr. and Mrs. Charles MeFeenahave returned to their home nearParis, after a visit to the latter's'mother, Mrs. Louise Hickerson, inFleming county.Mrs. Alice Fisher, Mrs. Wm.Howard and Miss Mary Fisher havereturned to 'their home in Carlisleafter a visit during the holidays torelatives in this city.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Sternentertained with a family dinner attheir home in this city ChristmasDay. The guests for the occasionwere George B. Fishback, of Winchester; Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Huffman and children, and Mrs. AdaFishback, of Paris.The many friends and acquaintances of Miss Frances Whalen willbe sorry to learn that she is leavingParis in January, to make her homein the future with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Edward Hall, who havemoved to Covington.Danville Messenger: "Mr. andMrs. Brink Coleman Renick, ofParis, were recent visitors in thiscity .... Rev. and Mrs. John J. Ricehad as their Christmas guests Mrs.Rice's father and brother, Dr. JohnT. Brown, and William MarmadukeBrown, of Paris."Mr. and Mrs. John D. Allen entertained atl their home in Lexington with a beautiful dinner Christmas Day in honor of Miss MayLeonard, of Elizabeth, New Jersey,guest of -Miss Mary Bacon Harrison.Woodford Buckner, of Paris, was oneof the guests who enjoyed the hospitality of the evening.The following were guests recently of Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Insko,in this city, spending a very pleasant day: Mr. and Mrs. HughesHorn and son, William, Mr. andMrs. Rufus Ross,- Mrs. J. H. Tenneyand daughter, Miss Lora Tenney,Robert Terhune, Misses Ruby andLucille Terhune, Winston Robertson, of Harrodsburg; Mr. and Mrs.E. R. Terhune, of Shelby ville; Mr.and Mrs. G. M. Napier, of Paris."Woodholme," the beautifulhome of Mr. and Mrs. James N. W.McClure, on' Link avenue, was thescene of a brilliant gathering, whoassembled there to partake of thehospitality extended by the hosts fora dinner-bridge. The event was incompliment to Mr. and Mrs. McClure's house guests, Mrs. GilletteHill, of Washington, D. C, Mr. andMrs. Logan Hill and Logan Hill,Jr., of Douglast'on, Long Island, andMr. and Mrs. Dean Hill, of Lincoln,Illinois. The home' was beautifulin its decorations of mistletoe, poinsetta and holly, with the brilliantlights and' table decorations, allsuggestive of the Yuletide. An elaborate course luncheon was served,and at the conclusion of the gamesprizes for the highest score wereawarded to Mrs. Dean Hill and toDr. Raymond R. McMillan. Mr. andMrs. McClure's hospitality included,in addition to their house guests,the following: Mr. and Mrs. MasonHoagland, Mr. Wright Hoagland,Mr. James Todd, of Lexington; Mr.and Mrs. James G. Metcalfe, Mr.and Mrs. Brinch Meinertz, Mr. andMrs. Ewd. F. Prichard, Dr. andMrs. Raymond McMillan, Mr. andMrs. White Varden, Mr. and Mrs.Colliver C. Dawes, Mrs. KatherineDavis Craig, Miss Elizabeth Steele,Miss Kate Alexander, Miss ElizabethEmbry, Mrs. C. 0. Hinton, Mrs.Elizabeth Whitridge Hinton, Mr.Clarence Thomas, Mr. Charlton (Clay, Mr. Woodford Buckner andMr. N. Ford Brent.(Other Personals on Page 3)NEW YEAR'SGREETINGSYour valued co-operation hasour deep appreciation, and wetake this . opportunity of wishing you .every success duringthe coming year.rTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GQLDSTINE 'Corner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS. KY.Deeds Instead ofWords!To show our appreciation for theexcellent support accorded us the pastyear by our many patrons and friendsWe Start Our GreatestClearance Salev-ASaturday. December 30thNo man or boy who needs a Suit or Overcoat,or other apparel for immediate or future use,can afford to 13t this opportunity pass.WATCH OUR ADS. FOR BARGAINSSEE WINDOW DISPLAYSLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky. ;"SAVE AND SMILE"SEE OUR WINDOWSPORREAL CASH BARGAINS' These are articles we do not care to carryover and that will be useful or ornamentalfor any home.Brass CandlesticksMahogany CandlesticksWork BasketsSewing StandsSmoking StandsBook EndsPicturesBoudoir LampsFerneryAsh TraysPicture FramesAndironsDoor StopsBrass Coal BucketsFruit and BowlVaseFloor LampsPhonograph ,,:.'CALL EARLY"h.'J'THE I. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 . PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking?SESS3BSBS3BSBBAiM1Ni131&itnAYLIIcPAGE SIX'iMMjyp'SfrflVSfriuyw' m 'y,;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY'-"-'"V'llMt W" H ''Ww"l' 1; !U!kD'YE MIND THE TIMEWhen These Things Happened In.Paris, As Told in THEHEWS' Piles?DAYS OP ATJLD LANG SYNEThere's no denying that to mostf us there is a certain satisfactionSm reviewing the events of long ago,as they are presented to us, eithercasually or by force of some reminiscent strain of the moment. Andto those who lived here in the longago the recalling of events in theold days of Paris affords a peculiarsatisfaction all its own. They, perhaps, more than we who havegrown used to the old place, willappreciate these items, taken atrandom from a copy of THE BOURBON NEWS of Tuesday, May 2,1882:It would be mirthful for oneV optics to fall on Bally Paton riding aT)icycle, but it would hardly provokea grin for Bally to fall on one'soptics.Mrs. Col. Bob Stoner has executed in fine style, a painting of theRev. Geo. O. Barnes, on a china teaplate.0. J. Wiggins, of Covington, andThos. H. Waller, of Cincinnati,who, by the way, are among thecleverest and most prosperous youngbusiness men in those cities, spentSunday in this city and vicinity.Under the new-time schedule, Cincinnatians are allowed excursionrates to the High Bridge every Sunday, where they can stop threehours and return on the regularevening train.Mclntyre & Swiney have namedtheir chestunti colt by Wandererdam Katie Pearce, "McNicol" inkonor of the great St. Louis tailorof that name. This colt is a fullbrother to Lizzie S. and will behandled by Burt Scully.John Stuart wants to borrow afine saddle horse and a brass band,to take him to the Conclave at Covington. Owing to no free passes beinggiven over the Southern road, Craddock hasn't monkeyed over to thegospel stand at Georgetown a singletime.Mr. Burt Scully's stable fromBourbon county, composing thirteenflyers, arrived to-day. Look out fora dark one among this string. Burtis a second "Summer Coon." Lexington News.Ike Smith, colored, the driver ofKeller Thomas' stallion, New York,died of apoplexy the other night.Ike was the trainer of Steinway,Gen. Croxton, Lady Monroe, MollieLong, and several good ones.THE NEWS is arranging a whistling match between Ike Duffy andBen Booker. A twenty pound watermelon will be given for the firstprize, and a circus ticket for thesecond. The preludatory piece willbe ourangoutang reel. All Lexington editors will be invited.The marriage of Miss MaggieFerguson, the accomplished and attractive daughter of J. W. Ferguson, one of Bourbon's largest landand stock owners, to Mr. Thomas H.Waller, a good ldoking, clever andsuccessful lumber merchant of Cincinnati, is announced to take placeon Tuesday, June 13th.Joe Dickey is evidently lookingfor a flood. He has a skiff' chainedon a cliff one hundred feet abovehigh, water mark.Jim Taylor reports having seen awhippool-will in town the otherevening. That's nothing there'sa whip-poor-Dick up town everyday all the time.Col. Caldwell reports the following court days sales: 11 two-year-oldcattle, at $30 per head; 9 do.,at $37; 13 do., at $26.30. Moremachinery on the market than everbefore and business duller. No goodhorses on the market. A few Eastern buyers for horses bought a fewgood ones privately.The will of the late C. V. Higgins,Sr., was probated yesterday. Thehomestead residence and furnitureand $50,000 in cash were given tothe wiwow; the Texas land to MattStone's children; and the balanceof the' estate to be equally dividedbetween C. V. Higgins, Jr., and hisgrandson, W. E. Hibler that ofHibler being entailed. The estate isestimated at about $300,000. C. V.Higgins, Jr., and Russell Mannwere the executors, without security. Lizzie Smoot maliciously struck'lawyer' John Jones on the foreheadwith a rock Saturday, and coveredhis innocent simplicity with about aquart of unnecessarily shed blood.The 'lawyer' demands that his whitepals shall see that justice is dealtto the arrogant lassie.Turney & Hart made the following sales last Saturday: To G. F.Griffith, Dayton, Ohio, a fine barouche gelding; to John Ross, a"Vindexman, fine and stylish, to HenTy Bryant, a nice combined gelding; to T. C. Jefferson, a HarrisonChief geWJtfg- 'CANTRILL ENTERSGOVERNOR'S RACESeventh District Congressman Announces Candidacy For NominationStrong Statement of His Position on State Issues Tribute to Woodrow WilsonTO THE DEMOCRATS OFKENTUCKY:I have been much impressed withthe campaign conducted by numerousKentucky newspapers demanding thata business man only should be nominated for Governor. I am in sympathy with this movement. I have waited for weeks for some outstandingDemocrat and business man to announce his candidacy. In fact, I haveon numerous occasions talked withone of the most successful businessmen and one of the most loyal Democrats in the State, urging him to runfor the Democratic nomination forGovernor, and offered my support incase he should make the race. Thisgentleman declined to enter the race.Many active Democratic men andwomen in all sections of the Statehave asked me to stand for the Democratic nomination for Governor. Ihave decided to announce as a candidate. The fact that I own and operateseveral farms in Scott and FayetteCounties I believe entitles me to beclassed as a business man. If I donot come under the classification ofa business man, then the newspapersdemanding a business man for Governor have shut out of political consideration every farmer in the State.The farmer of today is as much abusiness man as the merchant, broker,banker or manufacturer. The greatmajority of the business men of Ken-teucky are farmers, and being one ofthem I believe I know their trials andhardships, and that if I am electedGovernor I can be of service to themand to the State as a whole, becausewhen the farmer prospers all lines ofbusiness share in that prosperity.The chief problems to be solved inKentucky are in the main of an agricultural nature, and Kentucky has nothad a farmer Governor for almostforty years. The Governor of theState can personally attend to but asmall part of the State's business.Most of the business of the State isactually transacted by those whom theGovernor appoints under the lawspassed by the Legislature. The busi- Jness of organization is the chief dutyof the Governor, and it is absolutelynecessary for the welfare of the Statethat the Governor work in harmonywith the State Legislature and the organizations of the various State Departments. Iii recent years I have been chargedwith the duty of "getting thousands ofmen and women into compact working organizations, both in a politicaland in a business way. In 1916 I wasState Chairman of the DemocraticCampaign Committee in Kentuckywhich rolled up a majority of nearlythirty thousand for the Democraticticket, and in that organization therewere fen thousand active men andwomen in the State. For three yearsI was State President of the Societyof Equity with its thousands of farmer members, and this was the organization which was one of the pioneermovements teaching cooperationamong the farmer. Years ago thisorganization did, the work which isnow being carried on on a larger scaleby several splendid Farmers' Organizations of today.I mention these matters simply toshow that I have had experience on alarge scale along organization lines,which make up in part the duties ofthe Governor. To properly organizethe mans branches of the State Government is a job requiring experiencein organization work. I am convincedthat the voters of the State are moreinterested in the platforms that thecandidates stand for than in the can-, t it. rHon. Campbell Cantrili, Candidate For Governordidates themselves, and I consider itproper in my announcement to verybriefly state some of the leading issues which are of interest to the citizens of Kentucky. In announcing myself as a candidate for the Democraticnomination for Governor, I wish toemphasize the fact that I considerthe Governorship of our State thehighest honor which can be given aKentuckian, and I pledge myself tothe people of Kentucky that ifelected Governor, under no circumstances would I seek the Senatorshipor any other office but would fill outthe term completely for which I waselected. No man in the Governor'schair can give the State his best service when he has his eye on some future political preferment.I favor a Primary Election to determine the nomination of the Democratic candidate for the Governorship.I believe it would be political suicidefor our Party to make the nominationin any other way. Only in a PrimaryElection can the women voters of theState give full expression to -their political opinions.I think the greatest service a public officer can render the State at thistime is to attend strictly to the business of the State and to leave it tothe business men to handle their ownbusiness and to the people to regulatetheir own affairs, so long as they donot violate our present laws. To makeit still plainer, I think we have enoughlaws at present regulating the business and the every-day life of thepeople.There is a tendency in the countrytoday to keep piling on the statutebooks laws regulating the business andprivate affairs of the citizens. I amof the opinion that it is the part ofwisdom that we learn our presentlaws and obey them rather than tobring into disrepute all law by furtherrestrictive legislation.If I am elected Governor, all lawson the statute books will be thoroughly and carefully enforced as faras my powers will reach. The chiefconcern in tho State and Nation today is the strict enforcement of lawand the absolute maintenance of peaceand order. For the security of theindividual and for the protection ofproperty rights, law and order must bemaintained.If elected Governor, I pledge thebest that is within me to carry outthis statement.If elected, pardons will be scarce atFrankfort, especially for the crime oftaking human life. The reputation ofour State must be bettered along thisline.High taxation is the sore spot withthe people in the State and Nation.The legislative branch of our StateGovernment writes the tax laws, butif elected Governor I will work withthe Legislature in every way possibleto bring about the lowering of our taxes. As a farmer I know what theburden of taxation is to the farmerand business man and home' owner,and every effort must be made to reduce taxation.The time has come when a haltmust be called in increasing our Statedebt, and every effort to reduce itmust be made. The obligations ofdebt are made by the State Legislature and not by the Governor, but ifI am elected I will earnestly insistthat State expenditures be kept within the revenue so that our debt willnot be increased in the next Administration. Every effort must be madeto reduce the State debt and if I amelected the veto power will be usedto tlie limit to keep the appropriationswithin the revenue of the State, Ifis necessary to do so.I am heartily in favor of the construction of a highway system whichwill closely tie together our peoplein all sections of the State. As amatter of fact, Kentuckians do notknow each other as they should andwe have three distinct sections in ourCommonwealth. Many of our problemswould be solved if the three sectionsof the State were linked together bygood roads, so that our people couldreally know each other and work together for the common good. I aminformed by expert men who havestudied this question that this plancan be carried out without increasedtaxation on existing property.Good roads and good schools go together and every citizen will agreethat everything possible should bedone for the education of our children. I would like to see our publicschools the equal of those of anyState in the Union and I will work tothat end. I am also of the opinionthat every encouragement possibleshould be given to our State University and that it be placed on a planeequal to the University of any otherState. If I am elected Governor Iwill stay on the job and give the Statea business administration, and thebest that is within me.If elected Governor, I will call tomy aid some of the leading businessmen in different lines and seek thercounsel tand support in solving themany difficult problems which confront our people. No man can solvethese problems alone, and the candidate who promises to do so is theworst type of a demagogue seekingvotes. If elected, I promise to do thevery best I can with the counsel andadvice of leading men and women ofour State to solve our business difficulties for the best interests of theCommonwealth.I enter this race free from anypolitical promises and absolutely freefrom any help or promise of help inanyway from any business firm orcorporation anywhere.It is well known to the State thatfor years I have been an advocate ofcooperative organization among thefarmers. Farming is the chief business in Kentucky and I am delightedthat our cooperative organizations areproving so successful. I congratulatethe bankers of Kentucky on the standthey have taken in supporting theFarmers' Cooperative Movement, andas 'a farmer I thank them for theirhelp in our time of need. For thepast two years I have been actively atwork in the field to organize thefarmers, both in the Burley Districtand the Black Patch, and I trust Iwill be pardoned when I state that Ihave always paid my own expenses inthese campaigns. This has been aconsiderable sum for a man of raylimited means but was glad to makethe contribution oi both time andmeans to help perfect our Farmers'Organizations.I believe in equitable and living wagesfor men and women in all lines of industry. The best interests of the Natioiare served when those who labor owntheir own homes and can give their lovedones not only the necessities of life butthe comforts as well.I am unalterably opposed to the injection of partisan politics into the management of the penal and charitable institutions of the State.Under our present system of electionswe have an election in Kentucky everyyear. Much money could be saved to thetax-payers in registrations and electionsand the people relieved of much worryif we consolidated our elections. I favorany plan which will bring about thisresult.I have the highest regard for the distinguished gentleman who has announcedas a candidate for Governor and forthose whose announcements I am informed will soon be forthcoming. Noact or utterance of mine will mar thecampaign. .We have had' entirely toomuch strife within our own party in thepast and I am hopeful that the campaignwill be settled upon the merits of thecandidates themselves and. their issues,so that when the decision is made wewill go into the final election with aunited Democratic Party. I am informed by many active Democrats in all partsof the State that if I am nominated we canexpect to poll the full vote of the Party,and after months of careful survey andinvestigation I am convinced that ifnominated I can build up an organizationWhich will carry our "Party to success inthe final election beyond any question. Iam absolutely sincere in my desire toserve Kentucky. For four years in theHouse of Representatives in Kentucky, forfour years in the State Senate, and forfourteen years in the Congress of theUnited States I have represented a greatand a patriotic people. In the last twoelections I have not had opposition fromthe Republican Party. The people of theSeventh Congressional District would nothave given me this service if I hadneglected the business entrusted to me.I have faithfully tried to serve them, andif elected Governor my ambition will beto render a full measure of service.I served in Congress under the leadership of that great President, "WoodrowWilson, and always gave him and hispolicies loyal support. When my Partycalled me to manage the State Campaignin 1916 for President Wilson I acceptedthe responsibility, and we carried theState by an overwhelming majority. Although a man of moderate means I paidthe deficit of that campaign amountingto a good many thousands of dollars andhave never regretted .the expenditure.In 1920 the National Democratic Committee, called me to New York to takecharge of the organization work there,and for months I labored day and nightfor Party success. We knew that conditions were such that we could not winbut we fought as best we could to thelast ditch. I mention these personal matters to show that 1 have tried to givesomething in leturn for the favorswhich my -Party has shown to me.' It is well known that farm lands andreal estate in the cities are bearingheavy burdens of taxation. If I am elected Governor, I will make a full investigation of the taxes being paid by all classes of property and if it is found thatcertain classes of property are escaninetheir share of taxes, then I will certainlyrecommend legislation to remedy this defect in our taxing system.Recent political developments demonstrate that theie is a splendid opportunity under pioper leadership to brineeastern Kentucky and the largest city toour uommonweaitn oack into the Democratic fold. If elected Governor, I willmake every effort to Agive such a goodadministration and to work in harmonywith the Democrats from the sections ofour State mentioned above, that therewiU be no doubt about the outcome infuture elections.No doubt other issues will arise duringthe campaign and so far as I am concerned they will be openly and franklymet. I submit my candidacy to thedemocracy of the State with the hopethat it will prove acceptable.It..TRUST DEPARTMENTThat money and property you have will keep your lovedones after you are gone if it is handled and conserved forthem as you are now doing. This can be done if you appointour Trust Department as your EXECUTORS. Then menof known ability in finance and investments will look afterit for you and account for every penny. Come in now andtalk it over. We want to explain what we mean by MALiving Trust." We will welcome you.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyTryiUs With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAny TimePRINTING sSTHE NEWS JOBWe HandleElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental,and make nice Christ mss Gifts.t. W.MAIN STREETLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDES OFSDRY CLEANINGy.iXIIxIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIX1Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4mssc'..rkSMZTTT5". -" ..-j--3yri. 1Emm Tfilisiwnnavmfi :'i!Gi.-.-iiMiLSj r ti&saiSSSSf sfi 'ii .Fwvassr.s WiVew rr"l wMtsa treki iif&mhi iT(rv- .wi r;if.Wr- BBffifcrtffiimII- V-T-C7W2Pfcn iGB.53eZ& W,-'-J? ,;ssKl-a ys-wThe Bourbon LaundryParis,MnmuminunuMnmmMi'umnnt miniGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night137holdsyourLOVED ONESSAFEafterwards.DEPARTMENTSAH Kinds ofNoveltiesSPICEROPP. COURT HOUSE1X1West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.i .ftKentuckyii mini Mm nn mini iiinnmi mum mmi" . 'FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKYPAGX SKMCrunuoirs for state fromBINGHAM ESTATEA check for $1,216,618 was paidto the State of Kentucky throughSheriff Gray by the Fidelity andColumbia Trust Company in partsettlement of the inheritance taxesdue on the estate of Mrs. Lily Flagler Bingham. Payment follows thedecision of the trust company notto contest further the payment of-taxes imposed on the estate.Additional inheritance tax payments of $1,774,000 will be madeshortly, as well as $300,000 ad valorem tax, it was -announced.Total tax payments on the estatewill approximate $4,000,000 whenthese installments are met; it issaid. Suits for taxes for 1919 arepending, as well as for collection of1920 taxes. The trust company contends that the estate had been divided by 1919.INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.Lexhigi.onTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. b.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.f dec6-tf )IPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1918CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. h. Weathers, Vice PreeldentW. YTj. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Terkee, Aee't Caakler'Dn Peed. Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921BRIGHTEF5ffg. . - aEVENINGSJust HistoryIn 7iThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gueitsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time doei putHer home wai litBy flickering Gai.But the girl of to-dayWho wants 'her home bright,Jnst presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris G& Electric Co.(LMriMitii)FARMERSTRADERSA1 MhMOFGRADE ICharles Whalen, A; StanleyWestfall, B; Reynolds Watkins, A;Mary Worthington, B; MargaretSnapp, B; Jane Pogue, A; WilliamMorris, A; Frank Mitchell, A;Palmer McLean, B; LawrenceMazey, B; Ruby Moreland, A; Eva IMingu, B; Kate Mann, A; JeffriesHarlan, Jr., B; Virginia Hill, A;James Goodman, B; Jack Gaitskill,Wolford Ew'alt, A; Jas. Day, Jr., B;Louise Dockenbrode, B; EugeneCrowder, B; Earl Case,' B; ElizabethCain, A; Henrietta Bedford, A;Bessie Long Ardery, A.Miss Lilleston, Teacher.GRADE IArley Arnold, B; Howard Blake,B; Clay Briggs, B; Roy DeWitt, A:Dorothy Dodson, B; Harvey Dray,B; Frances Himes B; Margaret Honaker, B; Arvilda Maines, B; JaneMartin, B; Kenneth Myers, A; Geo.Phillips, B; Henry Taylor, A; EthelTaylor, B; Stella Taylor, A; RobertWhalen, B; Helen Whitehead, B.Mrs. Harris, Teacher.GRADE ISallie Blankenship, A; AlvahMansfield, A; Lucille Prather, B;Polly Foster, B; Weslie Nell Franklin, B; Marie Schalch, B; GenevaFlora, B; Mildred Hall, B; VirginiaRoberts, A; David Kennedy, B;Josephine B. Hume, B; Albert Hinton Owsley, B; Charles Tabor, B;Calvin Harp, B; Raymond Ritchie.B; Eddie Lee Rowe, B; HarrisonRankin, A; Edward McCord, A;Russell Dickey, A; M. B. Layton, A:Milford Gilvin, A; William Rees,A9; Merle Carter, Ar Allen Snell, A.Mary Layton, Teacher.GRADE IIWalker Bush, A; James Eads, B;Jim Will Higgins, B; Ruby Hurt, B;Philip Morton, A; Russell Scott, B;Raymond Weigott, B.Sarah S. Johnstone, Teacher.GRADE IIJean Allen, A; Wilson Barlow, B;Billie Blake, A; Martha Chandler,A; Herbert Cain, A; James Fitzgerald, A; Martha Ellen Gifford, B;Arthur Gravitt, B; Helen Kiser, A;Nancy Crockett, A; Nathalie Linville, A; Ruby Morgan, B; DorothyMcCray, B; Jack Nickerson, A;Kathryne Neal, A; Julia KatherineCHRISTMAS HONOR ROLLPARIS CTY SCHOOLSPogue, B; Cecil Smart, B; HiramlEdna Earl Rummans, B; Katie LeeElwood Redmon, A; Agnes Sousley,A Charles Stillwell, B; DorothyJean Violett, B; Wallace Wilson, B;Dorothy Waterfill, B; Martha B.Williams, A; Charles Meng, Jr., B.Lena L. Talbott, Teacher.' GRADE IIMartha Bohn, A; Susan Hinkle,B; Robert Gardner, B; Helen Farmer, B; Hugh Brent, Jr., A; DorcasLevy, B; Kenneth Allen, B; MamieLowe, B; Bettie May, A; Mattie MaySexton, B; Franklin Dryden, B;Anna Frances Graham, B; EdwardMetcalfe, B; Frances Pendleton, A;Anna Estill Grinnell, B; ElizabethBell, B.Miss Whaley, Teacher.GRADE IIIMarion Powell, B; John Smits, B;Earl Jarrett, A; Richard Wills, B;Henry Gaitskill, B; John Craig, B;Sterling Dickey, B; Billy Isgrig, B;Karl Lusk, A; Robert Bramel, A;Naomi Isgrig, A; Carolyn Bush, A;Ann Duke Woodford, A; VirelliousQuisenberry, B; Beatrice Eeatotf, A;Gladys Rion, A; Ethel Morris, ' B;Mary Low Hume, A; Elmeta Taylor, A; Margaret Mastin, A.Miss Purnell, Teacher.GRADE IIIDelbert Arthur, B; Esther Briggs,.B; Eddie Fisher, B; Edward Pitts,B; Margaret Sprake, B; Dorcas Williams, B; Billy Leach, B."Mrs. Briggs, Teacher.GRADE IIIGilber, DeWittt B; Hermia Dray,A; Frank. Dray, B; Blanche Friedman, A; Hazel Farris, B; Anna ClayHinkle, B; Buckner Hinkle, B;Claud Harding, B; Aleta Xayton,A; Burton Mann, B; Samuel Milner,A; Houston McCord, B; MildredMers, B; Cecil Payne, B; MildredSnell, B; James McClure White, B;Sarah Elizbbeth Whaley, B; BelleBrent Woodford, B.Mrs. E. L. Stone, Teacher.GRADE IVA. C. Adair, A; Logan Allen, B;Ophan Brooking, A; Anna BruceDouglas, B; Ernestine Eads, A; JohnGilkey, B; Elmeta King, A; Edith"Pennington, A; Rena Rankin, A;Margaret Thompson, B.Miss Clark, Teacher.GRADE IVElizabeth Greene, A; Davis Haggard, A; Luther Violet, A; DorothyM. Biddle, A; Lucy Jean Anderson,A; Edna Lee Evans, A; Tommie M.Rowland, B; Ruth Harper, B; Parker Wornall, B; Lillian Dale, B;Frances Margolen, B; Walter Cain,B; Christine Watson, B; Ruth Wat-son, B; Jack Helburn, B; Mary T.Faulkner, B; Crichton Comer, B;James Eades, B; Dessie Worthington, B; Phil Ardery, B.Miss Brannon, Teacher.GRADE IVNell Arnold, A; John Childers, A;K. Dryden, B; Jack Spratt, A; Elizabeth Soper, B; Elizabeth Mastin,B; Francis Collier, B; Frances Conner, B: Nancy KiserB; Ethel Elvove, B; JoeHedges, B; Max Martin, B; HazelPowell, B; Amos Taylor, B; AliceRankin, B; Louise Larkin, B; MaryJune Burns, B.M. K. Taylor, Teacher.GRADE VBen Beford; James Wilson, Virgina Smelzer; Isabel Isgrig; EdnaSousley; William Huffman; ElmerCurtis; Dorothy Lilleston; ThelmaLandes; Josephine Ardery; ReubenRozen.Mrs. Fishback, Teacher.GRADE VJohn Craycraft, A; VirginiaThomas, A; Grace Arnold, B; ArvaRay, B; Bourbon McCarty, B;Gladys Davis, B; Sallie Moreland,B; Laura Craft, B; Estelle Florence,B; John Allen, B; Rose Mazey, B;Irvin Ewalt, B; Eleanor Briggs, B;Winston Ardery, B; Virginia Argo,B; Edgar Gardner, B; Thomas Parrish, B.Miss Rice, Teacher.GRADE VIWilliam Amyx, B; William Ardery, B; Mabel Argo, B; GeneralBannister, B; Hazel Bryan, A; Hazel Buchanan, A; Prentice Burton,A; Lucille Christman, B; Louis Elvove, A; Harry Lancaster, A;Josephine McCord, B; Dorothy McCord, A; Clarine Rankin, B; AnnaK. Savage, A; Milton Sheeler, B;Elon Tucker, B; Buckner Woodford, B.Agnes Purnell, Teacher.GRADE VINancy Baldwin, B; Richard Butler, B; Abram Clough, B; VirgilGaitskill, B; Nancy Hancock, B;Nancy Harris, B; Elizabeth Hinton,B; Thomas Horine, B; Billy Kenney B; Sam Kerslake, B; VivianLandis, A; Catherine McNamara, B;James Morrison, A; Bayless Morrison, B; Lawrence Mullins, A; AnnaTerry Parrent, B; Bonnie Lee Perkins, B; Carloyn Ray, B; CarolynReading, B; Sydney Redmon, B;Sanders, B; Mary Forman Varden,A; Marshall Weigott, B.Miss Farrell, Teacher.GRADE VIIHorace Bacon, B; Jewell Farral,B; Martha Hall, A; Mary E. Isgrig,A; Thenosha McCord, A; GladysQuinn, B; Vivian Smith, A; EleanorSwearengin, A; Elizabeth Whaley,A;Dotie Douglas, B.Mr. Shaw, Teacher.GRADE VIIJohn Bower, B; James Case, A;Gladys Craycraft, A; Franklin Carter, A; Elizabeth Douglas, A; Sallie Gordon, A; Julian Howe, B;Katie Irvine, A; Bessie Mattox, A;Dorothy Strother, B.Roy I. Pepper, Teacher.GRADE VIIIJohn Dryden, A; Jane Clay Kenney, A; Graves Patton, A; JamesWilmoth, A; Mary Frances Young,B.Miss Ammerman, Teacher.FRESHMAN AEdward Pruitt, A; Ruth Florence,A; Mary Spears, A.Mary Louise Lillard, Teacher.FRESHMAN I B.Mary Louise Sen ten, B.Lucile Harbold, Teacher.FREHMAN II BJessie Irvine, A; Kady Elvove, A:Sara Elvove, A; Bryan Redmon, A;Charles Cook, A; Rosalie Friedman, B.Zerelda Noland, Teacher.SOPHOMORE I B.Leona Mazey, A.Lula Blakey, Teacher.SOPHOMORE II B.George, Browner, A; Lucy Williams, A.Reba M. Lockhart, Teacher.JUNIORSHelen Connell, Aj Ruth Woodward, A; Martha Connell, A; PansyBurns, B; Mary Sandusky, B; Elizabeth Douglas, B; Elizabeth Mason,B; Ruth Lovell, B; Ruby Lovell, B;Georgia Adams, B; Ethel Shanklin,B; Robert White, B; Frances Clark,B; Margaret San ten, B.F. A. Scott, Teacher.SENIORSOnita Overby, B; Sallye Payne,B; Lilian Alexander, B; EJizabethWeathers, B; Leslie Smith, A; Edgar Hill, A.Francis Butler, Teacher.Don't tell a man with a cross wifeand eleven kids that there's' noI place like home. He knows It.WOMEN'S WOESParis Women Are Finding Relief at Last.It does seem that women havemore than a fair share of the achesand pains that afflict humanity; jthey must "keep up" must attendto duties in spite of constantly aching backs, or headaches, dizzy spells,bearing - down pains; they muststoop over, when stoop means torture. They must walk and bendand work with racking Bains andmany aches from kidney ijls. Keeping the kidneys well has sparedthousands of women much misery.Read of a remedy for kidneys onlythat is endorsed by people youknow.Mrs. J. R. Moore, 133 E. Eighthstreet, Paris, says: "I was in badshape with my kidneys. My backnearly killed me with pain. Therewas a steady, dull ache just overmy kidneys and I was weak andmiserab'le. I often had to let myhousework go undone and I got so jdizzy black specks came before myeyes. My feet and ankles swelled.I doctored for a time, but got no relief until I began using Doan'sKidney Pills. My health was greatly improved in a short time andtwo boxes cured me. It is a pleasure for me to recommend Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills. the samethat Mrs. Moore had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.JUSTICE AT FRANKFORT( Courier-Journal )The action of the Court of Appeals in reversing the .Boyd CircuitCourt in four of the Clayhole murder cases will be generally commended. Shade Combs, LeslieCombs, French Combs and GeorgeAllen, all Democrats, were tried andconvicted on the testimony of Republicans charged with the samecrime, and the Republicans wereheld by the Court as exempt fromprosecution on the charge becausethey had testified in the cases ofthe men placed first on trial. Thelower court is overruled because oferror in its instructions to the juryand because of error in barring certain evidence for the defense.The Court of Appeals decided recently that the defendants declaredby Judge Halbert exempt from prosecution must stand trial. With thegranting of a new trial to the convicted Democrats, all the defendantsDemocrats and Republicans alike,are placed upon the same plane,where it is hoped justice will bedone regardless of politics.There should be no politics inthese proceedings. There was nonein the action of the AppellateCourt, a Republican Justice readingthe opinion.EHEUHATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been ' done not only once,but in almost every caseby nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Actire Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at trnrSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Writt for literature. HIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Mllaa, Ind."IT WAS MIDNIGHT ON THEOCEANIt was midVM on the ocean, NNot a street "car was in sight;The sun was shining brightly,And it rained all day that 'night.'Twas a summer day in winter,The snow fell. like glass;A barefoot boy with shoes onStood sitting on the grass, s .'Twas evening and the rising sunWas setting in the West,An$ the little fishes in the treesWere huddling in their nest.The rain was pouring down,The moon was shining bright,And everything that you could seeWas hidden out of sight.While the organ peeled potatoes,Lard was rendered by the choir,As the sexton rang the dish-ragSome one set the church on fire."Holy Smoke!" the preacher shoutedIn the rain he lost his hair,Now his head resembles Heaven,For there is no parting there.oIN 1922'S BEST SELLER RACE.The end of the hectic 1922 bestseller race finds the ranking of thebest sellers to be: This Freedom,by A. S. M. Hutchinson; Babbitt, bySinclair Lewis; The Breaking Point,by Mary Roberts Rheinhart; FairHarbor, by Joseph C. Lincoln;Rough-Hewn, by Dorothy Canfield;and the Country Beyond, by JamesOliver Curwood, with Peter B.Kyne's Cappy Ricks Retires andseveral other notable books pressing closely behind.oThe human being who never forgets isn't a human being. , tGreetings!To Our Friends and Patrons, we most heartily exteadour thanks and appreciation for your patronage daring the year just closing, and we hope your prosperity and happiness for the NEW YEAR will equal, oreven surpass that of 1922.PEACE AND GOOD WILL TO ALL.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedWE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.initin:M:M:a4:i:fiiaiMePMwiaihia?fa5i'i-' M-mJob Printing of AllSEDANNew Price .III - SS"SS pjBS 7 ftIII I v " J11 , DETROIT' 4flL I BLJ II At the new low price the FordI Sedan represents a greater val-ue than has ever been offered.It provides enclosed car com-fort in a dependable, qualityproduct at a minimum cost.Your order placed now willinsure reasonably prompt de-livery. Terms if desiredIII HMBW HRUGGLES IiliiHiiinmiuKinds is Oar Spec!r$. immIIMM,II--ME lrjt a-:-- , . ,FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1S22nPAGE EIGHTTHE BflURBON NEWS,, PARIS, KENTUCKY"iuHiii.'ijKMILLERSBURGfatererting Hews Items From, Bonrbon County's College Town -Miss Louise Warford, guest offriends here, is now visiting relatives in Lexington.The members of the Presbyterian church held a banquet at thechurch Wednesday night.Miss N: L. Best, of Nashville,Tenn., is visiting Mr. and Mrs. A. S.Best and Mrs. Sallie Miller.Mrs. C. C. Fisher and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Fisher, have returned from a visit with relatives in"Virginia.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Thaxtonwill entertain with . a dinner tonight (Friday) at their home nearMillersburg.Mrs. R. M. White and son, ofLexington, are guests of Mr. Edmond Martin and Mr. and Mrs.Charles Martin.Miss VanHye, of Cleveland,Ohio, is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.Wi Saunders, at their home on theRuddles Mills road.Miss Betsey Spencer and Mrs.E. Norton', of Lexington, are guestsof Dr. H. C. Burroughs, and MissNannie Burroughs.Mr. and Mrs. James Miller entertained with a dinner at theircountry lome on the Maysville.road, Thursday night.Miss Olive Fisher and guest,Miss S?rah Eastbourn, of Connecticut, lefts Wednesday for BowlingGreen, Ky., to visit friends. -Miss Frances Shannon, of TJ.K., Lexington, and Mr. and Mrs.Will Kash, of Louisville, are guestsof their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Shannon.Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen, MissBush Allen, Mr. and Mrs. BryanMcMurtry, are guests, of Mrs.Allen's parents, Mr. 'and Mrs. E. P.Wood, at Stanford.Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds Letton,entertained vjfith a dinner Mondayat their home near Millersburg.The guests were: Mr. and Mrs. J.T. Jefferson, Mr. and Mrs. LettonVimont, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Thaxton. Mrs. W. M. Miller was hostessTuesday night to a dinner in honorof her sister, Mrs. R. L. Buffington,of Columbus, Ohio. The guests-were: Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Best, Mr.and Mrs. W. A. Butler, Mr. and Mrs.R. L. Tarr, Dr. C. B. Smith, Mrs.Smith, of this city; Miss N. L. Best,Nashville, Tenn.: Miss Tattie Hunter, Washington, Mason county.Mrs. C. B. Smith was hostess toan old-fachioned dinner party Wednesday. The guests were: MissesLizzie and Leigh Gordon Giltner,Mrs. R. L. White, Lexington; Mrs.W. G. McClintock; Mrs. MattiePurnell and daughters, Misses Bessand Agnes Purnell, Paris; Mrs. R.L. Buffington, Columbus, Ohio; MissVanHye, Cleveland, Ohio; Miss N. L.Best, 'Nashville, Tenn.; Miss PattieHunter, Washington, Mason county;Mrs. S. C. Carpenter, Mrs. C. Martin, Mrs. W. Saunders, Millersburg.The Epworth League of theMethodist church will hold an opensession on Sunday night, December31, at seven o'clock. A pageant entitled "The Gift Of Time," will bepresented, with forty-four characters participating.The regular meeting of theTwentieth Century Club will .beheld to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, with Mrs. C. B. Smith -as hostess. This will be a business meeting, at which the election of officersto serve during the new year of1923 will feature.The funeral of Mrs. MyrtleMattox, who died at her home Monday after a short illness of typhoid fever, was held Tuesday afternoon, at 2:30, with services conducted at the grave in the Millersburg Cemetery. Mrs. Mattox issurvived by her husband, ElvaMattox, and seven small children.One of the most enjoyable social events of the holiday seasonwas the get-together meeting givenWednesday night in the Presbyterian church by members of the Bibleclasses. The first part of the meeting was held in the Sunday schoolroom in the church building, withabout one hundred guests present.Lunch was served in cafeteriastyle. Mr. Wm. Mclntyre, superintendent of the Sunday school, presided as toatstmaster. Each classhad a representative who gavea . short talk. Mrs. John Grimes,representing the ladies' Bible class,introduced each representajve of theclasses with an "Original poem. Dr.H. M. Boxley representing theMens' Bible class, "Mrs. ElizabethReynolds, ttfe Young. Ladies' class,Miss Frances Shannon, .the YoungPeoples' class, and Mrs. John Purdy,the Womans' Auxiliary, made shorttalks. Postmaster Thomas Browngave a short talk in behalf ofRev.W. W. Morton, the pastor, and Mis.Charles Robert Jones, in behalf ofMrs. Morton. After .the lunch theguests repaired to the main auditorium of the building, where theyoung people of the church gave aninteresting program of readings andmusical selections. Miss VirginiaShanklin gave a beautiful solo.oDEATHSMEDLEYWilliam Medley, aged sixtyeight, died at his home on the lowerI Jackstown pike, Monday night, aftera few days' illness of pneumonia.The body was taken to Mt. Carmel,where the funeral and burial washeld Tuesday, with services conducted at the grave.ftMATTOXMrs. Myrtle Garrison Mattox,wife of Elva Mattox, of near Millersburg, died at her home on theHeadquarters pike, at a late hourMonday night, after an illness of buta few days from typhoid fever.Mrs. Mattox is survived by her husband and seven small children.The funeral was held at Millersburg Tuesday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, with services held at thegrave in the Millersburg Cemeteryby a local minister. The bereavedfamily have the sympathy of the entire community.iGeneral AdmissionADULTS QHp27c, war tax 3c. . . 0 U vCHILDREN 1 npNotax....7T. lUwGALLERY Ofl18c, war tax 2c.U!Buy Book TicketsAdult Book5 Tickets ,Children Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box Office(1-MdudASHLEYWm. E. Ashley, aged seventyfive, died at the Massie MemorialHospital, in Paris, Wednesday afternoon, after a short illness. Mr.Ashley was a farmer by occupation,but had not been actively engagedfor some time owing to illness. Sofar as known he had no relatives inthis immediate vicinity.The body was prepared for burial,and was taken to North Middletown, where the funeral was jheldat 2:30 o'clock yesterday afterjnqon..Services were conducted at thq.grave by Rev. F. M. Tinder,- pastorof the North Middletown Christianchurch. T ,. -FRIDAY 2 Big Features FRIDAYMIA MAY in "The Greatest Truth"A Paramount picture, gorgeous, spectacular, interesting, stupendous, romantic 1,000 people in thecast a picture artistic in every sqnse, thrilling beyond words, alsoWILL RODGERS in "Boys Will Be Boys"A Goldwyn picture, an Irvin S. Cobb novel, a story that mingles tears and laughter, and leavesyou in a glow of happiness.SATURDAY '. SATURDAYWilliam Russell "A Self-Made Man"A story of - a disinherited son of wealth, who made good with a revenge a charming tale of WallStreet and Mr. Dan Cupid A Fox production.WEST IS WEST, a Sunshine Comedy, and PATHE NEWS.NEW YEARS DAY NEW YEARS DAYThomas Meighan, Pauline Stark, Theodore Roberts, Charles Oglein "IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT'S SO"The greatest drama Meighanv ever made. If you believe it, it's so. A picture that has every ingredient of entertainment. If you believe it, it's so. Don't miss it.BOBINSON CBUSOE, MUTT AND JEEF, PATHE EEVIEW.MATRIMONIALA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings As- vThe Days Go BySEEQUBWINDOWS:FOREMAN RUPARDMiss Lucille Foreman, ofNorth Middletown, and Mr. DallasFranklin Rupard, of Clark county,secured marriage license in Winchester, Tuesday, and were marriedTuesday afternoon at the home orthe officiating minister, Rev. M. P.Lowry.BANTA t' William J Banta, aged v fiftysix, died at his home, J5Q Beft Lineavenue, Lexington, after a long illness, due to a complication of diseases. Mr. Banta was born andreared in Bourbon county, and wasthe son of the late Lot and JaneWilson Banta. Until a few yearsago when he moved to Lexington toreside, he had been engaged infarming. ""Mr. Banta is survived by - hiswidow, Mrs. Rena Banta, two broth-Jers, Brack Banta, of near Paris, and'Andy Banta, of Colorado, and by onesister, Mrs. Jonas Sparks, of Nicholas county.The furieral was held Wednesdaymorning, with services conducted atthe grave in Wilmore Cemetery, byRev. Clarke, of Wilmore. The pallbearers were James Gillispie, Stanley Gillispie, Gabe Utterback, Wm.Wilson, Ben Reed and Edsel May.$r.tistic settings and excellent acting. The story contains much lively:dmedy.-. r N? sWith memories of all the greatPictures vou have seen, nermit usrfc call your attenion to one whichwjll rank with tne greatest of tnem,ibodying as it does all of the at-lbutes which have gone' towardsaking the others great. This isThomas JVIeighan's latest Paramount picture, "If You Believe It,t's So." This is the powerful andConvincing story of how a hardened city crook was refoimed andflound love and peace. Told with asoreness and dir&ctlness which must jappeal to you, the story is interpreted by a cast which includes suchpopular players as Pauline Stark,Theodore Roberts, 'Joseph Dowlingand Charles Ogle. At the Alamo"and Grand Monday afternoon andnight (New Year's Day.)BIRTHSMr. and Mrs. James Grinnellare welcoming the advent of adaughter;born Wednesday night atthe, Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis 'city. Mrs. Grinnell was formerly Miss Martha Mattox, ofParis, a sister of Miss Ina Mattox,of the Paris Realty Co.oGLAD TO HEAB ITAUTOMOBILE AND DOG TAGSBEADYComplimentsof the SeasonTo oir many old friends andto the many new ones wehope to make in the combing year, we extend our bestwishes for a Happy andProsperous New Year.Price & Co.ClothiersiI -5I SEE0URW1NDQWStPOGUE PARKERMrs. Rebecca Sims, of Paris,and Mr. Everett Thomasbn, if Millersburg, were among the guestswho attended the wedding of Mr.Alfred C. Parker and Miss Marguerite Pogue, which took place Tuesday afternoon, at the home of thebride, in Maysville, Rev. Dr. JohnBarbour officiating.The bride is a daughter of thelate Henry E. Pogue, well-knownMaysville distiller. Mr. Parker isthe son of Mr. and Mrs. John Parker, of Maysville, and is employedby tihe United States- EngineeringCorps, at Maysville.MORGAN SMOOTMr. Mason Sinoot and Miss Lillian Morgan, both of Owen county,were married at . Owenton Fridaymorning and immediately afterwardPAYTONClaude Paxton, formerly fi eight Jajjeiii. ior tne -Liouisvine & iasnville, at this place, and later general agent for the Chesapeake &Ohio road, at Mt. Sterling, died athis home in Ashland, Monday, aftera long illness due to Bright's disease. Mr. Paxton will be well remembeied here, where he residedfor many years.Mr. Paxton was a son of the lateDr. and Mrs. Paxton, pioneer residents of Paris. He was a man offine character, possessed of an in-exhaustable fund of humor, and waswell-known" as a vocalist, having aremarkable fine tenor voice. In theearlier days of Paris he was a member of several organizations givingamateur entertainments in Paris,and his services were always in demand, giving freely of his time andtalent.Mr. Paxton married Miss AddieDaugherty, of Owingsville, andleaves one son, Claude BartlettPaxton, of Mt. Sterling, and twobrothers. Arch Paxton, of Lexington, and Will B. Paxton, of tfewYork, both of whom were formerlyLODGE NOTESA called meeting of the PythianSisters will be held to-night (Friday) in the lodge room in the Wilson building, corner of Main andThhd streets. All members are requested to be present.THE NEWS acknowledges receiptof the following letter from -theDemocratic National Committee, atWashington, D. C:"Headquarters Democratic NationalCommittee, Bond Building, Washington, D. C, December 2,3, 1922."Ed. THE NEWS, Paris, Ky. '."Dear Sir: Greeting and thanks:In behalf of Cordell Hull, Chairmanof the Democratic National Committee, and for myself, I send yoy.Christmas greetings and best wishesfor the New Year, with assurancesof our full appreciation of yourvaluable services to the Democraticparty in the past.The automobile tags for 1923 have "Cordially and Faithfully Youn,been received at the office of County "RICHARD LINTHICUMClerk Pearce Paton, and all per- "Director of Publicity."sons owning machines aie required by law to license same by thefirst day of January, 1923, which isbut a few days off,Also a supply of dog tax tags areon hand at the office of the CountyClark, and persons owning dogs arelequested to purchase tags in thename of the party who lists themwith the county assessor or tax commissioner, so that no errors will be j Some men never try to makeA lot of chaps think they areckaritable when they give you apleasant thought.About the only meeting housesome fellows go into is the butchershop.made in the annual report togrand jury.the bright remarks unless they are "lieup."?were met at Lexington by, G. L.4Wainscott, who,, took them on a tourof the Bluegrass in his machine.The party lunched at Paris and called on Mr. and Mrs. Warren Rogers in Bourbon county, later comingto Winchester and taking dinnerwith Mr. and Mrr W. B. Lindsay.The party was entertained for thenight by G. L. Wainscott. Mrs.Wainscott having left Friday morning for AVheville, N. C, where sheisTtaking treatment under Dr. Minorat his sanitarium, frThe Pines."The wedding party motored homeSunday morning to spend the holidays.motored to Lexington, accompaniedby Mrs. Smoot's sister, Mrs. Walker in the employ of the L. & N. in thisMorgan, and Mr. Morgan. They j city.PICTURE PBOGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRAND' To-day, Friday, December 29Two big features Mia May, in"The Greatest Truth;" Will Rogers,'in "Boys Will Be Boys." TheGrand's Musical Trio.To-morrow, Saturday, December30 William Russell, in "A SelfMade Man;" Sunshine comedy,West Is West;" Pathe News. TheGrand's Musical Trio.Monday, January 1 New Year'sDay Thomas Meighan, PaulineStarke, Theodore Roberts, CharlesOgle, in "If You Believe It, It's So;"Harry Myers, in serial, "RobinsonCrusoe;" Mutt and Jeff comedy;Pathe Review; The Grand's MusicalTrio. .A lot of young fellows who thinkthat the world is their oyster aresatisfied later on inlllife if they canThe body was brought to Owingsville, Tuesday, where the funeraland interment took place in theOwingsville Cemetery.SPECIAL FEATURES AT ALAMOAND GRANDWhile in the little Northern California town of Jackson, takingscenes for "Boys Will Be Boys'Will Rogers' latest picture, showingat the Alamo and the Grand to-day,the star returned" the many courtesies of the citizens by" giving a complimentary showing of one of hisprevious pictures. He also told theaudience that any suggestions forthe betterment of the picture wouldbe appreciated.Truth has always been one of thebiggest factors in history. Becauseof it, nations have been made andempires have fallen. A motionpicture, dealing with Truth on amassive scale, is Paramount's production of "The Greatest Truth,"which comes to the Alamo andGrand to-day. It is a continentalproduction of the finest grade andMia May is the feature player.Rarely does a motion picturecome t)o this city more favorablyheralded tby reviewers, than doeBthe Fox photoplay, "A Self-MadeMan," which will open at the Alamo and Grand to-morrow. Thescreen story has been playing tolarge audiences wherever it hasbeen shown, and should meet witha hearty welcome here. From allaccounts, nothing hai been neglecttjVrGREETINGSFOR 1923WE WISH TO EXTEND OURGREETINGS OF THE SEASON TO OUR MANYFRIENDS AND PATRONS.WE SINCERELY THANKTHEM FOR THEIR LIBERALPATRONAGE AND WISH TOEVERY ONE A HAPPY ANDJOYOUS NEW YEAR.P0SNER BROS.DAN COHEN STANDJ"JMSpecial Sale Saturdayon All Christmas GoodsLadies9 House Slippers atGreatly Reduced Pricess,V,-Ii- JlV41d'j&only t thf cracker.ed in tht way oscapablfc direction,.fi