V,,' -e7,rt. "j:4- ?I.5S T 'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY BV THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1922THEv .'i'A . . 4r3K" ftl '-M''I -APTEE RECOVERY OF OIL DIVIDENDSC. C. Bosworth, receiver of theBourbon Oil and Development Company, filed suit in the Fayette Circuit Court, Tuesday, against C. L.Bell and more , than 600 otherstockholders in the oil company.The suit is to recover dividendspaid to the stockholders in 1918 and1919, when, it is alleged the company had not made any profits outof which to pay dividends. The receiver sets forth that every investment of the company was a losingproposition and that the dividendswere paid out of the capital stock ormoney borrowed. The receiver seeksto recover the sums paid out in dividends to apply to the indebtednessof the corporation.The suit does not state the entireamount which it seeks to recover,but all of the 600 or more defendants are named with the amountach is sued for.C. L. Bell leads the stockholderslist, having received 12,000 in dividends, the petition states.J. A. Edge is attorney for theplaintiff.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GE ANDTo-day, Friday, August 4 Double"Feature Day Will Rogers, in "APoor Relation;" Viola Dana in "TheMatch Breaker."To-morrow, Saturday, August 5Robert McKim, in "The MysteriousRider;" Pathe Review; CenturyComedy, No Brains.'Monday, August 7 ConstanceTalmadge, in "Mamma's Affair;"Pathe Review; Century Comedy,"Sic Em Brown," featuring Brownie,the wonder dog.-oPAY YOTJE GAS AND ELECTEICBILLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)HAIL INSURANCEINSURE Y 0 U E TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYEEKES & PEED.'(july7 tf )"THE PRIDEA REMARKABLE BUYENABLES US TO OFFERCHILDREN'S DRESSESINSILK TAFFETASizes Six to Fourteen$8.95 and $10.95They're Worth Double"Jk pAND AT THE SAME TIMEFLAPPER DRESSESINExquisite Imported NormandySizes Twelve to Sixteen$7.95Less Thanrr!NCaPP5pATC0DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYIeBUE-More than 63f000 farmers havejoined the Burley Tobacco Growers'Co-operative Association accordingto the figures presented by Assist-ant Chief William Collins, of Paris,)of the field service division, to the)board of directors of the associationin regular monthly session at theoffices of the association in Lexington, Wednesday. To the 55,617members of the association at thetime it was declared on last Novem-ber 15, with the signing up of 85!per cent, of the 1920 acreage, therehave been added since July 1, Mr.Collins reported.President Stone warmly commended Assistant Chief Collins, of thefield service division, for the workof his department in signing up somany new members.Admission of the Burley TobaccoGrower, official organ of the association, to the second class mailprivilege, was reported by a committee composed of Vice-PresidentJames N. Kehoe and Bush W. Allinand Miss Carmen Hallmeyer, of thelegal department, who went toWashington to take the matter upwith the postoffice department, following a failur.e to obtain favorableresults by correspondence.DON'T FORGET ME. CANTEILLDemocrats don't forget there is aman asking you for office who hasleft an unchallenging record. Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill isseeking re-election. He is a Scottcounty citizen, you owe him yourvote and you should make an effortto get to the polls to-morrow, Saturday, August 5th.Numerous Democratic votersthorughout the county think thatMr. Cantrill has little opposition butthey only know the conditions prevailing in Bourbon county. His opponent is making a hard fight. Mr.Cantrill is a true Kentuckian, serving his congressional district unselfishly, and Democrats should givehim their votes in appreciation forthe work he has done.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-E00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTEIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOUEBON LUMBEE CO.(nov25-tn5OF PARIS"a fi, iOriginal Costj.,iJ-63,000 FARMERS NOW INLEY POOLTHE STEIKE SITUATIONRailway executives Tuesday firm-ily but courteously rejected the program advanced by the Harding administration for settlement of of therail strike.Willing to accept conditionallytwo suggestions put forward by theWhite House that both sides abideby wage decisions of the railroadlabor board and that law suit3springing out of the strike be withdrawn the heads of 148 roads declared emphatically that it was im-possible to reinstate strikers withunimpaired rights, the third provision in the President's plan.The decision not to yield as toseniority was made known to theWhite House by telegraph after therail heads had listened to a 20-min-uteaddress by Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover, who, as direct representative of the President,told them in effect that the administion held the seniority question ofminor importance in comparison withthat of upholding the labor board.' After being told by Robert S.Lovett, of the Union Pacific thatthere was no moral or practical reason from budging from their position, the executives disbanded, indicating that they were going aheadand would operate their roads withthe forces they had assembled since(the shopmen walked out July 1.The federated shop crafts Wednesday voted approval of PresidentHarding's plans to end the railstrike and appointed a committee to, draw up a , reply accepting them.The reply, however, will be subjectto amendment by the more than 100labor chiefs before going to thePresident.The first announcement from thelabor leaders simply said that theyhad voted acceptance.Later it developed that some opposition had sprung up. in the meeting and that a fight against the acceptance might be made after thetext of it is drawn up. For this reason it was made subject to amendment. The meeting will resume itssession at 3:30 p. m.Timothy Haley, president of theStationary Firemen and Oilers' union, the only other organization onstrike, announced that his organization would concur in the Shop Craftsaction.Further government action in therailroad strike was held in abeyancethough railroad executives who rc,fused President Harding's suggestions for settlement were understoodto have apprised administrationagencies that the door was still openfor negotiations.If protection in seniority statusacquired by shopmen who have con-, tinued to work in spite of the strikecould be guaranteed, any basis of'settlement the President might find, fair would be favorably considered'by the magnates, it was added, hadbrought no immediate tangible results. i'-JWCabinet members who saw thePresident for discussion of strikematters indicated the feeling thatclaims of railroad managements asto their ability to maintain transportation would get a test duringthe next few, days. These officialsleft the inference that if the strikedemonstrated symptoms of dissolution, as predicted by the carriers,the President might move again.It again was emphasized that thenation's necessity for at least a'minimum coal supply largely hadgoverned the President's action in"(the rail strike to date. This wasmost important in the prospect itheld out that coal carrying roads ofthe district south of the Ohio rivermight draw particular government'attention, or even control, unlessbetterment of their transportation'capacity is accomplished very soon.DAMAGES BY STORMA windstorm, which for a timethreatened to do extensive damage,visited this section about nineo'clock Tuesday night. The suddensqualls sent pedestrians hurrying to'shelter. The storm was accompanied by a vivid display of lightning,'and some rain. The street lightsand the lights in the residential portions of the city, as well as power"and current, as usual, were out ofcommission for a time. Considerable damage was reported from manysections of the county, growingcorn being leveled to the ground anda number of trees and telephonepoles blown down. Very little damage was done in Paris.LARGE LAMB SALESOver 2,000 sheep and lambs, averaging $10 a head, were sold at theweekly sale of the Fayette CountyLamb and Wool Co-operative Association, held in Lexington, Wednesday. Caywood & Jones, of NorthMiddletown, purchased 239 lamb,areraging 82 .pounds, for $12.50;12 lamb, averarimr 7$ poutida, forH $13.26, an 23 w-ndi, avrrimr3 umi, tw IMS. auPOULTRY CULLING DEMONSTRATIONS FOR BOURBONSix poultry culling demonstrations designed to show farmers andpoultrymen how to distinguish between the laying and non-layinghens in their flock will be held inthis county during the latter part ofAugust, under direction of the College of Agriculture extension division at Lexington, according to anannouncement received from thecollege. The series of meetings,which will be in charge of J. R.Smyth, poultry extension specialist,will open August 14, and continuethrough August 16.The schedule of meetings showingthe owners of farms on which thedemonstrations will be held, together with the day and the timefollows:Carlton Ball, Paris, 'August 14, 10a. m.; A. J. Thaxton. Millersburg,August 14, 2 p. m.; J. R. Letton,Paris, August 15, 10 a. m.; MissLuella A. Jones, Paris, August 15, 2p. m.; J. W. Bell, Paris, August 16,10 a. m.Farmers in the vicinity of each ofthe demonstrations have been invited to attend the various meetingsin order that they may learn themethod of distinguishing betweenthe laying and loafing hens. Mr.Smyth will go through he flock oneach farm pointing out the indications which show that some henshave stopped laying until spring,while others are still laying. Thosewhose -flocks are culled in the demonstrations will keep egg productionrecords a week before and a weekafter the culling in order to provethat the hens which are removed asculls were not laying.Practically every flock in theState has its share of loafer or nonlaying hens at this time of the year,poultry men of the college say. Onthe average, about one-third of thehens in the State stop laying eachyear about this time, after whichthey do not produce any more eggsuntil the following spring. Theyare the early moulters of the flockand indications which they show atthis time of the year make it easyto pick them out.Culling out these loafer hens hasfive distinctive advantages, thepoultrymen say. It saves feed,makes more room for the layinghens and pullets, utilizes waste feedfor the laying hens and pullets" andeliminates poor hens from the flockso that they will not be used asbreeders. In addition, putting theselow producing hens on the marketat this time of the year insures abetter price for them than could beobtained if they are held until laterin the season when the market forhens is flooded.COMMUNITY SERVICE NOTESCommunity Service announcesthat the Labor Day picnic will beheld in Letton woods. They havebeen very fortunate in securing Jas.Connell as chairman, which goesto say that the picnic will be a success. I. W. Bush and Harold Harrishave consented to act as the publicity committee. A speaker of nationalreputation will be an added feature,music by a band, dancing, and a program will be arranged for the afternoon that will include all ages.Community Service expects to makethis a real picnic, so plan to comeearly, bring your lunch, spend theday and help to make this the bestpicnic ever held in Bourbon county.The date for the tennis tournament has been set for the week ofAugust 28. The tournament will bedivided into two classes the Juniorfor boys and girls 18 years and under, the Senior for all over that age.Four prizes will be given, two toeach class. The ladies' and men'sdoubles will play their partner todetermine the winner. The tournament is open to anyone in Bourboncounty, and will be held on thej Community Service courts. Thesecourts are in good condition, and thepublic is cordially invited to gothere to play. A number of goodplayers haye already signified theirintention to enter. Anyone whowishes to enter will call Miss GraceCruickshank, the executive secretaryof Community Service, between twoand three p. m. at her office in theCommercial Club.GREAT ACTOR IN "THE MYSTERIOUS RIDER."One of the greatest actors ofeither stage or screen to-day has apowerful and totally "different" rolein 'The Mysterious Rider," thenewest Hodkinson release from thenovel by Zane Grey, which is theattraction at the Alamo and GrandSaturday afternoon and ' evening.That actor is Robert McKim, justlyfamous with motion picture goersfor his '"heavy" roles of the pastand now reaching a new fame inbigger, finer, more sympatheticroles. tDon't lose hope. Tanluc haa !-Ud tnouMBda .irko h almoat firtnVl dir 3Tr it- Taalac ,ia assoli. bvvaU - nV- liUr)NEWS OF THE COURTSThree of the seven negroes arrested by Sheriff Collier and Deputies Gibson and Gilkey, chargedwith crapshooting, appeared beforeActing County Judge Dundon inthe County Court, Tuesday, and,upon entering pleas of guilty, werefined $20 and -costs each. McKinleyPerkins, proved he had been merelya spectator, and .was dismissed. Acourt of inquiry was also held in an'effort to discover the ownership oftwo quarts of moonshine whiskyfound in a coat near the scene of thegame, but nothing developed.Clarence Hawkins, Jas. Frye andAlex Gibson, all colored, were arrested by Winchester police, on advices from Sheriff Collier, of Bourbon county, that t he men werewanted here on a gambling charge.They were members of a bunch ofnegroes rounded up by Sheriff Collier and deputies Gibson and Gilkey, at a colored picnic near NorthMiddletown. Saturday, making theirescape at the time. The men werebrought to Paris and arraigned inthe County Court Tuesday beforeActing Judge Dundon. They werefined. $25 and costs each.In the County Court, the warrantagainst Alex Gibson, colored, charging him with having liquor illegallyin his possesson, was dismissed.oWILL ROGERS IN "A POOR RELATION." "He's got no tobacco in his old tobacco box" Nearly everyone hasheard the dreamy, sing-song melody,which Will Rogers uses to lull hiskiddies to sleep with in "A PoorRelation," a Goldwyn Picture, coming to the Alamo and Grand, this afternoon and night.One of the hardest bits of actingfor children is the sleeping scene.The little eyelids will flutter open.Rogers gathers up the little ones inthis picture and so realistically doeshe make them feel the soothing effect of his crooning voice, that thechildren put over their little scenelike experienced actors. If the audience will watch, the words of theold songs as Rogers sings it areeasily discernible.In every community there arepeople who have been wonderfullyrestored to health by taking Tanlac.Try it. Tanlac is sold by all gooddruggists. (a(iv)FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSExtra SpecialSaleifRound MeshVal Lace SetsKsai Edges and Insertions to match.All new and beautiful patterns,suitable for Dresses, Underwearor Fancy Work$1.00Per Bolt of 12 YardsSold by the bolt only.See Special Lace CountersKRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS650 NEW MEMBERS ADDED TOBURLEY POOLContracts to the number Of "Slfewere reported to the office of. thField Service Division of the BurltyTobacco Growers' Co operative A-ciation as having been signed thmpast week, according to a stateatmtgiven out Saturday at the offices otthe Association. Of this number M,M. Mansfield, of Carrollton, led irltk t161 signed in Adair county. Workers in Hardin county signed up &Cnew members, Larue furnished If,Taylor 25 and Fleming 8.Madison county went to an eighfive per cent, sign-up Saturday,when Albert T. Day, ot Maysrilla,who has been working in. that coun- "ty, turned in 41 contracts. Mabers of the Association in Madison!have been greatly pleased with thincrease in the membership madby Mr. Day, through personal presentation of "tlie co-operative mar-keting proposition to the growers ofthat county.Frank C. Green, Louisville lawyer and former representative iathe General Assembly from Carrolland Gallatin counties, spoke to abig crowd in Taylor county Saturday. New contracts were signedafter the meeting, but the Taylorcounty workers did not give thnumber.Officials of the Association expressgratification with the gain of morathan 500 members a week and saythat if these results can be attainedwithout a concerted drive the probability is that, when the districtwide drive is put on, it will endwith 99 per cent, of the growers ofthe district in the organization. Noreport from the Huntington. WestVirginia and Western Ohio territorywas received Saturday, but this territory has been yielding from 150 to200 new contracts each week and itwas said that the workers probablyhad signed in that territory morathan 175 members since the previous Saturday.HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.Cjuly7 tf''rt 1i- t- v4?zv.i'A. --;rCr - irn f&.J f'.iw-c '-sf --i. -4 -rt'Vv i."iff M (( ,.V.K8X1i!sPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWSlfchlttifcid 18f 1 41 Years of Continuous PublicationKkished Every Tuesday and Pridayf Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.PWITT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.sintered at the Paris, Kentucky,- Peetoffie as Mail Matter ot theSecond Class.)-OU F0EEIGN EEPHESENTATIVES. Mew York American Press Assonation. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.m Atlanta JCassengale Adv. AgencyCimcinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 peri&ch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 -cents per lineach issue; reading notices in black' type, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi-4ates, obituaries and resolutions andaimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-to decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSA prominent composer of jazz music says: "Jazz music is still in itsinfancy." Or, to be more exact, itis still at the colic stage.How near to nothing is near beer,How watery, eh, what!But ordering you often hear:'You want the best we got?"Paris girl says there are only two-styles in bathing suits this summer,those suitable for stout womenover sixty, and those suitable fordenunciation from the pulpit.Heard yesterday that a Paris manwith an ingrowing and out-croppingthirst complains that the 'authorities are making Paris so dry that hehas to grease his lips with a baconrind every time he whistles for hisdog. -Gee, aint it awful?The appearance on the streets ofParis, Ky., recently of a handsome.girl attired in knickerbockers, nearly caused a stampede from on-look--ers.Somehow, feminine apparel has-.an abiding attraction for certainpeople whether it be on or off.T am convinced a woman can- Love this, or that, or any other man;This day she's melting hot,To-morrow swears she knows younot;If she but a new object find,tJThen straight she's of another mind."If these strikes continue muchlenger bear in mind George Washington's formula for keeping warmJill winter with one billet of wood;""Carry it to the top floor, heave itMHit the window, run downstairs and-tarry it up again. Continue thismntil the following May."There still may be seen in somevTParts of Kentucky signboards advertising a certain brand of whisky-whose motto was: "Born With, The.Republic." The billboards failed toradd: "Died With the EighteenthAmendment."Headline over Weather BureauItem in Lexington Herald said:"July not so warm." Where do youge that kind of information? RatherQueer statement even for the weather man, used to all kinds of predc-'tions and statements. Ask any"Office-bound worker whether or not-July was warm! "We say it was!There's trouble in the land, especially in Paris. Why? Severalthings! For instance: Every time- slight v cloud appears in the sky;aear the sub-station, or anywhere in'the vicinity of the interurban line.out go the electric lghts and off goesTfchev power current i1iParis.And again: The supposedly"wholesome drinking water suppliedParis patrons is becoming almostunusable, many housekeepers retorting to the use of spring water,cistern water, any kind of waterttat is drinkable and usable. Andagain but, anyhow, what's thematter andx what's going to be4ee?lanpers arelibertybelles.Apt itlooks liketkftir mnttnis,frdavi . - -, . .. a'., WIM NUN."LOWER nrSTTRAMCE BATE ON TOBACCO IN BABNSLower-insurance rates on tobaccoin barns may grow out of a movement started some time ago, staterepresentatives now being engagedin working out a plan to presentthe matter of lower rates to theKentucky Fire Insurance Underwriters' Association.In addition to a lower rate it issaid that agreement practically hasbeen reached to increase considerably the amount of insurance allowed on tobacco, the proposed maximum being approximately $225 to$300 an acre, which is about twicethe amount allowed per acre lastyear.The proposal for lower rates iscredited to what one of the Stateagents called "the systematic andbusiness-like methods of handlingtobacco used by the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Association."S. B. Kennedy, of the WinchesterFire Insurance Company, is head ofthe committee working on this proposition, which also will include acentral adjustment bureau for theprompt settlement of any claim ofgrowers on policies on tobaccoinbarns.The proposal for lower rates oninsurance in barns, it was said byone of the State agents,' is not justified by experience of the companies for the past five years with thisclass of business, as it has not proven a particularly profitable class,but the btfsiness-like system of thenew Burley Association is said tohave impressed the insurance menThe great increase in price over ayear ago caused the decision to increase the maximum of insuranceallowed the growers.Some time ago Vice-Presidentand Manager Claude F. Snyder, ofthe Henry Clay Fire Insurance Company wrote Manager C. H. Parker,of the Kentucky Acturial Bureau,which makes fire insurance rates,calling his attention to this businessand suggesting the advisability ofreadjusting rates so as to providebetter protection for the growersduring the time their tobacco ishanging in the barns and before itsdelivery to the Association.NEWYORK G. 0. P. TURNSAGAINST HARDINGThe New York State Republicanorganization has declared in effectagainst the renomination of WarrenG. Harding, of Ohio, and for thenomination of Nathan L. Miller, ofNew York, for President in 1924.In resolutions adopted at the recentRepublican State Convention, Governor Miller is called "the greateststatesman of the age."Various Republican State primaries have already repudiated theHarding administration, or ratherwhat passes for the policies of theadministration, but this is the firstspecific repudiation of PresidentHarding himself and his term isnot yet half over.The Harding adminstration,therefore, has nothing to gain by aRepublican victory in New Yorkthis year. For that matter it wouldhave nothing to gain by a Republican victory in Indiana, Iowa, NorthDakota and Nebraska.In the meantime, it is in order forhis Republican friends and associates to extend their sympathy andcondolence to the Hon. CharlesEvans Hughes, who until now hasbeen regarded as New York's greatest statesman in public life.BLUE SKY LAW IS mr.T.Ti VALIDIn overruling the motion of Thos.M. King, trustee of the Shareholders' Syndicate, to quash an indictment charging- him with violation ofthe blue sky law, Judge A. T. Burgevin. of Louisville, held that thelaw enacted in 1920 was constitutional. It was the first test of thelaw in Kentucky, it was said, andwill be carried to the Court of Appeals. The defendant, who was indictedApril 27, 1922. for alleged sale of acertificate to Mrs. Mary L. Gray for$30 without the investment concernhaving obtained premission of theState banking commission, demurredto the indictment. He cantended thelaw did not apply to trustee statesand attacked its constitutionality.MADDEN GETS BIG SUM TOR BUDLERNERWord was received in Lexingtonthat the 2-year-old colt, Bud Lerner,considered the best colt in the East,which has shown to date, was soldby John E. Madden, to Sam Hildreth, of New York, for the reportedprice of $40,000. Bud Lerner isnow stabled at Saratoga Springs.Several weeks ago Mr. Maddenput the price of $75,000 onx BudLerner and Dunlin. Dunlin was solda week ago to J. S. Cosden for $37,000. Princess Mary has always been agreat reader and one of her favoriteauthors is Tennyson.One business house nv London stillcontains the sane -fixtures whihJ were put In place there ia UfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,FORMER PARISH Iff AUTO ACCIDEffT Harold Ewalt, member of the firmof McNamara, Ewalt & Gulifoyle, ofMt. Sterling, narrowly escaped deathlate Tuesday afternoon when his carran over an embankment, ' nearBoonesboro on the Kentucky SKaverMr. Ewalt, with Mr,, and Mrs. J. W.Baber, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Mitchell, of Mt. Sterling, and Miss KateNapier, of Paris, had taken the Williams camp for a ten days' stay.Shortly after their arrival at thecamp, Mr. Ewalt started for waterand turned his car too close to theedge and ran into a ravine, falling adistance of about 30 feet. He wastaken to the hospital at Winchestershortly after the accident. He wasbadly bruised about the face andbody, his shoulder and one anklewere sprained and his back badlywrenched.' Mr. Ewalt was formerly in theemploy of the J. T. Hinton Co., inParis, where he was highly esteemed. Mr. Mitchell, who was in theparty, was also formerly of Paris,and was also employed with the Hinton Co. John McNamara, Mr.Ewalt's partner, is also a Paris boy,son of Mr. and Mrs. James McNa-mara, of Pleasant street.nHOLDING TUBERCULOSIS CLINICSTHROUGHOUT STATEConditions found by Dr. S. W.Bates, superintendent of the StateTuberculosis Sanitarium, and Dr. J.S. Lock, director of the State Tuberculosis Sanitarium. while theywere holding their tuberculosis clinics recently at different points in the State indicate, according to Dr. A. T. McCormick,State Health Officer, that such clinics should be held all through Kentucky if the best possible progress isto be made in fighting the dread"white plague."At these clinics, according to Dr.Bates, 268 persons in all were examined for the disease. Fifty-eightactive cases were found, and fortyfive arrested inactive cases. Of thefifty-eight persons who had activecases of the disease, twelve neverhad seen a doctor and did not suspect that they were victims of tuberculosis. "These conditions are absolutelytypical," Dr. McCormick said. Allover Kentucky there are personswho have tuberculosis withoutknowing it. These and other clinicsthat have been held show the needfor more clinics and earlier consultation with competent physicians bypersons who suspect that they mayhave the disease."oSOME TOBACCO LIARS(Stanford Interior-Journal)Some unique liars have developedamong those whose selfish personalinterests cause them to oppose theBurley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation. Up in the WestVirginia burley counties one of thearguments against the association isthat a grower must have several ofhis neighbors "go on a note withhim" before he can get any moneyon his tobacco, The ridiculous falsehood of such a statement, of course,is known to every member of theassociation, but some outsiders whohave no newspapers to informthemselves are deceived by thesestatements and, of course, remainout of the association.This has been one of the handicaps, according to some of the menworking in West Virginia to themovement, but since a delegationfrom West Virginia came down hereand looked over the field and wentback and told their neighbors whatthey found in Kentucky of themany satisfied growers, how theyreceived an advance of about a thirdof the value of their tobacco whenthey delivered it, "without no notenor nothin' nohow," and anotherthird on the second payment, withprospects of about the same amounton a final payment. Clifton Rodesand his workers in that territory arenot finding their task so difficult.When farmers once thoroughlyunderstand the co-operative marketing proposition they adopt it. OurWest Virginia friends will come inwhen they understand just as theKentucky, Ohio and Indiana growershave done.INDIANA FRUIT TREES AREOVERLOADEDPeach and apple trees all overClark county, Indiana, are breakingdown from the weight of the heavycrop of fruit. According to farmersthousands of bushels of the fruitmust go to waste because there is noway to dispose of the surplus; Insome localities in the county automobile tourists are invited to visitthe orchards and help themselves inorder to relieve the trees of part oftheir burdens.USEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintlees.THE BOURBON NEWS,About 85 per, cent, of the people9 Iadi re engage in agriculture.KENTUCKYIS AMEBICA A P1EE C0UXTBY?"This is a free country. The majority rules here!" A proud American boasts this, which we are allfond of making to our foreignfriends.Is this a free country? Does themajority rule? Many a patrioticand home-loving citizen is askinghimself these questions. Is it a caseof majority rule when the well-organized minority in a basic industrycan jeopardize the entire Nation? Itit a free country, or a majority ruleGovernment, when any "bloc" inHouse or Senate can dictate legislation in the interests of any part ofa hundred millions as opposed to theinterests of the "whole? Is it a freecountry when any religious bias attempts to interfere with the schoolsof the Nation?War breeds hate, hate breeds fanaticism, fanaticism breeds intolerance, intolerance breeds oppression,anarchy, Bolshevism, fear. We havehad the war, and experienced thehate and the fanaticism. But we,the American people, with the loveof freedom and independence, whichis the priceless heritage given us byour traditions, our history, and ourlove of what we truly think of asGod's country, do not have to followthe road to the end; we do not haveto absorb the intolerance, or experience the oppression, anarchy, Bolshevism, fear.The way is" clear; we have but toapply to these our present problemsthat ideal for which our forefathersfought, which Washington put inpractical operation, which Lincolnupheld. We have but to rememberthat before we are farmers, strikers,strike breakers, legislators belonging to a bloc, members of any specialgroup, or upholders of any specialfaith, we are first of all, good Americans. While we all remember that, thiswill be a land where the majorityrules. When we forget it, and onlywhen we forget it, can this cease tobe a free country.TEThe Following Statement ShouldForm Conclusive Proof of Meritto Every Paris ReaderCould stronger proof of the meritof any remedy be desired than thestatements of grateful endorserswho say their confidence has beenundiminished by lapse of time?These are the kind of statementsthat are appearing constantly inyour local papers for Doan's KidneyPills. They are twice-told and confirmed, with new enthusiasm. Canany reader doubt the following? Itis from a Paris resident:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 314 Second street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills afew times in the past and have beengreatly benefitted by them. Myback was weak and lame and mykidneys acted too frequently, causing me to get up during the night.A box of Doan's Kidney Pills whichI got at Varden & Son's Drug Storegave me fine relief. I certainlythink Doan's are a splendid remedyand gladly recommend them to anyone." (Statement given November9, 1916.)On November 12, 1920, Mr. Hellersaid: "I am glad -to say the cureDoan's Kidney Pills made for me hasbeen lasting. I gladly confirm myformer statement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.CATALOGUES FOR - KENTUCKYSTATE FAIR READYThe catalogues for the 1922 Statefair at Louisville are off the pressand show that a record amount inprizes will be offered the farmers ofKentucky during fair week, September 11 to 16, the total being $106,000. The largest individual stake isthe award in the $10,000 five-gaitedsaddle horse stake to be decided theclosing night of the fair. 'Although the awards for the horsedepartment, which includes mules,are far in the lead in the totalamount. The prizes for the cattledepartment total more than $25,000.In compiling the awards, thewomen's department is not slighted,the amounts extending far morethan those of any previous year,with a total of $6,500. This department is under the direct supervisionof W. C. Hanna, commissioner ofagriculture, Mrs. Margaret Jonesbeing' the superintendent.Los Angeles 'woman killed herselfafter writing a poem.' Tiat isn'tIBINsuck a bad habit, . ,,9EEESUPERSTITIOJr CAUSES AUTOLICENSE CHANGESuperstition cast Harry Brown,Albany, N. Y., taxi driver, $25.Harry had been doing, little or nobusiness for the last few weeks.He suddenly came to the conclusionthat it was all because the licensehe obtained from the city to operatethe taxi was No. 13.It cost him $25 to change thelicense, but he says it was worth it.Extension of CharterOFTHE FIRST NATIONALBANK OF PARISParis, KentuckyTreasury Department,Office of Comptroller of The Currency, Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasbeen made to appear that "THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK OFPARIS" in the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act of Congress,"to enable National Banking Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved July 12, 1882.L Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissin-ger, Comptroller of the Currency, dohereby certify that "THE FIRSTNATIONAL BANK OF PARIS" inthe City of Paris, in the County ofBourbon and State of Kentucky, isauthorized to have succession for theperiod specified in its amendedarticles of association: namely, until close of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of office this firstday of June, 1922.(Seal)(Signed)D. R. CRISSINGER,.Comptroller of The Currency.Charter No. 6323.Extensiou No. 4304.(July 7-1 mo)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to , LexingtonLexington To Paris7l05 a. m. . 6:00 a. m.8:05 a." m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m 8:00 a. m.10:95 a. m. 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. 10:00 a. m.12:05 p! m. 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. 12:00 m.- 2:05 p. m. 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. m. 2:00 p. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 5:00 p. .7:05 p. m. 6:60 p. m.8:15 p. m. 7:00 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m. 11:00 p. m. iCash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 64c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Ticket!, aingle trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)CAHAL BROS.BASSES SHOP4 WHITE BABBEHS-4TModern lfatpmmtExpert and Polite fertteHOT AND COLD BATHSBENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sFor -Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"Try Us With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAayTisMPRINTING fiSFRIDAY, AUGUST 4,UM fFOR SALEKentucky mountain ewes andfresh milk cows.H. V. THOMPSON,(28-4t) Winchester, Ky. .Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, the hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned administrator, for adjustment and payment.All such claims not presented within the legal limit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselveaindebted to the estate of Caesar Ste-Ivenson. deceased, are herehv notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. CHARLES HUGHES,Administrator.(28-3wks)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMarys Griffin Hayes' Admr.,.PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.R. B. Hayes, Etc . . .DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale entered atthe June term, 1922. of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,on' SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1922, lat the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic outcry to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property: . .jA certain house and lot situatedin Paris,, Bourbon county, Kentucky, beginning on Vine Street,at the south-east corner of theproperty of Forrest Thomas;thence running with the line ofsaid Thomas" a distance of 141feet to the property of the L. &N. Railroad Company; thencealong said line in a northerly. direction a distance of 48 feet 5inches, to a corner in the line ofthe Hinton property; thence alongsaid Hinton line in an easterly direction a distance of 150 feet to acorner of the inside of the pavement on Vine Street; thencealong said pavement in a. southerly direction a distance of 50 feetto the point of beginning.Said sale is made for the purposeof settling the estate of Mary GriffinHayes and dividing the proceeds ofsale among the parties in interest.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety, forequal parts "of the purchase money,due six and twelve months from dateof sale respectively and bearing interest at the rate" of Six Per Cent.(6) per annum from date of saleuntil paid.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(juy21-28-aug4)BtEPArKTmCNT-si'.X . sSrt&t.s-r-- ': --- ?&.&:'SMt. vl : .aftiVi(Uiy'. -":cFRIDAY, -AUGUST 4, 1922THB ; BOURjBON NEWS PARIS, KBNTUCKTPACT TBMg'TOWN PESTSCONSTANCE TALMADGE IN"MAMMA'S AFFAIR"PERSONALS'C&iigJ&LJ&JAivr mMISSUS, KIV4 BOREV TW LOW01 A OOXEW EGGS, TYV ALMUACLOC-K AVID TODAfc PAPE2Ww'.,r,f MfThe Borrower lugs off Eggs whenthey're Eighty Cents a dozen andbrings them Back when they areDown to Twenty-Five, and takes theLawn Mower in the Summer and Returns it in the Winter and borrowsToday's Newspaper and 857 OtherThings and Never Brings Them BackNo More No Time IPleasurable anticipation greetsthe announcement that "Mamma'sAffair," presented by Joseph M.Schenck and released by AssociatedFirst National, will be seen at theAlamo and Grand, Monday afternoon and evening.The always engaging ConstanceTalmadge carries off the stellarhonors. It is the screen version ofRachel Barton Butler's HarvardUniversity prize play, which enjoyed a Broadway success last season.Miss Talmadge is said not only torepeat her former triumphs, but toascend to new heights in her interpretations of the. role of Eve.The cast is carefully chosen anddeserves mention. Kenneth Harlan,who is Miss Talmadeg's leading manplays the part of Doctor Harmon.Effie Shannon essays the role of Mrs.Orrin, the mother of Eve, KatherineKaelerd interprets the character ofMrs. Marchant, the sycophanticfriend of Mrs. Orrin, George LeGuere, .appears as Henry Marchant.Tier son and affianced" husband ofEve, while Gertrude Le Brandt is"Bundy," Mrs. .Orrin's confidentialmaid.STENOGRAPHERS WANTEDNUTS VALUABLE BY-PRODUCTSON FARMSNative nuts, not the two-leggedTariety locked up and at large, butthe kind that grow on trees, arevaluable farm by-products, whichshould be cultivated so as to producethe best quality in the largest quantities, says the TJ. S. Department ofAgriculture.Black walnut, hickory, and pecantrees are of economic importanceon account of the nuts producedT'aswell as for the woods. Every treeintended for quantity production ofnuts should have plenty of space.Trees should be spaced from 60 to100 feet p.part.A fertile soil that is reasonablymoist is best, and well drained clayloam the most desirable. Nut treesdo not come true to seed and theonly way to reproduce a variety oran identical type is by grafting orbudding.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismc&n be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sCreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwo-gco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.There is an urgent need for persons qualified as stenographers andtypists to fill vacancies in the United States Veterans' Bureau at Lexington, according to announcementof G. A. Bateman, secretary of thecivil service examining board. Thesalary ranges from $840 to $1,200 ayear. Necessary blanks may be secured from Secretary Bateman atthe postoffice building in Lexington.-The date of examination is August8 and prospective candidates forthese positions should file their applications at once.AGENTS WANTEDSell the Original Watkins Products. Good city territory stillopen. Get our wonderful offer andfree samples. Write to-day.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.,(augl-2t Dept. 79, Memphis, Tenn.o :WINNINGS PAY OLD DEBT872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONE(Washington Herald)Bread cast on the waters doescome back, and this' letter receivedat Salvation Army headquarters recently proves it. The letter writer,who remains anonymous, says:"Dear Sal: Almost four yearsago in France I lost my pay shooting against what later provedloaded dice. I had no smokes untilyou came along. Then I was jake."Things haven't heen so brightwith me, but last night I got theinclosed in a small game and itseemed just in time to sort of repayyou."FORMER DOUGHBOY."P. S.: These dice were on thesquare."There was a wrinkled $1 bill and10 cents in the envelope.oADDING MACHINE E0LLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abiff stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.oThe first woman's club in thei United States was founded in Boston by Anna Hutchison in 1638.???kRENT FREE!How Does Your Neighbor Save HisRent? By Buying From theParis Baking Companyl-lb. loaf of A. B. Bread 8cMeal, per peck 25cRoyal Spring Flour, 24 lbs : $1.1 ORed Cross Flour, 24 lbs $1,00Purity Flour, 24 lbs .'. $1.00Mapje Leaf Flour, 24 lbs .$100Lemons, per dozen 25cTomato Cans, per dozen.. 60cPet Cream, small cans - 5cPet Cream, large cans. 1 0cGallon Cans of Cherries $1.25Arbuckle Coffee :..- ,...30cHeinz Pork and Beans, small cans , . . 1 0cHeinz Pork and Beans, large cans 1 5cVan Camp's Pork and Beans, small cans 1 0cVan CampVPork and Beans, ljirge cans 1 5cI3LPARISBAKINGCOI. L. GLASS, ManagerMiss Mary Elizabeth Green, ofOwenton, is a guest-of Miss LillianDale.Miss Mary Johnson is visitingher cousin, Mrs. J. F. Johnson, inWinchester.Mrs. James A. Orr is visitingher mother, Mrs. George Hanson, inJtichwood, Ky.Mrs. Ernest Thompson, who hasbeen very ill for some time, isable to be out.Miss Martha Plank, of Flemingsburg, is a guest at the home ofMr., and Mrs. S: E. McClanahan.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, wasa guest this week of his brother,Sherman R. Snapp. in Cincinnati.jMiss "Ruth Siebenthaler, of Walnut Hills, Cincinnati, is a guest ofMiss Virginia Still, on Hendersonstreet.Mrs. Swinney Ray, who hasbeen ill for some . time at her homeon. Higgins avenue, is improvingnicely.Randolph Darnall has returnedto his home in Covington, after avisit to Robert Iiee Frank, Jr., onHigh street.Miss Mary Kenney, Deputy Circuit Clerk, left Tuesday morning foran extended stay at Lake Chautauqua, New York.Mrs. Harry Meade, of Chicago.is a guest at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lunceford Talbott, oh Twelfth street.Mrs. Logan Howard and daughter. Miss Susan Baker Howard, ofParis, are spending several days atthe Boonesboro Bathing Beach.Mrsv Lewis T. Lilleston anddaughter, Dorothy, returned yesterday from a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. T. McGrath, in Harodsburg. Rev.. C. H. Greer returned Tuesday from Lake Junaluska, S. C,where he attended the sessions ofpastors of Methodist churches ofthe South.Mr. and Mrs. Dewey Kusterhave returned to their home in Cynthiana after a visit to the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kuster, near Paris.Mrs. James M. Arnold has returned to her home in Covington after a visit to her brothers, W. G.and T. Hart Talbott, at their homeon Duncan avenue.Mrs. Sidney S. Ardery, Jr., andlittle daughter, Mary Carolyn Ardery, are visiting the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Baird, inSouth Charleston. Ohio.Mrs. Charles G. Holman and little daughter, Alice Frances, of Detroit, Mch., are guests at the homeof the former's mother, Mrs. AliceSnapp, on Lilleston avenue.Richmond Register: "Miss Julia Clark, who is attending school atthe Eastern Kentucky NormalSchool, in this city, entertained herbrother from Paris, over Sunday."Miss Elizabeth Somerville, ofMontgomery, Alabama. returningfrom a tour of the East, is a guestof her aunt, Mrs. J. T. Vansant, andDr. Vansant, at ther home on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. F. Talbottand Mr. and Mrs. Varden Shipp havereturned from a visit to Mrs. Blannie Shipp, who is spending the summer at Graham Springs, near Harrodsburg. Ben Orr has returned to Pittsburg, to resume his position withthe Armstrong Cork and InsulationCompany, after a visit to Dr. andMrs. James A. Orr and the MissesOrr, in this city.Miss Edna Snapp. of Lakeland,Ky., is visiting her mother, Mrs.Alice Snapp, of Lilleston avenue.Miss Snapp is in charge of the SocialService work at the Central StateHospital, at Lakeland.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Turner, whohave been residing in Los Angeles,Cali., for several years, have returned to Paris, and will for the presentmake thNeir home with Mr. Turner'smother, Mrs. Edward Turner.Mrs. James Woodford and little daughter, Anna Duke Woodford,Miss Sussaus and Miss Betsy Ray leftTuesday for an overland trip via motor to Clarks Lake, Mich., wherethey will be in camp two weeks.Miss Helen Marion Owsley hasreturned to her home in Cincinnati,after a visit to friends and relativesin Millersburg and Paris. She wasaccompanied by Miss Nell Speakes,of Paris, who wll be her guest fortwo, weeks.Mrs. Mary E. Frazier anddaughter, Miss Margaret Frazier, ofLouisville, and Mrs. Tabitha Oldham, of Kansas City, are guests ofMrs". Bettie Bedford, near Paris.Mrs. Frazier and Mrs. Oldham aresisters of Mrs. Bedford.Ned Brent, of Paris, who is visiting his grandparents Mr. and Mrs.Edward M. Wallace, near Versailles,has recently returned from a motortrip with them to Niagara Falls,Lake Chautauqua, and other pointsof interest in the East.Mr. and Mrs.. James M. Caldwell and son, Kenneth Caldwell, leftTuesday for for an extended motortour to points of interest in theWest. They will spend some time invisiting Yellowstone National Parkand other wonderland spots in" thevicinity.Miss Shelley Storey, formerlyconnected with the MetropolitanLife Insurance Co., in their Parisoffice, is now a patienf at the Mt.McGregor Sanitarium, near Saratoga, New York, where she arrived ,v afew, days ago, after an interestingii 11 InU we USCOYou Buy lb-day isaNew-aBetter-aHeavier"USCO"atjheHOTZThice'with No Tax addedW3S$AST Fall at the $10.90 price itseemed to motorists as-if the30 x 3Y2 USCO had reachedthe peak of tire valueYet the makers of USCO have nowproduced a still better USCO a longerwearing tire withThicker tread thicker side walls.Better traction, longer service,more mileage.And the tax is absorbed bythe manufacturerThe new and betterUSCO is a tire money'sworth that was impossible a year ago.It is possibletoday only inUSCO.Copyright1922U. S. Tire Co.s jtssmfftkaasm.Wzmm S mil JThe piTOS I WJl 1Mew& l?m JiBBill n( 3wsa mzmi maAQqoUnited Stales TiresUnited States Rubber CompanyFStv-tkrearat,. The Oldest and ZarvettRubber Organization in the WorldTiro hundred andthxrtvfiva Branehew MWhere YouCan BuyU.S. Tires:MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., Millertburg, Ky.RUGGLES MOTOR CO., Paris. KentuckyWHITE FRONT GARAGE, Paris, Kentucky .YOUNG'S GARAGE AND MACHINE SHOP, North Middletown, Ky.A3:-VOFFER SPECIAL INDUCEMENTSFOR AUGUST SHOPPINGAll of them affording such remarkable sayings thatthey are well worth coming to Cincinnati.THE AUGUST SALE OF FURSbrings a selection of handsome scarfs and wraps at prices lowerthan they have been for several years.AUGUST FURNITURE SALEoffers 15 to 50 discount on our entire stock of furniture,which includes a number of beautiful suites and separate pieces.SALE OF BLANKETSA well-stocked assortment of soft, warm blankets at prices lowerthan at any other time of year, is displayed in this greatAugust event."r AUGUST LINEN SALEThe justly fameid Pogue Linens have never been more attractivein design nor finer in quality than at this special time. Pricesare characterized by real economy.THE H. & S. POGUE CO.FOURTH AT RACECINCINNATI OHIOFARTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,100 of loan pays both principal and lmtretNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALS'Ask Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.KentuckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bldf .Lexiatiton, Ky.sV "inL m A WhL fe.MkJAdvertiwsGet,-x-,uIskLOANSrmmifjWMBwrtrip. -C "Vm(QW Jtra ak, o Ea&a.Jl,v..,. r(r- . -!'' 'I'KHI-c-.f.-,rt ,FAGFOUKTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS,KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 4, liftDEATHS'lift Is But A Brief Span, AThat All Must PayDebt1HINESMrs. Richard Geregory, of Paris,received a message "Wednesday telling of the death of her sister, Mrs.jGteerge Hines, in Cincinnati. Mrs.Hines had been in bad health forsome time from a complication ofdiseases. Besides Mrs. Gregory sheis survived by one brother, John P.Conway, in Winchester, a halfTrother, Thos. A. Hayes, of Denver,Colo., formerly of Paris, and fivechildren, all residing in Cincinnati.COYDessie D. Coy, aged nineteen,farmer, residing on the Georgetownpike, died Monday after an illness ofa few hours. He is survived by hismother, Mr. Edward Coy, who resides near Connersville, in Harrisoncounty, five brothers, one, LeslieCoy, residing in Bourbon county,and two sisters, one, Mrs. OleyJTranklin, residing in this countyThe funeral and burial took placeat the Bethlehem church, in Nicholas county. Wednesday.RELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligiousCircles For Iresent andFutureWRIGHTInformation was received hereof the recent death at MuskokaLake, Ontario, Canada, of Dr. FrankH. Wright, known as . the "IndianEvangelist." He was sixty-one yearsold and a son of the late GovernorAllan Wright, who was a fullblooded Choctaw Indian, and a notedminister in the Southern Presbyterian church.Dr. Wright a few years ago conducted a successful revival meetingin the Paris Presbyterian church.He possessed an unusually strongsinging voice, which was a factorin his evangelistic wbrk. Whilehere he was assisted by Miss MaryDan Harbeson, as soloist. The bodyof Dr. Wright was taken to St.Lrouis, for interment beside the bodyof his son, who lost h?s life in tne-world war.THOMPSONFollowing a prolonged illness,,due to a complication of diseases,Mrs. Mincie C. Thompson, aged fifty-two,died at her home on Mt.Airy avenue, at 9:30 o'clock Wednesday morning. Mrs. Thompsonnad been in bad health for sometime, and had been confined to herhome for several months.Mrs. Thompson was a daughterof Neal Lary and Mincie ParvinLary, of Clintonville, and was bornon the old home place. Her motherdied in 1874, when Mrs. Thompsonwas but four years old. Her fatherdied in 1880. He was a prominentfarmer and stockman of Bourboncounty. Mrs. Thompson was a nieceof Dan Lary. deceased, who represented Scott county in the KentuckyLegislature for several terms. Shewas the wife of A. S. Thompson, ofParis, to whom she was married onDecember 17, 1889. She was a member of the Christian church, havingbecome identified with that denomination at Clintonville in November,1886.Mrs. Thompson is survived by herhusband, three children, Mrs. IsaacHaley, of Paris; George C. Thompson, Jr.,of Alabama; Alvin Thompson, of Paris, one brother, S. B.Xary, of Jackson, La.; two sisters,Miss OpTielia Lary and Mrs. JohnHaskins, of Austerlitz, this county.The funeral was held at the family home, on Mt. Airy p.venue yesterday afternoon at four o'clock, withservices conducted by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch, assisted by Rev. R. H. Ellett, pastor of the Clintonville Christian church. The interment followed in the Paris Cemetery. The pall"bearers were: Active: S. E. Bedlord, R. C. Talbott, W. K. Haley,Xuther K. Rice, James Daugherty,A. T. Rice, R. F. Collier, Lewis T.Lilleston; Honorary: Abram Renick, Chas. C. Clark, Jos. Leach, Jos.UL Hall, William Grinnan, HumePayne, Claude M. Thomas, John Du-vall.DAVISFollowing a long illness from a-complication of diseases, Mr. Wm. L.Davis, aged eighty-five, for manyyears one of the most prominent business men of Paris, died at the Massie Hospital, in this city, Wednesdayafternoon. Mr. Davis had been ableto be about the streets until a short-time ago, when he became a patientAt the Hospital, where he remaineduntil death relieved his sufferings.fc. Davis was for many years an'active factor in the business life ofParis, and was prominently identid with all the important projectsand business interests of the city.Be was for four years postmaster ofParis, under the second administrate of President .Grover Cleveland,following his retirement from thatposition he became manager of theParis Milling Company, a positionme ailed, with signal .ability for several years, afterward engaging mta retail shoe business in partnersfcip with his son-in-law, Roger Q.Tmomson, and Henry Isgrigg, under-the frmname of Davis, Thomson &Iscrigg. He was also. interested intat Jersey cow "business and had am fcerd'ot cattle of that strain. Mr.Davis at oae time during the civilwar reside ia Speacer county wherefct forme aa actaaiatamce withOmaatrill, tma otea fciierilla. caiet-tkm ktetorr of etefcy at that timeThe ladies of the Presbyterianchurch will have a rummage sale inOctober. The date to be announcedlater.Eld. Earl Eastwood, of Lexington, is conducting a revival meetingat the Clintonville Christian church,which began last Sunday. Servicesare being held each evening at 7:45o'clock. Everybody invited to attend these services.Rev. Thomas B. Terhune, ofNew Albany, Indiana, will fill thepulpit at the Paris Presbyterianchurch Sunday morning and evening. A cordial invitation is extended to all to hear Rev. Mr. Terhune. Services will be he-Id at Christin n rfiurch Sunday morning andnight. Sunday School at the usualhour. The service at night will bea vesper service, held on the churchlawn, at 7:30 o'clock, weather permitting.The revival meeting conductedby Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church, in a tent inthe court house yard at Carlisle,under auspices of the Carlisle Baptist church, closed Sunday night.Thirty-eight additions to the churchwere made through letter and confessions during the ten-days' meeting. Evangelist B. H. Linville, formerly of Bourbon county, will conducta revival meeting .at the RuddlesMills Christian church, beginning onMonday, August 14, and continuingthroughout August 31. He will beassisted by Rev. Monroe G. Schuster,formerly ofi the Transylvania GleeClub, who will have charge of themusic.At the Methodist church nextSunday the Sunday school will meetat 9:30 a. m., for an interesting andhelpful session. The EpworthLeague will hold its meeting at 6:45p. m. The pastor, Rev. C. H. Greer,will occupy the pulpit at both themorning and evening hours. A mostcordial welcome is extended to everyone to attend all services.Rev. Clyde Darsie, who wascalled to succeed Rev. Pstead as pastor of the CynthianaChristian church, moved into theparsonage this week, and will beginhis pastorate immediately, preaching his first sermon on Sunday, August 6. Rev. Darsie has just concluded a successful nine years' pastorate with the Mt. Sterling Christian church. He is a brother of aformer pastor of the Paris church,Rev. Lloyd Darsie.The Young Ladies' MissionaryCircle of the Paris Christian churchheld their annual summer and business meeting Tuesday afternoon inthe woodland of Edward Burris, onthe North Middletown pike, nearParis. The meeting was in the nature of a picnic, and after a shortbusiness session and1 program, areal picnic was enjoyed, duringwhich a tempting lunrh was servedthe fifty members present.Beginning Sunday morningprotracted services will be held atthe Little Rock Christian church.The pastor, Rev. Ward Russell, willbe assisted by Rev. W. J. Clarke,evangelist, and Mr. Carlton Lambert, singer. Services will be heldeach night at 7:30 and on Sundaysthere will be morning worship also.Mr. Clark is an able preacher andhas held many successful meetings.He is a State Secretary and Evangelist of the Christian church in Kentucky. Mr. Lambert is an experienced song-leader of recognized ability. The co-operation of all goodpeople is requested.BASE BALLSATURDAY AND SUNDAY GAMESParis at Lexington.Mt. Sterling at Maysville.Cynthiana at Winchester.YESTERDAY'S RESULTSParis 0, Cynthiana 2.Mt. Sterling 0, Winchester 1.,Maysville 3, Lexington 6:Paris tried out three pitchers inthe exhibition game with Mt. Sterling on the latter's grounds, Tuesday afternoon, losing out by thescore of 5 to 2. Marks, a new importation, Bracke, erstwhile catcher,and Hurst, second baseman, presided at times on the pitching mound."Lefty" Thompson, pitching for Mt.Sterling, let the Mammoths downwithout a hit. Mt. Sterling will playa return exhibition game on theParis grounds next Tuesday afternoon. The batteries were: ForParis Bracke, Marks, Hurst andBrockman; for Mt. Sterling Townsend and Lackey. The game wentfor two hours and was umpired byMarks, Neyrey and Minerly.Pitcher McCord, the Maysvilletwiner, who started witn jparis inthe first half of the BluegrassLeague season, is now a member ofthe Maysville Club, having beensigned up Tuesday. McCord tookpart in the game at Maysville yesterday with Lexington.There has been some talk of playing off the postponed CynthianaLexington game to-day, and that thecontest would be transferred fromLexington to Cynthiana. Cynthianais coming as strong as any team inthe Bluegrass League, and the otherteams having an eye on the pennantmay have to go some. 'Howard Cammitz, who made agreat record as pitcher of the Pittsburg team in the 19009 world championship series has been signed asmanager of the Winchester team inthe Blue Grass League. Cammtzarrived yesterday and at once tookup his new duties.This has been a busy week in selling and trading circles in BluegrassLeague. Paris sold Miner to theMaysville club; Lexington sold Monholland to the Cynthiana club;D. Armi-; Rasty Wright sold himself to theLexington club, but discovered laterthat he was not permitted to playthere, Winchester having undisputed claim on him; Paris let out Minerbecause it has become a matter ofgood policy for the good of the gamelocally.Cicona, of the Paris team, continues to lead the Bluegrass League infitting. He is also leading in consecutive hitting, having run "hisstring up in ten games.Pitcher Blakefield, who has beenat his home in Wayland, for sometime, nursing a lame arm, is backagain, and is being given the gladhand by local fans. Blakefield isnow in the pink of condition, andhas all the earmarks of a comingrecord-breaker. He is a former teammate of Hurst, and was a terror inthe Appalachian League. Blakefield will make good here, and willhave the hearty support of the fans.ICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willd1gis6 C3.ll 494SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.oPHYSICAL DIRECTOR RESIGNS.The Methodists took the measureof their opponents, the Christians,in the Church League game playedon Hancock Field, Tuesday afternoon, by the close margin of onerun. The final score stood 10 to 9.The next game in the series will beplayed on Hancock Field this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock between thePresbyterians and Baptists.CHURCH LEAGUE STANDINGWon Lost Pet.Methodists 8 3 .727Christians 8 5 .615Baptists. . . . ". . . .3 7 .277Presbyterians .. ..3 7 .272M. M. Sheffield has resigned hisposition as physical director of theBourbon county Y. M. C. A. and willleave to-morrow for his former homein Iowa. Mr. Sheffield came to Paristhree years ago, and has md.de a hostof friends here. Arrangements arebeing made to hold a farewell reception for Mr. Sheffield at the Y.M. C. A. to-night.locket bearing his portrait, whichMr. Davis fondly cherished as apriceless keepsake.Mr. Davis is survived by his widow, a sister of Mrs. John T. Hinton,of Paris, with whom he and hiswife have been making their homefor several months; two daughters,Mrs. Roger Q. Thomson and Mrs.John D. Frost, both of Columbia, S.C; and one son, Will Hinton Davis,og Middlesboro. His son-in-law,John D. Frost, was for a number ofyears Adjutant-General of the Stateof South Carolina, and his grandson, Roger W. Thomson, is westernmanager of one of the large movingpicture corporations."The funeral arrangementi' had notbeen completed last night, pentingthe arrival, mejttbers'of MrF"aYilfamily, who reside' at a coatiderableWOMEN ARE QUEER!Woment are queer things, no doubtabout that,They hate' to be thin and they hateto be fat.One moment it's laughter, the 4nextit is cry,And you can't understand them however you try.But there's ona thing about themthat everyone knows,A woman's not dressed 'till shepowders her nose."I've studied the sex for a numberof years.On her ways and her whims I'vepondered a lot,To learn what will please her andjust what will not.But all I have learned from the startto the closeIs that sooner or later she'll powderher nose."At church or a ball game, at danceor a show,There's one thing about them Iknow that I know:At weddings or funerals or dinnersof tasteYou'll find that her hand will diveinto waist, wAnd every few minutes she'll strike'; up a pose.And the whole world will wait tillshe powders her nose."Selected..oret&elce of the" Efiioe J of Walei,DANVILLE ROUNDHOUSETROYED BY EIREDES-' Fire of unknown origin destroyedthe old roundhouse at the Southernrailway shops at Danville, causing" aloss estimated at $10,000. W. J.Edwards, general superintendent ofthe Southern, was in his private cara short distance from the roundhouse when the fire was discovered.Trainmaster W. C. Blackwell saidthat the fire would not effect traffis, as the supplies which were destroyed would be replaced by equipment from Somerset. Officers saidthat the strike of shopmen had noconnection with the fire.oFire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANGRASS ON PIRE CAUSES at.a-r.tvtA telephone alarm Tuesday afternoon called the fire department tothe Paris High School. Fire originating in the grass it was thoughtfrom a cigarette or cigar stub carelessly tossed on the grass by a passerby caused an alarm to be telephoned. No damage was done.LOSTMILLERSBURG COLLEGEJUNIOR COLLEGE FORGIRLS and YOUNG WOMEHCatalogue Furnished Located in the beautiful f BlueGras Region" of Kentucky yndiOn Request, Write to new buildings and modem equipment. Offers many induce.CC Richer rt I") menu to carl and dciraiHiataigr parents who wiah to pkee their kgk-v lSnCT9 U Um ters in boarding school. Courses or study include grades, college preparaPresident, MQleribttTg,Ky, Cory, two years college, music, art and expression. Limited Burobsr ofboarding pupils insures personal attention to each Gymnasium, swimming;pool, outdoor sports; safe, pleasant and inspiring home life.Somewhere in Paris, a gold fraternity pin. Finder please return toTHE NEWS office or call Cumberland phone 141.MRS. C. H. WOOD,(It) 303 Second St.SALESLADY WANTEDWanted, saleslady over sixteenyears old; good character; no experience necessary we teach you.Also one girl for Saturdays only.Apply immediately.(4-2t) S. H. KRESS & CO."THE BANK OF -SERVICE"Unless You Start You. Won't ArriveYour income has three uses to pay yesterday's bills; to meet to-day's opportunities;and to make ready for tomorrow's emergencies. For the first usage a checking account is aconvenience; but for the others an interestbearing account is essential.Start one now. Distribute your income soas not to slight your future.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00Pure Cane CDIaGranulated Sugar -kofIn Packages, per Lb.All You Want, No RestrictionsHawaiian Pineapple, grated; No. 4 j2, 27c; No. 2, 23c, No. 1 lCHawaiian Pineapple, sliced; 0,,fO2Vz, 37c; No. 2, 29c; No. 1 qQSunnyside Fruit Salad, J "7 aNo. 2 4CBewley Red Sour Pitted t l)rACherries, No. 2 ZullCampbell's 11aBeans " : . . QDel Monte IGaPimentoes QQMaxwell House Tea; 1 lb. 76c; V2 lbi37c; lb IJJCHeekin's Iced Tea; Vz lb. 32c; 17Alb lCMansfield Milk; large 9c; Iasmall 42bHorlick's Malted Milk; hospital, aa$3.00; large 76c; small UwCGulden's Prepared 10aMustard yQPremier Salad Dressing; large, 41c;iflAsmall lOQBeechnut Peanut Butter; large 11a25c; medium, 19c, small I ICLippincott's Queen Olives; quarts l)AA49c; pints ZvCLippincott's Stuffed Olives; large, 4fA41c; medium 29c; small IvvWhite Star Tuna Pish; lb. 24c; mlb 14CArgo Red Salmon, OUatall can LvvClematis Pink Salmon, 10 Atall can 2GUnderwood's Deviled Ham, s'34c;A4V4S , -LibLibby's Deviled Meat; s 10c; r.&s 3CSapphire Sardines, pure , 11 aolive oil 1. I 1Craker- l jljack ...., 42CCampfire f A AMarshmallows JPalmolive aSoap ()QJap Rose ' aSoap ; . . . JjQP. &. G. "White Naptha rSoap J)QStar x , - - jl. Soap ; .. ..42CL- vV-'' lie-Grandma .. H , jPowder k. . . . JQOld Dutch n -1 -Cleanser ."J . :v . . . . HQSani A4-Flush 2LQAcme Chlorinated 4 aLime jQShinola Shoe Polish, aall colors v. HQPomeilan Olive Oil; qts. $1.19; OOapints 61c; pints -uuCMazola Oil; gallon 89c; quarts aa51c, pints ZuCKellog's Toasted Corn aFlakes JJQKellogg's . in-Bran C .. ..JCShredded f ffWheat IZ2CSheboygan Ginger 10aAle, pints T yQWelsh's Grape Juice; quarts 57c; A4Pints jQApple-ju, pure apple aJuice.. : JJQLo-ju, loganberry aabeverage .-". v .. 4. (jQRed Enamel Handle 'Brooms; JJa5 -sewed 44CLemons, large, fancy; per OJadozen Z4CIrish Potatoes, new; 15 lbs. JOaper peck 4UCWe Don't Meet Prices We Make ThemPIGGLY WIGGLYGROCERIES FRUITS707 Main Sti-Mtttift - 'GREEN VEGETABLESH ViB B BvMn vWIPftKt&WftJ1!;-v- ,- IIMist-A-w -r iWBPii - n - rc-t-V1I AX'1 "Ssrfrv 'v Xi..Xv tVW x-ifPARIS,AFRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS,KENTUCKY' J V pPAGE FITSu-&48' "GIFTS THAT LAST"HOMEGBOWN MELONSHomegrown watermelons, muskmelons are beginning to make theirappearance in the local markets.Prices are ranging high, and supplyoutrunning the demand. It is saidthe crop this year is the largest inrecent years.oNEW TELEPHONE LINESThe Home Telephone Companyhave just completed the work ofbuilding two additional trunk lineshetween Little Rock and Paris,which will eliminate to a considerable extent the explanation, "the lineis busy" between these two points.. oSPECIAL ON HAMSArmour's Star Skinned Buy theham, boil the hock, broil the center,bake the butt 3 pounds for $1.00.W. H. PHILLIPS & CO.Cumb Phone 481, Home Phone 594.COMMERCIAL CLUB'S ANNUALBOOSTER TRIP AUG. 30.The Paris Commercial Club hasselected August 30 as the day forthe annual Bourbon County BoosterTrip. No definite plans have beenmade as yet, but this announcementhas been made in the hope that allother organizations in the countywill yield this date to the Commercial Club.NOW READYOur merchant tailoring department is ready with a most completestock of English, Scotch and Frenchfabrics in the Fall and Winterweights. An early selection of thesedesirable fabrics assure satisfactioninfit and workmanship.J. W. DAVIS & CO.THE OLD HOME TOWN PAPERNo matter where you go, if its forweeks or months at some time duringeach and every day you will wonderhow the "folks back home" are andwhat is going on in the old hometown. Have THE BOURBONNEWS follow you on your vacationand keep in touch. Call eitherphone 124, and leave your address.oRAILROAD MAN INJUREDOscar Locknane,Nashville engineer,Paris, was painfullycoupling cars in theLouisville &formerly ofinjured whileL. & N. yardsat Covington. A large lump of coalfrom a loaded gondola fell on hishead while he was making a coupling, rendering him unconscious.Trainmen discovered his predicament, and removed him to his home,where he was given medical attention. He was reported yesterday asbeing greatly improved. His mother,Mrs. R. B. Locknane, went to Covington to be with him.oTEA FOR ICED TEAIf you buy Ferndale or ChaseSanborn Teas, you get the best.C. P. COOK & CO.&ATTEND BOOSTERS' MEETINGDenis Dundon, L W. Bush, J. J.Veatch, Pearce Paton, F. F. Faries ofParis, atttended the recent meetingof the Central Kentucky Boosters,composed of representatives of commercial organizations, held in Lancaster. The delegates were entertained at luncheon, where speecheswere made by a number of prominent business and professional men,including J. H. Dorman, of NewYork, and Dr. John C. Acheson, president of the Kentucky College forWomen, at Danville.Invitations for the next meeting,to be held in September, were extends by Falmouth, Crab OrchardSprings and Danville, Falmouth being finally selected.oPURE FOOD OFFICIALS COMPLIMENT PARIS HOUSEOfficials representing the PureFood Commmission were in Parisseveral days this week, and paid anofficial inspection visit to a numberof places. Among them was theBenedetti Confectionery, which wasgiven a thorough looking-over andinspection. The officials stated toMr. Benedetti, that out of the manyestablishments they had visited inState in the past few weeks the Benedetti place was one of three thatwas absolutely one hundred percent, clean and sanitary, conforming)in every respect to the rigid re-auirpmPTitQ nf Ti Wealth Board andPure Food Act. This is quite a compliment to Mr; Benedetti and his associates. Mr. Benedetti informed a NEWSrepresentative Wednesday that hewas using pure spring water in themanufacture of his products andthat nothing but the best eateredinto anvthir he handled. He isusing from sixty to one hundred gal-7T'long of re sirilCMwtttr & W.beinr impIiI im aaaitary tanksre a Its striae mm Paria.(It T 'PERSONALSComings and Goings of SomeEnow and Othen YenDon.YonMiss Florence Boone, of Frankfort is visiting her sister, Mrs. W.R. Stipp, near Paris.Mrs. Robert Ferguson, of Newport, is visiting relatives and friends, in this city and county.Misses Viola and AnnabelleBrock, of Winchester, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. James McDonald.Harry Horrison is confined tohis home On Higgins avenue, suffering from an attack of summer flu.Mrs. Robert Hughes left Wednesday for a two-weeks' visit tofriends and relatives in Primrose,Lee county.Misses Elizabeth Howell andMary Nash Averill, of Frankfort,are visiting Miss Margaret Kenney,near Paris.Miss Genevieve Molloy, of Lexington, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Swift Champ, at their home onPleasant street.Mrs. Harry Stevenson and MissMay Stout, of Mt. Sterling, wereguests of friends and relatives inParis Tuesday.Mrs. Kate Ellett has returnedto her home in North Middletown,after a visit to her sisters, MissesBarkley, at Leesburg, Ky.The young folks of the Clintonville vicinity enjoyed a picnic on thebanks of Stoner Creek, near SpearsMill. About 102 were present.Misses Emma D. Warner andMary Katherine Greenwade have returned to their homes in Mt. Sterling, after a visit to friends in Paris.Ben Posner has returned fromCincinnati, where he was called bythe illness of his mother, Mrs. MaryPosner. Mrs. Posner is improvingnicely.Robt. M. Hopkins, of St. Louis,is a guest of Mrs. Hopkins, at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Helm Clay, on West Eighthstreet.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Alversonmoved their household goods thisweek to Harlan, Ky., where Mr. Alverson is conducting the Harlan Enterprise. -Virgil Chapman, assistant counsel for the Co-operative Burley Tobacco Marketing Association, was inVersailles, Tuesday on business related to the Association.George Young has returned tohis home in Owingsville, after avisit to his aunt, Mrs. Harry O.James, and Mr. James, at theirhome on Pleasant street.Mrs. Norman Hill, of Cincinnati, formerly Miss Elizabeth ClayAlexander, of Paris, was guest ofhonor at a dinner given at the Lexington Country Club by CharltonClay, of Paris.Miss Maude Caudill. DeputyCounty Clerk at Bowling Green, andMiss Imogene Caudill, of Frenchburg, are guests of Miss Inez Caudill, Secretary of the Bourbon County Red Cross Chapter.Mrs. Harold Brown, of Warsaw,Ky., who is attending the KentuckyUniversity Summer School, was aguest several days this week of Mr.and Mrs. J. Walter Payne, at theirhome on Pleasant street.Miss Mary Frances Campbellhas a guest at her home on Highstreet, Misses Nell Cafe, of Covington, and Nettie Farra, of Lancaster,who accompanied her home from arecent visit to relatives in Cincinnati. Mrs. Emmett Henry, of Seventhstreet, was called to Canton, Ohio,by a telegram announcing that aniece had been run over by an automobile and was not expected to live.Later advices, however, are that thechild has a chance to recover.' Mrs. L. I. Smith and daughters,of Birmingham, Ala., 'are guests atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Frank P.Kiser, on Houston avenue. Mrs.Fay Ardery entertained at her homeon the Lexington pike, yesterday,with six tables of bridge in honorof Mrs. Smith.Mrs. Everette Hopkins entertained at her home near LittleRock, this county, as a complimentto her attractive house guests,Misses Georgia and Ivatilla Cox, ofMt. Sterling. Several games ofrook were played and refreshmentswere served to thirty-two guests.Carlisle Mercury: "Mrs. StellaCrowe and children have returned toParis after a visit to Edward Freeland and family. .. .Mr. and Mrs.George Jones and Harry Jones, ofParis, were recent guests of Mr. andMrs. C. A. Pittman Miss RuthWoodward, of Paris, visited friendshere the past week. . . .Misses Mar-ftha Dudley and Elizabeth Holmesmotored to Paris, Monday afternoon,and accompanied Mr. -and Mrs.Evans McKinley for a short visitwith Rev. and Mrs. Arthur Fox andfamily."Hon and Mrs. James CampbellCantrin, wno are visiting in me. Bluegrass, were guests of honorTuesday at a dinner given at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, byMr. and Mrs. Reuben Ford Offutt.It was also the thirty-second anniversary of the hosts' marriage. Thedecorations were flowers and can.dies. Toasts vand good wishes wereexpressed, for Mr. and Mrs. Offutt,and Mr. and Mrs. CaD trill. Amongthe guests who attended were -Mr.Mrs. wm. iveaney rersuson, re-ceatly of Paris, the latter, a daugh-ter U the hosts. TXr. ,0utfrtmadMtttsfstssfc. xtriute to his bride of thirty-two yearsago.Mrs. F. E. Elder is visitingfriends and relatives near Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. J. Preston Brow,n,of Midway, are guests of Paris relatives. Mrs. George Myers, of Henderson, Ky., is visiting Mrs. John H.Ewalt, at her home in this city.Miss Lillie Daniel, of Lexington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Lena Parker, on Houston avenue.; Mr. and Mrs. I. D. ThompsonJr., are visiting the latter's parents,Dr. and Mrs. Perry, in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. Venard Owens andchildren, of Paris, were guests Tuesday of Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Owens,in Winchester.Miss Lilian Hough and MissEleanor Lytle will leave in themorning for Camp Daniel Boone, tospend several days.Lieut. Eugene Elder, who is stationed in the army service in NewJersey, will come to Paris nextmonth for a visit to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. F. S. Elder, before goingto Panama, where he has been transferred on special duty.Sam Houston, special community story writer for the LexingtonLeader, was a caller yesterday atTHE NEWS office. Mr. Houston 'admitted the prime object of his visitto Paris was to attend the ParisCynthiana baseball game at LeaguePark.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, whohave been residents of Millersburgfor the past twenty-five years, leftTuesday for Philadelphia, wherethey will make their home in the future. Paris people have a warmplace in their hearts for Col. andMrs. Best, and their best wishes forprosperity and happiness followthem to their new abode.(Other Personals on Page 3)oBIRTHSMr. and Mrs. Harvey Hunterare welcoming the arrival of a son,born at their home in this city Saturday. The young man has beennamed Harvey Hunter, Jr. Mrs.Hunter was before her mariage MissLucy Farrow, of Paris.A lovely little girl arrived inLexington, Monday, to gladden thehearts of the parents. Mr. and Mrs.Joseph G. Mitchell, formerly ofParis, Mr. Mitchell is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Newton Mitchell, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Crombie Kiserare welcoming the arrival of adaughter, born at their home nearJacksonville, this county. The little one has been christened AnnaElizabeth Kiser, for her grandmothers. Mrs. Kiser was formerly MissMinta Kuster, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Charles H. Kuster, of nearParis.WELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)THE FAIRDependable Merchandise Priced toConvince You That We Do SellAll of Our Goods Under the Market These Special Prices for Today and Court! Day, MondayNext.The following bargain items arebut examples of the hundreds youwill find here at all times:Iron Corn Stick Pans, WagnerBrand, all smoothly finished, specialeach 39 c.Mason Fruit Jars, 1-qt. size 79c,dozen.Six Aluminum Tea Spoons for14c.Steel Wool 10c package for 7c.Enamelled Dish Pans, 47c.Polish Mops, $1.25 size, at 98c.Palm Leaf Fans, large, 12-inchsize, satin finish, each 3 c.White and Black Shoe Polish, 10c.Twelve Safety Razor Blades, tofit Gillette Safety Razors, for 69c.Special prices on new goods justariving Ice Tea and Table Tumblers, Curtain Rods, Milk Pails andMilk Cans, Kitchen Mats and hundreds of other items especially priced for Court Day. .THE FAIRLadies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at$15, $18, $25, $29Worth double value. Colors:black,-brown, etc. It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros.Dept StoreCHAS. S. GOLDtTrNECarasjr Seventh sad Mala StreetsYOU STILL HAVE TIMETo Share in Our Bargain FeastBut don't waitOne Lot Men's SummerSuitsAt Less Than Half PriceS6.85-S8.85-S9.85One Lot of Men's SuitsThat Can Be Worn Any TimeS16.75Values to $35.00Florsheim Oxfords$8.85Every pair of Oxfords and Shoes hasbeen reduced for final clearance.The above represents just a few of what we offer you.Only a visit here will reveal how great your savings are.LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street:w0.J.NWe also call your attention to thebest spring madefUie WfastercrafrEither ofTflE J.EITHmmONE 3CMotor Hearsotoo long, because suchCan't Last Forever.Men'sWhiteWithBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveYou,housekeeperc,lmowthatirianxbed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofjifocratBed. Springs:vsuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place f or dustand lint.And such sleeping comfort!just naturally relax and drop ofSinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of thesesprings has juat reached usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.-CooyrlahUd Shannon Bed Spring Co.. Inc.. LoakrUla, Ky.these springs30 days trialT. HINTOJV CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYWtoter IwvMd,good ThingsAthletic Union Suits50cSizes 34 to 56Work Shirtsand Tan ShirtsButton-Down Collar75c95c-Boys' Suits, Shoes and Furnishingsradically reduced. A mighty goodtime to prepare for school days.P(iJSimsent onSIXTH AND MAMYou ssbssMh! rswimm$' "V -;-fc?f:Af-lxi. -v ' v"! J- hTi?-'41tfc ;'-r v pATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 4, ,1922 r.;"liflcigarettes107fay are GOOD!hKR BATHING SUIT GAVE WAY.1!k(New York Herald).More than 200,000 persons, thelargest crowd so far this year, went"to Coney Island recently, according"to an estimate made by Police Capt.John J. Hughes.Miss Shirley Lewis, a GreenwichVillage cartoonist, went out in aTowboat wearing a futuristic oilcloth bathing suit designed by Char-oltte Le Blang, a village sculptress.There was little enough of the bathing suit, and when no policemen"were near Miss Lewis rowed out ashort distance and poised for a diveor the benefit of photographers. Ajwave tipped the boat. Miss Lewisjerked pluckily backward and theoilcloth suit failed her miserably.She had a bathrobe with her, butseveral persons got their feet wetIn the excitement.o"Price' Advances In Shoes""headline. They usually sneak upTiarefooted.ECZEMA"Money back without questionHAUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIESKHunt's Salve and Soap),fail in"the treatment ofltch, Eczema,Kincwornj.Tetterorotheritch-inc skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.VAEDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.8PARIS, KY,fttgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFramk P. Kiser, PresidenttL X. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. Wj.Mitohell, CaahierJk. W. Yerkee, AM't CasUerDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921BBKxHTERaE:eveninosilust Historytu:i In 71; Tie Colonial DametuLs, bpun her clothiL By Candle flame.r In 1860 iI . In Crinoline bright, .She greeted her guests, 3y Coal Oil light jAnd later on,rf s How time does ptigvHtr homewaa litBj flickering Gas.k But the girl o to-dayWho wamti her host bright, J Jut presses a bitte: . Am& has Eectric lightL. ;..:rjfktBecfciee.it-xw IIHIUHHFARMERTRADERSBANK1 ,anc-ri" 9AIR MAIL TO-DAY AND TO-MOB-EOWv During the year just closed the airmail service of the Postoffice Department carried a million and a quarter pounds of mail, aggregatingforty-nine million letters, on thevarious laps between New York andSan Francisco. This body of mailwas carried with no grave accident,with no loss of life, with an .increaseover the previous year of "tripscompleted" of almost 10 per cent;92.5 per cent this year against 83per cent last year.The flying time between NewYork and San Francisco is at present three days. When a sufficientnumber of lighthouses are erected toguide night fliers, this time may becut in half; in other words, mail,via airplane, .between New Yorkand San Francisco, is now predictedto be as rapid as our present Chicago-NewYork mail, which averages a day and a half between posting and delivery.Congress has "starved" the airmail service to a large extent by afailure to provide money enough topermit the extension of the service.It is being freely predicted in official Washington circles that withthe showing the air-mail service hasjust made, it will be impossible foreven the most rabid economists inthe Capitol to continue much longer the "do-nothing" policy whichwhich prevents air mail routes frombeing extended, and its quick-serviceblessings given to the othergreat commercial centers of the nation. "COLD IN THE HEAD'is an acute attack of Isasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo.. Ohio.MODERN PYRAMIDSIt is difficult to find a subjectmuch less alluring than cold statis-tices-about safe deposit vaults. Apparently realizing this, says the Nation's Business, a Chicago bank hasjust issued a piece of unique publicity, in which a fancy fringe embroiders the dry facts. The idea isworth passing along to every business man who is interestedin newmeans of lightening and decoratingprosaic material.The fringe consists of an originaljingle . which sets- forth that thepyramids were the first safe depositvaults, being intended for the safekeeping of the monarch's mummy;but that in time a prying person"with a mental twist known as anarcheologist," dug up the mummy.It continues:If HarnessesLived in these days,He'd find that newAnd modern waysAre far betterThan anythingDevised by oldEgyptian kings, , .Of thieves and thugsHimself he'd rid,And never buildA pyramid.He'd rent a drawer,Without a fault, JIn a modern safeDeposit vault.Woffhv Of Afl Honnt.A tool is but the extension of a Ia.o imuu, mm u inacmne is out aeimplex tool. And he that invents amachine, augments the power and thewell-being of mankind. Henry WardBeech er.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' PILE OINTMENTFor Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.Fcr sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Pr?s , Cleveland, Ohio' For Sale ByOBERDORFER, THE DRUGGISTBanner Lyeisieasy to useNo other lye ispacked sosafely and conveniently, or is so economical nota bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfectsso easily and thoroughly as Banner Lve. Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever known- Use It for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, t or softeniag water, and the laborof washing and deanag will be cut in half.Makes pure soapand saves aoney besides. " A can ofBrntmerLve. S rounds of kitefun vmiuUrn iaotes. easy work (no botttee; or UrgekertaBdjoulunre lOpotndstf best hardVMWH JVSOOOiaiHniMBmllistigrynffoimiMiiWfinwiuiinintfM,VITAMINE SECRETSOUGHT IN CORNExperiments With Growing Grainindicate Chlorophyll Is Necessary to Production.GOD LIVER IS RICHEST SOURCEExperts Recommend Cod Liver Oil asPart of Daily Diet of Infants, Because of Its Power to Prevent and Cure Rickets.New York. The analysis of corn inthe seed and at various stages ofgrowth, in the course of experimentsby Dr. Benjamin Harrow and othersat the College of Physicians and Surgeons, has indicated that the vitamines are either produced by the sunas chlorophyll or that the productionof vitamines depends on chlorophyll."The seed corn does not gain in itsvitamine content when it sprouts," hesaid. "The vitamines seem to be thesame in number. But as it shoots upand begins to turn green, the vitaminesincrease rapidly."So far it is believed that vitamines of all types are produced originally by plants alone, and are not tobe found in soil or non-organic compounds or in living things except asthe result of vegetable food which contains them. This is hard to reconcilewith the fact that the greatest knownconcentration of vitamines is in theliver of the cod which lives on anexclusive fish diet. Clams and othersea animals on which the cod' lives,however, probably obtain from seavegetation the vitamines which theypass on to the cod. Much of this vegetation, however, receives little or no'sunlight on account of its depth, sothat the different types of vitaminesmay be originated in different methods. While cod-liver oil Is the richest ofall things in Vitamine A and is recommended by Doctor Harrow and hisassociates as a part of the daily dietof infants, because of its power toprevent and cure rickets, Doctor Harrow, Dr. Alfred F. Hess and otherworkers on this subject are doubtfulwhether it is the vitamine which curesthe rickets.Cause of Rickets Obscure."The doubt is due to the fact thatrickets occurs among Infants on a widevariation of diets, including many dietswell supplied with Vitamine A," hesaid. "It has also been shown thatthe disease is caused by some disturbance in the proportion of calcium andphosphorous in the food of the infants.These are the two principal bone-makers and there is a shortage of phosphorus in the case of a child withrickets. The sunlight seems to produce this phosphorus. Cod-liver oil invariably restores the balance andcures the disease. But it is very likely that there is some other factor inthe cod-liver oil rather than VitamineA, which does this. In our laboratoryand in many others researches are being made to identify this agent in codliver oil. There are various substancesin the oil which are little understoodat present. It may prove to be Vita'mine A or a new vitamine, but it maybe something of another nature."On the other hand, it is knownthat cod-liver oil is a perfect specificagainst rickets, which is unfortunately a very prevalent disease. Orangejuice is given to infants as part oftheir daily diet for the prevention ofscurvy, and cod-liver oil should begiven to every infant in the sameway. It is unpleasant to adults, butinfants become exceedingly fond ofit"Dr. Casimir Funk, who discoveredthe vitamines, denied that there wasany advantage in a large consumptionof vitamines, and said that the publicwas not benefited by the propagandato sell certain foods on the groundsthat they were rich in these factors."Man cannot live without a minimum supply, but the average American gets plenty of all types in theaverage diet," he said.$100,000 Would Eliminate It.On the value of cod-liver oil againstrickets, Doctor Hess wrote:'tThere are approximately 125,000children in New York city between theages of three and fifteen months, theperiod of greatest susceptibility torickets. If we estimate generouslythat the families of one-third to onequarter of these children are unableto purchase cod-liver oil,s and if weagree that the development of ricketsmay be prevented by giving a teaspoonful three times a day, then at thepresent cost rickets could be practically abolished in this city by the expenditure- of about $100,000 a yearThis is but one of many instances inwhich the community does not get thefull benefit of our medical knowledge."Trolley Car Cuts Snake.Tamaqua, Pa. While a bunch oibananas was being unloaded from atruck in front of Schmauch & Peipher'sgrocery store on West Broad street,here, a snake uncurled itself from thestalk, crawled down over the driver'sback and started to cross the thoroughfare, only to be caught under thewheels of a trolley car and cut in half.The .snake was of the Southern diamond species, almost five feet inlength. It is supposed to have beendormant, owinto ' tie cool weatherand was arowed by the beat of theJlh,TO AID SHIPS AT SEAMarconi Announces the inventionof a Radio Searchlight.Famous Italian Wireless Wizard Explains New Device Which He Predicts Will Rid Sea of Muchof Its Terrors.New York. Senator Guglielmo Marconi, wonder man of wireless, announced the Invention of what mightbe termed a radio searchlight, bymeans of which radio waves, whichcan be reflected like light waves, maybe sent in a given direction in a beaminstead of being scattered to all pointsof the' compass.The famous Italian said he believedthis invention could be utilized in sucha manner as to rid the sea of some ofits terrors, for with a revolving reflector the transmitter would'constitutea radio lighthouse, capable of flashingguiding beams nearly a hundred miles.Addressing a joint meeting of theInstitute of Radio Engineers andthe American Institute of ElectricalEngineers on his latest discoveries, theinventor said of the proposed radiolighthouse :"By means of the revolving beamof; electrical radiation it is possiblefor ships when within a certain distance to ascertain in thick weatherthe bearing and position of the lighthouse. "It seems to me that it should bepossible to design apparatus by meansof which a ship could radiate or project a divergent beam of the shortwave rays in any desired direction,which rays, if coming across a metallic object, such as another steamer,would be reflected back to a receiveron the sending ship and thereby immediately reveal the presence andbearing of the other ship in fog orthick weather."Marconi's radio searchlight bearslittle resemblance to the battleshipsearchlight. It is rather a special arrangement of wires on towers ormasts.During his lecture Marconi exhibitedpictures of reflectors resembling theweird apparatus pictured In imaginarytales of the conquest of the world byMartians. Through the use of thesereflectors at both ends, clear speechwas exchanged during experimentsover a distance of ninety-nine miles,he announced.81 YEARS YOUNGYs , yr-sassaSSfef v ' ' ' ';.''' 'i4'i 'ZJ-W.x -. i'$&''-.-. ?i!?,' Vt'$ 'iEft Q&1When the firm that J. F. Edgeworth,age eighty-one, was working for triedto retire him on an old age pension atthe age of seventy-one, they did notmeet with much success. Instead, Mr.Edgeworth feeling that he was just inthe prime of life and still a starsalesman, decided that he would startselling on his own account. And nowat the age of eighty-one, he finds thathe has built up a lucrative businessin selling photograph supplies.Jimmy," as he is known to all hiscustomers, is one of the ,spriest salesmen in Chicago, and says that he cannot see any retirement in sight forhimself for a great many years.Bachelor Hotel to Be Built in Chicago.Chicago. A 20-story, 750-roombachelor hotel, to cost $4,000,000, willbe built in Chicago and opened nextspring by New -York City interests,says a recerit announcement. Work,will be begun on the building withina month.Bees Latest Violatorsof the Prohibition LawBee bootleggers that manufacture alcohol-flavored honeyare the latest violators of theVolstead act in Clatsop county,Oregon. County AgriculturalAgent McMindes asserts thatsince so many stills have beenoperated in the county, quantities of fermented mash havebeen dumped in isolated spotsand bees feed on the mash. Asa result -the contents of some ofthe hivea are thighlj favored;accordiftf to the county agent. 'Ssc '. " 'X . .'.. sr?,' i:?2&L vX v,BHm'. . . : u' v s lC-w " i TemmK?cvz j-mr;-taftx.:-s ....... viBniiBy .: -r--2. t -o. mmr,?' ft;i rv iBIK? ' c-irm1Hi mm MWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed(tf)MIIIIIIIIHIilllUHUHimiMMHIIIIlllllllMIMGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 29BHKHMIIIIIIlHHHItlllHllllimillillHIIIIThe Quickest WaySave time and energy during, the warm weatherby installing a HOME TELEPHONE in your residence. Just remove the receiver from the hookand you will find our courteous operators at yourservice.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedvisMMMKm.,t, !!We HandleElectricaliElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllIKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes? and Prices. Gas Logs rand GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETIIIIMimilllllllMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIM5FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYMenWantedThis Company will hire experienced shoporaft mechanics and shop laborers and furnishthem work at rates prescribed by the UnitedStates Railroad Labor Board, beginning at once.Apply to W. E. Hunter, Master Mechanic,Covington, Ky., orE. H. Gorey, General Foreman, Paris, Ky.Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co.Bourbon News Advertiser GttResdtMHtHW)fHWIIHK'All Kinds ofNoveltiesOPP. COURT HOUSEOf"f$vvfeoKITOIBAY, AUGUST 4, 122THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAG SIl-mmJ1GIRL NOW WELLAND STRONGDaifker Took Lydio E. Piatham's Vcf etable Coapondas Motker AdvisedWauseon, Ohio. "My daughter alwaya had backache and leg-ache at cer-uunpenoasanacouianot be on her feet atthose times. We readabout Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound d o in ggirls so much goodso she began to takeit That is two yearsago and she is a different girl since thenable to do any workshe wants to do although she is stillcareful not to do heavy work and sowell and strong. We recommend LydiaE. Pirikham's Vegetable Compound toall mothers with ailing daughters, and Igive you permission to publish this letter as a testimonial. " Mrs. A.M.BURKholder, Route No. 2, Box l,Wauseon,Ohio.Something out of balance will affect-the finest clock, causing it to gain orlose. The proper adjustment made, allIs well. So it is with women. Sometrouble may upset you completely.Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will correct the cause of the trouble and disagreeable symptoms willdisappear as they did in the case of Mrs.Burkholder's daughter.Mothers it is worthy of your confidence. STAKES FOR KENTUCKY RACESANNOUNCEDThe stakes for the autumn meetings of the Kentucky Jockey Club,to be held at Louisville, Lexingtonand Latonia have been announced.Entries for the various stakes closeon Saturday, August 5.The Jockey Club will give away? 7 7,5 00 in added purses to thelorsemen at the three meetings.The big stakes that will provide thelargest purses for the owners ofthoroughbreds to shoot at are theKentucky Jockey Club Stakes, fortwo-year-olds, worth $10,000, to berun at Churchill Downs; the Breeders Futurity, worth 5,000, fortwo-year-olds to be run at Lexington; the Queen City Handicap,worth $10,000, for two-year-olds,and the Latonia Championship,worth $15,000, for three-year-olds,to be run at Latonia.The Latonia Championship Stakeswill bring together the cream of thethree-year-olds in the country at atime when they have all reachedtheir best form.The entries for these stakes areclosed as the horses have to be nominated in their first year. Thestakes are worth $15,000. the largest to be given horsemen in anyevent in the autumn racing seasonin Kentucky.The Kentucky Jockey Club Stakesfor two-year-olds will be a featureof the meeting at Churchill Downs.It is worth $10,000 and will findthe youngsters traveling over themile route. Two other' stakes willbe contested for at the meetingin Lexington. They are the Goldenrod Handicap for older horses. Theyare worth $5,000 each. The youngsters will go seven furlongs in theirevent, while the older animals willmeet over the mile and an eighthToute.Lexington's biggest race will bethe Breeders' Futurity. It is overthe regulation futurity coursewhich is 120 feet short of six furlongs. The stake is worth $5,000and a large band of racers has"been nominated.Seven moneyed events are downfor decision at Latonia. The Latonia Champiomship and the QueenCity Handicap lead the list. However, the Latonia Cup Handicap forolder horses and over the two andone-quarter miles route is worth$7,500 and is sure to draw a largefield. The Covington Handicap ata mile and three sixteenths is another event worth $5,000 that iseertain to be an attraction. TheFort Thomas Autumn and LatoniaHandicap are each worth $5,000.Large numbers of entries forthese events have been received.In India about 600,000 acres aredevoted to the growing of indigo.Dr.VfaddcirsPile RemedyriWt Saff er-LWt be Operateda ym Hacre txiaa if. waoaeumUj. AJMoJuttAjhtrmU Gam.la gfraj..abolal ! fkw orFaaM. $L50pw-MmtHr millflBflifliflroEESC&s Vifllc write vs.W UfaHBWHBBillLIQUID AIR FOR CRACKINGNUTS(Science Service)Liquid air for cracking nuts isthe latest application of science.Experts of the National Bureau ofStandards were appealed to for ametnod of breaking the shells of thechicha nuts, without damaging thekernels. They found that it took aweight of nearly a ton to crack thenuts, and that after that effort themeat of the nut was broken in manysmall pieces.Then they applied liquid air tothe problem. They did not freezesolid a piece of rubber and use itfor a hammer, as is done in theclassic stunt of physics, but theysimply immersed the nuts in liquidair for thirty seconds and cracked'them easily, without damaging thekernels. Now the physicists are trying to find out whether this methodcan be applied commercially on alarge scale.Chicha nuts are grown in SouthAmerica. Their dense strong shellswere used during the war to makecharcoal for gas masks, and the oilfrom the kernels is a valuable food,similar to copia.oDEBATERS GOING TO FRANCE(New York World)A European trip involving a series of debates with universities inGreat Britain and on the Continenthas been arranged for this summerby the New York University debating team. The first debate will bewith the University of Edinburghlate in June. There will also be adebate with the University of Paris.In this debate the New York University students will open the debate in French and the French debater will speak in English. Speaking in rebuttal, each team will useits own language, and an interpreter'will translate.The subject to be debated will be:"Resolved, That the Allied WarDebt to the United States Should BeCancelled." The New York University debaters will be prepared totake either side of the question,leaving the choice to their opponents. oAN AWFUL TIMEThe Middletown (Md.) Registerdeclares that with so many radiooutfits springing up in Baltimore,funny things are happening. "Somesensitive persons," says the Register, "are having an awful time getting to sleep because of the bedtimestories catching on the springs oftheir beds. A row of iron dish ragsat a five and ten cent store frightened the lady clerk out of a week's appetite by giving a lecture on careless husbands. Another lady, whoseboy is installing a radio outfit, wastaking to a neighbor with a potatomasher in her hand, when all of asudden the masher joined in theconversation. Both ladies faintedand the potato masher quit 'aftergiving the weather report, the baseball scores and singing a song."oSINCE WE GOT THE BAY-DE-0Home's not what it used to be.Gosherino! Nosiree.Every day an' night an' morninMother, Brother, Uncle HarminAll the hull dern famileeListens to the jamboree.Since we got the Ttay-de-oMother lets the cookin' go.Gee! Can't blame her, GHY'sShootin' music through the skies,With the head band 'on her earsSister sits and turns the gears.Paw has fixed a riggin so'sHe can listen doin' cho's.Milks the cow by Ray-de-oWhen he doesn't let it go.Farm life surely ain't the sameSince we got this patient game.L. W. Bush in Farm Life.A PLANT THAT SNEEZES(Le Petit Parisian, -Paris)The recent discovery of a coughing plant has been reported. TheVulgarisation Scientifique mentionsstill another species which sneezes.The former grows in certain tropical countries and bears a bean-likefruit. It appears to have a decideddistaste for dust, and when a littleis placed on one of its leaves therespiratory organs of the, plant inflate and the dust is expelled witha curious noise, for all the worldlike a child with the -whoopingcough.We are not told the name of eitherplant and doubtless they are closelyrelated, if not identical.Mountain of Sulphur.By looking on a map of the SouthEtas, one can find the New Hebrides,about 900 miles east of Queensland.Australia, and southeast of the Solomons. At the north end of the groupIs an island called Yanua Lava. Thisisland is a mountain, a big one, 1,600f tot high and covering an area 100square mlLss. But the rscaarkablstalac afcaut it U that it Is CMraMd1 wlMUy. f.sttlphur otalsclikt. it.kiSIT IN JUDGMENTON 2-CENT PIECEBritish Law Lords Give GraveConsideration to Appealof Scotsman.WINS A FAVORABLE DECISIONMay Sue Traction Company, WhoseConductor Refused to Accept Battered Coin Offered inPayment of Fare.London. The five law lords, constituting the house of lords, in sessionas the supreme court of appeals, sataround in solemn semicircle. LordHaldane sat in the place of lord chancellor upon the woolsack, with thethrone itself behind him. Lord Finlay and Lord Cave sat upon his right,Lord Dunedin and Lord Wrenburyupon his left. In the magnificentchamber, its red benches nearly emptyexcept for a group of lawyers andofficials near the entrance, the fivelaw lords, in grave tones befittingtheir high function, read out theirlearned judgments one by one. Notable documents these, in which the fiveconcurred in one decision, aboundingin such portentous words as torts,malfeasances, condescendences and thelike.Clearly a landmark this, in the history of the development of the lawof England. What grave matter wasthus engaging the earnest consideration of the noble and learned lords?Surely nothing less than the fate ofsome great township, or the destiny ofsome estate of millions?My noble and learned lords, in pointof fact, were talking about a pennya two-cent piece. It sounds bettertranslated into American currency.My Lord Finlay seems to think something the same himself, for throughout his judgment he referred to it notas a "penny," but as a "penny piece,"or "a coin." Need it be said whosepenny it was; that had been carriedup all the various steps of the law intothe house of lords? It was a Scotsman's penny.Conductor Refuses Penny.Almost two years ago one JohnPercy climbed upon a street car in thecity of Glasgow. He tendered to theconductor of the car in payment of hisfare a penny which was slightlymarked and indented. It was, in fact,a penny which John Percy had himself received earlier in the day fromanother conductor, and he determinedto return it in the way by which ithad come to him. The conductor, however, did not like the looks of thepenny, and demanded another in itsplace. John Percy said it was" goodenough and refused to give another.An inspector was called to reinforcethe conductor, and still John Percy refused. Finally he was marched off to thepolice station on a charge of refusingto pay his fare. He was kept thereonly ten minutes, but this was longenough to fire him with-determinationto 'see justice done between himselfand the Glasgow corporation, whichowns the street cars.John Percy then commenced an action against the corporation for $25,000 damages on the ground that theactions of the conductor and inspectorhad been injurious to his feelings andhis reputation. He lost the first roundof his fight in Scotland when the courtof session dismissed his claim, on theground that the corporation was notresponsible for these actions of itsemployees.Ons "Bonnis" Fifhttr.But John Percy is evidently whatthey call in Scotland a "bonnle fighter," and he carried his casa tip' to thehouse of lords. He did not pay hisrailroad fare to Loadon fax the purpose, nor is he being put to any expense in the costly process of 'suingbefore the highest court of appeal. Hehas taken advantage of the legal provision which permits a poor personto set the law in notion at the state'scharge if he sues in forma pauperis.And now the house of lords has decided in his favor.Whether John Percy's penny reallywas good or no better than it shouldbe is still not decided. What the lawlords have ruled is that the corporation can be sued upon a mistake madeby the conductor and inspector. Thatis enough for'' John Percy. It mayoe added, as a matter of historical interest, that of the five law lords whoupheld John Percy in his fight for histwo cents three are Scotsmen.Warre B. Wells in New York Tribune.KILLED IN FIGHT WITH BEARAged Man Is Slain and Partly Devoured by Grizzly After TerrificBattle Near Yellowstone Park.Livingston, Mont. Yellowstone parkrangers are trailing a huge grizzlybear that recently killed and partlydevoured Joseph Duret, sixty, an oldtime Montana trapper. Duret's bodywas found on Slough creek, near thepark, with an arm and a leg partlychewed off. Signs indicated the bearhad been rcaught in one of Duret'straps, but had broken loose when thetrapper came by on his rounds.Horace M. Albright, superintendentof the park, said there were evidencesof a terrific battle, and a rifle, clawedand chewed, was found near thebroken trap. One shot had been' firedtnm the rifle and a bloody trail'hawed that -the man had crept a'atUcJMORE FOREIGN WHITESCensus Bureau Figures Show In' crease of 13 Per Cent.Count in 1920 Showed 36,398,658 Foreign White Stock in the UnitedSUtet, including 13,712,754 WhoCams as Immigrant.Washington, D. 0. The Departmentof Commerce announces that accordingto the census of 1920 the total foreignwhite stock in the United States onJanuary l of that year was 36,898,958.By "foreign white stock" is meant thetotal foreign born white populationplus the native white population having one or both parents foreign born.The corresponding total for 1910 was22,243,382. The increase of the foreign white stock between 1910 and 1920was, therefore, 4,155,576, or 12.9 percent.The total for 1920 includes 13,712,754 who were foreign born and cameto this country as immigrants, and22,686,204 who were born in this country, but whose parents, one or both,were immigrants.The classification of the foreignwhite stock by country of origin isbased upon the prewar map of Europe, partly because of the difficulty ofadjusting the returns in regard to thebirthplace of parents so as to agreewith the changed boundaries of European countries and partly in orderthat comparisons might be made withthe figures of previous census, takenin 1910. The names of the severalcountries, therefore, indicate the territory embraced within these countries before the war.The total foreign white stock fromeach of the principal countries oforigin was as follows: Germany.7,259,997; Ireland, 4,136,395; Russia,3,871,123; Italy, 3,336,945; Austria,3,129,796; Canada, 2,603,828; England,2,307,112; Sweden, 1,457,382; Hungary, 1,110,905; Norway, 1,023,225.Of the 7,259,997 persons of foreignstock whose country of origin wasGermany, 1,915,867 were immigrantswhose fathers were born in prewarGermany and 5,344,130 were nativesof the United States whose parentswere immigrants born In prewar Germany. These two groups may be designated, respectively, as the first andsecond generation from Germany. Notall of them are German by race orstock, as the classification is determined by place of birth without regardto racial stock.The members in the first and secondgenerations from some of the principalcountries of Europe were as follows:Germany, 1,915,867, first generation,and 5,344,130 second generation; Ireland 1,164,707 and '2,971,688; Russia2,020,660 and 1,850,463 ; Italy, 1,615,184and 1,721,761; Austria, 1,445,141 and1,684,655; Canada, 861,450 ai.d 1,742,378; England, 824,088 and l,483,02i;Sweden, 632,656 and 824,726; Hungary598,170 and 512,735; Norway, 362,051and 661,174.THREE OF A KINDShould parents of triplets pass thehat or the cigars? That Is the problem bothering Mr. and Mrs. Al Kaufman of Washington D. C. Here is theproud papa with his three children, allof whom are doing nicely, despite thfact they were born some two monthsprematurely. Hospital authorities sajhthe youngsters are exceptional!healthy and well developed for tripletsof whom two are girls and one a boy.the aggregate weights being 14 pound!and 1 ounce.HANGED IN 1877, 1IVES YE1ExBandit Now Wants to Stand Triafor Robbery Committed inMissouri.Tacoma, Wash. Forty-five years aga posse in Missouri captured a desperaie bandit, upon whose head a pricwas set. The bandit was duly hangecto a Cottonwood tree near Joplin, Mo.July 12, 1877. The posse disperseand a woman, whom the bandit hacbefriended, cut him down and he recovered from the ordeal.This is the story told by an agecresident of Tacoma, who has writteito a newspaper here to learn if ,he caistill be tried for. robberies "in whiclmen were killed.""HiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiFind Bones Believed toBe Those of BoccaccioFlorence, Italy. Bones believed to be those of GiovanniBoccaccio, the great ItalianFourteenth century novelist andpoet, have been found in the ihouse at Certaldo in which helived. The bones were solemnly iremoved to Florence by a well- aknown archeolofist, accoot- ipanied by various Baccaccio admirers.sIIr?yJmftire imt3znrsAL cah-Yen Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES Because iYou are Guaranteed Factory Prices- You Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTORParis,Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4M.MBii J&.BafiH3EBTC1 1 ImmTa&f&teJSSEB)': r Irasa "aJtf mI J. JW- -Oi ...--,J,. .1 iM i3V nn., .'!i7i 'vTZrmThe Bourbon LaundryParis,X!SX5SVIxz.LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGIN-the judgment ofthoie who know,we are equipped byonr experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.Two - Year - Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July ISSecond Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTS-TfT-i im"vCOMPANYKentucky5b"MWest Fifh Streeti SATISFACTIONgP OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliances 'and expert helpers we are 2nrpriflrpn tn tr Ti7n-nb- Tit-Fa-rior to none, and solicit x'your patronage.KentuckyX;-W'jf XSfe.mU-m.mmmmll2W!tMrmMv-tVCJta,XvXS j- rWj-PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY AUGUST 4, 1111i ift"1 3- Wv J&F&-'- .-WLLERSBURG.hikctitiiig Hews Items Prom Bourbon Comity's College Townw -.(Miss Atta W. Mann is now theduly authorized corespondent and-representative of THE NEWS inMillersburg and vicinity. News itemsor business matters entrusted to herwill receive careful and prompt attention. THE NEWS respectfullysolicits the co-operation of the people of Millersburg with Miss Manntin this respect.)Mrs. Pasley Evans is the guestof relatives in Paris this week.Mrs. J. D. Redd, of HarrodsTmrg, is the guest of friends here.Carlton Ball, left Monday for avisit with relatives in St. Louis, Mo.Lee Clarke, of Louisville, is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas.'Clarke.Mrs. Bessie Caldwell, of Bour"bon county, is visiting her son, Mr.Prank Caldwell.Rev. W. W. Morton, Mrs. Morton and sons are visiting relatives-in-Cedarville, Ohio.Miss Ethel Wallingford, of Mason county, is the guest of Mrs. B.W. Wood and family.Mrs. Julian Allen will be hostessthis (Friday) afternon to theBridge Club at her home on iMain-street.Union services will be held in-the Presbyterian church Sundayevening, conducted by the Rev. G-."W. Nutter.Jesse Cumbers and family have"--moved into the flat of Mrs. C. W.Carington recently vacated by J. B.""Cray and family.T. W. Current was appointed""Secretary and Treasurer of the Bible"School of the Christian church tosucceed J. B. Cray.The Bracken Association, including twenty-eight counties, convened here Wednesday and Thursday at the' Baptist church.SPEARS MILLSJessie Sanders and son, Wilson,visited friends Sunday in Jeffersonville, Montgomery county.Mrs. Tom Day, of Jackstown,spent Sunday at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. Virgil Harney.Mr. and Mrs. Luther Myers andfamily were guests of Mr. and Mrs.Quince Hinkson, Sunday afternoon.Miss Mabel Wilson, of Mt. Sterling, arrived Sunday to spend theweek with her brother, Mr. TomWilson.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Hudnallwere visitors Sunday at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Willam Clough andfamily, near Cane Ridge.Charlie Bank Myers and familyand Miss Gladys Hinkson spent Sunday at the home of Mr. Myers,, father of Mrs. McCloud, near WinChester.The Spears mill baseball teamwas defeated by the North Middletown team last Thursday by thescore of 5 to 4. Claypool, Bivins.Roberts and Jones were batteriesfor Middletown, while Rainey andWagoner took care of the hometeam. Willie Hudnall, of the hometeam, got two home runs off theMiddletown pitcher. We are sorry tostate that the church team hasbroken up, and unless the boys getget together we will be without aball team.AlsAMOn!(OPERA HOUSE j I . I2:00 to5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN lie, War Tax Inc.FRIDAY Double Feature Day FRIDAYII BMfeBaiB a H ' BPfewill Kutatica in "A roor rceianonSee "A POOR RELATION." and learn how to grin on an empty stomach and how to face the world in rags and still be poor as a king.See Will Rogers, the screen's most lovable actor in a role that touches the heart. AlsoVIOLA DANA " "Match Breaker"A comedy drama of an anti-vamp's career. Where a naive flapper outwits a worldly widow. A program full of fun, the kind that makesyou forget your troubles Don't miss it.REAL ESTATE DEALSMr. A. Benedetti, senior memberof the Benedetti Co., of Paris, hasleased the McClintock bungalow, onPinecrest avenue, and has moved" tothe property to reside.' Through the real estate agency ofHarris, Speakes & Harris the Kentonheirs sold publicly Tuesday afternoon the one-story three-room framecottage located on Lilleston avenue,to John Richards, of Paris, for $1,715. F. S. Elder is erecting a modernsix-room bungalow on his lot on Lilleston avenue, the Mansfield & Jeff-Mrs. Hollis Dalzell and children ' erson Lumber Co. having the con--and Mrs. Thomas Hamilton, of tract. Mr. Elder and family willJackstown, were guests Wednesday , move into the new home when com--of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stewart.SaturdayA BENJ. B. HAMPTON PRODUCTIONZANE GREY'S POPULAR STORYSaturday"THE MYSTERIOUS RIDER"withROBERTMcKIMIIIf you love action, romance and adventure, you will love "The Mysterious -Rider" of Zane Grey's story. It is a drama that will hold youspell-bound, hn which a single thread of love woven into a mighty band of devotion. A story of smiles and tears, of clouds and sunshine.ALSO PATHE REVIEW AND CENTURY COMEDY, "NO BRAINS."MONDAY- FIRST NATIONAL PRODUCTION, -MONDAYCONSTANCE TALMAGE "Mamma's Affair"Here's little Connie, poor kid, enaged to a boob, for she did what mama said she must; but she quickly got busy, and tried out the feminine trick Would it work? Would it win in the nick of time, as it used to for Eve, Cleopatra and Lizzie? Better-take a look at "Mama'sAffair." Something nervy for Connie Talmadge. It's different.ALSO PATHE REVIEW AND CENTURY COMEDY, "SIC 'EM BROWNIE," FEATURING BEOWNIE, THE WONDEE DOG.Tom Brown has assumed the-duties of Postmaster In the Millersburg office. Miss Hattie WooNd willretain her position as assistant.pleted.Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J. Santenare. having plans made for the erec-tion of a handsome bungalow on thej lot they recently purchased on Houston avenue, adjoining the home ofThe Hurst Home Insurance Mr- and Mrs- Custis Talbott. The1 Company held their annual meeting ' new home, which will be of brick,here Wednesday. Dinner was served i and modern in every detail, will be.in the dinine- rnnm nf tho Mill ore. occupied by Mr. and Mrs. SantenMATRIMONIALA Eecord of Dan Cupid's Doings AaThe Days Go ByA marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, Wednesday, to MissThelma Payne, of P aris, and Warren Cobb, of Winchester. Mr. Cobbis a son of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Cobb,of Winchester, and his prospectivebride' is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.James W. Payne, of Scott avenue.SLIGHTLY JNJUBED?During the heavy windstormwhich prevailed for a short timeTuesday night, Richard Tucker, sonMr. and Mrs. J. T. Tucker,had a wrestling match with his autoin endeavoring to crank the machine. The apparatus would not respond, and the crank slipped, throwing young Tucker against the frontspring of the car, cutting a deepgash in his head. He was givenmedical attention.XALAPA ENTEY DEFEATEDburg College.when completed.Rev. W. O. Shewmaker. Ph. D."Dastor of the First Presbvterian COLLYER WINS VICTOEY IN NOT-church, Columbia, Mc, was theguest this week of Dr. W. G. Daileyand Mrs. Dailey.ED CASETHE NEWS yesterday receivedthe following special news telegramMr. and Mrs. J. B. Cray and j from the Collyer News Bureau, atdaughter, Mrs. J. C. Leer, and chil-j Chicago, affecting a litigation indren, left this week for Etowah, which Paris people are interested:Tenn., to reside. Mr. Cray has beenPostmaster of Millersburg for eight. years.TAX NOTICE.' THE BOUEBON COUNTY TAX'"COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE, AT THE' COTJET HOUSE, IS NOW OPEN FOETHE TEANSACTION OF BUSINESS.ALL TAXPAYEES AEE ASKED TO"CALL EAELY AND LIST THEIEPROPERTY FOE TAXATION.BEN W00DF0ED, JE.,July 21-tf ) Tax Commissioner.! If oyu feel half sick, tired andworn out all the time it is nature's-warning. Avoid a breakdown bytaking Tanlac. Tanlac is sold by--all good druggists. (adv)"Chicago, 111., Aug. 3, 1922.BOURBON NEWS, Paris: Ky:"Attorneys Huggins and Oldham,representing Bert E. Collyer, to-dayobtained a signal victory when JudgeBurgewin, sitting in chambers, atLouisville, Ky., reversed the verdictof the jury in his court, and ordereda new trial in the now famoussuit. The caselheperi,erSHRDLU R'Dick' Williams-Bert Collyer libelsuit. The case, which came up inMay, when a verdict of guilty,thirty days in jail and a fine of $15,000 was imposed, attracted nationwide attention."COLLYER'S NEWS BUREAU."Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, is in dangerof acpuiring the title of "the marrying pastor." At his home last Monday afternoon Rev. Ellis performedthe marriage ceremony for threeyoung couples in about two hours.At 1:30 o'clock, ' the first couple,Miss Ethel Tucker and Mr. HowerdDavis, both of Grant county, appeared on the scene and were madeone. At two o'clock, just one-halfhour later, the second couple, MissViola Stewart and Mr. SterlingKing, both of North Middletown,secured Mr. Ellis' aid and were sentout on the journey to happiness.At three o'clock, by this time getting in good swing for the trying(or tying) ordeal, Rev. Ellis wassurprised by the abrupt appearanceof a third couple Miss Betty McCannPerry, of Richmond, and Mr. IraDrake Thompson, Jr., of Paris, whowere given a helping hand in starting on their matrimonial voyage."The average maple tree yieldsenough sap to produce between fiveand ten-pounds of sugar.fIn&&mjjg PASSBOOK IffvVProsperityandHappiness.If a man starts in life without money he must workmust workand earn before he can have any money.But his earning power will never help him to getahead unless he SAVES A PART of what he makes.Save money before your Earning Power is GONE.WE WILL WELCOME YOUR ACCOUNT.Peoples Deposit Batik & Triut Co.MATTOX MATTOXMiss Mattie May Mattox, daughter of Alonzo Mattox, and Mr. Walter Mattox, son of Mark Mattox. allof Millersburg, were married in Cyn-thiana at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. Carey F. Moore, pastor of the Presbyterian church.Mrs! Ernest Martin, of Paris, isvisiting her aunt, Mrs. James T.Bonta, in Danville, and attendingthe Peryville Fair.Capt. and Mrs. Richard H.Wills, of Paris, are visiting Mr. andMrs. E. S. Wills, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Birdie Clay Webb, of Paris,is visiting her aunt, Mrs. Nannie K.Lebus, in Cynthiana.Friends and relatives of the'groom in this city have received invitations, worded as follows:"Mr. Theodore Prospere Artaudrequests the honor of your presenceat the marriage of his wardThelma Christine Crowe,andMr. James William Walleron Wednesday evening, the sixteenth" of Augustone thousand nine hundred andtwenty-twoat seven-thirty o'clockSt. John's Episcopal Church,in the City of Washington.""At Homeafter October the first,Northbrook Courts3426 Sixteenth Street."The prospective groom is a nativeof Paris, son of the late J. W. Waller, his mother, Mrs. Margaret Ferguson Waller, deceased, having married Dr. W. C. Ussery, of Paris, several years after the death of Mr.Waller. He is a fine young businessman, related to several of the mostprominent families in Bourboncounty.John, Paul Jones, property of Edward F. Simms, from the XalapaFarm, at Paris, was defeated in theOklahoma Purse race at SaratogaWednesday afternoon, by T. J. Pendergast's Parader, in a thrillingstretch duel. Parader and JohnPaul Jones ran neck and neck for afull eighth of a mile, Parader winnig at the wire by a muzzle's length.The mile was run in the exceptionally fast time of 1:37 1-5.Italy has not a single coal minein all her territory.SQUARE, SINCERE SERVICELEE TIRESCORDPUNCTURE PROOFFABRICALL SIZESTHE KENNEY MOTOR GO.SQUARE, SINCERE SERVICErIt has been, stated that the taxpayers of Kentucky will save thesum of $25,000 in the Congressionalprimaries to be held to-morrow&byvirtue of the lack of oppositio inseveral v districts. It the economybegun at homewcould be carriwj intact to. Washington, it would, to recall tlit 4ialocut of tke walrus. a4r " "-v vk&-JOn Sale This Week inAMAZINGSHOEVALUESGreat Money-Savng5&&W-weGreat stocks of this season's newest styles most desirable footwear at reductions from 20 per cent to 40 per cent.The savings are almost unbelievable not until you see them will you be convinced that they do exist here. REMEMBER ONLY RELIABLE, DEPENDABLEMERCHANDISE OFFERED IN THIS SALE.Clean Sweep Sale of Ladies' Footwear Newest Styles White CanvasLace Oxfords and Straps. Reduced if 4 pto $1.45)Ladies' $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 TanOxfords and Straps, also Grey 4 QrSuedes. Reduced to J B JJ JLadies' $3.50 and $4.00 Patent andTan Straps and Oxfords, Reduced (JA jrto JZ.4DLadies' $4.00 to $5.00 Tan, Patentsand Kid Straps and Oxfords. Re- ft Qrduced to 4fca0uClean Sweep Sale of Men's Footwear Men's $4.00 Tan Dress Shoesand Oxfords, rubber heels. Re- f jrduced to 4nLbWVMen's $5.00 Grades Shoes and Ox- f A jrfords, rubber heels. Reduced to.. )yaf3Men's $7.00, $8.00 and $9.00 HighGrade Shoes and "Walk-Over Ox- flj atfords. Reduced to l KJlMen's $2.50 Tan Elk Outing Shoes ft'litil.aMen's Tan Army Last Work atShoes, now JI.SDClean Sweep Sales Missses' andChildren's Slippers, White Canvasand Tan $3.49 Grades Tan and 4 qjPatents, now I JJJl$2.99 Children's Slippers, f 4 jQOne lot Slippers, $2.50 grades, f 4 jrnow JI.4DInfants' $1.25 Kid Straps rn.now ayeBoys' and Youths' $3.00 Tan Shoes f 4 yall sizes, 1 to 6, now I JlHDAN COHENPwis'SfecSUrcWhere Beauty u4 Eceatay Reifa&itkrVu . - ' v j ' W4V-Oi. ', i