''- jm.j Vri:, V?-iPi $'i,;' r T?- vt tPUBLISHER EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.at .n1 rlL- -nui inni 11 rr1 mrM.. . .v m Hv V'-S V m kH W W m ., B'W y$VOLUME XLIISHOOTING EESULTS IN WOUNDING OF ONEIn a difficulty which occurred at theParis house of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Company, on South Mainstreet yesterday morning, CalvertMeng, of Paris, was shot in the armand side by David Christopher, a tenant on- Mengs place near North Middletown. Meng was seriously wounded, the bullet from a 38-caliber revolver taking effect in his rightshoulder and ranging down into hisside.According to the story told by eyewitnesses the men met at the warehouse yesterday morning and becameinvolved in an argument about rentowing to Meng. Meng advanced toward Christopher, striking him with !a cane, ana alter being warned bythe latter to desist, kept advancing.Christopher drew a revolver, firingone shot, with the result stated above.Meng walked into the business officeof the warehouse and collapsed. Hewas given medical attention and sentto his home. Christopher started toward jParis to surrender and was metby Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilkey, whoplaced him under arrest.oSEBE'S CHANCE TO GET SPLENDID FAEMFarm-seekers should attend thepublic sale at ten o'clock, Saturdaymorning, February IS, of the 245acre farm of Miss Sallie Rogers, deceased. Sale conducted by Auctioneer George D. Speakes. Read thedisplay ad in this issile of THENEWS.JOHN W. JONES,(14-2t) Agent for Heirs.oBASKET BALL NOTESThe Paris Knights of Columbusteam was defeated Saturday nightby the Lexington K. of C. team inthe game played on the floors of theLexington Senior High School, bythe score of 36 to 19. Tucker andWoods performed steller parts forthe Paris team, which presented thefollowing line-up: Tucker andWoods performed stellar parts forMeglone and Kenney, guards.The game scheduled for Saturdaynight at the University of KentuckygTn between the Paris High Schooland the Lexington Model HighSchool teams was called off by Paris,and will probably be b -played somenight this week. The game wasoriginally scheduled for Fridaynight, but on account of conflictingwith the Kentucky Wesleyan-Ken-tuckyUniversity game, ha'd to bepostponed.The longer a grudge is nursed themore burdensome it becomes.?"m Know Bow"MothersandFathersLook Here!To raise cash we haveplaced oti sale a lot ofBoys'AH WoolSuitsit$4.50A price you cannot afford to pass for a Boy'sAll Wool Suit.Be among the thriftybuyers and shop athome" We can alwaysgive you the best values.Mitchell &BlakemoreIJlttWHY NO CHEBOPEACTIC DIS-PLAY AT THE NATIONALHEALTH SHOW?(Kentucky Chiropractor)The Legislature of 1920 legalizedChiropractic in Kentucky and placed the administration of the law inthe hands of the State Board ofHealth. The said State Board refuses to recognize Chiropractors onthe same footing with others legalized under the same law. Chiropractic has been discriminated againstand the Chiropractors have been forbidden use of any part of the Armory to let the people of this greatState see and hear about Chironrac-llc tne modern - health producerTaxpayers are paying the expense ofthis "Health Exposition." Thousands of tax payers are patrons ofChiropractic. Naturally they wantto know why we are not represented in the exposition. Ask the StateBoard of Health why. Perhaps theywill tell you because it would beadvertising. Is the exposition advertising medicine, and the medicaldoctors? If the object of the Exposition is not one of advertising, whatis it? We are not finding fault withadvertising, but we have a right tocomplain at the treatment we havereceived at the hands of the StateBoard of Health. The Tzar of Russia was never more arrogant anddominating in his most balmy daysthan such acts as this.Now comes said State Board ofHealth asking the Legislature to require the people to pay more taxthat they may get an appropriationlet's see, it seems to me that weare familiar with that word appropriation. Yes, that's the word wehave heard it before.What we started to say was thatthe State Board of Health wantsyou, Mr. Tax Payer, to dig down inyour pocket that more medical doctors may be educated. If Chiropractors were given an opportunity toshow the people a better way to lasting health, money would not benneded to educate medical men.The why is stated in the followingfrom the Chicago Journal.(From Chicago Journal, August 19,1921.)"The world-wide growth of drugless healing is one of the remarkablefacts of the age. Within the lasttwenty-three years 8,000 Chiropractors have found 5,000,000 adherents.At the present rate of growth of several hundred thousand a year thebelievers in Chiropractic will outnumber, within the next generation,those of any other system of healthpractice."A development so amazing depends simply on the truth, so oftendemonstrated, that natural methodseffect a cure safely, speedily and economically, while those that are atvarience with nature's laws in thehuman body do not, anu the American people are coming to measurethe work of the Chiropractors Byefficiency standards now being applied to other trades and professions,with results as the basis of judgment, instead of theories as formerly. "The science of Chiropractic isbased on the theory that nerve interference is the cause of disease.This interference occurs at the spinewhere the nerve trunks leave thespinal cord, pass between the jointsand scatter by fibers to every organ,tissue and part in the body. Anychange in the natural position of thebones of the spine will alter theshape of the openings made for thepassage of the nerve trunks, andthat will compress or stretch thetender nerve lines and affect the operation of vital force through them.When there is sickness nf nnv lHnri!, 4.-u i tu . :.iu. cue uuuy mere is one or more displaced vertebrae to account for it.and by locating and correcting theposition of these deviating sections! nerve pressure will be lifted andj health will result to the ailing part,j "The human spine bears thefweiglit of the body from above andresists the force of the actions of(the lower parts. It is subject toconstant strains and stresses duringyour hours of activity. Any strainjjar, fall, shock, twist, wrench orjload it is physically unable to naturally withstand will alter the normal arrangement of one or more ofits parts to an extent that adjacent spinal nerves will suffer pressure sufficient to affect the proper! passage of vital force from the brainto the body. These displacements,, if left to themselves, will decreasei the soft disks between the joints ofthe column, relieving the musclesand ligaments on the side in the direction of the dispalcement of theirnormal function, thus robbing themof their tone and power."It is much easier to pursue abeaten path than it is to start anew one. It is less difficult to doubtthan it is to believe. There are' people who would rather hold a prejj udice than have their opinions disproved. Chiropractic is a new,strange and unusual health idea.(Many doubt it. Some are prejudiced for other methods in 'spite ofi the fact that they find no relief in1 thom ' i"The results produced by the ChlsameVay."PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FE3RUARY14. 1922A MUNIFICENT GIFTA NOVEL METHOD OF STAETING HOUSEKEEPING THAT WILL BEINTERESTING TO EVERY READER WRITTEN FOR THEBOURBON NEWS BY JAMES T. WEART&On the morning of Wednesday,.January 11th, there appeared m theToronto Globe the following notice:"Married On the 10th inst., MissVirginia Schofield and Major Paul C.Churchill, at the First Baptist church,by theRev. A. E. Watson."A letter to Henry Schofield, ofParis, announcing the event, soonbrought a reply, for Virginia was, asUncle Henry declared, the only oneleft for him to take care of. Hewrote very effusively of his delight ather wedding and proposed that ifPaul and she were to locate in Parisand grow up with the country hewould bestow upon them such a giftas would enable them to have a nicehome and live comfortably the restof their days."This," wrote Henry, "will be mywedding gife to you. I don't knowanything better for you to do, forParis has a delightful, wholesome,social life you will like, I know, and iwith its wonderful, wealthy farming'community around, is growing fast. !In fact, Paris is the most suitable tplace for a young couple to start inlife that I know of.""About ten days subsequently atravel-worn party arrived in Paris.Henry, although 60 years of age, wason hand at the L. & N. depot togreet the couple, and as he shookhands with both of them at once, hisface once more showed the gleam ofyouth and his feet were as spry ashe gallantly directed theparty to hismachine standing nearby."Well," said Uncle Henry, as theyrode over to the home, "I hope youyoung folks enjoyed your trip South.Didn't you find it a little tiiesome?""I should say not," replied Virginia,"I never enjoyed a trip more in mylife. We had cold weather all theway down, of course, but the scenerywas the most beautiful I have everseen. It was simply grand.""I'm glad you had such a nicetrip," said Henry, "though I guessyou were glad to get here. Well,here we are, and I have your roomsalready prepared for you.""This is the Hotel Windsor," saiduncle, as they entered. "They havesuch a comfortable hostelry, and onthe American plan. They havo!rooms nicely furnished, that every-"body that comes here says thereisn't a more home-like hotel in thispart of the State. I've reserved asuite for you onnhe second floor andyou'll soon be fixed as comfortable ascan be."The party was cordially greeted byMr. and Mrs. Robert C. Goggin, thegenial proprietors, after which theyoung folks were shown to theirsuite, which greatly pleased Virginia by the comfort of its furnishings.Virginia and Paul appeared at 6o'clock, feeling much improved afterremoving the stains of travel and ashort nap, and after enjoying one ofthe Windsor's famous Sunday evening dinners in the dining room theyleimireu 10 tne parior, wnere Virginia entertained for an hour withthe brilliancy of her musical renditions. "I know I'm going to enjoy ithere," she said, as leaving the parlor they entered their suite, "for wehave such lovely accommodationshere and everything seems to be soimmaculately clean. It's just ascomfy as can be.""I thought you would like it," replied Henry."The older you get the more youwill learn to appreciate a goodhotel," said he. "I have lived hereever since your Aunt Jennie died,and I certainly appreciate Mr. Goggin's efforts to make one feel sothoroughly at home. Their, diningroom cuisine, if you notice, wasabove the average, as it is under thecharge of an able chef, .whose yearsof experience amply qualify him tosatisfy the epicurian demands of aJdiscriminating public. You knowthis is one of the oldest hotels inKentucky, being formerly known asThe Bourbon House, and during itsprime, was the "centre of the ultrasocial activities for 100 milesaround, as many an old BourbonFair dance has been held here, bythose who have gone beyond. x It hashad the honor of being host to Andrew Jackson, General WinfieldScott, the Breckinridges, the Clays,the Bedfords, the Millers and manyothers and in the old stage coachdays, it was a favorite rest betweenLexington and Maysville. I don'tcare how elegantly a hotel isfurnished, one never feels at home ifthe wrong man is at the head of it.ropractors are the sole source ofgrowth and the development of thework from a single individual to tenthousand members of the professionin the comparatively short time oftwenty-five years. Thousands., havebeen restored to health by Chiropractic adjustments and other thousJands ' will . find equal relief in the. . . - - 2-. -. i?tMr .Goggin is an able manager, butbeing an old traveling man himself,his affability of manner and knowl-edge of how to makefriends andkeep them with the traveling publichas won for him a host of admiringacquaintances."Tired out with travel, the" littlecompany soon broke up after theusual greetings had been given andbreakfast partaken of, Uncle. Henry,in nis original manner said: "Well,folks, I think that we would best belooking at these beautiful lots I wantyou to build on, so we'll just phonedown to Ruggles' garage and havethem send down my Sedan."As they seated themselves in Uncle Henry's car a few minutes laterand went whizzing out Main street,$10.00IN GOLDifor the neatest and mostartistic correct solutionto the puzzle in this story.Read the story carefullyand send your answer tothe Puzzle Editor, THEBOURBON NEWS, bySaturday, Feb. 18th.Virginia remarked: "Well Uncle,isn't this a most exhilarating ride,and such a beautiful machine, too, Inow noiseless ana smooth it runs.Do they use many of them here.""Quite a number," replied Henry."The Ruggles Motor Company is oneof the most progressive firms, andsince they commenced selling theirFord cars here they have sold quitea number of them. In my opinionthey have the best machine on themarket, and one that I have found4y experience, gets the least out oforder, and a prettier, more easilyrunning car I don't know of, for itcombines power, lightness, compactness, with flexibility and economy ofoperation. Take this 1921 Ford Sedan we are riding in, and notice theluxvrious upholstering and mechanical devices. What more can youask in a car equipped as it is, withself-starter and demountable rims,and selling as it does for $645.00 F.O. B. Detroit, delivered. It is mechanical perfection and will stand upagainst any kind of usage you giveit." '"It certainly is a "beauty!" Virginia exclaimed, "and am I going tobe taught to run it?" j"Indeed, you are, my dear, andeven better than that. Wfyle this 'car is big enough for us all, I have jbought you, for your own use inshopping and to make calls, a Ford;three-passenger coupe, with selfstarter and demountable rims, thatI consider a bargain at $580.00.""That was mighty dear of you.Uncle Henry. You cannot imagine !how deeply I appreciate it. Just tothink, a Foid coupe all my veryown." !"I want you both to meet Mr. R. 'C. Ruggles, the proprietor, when we ,go back," continued Henry. Theyare a thoroughly responsible firm.In fact, that is one of the main rea-'sons why I chose the Ford car foryou you are buying from a localcompany that possesses financialstrength and stability, and in caseanything should go wrong you havethe Ford, immense organization tomake complaint good, for they carry a complete line of Ford parts atall times. Then they have a splendid service station, and a mechanical repair department of ninemenwho, are real experts in their line.You can take my word for it, I'msolid on a Ford." rIn answer to Dave's question as towhere they wanted to go, Uncle Henry replied: "Just drive out aroundthe city, Dave. We want to look ata bit of Mother Earth. It's the basisof a home, Paul." 'It was an ideal winter's day for thetrip and the journey was made allthe more enjoyable by Uncle Henrypointing out the various places of interest en route.After looking around for a whileand looking over several properties,Uncle Henry exclaimed: j"Take us out on South Highstreet, Dave, where we were theother day. I want you to see a dandylot I have in mind that is in one of 'the choice residential sections of the jcity. There it is see what Jyou .youngsters think of It.""Perfectly lovely," exclaimed Virginia "Oh, would it not be nice jto,live out. here? -Just notice how-cleanand freah the air Is."LODGE NOTESMembers ot P. I. McCarthy Council, Knights of Columbus, went toLexington last night, where thevjwere guests of Blue Grass Council,oi mat city, at a meeting of thatorder. Rev. Father William O'Hare,pastor of the Church of the Annunciation, ot this city, delivered theprincipal address. Follpwing the address a smoker and general goodtime was haduMENG'DUROC-JERSEY SALEFifty head of pure-bred DurocJerseys brought an average of SG4j per head at & public sale conduct-ed at the Bridgeway Farm of WalterMeng, near North Middletown. Thesale was largely attended, manyswine-breeders ;frbm throughout theBluegrass region being . present.The offerings were of a high class.The sale was conducted by Auctioneers Inglehart, of Elizabethtown,Hengst, of Louisville, and Wikoff, ofParis. A substantial dinner wasserved at noon.We are getting back to normal.The railroads are runing excursionsagain."Well, I'm glad you like it," he remarked, "for now we can get realbusy.""If you are fond of conundrums,Virginia," said uncle, as they drovealong, "here is one Mr. Champ gaveme the other day and he said THEBOURBON NEWS will give $10.00 ingold to the person who sends in theMOST ARTISTIC and CORRECTanswer by Saturday, February 18th"Well, what is it?" laughingly inquired Virginia. "You have me interested. "Here it is," replied Henry, pulling out a sheet of paper:"A single I am, a twin I am never;A triplet I am, though my parts youcan sever.Search well for me here, but bearthis in mind,The more you discover the less youwill find.""What's the answer?" inquiredPaul, with much curiosity."The answer," replied Henry, "Mr.Champ tells me, is PRINTED INTHE FOUR LINES of the puzzle, butyou study it out for a while, or I'lltell you exactly what it is before weget through, for you will enjoy it, Iknow'"The next place to go," said uncle,after the young folks had approvedof the lots he had selected for them,"is to see Mr. F. 'G. Hagan, of WilFRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSViWe will Continue OurSALEFor 10 Days Longer in OurReady - to - Wear DepartmentJ 1 rSPECIALS' .One LotSILK WAISTS-each.One LotSILK WAISTS eachEARLY SHOWING OFSpring Wash GoodsFLAXONS GINGHAMSDOTTED SWISSES GAZE MARVELS 'AND RATINESkrank:&:Co.LADIES' OUTFITTERSNfaJ.BOSTON RED SOX TOHERE APRIL 8.PLAYThe. Boston Red Sox team of tieNational League will play a game onthe local diamond on Saturday, April8, arrangements to that effect haying been completed Tiy SecretaryHarold Harris, of the Paris Commercial Club. The game will beplayed between the two divisions ofthe Red Sox, en tour through theMiddle West, preparatory to theseasonal opening.The Red Sox will bring with themtwo complete teams, the regularteam and the substitutes, all notedin the annals of baseball. The netproceeds of the game will be donatedto the Paris base ball club of thenewly-formed Blue Grass League.Secretary Harris has been informedthat the Reds will put up one oftheir best exhibition games, wellworth seeing.GENUINE 0Efl I'IlRTS.'We have just received a new shipment of Ford parts. All kinds, socall on us when your Ford needs repairs. WHITE FRONT GARAGE.liam K. Hagan & Son, in the FirstNational Bank Building, who is ourarchitect. Even with money wemust have a firm who thoroughlyunderstands the art of designing,building, etc. He is considered oneof the finest architects Tn this partof the country, handling any thingfrom a bungalow to a modern officebuilding, and his services are constantly in demand. I have fatchedhis work with interest during thetime he has been here and find thathe gives his clients reliable estimates as to what a building or homewould cost, thereby insuring his clients against loss; in fact, he superintends a building just as thoughbuilding it for himself, giving personal attention each day to the supervision of the work. He drew theplans for the residence of Dr. D. S.Henry, the homes of Mr. Millner andMr. Perling, and better work youwon't see anywhere. Then he disigned the Dormitory for the MillersburgMilitary Institute, and the Christianchurch at North Middletown, andthat class of work takes a highlytrained man to do it. Well, here weare." -After meeting Mr. Hagan theyrooked over the numerous plansand decided on a two-story house inthe English Colonial style, in rusticbrick, half timber and plaster. Vfr(Continued from Page 6)ttwir-....,.::..,;: $2.00:,...$3.75T"I?Iy-N-. s 4?i3S',-4'PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, ' PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14., 1IS1CtomachTROUBLESI seldom fail toNT RELYwhen you takeTanlacML It builds you upand helps you regain your normalweight.Sold by all good druggists'First 'look frinttd In Nw World.The first book printed In the -NewWorld was probably a translationfrom Latin into Spanish of "The Spiritual Ladder" in 1535. Juan de Zumarra, a Franciscan monk, first bishop ofMexico, printed it. The first bookprinted in America that containedcuts to illustrate the text was "TheDoctrina Christiana," printed inMexico City by Juan Pablos in 1544.iProminent road engineers are advocating wider automobile highways. That would allow more roomfor sidestepping.GOOD HEALTH OFCHILDREN FROMRICH BLOODHealth, Strength and Vigor Built UpBy Glide's Pepto-ManganvWANTEDTo buy pr rent a house in desirable location. 6al Cumberlandphone 282' (10-2t)FOR SALENo Use to Rail, Sonny.It is hard to sever old ties," sighede youngster whose father had ordered him to split a lot of wood gathered from an abandoned railroad track.Boston Transcript.0jan3-13-T)till K"H"ri4''I"i"I"I"H"Il,Hl41lil'I"I',,lH"I"t, 'i H H 1 1We Handle All Kinds of1 Electrical Novelties IElectric Washing! Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practicaland Ornamental.T. W. SPICER"- MAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSETil H 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 m . .iiiii T , ,You see one child strong and robust; another child pale and thin.One' eats practically the same foodsand takes the same exercise as theother. What is the difference?Nearly always it's a difference in thequality of the blood. The strongchild has rich, red blood and plentyof it. You love to see him eat soheartily.' If your child is thin andweak, give him Gude's Pepto-Man-ganto build up the blood and seethe difference between a sickly, unhappy childhood and a bouncing,healthy childhood.Get Gude's Pepto-Mangan at yourdruggist's in liquid or tablet form.Be sure it's the -genuine. (adv)oNew Organ of Balance.Dr. G. Vitali, the Italian naturalist,has V discovered that birds and batshave a small sense organ or vesiclesituated on the middle wall of thetympanic (drum) cavity of their ears.When . this is removed they seem tohave no sense of balance. Vitali concludes tha this organ, which reacts tovariations of pressure within themiddle-ear, thus enables the bird todetermine the density of the airthrough which it is moving, and regulates its muscular movements accordingly.' Oak Bed andclass condition.Telephone 853.Dresser in firstCall Cumberland-'" -S " -' ""&;' - ''"TOBACCOSEEDGenuine Judy's Pride TobaccoSeed for sale, $1.25 per ounce. Seethe undersigned at the tobacco warehouses. (3febtf) S. K. NICHOLS."LOSTWe Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.A large line of heating stoves nowon display. Get our prices beforeyou buy.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone' 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Street3.(augl5-tf)Last Saturday, about midway between Paris and Lexington, on Lexington pike, a 30x3 automobiletire and inner tube. Finder can getreward by leaving at THE NEWSoffice. (10-2t)BANK STOCKLiberty Bonds, Etc.ATPublic Auction!AUCTIONEERLet me be your auctioneer forsales of any kind. I have had fouryears' experience as auctioneer, andI will try my very best to give youa good deal. My rates will be satisfactory. Give me a trial. At Fordham Hotel after February 12.BRYAN- WILLIAMS.(jan31-tf)TOBACCO SEEDSelected long leaf Kelly TobaccoSeed, from fancy crop, making over2,000 pounds to acre, 1.00 anounce.MISS IDA THOMAS,Care Douglas Thomas,Cum. Phone 360. Paris. Ky.(7-lmo)AMNITATR'STHE UNIVERSAL CAR1 Down They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922sChassis $285Runabout 319Touring Car '. 348Truck Chassis 430Coupe 580Sedan t 645(F. O. B. DETROIT)ihRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYTHIN, FLAT HAIR fGROWS LONG, THICKAND ABUNDANT II i"Danderine" costsonly 35 cents a bottle.One application endsall dandruff, stopsitching and fallinghair, and in a fewmoments, you havedouble the beauty ofyour hair. It will appear a mass, so sort,lustrous, and easy todo up. But what willDlease you most willbe after a few weeksuse, when you seenew hair, fine anddowny at first yesbut really new hair grpwing all overthe scalp. "Danderine" is to thehair what fresh showers of rain andsunshine are to vegetation. It goesright to the roots, invigorates andstrengthens them. This delightful,stimulating tonic helps thin, lifelessfaded hair to grow long, thick,heavy and luxuriant. (T-tf)NOTICE!HELP WANTEDYoung men, women, over 17 desiring government positions, 130monthly; write for free list of positions now open.J. LEONARD,(Former w Civil Service Examiner),935 Equitable Bldg., "Washington,D. C. (7-2t)At the sale of tie farm land ofthe late Miss" Sallie J. Rogers, whichwill be held on the premises, 1 mileWest of Little Rock, and 10 milesEast of Paris, on the Stone Turnpike, onSATURDAY, FEB. 18AT 10 A. M.I will offer for sale to the highestbidder, the "following:S Shares North Middletown Deposit Bank Stock;10 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.. Stock;50 Shares Carlisle Mercury Co.Stock;$4,500 worth of Third LibertyBonds;$500 worth of First Liberty Bonds.WARREN M. EOGEES,Administrator(31-7-10-14-17)All persons having claims againstthe estate of Annie May Tibbs, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame properly proven as required bylaw, to undersigned Administrator,for adjustment and payment. Allsuch claims not presented withinthe legal time, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidAnnie May Tibbs, deceased, arehereby notified to call and' make fulland complete settlement with theundersigned Administrator of suchindebtedness.E. J. MARTYN,Administrator of Annie May Tibbs.(27jan-3w,PUBLIC SALEFebruary 17th, 2 P.We have been authorized by the owner, Mrs. L. E. Owen, who ismoving to Texas, to sell her house and lot, located on East Eighth St.,in Thornton Division, Friday, February 17, at 2 p. m.The house has four rooms, gas and electric lights, a splendid cistern, concrete walks, shade trees, and a good garden in the rear.It is convenient to schools and churches, and the business section ofthe city.Any one in the market for a home or an investment, located anddescribed as above, should attend this auction.Sale positive. Terms easy and made known on date of sale. For information concerning this sale, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Agents Making the Sale, or(7-10-14) ' MBS. L. E. OWEN, Owner.Ed. Richardsoni --ContractingPainterHOUSE PAINTINGGraining a SpecialtyEnameling Neatly Done. Thirty-one Yearsv w Experience.CUMBERLAND PHONE 674'552 VINE STREET . PARIS, KENTUCKY4fc?"Raln-ln-the-Face."It Is said that 4,Rain-ln-the-Face"received his name as the result of apersonal encounter when about tenyears of age, with a Cheyenne boy,whom he worsted; he received several blows in the face, causing it tobe spattered with blood and streakswhere the paint had been washedaway.o0 ''iV iiiis h ''mv"Pape's Cold Compound" isQuickest Relief KnownDon't stay stuff ed-up! Quit blowing and' snuffling! A dose of "Pape'sCold Compound" taken every twohours until three doses are taken usually breaks any cold right up.Tiie very first dose opens cloggednostrils and the air passages of the,head; stops nose running; relievesthe headache, dullness, feverishness."Pape's Cold Compound" costs onlya few cents at drug stores. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, contains no quinine . Insist uponPape's! (adv-T)TREESFor Spring Planting!, Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsStrawberries, Grape Vinesi PerennialsEvergreensHedgingEtc.Seed PotatoesEverything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden. A largeillustrated catalog and guidesent on request.H.F-Hillenmeyer&SonsA Nursery Word in KentuckyLexington, Kentucky(tilll5apr)FINE BOURBON LAND AT AUCTIONSaturday, February 18th, at 10 A. M. On the Premises. Scale 50d Ft 1 I l.ii"I !jAI Jr Y'" V -Y?' x' ; skv y' x245.08 Acres on Cane Ridge Estate of Miss Sallie J.Rogers10 Miles East of Paris lfMile West of Little Rock 4 Miles N. E. of N. MiddletownThese splendid farms lie in thevery richest section of Bourboncounty. They are all in blue grass,with the exception of 10 acres ontract No. 4. A considerable amountof this land is virgin soil; verylittle of it has been plowed in manyyears and it has been well takencare of. It is in the heart of thebest burley tobacco growing land inthe Blue Grass Region. Each tractfronts on the turnpike and is wellwatered. Considerable young walnut, sugar tree, oak and ash timber.In graded school district, close tochurches at Cane Ridge, LittleRock and North Middletown. Splendid opportunity to buy a small farmproductive enough to pay for itselfin a few years, and establish a homein one of the best neighborhoods inthe Blue Grass. --Each tract will be sold separately and then the tracts lying on eachside of the pike as a whole.TRACT NO. 1 Contains 82.08acres and adjoins the farm ofWarren M. Rogers. Has a threeroom tenant house, There is considerable virgin soil on this tract,which is well timbered. "Wateredby pond and spring; fronts on Stoneturnpike. All in blue grass.TRACT NO. 2 Contains 61.11acres. Adjoins farm of ElmerBoardman and Jas. Duncan. Somevirgin soil, small pond. Good timber on this tract. Fronts on turnpike. All in blue grass.TRACT NO. 3 Contains 50.86acres. Adjoins farms of Dr. Henryand Tom Reid. There is land onjthis tract that has never been plowed. Watered by branch. Fronts onpike. Good timber. All in bluegrass.TRACT NO. 4 Contains 51,03acres. Adjoins Flanders farm andfarm of Mrs. Robbins. All in bluegrass with exception of 10 acres.Blue grass land on this tract hasnot been plowed in some 50 years.Watered by branch. Fronts on pike.Sale will be held on premises, rainor shine.There will be a fire in the houselocated on TRACT NO. 1 on day ofsale. Terms announced on day ofsale.Prospective buyers may call JohnW. Jones, at North Middletown,Cumberland Phone 21 during theday, or 66 at night, who will beglad to show them over the farm.JNO. W. JONES, Agt. For HeirsNorth Middletown, Ky.GEORGE D. SPEAKES, Aucnttr (91-7-14-17)AvWfy vgfrfH-'' vV- . y--; 4ri. "''i; " j'HTUESDAY, FEBKUARY '14,l2wtHB BOURBONiVFt (PARIS,KSNTUCK1'.' .:?mIWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage Supplies(tf) Cars WashedIT COMPLETELYRESTORED HIMSAYS SCHOFFi i m nill " ' - EBMMHfeumGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We ArelEquipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkICincinnati Man Was Hardly MoreThan Skin And Bones .FromStomach Trouble and Rheumatismoc your money backPositively Contain! no AipiriaFor Sab at all DcugScoav30 Tabic 25c(till-25mar)Politeness costs nothing, but itsvalue is not to be measured by itscost.KANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399NEW SCHEDULEEffective Sunday, February 19thReo Comfort Bus LineAll the way from Winchester to Paris, Georgetown, withclose connection for Frankfort, Shelby ville and Louisville.A. M. P. M.Leave Paris for Winchester x6:45 2:00" Paris for Georgetown x8:45 4:30" Winchester for Paris x7:45 3: 1 5" Georgetown for Paris xlO:00 5:40" Georgetown for Frankfort xlO:00 6:00" Centerville for Georgetown...... x9:15 5:00" Centerville for Paris xl0:30 6:10" Newtown for Georgetown x9:30 5:15" Newtown for Paris xl0:15 5:55Trips marked x do not run on Sunday.On account of bad road and in order to gain time we havediscontinued Clintonville route and will in future use theWinchester pike only. No better road in the State to rideover. This Bus makes direct connection in Paris with ourBus for North Middletown, Mt. Sterling, Owingsville andSharps burg. Also close connections for Lexington and Cyn-,1'thiana. The afternoon bus makes connection for Millersburgand Carlisle,REO COMFORT BUS LINEFRED WECKESSER, ProprietorNew ScheduleReo Comfort Bus LineEffective Monday, February 20thStarting on and after above date from Sharpsburg willmake direct connection in Mt. Sterling with Owingsville busfor Winchester.A. M. P. M.Leave Sharpsburg x6:00 2:00" Mt. Sterling for Paris x6:45 3:00" Mt. Sterling for Sharpsburg xl0:15 6:00" North Middletown for Paris x7:20 3:45" N. Middletown for Mt. Sterling. . . x9:30 5:1 5Runs marked x do not run on Sunday.Close connection in Paris for Cincinnati fast train 8:08a, m.; also buses for Lexington, Georgetown, Frankfort, Cynthiana, Millersburg and Carlisle.REO COMFORT BUS LINEFRED WECKESSER, Proprietor V ;P. S. Keep this for future reference.Has Enjoyed Perfect Health EverSince HeTook Tanlac Jour YearsAgo. . 1 'tw"Four years ago I was completelyrestored to health by Tanlac andever since that time I have beenjustin the pink of condition," said Leroy Scheff, 12 East Fifteenth street,Cincinnati, Ohio."I began taking Tanlac for stomach trouble and I was hardly morethan skin and bones. To make badmatters worse, rheumatism had mein its clutches and all my musclesfelt like they were tied in knots."The first thing Tanlac did for mewas tone up my stomach. After thisit wasn't long before the rheuma-Htism left me completely. I gainedtwenty-eight pounds in weight andhave kept it through all these years.When it comes to making a man feelfine and keeping him that way Tanlac is in a class by itself."Tanlac is sold in Paris at Roche'sDrug Store and all leading drugstores. (adv,' . o ,The Rape of the Lock."He has invented a long story outof a single and not very interestingfact," writes Henry T. Tuckerman of"The Rape of the Lock," by Pope,"and he has told his tale in languagethe most choice, and rhymes the mostcorrect. The poem is like the fruitsand flowers of precious stones set inthe exquisite pietra dura tables ofItaly clear, fanciful, rarely combined,but unwarmed with any glow of nature, and better calculated to awakenadmiration than excite sympathy."INGROWN TOE NAILTURNS OUT ITSELFA few drops of "Outgrow" uponthe skin surrounding the ingrowingnail reduces inflammation and painand so toughens the tender, sensitive skin underneath the toe nail,that it can not penetrate the flesh,and the nail turns naturally outward almost over night."Outgrow" is a harmless, antiseptic manufactured for chiropodists.However, anyone can buy from thedrug store a tiny bottle containingdirections. (T-tf)FARMERSITRADERSBANKPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL!$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiier, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. Wj. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkea, Asa't CashierDan Peed; 7r., Bookkeeptr. . .JUNE 30, 1921People for Whom the Bestis None Too GoodAre always the most enthusiasticconcering the excellence of ourDry Cleaning and'DyeingWe have" one of the mosfefficientRemodeling Departmentsin the country.. Furs transformed'into the mode very quickly. Men'sand women's garments altered inany way desired.We dye fur skins and remodel themin any way.We tailor -make men's or ladies'suits. $50.00 un. Latest styles. Wepay $2.50 railroad fare on everycustom-made suit ordered from us.Send goods parcel post. We haveno agents. 'THE TEASDALE CO.625-627 Walnut StreetDYE OLD CURTAINS,SWEATER OR SHIRTIN DIAMOND DYES"Diamond Dyes" add years of wearto worn, faded skirts, waists, coats,stockings, sweaters, coverings, hangings, draperies, everything. Everypackage contains directions so simple any woman can put new, rich,fadeless colors into her worn garments or draperies even if she hasnever dyed hefore. Just buy Diamond, Dyes no other kind thenyour material will come out right,because Diamond Dyes are guaranteed not to streak, spot, fade, orrun. Tell your druggist whetherthe material you wish to dye is woolor silk or whether it is linen, cottonor mixed goods. (adv)p.i.twiuuu SIM MS SSSurplus and Profits 122 5M M 'Stockholders' Liabilities .V.V.V.V3. 15,hJ'.HProtection to Depositors ..$422 5WKMnr Established 1S51 XPeoples Deposit BankC& Trust Co.r-pParis, KentuckyWE WAN? YOUR BUSINESS AND."ARfe PREPARED TO HANDLE ITv, OFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, President C. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pres.-CashierGEO W. WILDER, Vice-Pres. GEO. L. DOYLE.Assiseant CashierROBT. METEER. Vice.Pres.MISSHOLLADAY'SValentineBasketsndBoxesof Home-MadeCandyare beautiful and expressivefor the occasion Feb. 14th,Valentine Day.Southern RAiLWffSysrEMTwo- Through Trains DailyBirmingham New OrleanssNew Orleans Limited Crescent City SpecialLv. Lexington 10:40 A.M.Lv. Danville 11:40 A.M.Lv. Somerset 12:50 P.M.Ar. Chattanooga 6:20 P.M.Ar. Birmingham 10:35 P.M.Ar. New Orleans 10:30 A.M.Lv. Lexington 10:30 P.M.Lv. Danville 11:30 P.M.Lv. Somerset 12:40 A.M.Ar. Chattanooga 6:20 A.M.Ar. Birmingham 10:30 A.M.Ar. New Orleans 10:00 P.M.Pullman Sleeping Cars and CoachesDining Cars Serving All MealsFor tickets, sleeping car reservations or other information, apply toTicket Agent, or address,,H. C. KING, District Passenger Agent,104- North Limestone Street, Lexington, Ky.LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGIf &H lSHFacts You (Should KnowWhen You Buy a CarA..I4n-w..r: - -Surplus Power is furnished by Buick Valve-in-HeadMotors.Carburetors are automatically heated.Crankcase or Radiator drained by turning a handle.Oil Pumps are self thawing.' Rocker Arms automatically lubricated.Radiator easily repaired by inserting sections.Clutch positive in action, still a child can operate it.Gear Shift made by a slight touch of the hand.Steering a Buick is like child's play.Steering Rod or drag Knk all one piece.Universal Joint automatically lubricated.Frame scientifically designed extra strong.Third Member absorbs all driving strains not the springs;Brakes very efficient easily adjusted.Rear Axle special design correctly built.Head Room plenty, not too much. AtTwelve Models of Buick cars makes it possible tforj ypuu., f Kto secure the type of car you desire. .-.., ., . ,V'ir.,Ask us to tell you more about Buick(c-'C. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streets;4'Iv' n,uB-?1w:HBomn.lkmAteJfeiiGet Result'- StB3flki. ' k It t m. A-JMlfc -ft --- "Z """" -m mi-.--ijrr 2nr"'t 0. tCincinnati, Okib.(tilllMarl-T).'v r; If rfc iciytry r'wsmswswsm"N.GE4tHIKFOR SALE'T "t-MSriBrl.Eight or Aen tons of mixed hay;fine for oqws; first-classjartlcle.(It) C. N. PEDPICORD., FOR SALE.Twentr-fiyelfeht lighting plant,including lonn-hftrse-power as engine, necessary shafting, fceltingand switches; JJ'o-light generatorand large galvanized water '.tank.Will -be sold at a reasonable -rice,jdue to the installation of a 'largerplant.THE WINCHESTER SUN,(l4-2t) Wischester, Kfc.Public SaleOPi-(&Xn 5 "" " . JV.--fci srjfxv .' fx JPDBUC SALETHE BoflNJVTUESDAY, FEBIKULJtY 14, ;,2&------- -.OFSTOCK, TAKM IMPLEMENTS, Etc.PAGEANT, "SLEEPING BEAUTY,"AT THE HIGH SCHOOLfarming, IPersonal Property.Having quit farming, I .will sellthe following property onThursday, Feb. 16, 1922, (At 10:00 O'Clock AM.on what is known as the JTios.JWoodford farm, located on the LittleRock and Paris pike, 10 miles east ofParis and 3 miles west of LittleRock:2 good farm teams;2 good milch cows, one fresh;2 Jersey milch cows;2 Jersey heifers, due to calve inne Spring;3 yeanling calves;il 100-pound shoats;L 2 brood sows;50 barr's picked corn, in crib;rj i Sales hay!Tfee following fanmments,, practically new;g imple-2 farm wagons;-. v rets wain harness;2 btiggiesj one nfeWJ2 sets bugiy ha?figsF1 gehtlenians riding saddle;1 tarpaulin, 1Sx22;1 14-foot feed sled: -.-1 McCormick Binder;" f Deering Mower;i hay raksf., I Atfcry com planter;1 Case tobacco setter; r2 cultivators, a'0 '" P"2 disc harrows? " "1 60 -tooth harrow; u2 3-horse riding land plows;2 walking land plows;Single and double-shovel plows;1 potato plow;1 roller cutting box;Having decided to quitwill sell at public auction on thepremises of the George Wagonerplace, on the Tarisxand Cynthianapike, four and me-half miles westof Paris, era.sSATTJMAY, TEBxbeginning at 10 o'clock,ing live stock, faxming implements,crop, furniture, etcs3 work mules; ""1 Percheron xnre;1 Percheron colt, three-y ears-old;2 three-year-old mule colts;'1 weanling mule colt:1 weanling, half -pony colt;1 driving mare;2 cows, fresh;H yearling steers; J"2 yearling heifers;2 Jersey heifer calves;9 registered Poland Chinasows;18 eattle shoats;1 boar; q1 stag, weight 600 pounds;100 barrels of picked corn;3 two-horse wagons; '2 wagon frames; i1 wagon bed;1 tongueless cutting harrow;2 drag harrows;2 riding cultivators;1 corn planter? ",, ,1 tobacco setter; "" ,4 breaking plows;2 Rastus tobacco plows;1 double shovel plow;1 single shovel plow;1 iron roller;1 mowing machine;2 drags;1 marker; -5 hog houses; " ;2 self feeders; v1 hog oiler; 1 pig pen;1 Boss coal oil stove; ",and coal range; SThe pageant, 'Sleeping Beauty,"will be given at the Paris City Schoolon Wednesday afternoon, FebruaryJ 15, at 2:30, and Thursday evening,February 16, at eight o'clock. Thei following are some of the charactersand special features:The King, Holt Henry; Queen,Elizabeth Whitley; Prince, T. J.Judy; Princess, Eleanor Swearengin;Fairy. Messenger, Elizabeth Douglas; Fairy Queen, Susan Howard;l$,?d 938 M iWAFed Fairy, Guy Speakes; Oldm Woman. Gladys Cravcraft: Strollins-r tl,e-'follow- player. Vivian Wallinerf ord : HeadRedmon,ElizabethCahal,fook, John Cain; Scully Boy, AnneDuke Woodford.DANCES:jMoonbeams: SidneyMary Forman Varden,Hinton, Frances Hill.Night Breezes VirginiaMarjorie Trisler.Morning Rays Mary Petree,Margaret Hill, Sarah Patterson, AnnThomas Ewalt.Dance of Joy: Rachel McClintock,Frances Thompson, Lucille Chipley,Marjoirie Trisler.Butterfly Dance: Louise Petter-son.Housemaid, milkmaids, cooks,gardners, partners and neighbors,Jim Crows, Hickory Dickery Docks,Fairies, Fairy God-mothers, Flowers,Brownies, Spirits, Hunters andnurses.Over two hundred children willtake part in this pageant. The tickets are on sale at Brooks & Snapps'drug store.REVIVAL AT THE METHODISTCHUECH'jThe revival services at the Methodist church ai;e being" well attendedand an increased interest is beingshown at .every meeting. Mr. C. P.Gdssett, who is leading the singing,arrived Sunday. He is a very finecl&ir leader and an excellent baritone soloist.Br. C. C. Jarrell, who is to do thetne preaching, arrived last nightfrom Augusta, Ga., and preached hisWANT A FINE FABM? ATSENDSOGERS SALE'JA-"jf1 WOOlx1 DeLaval cre2l Separator j2 cream cans: . rwcarOn Saturday, February 18, at ten !o'clock, a. m., auctioneer George D. Ij Speakes will conduct the public sale,oil the premises, of the 245-acre ifarm belonging to the estate of Miss iSallie Rogers. There's no finerfarming land anywhere. Read the 'big ad in this issue q THE NEWS, iJOHN W. JONES, JkZl Agent fpiv HeirsDissolution Sale1 XMonday, February 20, 2 P.w At the Court House Door.In order to dissolve the "partnership now existing between JoeReffett, of Paris, and Will Morrison, of Cynthiana, we will sell at PublicAuction, on the above named date, a certain tract of land, consisting of62.45 acres, located about 7 miles from Paris, 1 mile from Jacksonville,,and a short distance off the Jacksonville and Brentsville pikes, betterknown as the De Rice Johnson farm, 'and part of the old Lee Smithplace.The property Is improved by a five-room frame cottage, one 10-acretobacco barn, a good cistern at the door, and never failing stock water.Every acre of this land has strong producing powers, is all good,deep soil and is all' in grass except 16 acres, which "is sowed in barleynow.i " .3The farm has to sell, postitively no by-bidding or reserve. ,. "-r For further information, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, -., -tfCor. Sixth and Main, Farmers & Traders Bank. 'Home Phone 394, Cumberland 450. or the owners, " y(142t) JOE REFFETT or WILL MORRISON..The Pride of Paris'DAILY ARRIVALSOFiiI300 chickens;Lot of chicken boxes;2. incubators; 2 brooders;1- tarpaulin;1 Ford touring car, 1917 model;Several bushels of potatoes;1 pair horse clippers;1 fifty gallon gas tank;1 thirty gallon gas tank;2 log chains; -3 sets of work gear;Lot of double trees, single trees, jshovels, forks, hoes and numerous Totner articles generally round on tneLEASE ST0&E ROOMMR. C. P, GOSSETTWho Is Leading Singing At Meth-oaist Church RevivalNEW SPRING MODELSTHAT REFLECTTHE COMING OF SPRING-: r--iv4-wV &!lopening sermon last night. He is aBennedetti & Co., of Frankfort, forceful and insmriner sneaker andhave leased the store room on Main ' maje a fine impression on those whostreet occupied by Mrs. Come Wat- attended the Services last night,son Baird, and, after it has been re-f Mj (jossett has succeeded in or-modeled, will open a confectionery, ganizing a large choir. The SundayPossession will be eriven in Marcn. cvii .ioofio io is ncsfctinp- wiMrs. Baird has secured another lo-)the anusic. A musical program wi"11JI ue neia eacn evening Prvp;aing the ISHOWN ATnHrTi in wlnioh sh will mnvp hprfv. t.u t. : ...,.. II nf nnly rf mitlinorw ?-. m """ "- """"-w sermon, services win. v. vur " - nr; 1 1 11 1 i 1Attention, Merchants ! ins.(9:45 a. m. and 7:30, r,. m. Tiie Dublie is invitea to ar;tend. all tne meetcoke gteVeSj.'gZimsfI stinoihf-fbbm stove; --ghfefefeeuers; - tS, I r'ihd stone;i United States Cream x Separator;1 150-gallon oil tank; v100 Rhode Island Red Hens;,Forks, hoes, double and singletrees and other things too numerousto mention.TERMS All sums under $50.00cash; sums over $50.00, negotiablenote bearing 6 per cent, interest,payable in three months.L. R. CRAVEN,Little Rock, Ky.(Paris, Ky., Route 3)Geo. D. Speakes. Auctioneer,(it)' - - - I 7 1 Se display advertisement in thisMost all oi the farming impie- I Are you ready tor your Spring iefeufe of THE BOURBON NEWS.aTM-a aro nrnPtirallv new. having. trade? IP y6ur store room clean. obeen in use from one to three years. , and attractive? Now la tha time to WATCH FOR OPENING OF TTTF,TERMS Made known on day of clean Up and get in BU&pe. Don't t "SMART SHOP" 'sale Iput it off. For all kinds of repair-,TtftY EATTERTON ing and Painting, see watcn tor tne a;flnouncemellt 0fwi W.at.0 TiTn R dVrncrc S.E.BORLAND, tne opening aae of the "SmartShlwhan Exchange. I At The "Fair Store'" B0Z Jucted by Mrs. S.(14-lt)rTHEmmtDEPARTMENT STORE;PARIS KENTUCKY'MTelephone 159.W. Willis and Miss Hattie Clark.Patronize Bourbon News Advertisers.AnotherReal BargainMonarch 14 .ozCATSUPA Real 35c ValueforAcThis Week OnlyLogan HowardBoth Phones 179"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"REVIVAL SERVICESParis Methodist ChurchBEGINNING SUNDAY, FEB. 12, 1922FARM LOANS!The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co.will loan you money on yourfarm at 6 per cent. For furtherinformation call on us.R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General AgtntWILLIAM GRANNANAttemtyPirW, tUtrtuckyt -ir$ 'DR. C. C. JARRELLPASTOR' ST. JOHN'S CHURCHAUGUSTA, GEORGIAA mos,t successful Pastor-Eyangelist willvvm vv ww r 1-? 1. J stDR C. C. JARRELL'2- r3 tAk.. iqr-rv ,? MKl Ji J . ftj?MR. C.R GOSSETTWILMORE, KENTUCKYOne of the twenty-three approved evangelistic singers of the M. E. Church,', : South, will have charge of the singing!SERVICES AT 9:45 A M. AND 7:30 P. M. I -J K ifii m m"The Spirit, and the bride say. come,is athirst Come. And whosoeverAnd -let him that heareth say Come. And let him thatwill let him take the water of life freely." Rev. 22:17J 5- CMmvmvwA5sITui-1 JV Tv S.A,- Z&. --gtBv, jtb- xTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, iS22 iM4?M -'-"1 .v PvrJrTrsC'JJ:v.sy9M4tT;r-'Jewelers :-: Paris, Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseMWMgMMFEENDELL OATSThe Tery "best oats small pack-10 cents; large .package, 25PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YouKnow and Others YonDon'tDEATHSa ." fage,cents.(It)C. P. COOK & CO.-o-SALE OF EDIBLESThe Latin Club of the Paris HighSchool, will have a sale of ediblest the Paris Realty Co.'s office, onSaturday, February 18. All donations welcome. Everybody come andbuy. (14-2t)oIMPORTANT NOTICEOn account of the illness of MissReba Lockhart, the entertainmentscheduled by the Jemima JohnsonChapter, D. A. R., for February 22,has been indefinitely postponed.o- NEW AUTO OWNEESKittrell & Calloway, of Lexington,report the recent sale of a Reo SpeedVagon, mounted with a twenty-passenger bus body, to Fred Weckesser, fof Paris. This makes three Reov. agons owned by Mr. Weckesser, op- Jprating on his bus lines out of Paris.INFLUENZA PREVALENT"" A number of cases of influenza ofa mild nature are reported in theeitj and county. The Open warmweather -and changeable weather conditions, are. given as contributingcauses for the prevalence of the disease. None of the cases are of aserious nature, and are yielding readily to treatment.r. BOURBON TUEF NOTESArthur B. Hancock, of Paris, hasselected the name, Pavlowa, for histwo-year-old filly by Wrack1 out ofTreaaligktly II. A filly stablemateout of Presanella, and by Nor.thStar, has been named Prestolite.John S. Wiggins, of Military StockFarm, near Hutchison, reports achestnut colt by Paicines, fromSoiurire, by Flint Rock, next damHalf Sovereign by Hastings, theproperty of Frank Kelley.oNEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBEE CO.(nov25-ti)- oGROCERY EOBBED x"Rnrfrlnrs entered the errocerv ofSkillman Bros., on Second street, andrelieved the cash drawer of $1.25 inchange which had been left for"seed" for the next day. The intruders gained entrance by prying opena window in the side of the building.The grocery has been robbed half-a-dozentimes in the past few years, ineach instance, in the same manner.$165 FOR BAND UNIFORMSThe benefit band concert given atthe Y. M. C A. Friday night, was agreat success, and "was attended byby a large and appreciative audience.More than $40 was raised for theuniform fund for the boys' band.Secretary C B. Harrison received agift of $100 for the fund from acitizen, which will bring the amounton hand close to $165, with severalcash pledges yet to hear from.TWO IN ACCIDENTSOverturning of a kettle of hotoup at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Tobin, in East Paris, severely scalded their little daughter,Allene, about the arm and body.Medical aid relieved her sufferings.Miss Helen Edwards, of the Cumberland Telephone Co., sustainedpainful injuries, when she trippedand fell down the stairs at the exchange. She was removed to herhome, and given medical attention.Mrs. Henry A. Power is confinedto her home on Main street bv ill-j ness.John Holleran, of Chicago, former Parisian, is here renewing oldfriendships.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford"v gone to ujustis, Fla., to remainuntil some time in April.ME. Guttman, of The Leaderfctore, has returned from a trip ofinspection to the Eastern markets,m the interest of the store.William Jones and Richard Caywood, of North Middletown, wereguests for the week of State SenatorHenry S. Caywood, in Frankfort.David Feld. Main stropf ,namercnant, has gone to Rochester,minn., wnere ne will be under treatment at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker leftSunday for New York City, whereMr. Tucker will comb the marketsfor novelties and stocks for his storeMrs. James. H. Thompson hasissued invitations for luncheon to begiven at her home. "Wnnrii,!Villa,'' on the Lexington road, nearthis city, to-morrow.Miss Anna Wilson has returned3 her home on Mt. Airy after a visitto Miss Margaret Owens, in Mavs-ville. Miss Owens accompanied herihome for a week's visit.j.TXi. emu -WJ.J.&. wtu jvenney Ferguson spent the week-end in Georgetown as guests of Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Ford Offutt, at their apartmentsin the Lancaster Hotel.Mrs. E. P. Claybrook and Mr.ana Mrs. Robert Meteer have returned from a visit of several weeksto friends and relatives in Ft.Meyers and other points in Florida.J. J. Veatch, District Superintendent of the Central Borne Telephone and Telegraph Company, lefttor Maysville, Monday afternoon,where he . will join J. J. Lynch,of Louisville, Plant Superintendentof the Central Home system, for thepurpose of making an inspectiontour of the Company's property inMason, Fleming, Nicholas, Harrisonand Scott counties, over which MrVeatch has supervision.Mrs. Elizabeth Argo, recentlycelebrated her ninetieth birthdaywith a dinner at her home on Henderson street, prepared by herself.At the dinner were her sons, OliverArgo and W. C. Argo, of Bourboncounty; her two brothers, Elias B.Claypool, aged 84, of Robertsoncounty, and Jesse Claypool, 74 ofHuntington, West Va. The dinnerwas featured by a birthday cake,containing ninety candies.life Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayHENSON.Jessie Henry Henson, aged fiftyseven, died at his home near CaneRidge, Friday, following a short illness of pneumonia. He is survivedby one brother, Clem Henson, ofMontgomery county, and a -sister,Mrs. George Mitchell, of Kansas.The funeral was held Saturday afternoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the Millersburg Cemetery. 'BEDFORDFollowing a long illness from acomplication of diseases, Mrs. LouBedford, aged seventy-five, died at5:30 o'clock, Sunday morning, atthe familv residfTins rf pQnrinWnnstreet. Besides her , husband, JohnC. Bedford, Mrs. Bedford is survivedby two brothers, Lon and Jule Bristow, both residents of Covington.The funeral was held at 12:30o'clock yesterday at the residence,with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of .the Paris Christian church. The body was takento Carlisle for interment in the Carlisle Cemeterv. The n iwere, J. Markland, B. Lovell, RayHarris, George Harper, Jules Mansfield and Royce Taylor.Maybt wt can match that trCoat and Vest with a pair off ourExtra Trousers-i -These Prices ShouldInterest You!." -!,.BUTLERFire, Wind and lightning Insnrance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANoWE HAVE THEM.At last there, are plenty of genuineFord parts in Paris. Just received abig shipment. Now is the time toiepair your Ford.WHITE FRONT GARAGE.(17-tf)SOLDIER'S BODY IS EN ROUTEHOMEMr. John Cain received a telegram yesterday from the War Department, advising him that thebody of his son, James Cain, whowas killed in battle in France, hadbeen shipped from Brooklyn, NewYork, to Louisville, the distributingPoint, from where it will be sent toParis.On arriving at Louisville thebody will be taken in charge by thelocal Post of the American Legion,and sent to Paris, accompanied by aguard of honor. At Paris the bodywill be received by Bourbon PostAmerican Legion, and after appropriate services at the Church of theAnnunciation, will be given burialin the Catholic Cemetery with fullmilitary honors, ..Wv' . . -.? Tfihtrk viFINE BOURBON LAND AT AUCTION, FEB. 18.The 245-acre farm belonging tothe estate of the late Miss SallieRogers will be sold at public auction on Saturday, February 13, atten o'clock, a. m. The sale will beconducted by Auctioneer George D.Speakes. This is one of the finestbodies of land in Bourbon county.See display ad.JOHN W. JONES,(14-2t) Agent for Heirs.oCITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSAt the regular meeting of theCity Council, held in the CouncilChamber, Mayor E. B. January presiding, after disposing of routinebusiness, Dr. W. T. Brooks, of thedrug firm of -Brooks & Snapp, appeared before the Board and enteredan objection to paying an additionallicense for selling paints. Dr.Brooks declared that sale of paintshad always been recognized as partof the drug business. The Councildid not meet his point of view andthe City Attorney was instructed tomake the usual collection.Postmaster J. Walter Payne againrequested the Council to have signsplaced on the street corners, bearingthe name of the street, and also topass an ordinance compelling thenumbering of all houses, many ofwhich, he said, were numberedwrong. A committee was appointedto confer with Mr. Payne as to themanner in which this work shouldbe done.The wildcat whistle at presentused on the motor fire apparatus was ordered replaced with aloud gong. An order was placedwith Price & Co. for new uniformsfor the police and firemen.The Young Colored Men's Clubwas granted permission to give adanceat the U. B. F. Hall, on Eighthstreet, on Washington's Birthday.Owners of automobiles were allowed ten days grace in which tofamiliarize themselves with the existing traffic laws, -after which timethe said laws will be strictly enforced. Mayor January was ordered toborrow $5,000 to take up an overdraft in bank.Charles E. Butler, aged sixty-six,one of the best known citizens ofBoursbon county, died at his homeon Second street, in this city, ateight o'clock Friday night, after along illness due to chronic nephritis.Mr. Butler was a son of the lateJeptha and Margaret Johnson Butler,most of his early life being suent onthe farm, near Paris. He receivedhis education in the schools of theday, and began business for himselfwhen quite a young man. Mr. Butlerfilled the office of Clerk of the Bourbon Circuit Court and for a time wasin the drug business having purchased the stock of Dr. J. A. Wilson. Formany years he was a successful breeder of Shorthorn cattle, and in lateryears had been engaged in farmingnear Paris. He was a member of thefresoyterian church, haying becomeidentified with that denomination atan early age.Mr. Butler is survived by hiswidow, formerly Miss Mary Shipp, ofParis, two daughters, Mrs. Charles A.Duncan and Miss Frances Butler,both of Paris, one son, Charles E.Butler, of Dayton, Ky., one brother,Lane Butler, of Fayette county, andone sister, Mrs. J. C. Morrison, ofWest Virginia.The funeral was held at 2:30o'clock Sunday afternoon, at the family 'home on Second street, with services conducted by Rev. T. S. Smylie,pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch. The burial followed on thefamily lot in the Paris Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were: M. F. Kenney, J.A. Butler, C. M. Thomas, Hiram Redmon, Dr. Wallingford, Wm. Lyle, E.K. Thomas, George R. Bell.SOLARJohn Raymond Solar, aged twentyeight, one of the proprietors of theParis Ice Manufacturing Co., died athis apartments in the Windsor Hotel,in this city, at 1:30 o'clock, Sundaymorning, as the result of an illness ofseveral days from pneumonia and appendicitis. The direct cause of hisdeath is said to have been peritonitis.Mr. Solar was the son of G. T.Solar, of Ft. Thomas, Ky., a wholesale coal dealer of Cincinnati, andwas a son-in-law of Attorney B. F.Graziani, of Covington. He came toParis about one year ago, with hispartner, Mr. Earl Pendery, and tookcharge of the Paris ice plant. Inthat time he made a host of friendsby his strict business dealings, courteous, affable manner and a jolly disposition that saw the bright sidetjofthings. He was a member of theGolden Rule Lodge, F & A M.ofCovington, and of the Indra Consistory No. 2, Scottish Rite Masons, ofCovington. He was a man of genialimniilsPR and cheerv disnosition.whoni it was a genuine pleasure -to jKnow.Mr. Solar is survived by hisCovington, a daughter, six years old,-J l, Jr. nr.T.onfo TW-r. o A "Mve CI T1. Iixiivx uia jjaiciiW) aixj.. aim initio u j--Solar, all of whom were at his bedside when the end came.The body was taken to Covington,on the 8:10 Louisville & Nashvilletrain Sunda'v morninsr. -The funeralwill be held at the h'ome of hisiainer-in-iaw, xj. x-. vxidiam- ovEast Second street, in Covington, this( Tuesday ) aiternoon, wren servicesconducted by Rev. Roy H. Kleiser,pastor of the Scott street Methodistchurch. The interment will takenlaia in TTvororPPn flpmAtprv. Onv-ington, where committal services willbe conducted at the grave by theIndra Consistory Masons. Theburial will be private.NEW TOWN ADDED TO REO BUSLINEWe Purchased 25 Dozen Extra HeavyGIFT TO WELFARE LEAGUEThe Bourbon County Health andWelfare League will benefit to theextene of $100, which sum was donated at a recent meeting of theParis Tobacco Board of Trade, ofwhich Mr. John M. Sturgeon is president. The League is in need offunds with which to 'carry on its relief work, and tho o-?f .nm r,bacco men is one of a very timelvandP,cceptaWe -nature.- Vtf??Sharpsburg has been added to thelist of Central . Kentucky townsreached by the Reo Comfort BusLine, from Paris. See the time-tableof both lines, published in this issueof THE NEWS.WATCH OUTFORSATURDAYFEBRUARY 1&OVERALLS JACKETSThis grade, made from 8-oz. denim, regularly sells for $2.00 per garment. To bekept busy (luring our usually dull season, we offer these for$1 Efl PerPliWU GarmentSizes 32 to 44. Sale lasts ten days if the overalls are not sold before that time.Our Sale of Men's and Boys' Suits and Overcoats continuesand there are still bargains that you won't be able to getlater. Speed up!We are letting the pace in Shoe Values for Men and Boys.If you haven't gotten your pair, come on!LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street " -1 Better Values in Men's and Boys' WearWt have Received a Beautiful Selection off Classy Spring Caps$1.50 to $3.00SOME ADS READMIGHTY FINEBut When it Comes Right Down to the BEST PRICES and theBEST GOODS you always You Always Get Them at OurFEBRUARY AND MARCHCASH SALEv. HERE IS A SPECIAL THAT IS A SPECIALmmm . ,9 ft. x 11 ft. 8 in. Stenciled Jap Rugs$4.35Regular value $7.00. Brand new goods. See our middle window. BUT. REMEMBER Our whole stock of Housefurnishings is in this sale.THE J. T.HINTOHCOMPANYSixth and Main StreetsEitherphone 36&'! , - - r - z r 1-In Our South Window Will Be Found a Beautiful Rockerwith this Card On ItGUESSING ROCKERThe person guessing nearest the actual weight of this RnpTrr tpounds and ounces will receive the Rocker absolutely TOiffE If two aretied the guess that is first taken out of the box will receive the Rocker. The only condition to this contest is that you fill out the couponin the corner of this ad, or a similar one in the Kentuckian-Citizen aaddeposit in Guessing Box at our store. All other guesses will be thrownout. No one knows the weight of this Rocker. Contest open , to- all.Contest closes Saturday, February 18, at 6:00 p. m.I Guess the Rocker Weighs ...lbs ozyName - . 'Street and Number : v. . ;' or Rural Route ...:....-.Town ....: State.Write plainly)o-trf I j ""?:-lj'r J s- -' hS ipa ..'"vHPAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, ' PAlRIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY FEBRUARY, 14, 1922TA JCUNOICEHT GIFT(Continued from Page 1)jinia adding the usual request forlots of closet room, plenty of lightand good ventilation, and gave hima contract for the work."There is one thing I like aboutour architect's plans," remarkeduncle, as they left, "and that is they"won't- be of the usual stereotypedvariety, for his training and association enables him to suggest the latest ideas in home building construction, 'furnishing the latest improvedbuilding designs in vogue. Thatmeans something, you know.""Let me see," exclaimed UncleHenry," before we go any further,I'm thinking the next thing to lookafter is lumber for your house andother improvements we want, sosuppose we drive over to theBourbon Lumber Company. I have knownthem for a long time and I'm surethey'll give us a square deal. Theycarry the roost complete stock inthispart of the country, everything fromhills to shingles, and from tree toconsumer. Their motto is, ''Everything to build your home.""They have the best yard inaris," continued Uncle, after making the young folks acquainted with-vJr, BeaJe Collier, the SecretaryTYSRgurer, and Mr. W. E. Collier,the manager of the company, "whereyou' can get anything needed for ainodern house, as they take ordersfor all kinds of interior work andgrills to order, as they operate theirown planing mill and can turn outanything desired. Their goods arealways uniform, the milling" is per-feet, and a point I especially like is,all their flooring, rustic, ceiling and.nishing lumber is kiln dried andthat means your home won't shrinkapart, ae so many houses do. Theyoperate one of the best up-to-datetnilia in the country for hardwood,such, as quarter-sawed oak, cypressand pine, used in interior finishing.Then all their finishing lumber iskept under cover, and that's whatcarpenters like nice, dry lumber.Their yards are backed lip by thebest mills in the country, so theirstock is always up to the minute,and as for prices, there is no yardaround here that can quote the lowprices which the Bourbon LumberCompany can quote. People wanting to build, as a rule, like to seewhat they can do, but invariablythey come back to them for all theyneed.""That was certainly some lumberyard," exclaimed Paul, as they rodeaway."Indeed it is," Henry answered."They have a big investment here,and this big business was built up bygiving their customers just a littlebit better grade at no higher pricethan could be obtained elsewhere.I've purchased my lumber here foryears.""What jolly fellows they were,"remarked the Major. "What!""Both W. E. and Peale are wellliked here," assented Henry, "andthey are doing a lively business.Peale is our new Sheriff now,and if you brought over some goodold Canadian Walker or Real Scotch,keep your eye 'pealed," or he'll getyou sure.""Poultry, fruit and bees make agood combination for a small farmer," remarked uncle, "which remindsme of another good conundrum, Virginia, Mr. Collier handed me theother day. Why is a beehive like abad potato?""I haven't ben able to think ofanything but those pretty Paris girlsI saw at the depot last night," saidPaul."Nice thing for a young marriedman to say," laughed uncle, "butyou get busy with some grape nutsand think it over. Or, mabye I'lltell you after a while. You remindme.""Seeing you have the lumber arranged for," said Paul, "I guess thenext thing will be to look for theplumbing. Where shall we go?""The leading lumber of Paris isT. W. Spicer, 314 Main street, andhe is a cracker-jack, too," emphatically remarked Uncle. "We'll justrun down there for a moment and Iwill introduce you. You'll find hima very agreeable gentleman.""I don't pretend to know everything," continued Uncle, after introducing the young folks to Mr. Spicer,"but when I want plumbing andheating work done I want a firmwhich bears a State-wide reputationfor honest work, who charges forthe exact articles and time consumed, and doing business along theselines is what keeps Mr. Spicer apretty busy man. Now let's selectyour fixtures."At Henry's suggestion they selected a Pembroke tiled in bath tub,a standard head shower and needlebath with complete temperaturemixing valves; a Coulex porcelainenameled wash stand and a 'Devoro'toilet with sanitary seat."Seems to be mighty busy firm,"commented the colonel. "He is theman we want if we can get him" replied Henry," but his time is alwayscontracted so far ahead we will haveto see. He put in the plumbing forthe homes of Catesby Spears, Mr.James Doty, on Pleasant street, andHouston Rion, on Second street,"Billy Clark, on Pleasant street, andx better work you 'won't find anywhere. Then he installed the plumbing in the Tiome of Mr. Wm. Grannan, Tenth and Main streets, andhas several jobs under way, so yousee he is some busy man.""He is a plumbing, heating andventilating engineer in every senseof the word, and from experience Iknow that whan he does our plumbing and heating work we will havea sanitary house and fixtures thatwill be an ornament to any home.And while we're here, suppose youpick out one of those Detroit Jewelgal-ranges, for it will last you a lifeSpicer is well 'liked here," con-tlajMd Henry as they rode away,' "fqjggkg.Js am expert, intfiaitaUimgtaUam amd hot water heating systems, and his prices are so Treasonable that nobody ever kicks about histreatment. He is a mighty nice manto deal with.""Now the next step on our program is to buy our furniture," saidHenry.Entering The J. T. Hinton Co.'sbeautiful store, a few minutes later,they were taken in charge by Mr. E.T. Hinton and courteously shownthrough the various departmentsthat very much pleased "Virginia bythe display they found there. Itwas interesting to watch her expressions of pleasure as she journeyedfrom floor to floor making her selections, for she soon had chosen ahandsome parchment suite with atriple vanity dressing table for herown bedroom, another suite of American native walnut with chifforobein period style for Uncle Henry'sbedroom, a handsome mahoganysuite with dressing table, for herguest room;- a mahogany davenporttable with rocker, a mahogany daybed and Pullman suite in taupevelour for her ijyiig room, a tenpiece Queen Anne period suite inmahogany for her dining room, amahogany spinnet, a set of GlobeWernicke book cases ,and a ChaseLounge easy chair for hubby."Now, what kind of covering doyou want for your floors, Virginia?"he inquired."Why, I'd like Klearflax rugsfor my bedrooms, for being made ofpure flax they are so sanitary, andFrench Wilton rugs fop my diningroom and for my library" she. replied. "Y6u couldn't select more durableones," he assented. "For buyingthem direct from the makers, theirprices can not be equaled anywhere." Entering the wall paper department on the main floor, with Mr. Albert Hinton's expert advice and helpshe soon selected her tints and wallpapers for the various rooms, thatwould harmonize so well with herfurniture."And here are two other important household articles, said Henry,a McDougall Kitchen Cabinet thatwill save you many useless steps, andan Automatic Refrigerator, with water bottle, that will pay for itself inno time. And pick out several ofthese beautiful library and floorlamps; they do much to add to thecoziness of a home.""Gracious me!" Virginia, exclaimed, as they stood waiting forDave to start the machine, "I couldhave stayed in there all day, therewere so many beautiful things to admire as well as wish for.""You're only voicing the opinionof the majority of the people ofParis," Uncle Henry replied. "Youknow it is a fine store, for they carryeverything in the house furnishingline from the lowest to whatever youchoose to pay, with every article absolutely as good as they guarantee.You know they also have anundertaking department undercharge of Mr. William 0. Hinton. They have been establishedsince 1860, and they certainly merittheir well-earned reputation for reliability and service. Remember,Virginia, their motto is: 'Our Responsibility Never Ceases.' ""Do you know, Uncle Henry,"said Paul, as they turned into Mainstreet, after bidding good day to Mr.Hinton, "When Virginia and I weremarried, I was many days trying tothink of a suitable present weddinggift. I gave her a nice set of furs.""That was all right, son," replieduncle, "only you weren't quite up-to-date.""Why, in these modern days, withsteam roads, electricity, autos andelevators, all on the lookout for ahuman victim, is only fair and rightthat a young wife should have somefinancial protection, don't youthink?""You mean life insurance?" heejaculated."Exactly." replied Henry. "I hardly think l there is a woman to-day,with average common sense, thatwouldn't sigh with heartfelt reliefif her intended husband should placein her hands a life insurance policyfor a wedding gift. So as you haveevidently neglected this little girl,we'll run over to the NorthwesternMutual Life Insurance Company ofMilwaukee. Wisconsin, suite 201-202 First National Bank Building,and ease both your minds on thatscore."After meeting Mr. R. F. Clendenin, the associate general agent, ittook but afew moments for Paul tomake out his application for a 20-year endowment life policy, with thesmiling assurance of Mr. Clendeninthat as soon as the formality of amedical examination was gonethrough with, his policy would beimmediately in force. "You know,'Our Service is Our Pride' " he smilingly concluded."That is some of the best work wehave done to-day," exclaimed UncleHenry, as they waited for the Car."I for one am a firm believer in lifeinsurance of all kinds, and carryingmy own policies .with the Northwestern Mutual, who have no foriegn business or foreign investments,I naturally think it is good enoughfor you also. It's a good policy youhave, that matures in 20 years, andif desired, pay, back to you all themoney you have deposited, less thecost of insurance to that date, thusmaking it a savings account with incidental protection, and as for themortgage on your lots which you assume to-day, you can readily see,that with your policy equal to andeven more than the mortgage, if youshould die, 'even your second premium is due, your home is clearf rqmw dept . with- a surplus besidesBesides you are In a company "that is-noted for its solidity as well as conservative management, and havinggilt-edged assets of over $507,000,000 with $2,350,0000,000 of insurance in force, you don't have towonder why 40 to 50 per cent oftheir new business yearly, comesfrom the old policy holders, for theypaid dividends to policy holders lastyear amounting to $19,126,000.""Some pleasant gentleman," remarked Paul as they rode away."Indeed he is," answered Henry,"and one of the most successful lifeinsurance men in the United States,having twice led over 6,000 agentsin the number of lives insured.""What shall we do next?" inquired Henry, as they waited for Daveto oil his rocker arms."I think," said Virginia, as sheslipped while trying to get into theauto, and came near falling, "I mustget some shoes while we are downhere."".That's a-good idea," said he."Come with me and we'll go downto Harry Linville's, 507 Main street.He is our best and most exclusivedealer in footwear, where I havepurchased my shoes ever since heStarted in business, and know he willdo better by us than any one else."Upon reaching the store and meeting Mr. and Mrs. Linville, Virginiaquickly npiced a, fine display andshe could no resist the temptationto purchase a sw$l pair of phoes forherself and she certainly had achance to be well pleased, for jthepewere all styles of Jthe famous JohnKelly Shoes for women Stacy Adams Shoes for men and the famous'Ferris' shoes for little children andHolland shoes for boys, and 'GroundGrippers' for both men and women,at prices that Uncle Henry said,"considering the quality were betterthan anybody else in "town "couldoffer,""They handle the best line ofI shoes in the city, even to their children's department, which is incharge of an expert with years oiexperience in fitting children,'' emphatically remarked he, "but that isnot to be wondered at, as they measure your foot by the Dr. Scholl system, giving you a shoe to fit yourfoot, and they are the only shoefirm here who attempt to carry ashoe to fit every foot, or in otherwords, they guarantee satisfactionor your money back and they haveso many designs to offer for thebeauty and style of the Stacy Adamsand John Kelly Shoes are unexcelled in America. Their springstyles are going to be one of the finest showings they have ever made.""That was certainly a beautifulstore," remarked Virginia, as- theyrode away."You're right -there," answereduncle. "For it is considered one ofthe most artistic shoe stores in thispart of the State. Their patronsare made comfortable while beingwaited upon and always go awayknowing that they have the bestshoe value possible to obtain. Theyhave given foot comfort to manypeople also by the use of their Dr.Scholl's Foot Appliances for Orthopedic Ailments and the courtesy andpatience they have shown in tryingto fit and please the customer is amatter which is much discussed andgreatly appreciated throughout thecity. I like to trade there.""Uncle Henry," said Virginia, asthey bid Mr. Linville good day,"what about that watch you promised me when I got married."I believe I did promise you onegirlie," he replied, "and "I'll proced to make good. 3 see by THEBOURBON NEWS thatWre & Fithian have some splendid" bargains, sowe'll run down there and let youpick one out. They have the bestjewelry store in town, being established in 1866.""I'm the produest girl in Kentucky," she exclaimed, as havingmet Mr. William Shire and Mr. C NFithian, and she had with WShire's able assistance, secured anElgin "Avia" Wristlet watch."And here is something else Iwant you to have," said Henry "Achest of sterling silver, with thisbeautiful "Virginia Carvel' patternfor you'll find it will last you a lifetime." Having selected her chest of silver, Virginia fairly went into ecstacles over the splendid assortment of1VJV0ilet sets' gold silverwareand ebony goods carried, and she declared that their cut glass shelvesrepresenting Libby's finest ware'sparkling under their myriad of electric lights, "was just like takine- npeep into fairyland."uncle pleased her so much whenhe selected for her a handsome silver toilet set, with initial monogramordered, was also a beautiful mahogany mantel clock for their library. "Wasn't that a beautiful assortment of diamonds though?" she inquired, as they rode away. "The finest and largest stock of high-gradediamonds in Paris," Henry answered. "Mr. Shire is a real diamond expert, and carries an assortment thatis remarkable for its quality, jutand price.""I admire the attractive appearance of their store, and I like theircourteous treatment," -commentedPaul"Courtesy alays pays In this mworld," answered Henry. "Like airit's the cheapest; thing we have, yetit pays in the biggest dividendsShire & Fithian do a big businesshere, for people have learned thattheir word with an article is a proper and safe guarantee as to itJ1" They also have a splendidrepairinand-manufacluflnkno'or-'der department, and their stock is always kept up to meet the demands ofa discriminating public, and theyrun their business on two excellentprinciples "we keep what you wantand at the right price,' and that willwin success for anybody, anywhere,anytime.""The next step on our program,"said Henry, "is to arrange for financing your home, towards which I willadd my 'little mite,' so we'll just rundown to the Peoples Buliding andLoan Association, and I'll show youyoung folks how we financier overhere in the Sunny South."Arriving-at the association, Henryintroduced the young couple to Mr.G. W. Wilder, the president, and Mr.F. W. Galloway, the secretary, afterwhich he requested Mr. Galloway tomake a transfer of his share in theirbuilding and loan department overto Virginia. It took but a few moments for Paul to make out his application for a $4,000 loan and witha few other preliminary detailsproperly attended to, they bid Mr.Wilder and Mr. Galloway good-dayand left."There didn't seem to be anythingcomplicated about that," commentedPaul, as offering his cigar case touncle, they both lit cigars."Of course there wasn't" answered Henry. "It was as simple as that'Shingle Puzzle' I gave Virginia thisthis morning. With many others whodeposit from $1 to $50 per month forinvestment purposes. I have beendepojJiP regularly for some yearsthe" sum of $10 a month", which hasnetted me on an average of 7 percent per annum, so '"Wait a minute," exclaimed Paul."In Canida we are content with 5 percent, and think 6 per cent just ashade of a risk, We would be afraidof anyone who offered us 7 to 8 percent.""I know you would, my boy, butyou are now in a real live city ofthe great American South, where wework our money hard. As I was saying, I have quite a sum to my credithow by many years' systematic, regular 'never-let-the-month-go-by.' deposits against which I have drawn$2,000 as my 'little mite' towardyour house, which we estimated tocost $8,000 exclusive of the lot. Torepay this you will pay back $63.33per month for 75 months. At theend of this time you have paid backyour $4,000 and your interest costyou less than 6 per cent. And whathave you? Instead of possessing abunch of rent receipts, you haveyour own home absolutely clear.""It is wonderful," he mused, "howmuch the Peoples Building and LoanAssociation has done towards helping over 300 people buy and owntheir own homes here. They areone of our most progressive financial institutions, yet are thoroughlyreliable in all their dealings. Theiraverage running expense for theyear ending December 31, 1921, wasless than 1 per cent, of their income, and their assets have grownfrom zero in 1914 to over $140,000without foreclosure or loss of anykind, and if that doesn't show soundfinancial management, I'll treat.""Uncle," said Paul, leaving Mr.Galloway, "I like Virginia to keepinformed on the topics of the day.Where is the best place to buy booksand magazines?""Why, we'll step up to the ParisBook Company, 432 Main street,"promptly replied uncle. "They keepall the latest books, as well as thelargest line of stationery, school andoffice supplies and fancy goods intown.""Goodness me!" exclaimed Virginia, upon reaching the store andmeeting Mrs. C. D. Webb, the proprietor and Miss Carrie Marsh."Wouldn't it take a while to read allthese books? I see right now, uncledear," exclaimed she, "where it's upto you to put us in a library of modern fiction, for there are so manylate books here which I have neverread.""That's easily done," repliedHenry, "for good fiction I think, isone of the cleanest forms of entertainment we have and here is an assortment that is kept right up todate.""This is such a nice, clean lookingstore," remarked Virginia, as having selected a box of dainty gifts tosend back home, she waited forher' light purchases."You're right there," replied he"Mrs. Webb has a nice store, and always strives to keep her stock up totheminute. ane has nn nMo aasistant in Miss Marsh'? also, for herunfailing courtesy has done muchto win and Tceep friends with theircustomers. Then, as you can see,they carry a complete stock of stationery, gift books, gift cards forevery possible occasion, place andtally cards in an endless variety.They do a splendid business in picture framing , also, for Mrs. Webb isreally an expert who understandsand knows how to appropriatelyframe a picture, and4f I were you,Virginia, I'd pick out some nice formof engraving for your new visitingcards."What delightful ' people," saidVirginia as they left. "I enjoyedthem so much."Mrs. Webb is one of the few goodbusiness women I know," said he,"who, when serving you. make von'want to come back again."It's a striking anomaly, what astrong personality plus brains willdo to win success in this world,"mused he. "In the 11 years Mrs.Webb has been in business here, I'llwarrant sne nas, made more laatinfriends and warm supporters of herusmes than any other roman inpublic life here. But .she knows herbusiness thoroguhly, and that's whatcounts.""We must not fail to send outour laundry to-day," said Virginia,as they finished luncheon."Why not go over to the laundry?" asked uncle. "We have a fewmoments to ppare. We'll stop at theoffice, 14 West Sixth street and leaveour order with Mr. M. H. H. Davis,then we'll run qver to the works 141West Seventh street, and I'll showyou just what the workings of areally modern and up-to-date, laundary are that we are mighty proudof."Arriving at the works of the Bourbon Laundry, and after meeting Mr.T. M Funk, they were taken incharge and courteously shownthrough the plant, evincing much interest in the many machines thatwere laundering shirts and collarsand family washing by the thousand."My, what a lot of machinery theyhave here," remarked Virginia, asthey stood watching the eight various machines a shirt was finished by."I should say yes," replied Henry."Few people in Paris realize theBourbon Laundry is the model placeyou see it is. Neverthless, they employ a large number of hands, turnout thousands of pieces of workevery day and have all the very latest machinery from the big Betz100-inch flat work ironers up to andincluding the dry tumblers and hugeconvey6r dryer you see over here bythe wall. All their laundry is carefully and thoroughly washed, whichis something I like and they takesuch splendid care of ladies' waistsand fine lingerie, that there is genuine pleasure in opening up a bundleof Bourbon laundry everything isthere, properly laundered and notworn out."This is as nice a little laundry asI've ever been in," interrupted Virginia, "and did you notice what anexceptionally nice class of employeestheyjiad?""It's the most model laundry inthis part of Kentucky," repliedHenry. "In light and ventilation,they have done much to promotehealth and welfare of their employes, which goes far toward turning out the high grade of work theyare noted for."As you see, their laundry is absolutely sanitary, and is always openfor inspection. In fact, they areanxious for the public to visit theirlaundry, where one can see that noinjurious chemicals are used andwhere they have the latest machinery known. They turn outfinishedfamily washings at a much less costthan a private laundress can do it,and a point I especially like is theyare so careful in sewing on buttons.They have a fine delivery systemalso, for I've always found themwilling to go out of their way ta givegood service, which is winning forthem admiring customers. Now,suppose we say good-bye?""I wish you young folks wouldcome with me for few moments,"said Henry, as they left the laundry."There is a little business I wish toattend to before the closing hour."Arriving at the Peoples DepositBank and Trust Company, uncle introduced the young folks to Mr. S.E. Bedford, the President, Mr. C. K.Thomas, the Vice-President andCashier, and Mr. Geo. L. Doyle, theAssistant Cashier of the bank, afterwhich he deposited a thousand dollars to the young folks' credit as anadditional gift to begin life on."The Peoples-Deposit is the largest and most progressive bank inthis section of the State," he said,"being established since 1851, andwith which I have done business foryears. While they are conservativein all their dealings, yet their reliable methods of doing business havewon for them the confidence of theentare community."I see by their latest report theyhad on hand resources close to$422,500.00. Then again, their deposits of around $913,000.00 aresomething any bank should be proudof, showing the absolute confidenceof all classes of people in this institution." Uncle also insisted on Virginiaopening a personal saving account."And see that each week adds something to it," he said. "Money aheadgives one independence. It bringscontentment for the present andlends a sense of security to the future. The best way to learn thevalue of a dollar is to go try andborrow one, but the person having asavings account here drawing 3 percent, interest doesn't have to dothat.""Confidentially in my will, whichI made last fall, I have the PeoplesDeposit Bank and Trust Companynamed as executor of my' estate. Thebusiness way that these experienced'men have been settling estates especially attracted my attention so Idecided it cheaper and safer to havethis bank settle my estate insteadof some individual.""The Peoples-Deposit is one of thebest banks around here," continuedHenry, as they lit their cigars afterleaving the bank. "When you consider their wonderful steady growth,it speaks well for the confidence reposed in them. They are members ofthe Federal Reserve Banking system; in fact, every department isunder direct supervision of the United States government. They do a bigbusiness here, for with their immense resources they are able tofinance any kind of a propositionthat comes within the scope of goodlegitimate banking procedure. Ihave carried my accounts ' here foryears." '"We can't ko to housekeepingwithout good things to eat," remarked Paul. "Where do you think wecan get the best deal in groceries?and get them fresh?" '"We'll iust ride down to PigglvWiggly, 707 Main street, where youiwill find the best things to eat, and:which is one store in Paris where-quality counts, and and I'll introduce--you," replied uncle, "and as they run'one of the busiest stores in the city,they are selling goods fast enoughto keep everything fresh on theirshelves."When they reached Pggly Wigglythere was an up-to-dateness about itthat attracted Virginia's attention,and after they had looked around ana.contracted for their goods, they decided Uncle Henry was right again,for they found besides the best andlargest stock of Del Monte and BurtOlney & Company's canned goods ixuthe city, a fine line of Maxwell Housecoffees, Lipton's and Tetley's teas,imported delicatessen goods,, everyline of staple dry groceries, a fineline of fresh fruits and vegetables inseason, the famous 'Henry Clayflour, Swift's Premium hams anoT bacon at prices which Henry assuredthem were lower than anybody elsein town could offer.Upon leaving, Virginia remarked f"Well, at least, I'm quite sure weshall live well, for with the privilegeof trading with a firm like PigglyWiggly, one' can have no excuse fora poorly provided table.""Right again, my dear," said uncle. "They are a firm whose word isgood, gnd I notice that their customers always stay by them, for theyhave, to my mind, a most attractivegrocery; it always seems nice andclean. They have only been in business here some six or seven weeks,but you will like to trade here, forif you will notice, everything is under sanitary covers, and, therefore,free from dust. I like their 'Self-,Serve' method, also, for there is nowaiting to be waited upon. Anotherthing you may well remember,, thePiggly Wiggly stores operate 60stores in 195 cities, yet in every oneof them, you will always find samegoods on the same shelves and compartment in every store. They do abig business here, for you can alwaysmake a saving of from ten to twentyper cent, and that is worth looking'after.""Paul," remarked uncle, as theyleft Mr. Perry, "you probably think:you know it all, but a business manin these days must have a knowledge of up-to-date business methods, so we will drive over to Lexington and visit the Miller School ofBusiness on Main Street just infront of the court house. They havea splendid Commercial School, in oneof the most modern business homesin the State, over the WoolworthStores, and from a personal acquaintance with a large number ortheir students, I know that when:they graduate and leave the college,they are thoroughly competent totake a position of the greatest responsibility." It was only a thirty-minute runto the city, uncle pointing out theprominent homes en route. Afterarriving at the college and presenting the young folks to Dr. E. G. B.Mann, the president, and Miss MaudMiller, the vice-president and superintendent of the school, uncle continued: "Their course of training is verythorough and, during the time thatthe school has been here it has graduated a large number of students,who are very successful businessmen and women. They teach theGregg system of short hand, givingpersonal instruction to every student, and it does not take a lifetimeto learn it, for they use the mostimproved method of teaching withthe 'touch system' of typewriting,In addition they use the new Dictation Method in shorthand wh,VHmeans dictation from the first rinyou enter school.""Do you mean that the Millerjtuaents are able to take dictationfch"ol?"he fim day they enter"Exactly so. Another feature inwhich this school leads is its practical training department wherethey give special training on the adding machines, which includes thestencil cutting, dictaphone, etc Every student serves as office executiveand supervises the work of otherstudents in his charge before accepting a position."hnZV?MythingL is so beautiful andhome like, and in such good taste "exclalmed Virginia. "I would notmind coming here myself. Are theircharges reasonable?"blerpnii0?668 6 Very reasonaDie, replied Henrv. "nnnBM.j .2?e?S 2 ! Action andtteyfHnc, ilr. yaLluaase or. the best fam-with Jhe CUy and State' In fact,with a few exceptions their students are High School and CollegePeople. They have a 7rL f,ment of students, which fact speakswell for their work, for their instruction is so efficient that they areable to place every graduate studentm a paying position, m fact duringiLey ?a7e ?ad as may four callsw omuenis m one day. They are?fflr tthrougout the State as the1T SCh00lr The tech themost thorough and up-to-date banktog system together with the usualauxiliary studies and their course ofthe twentieth century bookkeepingis the best known. Because of thedemand they have recently mUhUshed an advanced accounting department in which corporation andcost accounting are taught."(Continued on Page 7)--TUESDAY, JMRUARY 14,'1S22A MUiriHCian;, GIFT( Continued on Page 6)"Uncle Henry," said Paul, asthey left Miss Miller, "Virginia andI had a bet coming down on thetrain from Cleveland and I lost.Have you a good candy store in Lexington?" "Where do you suppose you are,anyway?" replied Henry. "Still inToronto? You come with me and I'llshow you a candy store that forTieauty and quality, cannot be excelled even in the big cities."Entering McGurk and O'Brien's"beautiful candy store, 106 WestMain street, a few moments later,uncle had Miss Mahoney select forVirginia an attractive box of theirfinest candies."While we are here," said Henry,"suppose we have a hot chocolate,for they serve such dainty, tastefuldrinks here, and such delicioussandwiches, salads and pies, betterthan your mother used to make, thatit is no wonder it is becoming ttierecognized social place to meet. Isn'tthis a perfect place?""Indeed it is," replied Virginia."I don't think I have ever been in amere attractive one. Everythingseems in such perfect taste and harmony. And isn't this chocolate delicious?" Having finished, Mr. O'Brien kindly offered to take them back andshow them how their candies weremade."I like to eat candies where Iknow they are made in as sanitary aplace as this," remarked Henry."Then all the materials they use,sugar, eggs, cream, chocolate, etc.,aie of the strictest purity. A prettygood name for this establishmentwould be to call it "The QualityShop.""That was a mighty busy place,"said Virginia, as they rode away,"and what an assortment they seemed to carry. They must do an enormous business.""They do," Henry asserted. "Theyhave the most popular candy andsoda store in Lexington, for in addition to making their own candies ofrecognized purity, they make theirown ice cream ices, and fancy cakesfor parties and banquets, and besidesbeing the favorite luncheon place inLexington for out-of-town- shoppers,it is the only place in the city whereyou can find holiday favors for everyoccasion."They have a splendid reputationas Caterers, also, which Mr. McGurk kaS exclusive charge of, doingall the catering work through Central Kentucky, for no party, weddingevent or banquet is considered complete without their catering. In fact,the first meal held in the LafayetteHotel to 200 of their stockholders,was served by McGurk and O'Brien.1 go there often, when in the city,for their luncheons are deliciousand reasonable.""Well, this has been a prettystrenuous day," remarked Virginia,as they were having dinner thatevening. "But I have had a most delightful time.""I thought you might find it a little tiresome," laughingly repliedHenry, "so I've sort of reserved a little treat for you to-night.""What on earth can it be?" exclaimed Virginia. "You have me interested." "I'm going to take you to theGrand Opera House," replied the oldman. "I hear they have a fine showto-night."They arrived at the Opera Housejust as a film was being finished,and during the short intermissionUncle Henry remarked:"You can say what you like, butI like moving pictures like theyshow them here. Did you notice howclear that last picture was? Well,they are all like that, absolutelyflickerless, made so by the use of twoof the very latest Power's 6A machines, the best electric, automaticmachine in town, and a certainly admire Mr. Sprake's taste in giving hismany patrons pictures that pleasingly instruct, amuse and interest onewithout the slightest of vulgarity.They also operate the Alamo Theatre for their matinee, showing thesame films here in the evening."As they were walking home afterthe performance Virginia remarked:"Well, I certainly enjoyed that performance for that music was fine. Itwas a treat, and such a pretty place,but is it always crowded like that?""It's just the same every nightfor Mr. Sprake is making manyfriends by his choice of good films.""It must cost something to get upa film like 'The Sheik,' " interruptedPaul."I guess it does," responded theold man""but expense is no objectwhen a good film has to be produced. Mr. Sprake has some very finebookings wTe must see, as MiltonSiels and Ann Forest in the 'FaithHealer,' February 15th; Wm. Duncan in 'Where Men Are Men,' February 16; Constance Talmadge in'Wedding Bells,' February 17, and'The Golden Snare' with an all-starcast, February 18. Then duringFirst National Week, they show PolaNegni in 'Passion February 22 and23. We must see them all.""I say, Uncle Henry," said Paul,"I've been mulling over that bally'Single Puzzle' you gave us to-day,and I've got it, by jove! It's 'Trinity!' Am I right, what?""Not by a long shot, son," he replied. "Where do you find 'Trinity'in that puzzle? I said the answerwas printed in the .four lines of thepuzzle, ril bet the cigars Gene gotit though.""Of course I did," she laughinglyreplied. "It didn't take me over aminute."flkj-:Well, what was it? 5' Paul persisted."That's telling, my dear; and Iwant you to surprise our dear uncleby solving it yourself. Think itover;" and she laughed merrily athis discomfiture.The young folks appeared at breakfast next morning feeling much refreshed after a good night's sleep.And then lingered over breakfast,Uncle outlined the plans for the day."Now, what shall we do first?"asked Henry, as they entered themachine."Do you know, uncle!" exclaimedVirginia, as they rode up Mainstreet, "I think you have a wonderful little city here and T know weare going to like the people verymuch, but I had one regret in leaving Toronto. I was taking chiropractic adjustments and of coursewas obliged to give it up, and,"sighing wistfully, "I was getting somuch good from them.""That's easy," replied Henry."We'll run over and call on Dr. S.P. Mohney, our D. C. here, in theMasonic Temple. He has earned asplendid reputation in the six yearshe has been practicing .here, and Iknow you will like him."While Virginia was engaged inconsulting Dr. Mohney, who is agraduate of the Palmer School ofChiropractic, Paul asked, "Uncle,just what is chiropractic?""Well, my boy, it is a scientificmethod of adjusting the cause of disease without rugs or useless surgery,based on a correct knowledge of anatomy, and especially the nervoussystem. The Chiropractic idea isthat the cause of disease is in theperson afflicted and the adjustmentin correcting the wrong that is producing it. The function of everyorgan in the body is controlled byinnate intelligence. Any impingment of these nerves, interferingwith the transmission of mental impulses, results in an abnormal function called disease. This interference is produced by vertebrae beingout of place causing a pressure uponthe nerves as they pass from thespinal cord. The chiropractor isable to locate the point of obstruction or interference, and by meansof adjusting the vertebrae corrects ithe cause and normal conditions orhealth is the result. Simple enough,is it not?""Now, while Virginia prepares forher adjustment, let us have Dr.Mohney show us what a well appointed place he has."Why, I had no. idea that Paris hadsuch a chiiopractic office as this,"Paul remarked as they waited in themain reception room, while Virginiahad her adjustment. "Wonderful!what?""Indeed it is," replied Henry."But it all is necessary in Dr. Mohney's wonderful practice. As younoticed, he has two private restrooms for his patients, with an adjusting room, which enables him toadjust a large number of "patientswithout confusion. In fact he hasthe most modern equipment in thispart of Kentucky.""How do you feel, Virginia?" heinquired, as she appeared."Oh, fine!" she replied. "I feellike one of those 'new women' youread about. Are you boys ready?""Where to now?" inquired the Major, as they emerged from the Masonic Temple."We have almost overlooked abet," replied Henry, "and it's thebiggest convenience in a woman'slife.""I know," laughingly replied Virvinia. "It's a sewing machine!""Wrong," replied he. It's electricity for you to read, iron, washand sew by, so we'll drift over tothe Paris Gas and Electric Company and sign up for your metersand service from the street.""Some difference between thebeautiful light of those Mazda lampsand the old-fashioned kerosene lightI can remember as a boy on thefarm," remarked the Major, as Henry conducted them back to Mr. C. L.Steenbergen, the manager."It is the most marvelous achievement of the century," Henry replied,aftef introducing the young folks,"and we are fortunate to be living inan age that makes of electricity thewonderful servant it is. It is theolder generation, I think, who moedeeply appreciate, the wonders ofelectricity and gas, for in my mother's day, a woman's work was realdrugdery. Then it was wood firesexclusively, tallow dips or kerosene,and a broom or mop. To-day, wehave the wonderful Automatic GasRange, that performs its functionsautomatically, the electric sewingmachine, the electric iron, washingmachine and ironer. The Cozy Glowheaters to. quickly take the chillfrom a small room, the electricvacuum sweeper, the coffee percolator and many other handy devicesthat really make a woman's lifeworth while.""How about our service here,''Virginia asked, as they rode away. !"Is it good?""Indeed it is, my dear," Henry replied. "We are very fortunate herefor the Paris Gas & Electric Company are up on their toes all thetime, to give .the people of Paris aservice that is reasonable in priceand always dependable, for one oftheir largest engines is always keptin reserve in case anything shouldgo wrong. They are constantly extending their service as fast as thegrowth of the city demands. 98 percent of our families, as well as allour industrial plants use 'their seriYice;forM ron-gae-tkeir current iTHE BOURBON NEWS,brought rightto your door, why notlet it come in?""Using gas from Central Kentuckycertainly beats the old time methodof skirmishing around a cold woodshed on a zero morning, as I wasraised to endure," interrupted Paul."What!""There is no comparison, my boy,"replied Henry. "Like .electricity,washing machines and telephones, itis a twentieth century luxury thathas come to stay and its utility andluxuriousness is enjoyed by the major number of families in the city.It's convenience is cheap at most anyprice.''"Uncle Henry," said Virginia, leaving the Gas Company, "is there aplace in town where one may get afacial massage and a shampoo?I'm greatly in need of both.""Yes, indeed," replied uncle," atthe Marinello Beauty Shop, 516Main, just across the street, you willfind experts in massaging, shampooing, manicuring, etc., and they really do excellent work. So I thinkwe will find some innocent amusement and will call for you later."Entering: the Marinello some timelater, Paul averred that he wouldhardly have recognized Virginia, ifhe hadn't left her there, her facelooked so fresh and pretty from hermassage."Mrs. Paton and Mrs. Reed treated me so pleasantly, too, remarkedVirginia, as they rode on, "and theprices were so reasonable. I had alovely combination facial and scalptreatment. It rested me wonderfully for I was so tired. She used theirMarinello Combination Cream, andI've brought a jar along with me,for she said it was fine to build upthe tissues, whiten the silken andmake good foundation for facepowder. Don't I look pretty? AndI had a beautiful manicure and ashampoo with soft water, for theydried my hair so nicely. It justfeels fine. I'm going there often fortheir scalp and dandruff treatment,for I like their work very much.""Without question," remarkeduncle, "Mrs. Paton has1 a well appointed beauty shop, and I haveheard several ladies speak veryhighly of her work. She has a splen-did clientele, for with her fine lineof Marinello preparations and herhair goods department, that she haspersonally conducted for over 40years, wherein she makes to orderswitches, extra pieces, bobs, and specializing on white hair, she has,without question, an establishmentthat deserves the high-class patronage you see there. How do you likeher work?""Oh, fine! She thoroughly understands her business and has everything so sanitary with all the modern appliances necessary. I also liked her method of sterilizing all herbrushes, combs and instruments,"Virginia declared, emphatically."Now," said Uncle Henry, "before we go any further Virginia, klwant you to buy a few things foryourself, so come with me and I'lltake you into The Leader Department Store, as it is the smartestplace of its kind for young girls.They also have a department for theStylish Stouts.""That doesn't fit me," laughedVirginia. "I only weigh 10."Upon entering the store, Uncle introduced Virginia and Paul, and, after a pleasant few minutes' chat,called the head saleswoman, whopersonally showed them aroundamong the different departmentsthat are of such interest to ladies oftaste and breeding. Virginia was almost dumfounded by the many beautiful things she found there, andshe bought a very handsome furtrimmed suit from their winterstock, upon which there was theslightest alterations to be made; animported black dinner gown, severaldancing frocks, with a luxurious furcoat to wear over the beautiful velvet afternoon gown she could notresist. She also selected a daintyoutfit of Vanity Fair silk lingerie,several pair of Onyx silk hose, a 'BonTon' corset, some Van Raalte silkgloves and many other dainty littlethings which appeal so irresistiblyto every woman.While doing her shopping andmaking her selections of a chic FiskSailor and a nifty 'Blue Bird' hat direct from New York, Virginia washeard to exclaim: "Isn't The Leadera beautiful store for a city the sizeof Paris? It looks just like a Fifthavenue shop in New York.""You're right, it is," replied uncle,"and that's why I brought you inhere. They always keep so wellposted on the latest styles, and withtheir excellent alteration department, give a lady service that is unexcelled. If you notice, every garment and hat is kept in dust-proofcabinets, and every garment sold isguaranteed to be exclusive and correct in fit and style, all their goodscoming from the leading tailoringand fashionable dressmaking establishments of the East."This is one of the prettiest storesI've ever been in, and I'm glad youbrought ,me in here," Virginia exclaimed as they walked out to thecar, "for you are going to find thatI am quite a shopper, Uncle, dear.""That's one of the chief delightsof being a woman, little girl," laughed he. "I know you'll always get satisfaction at The Leader, for no matter what you buy, they insist thatyou be perfectly satisfied with thepurchase or bring it back, and thatsort of treatment wins frinds andkeeps them, anywhere, if persistedin. You look real stunning in thatI new fur choker," he added admiringly.',FAfR8.: KENTUCKY"While we are about it, there isone important thing , I wish to attend to," said Henry, "and that is toshow you where to get good bread.So we'll ride over to the Drury Baking Company, 809 Main street, andI'll make you acquainted. It is always open for inspection, for theycall it "he home of the sanitarybread." They do the best bread baking around here, making upward of4,500 loaves weekly of their famousDrurey's Milk Loaf, made with milkand old Fashioned Home-made SaltRising Bread, which is made with amother's care.-At Virginia's request, after meeting Mr. J. Fred Hill, the sole owner,they were taken back into the factory, where, as Paul aptly remarked,they were mixing up the "biggestbunch of dough" he had even seen."There is one important thing Ilike about this bakery," remarkeduncle, as they left the big mixingroom, "after watching the huge mixerdischarge 500 pounds of snowy whitedough into two receiving troughs,"and that is the absolute cleanlinessand sanitary conditions you will always find here. Then again, as youcan see, all their bread is made entirely by machinery, and after baking is wrapped by machinery in sanitary parchment wrappers. All theirflour and they buy that by the carload, sugar by the ton, and eggs bythe hudred cases, and other materials used here are the best thatmoney can buy, and as for ovens,well they have one of the finestelectric lighted ovens in this part ofthe country.""That was a bakery, wasn't it?"said Virginia, as they left. "Andwhat a lot of flour they had there!""The best bakery in the countryaround," replied uncle. "They havespared no expense in giving the people of Paris and the immediatecountry around, a bakery that inproducing their famous Milk Loafand Salt Rising bread they strivefor one thing, 'the highest in quality,' first, last and all the time.They do a big business here, for besides their delicious breads, theymake all kinds of cakes, pies andfancy pastry. They operate their.;own auto delivery to 99 per cent, ofthe grocers here who use theirbread, and if such a demand is notbased upon quality, then I'll treat.""Pshaw," exclaimed Virginia, asher shoe caught in the auto, andtore the heel off. "I just thoughtsomething would happen like that.Now we'll have to go back to thehotel while I change to anotherpair!" she exclaimed disgustedly."Never mind, girlie," repliedHenry, soothingly, "it's only a minute's ride over to Foster's ElectricShoe Repairing Shop, 624 Mainstreet, and he'll fix 'em for youquicker than David Harum couldswap horses.""Shall we leave them and comeback?" she inquired. "My hosewon't show in the tonneau, youknow.""Well, hardly," replied Henry."They will have that heel on before you could run around the block.Here we are."Uncle Henry introduced thecouple and explained what Mrs.Churchill wanted. "I told her wecould wait," he added."Why, certainly," Mr. Foster answered. "It won't take Frank buta very few moments to fix the heel.Just be seated.""Didn't he put that heel on slick?"inquired Paul, in admiration of thespeedy repairs."Why, of course," Henry answered. "Why shouldn't he? Raleighhas the best shoe repair shop intown, and with Frank Harris, hisassistant, they are kept busy all thetime, for as you perhaps noticed,they have a fine array of machines,using the Imperial Peerless Champion Machine for stitching and TheProgressive Finisher which flare thebest ones made, for the quick andneat repairing of shoes. One thingI like about their work is, theynever 'cobble' a shoe they build itup, sjD it looks like new, for theirshoe repairing is the kind that satisfies and lasts, for all their work isdone by themselves, and they take ajustifiable pride in building up ashoe so that it looks like newlybought, and the part that interestsmost of us now days is, their pricesare more than reasonable. Theyspecialize on doing repair workwhile you wait, and they enjoy thepatronage of the best people in thecity and country around. I heard alady say just the other night shesent all her party pumps and twotone shoes to Foster's when in needof repairs and they come back looking like new.""Children," said Uncle Henry,leaving Foster's, "seeing we have allour household goods and our furniture arranged for, I don't think itis safe to take any chances with fire,so we will just go around and seeHinton & Ward, in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building, 'our leading Fire Insurance agency, and arrange with them. They are thoroughly reliable in every respect, sowe can depend upon getting squaretreatment in case anything kappens.Thev handle all kinds of insurance,including fire, automobile, in thebest companies, against fire, theft, liability, property damage and collision, accident, plate glass, steamboiler, burglary, windstorm andsurety bonding, so they will knowhow to attend to us if we should burnout. Then they represent so manyoldline companies, too. They1 haveAmerican Fire Insurance Company,The Security, The North River, TheMaeaachusetts Mutual Life Insur-BSSBBOanMiHBHHHBHFor Constipated Bowels, Sick Headache,)Sour Stomach, Bilious LiverThe nicest cathartic-laxative inthe world to physic your liver andbowels when you have Dizzy Headache, Colds, Biliousness, Indigestion.or Upset,Acid Stomach is candylike "Cascarets." One or two tonight will empty your bowels comm ,. ,,-. Iance vjo., xne ivj.nwauK.ee iviecuanics and many others to select from."After introducing the young folksto Mr. W. O. Hinton and Mr. JamesClay Ward, Virginia was givenher policy. Paul remarked as theyentered their auto and rode away:"We certainly got quick actionthere, did we not?""That is on account of the systemthey use," Henry replied. "It didnot take Mr. Ward long to have ourpolicy made out, and that is what Ilike, for it shows that he knows fireinsurance.""Was he not pleasant?" said Virginia, as driving down Pleasantstreet, they waited for Paul at atthe postofnee to get some stamps."You certainly have some agreeablebusiness men in Paris.""Indeed we have," replied Henry,"and Hinton & Ward stand veryhigh here for the honorable treatment they give policy-holders whencalled upon to do so. They specialize on service and cut out red tapeand that is what a policy-holderlikes quick action and results."Mr. Ward is a new addition tothe firm," continued Henry, as theyrode on. "He's a graduate of theUniversity of Virginia, and afterserving 15 months in France as FirstLieutenant of the 15th Machine GunBattalion, he married upon his return and was with the L. and N.Railroad for about 16 months, butHinton wanted him and with hisability and enthusiasm, he's going tomake some of these old fogy insurance men here sit up and takenotice.""Say, Uncle Henry," remarkedPaul, "I've been using up gray matter for an hour or more trying tofigure out that bee puzzle you gaveus yesterday. Why is a beehive likea bad potato?""Why," laughingly replied the oldman, "a Deenive is a beeholder, isn'tit? And a beeholder is a spectator,isn't he? And isn't a spec-tater abad potato?""That, will cost you four goodcigars," laughed the Major, "forVirginia and I are too young to standfor a joke like that.""Neverthless," chuckled the oldman, "1 consider that a pretty goodjoke, and it's on you.""Good;" exclaimed Virginia, clapping her hands. "Did you get it,Paul?""Get what?" he inquired."Why, that's the answer to the'shingle' puzzle Uncle Henry gaveyou yesterday morning.""Well, I'll be darned," he exclaimed, "and to think I didn't seeit in the first place."They entered home that eveningtoo tired and weary for words."Well, Virginia, we sure did somehustling to-day, didn't we?" inquired uncle Henry, as they took thestairs to their floor."Indeed we did, uncle," repliedshe, "and honestly, I don't knowhow we are ever going to repay yourloving kindness. It was so good ofyou, and we met so many nice peoplehere. One thing is certain," shefirmly declared, going up to the oldman and putting her arms aroundhis neck, "when we get our housefinished the biggest, best and mostcomfy room of all it going to beyours for keeps. Good night, uncle,dear," and kissing him, she whispered: "How could one help lovingyou?"The old man gazed at her retreating figure as she walked slowly toher suite, then throwing back hisshoulders as though he had discovered a new world, murmured:"And I'm twenty years youngerto-night, with those kids loving me,if I'm a day. God bless 'em." Adv. iNOTICETo Owners of Ford Cars:We have opened our new Garage on High Street,next door to the Big Four Garage.We are putting in a full and complete line ofGENUINE FORD PARTSIf you are in need of a used Ford car or truck thisspring it will Day you to see us first.All repairing guaranteed to be first class.The Commercial FORD GarageBedford, Bryan & Archdeacon, Props.r PAGK SEVENmmmmmsessam'pletely by mornimg, and you willfeel splendidly. "They work whileyou sleep." Cascarets never stir youup or gripe like Salts, Pills, Calomel,or Oil and they cost- only ten centsa box. Children love Cascarets, too.(tf-T)CORNSLift Off with FingersyDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottlaof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)Income TaxRETURNSOFIndividualsPartnershipsCorporationsPrepared Byt-i . w. MANNRoom 203First National Bank Bid.PARIS, KY.(24jan-tf-T)FLORALAGENTFlowersFor AHOccasionsGotten onShortNotice.Phone MeYour Order.Jo S. VardenAgent) F?CYm" . twv v4 .v1.,PAGE SIGHTTgE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTOCKYTUBSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1922There is plenty of work. -TheTtrouble is that too many men aredemanding eight dollars a day to:fill four-dollar. jobs. 'JSacrificeSaleof Entire Stock IsStill Going OnOvercoatSpecial$20.00 Overcoat frIO flfi$25.00 Overcoat friC flft$30.00 Overcoat (Tin Ofk$35.00 Overcoat Ml flflKo!!;cal.$24!00$42.50 Overcoat frOJJ Cfl$45.00 Overcoat M"7 rtfj$50.00 Overcoat frqn fin$55.00 Overcoat MO Oft$62.50 Overcoat Ml CflS75'.'$45!00Outing Flannel$1.00 Night Shirts "7Cnow do$2.00 Night Shirts M CHnow 3I.0U$1.50 Pajamas M flf$2.00 Pajamas (M Eftnow 4M.UUPrice & Co.MATRIMONIALA Record of Ban Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByBROCK ROE-Miss Rosa Delia Brock, twenty-PARIS 11STIM0NY. HomeProof, 5ere-Ther- and - LEverywhereWhen you see Doan's Kidney Pillsone, of Bourbon county, and William recommended in this paper you mostThomas Roe, twenty-one, of Shelby always find the recommender a Pariscounty, were granted marriage resident. It's the same everywherelicense Saturday at Winchester. ! in 3800 towns in the U. S. FiftyThey were married shortly after byithousand people publicly thankRev. MP. Lowry, of Winchester. ; D what other k reAfter the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. .Reo left for Shelby county, where can Sive thls roof of merit' honthe bridegroom is engaged in f arm- esty and truth? Home testimony'in& must be true or it coum not De pub-lished here. Then insist on havingOWEN GALLOWAY ' I Doan's. You will know what youi At his home in this city, Rev. C. ' are getting.H. Greer, pastor of the Paris Meth- i . (jodist church, performed the cere-j O. T. Sprake, contractor and car. mony uniting in marriage Miss Pau- penter, 304 Main street, says: "Ijline Owen and Mr. Jesse E. Gallo- have been a sufferer from kidneyway, both of Bourbon county. The trouble for many years, but" Doan'sonly witnesses for the ceremony Rid pms he medicine IA a n ft Z nn nf h v i nil ATtfAvr mnfAWwere Miss Marian Gallowey, sisterof the bridegroom, and Mr. AlvinOwen, brother of the bride. Imme-have ever been able to find. Theyalways give me fine relief and Idiately following the ceremony can L recommend tnem too nigniy. iMr. and Mrs. Galloway left for a have been in bad shape at times andshort wedding trip, after which they backache caused me to lay off 'workwill go to Detroit, Michigan, to for several days. I was greatly an-make their home. noyed by tlie frequent passage ofMrs. Calloway is the attractive the kidney secretions which contained a sandy sediment. Whenever Ihave any need for such a medicine Idaughter of Mr. Clay Owen, of nearParis, the family moving here fromClark county. The brideerroom is apopular young man, the son of Mr. use Doan's Kidney .Pills and itand Mrs. Grant Galloway, of Bour- doesn't take them long to fix me upbon county. Both the young people in good shape."have, a large circle of friends and ac- Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tquaintances in this and adjoining simply ask for a kidney remedy getcounties, who are extending their Doan's Kidney Pills the same thatvuugi mutation ana gooa Mr Sprake had. Foster-MilburnCo0ATTEND THE ROGERS SALE FEBRUARY 18, AT 10 A. M.sincerewishes.Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)One of the best farms in Bourboncounty, comprising 245.08 acres, belonging to the estate of Miss SallieRogers, in the Cane Ridge vicinity,will be sold at public auction Saturday, February 18, at ten o'clock, a.TEACHERS' MEETINGThe Bourbon County Rural Teachers' Association held an all-daymeeting in the Clay's Cross RoadsSchool house Saturday. At noonm. Sale conducted .by George' D; luncheon was served by the teachers,Speakes. An opportunity of a life Miss Susie CI nfl Btime. Read display ad in this issue.JOHN W. JONES,(!4-2t, Agent for Heirs.oAGENTS WANTEDWebb, and the Parent-Teachers' Association of the Clay's Cross Road$' and Houston schools. One hundred'guests were present.The speakers were George M.ajr4i,4. i 777 nn . 'Baker, Superintendent of the Fay-J .lg n fry $ per we. ette County Schools; Dr-J- w- Bi-Htf 5 m Z WT,n T"1 ley, president of the Fayette CounSn6 ,Pf7TMlXt ty Board of Education; J. MolerEureka Mfg. Co., East St. Louis, IU.McVey, County School Superintend-Unless Mr. Ford can invent and ' fnt fBTUrbn TCount Su?er",-cfjK i, ,j. , ,. j tendent J. W. Lancaster, of thedis tr bute the folding pocket auto- Bourbon County High Scho'ol ftt MiImobile the problem of how to avoid lersburg, and Miss Marie Collins, ofthe loss of automobiles through the Bourbon County Red Cross Sotheft will remain unsolved. i ciety.ffSAVE REAL MONEYAT OUR SEMI-ANNUALCLEAN SWEEP SALE !Closing our entire stock of Shoes, Rubbers and Oxfords at pricesweeping reductions to realize ready cash. Buy now and save from20 per cent to 40 per cent of your shoe money.READ THIS PARTIAL LIST!A great lot of Ladies' $3.50, $4,00 and$5.00 Shoes, all sizes in the lot.Clean Sweep Sale$1.99A great lot of-Sad Tan and Black English Boots and Oxfords, values to $5.00Clean Sweep SaleS2.95-Ladies' ShoesLadies' $4.99 Boots and OxfordsReduced tojLadies' $1.49 House Slippers.nowVLadies $2.00 House Slipporsnow ."Children's Shoes$3.45: 99c$1.24Misses' $2.99 Tan BootsnowMisses' $3.49 Tan BootsnowBoys $2.99 Tan Shoesnow v.Infants' SI. 49 Patent Shoesnow$1.99$2.49$1.99$1.00Men's Dress Shoes..$1.99$2.49.$3.95$4.85Special ! Special !Special Men's Work 'Shoes a real moneysaving shoe smoke or tan leather. flexiblesoles while they last, Clean frl QQSweep Sale , J .JJJJSpecial Men's Snow - Excluder fri QQ4-buckle Arctics sale price Jl.UUMen's $4.00 Tan ShoesnowMen's $4.50 Tan Shoesnow 'Men's $5.99 Quality ShoesnowMen's $8.95 Quality ShoesnowDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reignj,??4Alamo Theatre-Grand Opera HomeNow .. TodayThe book that amazed and thrilled the country!Now the year's greatest screen sensation!Todayn - J JC5JCLLA5KV PRESENTS &Mm -Sllltel garamountgidure ; j"-rS- V. t-fisx T-it, -z &7kJ '1,1..--. - tM'r -I? ... v.- i - -rr s - fs-tmii - v.5i- --A STORY of love thatflowered in a desert oasis.Out of hate, in a pampered society belle who mether master.Out of revenge, in a wilds.tKf ,ffU I "WkTincr nViio-ffiiiTi whr. V. n 1 .Ii - l -rr x I er W.-.4" T. r r. 1 1N -r- V-SiVi" '". JVUC1Y I1U WW UUl Ilia Will.SWi '-CSr-- ..Vyffift .,uw .?&&Hz-2jp-kxvv5--wrnk"'HEW? A )?cm M v"t5-Jv-Nothing approaching itever seen on the screen.From the World's Best Selling Novelby Edith M. HullScenario by Monte M. KatterjohnHalf The World Is Reading The Book The Other Half of The World Is Either Singing The Song orPlaying It On Their Piano, Their Victrola or TheirPIayer-Piano And' All The World Will See "THESHEIK!"INote Our BargainMATINEE 1 Adults 30c; Children 20c (War tax included)NIGHTS Adults 50c; Children and Gallery 25c (War tax inclided)Tomorrow, WednesdayJesse L. Lasky Presents aGeorge MelfordPRODUCTION"The FaithHealer"A PARAMOUNT PICTUREWilliam Vaughn Moody's mighty drama, beating like a great heart on thescreen. All its thrills of life and inspiring beauty LIVED by a cast includingMilton Sills and Anne Forest. Photoplayby Mrs. 'Vaughn Moo'dy and Z. WallCovington, Also Larry Semonin "The Bell Hop"And Pathe NewsThursday, Feb. 16thWILLIAM DUNCANand EDITH JOHNSONIN"Where MenAre Men"" A Red Blooded Story of Redv Blooded People in the GreatOpen Spaces; Full of Love,Romance and Adventure.Also RUTH ROLANDin "WHITE EAGLEand "Topics of the Day"TIRE TRUCK OVERHAULEDThe city's auto fire truck, whichwas kept following the purchase ofthe new auto pumper, has been thoroughly overhauled by members ofdepartment and placed in first-classcondition. By the aid of some additions to the truck the large extension" ladders, which have been kepthanging on the wall at tlie department headquarters, have been placedon the truck, and may.now be takento fires .when needed.?i a im n 1 1 rj..T, t 1 1 r.j..t.,i.,T 1 1 t..t..t.,T, T T T--g--B. utmmmfffGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceDay137BOTH TELEPHONESNitfht299fl t Illllll4L. . vi-- ...eiltfffc ir . a ,&Or tLjJL&M'- m.Y r ' t- -s.TRA -J fW - ,-.Tw 'vVt "'j.-- fv , V'v" "SSC' Z?.r r--a?V - -V- s-