PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.)' .VOLUME XL! IPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY. APRIL 18, 1522TAJIIS BOYS' CASES CONTINUEDINDEFINITELYBy agreement of attorneys repsenting the defendants and the'Commonwealth, the examining "trialof John Clay and-Robert Burnett,younj? Paris men, technically charged with manslaughter, was continued indefinitely by Judge E. H. Doakin County Court at Lexington yesterday. The continuance was granted because of the fact that William Jennings, who "was injured in the collision between the car driven byMessrs. Clay and Burnett and themotorcycle driven by Victor Adams was killed in the accident,which is the basis for the manslaughter charge.Colonel John R. Allen represented,Messrs. Clay and Burnett and appeared for them when ,the case wascalled by Julge Doak.MABCH WEATHEE IN APRILApril has apparently absorbed alarge part of the weather properly'belonging to March. High winds andTieavy rains have played havoc withthe farmers' work, retarding springvery greatly. Stoner creek has beenout of its banks twice from recentTieavy rains. Bourbon county farmers report a great deal of damagefrom high waters and wind storms.In some localities fencing was wash-ed away, water gaps destroyed, andtobacco beds suffered where theywere planted orf hillsides. Therewas no hail in the county. Heavywinds prevailed yesterday.PARIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESBeginning to-day, April IS, at2:30 p. m., a series of lectures onthe subject of Vocational Guidancewill be given at the Paris HighSchool. The first of these lectureswill be by Capt. Bethurum, U. S. A.,on the subject of "Advantages andDisadvantages Offered by the Armyand Navy."Capt. Bethurum is a graduate of"West Point. He is at present theCommandant at Kentucky University. On "Wednesday afternoon Prof.E. S. Crouse, of Kentucky University, will give the second lecture ofthe series, subject, "Mining andMetallurgical Engineering.' Thislecture will also be given at 2:30.It is the plan to have two lectures teach week. All these lectures will.Ise open to the public free of charge.To-night at 8 p. m., the last meeting of the Lyceum Course will begiven at the High School. Thisnumber will be "The TempleSingers.";'0Je Know Row"SPRINGOPENINGDISPLAY OFREADY' TO - WBRCLOTHESNew Stylesof outstanding distinction and merit.New Woolensof" unrivaled excellence in appearanceand quality.New Pricesthat conform to pres- ent ideas of economySport and ConservativeModelsMitchell &BlakemoreMiCHAriS-STERN2COMMERCIAL CLTJB ACTIVITIESxAt a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Paris CommercialClub, held in the unices of the Peoples-DepositBank, the 'CommunityChest plan was given an emphaticendorsement. After discussion of thepros and cons of the matter the directors recommended the plan as themost sensible method of taking careof the different -organizations whichare dependent upon popular subscription for survival and continuance of activities, rather than separ-'jate drives or campaigns throughoutthe year.The directors recommended thatthe drive for the Community Chestshould be made during the latespring or early fall, and that chairmen from all the civic organizationswhich are dependent upon popularsubscriptions for their ' supportshould meet at an early date andplan a budget of their probableyearly expenses in order that theunited drive may be made with somedefinite amount as a goal.A committee composed of CatesbySpears, chairman; Dr. Chas. G.Daugherty, A. B. Hancock, James M.Caldwell, Samuel Clay, W. D. McIntyre and J. W. Jones was appointed to confer with the Fiscal Courtand other local authorities in regardto employing a full-time Health Officer for Bourbon county.R. H. Keltner, of the HockenbuVySystem, conferred with the directors concerning a new hotel projectfor Paris. No action was taken atthat time on the matter.At the request of the Commercialclub three delegates from the boardof directors of the Bourbon CountyWoman's Club attended the meetingana aiscussea tne co-operative advertising campaign recently promoted by a Lexington -paper and participated in by the Bourbon CountyWoman's Club. The Commecial Clubdirectors decided that the participation of the Woman's Club in the advertising campaign would be detrimental to the business interests ofParis merchants, and asked that thedelegates os inform their organization. At a subsequent meeting 'theExecutive Board of the Woman'sClub voted to abide by the decisionof the Commercial Club and withdraw from the campaign.Wet ground Saturday causedpostponement of the game scheduledbetween the Paris -Pirates and theNorth Middietown High School team.The game wilFTje played at a laterdate. Capt. Arthur Hancock, Jrisdetermined to takethe scalps of theNorth Middietown warriors, even ifhe. has to engage some NationalLeague players to turn the trick. 'REAL ESTATE DEALSAuctioneer Anson Squires,, ofParis, conducted a successful sale -ofreal estate last week in Campbelisville, Ky., disposing of seventy twobuilding lots at good prices. Mr.Squires predicts good business inreal estate for this season.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney coldSaturday afternoon for Master Commissioner O. T. Hinton the houseand lot at the corner of Main andTwelfth streets, belonging to the estate of Mrs. Lucy Letton, to GarrettJefferson, for $7,080.A cottage located on Massieavenue, belonging to Mrs. F. E. NelFon, of Seventh street, was soldpublicly Saturday afternoon by Harris, Speakes & Harris, to J. E. Galloway, for $1,300.Rev. W. V. Cropper, formerly ofParis, now pastor of the ShelbyvilleMethodist church, who recently underwent an operation for appendicitis, is improving rapidly, which willbe glad tidings to his many friendshere.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, returnedfrom Holliday's Cove, West Virginia, where he closed a successfulrevival meetin. Tlie meeting, closedwith a total of fifty-four additionsto the church, all but nine being byconfessionCouer de Lion Commandery,No. 2,6. Knights Templar, in fulluniform, attended the Easter servicesat St. Peter's Episcopal church, in abody Sunday morning. Rev. W. S.Cain, rector, preached a special sermon at 10:45, and a program ofspecial Easter music was renderedby the choir.Mrs. Lawrence Price has purchased of C. P. Mann, his residence onSouth Main street, and will get posession on May 15.oAMERICAN BELIEF FUNDA meeting will be held- at thecourt house in Paris, on ""'Thursdayevening, April 20, at eight o'clock,in the interest of the Armenian Relief Fund. Addresses will be madeby Rev. Frank M. Tinder and JohnW. Jones, of North Middietown.All the pastors of Paris churchesand the citizens of 'Paris are invitedand expected to attend this meeting,whjch has 'or Its object renewingof interest in the raising of t a' fund"for relief of the, 'guttering Armenians.DEATHSlift Ii But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Unit Payi- WILLIAMS .Paris friends and relatives received news Saturday of the deathin Phoenix, Arizona, of Wright McD.Williams, aged forty-five, formerlyof Cynthiana. Mr. Williams was afirst cousin of Attorney , John jJ.Williams, and a brother of LawrenceWilliams, formerly of CynthianV,now residing in Arizona, and wellknown in Paris.Mr. Williams was a son of Mr.and Mrs. F. H. Williams, of Cyrithiana, and is survived by his mother,familiarly known in Kentucky asMrs. Lizzie Williams, who now resides in Williams, Arizona, a shortdistance from Phoenix. Mr. Williams had been connected with thePhoenix, (Ari.) Gazette, and the ElPaso, (Tex.), Times, in an editorialcapacity for many years.CHRISTMANMrs. Mollie Christman, aged fifty-one,died Saturday night at 9:30o'clock at her home on the Clintonville pike, after V long illness dueto a complication of diseases.Mrs. Christman is survived by herhusband, August Christman, oneson, Arthur Christman, and onedaughter, Miss Georgia Christman,all of Paris; two sisters, Mrs. PhillipChristman, of Harrodsburg, and Mrs.John D. Marshall, of Louisville;three half brothers, George Straub,Pf Fort Snelling, Minn.; FredStraub, of Louisville; ChristopherStraub, of Louisville.The funeral was held at the Methodist church, at three o'clock yesterday, afternoon, vvfth services conducted by Rev. C. II. Greer. The'nterment followed in the Paris Cemetery. The pail-bearers were: Dr.Wm. Kenney, Wills Jacoby,Jacoby, Jas. Galloway, Royand Dr. S. P. Mohney.GeorgePepperHAG3RMANThe Rev. Barton CampbellHageiman, former President of Hamilton College and founder of Camp-bell-HagermanCollege, died Fridayafternoon at 5 o'clock at his home inLos Angeles, Cal.The Rev. Mr. Ilagsrman wa3 bornand reared in Andereon county, lieattended the old Kentucky University and later Bethany .College, W.Va. He married Miss Mamie Campbell, a granddaughter of AlexanderCampbell, "leader of the Disciples ofChrist.For many years he was a teacherin euiany College and was actingpresident of that institution at thetime he was called to be president'ofHamilton College, which position heheld for five years.In 1903 he 'established CampbellHagerman College on Second street,Lexington. In that year he builtHagerman Hall and later Duff Chapel, both, four-story buildings. Thecollege was closed after seven years.In addition to his educational activities in Kentucky, the. Rev. Mr.Hagerman at one time was associated with Charles P. Williamson inthe Madison Institute, a girls'school, at Richmond 'Va.ASKS $10,00eTFOR FOOT -AMPU-TATI0ITDr. Chas. G. Daugherty, one of themost prominent physicians of Paris,has been made defendant in twosuits filed in the office - of "CircuitClerk Wm. H. Webb, by Isaac D.Morrison, a minor, through his father, Charles " Morrison, and byCharles Mcrrison, acting for his owninterests. Mr Morrison and son arerepresented by Attorney Charles N.Jewett, of Cynthiana.- In the petition of Isaac D. Morrison, he states that in September, atwhich time he was aged fourteenyears and eleven months, he received slight injuries in the yards of- theLouisville & ashville railroad company, in Paris, -when a wheel on afreight car ran over his foot, injurirfgwo or three toes. He allegesthat he was takenby unknown parties to the Massie Memorial Hospital, 'in Paris, and there was, withouthis knowledge, consent or approval,and without authorization by him,-placed under an anaesthetic, and hisfoot amputated by the physician. Asa result of the amputation, he claimshe was made a crippfefor life, andasks judgment in the" sum of $10,000, with costs" and all proper relief to which he may be entitled:The other action, brought by theyoung man's father, sets out thesame conditions, and alleges that,due to the operation, he was deprived of the services of his son, andthat his power and ability to earnmoney before' he arrives at the ageof twenty-one, has become permanently impaired and destroyed, andthat he will be a cripple for life.He .asks judgment in the sum of $1,902. , .r Nobody eyer has to be admonishedto swat the mosquito: -T ' - X ,BASEBALLAll officials of the various clubscomposing the Blue Grass League,will be guests of President Russell,at the opening game in Maysville,between.' Maysville and Winchester,on Thursday, April 20, which marksthe opening of the 1922 season Bus-?iness matters pertaining to theLeague will come up for discussion.Thos. M. Russell, president of theBluegrass Base Ball League, believesthat organized base ball in Kentucky this year is in better shapethan ever before. His league, hesays, has been fully- organized, andthe outlook is for very successfulseason.Six clubs, representing Lexington,Winchester, Mt. Sterling, Cynthiana,Paris and Maysville, make up thecircuit. The schedule for the clubscalls for fifty games for each team,to be played on Thursdays and Sundays. ,The season -is to be opened onThursday, April 20 and close on7 October 12. ,fIn discussing the make up for thedifferent teams, President Russellsaid! "Mt fftnriw w ciCharley Ellis, an old Bluegrass favorite, as its manager. The organization is run by the business men ofthe city with William Jay as president. About twenty men are beingtried out."Lexington, with Jimmie Park, theold St. Louis pitcher and JessieMortonf as business manager, have,from all reports, gotten together agreat team and the city behindthem. ,"Paris is better organized than atany other time in my experience inbase ball. They have 'a good manager in B. F. Goodman, and theirpresident, George Speakes, is one ofthe real boys who loves base ball.JWinchester has a3 its presidentJ. S. Baskets, and Vallandingham asnanager. Winchester had considerible trouble, in obtaining permissionlo play Sunday ball, but the majority of the citizens were finally wonDver and Sunday games will beplayed."Cynthiana is the real wonder inthe league. The club has such menas Claience LeBus, of tobacco fame,and S. Reese back of it. A new parkis being built for the Cynthiana.team."Maysville has about twentv-five men on trial. Claude Watkins is tlfe President and E. L.'Willett, secretary of this club. " N. S.Goskins is the manager. A newpark, which contains about twentyacres is being built."The newly-organized Paris Mammoth team of Blue Grass League -metdefeat at the League Park:, Sundayafternoon in an exhibition game,with the Covington Athletic team,by the score of 4 to 3. The playingof the locals demonstrated the factthat they will be strong contendersin the League race at the end of theseacon. The game was thefrs until ;the ninth inning, when a home run, Iwith a runner on first base gave thevisitors a lead of one run, which !the locals were unable to overcome. 'The game wa3 witnessed by a largecrowd. The batteries were: ForCovington: Rock and Racky; forParis r McCord and Maxev. IoRELIGIOUSA Bsume of Events In ReligiousCircles For Present andFuture- At the pre-Easter "prayer -servicesheld by the ladies of th'e Woman's Missionary 'Society pf theGeorgetown Christian church, Rev.Frank M. Tinder, pastor of the NorthMiddietown Christian church, gavean interesting talk on the subject of"Prayer." The-subject , was developed by Dr. Ira Boswell and Rev. Mr.Tinder. ' "The lecture and entertainmentscheduled for Sunday at the LittleRockk Christian church was postponed until a later date, owing to unavoidable circumstances, which made'is necessary.- o , - .1BIRTHS- Mr. and Mrs. Brice Steele arereceiving congratulations upon thearrival of a little son at their homenear Paris, being their second child.In Covington, -to Mr. and Mrs.L. W. Camery, former residents ofParis, a fine daughter; weight sixpounds. The little one has beennamed Mary Frances Camery. vAt Tampa, Florida, to Mr.and,Mrs. James H. Letton, formerly" ofParis, a son, named William Reynolds Letton. Mr. Reynolds is a na-'tive of Bourbon county, and a brother of Reynolds Letton, of near-'Mil-lersburg.At Millersburg, Saturday, ahandsome ten-pound boy was bornto Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Turner, ofParis. ?Mrs. , Turner was before hermarriage Miss-Josephine Leer;.' ofMM... - w. A ftMiiiersDurr. - - v -?tgrCITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.The recent meeting of the ParisCity, Council developed into awrangling match between severalmembers over the question of wagesto be paid the city employes.Councilman Santen, memben ofthe Finance Committee, maved theadoption of a twenty cents an hourscale for common laborers. Afterconsiderable discussion the matterwas referred to the Grievance Committee. Councilman George Doyle demanded pf City Superintendent Fred Fister where he received his authorityto discharge a number of cit employes and to appoint others in theirplace. Mr. Fister stated in replythat it was necessary to have experienced men to handle blastingmaterial at the city rock quarry.Councilman Santen asked him if anexperienced man was in charge ofthe blasting a few days ago when arock from the quarry crashedthrough the side of a-dwelling on.Houston avenue, several hundredyards away. "Councilman George Doyle gave.. """ "" me pay roil wasI 'J V,Ul Ci.imniiiH miiiv fnr nrwould resignirom Dotn tne Finance and Improvement Committees. Councilman Santen said he could see no use forother committees, as matters pertaining to them werereferred to theGrievance Committee. CouncilmanDoyle said there would be no moneyto meet the salary rolls, as they hadalready reached the limit; that thebanks would loan no more for extra expenses, and that the CityTreasurer had already asked thatthe salary list be held up.The new license ordinance wasadopted as a whole, after a few minorchanges. The ordinance calling forthe improvement of Main street, between Fourteenth and Twentieth,was adopted. Property owners areto pay' one-third, the KentuckyTraction and Terminal Companyone-third, and the city of Paris onethird of the cost. The ordinance ispublished in this issue " of THENEWS.The street is to be improved withpermanent street material, as provided for in the ordinance. Workwill begin as soon as the" contract islet by members of the ImprovementCommittee.Lenine and Trotzky are said bv a Idoctor tohave strong constitutions.But he may have judged by theodor.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERScsc-special :-7After-EasterReductionson our3Pk-:EntireLine' -Of ' ' 'Suits '57-VFRANK &CCE- LADIES. OOTFITTERSJxJL ial&-f.f- sr3rA-AY B-A W-L-LChristmas and the Fourth of Julyhave no tighter grip upon the affections of the male portion of the po-'ulation of the United State thamthe day which opens up' the anxualbaseball season.Business will be carried as usual,probably, injnany placesJbut thertrwill be occasional, perhaps, frequent, mental lapses from the strictest attention to sordid details comnected with the mere accumulatioa.of money..Between April and October, whemthe race is closely contested, theAmerican man and boy and an occasional girl and woman lays one morestick upon the existing load to becarried through the hot term. Butit is one of those added burdeaswhich give pleasure even in the frequent pains of defeat.Between April and October thereis a patriotic obligation to makediligent inquiry that is not to be denied concerning each day's scoreTThe duty of keeping in minoT without error the standing of the teamsis one that may not be neglected.Some details of work or businessmay be temporarily "sidetracked hutnever that of memorizing the standing of the clubs.And who is there to say thatAmericans' zealous devotion to thione great national sport does notmake them the better for it? It provides relaxation and diversion thatmakes existence less hum-drum for.countless thousands.oAUTO SALES - 'The White Front Garage soldand delivered Wednesday to RoyClendenin, a Special Six Studebakercar.The High Street Motor Co., localagents for Dodge Bros.' cars, reportthe following sales- for the pastweek: Touring car to Paul J.O'Connell; roadster, to J. ElmerBoardman, and a touring car to W.C. Bell.oWOMAN'S CLUB WTLKDBAWS--PE0M CONTESTAt the request of the CwinmercialCJub the Bourbon County Woman'sCub has withdrawn from the coopeiative and advertising campaignas promoted by the Lexington Her-aldMRS. WM. G. TALBOTT, Pres.MRS OWEN L. DAVIS, Sec'y."$?-H4rfT" - - ),'-? vvJll:v. jt c LWr ... fWg mrJ U-Iir.-" 'I-sj .-atr-A--Oikt--.-yT- -i r -3" fXl-V- -n$:?V.r.v"r'js" TvK.i1'- '. M. V- ""J, -r. ft-.- -:Tf.trt -""! V -r.--'f, PAGE TWOH: BOURBON jfflSWSgAlOSVKENTIICgrTOTWDAT, AMU. U, 1M34-p'1HE BOURBON NEWSttd 18f i41 Jears of Contiamous PublicationTPifcliilied Every Tuesday and PridayTear $8.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.-IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.C9sitrt4 at the Paris, Kentucky,PMtoffie as Kail Matter- of the1 Seeoad Class.)OUE FOEEIGHJREPEESENTATIVES. JTew York American Press AssoCaicafo-i-Lord & Thomas." . Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.- Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoIiOttisrille Iiowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESncnw or thevspoils sts-- TEM .Here are the records of some ofthe officials of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, who weresummarily dismissed without warning, without charges and without-focratic year.DEMOCRATIC f LAjnIIM TEL1BCITVE MOIESTATES.r 1IATITDCIv 1JK m I I HARecent municipal "-elections inRhode Island, Maryland, Connecticut, West Virginia and Missouri gaverenewed evidence that this is a Dem--' Display Advertisements,- $1.00 periachior first time; 50 cents per Inch..-tack subseauent 'insertion. ,lUading Notices,, 10 cents per line-;-achissue; reading notices in blackTtype 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-aimilar matter, 10 cents per line-Special rates for large advertise"Tnents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved" to decline any advertisement orv other matter for publication.Announcements lor political offices-"aiust invariably be accompanied byvrtHe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofjtny person, firm or corporation-which may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.a hearing by President Harding'sexecutive order, and replaced byJ"Harding Republicans:"Jas. R. Wilmeth, Director of Bureau of Engraving and Printing; ingovernment service 27 years; chiefclek in Treasury Department underformer Secretary of the TreasuryFranklin McVeagh, a Republican.George U. Rose, chief of the engraving division; Republican; 39years in service; would soon haveretired on a pension; dismissal notice served on him at night by special messenger.James M. Fisher, Assistant Director of Bureau of Engraving andPrinting; in government service 29years.John J. Deviny, superintendent incharge of night force; in civil service 22 years; refused offer duringthe war of $7,500 a year in privateemployment to remain in government service at $3,500.ET. H. Ash worth, custodian ofdies, -rolls and plates; in bureautwenty-eight and a half years; commended by investigating committeecomposed of Republicans on the afternoon of the day he was dismissed.Ralph H. Chappell, in charge ofmachinery; ex-navy officer; veteranof Spanish-American War.H. I. Wilson, overseas veteran ofWorld War; left '$3,000 a year placein charge of a bureau to serve in thelate war; resumed employment afterthe war.James A. Chamberlain, foreman ofgarage; ex-service man.?"Mff"W atSINiSilivYOUAs Many-Paris Headers Knows TooWell.IDITORIAL FLINGS!"-" ""This talk of blue blood,' says a" crusty old Paris bachelor, "makesme tired, sometimes. Most of the" - blue blood effect I've seen in Parisseems to " have been achieved by apreparation of liquid chalk andglycerine, and the smearing of lipsand eyebrows with blue greasejpaint."EDUCATION THEN AND NOW,-"" Trouble a comingBut 'twill soon be past;We keep on hoping" There'll be rest, at last, Rest from the labor"fAnd stormy blastAll sing togetherWe'll go fishing at last!Just as certain habits remaineven after they are no longer necessary or useful, so are ideas ,and convictions often entertained whenthey are no longer founded in fact.A man who spends much time outof doors will often when lighting amatch in the house, shield the tinyflame from the wind from which hehas been accustomed to shield itout-of-doors.Ideas acquired in early youth,valid though they may have been atthe time, will often be carried overto a period of time and into conditions in which, as a little reflectionwould show, they have no validitywhatever.The much talked of three. R's aTea case in point. There were oncethe foundation of all elementary education. For the vast majority therewas nothing more to education thanthe three. R's. They began withthem, and ended with them. TheyBurreville, R. L, elected an entireDemocratic ticket by pluralities of500, overturning 192u Republicanpluralities of 800.Hagerstown, Md., elected a -Democraticmayor by 3 60. majority, overturning a Republican affiliated majority of 700; also two councilmen.Hartford, Conn., went Democraticby a record vote, reversing a Hepublican victory of two years ago.The Democratic candidate for Mayorreceived 3,575 majority, and theDemocratic candidate for Controllerdefeated a Republican who has heldthe office for 28 years. The Boardof Assessors is Democratic for thefirst time in twenty years.Benwood, W. Va., answered thequestion, 'IWhat's in a name?" by.electing James Cox, the Democraticcandidate for Mayor over a Republican who had held the offioe forfour terms.Old Missouri showed 'em whenKansas City elected Frank Cromwellmayor (Dem.), by about 12,000 majority and the balance of the Democratic ticket by majorities rangingfrom 1,000 up; Jefferson City followed suit with majorities averaging 500, electing five aldermen, giving the new board seven Democratsand three Republicans.. Five otherMissouri cities elected Democraticmayors Macon, Butler, pulton,Carthage and Sedalia.The significance of these electionsis found in the fact that they repeat the- results of other municipalelections in every section of thecountry; they indicate -as well asanything can indicate the trendaway from the reactionary methodsof the leadership of the-Republicanparty and that Republicans whoare more interested in the welfareof their country than they are inpartnership are joining hands withthe Democrats in an effort to restoreDemocratic economy and intelligence in government. Democraticmunicipal victories in a Congressional year have always been thetrue signs of Democratic nationalvictory in the fall, say the Democratic statisticians.Ms- r jSellWhen the kidneys are weak,Nature tells you about it.NThe urine is nature's index.Infrequent or too frequent pas-.sage. , fOther disorders - suggest kidneyills.Doan's Kidney Pills are for disorJdered kidneys. Ask your neighbor.!Paris people testify to their worth.D. L. Honican, 411 Main street,Paris, says: "A few months ago mykidneys almost put me past going.They were weak and I was annoyed by the frequent action of my kidneys. The secretions were 'highlycolored and passed frequently. Myback ached most all thO time. I, wasrestless at night and couldn't sleep.Myjddneys were in such bad shapethat I began using Doan's KidneyPills, which I got at Oberdorfer'sDrug Store and it didn't take themlong to fix me up in good shape. Ihave never since been bothered andI can't recommend Doan's KidneyPills any too highly."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply" ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney PiUs the samethatMr. Honican had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)All kinds of household goods.Special price on a 4-piece Bed"Room set aleauty. Come and see it.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(aurl5-tf)Cumb. Phont 402.EGGS WANTEDFOR RENTLarge front- room, nicely furnished. Suitable for two gentlemen.MRS. HARRY LYONS,(4-tt) No. 918 Main Street.Eggs Wanted We pay the higheat' sJrJfH-rfir-r. Whv oav mora? F.vai.-cash price, delivered to our place an. a . ,--a J,vww ""Brent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East ; Fourth street. Home Phont190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O. CROMBIE.Early Vegetable Plants ForSaleflRST CLASS XOALWe are selling the beet grade ofBlock Coal for $6.50 per ton at thaVaats, and $7.00 per ton for cityMA&SFIELD & JEFFERSON LTJlf-.BER CO.Cumberland Phone 711, Home 510.(jan27-tf-T)JCauliflower; Cabbage; Tomatoes;Pondarosa; Stone; Early Anna;Chalk's Jewel; Tenton andAcme; Pepper Plants, hot andsweet; Scarlet Sage; Aster PlantsAll plants in season cheaper thanPara, Brazil, is known"gateway of the Amazon."as theH, N. HORINEFurnitur,e Finishing, Painting,Decorating, Graining, House andSign Painting, Interior and Exterior.Call Home Phone 475.(7mar-to-apr28)Administrator's NotioAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Washington January,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesIndebted to the estate of the saidvon can raise them vourself. Theseplants not on sale elsewhere. .Buy r Washington January, deceased, areyour plants fresh from the bed andsuccess is assured. One and one-half-blocksfrom car line.JOS. LAVIN,332 West Eighth St.(Il-6t0hereby notified to call upon the undersigned Administrator, and makefull and complete settlement ofsuch -indebtedness.AYELETTE BUCKNER,Adm'r of Washington January.(apr7-3wks)HIIIIIIIMHIIIIIIIIlllllJIIHIIHHIIIIHIMMimiPublic Sale-OFFSPRING PLOWING" YEARArrival of the season for springplowing and the repairing of fenceshas made . the "dirt farmers" inCongress somewhat restive. Muchhilarity was caused in the house theother day when RepresentativeClarke, of New York, asked for leaveof absence "on acccount of businessand nlannins: for snrine: nlowiner "served fully the purposes educators-J Representative Clarke is a memberIn a book by a popular author ofsociety novels jthe only married wo-Tnan who kissed the hero without7 invitation, hesitation or agitation,- without shame, waste of time orwaste of words, was "from theSouth." Well, you see, they have togo somewhere when they're declassei in the South.It happened at The Paris Grand-""the other night. A heavy rain was- "falling forcing inside the lobby the" usual bunch of fellows who make' ,ihat their resting place, as thecrowds are filing in. There was' a- C-line of waiting patrons in front of- he-box office with Mrs. Jack Ows-ley patiently and skilfully waiting. .. on them in turn. Suddenly a young' 'JtelTow "butted in" out of. turn andi approaching the rail spoke hurriedly, t ---j Want a twenty-cent ticket down-" stairs." "You can't go there for- P -twenty cents," said Mrs. Owsley."- "Well then where can I go for twen-- ty cents.' But before Mrs. Owsley."1 i Jt sJ! r-i V. e 4-Vtn -Rfi-nan;jCOUiU. lH.LUr.Ul Ullll CtUilA UJ. CU.G iuiccutrjnen in line told him where he-could go, as far- as they were con-v: v-cerned.n "SECOND NOTICES SHOULD NOT, - SE NECESSARYof that day had in mind.So did the stage coach and thetwo-masted schooner. In an agewhich did not know fast trains andautomobiles and airplanes these earlier means of travel were quite adequate, just as in an earlier stage ofeducation the three R's were not soinadequate.The question of what is goodrforthe school child must be considerednot only from the point of view ofthe past; much will be lost if agreat deal of thought is not given tohis present needs.Stock, Farm Implements, Etc.GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay ' Night137 99WlltH''HnillWMWIHtlHIHIlHlilHMLOUISVILLE MAN HEAD STATEDENTAL ASSOCIATIONiA94A fch - ": -s ?Vj.--'Borne of our subscribers neglect-notifying us of their, change of ad: stress until too late to make the necessary changes on the mailing list.In order to keep the list and carddndex straight, we would ask as aspecial favor that they will notifyus promptly when they move from.J" one place to another. Give both, theA'Cold and new -address when, notifyT V-imfr us.?Many subscribers also negelect reviewing their subscriptions at theproper time, andoften we are forc-5fe d to discontinue 'xtheir papers be-& cause of this. Then they say: "WhyTidn't you send me a statement andI would have sent you a check."CSU No doubt this is true. Statementspa '-'-are sent out in the regular order-r " v -of business twice a year, so there isIjl&v'.-JxLO good reason why others noticesi- " '.sjiould be necessary, tj 1rPrompt attention to both these- - Taatters will save trouble to all con-Z --A"ste-W cerned all around.C-i it ''J o-?$r. Earth's Glacial Period." 7& - Geologists base their statements con-- .-cerning the existence of the glacial- " -period mainly upon evidence In the-Z. -iform of boulder clay and various otherJ .,-"- sffbrms of deposits. The first scientificreferences to glacial action were sug--s?gted by the Alpine regions and are, ' " H-be found In the works of Charpen-Zyw'J& -sl,r- aBU ASgaslz. Man did not exist''-k sckr and durlne the esrlv nar of thoyw. . " gfmm. w w- flcial period. The first evidence. ofSS- "" existence In t he fnnnrt -fn-fhr-r.r ; . -:- . : i-vrr- ujjiwr y ciai penoQ."JDr. JB3. C. Hume, of Louisville, waselected president of the KentuckyDental Association at the annualconvention of that body in Louisville. Dr.N. B. Smith, of Frankfort, was selected vice-president, andDr. William Randell, of Louisville,was made secretary. Members ofthe State Board are: Dr. W. F.Walz, of Lexington, O. B. Powell, ofPaducah, and H. B. Patrick, ofPaint Lick.Others elected were: Board ofCensbrs.: Doctors J. H. Gray, ofGreenville, Homer Meredith, ofLeitchfield, Julian Dismukes, of Paducah.Board .of Trustees: Doctors W.D. Bridwell, of Providence, C. H.Tandy, of Hopkinsville, J. E. Faulkner, of Barboursville.oCOMMISSIONER GIVES BOTTRBONSMALT, FARM ACREAGEof the agricultural committee, and,while he had to be a lawyer, ofcourse, to be appointed on it, itseems he is a farmer of a kind, too.But what about the "dirt"farmers" who const! tute-the "agricultural bloc" in thev Senate? Will theybe asking for leave of absence to seethat the tractors are working effectively and economically and that thespring dehorning of cattle is notheld up?These statesmen of agrarian proclivities probably could be sparedfrom the legislative halls for a fewdays if they are able to make a tangible contribution to the generalwelfare of agriculture. Every goodPr -WW rtV ?m n-rwvr ilnX ? J m n A A 1j.a.j.md jvnuwa Luat it jmya to taKethem by pie forelock and do theplowing in good time.Having obtained about everythingthat seems probable from the present Congress in the way of legislation to help the agricultural interests, the "dirt farmers" in the Senate and House should not be denied the leave of absence whichwould enable them to see the practical workings of this legislation backon the farm.I will sell at public sale, on thepremises, the old Dr. McMillanplace, in East Paris, onThursday April 20, 1922,at about the hour of two p. m., thefollowing described articles:One pair Draft Mares;One four-year-old Draft Horse;One three-year-old Draft Horse;Two or three Jersey Gows,fresh;Six Jersey Heifers;Three Duroc Sows and 25 pigs;One Deering Binder (new) ;One 10-hole Superior Wheat Drill,good as new;One 8-hoIe New Peoria WheatDrill, good as new;Two John Deerie Redding Breaking Plows; t-One Busy Bee Cultivator;One Avery Cultivator;One Cutting Harrow; 3TOne Iron Roller;One Feed Sled;One No. 13 Blizzard Cutting Box,good;Two Tobacco Plows;One 3-shovel Plow;One Double-Shovel Plow;One Oliver Breaking Plow;OneCorn Crib, on wheels;One"60-tooth Harrow;Three 5 -gallon Oil Cans;One 15-gallon Oil Can;Two Hog Oilers;One lot of Wagon Harness, Etc.;Eight or 10 Good Leather Collars.TERMS Made known on day ofqnl ft'MRS. R. Jj. WILSON,GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(aprl4-2t)s"-The farm acreage in Kentuckylast year was 21,612,772. out! of an,approximate acreage of 25,715,840,according to W C. Uanna, commissioner of agriculture, who has' compiled statistics showing the number!of farms and farm -acreage by counties. Four of the be'st agriculturalcounties, of the State, Bourbon,Clark, Fayette and Shelby, havesmall acreage. Of the four ShelbyJeads, having 238,625 acres in farmlaHd operated by 1,4-64 owners ormanagers tind 1,245 tenants. Fayette county has an acreage of 160,342 in farm lands operated by 905owners or managers and 1,073 tenants. Last year Bourbon county had atotal acreage of 179,2 (fa and larkcounty 154,568 in farms operated IThe farmers of the former wereoperated by 2,298 owners or managers and 1,002 tenants, and the latter by 953 owners or managers and703 tenants.A foresighted man "is one whodoesn't have to get Tin and hunt foranother quilt when Ihe temperaturearops auring tne nignt..?. . ' -aci?-i"TTT "ssy"'c, - .THtKiSSK 'VrWj-j -JF - " n- "t . 7. .'-. tai. . .y-,. : ..it --.- v -r -"-r. . ". r, " irstrsi-. "i , "n 3-CORNSLift Off with Fingers-7INTERURBAN TIMETABLE-10cTHE IMPORTANCE OF -BEINGPRETTYMany a girl's fortune is Uetermined by her face. A skin which isfresh, smooth and alluring with theradiance of health, predicts a happyfuture, because this is the greatestof all womanly charms.Every girl can have a beautiful,attractive skin if she will only learntct give it proper care.The constant application of coldcreams, lotions, powder and rouge,tend to make the skin sluggisK andinactive. Dirt accumulates and blackheads and other blemishes appear.Thorough cleansing once a "dayprevents such a conditon and keepsthe complexion fresh and smooth.Cold Cream is beneficial whenapplied to a clean skin and rougeand powder are harmless beautifiersbut start fresh every day on aclean foundation. Keep your skinactive and it will be clear, fresh,youthful and attractive.- Soap to be thorough, need notbe harsh. The mildest toilet soapmade is" the most thorough of allcleansers, as you will know after youhave once tried Palmolive.You can buy Palmolive Soap atall first class groceries and drug stores.THE PALMOLIVE COMPANYMilwaukee, Wis.Doesn't hurt a bit! .Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)o ;We would never "suspect some menof'doing goodx deedsif tfiey didn'tcome around andtel afwutHhemV 'Paris toLexington7:05 a. m.8105 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05" p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11;00 a. m.' 12:00 m.1:00 p. m.200 p. m3:00-p. nu4:00 p. mV5; 00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c: Ticket Fare, 54c-Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inQuantities, date unlimited, -sold between all points at reduced rates.-KBNTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL GO.(d6-tf)BROS.BARBER SHOP -& . .-, '-.l3SstfjTv - . gj .41 WHITB. BiEBias-4rModern Burpmemt.Szptrt tad PtliU ftrriotHOTJLlI)(IJ)lATg93Ur' .THE notable quality of our professional efforts is theirdignified .character.Our unfailing politeness is at all timesfavorably commentedupon. Our servicesare faithfully performed.m . .. - .. i ..... ... i HimHuamnFi J I M lil II faJil'lsliSlsiirniU:H.iu:aa:;v'KZXZ2Z?.. CSS.-' "? i,JC-r-ataiaL..-. v,., zr-r ., . . ---vt j just i-rr,f -iyy. -.-. - r-v: '..r-fc, -. r- -, "V . C -rf jm. ""-C-X--.j V J ?j v ;v ;J""ttf-v Aj-v.."l...wr., ne aVT isK &r- 3Wr"KJ. ,-Jr. , .iKPA' lw. -.-y -lj v; f, - SHBkti.:2,..vr.'5"i' &iL J.lid&z1Bs- jmjs.-i.....jkt&-2SiTUESDAY, APRIL 18, 19229Ev- ' THE BOITRHON N12WS. PARTS. -RTCKTITflCT , "" PACT, 'IHW -: .. 'LZl fcn ---.. j. v -v- iI I-one-elevencigarettes.'.J. jukkish r j yi urnt ., - --- VIRGINIAibbbbH BHBBBBBbtaeSBflThree FriendlyGentlemenSvBURLEY-mVPERSONALSffirFIFTEEN- yyIn a new package that fits the pocketAt a price that fits the pocket-bookThe same unmatched blend ofr Turkish, Virginia and BuRLEYTobaccos"""? -w HrtltfyrnXsrv&V&vacr5-2t"5HA-S I'111 FIFTH AVE.II new york cityNOTED WHITER SAYS PROHIBITION IS RANK FAILUREThe world is suffering from "katzenjammer, declared E. Phillip Oppenheim, shortly before sailing backto England recently. The popularauthor of about 70 novels, including "The Great Impersonation" and"The Mj'Sterious Mr. Sabin," alsoexpressed " annoyance at Americanprohibition."The American cocktail used tobe the passport to gayety," he said"."You bave banished it." I havegathered probibition means not prohibition, but annoyance. I used tolike your American bars, and now Ifind that "part of the hotel, once fullof friendly, smiling groups, a wasteof tables, and CEey tell me nonecome to dance any more."The kill-joy spirit exists in England, too, but I think we are slowlygetting back to normal appreciationof the pleasant things of life. Sup.pression of all man's natural instincts is like sitting on the safetyvalve of the race."In London there was " a strongeffort to prevent us from drinkingwine with our suppers. There wasalso a movement to forbid cabaret"performances perfectly decentshows, you understand. And finallythere was a concerted attempt tokeep us from playing cards in ourown clubs, to outlaw the game ofpoker. The police were to invadethe clubs and make arrests of pokerplayers oh, I assure you, the policegot very grandmotherly, indeed."Now, I have never played pokerin my life,- but I took great pleasure in leading the opponents of thisproposed reform and I may say wewon our point. -Also, we now havewine with our suppers."We were all keyed up during thewar. On the one hand we gave everything we had; on the other, wewere hysterically gay. Every one'smotto was, 'One more good time before we die.' Now, it's perfectly natural, this general discomfort, gloom,bad nerves, grouchiness, unhappymemories."Then, too, the non-thinking people believed that when we had wonthe war we should all be so muchbetter off. As a matter of fact,we're all worse off. We" are beingtaxed to death. If I get a thousandpounds for a story, I give half up intaxes. It's no wonder some of usdon't feel like giving little praises."STATE EXECUTIVE BOARDMEETING 3). A. R.rPilEverything in- thePaint and Varnishline nothing butthe best.get dimPRICESVarden & SonDruggistsALL RIGHT, UNCLE HIRAM!The Flemingsburg Times-Democrat,under the heading, "CorrectYour' Record, Neighbor' publishesthe following regarding a basketball item furnished Us by the ParisHigh School's sporting editor:"We find in THE BOURBONNEWS of April 7 a statement in regard tothe games played by theParis girls' basket "ball team, and inthe paragraph printed below thereis an error which we hope the editor.will correct:"Jan. 28 Flemingsburg (here)9-7 (Paris)."."The fact is that the game was atie, 7-7, at the close of the regularperiod of play, and an agreementwas made to play an extra fiveminutes, and Paris made one fieldgoal', making the final score 9-7 infavor of Paris."RHEUMATISMMrs. W. G. Dawson and littleson, Wm. Dawson, of Legrange, areguests of Mrs. Corine Stout, on Seventh street.The Bourbon County GardenClub will.meet with Mrs. J. T. Vansant Friday afternoon, April 21, atthree o'clock.Mi& Henrietta Howard, whohas been seriously ill at her homeJon Cypress street for some time, isable to be out. , M, -Merrit Slicer has gone to Chicago, where he will reside in thefuture. Mrs. Slicer will remain inParis for a time.Miss Christine Thomas and Elizabeth Henry have returned to theirschool dulies after spending a shortvacation in this city.Mr. and Mrs. John R. Ewalt, ofCynthiana. were recent visitors tothe latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs.James H. Howard, of Cypress street.Dr. J. A. Stoeckinger, of Paris,read a paper on "Surgery" at themeeting -of the Kentucky MidlandMedical Association, at Lawrenceburg, last week.Miss Emily Fithian entertaineda party of young friends last weekwith a theatre party, going afterward to her home, where delightfulrefreshments were served.Clarence K. Thomas, of the Peoples-DepositBank, and Charles A.Webber, of the Bourbon Garage, areat West Baden Springs, West Baden,Indiana, for a ten-days' stay.B. W. Boyers, of the GeneralMotors Truck Corporation, of Pontiac. Michigan, was a guest severaldays the past week of Mr. and Mrs.I. Wi Bush, on Houston avenue.Mrs. Lon Graves has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Scottcounty. She was accompanied byher mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Jackson,who will be her guest several days.John Kriener, of Paris, entertained at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Saturda. evening, in honor ofMiss Margaret Ferguson and Mr.Harvey Allen Rogers, who are to bemarried April 29. --Among the visitors to the Methodist Conference held In Paris thepast week was John WrBoulden, ofMaysville, formerly of Millersburg.Mr. Boulden, now in bTis eighty-firstj-year, is still active and healthy.Misses Margaret Lavin, FavolaDundon, Louise Connell, and Messrs.Robert Lavin, Basil Hayden, AlexRice, Eugene Lair, James Dundonand John Dundon have returned toKentucky University, after spendingthe Easter holidays in Paris.Among those attending the sessions of- the Maysville District Conference of the Methodist church, inthis city, the past week, were thefollowing from Flemingsburg: Rev.B. F. Adams, Rev. J. J. Dickey, Mrs.C. A. Glascock, Mrs. Elizabeth D.Wood and J. H. Mullikin.Miss Nell Hunt, of Philadelphia, guest of Miss Lavalette Ranson, was guest of honor recently atan entertainment given at the Candle Glow Inn, in Lexington, by MissVirginia Wetherall, of Paris. Theguests were Miss Hunt, Miss Ranson, Miss Valette McClintock andMiss France? Clay, of Paris.Forty guests partook of thehospitality dispensed by Mrs. SidneyS. Ardery, Friday afternoon,- at herhome on Houston avenue, bridgeforming the principal part of theprogram. The home was beautifully decorated in levendar and whitelilacs, the color scheme being usedin the ices, mints and tally cards.Mrs. HBnry Judy secured the prizefor the highest score, a vanity set.The second prize, a fancy work basket, was awarded to Mrs. RaymondMcMillan, and Mrs. George Watkinswas winnei of the consolation prize,a deck of cards. The hostess wasassisted by Mrs.' Ben Ardery Mrs.Fay Ardery, Mrs. Elizabeth Lilieston and Miss Mercy Park.(Other Personals on Page 5)-PARIS SECOND IN BIBLE - STUDYCONTESTThe State Executive Board ofDaughters of the American Revolution met Saturday in all-day sessionat the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington,with Mrs. J. M, Arnold, State Regent, of Covington, presiding. "TheMountain School committee, whichwas also to have met, postponed itsassembly on account of the inabilityof Miss Rebecca Averill, of Frankfort, chairman, being unable to bepresent. -After considerable discussion itwas decided that the D. A. R. wouldnot conduct a mountain school 'atHueysville after May 20, but noother site was decided upon at themeeting. The county school at thatplace is being used through the generosity of the D. A. R. of Kentucky.Much interest is being manifestedover the national meeting to be held!in Washington this month, andwhich will be attended by delegations from all the Kentucky Chapters, including Paris.Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Miss Elizabeth Grimes and Mrs. C. M. Clay,,of Paris, attended the meeting asrepresentatives from Jemima Johnson Chapter. -ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAP-Capital- $15M.MSurplus and Profits 122,5H.HStockholders Liabilities". 15f.ff.ffProtection to Depositors $422,5ff .MEstablished 1851Peoples Deposit BankTrust CoParis, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE IT' .OFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, PresidentGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres.ROBT. METEER. Vice.Pres.C. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pres.-CashierGEO. L. DOYLE, Assiseant CashierBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBG"We have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWSSIOW UPSET?Get at the Real Cause TakeDr. Edwards Olive TabletsFive-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station messages isFIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or less.USE HOME LONG DISTANCEParis Home Telephone & Telegraph CpVIncorporatedVicThat's vrhat thousands of stomachsufferers &re doing now. Instead oftaking tonics, or trying to patch up a.poor digestion, they are attacking thereal cause of the ailment cloggedliver and disordered bowels.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets arousethe liver in a soothing, healing way.When the liver and bowels are performing their natural functions, awaygoes indigestion and stomach troubles.Have yotr a bad taste, coatedtongue, poor appetite, a lazy, don'care feelinf, no ambition or energy,trouble ith undigested -foods? TakeOlive Tablets, the substitute for calomel.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are apurely vegetable compound mixed witholive oil. You will know them by theirolive color. They do the work w ithoutgriping, cramps or pain.Take one or two at bedtime for quickrelief. Eat what you like. 15c and 30c.Shoes RepairedWhHe You WaitQuick srvice; thorough workmanship; best materials,used; first class workmen; modern machinery mean'satisfied customers. We repair shoes while you waitno delay.(tf)CLYDE TYREENext Door to Obc rdorftr's Drug StoreBourbon News Advertisers Get ResultsKDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done notvonly once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwcgco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for. literature. MIWOGCQ MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.VELfCONVENIENTL.&N.MorningTrainServiceTOLouisville .Leaves Paris 7:00 a, m. daily except Sundayarriving Baxter Ave. Station, louisville, 11:11 a. m.Arrives Louisville Union Station 11:30 a. m. 'offering directconnection with the new Ioirisville & Nashville super all steellimited train, "The Pan-American, for JCemphis and beyond, ,and for Biiminrkam, Pcuacola, Mobile, Hew vprltaxs,, etc.,carryinc QfeMrvatuM r, Driwiig XooDoiljrt. Prers, Diaju Cars, Parlor Gar, Coaofces, eic. 1 . . . - .v -Tor further ifwmatk apply if W "& SBQLWrTWke,AgeatX. J. It R., PH, Kyu T arl$-2MS-f f - J.Cynthiana won first place in herclass for the boys! Statewide Biblestudy contest f conducted by theState Y. M. C. A. covering sevenweeks, and in the next plass threeschools tied for honors, with everyboy in the school enrolled, every boypresent every session of the class,every boy taking and passing theexamination. Thes& three schoolsjvere Stanton, Greenup and Vance-burg, but, by a regulation of thecontest which provides v that in acase of a tie in record the aveargeof the examining grade would determine the winner Stanton -is thewinner of the silver cup.According to the report of theState office, Paris ran a very closesecond to Cynthiana in that class,and Danville had third place. Honorable mention is given to Lagrangeand Clark County High Schoot inthis class.E. V. Donaldson, State Boys' WorkSecretary, reports that in 72 highschools of the State 2,400 boys wereenrolled in the contest. ' Someschools dropped- out of the contestbecause of sickness- and the closingof schools, but more than. 1,000 boystook the examinations at the close,and a large majority of them passed it. " .o -It you-fiave- beWaround jnuck youhavefouna that -t;he"tinctiiijH,taiitIcfoWnfccfcapg 4K)t 'always' boeoftke -work- , 5, ?,? n-. -' & -.'.It is etimpd tit tkere are atleast 1M06-Ieper8 in Rusfla -m-wi &aVVIFINISHWalls that keep theirnevAy tainted" lookWashable Walls!Walls that hold the charm of colorand retain their freshness for yearswith the help of soap, water anda rag. - -Such axe walls finished with DevoeVelcur Finish, (a flat oil paint.)The soft, flattints,inwhichthisproductis manufactured, are always artistic,lending an enriching background tothe furnishings, and an air of goodtaste and dignity to the room.Devoe Velour Finish can be applied onany interior wall or ceiling.Devoe Products are time-tested andproven - backed by the 168 years'experience of the oldest paint man-vufacturing concern in the U. S.Founded 1754.The J. T. HintonCo.;i-WBBHBHmy -- & - S-r' If. "" if ' -- e3 -7fi --,sV- v"wj5- v.SV3IF S-!- -M:ff??tV-W-,tytvr,-5..f F AGE- FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,' KENTUCKYTUESDAY, APRIL 13, If 2 2N " C&"v-TiHAS XAE&OW ESCAPEWhile crossing the street near thecorner of Mafri and Eighth, Fridayafternoon, Mrs George Batterton"was struck by a motor truck operated by a negro hoy, and slightlybruised. Mrs. Batterton saw herdanger in time to escape serious injury. The truck struck her a glancing blow, inflicting slight injuries.Thomas Fisher, the colored driverof the truck, which belonged to theE. E. Landis Transfer Company, wastried" before Police Judge ErnestMartin, on a charge of reckless driving, and fined $10 and costs.HEALTH BOABD NOTICEParis, Ky., April 14, 1922.All hogs and pigs must be removedfrom the city limits on or beforethe 20th of April, 1922. Those failing to obey this order will be prosecuted. A. H. KELL.ER,City Health Officer.14-2t)oYOUTH'S LEG BROKENGeorge Smith, young son of Jos..A. Smith, and a student in the ParisHigh School, suffered a fracture ofthe leg when a barrel of paint hewas handling at Daugherty Bros.'where he is employed, fell on him.He w.as removed to a physican'soffice nearby, and the injured member set,Notice to Contractors!-" 13.1922.5t-lA !" JSealed bids" .will b received by' S-4the State Highway Cdmniis&ldn, atthe office of tne State Highway Engineer, old Capitol Buliding, Frankfort, Kentucky, until 2:00 p. m., onthe3RD DAY -OF MAY, 1922,for the improvement of the ParisCynthiana Road, beginning at thecity limits of Paris and extendingto the junction of the GeorgetownRoad, .Station 52, plus 80, a distanceof approximately 1.0 mile in Bourbon county.Thi improvement will consist ofapplying bituminous surface treatment and covering with stone chips,crushed gravel or pea gravel, in accordance with approved specifications. Instructions to bidders, forms ofproposals and specifications maybe secured at .the office of the StateHighway Engineer, Old CapitolBuilding, Frankfort, Kentucky.Each bidder must accompanyhis bid Tvith a x bond or certifiedcheck for' ? 9 7.3 3, payable to theState Treasurer, credit of the Department of State Roads &nd Highways. The right is reserved to rejectany and all bids... APPROXIMATE QUANTITIES11735 Sq. yds. Cleaning surface.2900 Gals. Light Oil of Light Tar.2900 Gals. Heavy Oil or MediumTar.340 Tons Pea Gravel stone chipsor crushed gravel, includingrollings.STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION,By,xJoe S. Boggs, State HighwayEngineer. (apr 18-28)Are You FoirFair Play?Of course, you are, oryou would not be a 100 per cent. American. Nobody likes unfair competition. The party who is running the red bus onour lines between Paris, North Middletown and Mt. Sterling has noth4ng in common with our line, and hasandertaken the-job of underminding usby running his bus a little ahead, of our schedule. All this after his admission that the undersigned had "been very good to himwhile working for us, and also admitted that there was really no roomn this line for two busses. We feel that, since after two other partiestried this fine and gave it up, and since we stuck to the job and lostKveral hundred dollars at the beginning in building up'this lineyou,food people, after once understanding whaf Jrind of a dirty deal we arep ajaiiut, will gladly stick to us and use only the "Olive Drab" colored bus. Tell all your friends andj stand by the man who has given youTeasomable'-rates from the start, polite service and exact schedule time.Omr amswili remain tne aaveraiealatwr than the other fellow, but we'llREO COMFORT- . ;v. r - . - . - - a a.it Bk. m uiuveuieui. - " - v- ?c,-! - - - - ,. V - ' -Z- IC B-l IBai , JfkJ . Sec. 4. This resolution shall he I J!7ttl allKl MMI1 .-'.CONNELL APPOINTED TBTJSTEEAttorney Raymond Connell, ofParis, was on Friday appointed byBankruptcy Referee Judge A. M.Cox, of Cynthiana, as trustee inbankruptcy at a meeting of the creditors of Marshall Revell, whose petition was recently filed in the office-of the Clerk of the United State District Court, for the Eastern Districtof Kentucky, at Lexington.COST OF HANDLING BUBLEY TO- BACCO IN BOUEBONAccording to information fromthe Paris office of the Burley tobacco growers association the costof handling the 8,113,870 pounds oftobaceo which passed through thelocal warehouse floors this seasonwas 17.26 cents a hundred pounds.This was a saving in this county of$50,907.42 over the old method ofmarketing where a change of 80cents per hundred was made. Themembers of the association in thiscounty are highly elated over theeconomical management of the business of the association.The present outlook seems to tendtoward a larger crop of tobacco thiscoming year than during the past.oWhether a woman should take herhusband's name is easy. Not unless she also takes him.Notice to Contractors!April 13, 1922.Sealed bids will be received bythe State Highway, Commission, atthe office of the State Highway Engineer, Old Capitol Building, uittun,-,fort, Kentucky until 2:00 p. m., onthe3ED DA? OF MAY, 1922,for the improvement of the Parisand 'Winchester Road, beginning atthe city limits of Paris and extending to the Clark County line, Station 417 plus 70, a distance of 8.93miles approximately in BourbonCounty.This road is officially known asState Project No. 50, Section A, onthe State Primary System in Bourbon County.This improvement will consist ofapplying bituminous surface treatment and covering with stone chips,crushed gravel or pea gravel in accordance with approved specifications. NInstructions to bidders, forms ofproposals and specifications may besecured at the office of the StateHighway Engineer, Old CapitolBudding, Frankfort, Kentucky.Each bidder must accompany hisbid with a bond or certified checkfor $622.20, payable to the StateTreasurer, credit of the Departmentof State Roads and Highways.The right is reserved to reject anyand all bids.APPROXIMATE QUANTITIES83,825 Sq. Yds. Cleaning surface.20,000 Gals. Light Oil or Bight Tar.20,000 Gals. Heavy Oil or HeavyTar.1,250 Tons Pea Gravel, stone chipsor crushed gravel, includingrolling. vSTATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION,By, Joe S. Boggs, State HighwayEngineer. (apr 18-28)rmeauie. JPerhaps a few minutestbe there after he is gone.MODES AND MOEALSNo doubt Eve's first costume wascriticized as immodest by her husband, for ever since the dress ofwoman "has been under masculinedispleasure. It seems strange withthe incessant change in femininevdreis that it does not by accidentsometime strike a mode, which shouldmeet with the approval of thosefor whom women are generally be-,lieved to aim to please in theirdress.Even the skirt, which has been ofevery length and shortness possiblein the last few years, never seemsto be exactly right, and so it iskept in perpetual motion. Howceaseless are these changes is illustrated by the statement of a popularmotion picture actress, who declaresthat in her journeys over this country and Europeit has kept her mindbusy shortening or lengthening herskirts to keep pace with the styles ofthe times and of the places visited.Then there is woman's bathingsuit, which every summer furnishesfresh food for moralizing. There areindications that the skirt to thebathing suit will' soon be abolishedaltogether, as the one-piece bathingsuit marches steadily from the Westto the East. xThe day may not; be so far distantwhen the skirt will be a thing-of thepast and when there will even belaws enac'ted against the wearing ofit as a source of useless controversy and tending to divert theminds of both men and women frommore important subjects. 'TT- O 'SALESMAN WANTEDfaint and Varnish Salesmaninthis territory to sell to propertyowners, factories and dealers. Sal-rnpVolfQ.ry aim vc w-oss profit tomall who Can qualify.l iBIG FOUR PAINT & VARNISH, CO.(ll-3t) Cleveland, Ohio,Resolution!DECLARING THE IMPROVEMENTOF MAIN STREET, FROM FOURTEENTH T 0 TWENTIETHSTREETS, BY THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE ROADWAYTHEREOF, AND BY THE ORIGINAL CONSTRUCTION OF CURBING AND GUTTERING ON BOTHSIDES THEREOF AT THE COSTOF THE ABUTTING PROPERTYOWNERS. THE KENTUCKYTRACTION AND TERMINALCOMPANY AND THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY, AND SETTING OUT IN GENERAL TERMSTHE CHARACTER AND EXTENTOF THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENT AND DECLARING . SUCHIMPROVEMENT TO BE A NECESSITY AND TO BE PAYABLEON THE TEN-YEAR PLAN.Be it resolved by the Board N ofCouncil of the City of Paris, Kentucky, as follows:Section 1. That Main street, fromFourteenth street to Twentieth streetis hereby designated and proposed tobe improve'd by the original construction of the roadway thereof withvitrified brick paving, asphalt paving, bitulithic wood blocks, rock asphalt, concrete paving, or othertype of paved streets, and the construction of curb and gutter on bothsides thereof except where the sameis already constructed in conformity with the specifications for theproposed work, and such improvement is hereby declared to be a necessity, but the cost of curb or guttering shall be at the exclusive costof the owner of the abutting property. Sec. 2. The Kentucky Tractionand Terminal Company shall pay itsproportionate part of the costs ofsaid improvement as provided by itsfranchise or contract with the city,and a special tax shall be assessedupon the property, assets and franchise of the said company for thepayment of the same! The cost ofthe improvement of the intersections of said- street, including thenecessary drains and one half of thewidth of said street abutting otherstreets or alleys which run into, butdo not cross, said street; and thecost of improvement of that portionof said street which nfay abut uponproperty belonging to the city, andwhere the. abutting property is apublic school, cemetery, county,State or United States, 'shall beborne by the Gity of Paris, Kentucky. The abutting property owners on each side of said street shallpay one-third of-the total cost of saidimprovement, and the KentuckyTraction and Terminal Companyshall pay its proportionate part ofthe said cost, and' the City of Parisshall pay the remainder. The materials to be used in said improvement of said street shall be determined by tfte Board of Council uponreceipt -of bids.Serif 3. A special tax shall be assessed upon th&t property abuttingupon either side of said improvements in the nmnner provided bylaw and upon" the property, assetsanJ franchises of the KentuckyjTraetion and Terminal Comtianv inlike manner provided by law and allsaid taxes-may be paid -on the tenyear payment plan in, the mannerprovided by law, except that thecity's portion of the cost of said im-piuveiueuu " c ir- z.t Sec. 4. Thig resolution shall beSesoiutions of bespectt IThe following resolutions of re-;spect to the memory of Miss EdnaGardner were adopted by the Sunday School class of the Paris Methodist church;Whereas, the Providence of God,which is not always to e understood, but is always to be trusted aswise and beneficent, has seen fit to icall by death from our Sundayschool and church, Edna ChristineGardner, one of our most faithfuland loyal young girls. ,Whereas, We shall miss the inspiration of her presence and interestin our Sunday School, therefore,fee it Resolved, That we recordour grief at her going, but submitwith humble hearts to the will ofour Heavenly Father, the All Wiseand JA11 Loving.Resolved Further, That a copy ofthese resolutions be spread on therecords of our SundW School, a copybe sent to her parents and a copy begiven to the papers of Paris.MRS. JAS. GRINNELL, JR.,MRS. C. O. HINTON,EMOGENE ALEXANDER.CROMBIE HOME AT PUBLIC SALEAPRIL 131Harris, Speakes & Harris offer abargain, a handsome home, the residence of, Robert Crombie, on Secondstreet At public sale Friday afternoon, at two o'clock. Be sure to attend. Read 4 in THE NEWS.(18-2t)IMPORTANT NOTICE TOs. CLUB WOMENLOCALMembers of the Music Department of -the Bourbon County Woman's Club are asked to meet thechairman, Mrs. M, H. Dailey, in the Ibasement of the Presbyterian rchthis (Tuesday) 'afternoon, at 3:30o'clock. Business of importance.BOYS' BAND AT STATE FAIRThe Maysville Boys' Band, unerthe management of J7 Barbour Rusvsell, has been engaged by W. C.Hanjia, Commissioner of Agricultureto play at the Kentucky State Fair,in X.ouisville, during the week ofSeptember 10.SPECIAL SALEONChild's CoatsKnox andCrofutt&KnappHATSThere's some class toour new styles in SpringHats. They are chuckfull of good looks newcolor combinationsgreys, browns and tans.'$6.00and$7.00Smdej,If You Buy a Suit Here You KnowYou've Bought it Right!Give your pocket or check book a chance by coming here for your SpringSuit. Doing big business this season and its because our clothes are priced! right. Snappy styles are.shown for young men in new- - ... 1jwool materials in iweeas'worsteds are also shown.ssti!-, it..iR7th and Main .PUBLIC SALEOF .SECOND STREET BUNGALOWFriday, April 21st, at 2 P. M.Having purchased a farm with the intention of moving to same inthe next ten days, I will offer at public sale the following real estate,located on west side ''(shady side) of Second street:House of six large rooms, sunparlor, hall,, bath complete, front" andback porch, the latter screened, gas in each room, illuminated throughout with a beautiful line of electrical fixtures; one splendid dry cellar,also a laundry connected with gas and waterThe entire house is screened with Higgins' copper wire screens r ianewly papered and painted inside.Foundation is of native stone. Large lot, chicken yard and gardenAlso a splendid garage.Anyone in the market for a home of this character, apply to theundersigned, who will take great pleasure in showing same..Terms easy, and made known" on day of sale. " -HABRIS, SPEAKES & HAEEIS,or BOBEET CROMBIE. Owner. -(18-24) 7 -"THE PRIDE OF PARIS"A GRAND CLEARANCEOF ALLWOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'SCOATS CAPESWRAPS ,AT SPECIAL PRICES:M2&DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYPatronize BourbonJIHr NECKWEARH 50c TO $1.50Copyright, 1922, X. B. Kinchbftum. CompanyVJ 1 5 1 1?ana nerrins' uoncs. rancyv -VALUES YOU CAN'T BEAT$18.00 to $55.00P. WALSHOn-Price Store'INews Advertisers.$1.50 TO $2.50Thatfancy models good all1 V Jnnxea casnmeres anaS'SILK SHIRTS$5.00 TO $7.50NEW CAPS- wNVtsIFBSW .TYfliiifla"-'ir; OjmtvPlioic 80S$r ,'w, ffA"v4-'v -. -av-e-&.x ;--' - a?..-.. . -s- s",-'"' yCp" "Af.:?iv' " .f- ? 5sv Sr' SB2rfy? Vf-iTUESDAY, 'APRIL 18, 1922"'. "i-" -.i -sJTHE BOURBON :NEWSj? PARIS,- KENTtJCKlfyepage iTrmvt".-..-:A"GIFTS THAT LAST"wgegUTTLE CHICK PEEDTry our little chick feed.C. P. COOK & CO.LOOKING POE A HOME? HEBE'SONE TO SUIT.The handsome home of Robt.Crombie, located on west side of Second street, at public auction, Friday afternoon, April 21, at two,'clock. A rare chance. Read thead in THE NEWS. -HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(18-2t)BUSINESS CHANGESVenard Owens has sold his stockand equipment to Fred Weckesser,operating the Reo Comfort BusLines out of Paris. Mr. Mr.Owenswill probably open up an autto repair shop and garage in Paris at anearly date.- " 6FIRE DEPAARTMENT GAY" NEW COLORSINPERSONALStComings and Goingi of Some TonKnow and Othert TonDon'.The front of the fire departmentheadquarters at the City Hall, hasbeen repainted in red with yellowtrimmings by the artists of the department, and presents a gay apnearance. There's no chance of anyone missing the location.r . O-y SHIPPINGS PENS OPENFollowing the shipment of a number of sheep from Paris to Cincinnati market, which, it was alleged,-were afflicted with "scabies a Government official came to Paris andquarantined the shipping pensuntil the premises could be thoroughly cleaned and disinfected. Thisbeing done, the pens have been opened for business again, in the usualorder.The hours will be from 9:30 to 3:30.Music will be furnished by theOriginal Kentucky Six. toMrs. Elizabeth Dundon is visiting friends in Cincinnati.Mrs. Wm. Myall left yesterdayfor Chicago for a visit to her daughter, Mrs. Irvine Keller."THESTROLLERS,' TOPARIS SOONVISIT"The Strollers," the premier dramatic organization of Kentucky University, will start next Monday ona tour of Central Kentucky cities,presenting the play "The ThirteenthChair' in which they have made anotable success. Paris, -Winchester,Richmond, Harlan, Pineville, Mlddlesboro and Frankfort are includedin the itinerary. The Strollers willpresent the play in Lexington onThursday and Friday of this week,starting en tour next Monday.oNEW HOUSE FOR. SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS. ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED- ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnW oDESIRABLE HOME AT PUBLICSALE FRIDAYRobt. Crombie will sell at publicauction at 2:00 o'clock, Friday afternoon, April 21, his home locatedon the west side of Second street.Harris, Speakes & Harris will conduct the sale. Read ad in THENEWS. (18-2t)WITH "THE TRAVELING MEN"The following notes regardingParis traveling salesmen were published in "The Sample Case' page ofSunday's Lexington Herald:"Noah Rose, of the Paris MillingCompany, says business is better."J. T. Mattox, of Paris, .Ky., selling Beech-Nut Products; says business is improving."This will be good news to theboys who travel in cars "and gothrough Paris: The Paris City Council has decided at last to repair themile of. street that enters Paris as itis now almost impassable."BERRIES EVERY DAYFresh berries received every day.C. P. COOK & CO.o rNEWS OF THE COUETSE. A. Fisher, of Bourbon county,was arraigned before County JulgeGeorge Batterton, in the CountyCourt, Saturday, on a charge ofkeeping his son, Ellis Fisher, outof school. ' Judge" Batferton statedthat he would not hold Fisher to thegrand jury, but would continue thecosts on the books, and if any further complaint was made by theCounty Attendance Officer, Mrs.Robert Bell, he would report thecase. ' ."Ernest Small, colored, was incourt on lunatico inquirendo procedings. After a thorough examination he was found to be of unsoundmind, and was' sent to the EasternKentucky Hospital for the Insane, atLexington. Small was obsessed with Jthe idea that he was bothered by ra-luiograpn messages aay ana mguv.He claimed to, be receiving radiomessages all "tae-ii&rtMn distantcities. -and that tktyhealth and ruimd Mb Mftrarwmrt osteiala UraMd Me aJBe-Dr. and Mrs. 'Chas. G. Daugherty are in Daytona, Florida, for aten-days' stay.Miss Elizabeth 'Hamm has returned from a visit to relatives andfriends in Carlisle.- Miss Ruby Lovell, of Eighthstreet, is improving after a severeillness of several weeks. -Mr. and Mrs. Irvine F. McPheeters spent Sunday in Irvine as guestof friends and relatives.Mrs. . Clay Sutherland has returned from a visit to to her father,Mr.' Clayton Strode, in Winchester.Mrs. J. Henry Fuhrman will return this week from- Wauchula,Florida, wnere she spent the winter.Mr, and Mrs. Royce Allen havereturned to Winchester after a "visitto Mr. and Mrs, Louis Rogers, nearParis. -" " ' r,.r -.), rMr. and MrsHenry - J. Groschehave returned to Paris from Newport, and will make this their homein the future.Mrs. Dan Drennan, of Flemingcounty, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Denis Dundon, and family, on Houston avenue.Louis Wollstein has returned-from an extended stay in HotSprings, Ark., Purcell, Okla., and inLos Angeles, Cali.Mr. and Mrs. Tollie Young hadas guest during the Easter holidaysat their home near Paris, Mr. JesseShuff, of Georgetown.Rev. George H. Harris, of Versailles, former rector of St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, in this city, is recovering from a serious illness.Mrs. Charles Spillman, of Harrodsburg, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. W. T. Brooks, and Mrs. Brooks,at their home on Duncan avenue.Mrs. Katherine Reading andchildren are visiting her brother,Horace M. Gay, and family, inPisgah, Woodford county.Mr. and Mrs. J.W. Brown willleave this week for Davenport, Iowa.where they will take an eighteenmonths' course in the ChiropracticSchool.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. W. Fithianspent the Easter holidays as guestsof the latter's .parents, Mr. and Mrs.Willianf Hall, in Huntington, WestVirginia.v Mrs. John M. Flannagan, whohas been very ill aft the Massie Memorial Hospital for some time, hasbeen removed to her home on Houston avenue.Joseph W. Davis, Sr., has returned from an extended stay. a.tMiwogco Springs, near Milan, Indiana. Mr. Davis reports Mr. SwiftChamp, editor THE NEWS, who isat the Springs, as improving slowly.Miss Bertha Hinton has return?ed tfrom Lakesville, North Carolina,where shespenf the winter as guestof her sister, Mrs. J. J. Taylor, andDr. Taylor. She has taken boardwith her aunt, Miss Lucy Miller, onVine street.Hon. H. S. Moore, of Mt. Olivet, and Rev. J. E. Roberts, pastor iof "the Brooksville Methodist church,were guests of Mr. and Mrs. C. D.Thompson during the sessions of theMaysville District Conference of theMethodist church, held in this citythe past week.A large number of Paris peoplewent to Lexington last night to attend the dance given at the Lafayette Hotel, by Blue Grass Council,Knights of Columbus. It is the annual custom- of the Kinghts of Columbus to start the spring seasonafter Lent, with this dance.Miss Lona McCord, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. P. J. McCord, of Paris,is now located in Akron, 0., whereshe has taken a position in the officeof the Crazywater Mineral WaterCo. This company controls a notedmineral springs at Mineral Wells,Texas, discovered years ago by Indians. - ' .nThe Lexington Walking Clubwere recent guests ,at the XalapaFarm, near Paris. After a walk overthe beautiful-estate the party hada pianic luncheon. Members of theparty were Mrs. George Hunt, JMrs.Gilbert Bailey, Mrs. William Wallace Anderson, Miss isaoeiie uiay,Mrs. Warren Viley McFarran, Mrs.Edward "L. Hutchison, Mrs. WoolfolkBarrow, Miss Roberta Kinkead, Mrs.Waller Bullock and . Mrs. John C.Lewis.Beautifully engraved invitations have been sent out by Mr.and Mrs. John Stuart Roberts, announcing the approaching marriageof their daughter, Miss MargaretFerguson to Mr. Harvey Allen Rogers, worded as 'follows; ; .Mr. and Mrs. John Stuart Robertsrequest the pleasure of yourcompanyat the marriage of their daughter,Margart Ferguson...... to ' -Mr. Harvey Allen Rogerson Sa'turday the twenty-ninth ofMrs. A. B. Hancock has as herguests this week Mrs. Harris Hancock and children, Mrs. Toms andchildren, and Mrs. Resor, of Cincinnati. Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford will return tonday from Eustis,Florida, where they spent part ofthe past winter with relatives andfriends.Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Anderson,Mrs. Herbert Brock and Miss Tabitha Cook, of Lexington, wereguests Sunday of Mrs. Nicholas Bohnon Cypress street.Mrs. Swift Champ is at homefrom a short stay at Miwogco Mineral Springs, near Milan, Indiana.Mr. Champ, who remained at theSprings, is improving slowly.Miss Nancy Carter and Mrs..Elizabeth Dundon will give a tea atthe home of Miss Carter, in Lexington on Saturday afternoon, April29, in compliment to Miss FavolaDundon and their Sigma Beta Upsilon Sorority of Kentucky University,of which Miss .Dundon is a very attractive member.John Kriener, of Paris, was hostat a dinner party given at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Saturdayevening in honor of the bride-to-be,Miss Margaret Ferguson, and herfiance, Mr. Harvey Allen Rogers.The guests for the- evening were:Miss Ferguson, Mr. Rogers, Mr. andMrs. James G. Metcalfe, Mr. andMrs. James Clay Ward, Mr. and Mrs.Jos. W. Davis, Jr., and Mrs. JamesW. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesSpears, Mrs. Charles Miles McKinlay(New York), Mrs. Wm. A. Clarke,(Cincinnati), Miss Virginia Wetherall, Mr. Hugh Ferguson and Mr.Julian Rogers. - -A number of sociai functionswill be given this week in compliment to Miss Margaret Ferguson,whose marriage to Mr. Harvey AllenRogers will be an event of April 29.Mrs. Robert Anderson will entertainat her home in Georgetown, withbridge, Thursday afternoon. Mrs.Joseph M. Hall will entertain witha dinner party Wednesday at herhome on Duncan avenue.Mrs. Louis Rogers entertainedwith a bridge party at her homenear Paris," yesterday, in complimentto her house guests, Miss LetitiaMagoffin, of St. Paul, Hinn., and Mrs.E. H. Dorian, of Memphis, Tenn.,formerly of Millersburg.Mrs. Louis Rogers will entertain at her home near Paris on Saturday with, a tea in compliment ' of.her" house guests Miss Letitia Magoffin, of St. Paul, Minn., and MrsNE. H. Dorian, of Memphis, Tenn.and to Miss Margaret Ferguson,lovlie st of the season's .brides-elect:Miss Mary Ellis, student atHamilton College,-Lexington will entertain at the home of her parents,Rev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis, at Tenthand Main streets, Saturday in honorof the following members of theSorority Beta Sigma Amicron ofHamilton College: Misses Josephine Knight, Elizabeth Holman,Barclay Payne, Hope Strong, Kathleen Caldwell, Doris Lee Northcuf,Elizabeth Perry, Frances Trent,jtfancy Clay, Helen Backer, WilmothChilton, Elizabeth Johnson, Frances Tate, Dott Greene, EstherPreston, Thelma Hamilton, MissWatson, teacher. Miss Ellis, who isone of the most attractive studentsat Hamilton, is one of the eligiblesforthe "Queen of May" at the College, which is to be decided soon bya vote of the students of the institution. (Other Personals on Page 3)IF YOU HAVE WAITEDTill Now For That Spring OutfitYOU WILL FIND OUR STORE READY TO SERVE YOU..NEW ARRIVALS IN MEN'S AND BOYS' SUITS AREHERE TO MAKE YOUR SELECTIONS EASY ANDPLEASANT.. -'Men's Suits"S&Boys' SuitsmmUPUPAS WE ARE OUTFITTERS FROM HEAD TO FOOT,,NATURALLY WE HAVE SHISTS, SHOES, HATS, GAPS,SOCKS, ETC., AS LOWEST PRICES. NLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Deptfhnent619 Main StreetI I Better Values in Men's II am Boys' Wear IiFire, Wind and Lightning InsurTHOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANFOR SALEBrown horse, 8-ears- old; goodworker, double or single; good size.Also - wagon in first-class condition.ED. HERRIN, f18-2t, 203 Main Street.FOR RENTFive-room cottage on Virginia avenue; gas and electric lights. Immediate possession. Apply to(apr!8-3t) KANE BROS.FANCY COOKINGI am prepared to furnish cakes,any size, any price; croquettes;doughnuts, and oil dressing, at reasonable pricesrLYDIA MACK,Home Phone 492 Washington, St..MJ--WE ARE SHOWINGLIVING ROOM SUITES'"'Anrtl. . i -ont thousand nine hundred andtwenty-twoat half after eight "o'clockGlen Iris,' t Paris, 'KentuckyOne of the 'social events oftheafter-Easter season .wilKbe the"hnpnihir Dance,"' to he -given onTriday eveniBAprU .Mfggto'-, the..iicof R)tfphi Cbnafift- 'Hermanha upwt hi TUly a . conmitttee.Iii many designs at rriost reasonable prices,- Let us serve you. - 4 .tent.THE L T. HINTON GO;which liasmrt A O'BftftU WaWKJUW,1 . . -. -m - AfcAv MfchJUM rVm Ilinmn ai riniiinr amm uuAKANiitOF I1 VI m T'll H Ifl la H III 1 1 HlillAIn Anil liArto I (itumhimew -'""r-s P--'- Mtof HaiM lUtorHave You Heard the New Columbia Record Hit"ANGEL CHILD?"". i e -l . .1 !!-. TII ifBuy it now. UolumDia vraroiioi arc nc ucu MMKing macnmes.There are featured in 'the Columbia.you get in no other machine.PARIS, KENTUCKY. SIXTH AND HAM --VV.:yiv-..- -I, m - -'--Ir 0.""lUoa tffM!HMMktat-i:" "r'-t-JGuM&muu wmwmjm yTHIT BOURBON NEWS, PIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, APRII 13,1H1"PAGE SIXv.r ,uITbV WJfTTEESOK'S ESTATE.-TALUED AT $228,500.. Hmry "Watterson, foriner editor oftfc Louisville Courier-Journal, leftm'etate of $238,500, mostly injoTtrmment securities, according tox tke terms of his will probated infjtt Jtfferson County Court at LouSsrille, Tuesday. The income from20,000 is left to Mrs. "Wattersonduring her lifetime and then defends to Mr, Watterson's son,daughter and grandson. The remainr of the estate is disposed of in. "fecial bequests. -. 1Mr.Watterson'i3 .library, curios,.. pictures and other personal belong- ings are left to the Louisville public library, to which he bequeathedffcjOOO.for the construction of aplace to keep them, to be Tinown as"the Henry Watterson alcove."The will was dated June 12, 1921,nd was in the testator's handv writing.roTOULTBY,EGGS ANDMAEKETSBUTTERthe present time, the market hasshown some advance. The presentrains, however, should mean betterpastures and heavier productionwithin the next few weeks, resulting in lower prices.There has been a good, demand inthe past few weeks for live poultryfor the- Jewish holidays, but withthese now past, the general tendency will be or lower values.gARVEY CONTINtJES TO SHEINKAmbassador Geo. Harvey seemsto grow smaller as time goes by.Senator John Sharp Williams(Dem. Miss.,) referred to his relative importance in national affairsin a recent speech on the Four-PowerTreaty. Senator Williams hadmentioned some great names inEnglish history, when SenatorAshurst (Dem., Ariz.,) facetiouslyremarked: "I hope the Senator willnot forget George Harvey.""I decline," said Senator Williams,"to be diverted from the great, sublime heights to which my oratoryhas just a moment ago risen to thecontemplation of George Harvey.Notwithstanding the prevailing influence which the 'Senator . fromBad roads, due to rainy weather,iave held back considerably the receipts of eggs, and as a consequence, Arizona is pntitlefl tn have with me.the market has shown some advance. ' j decline to have my sublimity ofJThe eneral opinion seems to be thought brought down -to Georgethat production is very hea?y and j Harvey. I would not mind it if oneprospects are favorable for heavy1 of pages were mentioned byreceipts in the next few weeks, ' name, but I do not want to foolwhich will possibly bring about lwith George Harvey while I am inlower values, as the present level t earnest about a great national quesseems to be higher than the con- tion."suming trade cares to pay. J 0Bad weather conditions have re- Do you suppose Germany is getsulted in a smaller quantity of but- tin even with her late enemies byterfat being marketed, and as the depreciating the value of her curdemand for butter is very heavy at rency until it isn't worth anything?coiiiDareFUk Premier Tread30 x3 $10.85Horn-Skid Fabric30x31485TCxtra-Ply Red-TopMx 3 17.85Six-Ply Nom-SkidOUKckefCord80x317.85Six-Ply Non-SkidCora Straight Side31x319.85if trTime to Re-tire?(Buy Flak)Six-Ply Non-SkidCord 31x4 $27.00Non-Skid Cord32x4 30.50Non-Skid Cord32 x 4 39.00Non-Skid Cord34 x Ay2 41.00Non-Skid Cord35x5 51.50THE lower prices on Fisk Cord Tires are interesting to you because they buy more tire value thanhigher priced tires can give you. Comparison withother tires will show you Fisk are bigger stronger,and'lower priced throughout the range of sizes.There's a Fisk Tire of extra value in every size,for car, truck or speed wagonu-,- -'VSmall Chick FeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROMt-R. F. COLLIER!Xi:-zxIXIBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTdaphone No. 4 West Fifh StreetSATISFACTI ONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, - and solicityour patronise.DISTANCES OFSTARS MEASUREDNew Method Being Employed by.Astronomers at HarvardCollege ObservatoryBASED ON STUDY OF SPECTRUMVast Collection of Photographs Nov.Being Usel and Exact FigureNo 'Longer Depend on,Old System.Cambridge, Mass. The distancefrom the earth of hundreds of starsare now being measured for the firsttime at Harvard College Observatoryby recently developed methods basedupon a study of the spectrum. It hasbeen found that the huge collectionof photographs of star spectra, assembled at Harvard during the pastgeneration and numbering over 300,000 plates, can be put to a new" usein determining the distance of stars,andlhe work 5f measurement is go-ipg ahead rapldSfSESSSfea,,JtofsJhe-pjflfit number of starlwhose distancesafe""sFlll unknown arethe bright, "comparatively nearbysouthern stars, '-because nearly all .theobservatories where stellar distancesare measured are located in the northern hemisphere. The Harvard astronomers are therefore concentratingmuch of their attention upon photographs of southern stars at the Harvard station at Arequipa, Peru.New Method.The new methods of measuring-thedistance of a star by a study of itsspectrum are based upon discoveriesby a number of astronomers. A remarkable contribution to the subjecthas been made by Dr. Megh Nad Saha,an East Indian, who is assistant professor of physics in the University ofCalcutta.Until recently the only availablemethod for measuring star distanceshas been the parallax method, whichconsists of trlangulation, using thediameter of the earth's orbit as a baseline. In otherwords, observations ofa star are made at Intervals of aboutsix months. During this period of sixmonths" the observer is carried by themotion of the earth to a point some186 miltton miles from that of his firstobservation, and using this distanceas a. base line he can work out thedistances of the nearer stars.Almost allthe stars, however,areso Tastly remote from the earth thateven wltha base line of 186 millionmiles their distances cannot be triangulated. It Is for these more distant starsthat the new methods are used. Atthe Mount Wilson observatory, W. S.Adams "andjiis associates have succeeded in developing a procedure depending on the lines in the spectra ofstars, as photographed with large telescopes fitted out with powerful spec-troscopps. The lines are due to theSSSrgia IfKtlrlhe lta?ssurface by the clouds of iron, nickel,calcium and other "elements tTTat formits-atmosphere. Dr. Berth LIndbladhas" provided- another method, basedupon the examination of the so-called"cyanogen" bands In the spectraThese new methods have been care"fully checked by the older ones.The Next Problem.Now that methods of measuringstar distances from a study of spectra have been worked out, standardized and checked, the next problem isto apply these methods to those thousands of .stars whose distances arestill unknown. One of the 'fundamental tasks of astronomy is to determine how the stars are distributedthrough space, and thte can never beknown until the distances are measured.It is thlsjtask of applying the newmethods for which the Harvard collection of photographs of stellar spectra has been found to furnish excellent material. T give a single example,, photographs made at Cambridge thirty-five years ago give thedistance of Alpha Ursae MaJOris, oneof the "pointers"-in the big dipper,as about seventy-two light years. Inother words the light now coming-infrom that star began its journey about1850, and the light photographed onthe Harvard plates In 1887 started lc1815.Cuts Letter From Alphabet.Sofia. Determination by the goVetnjnent to eliminate a single letter in theBulgarian alphabet was responsiblefor student riota here.TfieficrtJ!r?'JS-FROGS AND SNAILS ON MENUT3 'London Hotel Explains That Amortcans Have Aoqulrod Tartsfor Thsm.London. Frogs and snails have justbeen put on the bill of fare at theSavoy hotel. This news Is accompa-in France have acquired a taste forthemwzn&zMsThose who "have tried snails reportthat the snail part is tough, and thetrimmings -taste too much of garlic.Perhaps the Savoy, snails will be tenderer and the garlie kept in check alittle. At any rate it is" "related thatSir Hali Caine has gone in for the newitems on the bill of fare at the Savoy.The important commercial facr isthat 250 frogs and 200 snails are nowbeing brought by airplane from Paristo London each day. It seems a shameto liurry snails that way, but the dailyorder is going to be doubled."SHIRT-TAIL" CHARLEYVMJgjhkA--m.?.N JLr f rssWaasssssP',WB7i?lNMIIMIIIMilllUlllllllll I IllMeWe Handle All Kinds, ofElectrical Noveftiea, IElectric Washingi.Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing JDishes, Electroliers, All- Kinds of Bulbs, Etc. r -iM-AGas HeaterAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs fand GratesJ?hat are VerylPractical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEginnnimniiniii imiminiim milWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICE'GOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Pord PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs - Storage Supplies(tf) Cars WashedHere is "Shirt-Tail" Charley, one ofthe few remaining Seminole Indiansnow ihFlorida. Some years ago Charley committed a crime for which hischief condemned him for the rest ofhis life to wear nothing more than aplain shirt. Many times he has beentempted to don the gorgeously coloredgarments so typical of the Seminole,but the realization that his life wouldbe the forfeit for the discarding of his"cloak of crime" deterred him.r4444H444444-J444444f444444444944famed tlb the city's "inner tem-Jpie of the Une arts."" , 4It is believed that the care- JWine Cellar Walled UpThree Decades Age FoundBoston. Awlne cellar,, including Maryland rye, Kentuckybourbon and other good liquor,has 'been unwalled" by laborersraising the old Studio building.Tremont and Broomfield streets,.pfv whnrH fhr"rlMrtAfl "ns-nf z sillnf-to. nwntioV on his Jeth1 bed- hi . precutfi ajsinvt44dnwpht The cellar, way wiDdtltt fwmrtsrts, . -TRAPS BEARS AND CRATES 'EMState Nimrod Not Content With Slaying Animals for Hides inPennsylvania. , -Warren, Pa Most of the Warrencounty hunters who go to the bigwoods after ttie bear, are satisfied inshooting Mr. Bruin and then dragginghim home for their neighbors to see.But Chauncey Logue, the state trapper, who has been working in -thislocality, 'has a better solution to thebear-getting problem.Logue, who has been in the trappinggame for many years, places his trapsand when the bear is caught places acollar around its neck and, armed witha heavy club, leads Mr. Bear to thenearest shipping point.A short time ago, after capturing anextra large bear and bringing it in,he -was asked by moving-picture menif he would- take it out of the crate soas to enable them to take pictures. Hecomplied and the pictures taken arenow on exhibition in Pittsburgh.HATES SCHOOL, KILLS SELF"I Wafit to See Mother' Note Lsftfor His Father and Stepmotherby Detroit Boy Says.Detroit, Mich. Resenting and brooding over his father's peremptory orderthat he must continue to attend-school,Arthur Coleman, fourteen years oldshot and killed himself in his homehere. A bitter quarrel is said to haveresulted from' the father's order. In anote the boy left he bade his father-and stepmother farwelL and added i"I want to see mother."Young -Coleman joined -in familyprayers "before retiring at night, and,according to his father, tossed aboutin bed! until 4 o'clock In the morning.He then arose, obtained a rifle, layback on the bed attd shot himselfthrough the abdomen.Coleman was a pupil in Cass TechHigh school and was noted-among hisfellow-pupils for his "boxing ability.Bill Ashes Redeemed.Goshen,7nd. Se;wal days ago RoyKlnny, employed in 'Goshen "garage,received his week's pay in currency inan envelope.. He took it home,- left Itswhere his children found, itifr,&4nto a Ttbve. The ashessnjto the City National bankf,hs aD4forwa'tddtItother-TTisMir1' -r -i - ;-'- ' . "-Z-C -, aepwrtirait --arpE waflbiDfton,were ibjcicftQ lr eb- i. itfiOtJQMus received I ftfrem the JfttiM States juvettt-WGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time' LevelsSr-?-&--K'GET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes,Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the Job for you. -We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTEtfS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399SsssspsA J- JsrTHE TTNLERSAL CAR' i iDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of .the Ford MotorCol, effective January 16, 1922Chassis $285Runabout .-.....?.-.J..,...J..... 319Touring Car ......,2.. 348Truck Chassis ..,.?:-f...... ...:... 430Coupe.,.: .., 580Sedan.. 645(F. O. B. DETROIT)'S".-AJLJr 1ur-sW!K IS vW sWTJHKk'Ba'BF VJ.bP SSB BS BSBkjdBSVis--.fe-i. "MOTOR COMPAfHJMU2 -z-ifii.I3X"Cr-T" &Tf-Tt?TiV. fc v )Z S I 1-j '- r-titmm4met the ether day.E.rr, - -' 1Su ,,'-t. rTUESDAY,7gik u, fanPARIS,KENTUCKY' "" '-- . . . - l V 'J 'V-i- - . "-'.w-- - " 4MBVI "' VkAVYVftA " Hi; -... t- . -.a, .- -' -- -.,- mar PVUltgWI ITOWS,-..v.-.v :-. -, . c .:. - r .rmmimtfm- v . . .-. .WMKEaBSBBK9HHHBiMHMMi. v-- w- - . j- - ; - fsr" -!.--,. j: - ..-r, j- -,.-. : . .;.- " i ' " iv.'r"EARNING! Say "Bayer" when y6u buy Aspirin.Unless you see the name "Bayer" an tablets, you arenot getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physiciansover 22 years and proved safe, by millions forHeadache Colds Rheumatism'Toothache. Neuralgia" NeuritisEarache Lumbago' Pain, PainAccept only "Bayer" package which contains.proper directions.Handy "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Alo bottle of 24 and 100 Druggirta.Aspirin lithe trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of MoaoaceUcaddester of SallcyllcacllPOULTBY,BUTTEE ANDMAEKETSEGGMore favorable weather and better road -"conditions are bringingmore eggs to market, although receipts are still below what is knownas flush production. j sj$Costs of eggs in producing sections hare been higher, proportionately, than selling values in consuming centers, indicating that consumers have definite ideas of valuesat which they are willing to useeggs freely.There is a decrease in the marketing of live poultry, with an easytendency in the market for "dressedpoultry:Production, of butter is showingan incrafese, with definitely lowerTalues the past few days.BADIO AKATETERS WRECKPLANTS IMITATING STUNTSUSEES OF ADDING MACHINES jFor your convenience we are now-carrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine "linen bond paper and absolutely lintlessTHE BOURBON NEWS,oA dispatch says Lenine fears thatsoviet rule will fail. And the rest of'the world hopes it will.FARMERS8MEBANKPARIS, KY,jlBtfan Business Jan. 3, 1916-CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERS"Frank P. Kiser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vic PresidentW. "W. MitohelirCashierJ Jno. W. Yerkes, At CashierDan Feed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1321brighter:EVENINGSlUVfcS M '"VSflSJMaj. Gen., George O. Squire, Chiefof the Army Signal Corps, sent fornewspaper men several days ago andgave a demonstration of radio telephone operation simply hy connecting the apparatus with his electrictable light.When the details of Gen. Squire'sexperiment were published a largepercentage of the smaller radio operators immediately came- to theconclusion that what General Squirecould do they could do.The newspaper accounts did not gointo technical details of GeneralSquire's method and the amateursconcluded that they would no longerhave -to fool with antenna and otherwires, but need merely connect theirmachine with the electric lightsocket.Electric lighting plants in variouscities were nearly disorganized,thousands of homeswere made lightless for days, electricians have donea land-office business repairingdamages, electrical dealers have beenswamped with orders for new fuses,and worst of all, thousands of 'amateur radio owners have had theirmachines completely wrecked;The surprising results obtainedwere due to the fact that the amateurs overlooked the little detailthat an electric light circuit gives10 or more volts, while a radio machine is built to take about six volts.Something had to give. Usually itwas the fuse. Sometimes it was themachine and sometimes it was something else.BEWAEE OF WIRELESS FAKERS!T ATTRACTIVE OFFEMirOfl- - . i "1- -tl k V- -J'-t-rT M. "wT"? -. vErom ; time to , time. THE; NEWSjlias called- attention to -the excel-,lent opportunities offered Intendingpurchasers in getting their goodsfrom Pars stores. We have told ofthe splendid lines carried by thelocal iiouses, and that there was -noreason in the world why home people should noft trade at home, allvthings being equal, when prices"were reasonable. !We arev now calling attention ofthe -buying public to the fact thatthe local stores are stocked for thespring and summer trade- as theynever were -before. The spring-trade "has made a good start here.This is due to two things, the first,being that the stockof goods carried by the Paris merchants werenever better than to-day, and thesecond, because the farmer's financial outlook is decidedly improved,thanks to the co-operative tobaccomarkets ana many otner reasons.The prices of his grain and stockare advancing, and if there is a goodcrop this year in 1922 he will beback on the soundest basis that hehas attained since the war period.THE NEWS is not indulging inidle flattery it never does thatwhen.Iit declares that the offeringsin the local stores are the most attractive of any shown in recentyears, and the increasing number orpersons trading in Paris shows thatthe buyers have already discoveredthat fact."Trade At Home,' is the sloganadopted by the Paris CommercialClub. We are firm believers in that.But at the same time we admonishthe Paris merchants to keep theirstocks up to the standard, and maketheir prices such that trade4 wll beattracted here to offset that whichhigh prices and indifferent treatment and low stocks will invariablydrive to other markets.r.mjmlfttptiH.HM1HVMB ' r-fHBflB., j Take-LAGNTh. WmVi Greatest Tewc. , ' "';TWEHTT-TWO BIIIIOH TEIEPHOHE MESSAGES HT 1921There were 22,000,0000,000 telephone messages carried over the telephone wires of the United Statesduring the year Itil, an average ofover 60,000,000-a day, according tothe report of W. S. Vivian,-of Chicago, vice president ot- the' Tele-pnone Men's Association, speakingbefore the "R otary Club . in NewYork on -"The Service of The Telephone."IN ATTRACTIVE BOXES1 AN APPROPRIATE GIFTMisb HOIvLADAYilEVy Tkiyjefeaher 1IS EQUIPPED TO: DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGCape Cod.Francis Drake was the first Englishman to set foot in New England, andhe landed on Cape Cod. French, Dutch,.Spanish, English all had names forthe cape, but in 1602 Gosnold, examIng the coast of New England with aview to colonizing, gave it the predestined name Cape Cod. An effortwas subsequently made to haye itcalled Cape James,, but without success. o .Washington is our seat of government, and Congress has been sittingon it for so long that it is almostworn out.r. Mabley's Forty-FifthBirthday SaleBegins Monday April 24thj?$s.?.:sg- ?"Jh-Ar--'3.;t"VThis Is The Week VWOffer..-" The Greatest ValuesOf The Year ''-.V-kr.:-Tt's Worth, Your While To ComeYou Can -Save More ThanThe Cost Of Your TripBe Sure to Attend, You are Welcome Vuie ifabley & Carew CoCINCINNATI'S GREATEST STOREFOUNDED 1877rJust Historyla TtThe Colonial DamSpan htr clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greetei her gneitiBy Coal Oil Ught.And later on,How time doM nanHer home wai litByJlicierinsr Qu.Bit the rirl U to-iayWho wants her heme bright,-Tnit-praeitf i WtteiAnd has Electrio Liirht.The latest warning to be sent outis this: Watch out forth'e wirelessfakers! The new generation, sincethe scandalous stock jobbing operations that marked the advent of the'Marconi wireless telegraph concernin which thousands of widows andother poor folks were robbed of theirlife savings, should read a little history. The public is of short memory.It will not be long before the stockjobbers will be at work offering allkinds of alluring propositions identified with the manufacture and operation-of wireless telephone outfits.The danger of being swindled inthese highly speculative enterprisesis in- proportion to the opportunityfor profit, and so a double warningis necessary, because the wirelesstelephone business is, Mestined tostagger the imagination beforemany years have passed. When thethousand per cent, per day proposalsreach Paris, let those with loosechange be cautious. Cupidity is adangerous leader. Follow old General Conservatism, and be safe.Don't you happen to- rememberthe glowing prospects held out bythe oil game promotors in Paris?And haven't you been .able to countall your gains from your oil stockson one hand?oSOME" SCHEMEThe other day a stranger entereda bank in a Western city and wanted to borrow $5. He was told thatthe bank did not lend such smallsums."But," he went on. ""lendingmoney is your business, isn't it?"v The banker admitted it ws."Well, I have good security,' saidthe stranger, "and I want to borrow5." 'Pinallv. the banker, half from fatigue and half from amused curiosity, agreed to make the loan. Whenthe note was all drawn and the interest of 35 cents was paid, thestranger drew from his pocket '$10,-000 worth pi government bonds and'handed them over as security. Before the banker could express hisastonishment the stranger said:"Now, this is something like- it.Over at the. other bank they wantedme to pay $10 just for a safety deposit box to keep these things in!".oWe would never know some peppie had a skeleton in the closetifthey didn't take it out and show jitoccasionally. - 'Paris Gas fe Electric Co.aTVTTVTVVTTFirst to establish the$1022 price-Usco"HE makers of U. S.Tires made thisannouncement lastNovemberHereaf ter the price of the -30x3y2 'Uscy is $10.90v!The lowest price ever quoted ona tire of quality reputation andstandard performanceAnd now, with the opening ofSpring, there seem to be quite anumber of "New and Specialtires" coming into the market inthe $10.90 price range., Perhaps you are wondering justwhat thfere can be either "new"or "special" about these tires. ;It can't be the $10.90 price"Usco" established tfiat fivemonths ago.Nor quality reputation andstandard performance for it takes :more than one fultseasonfor any-;new tire to demonstrate whereit stands in quality and valueWith so many tires rushing into this $10.90 priceUnited -States Tiresxare Good Tires. Copyright1922U.S.-TireCo.field (now that the season promises business from the Americancar-owner), it is worth remember,ing that "Usco" showed its goodfaith by announcing this pricelast fall.The same intent to serve thathas made "Usco" a standard valuefor years.The "Usco" Tire was neverbetter than it is today withits established quality, itsxtime-testedperformance,and its price closely figured in tune with the -timesMmtWM (ml w-i-ml'.11 'mil vHNmy and tot- Ptftfr. WzSlk -tWim' - x . m . fciii i,w TMdffl m m .mM. m, prtcc- wEBmk MMUnited States Tires jmEBSElmUnited States Rubber Company W$SmmmM -'X i- i. Fifty.thre ' TheJOtJest and Largest Two hvmdredahd ' KKKSsKdKIWX ' T ' . Factories Rubber Organization in the World thtrty-five Branch IHKnSBVBut even at that,- Senator ,TomWatepn remained quiet for a go6d.while longer than. ., moat peppl?WhereYouCan BuyXI. S. Tires: 4MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., Milleriburg, Kv:., "" RUGGLES MOTOR CO., Paris, Ky.WHITE FRONT GARAGE, Paris, Ky. 'Arm, : f'.M - " -f5' '"'1r -- -Hf:- v .. 1,4r' I .so ' , V''-" -1-?i-ri,L; uv r un- - ! ',!-i&:1'--r-jF-.-' j3f-ilMiwfetr,tokW-. IV! -qW'-stTC;k;V.-.-. -"V?" --.ELthought he would.- -";''Vr-tt? - -.-'4-. --,i-r.;T-.r.-- --. "---T-r T r--. - -"aia'-viw .. T'ey "-TT-sfe-' ---riii- r.. "'-a3iTs,-'- -4 , r"gjiwTTTiHLii pnrm y ' " "mmjiMii. --,- -- -r - - - - ----i ' i-miFri.'JApags eightr4-hJ'MILLERSBURGrfi: fetoratiig Hews Items From Bout-11 Corihty's College Townz Mr. Blanton Collier of Paris, isnguest of art Miller., ' Key. P. F. Adams, of Flemings-tnz-was a visitor here Friday.j jm.ia. xitva 1UUU5 10 feutou ui u; jhmI Mrs. J. W. Young, in KJralisle.Mrs. A. M. Frazee, of Flemings, lexs, is visiting Mrs. B. W. Wood.Mrs. I. XJ. Brown is visiting Rev.mmM. Mrs. H. R. Laird, in Louisville.Miss Edith Guttery, of Burgin,fc the guest of Miss Marguerite Lay-Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Butler visited, relatives in Mason county the pastweek.Postmaster J. B. Cray was a visitor in Lexington, Thursday andFriday.Miss Patsey Clay Hensley, of"Winchester, is guest of. Miss MarieYeehack.Mrs. Beulah Steen, of Millerslurg College, is visiting relatives in" Glasgow, Ky.Miss Elizabeth Mclntyre is vis-iting her aunt, Mrs. G. W. sHoward,in. Lexington.Miss Mary McDaniel, of Irvine,is guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.'J. F. McDaniel.Mr. and Mrs. James Burroughsiave returned from a several days'stay in Cincinnati.Miss v Niven, of M. C. faculty,spent the Easter holidays in GrandRapids, Michigan.Mrs. Pebble and niece, MissPebble, of Maysville, are visiting Dr.asd Mrs. F. A. Herbert.Mrs. Mary Boston gave the pupils of Purdy school an Easter eggkunt Friday afternoon. vMiss Bernice Bonar, of KentuckyUniversity, is guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Bonar.Mr. and Mrs. George Burberry,daughter and son, visited J. F. McDaniel and family, Sunday.Mrs. S. C. Carpenter and daughter, Ruth, -are visiting relatives andfriends at West Liberty," Ky., The Young Peoples' MissionarySociety will meet at the home of Mrs.Will Butler, this evening at 7:30.Mrs. J. T. Jefferson returnedThursday from a month's visit withrelatives in Los Angeles, California.jut. aiid Mrs. Julian Alien- are5jpaests cf the latter's parents, Mr.v nand Mrs. Guy Eriggs, in Frankfort.- Misses Margaret and -Edith."Wood.'of Maysville, spent the week-'end with Jlieir mother, Mrs. B. W.-Wood.v Mrs. E. Bruce and 'son, Alexander, have returned from a visit. with Mr. and Mrs. J P. Lail, near-Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Homer Wright, ofToccoa, Georgia, are guests cf thelatter's parents Mr. and Mrs.D. P.Jones. -Mr. Vernon Stamper, of Kentucky University, Lexington, is guestof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. AmosStamper." Richard Metcalfe, of KentuckyUniversity, spent the week-end withhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. R.Metcalfe.Miss Katherine Vaught has returned home from a visit with hergrandmother, Mrs. W. B. Payne inCynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Lail, ofBourbon county, were week-endguests of the latter's parents, Mr.and Mrs. S. E. Bruce.Mrs: G. W. Judy, Mrs. T. D.'Judy, Mrs. A. M. Vaught and babespent Thursday in Lexington, withMr. and Mrs. K. B. Hutchings.Miss Virginia Lewis, of Millersburg College faculty, was accompanied to her home in Shelbyville byMiss Janice "Singleton, to spend theEaster holidays.Miss Mary Louise Woods, ofMillersburg College, was accompanied home by Miss Katherine Tarr tospend the Easter holidays with herparents at Stanford.Rev. W. W. Morton, of thePresbyterian church, returned fromMayo Bros.' Hospital, Rochester,Minn., Saturday much improved andfilled his pulpit Sunday morning.Dr. G. W. Nutter, of the Christian church, delivered an excellentsermon Sunday evening on "Decision of Character," to a large aVid appreciative audience. Dr. Nutter isan able speaker and holds the attention of his audience.The following Sir Knights ofthe Carlisle Commandery attendedthe annual Easter sermon at CarlisleSunday afternoon, delivered by Dr.Elmore, pastor of the Christianchurch: Earl Plummer, P. L. Dimmitt and J. B. Cray.Professor J. W. Lancaster, MissClark, Miss Chrisp, Miss Rice, MissVanmeter, Miss Merr, Mrs. FrankBedford, Miss Brown, Misses Margaret and Edith Wood have returned from Louisville, where they attended the sessions of the Kentucky )Educational Association.The Woman's Missionary Auxiliary will have an all-day meeting,Thursday, at the home of Mrs. W. D.Welburn. The hour for the morning session is 10:30, and afternoon2 o'clock. "Mexico" will be the topicwith Mrs. Arthur Best as leadersMembers are asked to respond toroll-call with an item on Mexico.This is the first meeting of the quarter. Please assist the treasurer bybringing dues. The success of themeeting depends upon the presenceof the auxiliary. This means you.2:00 t&5:30 V x 7:00to10:306 s ' .IEugene Waiters'Greatest Success.a- TODAY, TUESDAYFINE FEATHERSWith AnAll Star CastSHE WAS A DISCONTENTED WIFE, and she longed for luxury at the expense of her husband's good name and honor. The pricethey paid, however, was a high one the price that is usually paid when a man commits a crime for the sake of an extravagant wife andis then engulfed in the sea of evil consequence. For breathless, thrilling drama it is unsurpassed with a punch at the finish that is aknockout. Don't miss it.Also "Miracles of the Jungle" and Snub Pollard Comedy, "Stage Struck"ITOMORROW, WEDNESDAYMAY McAVOY JSSfr. "MORALS"THE COLOR AND SPLENDOR OF THE EAST Out of the seclusion and security of a Turkish harem Out of the warmth and languor of the East to be dropped suddenly Into the chill of a London fog Into the bachelor household of a man she had never seen.Ands so into his startled, lonely heart. And there to dwell like a strange, exotic flower until a friend's perfidy, another woman's jealousplotting, and a great danger brought almost too late the realization of loye triumphant.Here is big drama: tense swift-moving scenes gorgeous settings the radiance and emotional witchery of May McAvoy a brilliant cast and one of the great stories of all time one that has thrilled 'millions as novel and play. All the color and splendor of theOrient from the background " for this photo-play masterpiece.Also a Chester Comedy and Pathe NewsTHURSDAY, APRIL 20th"The Journey's End"With Wyndham Standing Mabel Baffinand George BancroftCan, you imagine any strange contrast than between the life she had lived and that which she was now to know? First, linkedto a laborer rough, rugged, uncouth struggling, morning, noon and night to make both ends meet. Then luxury her every wish, anticipated; her every desire fulfilled by the man she loved best in the world. Happy was her heart as she lay in the steamer-chair musing on the days which were past and those which were to come. Little did she know that Fate was building up to the strangest climaxever unfolded either in real life or upon the silver screen. You're going to enjoy every moment of this fascinating picture a picture asbeautiful as it is dramatic, as unusual as it is entertaining.Also Ruth Roland in "White Eagle" and Topics of the Day.ADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAXf-20ca social favorite in the communityand throughout Central Kentucky.BANNISTER BROWNMATRIMONIALftSPRINGOUTFITMen's and Young Men'sLatest Style" Suits$25 - S3G-$3B-S4QBoys' Knee-Pant Suits$5.101 10 20.00Hats the LatestV$31 TOCaps Men's and Boys'50c 182.50VSkirts with, Collar Attached and WithoutCollar$1.00 TO $5.00Easter Neckwear50c TO $2.50sPrice & Co.ClothiersArEecord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe. Days Go ByMarriage licenses were issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, as follows: JamesGillispie, fit Wilmore, and Miss Bessie Purdon, of Nicholasville; IrvineGaunce and Miss Nellie Barlow, bothof Nicholas county.The following marriage licenseswere issued Saturday from CountyClerk Pearce Paton's office: Harrison McCord and Samantha Earlywine; J. Robert Vaughn, Winchester,' and Mrs. Lucy Day Plummer, ofBourbon county; Gilbert Witt andMiss Elizabeth Victoria Moore, bothof Clark county. The latter weremarried in Winchester, Saturday afternoon by Rev. W. A.. Wells.CORD AMPBELL.Wilson Cord . and ' Miss JEmmaDean Campbell, both of Millersburg,were granted a "marriage licenseSaturday afternoon from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, andwere married shortly after by Coun-Dr. W. E. Bannister and Mrs.Bannister, of Lexington, have issuedinvitations to the" we"dding of theirdaughter, Helen, to Dr. G. BedfordBrown, Thursday afternoon, April rj32 I,27, at 5:30 o'clock at the FirstBaptist church, in Lexington.Rev. F. W. Eberhardt, of Georgetown, will read the service and thenuptial music will be given byMissEllen Blanding, soloist,- accompaniedby Miss Edith Rose. .Miss Ruth Bannister, sister of the.bride, will bo her only attendant,and Dr. Charles Kavanaugh will bethe best man. The ushers will beDr. John Herring, Dr. Harry Herring, Mr. John Field and Mr. VileyMcFarfan.Miss Bannister is an unusually attractive young woman, a graduate of JTransylvania College, and the Concord School of Gymnastics. She is amember of Delta Delta fraternity.Miss Bannister taught physical culture in the Paris High School and atHamilton College "for two years.After a wedding trip Dr. Blownand his bride will be at homecin ahouse which is being built for themin McDowell addition.FERTIUZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CARLOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GRADE REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. PRICE. LOWEST HISEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYSTOBRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)As it appears now, the rail laborboard has assumed a fatherly attitude toward the brotherhoods.wkWILD ONIONS CAUSINGL TROUBLEFOR DAIRYMEN.Wild onions again are causingmany Kentucky dairymen trouble inthe form of tainted milk, accordingto jnquiries being received at theCollege of Agriculture. The onlyknown way to handle the problemis ta take cow3 out of the pasture:;infested with the weed several hoursbefore milking time, J. J. Hooper,head of the college dairy departmentsays."We have found that much of thetrouble can be eliminated by turning the cows nrto, the infested pasturcs immediately after they havebeen milked and then taking themout in three or four hours and placing them in a barn lot or clean,pasture until they are milked. It iawell also to pour the milk over acooler as this helps to get rid ofsome cf the cnion odor and flavor."Senator Watson and CongressmanBlanton have" beerf -furnishing someinteresting reading matter to theCongressional Record even if theyhave been doing nothing else.What do you suppose the peoplewho used to manufacture corkscrewsare doing for a living now?If ftPLUMMER VAUGHNThe home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theChristian church was the scene of apretty wedding Sunday afternoon attwo o'clock, when Mrs. Lucy DayPlummer of Paris, and -Mr. J. Robert Vaughn, of Winchester, wereunited in marriage. The-attendantsl.were Mr. and Mrs. I. C. Haley andMrs. Charles Welty, the latter a sister of the bride.The bride was very handsome andattractive " in her wedding gown, aty Judge George Batterton in his vayeimg suit ot darK blue, and car-private office in the court house. Thegroom is a son of Mr. and Mrs. SinkCord and the bride a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Dan Campbell, of Millersburg.WRIGHT McfNTYREAnnouncement was-- receivedhere by Paris relatives announcingthe marriage at Rushville, Indiana,of Robert Mclntyre, formerly ofParis, to Mrs. Wright, a trainednurse, of Rushville, which tookplace there on April 12 Mr. Mclntyre is a son of the late Joseph andniusgie4xiuiit;y ivxcurcyre, ana is aJnephew of Mrs Nannie J. Ransdll,of Paris.CLAY BROUNThe wedding of Miss MaryClay, daughter of the late Col. E.F. Clay, and one of the hondsomestand most attractive young women ofBourbon county, to Jtfr. BeverlyBroun, a prominent young businessman of Charleston, West Va., willtake place at the home of the brideelect, "Runnymeade," near Paris,Paris, Thursday afternoon. The' ceremony will be performed' by Rev.W. JB. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, at four o'clock.The wedding will be a quiet one,only the members of the families .being present. The wedding will bethe culmination of a romance xwhictybegan' while -Miss Clay was a guestat the home of her brother, SMr.Buckner Clay, prominent in legalcircles of Charleston. The announcement of the wedding will be received with great pleasure by the manyfriends of, the charming bride-elect,ried a bouquet of Ophelia roses. Following the ceremony and receivingcongratulations and best wishesfrom a number of friends, Mr. andMrs. Vaughn left for a visit to thebridegroom's sister, Mrs. C. H. Hall,in Normal,' 111. On their returntney win resitte-on a tarm. near!Clintonville, which has been leasedfor the fear by Mr. Vaughn.The bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. C. Day, and a sister otMrs. CJiarles Welty. of Paris. v Shewas he widow of Clarence Plummer, well-known railroad man, whowas killed in a mine accident whileagent of the Louisville & Nashville,at Chavies, Ky., about three yearsago. She has two charming chilctrenT Mi. 'Vaughn owns a fine farmnear Winchester, which he is leaving for the privilege of being aBourbon colinty farmer and the husband of a fine Bourbon bounty woman.o-'WAS PROBABLY DEATH AUTOWhile visiting relatives in Georgetown recently Logan Bryan, of nearParis., 'suffered "the loss of his automobile, which- was stolen- from infront, of a residence where, he yra,gcalling. The car was a BuicK, bearing the "license number 10580. Nonews of the .machine had been received up to -yesterday.o . .FINE FOR SHEEPALFALFA LEAF SHEEP FEED' 1STFINE FORSHEEP AT TOlS-DCEi90- -IOFYEA1. LET US'SUPPLT TOT,Spring Shoe Specials!Extraordinary Money-Saving Opportunity!Latest Spring Slipper Novelties!For Every Member of the Family at Economy PricesCOME HERE THIS WEEKiIS See the newest styles the wonderful valuesnowon display and ycu will buy better sheet betterstyles at much less prices.'SvEXTRA SPECIALSValues .that are real! Smart styles Ladies' NewestSpring- Patent Strap Slippers, Tan Oxfords, mediumheelsiiat low rubber heels, a grand assortment of styles,Special price :$3.95Ladies' Satin Slippers, Patent Slippers,Tan Lace Oxfords. All have frQ inrubber heels. Easter Special. . . . JU.TU- Boys' and Girls' Easter Shoes$3.00 Slippers,$1.99Men's Spring Oxfords and Shoes, tan andblack, English Brogue styles, &Q flCJJ.DdMisses' and Children'sNewest Styles Our.price -Blucher styles. Easter specialLittle Gents' and Youthg' TanEaster, all sizes 10 to 2.Special v. '.Shoes for.$1.99Ladies' Tan and Kid Low Heel Oxfords,$3.50 values. &n jaOur price . J .43Ladies' and Growing Girls Tan and LowHeel Oxfords.Extra Special ".Children's $2.00 Slippers, sizes5 to 11. Special. ...Men's Tan and Gun Metal Shoes.A real value. Special$1.99$1.49$2.99It Pays to Trade at This Store !Great Reductions in Ladies' and Men's Walk-OverV Shoes and Slippers - ;r t'VDAN COHENParis' Greatest Sfioe StoreWhere Beauty and EcooyRcif nWl "-fevh?yvifcSt-tf-' -43"&g:z?Z:m$s,-lf cyU --Nf-i 6EfIM&t''J'fete3Hr & -i ,- &, 'w1y-fi.&j-'e-f -fi&ir..-.. el---f"r!lLViW".- ":a33y ,rT- - '"f&r ' J9. 'iSlsi'iSSCrmtmim- J-SjjS V. . yef. Vf '-kr15rt.y-fcfegi ratyatyvritpw-T- --; TKT " '- i . . , .-5. .JK 'wfT&&BltoStCi&-&eMtyr&2f!- -"?'iMKnmf-vrtUH,AyAwn -rf mjf'iytf;-.. &L-' t .. - ,- . J ' , f V S ' 37r "'ftrVr-l.F. COLLIE