rI--a-THE' -'set J 'f 374 ?"....PUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY LN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1S22BOURBONNEWS4"fSBTPOBT THE HEALTH ANDWELFARE LEAGUEOn next Thursday afternoon, atthree o'clock, the annual meetingof the Bourbon County Health andWelfare League for the election oofficers will be held in the CountyCourt room.Every white person in Paris andBourbon county over sixteen yearsof age, who is not already a member, is invited and urged to becomea member of the League. This workhas been carried on for the pasteight years by just a few men andwomen of the community, and whilewords of approval are greatly appreciated, new and interested workers are needed.It is generally recognized that theLeague has been a success and hasnow become a necessity, but thequestion arises: Are the citizens ofthe county doing their part, andhow long would the League havecontinued in existence if it had beendependent upon their contributionsof time and money?The time of the year for replenishing the treasury of the League isalso at hand and a new plan hasbeen devised, which, if successful,will enable it to do new and moreefficient work. The merchant, thefarmer the professional man, areasked to come into the League as"$10.00 Members." They are asked,men and women, to come in now asa "$10.00 Member," or at least as aregular member, and give theirmoney and co-operation in this mostnecessary and worthy work.Remember the date and place' ofmeeting, the County Court room inthe Bourbon county court house, atthree o'clock, Thursday- afternoon,October 5. If you find it impossibleto come there, leave your dues atthe First National Bank.AN ACKNOWLEDGMENTPKECIATI0NOF AP-JThe Woman's Society of the ParisChristian church gratefully ac-knoweldges the courtesy vof the Parks& Sweeney Company, of Lexington,who so generously presented thocoffee, and served same, for the dinner given at the old Cane Ridgachurch, on Friday, September 29.MRS. J. B. CLAY, President.MRS..THOS. W. ALLEN, Sect'y.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CHOP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.(29-tf) B & C0- C' -'THE PRIDENEWFALL WOOLENS. POIRET-T WILLS PIQUETJNESi. -TRICOTINES- PRUNELLAS V fSERGES BROADCLpTHSALLTWOOL" JERSE'YSW-OOLr -CREPESAND CHALLTES - .. 5WIDTHS 39 TO 54 INCHESALL THE AUTHENTIC SHADESAND NEW PALL COLORSMILLINERYSMART PATTERN HATS THATHAVE JUST ARRIVEDMANY WONDROUS SHADES ANDUNUSUAL SHAPESYOU'LL JUST 'LOVE THE NEWv.HATS ON DISPLAYATifegDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KJENTUCKYOFEICEES ARREST ALLEGEDHOONSHINEPEDDLERBill Rankin, colored residing near , A crowdestimated at approxiParis, was placed under arrest on'mately 2,500 gathered Friday mornthe Georgetown pike, near this city, ing at old Cane Ridge church to payearly Sunday morning by Sheriff M. , tribute to the memory of BartonPeale Collier and Deputy Sheriff Jas. .Warren Stone, forerunner of AlexGibson, charged with having mooff-'ander Campbell, recognized foundershine whisky in- his possession, and of the Christian denomination. Thetaken to the county jail. (program was given from a platformThe officers were looking for Ran- which had been erected from a sidekin, and finally encountered him window of the historic church. Thenear the intersection of the George-. building was crowded with -thosetown and Cynthiana pikes, ap- who wished to be seated, yet theproaching Paris. He was command- great mass-of those present stood oned to stop, and when the machine! the outside. This was the closingwas searched, a pint of whisky wasfound in it. Just before the officersapproached Rankin tossed a pint' in century.bottle into the weeds at the side of j The Rev. W. E. Ellis, chairmanthe road. This was found by the introduced the first speaker, followofficers, and contained a quantity of ing music .by the Christian churchmoonshine whisky. Another half- choir, a prayer by the Reverned Mcpint was found concealed in the Garvey, Mrs. Ida Withers Harrison,weeds near the roadside. When the of Lexington, who took as her subsearch was made a revolver was also ject "A Retrospect."fund on Rankin's person. Another I Mrs. "Harrison e-nvo RirotMi ntcharge 'of carrying concealed adeadly weaponagainst him.wasregisteredCLEAN-UP SHOOTThe Bourbon Gun Club will holdtheir regular shoot to-morrow(Wednesday) afternoon. The trophy for their shoot will be $10.00in trade, donated by Grinnell Bros.This will be a good chance for U,U5C' "m ""cu mmioieia UI a11 uc"some shooter to "clean up' his old nominations m helped in the preachclothes. We will have only three in5; , She described the "jerks"more shoots, as the traps will bejwhl.ch overtook men and womenclosed for the season on November , dunns the meeting, and called atVisitors always welcome.ROXIE DAVIS, Secretary.QNOW IS THE BEST TIME,Task." Doctor Miller lauded theNow is the best time to select early work of Barton W. Stone, emChristmas and greeting cards while phasizing the fact that at all time3all the lines are compie'e. We have hi3 religion: was one cf the heartthe finest line cf samples to be hacWnd that he believed that salvationand will be glad to show them to Yas possible for every man n hoyou. Coma in now. would foresake evil. Le converted toTHE BOURBON NEWS " JOBDE-FAKTMiiiNT.PAZI3 VOTERS LIZJ3T 'REGISTER,Voters residing in .Paris votingprecincts must register Tuesday, inorder to be eligible to vote in No-vember, and. at all special primaryand regular elections for the nextyear. The general registration lawdeclared invalid oy me suourt 01 Ap-perls in July did not. affect, cityvo ers, who must-register as neretc-fore.OF PARIS'i3iukvV&fCANE EIDGE JPHGEIMAGE CLOSESCHURCH CONVENTIONsession of' conventionthe nineteenth annualof Christian churchesgave athe life 'of Barton W. Stone, statingthat he was' born in Maryland in1772 and came to Kentucky in 1792,j working his way through Virginia,North Carolina and Tennessee;preaching as he came. It took sevenmonths for him to make the trip.She gave a vivid description of thememorable meeting of 1801, whenbetween twenty and thirty, thousandpersons were in attendance at Canetention to tne tact tnat nunareaswere converted.Mrs. Harrison was followed byDr. R. H. Miller, of Kansas City,j whose subject was "Our Unfinishedthe gospel o Jesus, be baptized, re-pent of his sins and lake the gospel'vs his guide. He stressed the factthat so many souls were won byStone because of his loving heart.Lunch was served on the gioundsby the woman's society cf the Pari3Christian church, the food beinggiven by the various Christianchurches in the county,Over seven hundred pound3 olLafayette coffee donated by theParks & Sweetfey- Coffee CoLexincr-on. -nrenared and served un-dor the supervision of their psrsonalrepresentative, Mrs. C. B. Harrison,of Lexington, formed a most re-freshing part of the menu. A voteof thanks for Mrs. Harrison and thecompany was tendered in a resolution from the Woman's Society ofthe Paris church. There was plenty of food lor everyone, and thenplenty left over after all had been'served.After lunch Dr. A. W. Fortune, ofLexington, delivered an address on"Barton W. Stone's Contribution toOur Movemenv' giving the pioneerKentucky minister credit for thedeath of Stone. The one was working in Kentucky while the otherwas working in Pennsylvania and"Virginia, each preaching practicallythe-s'ame doctrine for many yearsbefore they met in Bourbon county,at Cane Ridge church, and thereand at Concord, held meetings. t Homer Carpenter of Richmond, alsospoke on the early history of thej ch'urch.I A campaign was launched formally to raise $20,00fr to convert theold Cane Ridge church into a permanent memorial for Barton W.Stone. It is proposed to restore the'old church to its condition of 12ft,years ago and then erect a largerbuilding to enclose the ancientstructure. The plea for, the memorial fund was made by the Rev. R.M. Hopkins, of St. Louis, secretaryof religious education for. theTTnito1 flll'ietion MioniAnnm. CnJn4.Tr !"""su "" """ oouietjr.iureaay $z,zuu nas Deen pledged.rue remainder will be raised in anational campaign to be conductedsoon,On exhibition inside the churchwere many of the personal effects ofElder Stone, which the Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch had requested that Mrs. A.E. Morgan, of St. Louis, Mo., grand-daughter of Elder Stone bring withher. As she was unable to attendthe memorial, the' relics werebrought byv BarclayMeader, editorof the Christian-Evengelist, of St..Louis.The meeting was closed by theRev. Mark Collis, of BroadwayChristian church, Lexington, wfco,following a few remarks, called attention to the fact- that Mrs. SamClay, who ,was present, was thegranddaughter of William Rogers,who was for many years associatedwith Barton W. Stone and who livedand preached in that neighborhood.Represenentatives of a Cincinnatimoving pictura corporation werepresent, and made a series of "closeup" and general views of the biggathering, the old ehurchvand thecemetery adjoining. JThese-will beTfEWS OF THE COURTSTn the County Court Judge Geo.Battefton held Cash Crow to thegrand jury on a charge of drawinga pistol on Charles Whaley duringa balloons ascension in this cityabout two weeks ago.Sheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriff James Gibson arrestedRoy Vansant, a young white man,of near "Paris, on a charge of takinga bird dog, the property of J. SimmsWilson, of Paris, and selling it toan Ohio man. Following the loss ofhis dog, Mr. Wilson advertised in aCincinnati paper, offering a rewardfor the dog's recovery. A few dayslater he received a letter from anOhio man, stating that he had purchased a dog answering the description. Mr. Wilson went to Ohio,where he found the man had resoldthe dog to a party in West Virginia.Going to the West Virginia town hefound the dog, which he recognizedand proved his property. The latest owner being willing to relinquish any claims to the animal, thedog was restored to Mr. "Wilson, whorepaid to the, West Virginia manthe money he had paid out. Thearrest of Vansant followed Mr. Wilson's return to Paris. Vansant willbe given a hearing before CountyJudge Batterton Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.Henry Thomason, of 'fhe county,wasarrested Saturday charged withforging a check for $20 on theMansfield & Jefferson Lumber Co., ofParis, by signing the name of A. B.Thomason, a prominent Lexingtonattorney. Thomason waived examining trial and was. held to the November grand jury on $300 bond.0CARLISLE CHRISTIAN CHURCHCENTENNIAL CELEBRATIONThe congregation of the CarlisleChristian church is makine: extensive plans fcr the can-'annial cele-!oration to be held October 5-S. Thecelebration will mark the ono hundredth anniversary of the foundingof the church in Carlisle.All of the preachei-3 who havecarved 'this chuich who are now living have been invited to be present. Siirco the Christian churchhas been established m Carlislethere have been 25 minsters. JohnRogers, the first pastor of thechurch, served 47 year3 until his f Ccttingham left Sunday afternoondoath in 1SG7 Th nr'pir m?tor!for nis new Post. Mrs. Cottinghamis R. E. E'more, who came from!171 3 aicer a snort visitI Phoenix, Arij., last September. Thecuuicu iias a memuersnip 01 more.than seven hundred persci.3. !Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of thothe Paris Christian church, is on theprogram for an address at the afternoon session on Saturday, October 7.PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBELLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.wtl-3t) (Incorporated)HORSES KILLED Bt LIGHTNING..Ernest Stone, farmer, residing onthe Jackstbwn pike, about threemiles from, Paris,, was driving awheat drill, to which three horseswere hitched abreast, when a flashof lightning came from what apparently was a clear sky, killing thethree horses instantly.Mr. "Stone was not hurt or stunned by" the lightning, and at firstwas unable to understand what had"Happened." Investigation showed thateach of the animals had been killedby the shock, the lightning thenpassing along the iron tongue of thedrill to the wooden swingle trees,whe're" it leaped to the ground. Thefact that Mr. Stone was holding theneather Hne jneach hand, "Vhichlacted asa" non-conductor, probablysaved his life.SPECIAL COUNCIL MEETING.At a special meeting of the CityCouncil yesterday morning, the contract between the city and LouisDescognents & Co., of Lexington, forthe resurfacting and reconstructionof South Main street,- from Fourteenth to Twentieth streets, wassigned. Tlie contractors will gettheir machinery and material on theground and begin the work at once.Should the work not be finish beforethe beginning of winter the thoroughfare will--be put in condtion totemporarily take care of traffic.shown at the various theatresthroughout Central Kentuckytowns.The Cane Ridge pilgrimage closedthe convention, which: had been insession, in Paris 'since Monday afternoon. The -delegates were prof usev inutheir praise of! PtrislioiirfAtalitjr,-Jd- departed, witii2-"good:kwiskM- frtheirr frostsCOMMER-A Paris man who is very much interested in Bourbon county, and itspoints of interest, makes the suggestion that the Commercial Clubshould have a large sign paintedand placed over both entrances tothe Nld covered" bridge spanningStoner Creek, at the foot of Mainstreet, bearing the words, "ThisBridge Was Erected in 1833, byLouis Wernwag." t fHe further states that his suggestion was inspired by frequent inquiries made by tourists passingthrough Paris, who comment on theapparent old age of the, structure.Louis "Wrenwag was in his day anoted civil engineer and bridgebuilder, who designed and constructed some of the notable bridgesthrough this section, which havewithstood the ravages of time andthe stress of weather.The suggestion is an excellentone, and should be carried out bythe Commercial Club. Then, someday, perhaps, when the old relic isreplaced by a modern steel structure, we may recall how the oldbridge demonstrated the valueof good material and thoroughworkmanship.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)COTTINGHAM TRANSFERREDMr. and Mrs. Wayne T. Cottinghamreturned to Lexington and Paris,Saturday night from a honeymoontrip to Chicago, Milwaukee and othed Northern cities. While in Chi-Chicago, Mr. Cottingham, formely amember of the Lexington Leaderstaff, and more recently night ed-iter for the Associated Press at Lou-isville, visited the headquarters ofthe Associated Press .for the CentralStates, where' he was located forseveral months, and was induced toabbreviate the honeymoon for afew hours in order to accapt an as-SUGGESTION TO THECIAL CLUBsignment at Jefferson City, Mo., as future, begin the erection of a twoState Associated Press editor. Mr. story frame apartment house on thevltn ner Parents, Mr. ana Mrs. A.""""- -.-to ....Fashions and Fabrics AlwaysNewIs the aim of the Autumn Suits and howadmirably they succeed is plainly seen inthese new models. Be it simple or elaborate, each is ' stunning in line, in color, infabric, in trimming or lack of it. ' You willlike them all. The prices are interestinglymoderate.FRANK &CO.EJWDEESr QOTFITTERS--.-GRIDIRON WARRIORS TATE THEThe Paris High School team wtdI defeated Friday afternoon in th fgame played on Hancock Field witi.the Georgetown College freehmea Tjra score of 3 to 0. A place kickfrom the twenty-five yard, line wuthe only score.Paris had a much better team, om'the field Friday than was seen in.action on the same field a week ago,and at times gained yard after yardonly to lose the ball within strikingdistance of the goal. Deakin gotaway several times for ten to thirtyyards run, bringing the fans totheir feet.The Georgetown team isja stronfc,well-drilled aggregation, and armuch heavier than the locals. Parisdeserves a great deal of credit -forholding as well as they did. Thlocals played a good game to thevery last.Among the most notable gamesplayed on the gridiron field Saturday by Kentucky college" teams were "the following: Centre College, 21,Clemson, S. C, 0; Kentucky University, 16, Marshall, 0; KentuckyWesleyan College, 7, Eastern' Normal School, 0.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSAuctioneer M. F. Kenney sold infront of the court house door yesterday morning for Master Commissioner O. T. Hinton, ninety-sevenand one-quarter acres of "land belonging to the N. H. Bayless estate,located on the Hume and Bedfordpike, near Paris, tc Geo. K. Redmon,for $165 an acre. The place has anumber of improvements, includingbarns, on it.Matt Lair purchased from Mrs.Julia Houston and the heirs of thelate Joseph Houston, 330 acres oflnT1f1 Tnp;,fpf1 Qf fho ' intorooinn nthe Clay and Kiser pike, and theBrentsville pike, for about $50,000.The land is well improVea, withbarns, a brick dwelling house, etc.Mr. Lair will move to and occupythe farm about March 1, 1833.Judge II. Clay Howard, it wasstated yesterday, will in the near-site of the barber shop which wasrecently destroyed by fire on Tenthstreet. Tne new Duiiamg win con-tain tour apartments and will De"iuu"" tf-'... ". ..iitJU1hr?ctfc,eT"-V-is,'V-- -'HfcAPCBTWOTHE BOURBON NEWSJPARIS, .KENTUCKYTHE BOURBON NEWSri 18f l-lftl Yean of Continnons PublicationjMbliaked Every Tuesday and Fridayr Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash, in Advance..4IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.nSmtcred at the Paris, Kentucky,VMtoffie as Hail Matter of theSecond Class.)nent Paris physician at?counter Ifcus engaged..The o"ne who playaThe flageoletDeserves the kicksHe's sure to get.lunch cb-OPEBATIIQESTO r HOLDilICrMEETIMa-OM SAPIRO'SrCAIL-4HTE FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. - ITew York American Press Asso-,tMILducago Lord & Thomas!JRiikdelpnia N. W. Ayers & Son.-Atamta Maasengale Adv. AgencyCininnatiBlaine Thompson. CoLomisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESPresident- and General -ManagerJames C. Stone, of the Burley To-.bacco Growers' Co-operative Association has received word that, onA Louisville man who says he at- the .suggestion of Senator Arthurtacked another man because that tapper, of Kansas, made to Aaronman charged him with smoking ci- Sapir0 ' general counsel for most ofgarettes, was fined for malicious as- c0'0perative marketing associa-sault. Well, hasn't a man a right , x TT0x0oa Q n!ltlnn.lions iu tue uuii-cu MVWI.V.W, - ....al gathering of farmers interestedin the co-operative movement willbe held in Washington in the near'rm 4! --r .mi unit mttttf'f ft'T't J 1"Cascarets" 10cBest Bowel LaxativeWhen Bilious,Constipatedto defend his reputation?The druggist 'has to smile -"To sell a 2-cent stamp.It hardly seems worth whileBut he his nerves must clampSome dame comes sailing inDressed in the latest styleWhereat he has to grinAnd crack a gruesome smile.It has been found that the Biblefuture, probably following the National conference of leaders of tobacco co-operatives, which is to beheld in Kentucky this fall.The proposed convention -at Washington will include representativesof all the Co-operative Associationsin the country, the tobacco growers,the California4fJl..SXJifi:M ?iMrv'tmJf -ir&r-. -Z.TTjrePAYOCTOBBR tM2AJ!t:Mo Hmlo. "Jud Tunklns sys$ne camera has become a great power? Btlt people neveryet electeda man to office"' simply btcanse he took a good photograph.Washington Star.FOR SALLMRS.(26-tf)Display Advertisements, $1.00 perSch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.r Reading Netices,, 10 cents per linech' issue; reading notices in blackA2tF9e, 20 cents per line, each issue.- Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiserstents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserveddecline any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political officessanust invariably be accompanied byrke cash.Any erroneous reflection upon the.character, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation'-which may appear in the columns-at THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to the-attention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSOne way to get a line on the lat23St in negligee is to consult thefashion magazines, but a better wayIs to wait for a hotel fire.Considering that he is supposed tol?ray for everybody, it is not surprising that the preacher sometimes3rays with a slack enthusiasm.The New York Herald says too;many men go to college. THEJNEWS 'has no fear that a thorough-education will cause any young man"to stop imbibing information and-avisdom from its columns.THE ROYAL TITLEWhen baby lips are pressed to mine,And baby hands are in my hair,And baby eyes are all a-shine,My heart forgets all worldly care;And in the harbor of a dreamThat fades not on the dying day,I find life's holiest comforts gleamAbout the hour of baby play.I envy not the rich and great,I would not trade with any King;My cabin is of royal stateThe while I hear my baby sing;I have no wealth, I have no fame.But I am greatly proud and gladTo own an even nobler name;I am a happy youngster's dad.existencebe repre-CHINN ACT SAVES STATEThe ukulele was unknown inJHawaii until it was introduced bysari" American. We have always suspected that it was an American who.suggested the pyramids to the EgypDispatcnes m tne daily papers!-stold of- physicians reporting the-casQ of a baby that distinctly said""Mother" an hour after it wasSborn. As Ananias was a layman, of- -course he could not be expected toJbes.t the .scientists.Dean Brown, of the Yale Divinity35chool, is quoted as saying that theEWorld is not fit to live in, and ispeopled by men who are not good- emough to live. No divinity doth3iedge about the Dean to prevent!U3iis liaving dyspepsia.mA woman out West got drunk onT3amaca ginger and stabbed her hus"Suuid with a pair of scissors. Now,rs!rkaps the spouse is looking fort--$h& man who first promulgated theadvice to marry a woman withplenty of ginger.A writer on a woman's magazinesstates that the second marriage;rhould be conducted with muchjanore ceremony than the first. Em-j-Kently proper. The days of bunk;and "hokum are over when the sec--amd marriage comes around.Orva Lee Ice, an evangelist, said- "recently in a sermon at Kalmazoo,.-Mich., that when he gets to Heaven3iie intends to spend his first 150,--SOOOyears studying music. At theexpiration of this period, Orva willprobably be able to play second fiddle to the leader of Symphony Orchestra No. 22,965,844, DepartmentrX, Division T.,991.An American poetss, Judith'""""Tractman, says in a recent poem:-1 wish I were a bug,A little fat cool bug,Blinking at the sun."Forego, Judith, such ambitions,-JJoc fat, cool little bugs have a habit--ot getting on the frog's bill of fare,--&K& thea they are no longer fat and- -cooL neither do they blink at the-sua.-A Louisville paper states that pieass 3xot harmful for breakfast. At-sany Tate, innumerable Kentuckianswio have asked for the second-a::wewm4 piece of pie pretty regularlyv-sat breafcf ast have not asked medical-"advice, eftener than the rest of us'liars Teauired it. The firsttime we-Tr saw anyone eat pie for break-oc o coriai i rtoiiv rs ia a trood tne cotton proauueia,circulation feature. Maybfe that'll co-operators handling- fruits, raisins,settle the hash of the cynic who at-1 prunes, nuts and other products;tributes to an unclean lust for cir-'the wheat growers' associations;culation the disposition of newspa- the cotton and bean growersin,. t tn v.pn .inrir th far.fc that a ' fact, every form of co-operativehnnk has been robbed or a leading marketing association in.. a a iin the United States willUiii&eu iuuiucicu. isented.Mr. Sapiro already has written tooutstanding leaders of the "variousassociations with a view to the formation of a committee to havecharge of the details -of the convention, in which leaders of the burleyorganization undoubtedly will playa prominent part, as representativesof one of the most successful of allthe American associations the firstyear of its existence.According to the informationreaching President Stone, SenatorCapper suggested the calling of thisnational conference of co-operativesfor the purpose of bringing to theattention of congress their joint recommendations for forthcoming ruralcredits legislation to provide government aid for financing the orderlv marketing of the various farmVS. 1 1 rt J. 1 ! f I V wuutcroppmgs oi tne anu-racing , products controlled by these associa-HgiLciLiuu ieca.ii i no. i siAieeu .yetiiaago the sport of kings was placedunder State supervision and hassince been conducted under theseauspices. The Legislature of 1906passed the Racing Commission actthat took over the conduct of thesport and legalized the system ofpari-mutuel wagering on .Kentuckytracks.Much of the credit for presentracing conditions in Kentucky isdue the late Col. Jack Chinn, awidely known turfman, for he didmuch to save the sport from annihilation. Outlawed at a low ebb inKentucky when the Legislature metin 1906.Colonel Chinn was a Representative in the body and took the leadin racing reform, pressing to a successful -conclusion the . legislation tobring this about. Under the circumstances saving the sport was likesnatching a brand from the burning. ? -aoUnder State supervision racingwas conducted on a more elevatedplane, and other States that hadbanned the sport have adopted theKentucky law than transformedconditions. Colonel Chinn's foresight was not shared by other, turfmen and he had to put up a stifffight to bring about the reforms heset. about to accomplish in the interest of the breeding industry.He told the opposition that eitherthe 'bookmaker" or racing had togo and that he intended that itshould not be the latter if he couldhelp it. .it! iJslHJPWhatever, may be the outcome ofany anti-racing movement in Kentucky, the fact remains that to Colonel Chinn, probably more thananyone else, devotees of the sportowe the chance of seeing the flyingthoroughbreds in action and thechance to wager on them.tMIMIIMIHMIIMMMMIMMMIMMMIMMMmiWTn nlpan nut vnnr hnwpls withoutcramping or overacting, take Cas-!laild,2VoneJ5hcarets. Sick headache, biliousness,gasses, indigestion sour, upset stomach, and all such distress gone forgrown-ups and children. 10c a box.Tastes like candy.(adv-T)oPEEFECT CHILD POUND INTENTH ANNUAL TESTRhode Island Red pullets andSussex , cockerells. Call Cumber-OLLIE C. HEDGES,Ifcmta 8, Paris, Ky.Kentucky -can boast of a perfectgirl. Virginia May Miller, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Carl Miller, ofJeffersontown, Jefferson county,champion baby in the State Fairbaby healthy contest. Of 3,000 children examined by specialists in tenannual contests. Virginia is the firstone found not to have a single blemish.FARMERS S TRADERS-BANKEVENINGSJust HistoryPARIS, KY.SPARE-TIME MONEYtions.Mr. Sapiro's proposal to have theconference details in the hands of acommittee of leaders of co-operativemarketing organizations was said tobe acceptable to Senator Capper.Senator Capper, according to information reaching President Stone,has declared that the co-operativemarketing associations, as purelybusiness organizations of farmersfor the purpose of merchandisingfarm products in an orderly manner,should be heard in the matter ofproposed government credit agencies and that the best way to getthe consensus of opinion of thefarmers is in such a conference.Senator Capper, who is a prominent member of the so-called "farmbloc" in the Senate and a proprietor of a string of successful agricultural publications, expresses the belief that the conference 'will notonly result in a" unified view-pointregarding credit legislation, butthat it will give the American cooperators an opportunity to discusstheir many common business problems.Do you know a man or woman inyour town who can use $25.00 to$50.00 extra money a months madein an interesting, pleasant and sparetime business?Mrs. Tillman, of Portland, Oregon, made $135.62 in five days.Many make from $5.00 to $10.00daily, and look after their home duties. Perhaps you, yourself, would beglad to make this extra money. Ifso, you will be interested in the"Royce Money Book," which hasshown hundreds of men and womenthe way to financial independence.It will tell you how you can haveyour own sales business and earnmoney for longed-for luxuries andcomforts.One of the oldest and best-knownmanufacturing companies will beglad to send you without charge the"Royce Money Book," which willshow you how to become a successfulbusiness man or woman. Write forit to-day.THE ABNER ROYCE COMPANY,Box 68-D, Station "B," Cleveland,Ohio. (It)DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEQUICKFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALBtgan Business Jin. 3,1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiier, President3. L, Weathers, Vlc PresidentW. yff. "Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921Ii7lThe Colonial Dame S- '.Spun her cloth iBy'Can'dle flame. "In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her rnestsBy Coal Ofl light "And later on, :How time does patsHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BABBEBS 4'Modern EquipmentExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSl I IHH 1 1 I'.M."M..M"M'l"I ! 1"M'GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive. ServiceDay137BOTH TELEPHONESNight299niHHmwiHIWWWWHIIIIMMIIIIMI?35i32MOTHER! MOVE CHILD'S BOW-ELS WITH CALIFORNIAPIG SYRUPBILL WAS GOOD PALBill never won a great renown,He never piled up scads of gold;His name will not go thunderingdownThe ages as a hero bold;He lived a quiet little lifeHere by the common dusty wayAway from scenes of mighty strife,And seldom had a thing to say.But Bill was always drifting byWith cheerful joy upon his lips,And happy laughter in his eye,Hand open for glad comradeships;The children loved him for hissmile,And listened for his kindly song,They didn't mind his lack of style,Nor sneer because his legs werelong.So softly did he come and go,Folks hardly knew that he washere, ' i - 7&)He never knew the spot-light's glow,He did not dent the atmosphereWith overpowering wads of thoughtBut now that he has passed awayThe simple joy his kindnesswroughtIs like a prayer around the day.' -oHurry mother! Even a sick childIoycs the "fruity" taste of "California Tig Syrup" and it never fails toopen the bowels. A teaspoonful today may prevent a sick child tomorrow. If constipated, bilious, feverish, fretful, has cold, colic, or ifstomach is sour, tongue coated,breath bad, remember a good cleansing of the little bowels is often allttfat is necessary.'Ask your druggist for genuineCalifornia Fig Syrup" which hasdirections for babies and children ofall ages printed on bottle. Mother!You must say "California" or youmay get an imitation fig syrup.(adv-T)oSTUDENTS BEAT PARE BY NEWMETHOD5&Many students returning to. theUniversity of Pennsylvania fromtheir summer vacations have adopted a novel method to obtain freetransportation.They have bought venerable fiiv-jvers in their home towns for triflingsums, overhauled them and makethe trip to Philadelphia. Aftertheir arrival they repaint the cars,overhaul them again and endeavorto sell them for more than the purchase price plus the gas and oil.In one instance a car bought for$75 sold for $100 after making thetrip from Indiana to Philadelphia.oSEAPLANE DESIGNED TO HANDLE GIANT TORPEDOAfter many experiments it islearned in London that a seaplanehas been designed capable of carrying and discharging with accurateaim a torpedo weighing more than2,000 pounds. The design has beensubmitted to the air ministry.oThe secret of long skirts is it givesAnother Version.Some men are- born great, -someachieve greatness and some remain somethinfi to lift while crossing therjcstas was wken we found a promt- Uttlejto .the end. Boston Transcript, street. - -RSMIRROLAC-,JVs7TTTgjjjjjjjamnflUCHTOUM'Furniture, Floor andWoodwork Beauty is Only1ioooth of an Inch Deep!NINE times out of ten the onlydifference between old and newfurniture, floors and woodwork is thecondition of the thin finishing coat onthe wood.Look about you ! How many unappreciated things in your home havenothing wrong with them, other thana few scratches and stains on theirsurface!Restore their brightness and beautywith a coat ofDevoe Mirrolac. Itshigh lustre, sparkling gleam, andwonderful color will make you proudof them again!Devoe Products are time-tested andproven, backed by the 168 years' experience of the oldest paint manufac-turing-concernin U. S. Founded 1754.The J. T. Hinton Co.WJii", - "1VV- 4,'-"-"..-fc. r , r-. ,- . . '.?MiitT-"t J"Uf ;r- ,.$efVcr s- -of,. ' .rV-t " -, " -v""s -A. .. H-44LI 4"--t'rF r Tsrp--. --Sif"V A-Jk -.-FV-uTPfesDojytojriKt aisaLv ipTOBtJIflglRBQNNgWS, PARIS,. -JOOITUCm::: : ?".T ,fB?- -;TOWN PESTS9 MOW.The Print-Shop Pest bothers thePrinters, Gets in the Road", Pies Typeasks Foolish Questions, puts his Feelon the Office Desk, Scatters the-Exchangesall over, Smokes a NawfuJPipe, Spits on the Floor, Snatches thFirst Paper ofFn the Press and commits Other Crimes too Numerous tcMention.OCTOBER BEST MONTH TO PICKBREEDING HENSWithin the next four or fiveweeks every farmer in Kentuckyshould select and mark the besthens in his poultry flock in orderthat these birds may be used inEpecial breeding pens next spring,according to J. R. Smyth, poultryextension specialist of the College ofAgriculture. Many farmers "vyhokeep poultry as a sideline, as wellas scores of experienced poultrybreeders in the State have foundany flock can be increased by selecting the highest producing birdsin the flock and mating them withdesirable males for the productionof hatching eggs.October is perhaps the best monthfor selecting such a pen since it ispossible to pick out the high producing hens at that time of theyear. Farmers who wait untilspring to pick out their breedinghens will find that they are unableto distinguish easily between hfcavylayers and those that produce onlya small number of eggs during theyear. After the hens have been selected, they should be marked withleg bands or some other device inorder that they may be recognizedin the spring when ' the time formating arrives.Only those hens that are notmoulting or those that have juststarted should be selected when thebreeding hens are being picked inOctober. The yellow color alsoshould be faded from the shanks and"beaks of birds belonging to yellowshanked breeds. Vigorous "hens having a bright, clear, prominent eyewith an eyelid that is free from fatusually will have many of the charasteristics that are desirable inbreeding hens. It is important thatall hens selected for the breedingpen be laying at this time of theyear. Soft, pliable pelvic bonesthat are wide apart and a soft, pliable abdomen that has at least twoand one-half fingers depth betweenthe pelvic bones and the end of thebreast bone usually can be taken asan indication that the hen is stilllaying. No bird should be selectedthat is not a good representative ofthe breed. From 12 to 18 Leghornhens should be picked for everyrooster that will be used in thespring breeding and from 10 to 12birds of other breeds.SEVEN EVENTS AQ, AITECTPRICES OF FARM PRODUCTSMarkets for farm products, especially poultry, will be affected to aconsiderable extent during the remainder of the present year' by atleast seven important .-holidays, according to 0. B. Jesness, head of thesection of markets of the KentuckyAgricultural Experiment Station.While Thaknskiving and Christmassere the two most important events,various others, especially Jewishholdays, of which there are severalduring the coming months, .are expected to have an important effecton the markets for certain products.New York City is the leading livepoultry market of the country withthe result that prices received byfarmers in ..this State will be influenced to a considerable extent bythe demands of markets in that city.Day of Atonement is the nearestholiday of any consequence, this onebeing celebrated October 2. Allprime stock, especially White Leghorn chickens and roosters, are indemand for this event. September26 to 29 include the best New Yorkmarketing days for products in demand for this holiday. Feast ofTabernacles, which will be celebrated four days later, October 6.will create a demand for ducks,fowls and fat geese. The best NewYork market days for products indemand for this holiday are October2 to 4.Columbus Day, which will be celebrated October 12, will create ademand for live chickens, fowls andrabbits. The best market days inNew York for these commodities areOctober 9 to 11. Turkeys, geese,fowls, capons, suckling pigs andrabbits will be in demand forThanksgiving Day, which will becelebrated November 30. The best"New York market days for thesecommodities are from November 22to 28."Prime quality products of allkinds will be in demand December15 at which time the Feast of Lawwill be celebrated. December 11 to13 include the best New York market days for these commodities.Christmas Day, December 25. willbring about a demand for turkeys,geese, fowls, capons, suckling pigs,live rabbits and live goats. The bestmarket days in New York for thesecommodities come between December 19 and 22. The same commodities that will be in demand atChristmas will be in demand forNew Year's Day, January 1. Thebest New York market days forcommodities"- in demand for thisevent usually come between December 2G and 29.PERSONALSASPIRINSay "Bayer" arid Insist!JlAAAfULREVIEW OF POULTRY AND EGGMARKETSPoultry receipts increased duringthe week with a little easier tone atthe close. A larger movement isnoted in the country, and with fuller arrivals in. prospect, the markettendency is toward lower values.Poultry packing plants generallyhave sufficient help to take care of aliberal volume of poultry. Evenmarketing is suggested, in order toprevent a glut a few weeks hence.Due to lighter receipts and continued demand from the consumingtrade, prices for butter and butterfat have advanced. The highertariff duties now in effect probablywill prevent the importation ofmuch foreign butter in the near future.Unless you see the name i 'Bayer"on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over 'twenty-two"years and proved safo bymillions forColdsToothacheEaracheNeuralgiaAccept onlyHeadache -LumbagoRheumatismPain, Pain.'Bayer" packagewhich contains proper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costfew cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)oBIG TROTTING ' MEETING FORLEXINGTON.More than $90,000 will be distributed among winning ownersduring the ten days of Golden Jubilee meeting of the Kentucky Trotting Breeders' Association at Lexington October 2 to 14. The program for the meet has been arranged to provide at least one stellar attraction for each day's card."According to" Edward A. Tipton,The United States Department or president of the association, all inAgriculture, in its report of Septem- dications point to one of the mostber 19, shows the following com- successful meetings in the half-cen-parative stocks of butter as of bep- tury the course has been in exist-tember 1: ence.1922 112,062,000 lbs1921 92,292,000 lbsDecrease 19,770,00 lbsExtra fall and winter feeding willhelp keep up the milk flow, andbring increased returns.A good demand for fresh eggswas noted in all markets, withprices generally ruling higher forfine stock. Eggs that have beenheld are not wanted and do notcommand top prices.Best results are obtained by collecting eggs promptly and marketing frequently each week.oKipling denies he criticized theUnited-States in a talk with a fag,a bone and a hank of hair.Among the features carded areThe Transylvania, the two andthree-year-old divisions of the Futurity, The Kentucky and the Cumberland, which have graced theyearly programs since the inauguration of the association. In addition to these attractions ar.e TheCastleton, The Ashland, The Walnut Hall Cup and The Lexington,all of which were 'dnedT severalyears ago. The .May-Day Stakes,the $13,000 purse for two-year-oldtrotters, and the Board of Commerce purse for free-for-all pacers,were added this year."Alleged Booze Seller Caught"headline. "Alleged Booze" Is an.excellent description. .Miss Ruth Soper has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Leona Palmer,in Owingsville.Miss Janie Marsh and Mrs.Samuel Willis are spending severaldays in Cincinnati.Mrs. Mary Burns, of Nepton, isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasPatton, of Walker avenue.Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Butler havereturned from a visit to Mrs. Butler's mother, Mrs.-Mary Wilhoit, inOwen county.Mr. and Mrs. Eugene xoleyhave returned to their home inChicago, after a visit to relatives inthis city and county.Mr. and Mrs. J. Robert Vaughnhave returned to their home inPowell county after a -visit to relatives near Clintonville.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Woodhave returned to their home inGeorgetown, after a visit to relatives in this city and county.- Mrs. Fannie Smith, Mr. " andMrs. 'Frank Skillman and son, havereturned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. L. E. Griggs, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Holladayhave returned to their home in Chicago, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.George W. Judy and other relativesin this city.Mrs. Hiram Campbell has returned to her home in Nicholasville,after a visit to her daughter, "Mrs.O. B. Crockett and Rev. Mr. Crockett, in this city.Prof, and Mrs. A. D. Owens, ofSpringfield, spent- he week-end inParis as guests of the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Hooker Stivers,of Cypress street.Lieut, and .Mrs. Eugene Elderhave returned to Camp Vail, in NewJersey, after a visit to the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Elder,on Lilleston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Wheeler,who have been very ill for severaldays at their home on Houston avenue, were reported yesterday as being considerably improved.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson, ofFlemingsburg, has gone to Wichita,Kansas, where she will be engagedin evangelistic singing there and atother points for some months.Mrs. Julia Jackson, -of London,was -a guest of Mrs. E. J. Lee andfamily, at Seventh and Main streets,during the meeting of the Christianchurch convention the past week.Mr. and Mrs. Porter Bell, ofNepton, and Mr. and Mrs. JohnSmith, of Chicago, have returned totheir homes after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Thomas Patton, on Walkeravenue.Henry Fuhrman left Saturdaynight for a visit to his sister, Mrs.Jager, in Baltimore, Md. He willalso visit another sister, Mrs. Greenholt, in Washington, D. C, and Mrs.Myers, another sister, in New YorkCity.Mr. and Mrs. James McClure,Jr., Mrs. Frank Fithian and MissJosephine Fithian, and Mrs. EdwardPrichard, of Paris, attended theconcert given at the Lexington College of Music, in Lexington, Fridayevening.Miss Nell Robbins has returnedfrom Tupelo, Miss., to resume herduties as instructor to physicaltraining in the Paris Public Schools.Miss Robbins was delayed in returning to Paris by the illness of her father, Judge Robbins, several daysago.Mrs. John I. Bronson, of Mandarian, Florida, formerly Miss NanWilson, of Paris, and Seymour Wilson, of New. York City, who accompanied the body of their mother,Mrs. Camila Wilson, to Paris, for interment, remained over for a visit tofriends and relatives in -the city andcounty.Mrs. G. W. Banion entertainedat her home in Georgetown, in honor of her sister, Mrs. Lon Graves; ofParis. Those present were: Mrs.Lon Graves, Mrs. D. E. Jackson, Mr.and Mrs. S. E. Brisley, Mr. and Mrs.Marion Tapp, Miss Lula Mefford,Miss Mann (Ohio), Miss Anna BelleGill (Lexington), and Miss DorothySharpe. "Drs. Raymond R. McMillan andM. H. Dailey, of Paris, attended themeeting of the Blue Grass DentalSociety, held at the Lafayette Hotel,in Lexington, Saturday night. Theprogram followed a dinner servedin the private dining room. Theprincipal speaker of the eveningwas Dr. E. C. Hume, of Louisville,who gave a very interesting talk.Dr. Hume, who is president of theState Society, told of plans for theState meeting to be held at Louisville in March, 1923. -Mrs. Sue Holt Buckner wasguest of jionor at a family dininggiven recently, the occasion theeighteenth anniversary of her birth.A birthday cake holding eightylighted candles occupied the centerof the table, and gathered aroundthe festal board were the guest ofhonor and her only daughter, MissNellie Buckner; her brother, SidneyHolt, of Louisville; her sister, MissBettie Holt, of .Paris; Thomas Holt,Miss Lucy Blythe Simms, of Paris;William F. Simms .and" daughter,Miss Elizabeth Simms, of Woodfordcounty. An an evidence- of thehigh esteem in which Mrs. Buckneris held the home was a veritablebower of flowers gifts and friends and trelatives and many messages of love4and appreciation were received andI read.(Other Pergonal on Psse ,5)"GQ0D HEALTH WEEK?'The week from October 23 to 29definitely has been fixed' as the dateof "Good Health Week" in . Kentucky, Dr. A. T. McCormack, StateHealth Officer, has announced."There have been," he said in explanation of what is proposed, "various good health weeks previously,principally instigated by health officials and officers of different kinds.The 'Good Health Week' in Octoberwill be entirely different."The desirability of good healthmade such an appeal to the commercial world that organized industrieshave built up an organization to putover campaigns in different parts ofthe country emphasizing the valueof health from an industrial pointof view. We have succeeded in persuading this organization to putacross the campaign in Kentucky."The slogans of 'Good HealthWeek,'" Dr. McCormack said, "willbe: 'Healthy people work better;''Healthy people buy more goods,'and 'The health and longevity of itspeople are a nation's greatest asset.' "The Executive Committee thatwill put across the Kentucky campaign consists of G. .C. Breidert,Chicago, chairman; William F.Hatch, Milwaukee, sceretary andtreasurer; William F. Heissenbuttal,Brooklyn; William J. Woolley,Evansville, Ind.; William A. Biddle,Cincinnati; E. Vernon Hill, Chi- jcago; Charles G. Parks, Chicago,'and Dr. McCormack.l pass wB&$ J iHp fHn' BiS r W i " IENOTICE TO TAXPAYERS.THE TIME LIMIT IS GROWINGSHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IN THE:COURT HOUSE, AND LIST YOURTAXESBEN WOODFORD,TAX COMMISSIONER.oWhat It Was!"Look here! I used that goo youcoaxed me to take instead of the stuffthat I had seen advertised, and nowlook at my hair! Worst kink I eversaw ought to be called a 'crimewave!'" Retail Ledger, Philadelphia.Be Independent!The way to become independent is to save a PART ofthe money you earn and deposit it REGULARLY in thebank. Saving money will encourage you to work harder.Industry insures promotion and higher pay. While you arasaving your money and when you go into business you willneed a bank and we invite you to come in and see us.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyTry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTr f - .VALVIMN'HIAD f PfiSg5! The Standard of Comparison SClosed Car Luxury UnsurpassedThe 1 923 Six Cylinder Seven Passenger Sedan $21 95A dignified beauty and richnessunexcelled by any closed car mark the.new Buick seven passenger sedan.Lengthening the body, lowering thetop and raising both hood and radiatorhave improved the streamline appearance made possible by the long wheelbase, and added attractiveness has beengiven by the handsome nickeled drumtype head and cowl lamps.TheroomyFisher built body is furnishedin rich phish. Deep cushioned seatsThe Buick Line for 1923 Com. prises Fourteen Models:Pours 2 Pass. Roadster, $86$; 5Pass. Touring, $885; 3 Pais. Coupe,$1175; 5 Pass. Sedan, $1395; 5 Pass.Touring Sedan, $1325. Sixes 2Pass. Roadster, $1175; 5 Pass. Touring, $1195; 5 Pass. Touring Sedan,$1935; 5 PassrSedan, $1985; 4 Pass.Coupe, $1895; 7 Pass. Touring;$1435; 7 Pass. Sedan, $2195; SportRoadster, $1625; Sport Touring;$1675.- Prices f. o. b. Buick factories. Ask about the G. M. A. C.Purchase Plan, which provides forDeferred Payments,for five with two comfortable foldingchairs accommodate seven grownpersons with ample room for everyone.The chassis has been improved materially and its easy riding qualities heightened by a new rear spring suspensionIn the famous Buick Valve-in-Headengine, changes also have been madeto increase its dependable performance.In every detail of body, chassis andpower plant, this Sedan has no superiorsamong closed cars of even greater price. -..Pressure Lubricaton of BearingsThe center main bearings of the Balck Valve-In-Hed .!are lubricated by oil under a constant pressure fiSi - 5 "'"pump, insuring a film of oil at all times bSS?5 SS4.?Surfacea. The pump also forces a volume ofoD d!?ect&TLtVSXfeet lubrication of these bearing also. Min certain per-. p-3t-lt-NP.5c4C. S.BALLGARAGEFourth and-Pleasant StreetWHEN BETTER. AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMFAHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and InterestNO COMMISSIONS - NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co.,- Paris, or NorthMiddletpwn Deposit Bank,North MiddletownZKentuckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bid.Lexington, Ky.LOANV-IiVi.BllL,.Vsv-THE BOURBON,. NEWS. ;RMUS, JjOTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBEH 3, lfir,rGE FOUR ,;:I VT"WBASE BALL, FRIDAY'S RESULTSPar,is 3, Lexington 1.Cynthiana 3, Mt. Sterling 1.Winchester 10, Maysville 7.: 'SATURDAY'S RESULTSLexington 3, Cynthiana 2, (10innings.). Winchester 7, Paris 4.Mt. Sterling-Winchester, rain, nogame.v SUNDAY'S RESULTSWinchester 5, Paris 3.Cynthiana 3, Lexirfgton 6.Maysville 10, Mt. Sterling14,( first, game.)Maysville 2, Mt. Sterling 0, (second game.)YESTERDAYS RESULTSParis ,6, Winchester 7.Cynthiana 5, Maysville 1 3.Mt. Sterling-Lexington, doubleheader; both games forfeited to Mt.Sterling.Cynthiana slugged its way intofirst place in the Blue Grass Leaguerace Thursday, in the game playedon the Cynthiana field with Paris."'Cynthiana won out by the score of7 to 3, knocking Ballou, the Paristwirling ace, out of the box in theseventh inning. Practically everyseat in the grand stand and bleachers was occupied long before time- for play, and the largest week-endcrowd of the season, estimated at 1,v j7O0; turned out to see the struggle.With the exception of the third inning, when Paris bunched three oftheir hits, Loii .held thm at his'mercy. Cynthiana scored three runsin the fourth inning on hits , bySchumaker, Blakely and Linden, a"force-out and Brockmari's error.Two more were added in the sixth,when Linden trippled, and Reno hitthe score -board for homer. The lasttwo runs came in the seventh,. when Rorer tripled and scoredand scored Schumaker and himself.Paris' three runs were made in thethird inning. The batteries were:For Cynthiana, Long and Barker;for Paris, Ballou, Wills and Macke.The game went for two hours, and-was umpired by Osborne and Trie-bel.Paris defeated Lexington in a- closely-contested and cleanly-playedgamev at League Park Friday af ter-noon, in the presence of a smallcrowd, owing to counter attractionsdrawing largely from the usualcrowd. The final score stood 3 to l.Nickerson walked three men andwas relieved by Shaw in the firstInning, after Paris had scored tworuns. Paris again scored one in the"second inning, Lexington followingwith one in the third. From thattime on it was a pitchers' battle,neitbjgr team scoring. Both Shaw,for Lexington, and Rummage, forParis, pitched good ball. Featuresof the game were the batting of Cicona, Nippert, Wunker and Wingerfor Paris, and Morton, for Lexington. The batteries were: ForParis, Rumage and Macke; for Lexington, Nickerson, Shaw and Monk.The game went one hour and fiftyminutes, and was umpired by Osborne. Paris lost to the Winchester teamSaturday afternoon, at League Park,in a thrilling and hotly-contestedgame, by a score of 7 to 4. Cotterwent in for the locals, and after being hard hit in the fifth inning, wasrelieved by Ballou. The locals wereunable to overcome the lead gainedby Winchester. although theyscored three runs in the sixth inning, with promises for more theywere unable to realize on. The feature of the game was a runningcatch of a long and high fly byWoods, who almost picked it off thefence in deep center. Ballou hit theadvertising sign of the LexingtonvHerald and won a suit of clothes.The batteries were . For Paris,Cotter, Ballou and Macke; for Winchester, Powell and Thoss. Ackley,-who umpired, gave great dissatisfaction by bad judgment on ballsand strikes.There is an old saying that"misfortunes never come singly."trongly to affairs, Paris basestrongly to affeirs in the Paris baseof the business is that Paris was out-thaving suffered defeat at the hands 'of the Winchester team in a 7 to 4game at League Park, Saturday,Paris again went down in defeat inthe Sunday afternoon game, thescore being 5 to 3. Rummagepitched a steady game for the Mammoths, and did credit to his reputation as a consistent twirler. "Thefiy in the ointment" was the sha'dyplaying of Hileman, who madecostly errors at second, later redeeming himself with a long hit.Rummage hit the ball for a homer,probablyfhe longest hit made onthe local field this season, the balllopping the fence at the score boardin deep center, jhid helping to scoretwo runs. Features of the game-wrere the hitting of Rummage andWinger for Paris, and a running"catch of a long hard hit fly in deepcenter by Hogan, for Winchester.Stimmed up in a nutshell, the truthof the business is Paris was outclassed in. the playing game Saturday and Sunday. At one time thegame took on the appearance of aTJonnybrook Fair rucas, whichpromised interesting results. Theumpiring of Ackley, especially onT)&lls and strikes, was below par,(however, he played no favorites),aad caued a near-riot, when Willsyas called out on strikes. Wills,STAGE SUCCESSES ON SCREENTHIS WEEK.Hot buttered pop-corn and astormy day on an excursion boatUU11 I SVJ t,jfcsi.u.i y i "rVio.Hz rViaT1?n inA TlnV'RPleasure," his latest million dollarZZa- m wni hP seen at theAlamo and Grand' this (Tuesday)afternoon and evening. rupumau lumcutco n ew' TMs attraction mafks a new era steadily and she holds an outatajidof Chaplin productions. The famous jing place as an artist. She is procomedian has carefully compiled bounced "One o the artistic suc-!,-Atno tw were renonRihle cesses" by concert managersfor his world-wide fame and has at-tempted with success in this production to specialize on those methods.A play that has never failed tothrill American audiences, is Ge6.Broadhurst's "Bought and PaidFor." And now the William deMille screen version of it, whichcomes to the Alamo and GrandWednesday afternoon and night willthrill them even more effectively.Heading a popular cast are thepopular Paramount stars AgnesAyers and Jack Holt, each possessing a creditable host of laurels. Intheir support are such favorites asWalter Hiers, the rotund Paramount comedian, Leach Wyant andGeorge Kuwa.Everybody will want to see MarkTwain's greatest com&dy success, "AConnecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court," at Alamo and GrandThursday and Friday. Watch for"A Connecticut Yankee." He willpass your door.n "'BOURBON EARM CONDITIONt)uring the slack season the farmers of Bourbon county have beenbusy gathering fruit, filling silos,wheat seeding, corn cutting, andtaking care of their tobacco crops.A few wheat fields were seeded during the bast Veek, and mdt 0? theacreage will have been sown by theend of ths week, if the present fa-vorable weather continues.Although dry weather is neededfor wheat sowing, most farmers, especially those with livestock, wouldprefer seeing an abundance of rain.Pastures are beginning to look yellow again and would be grethly Ihedped by showers.Bourbon county has not been hitas hard by the drouth as have someother counties in this section, atleast as far as the corn crop is concerned. Although the yield will begreatly reduced, it will not be cutto the extent as first feared, and itis believed that most of the farmerswill have enough corn at least forfeeding their hogs.Bourbon will have a large surplusof winter apples and pears this yearand many will have a large supplyof other friuts. Takeen all aroundthe Bourbon farmer is doing verywell, all things considered.During the hunting season thereis a demand for wireless fences.protesting, started across the fieldin a threatening attitude toward theumpire, who was surrounded by theWinchester players. Patrolman"Lusk came to the scene, and, it wasalleged, struck or struck- at one ofthe Winchester players, at whichmuch indignation was expressed byParis rooters.Cool heads prevailed and the pugilistic demonstration was sidetracked. Wills was benched for theremainder of the game, being replaced by Brockman. The sympathy of the fans was entirely withWills, but against the display offorce. Later on Rummage also tooka whack at His Umps for a questionable decision. The batteries were:For Paris, Rummage, Engle andMacke; for Winchester, Baylin andThoss. The game went for twohours and fifteen minutes, and wasbadly and sadly umpired by one 'Ackley, --With to-day's and to-morrow'sgames the season of 1922 will close.Paris plays Winchester at Winchester this afternoon and Maysville atMaysville to-morrow. It has beenan eventful season in many ways,and uneventful in many other ways.VSecond baseman Heilmanandcatcher Engle were given an uncon-ditional release Sunday night by theParis management, and were immediately taken over by Cynthiana.Heilman has been playing a ratherlistlessand careless game in his position for some time, and in theSaturday and Sunday games withWinchester, drew the displeasure ofParis fans by his indifferent playing. ; - r- n -New York won the NationalLeague race with a total of 93 gameswon. Cincinnati pulled in a closesecond with 86, and Pittsburg,third, with 85. New York also wonthe American League race, with 94games won, St. Louis second, with93, and Detroit third with 79. St.Paul won the American Associationrace, with 107 games won, Minneapolis second, with 92, and KansasCity third, with 92. The BlueGrass League race will be won by9While Howard Wills, manager ofthe Mammoths, -was engaged in thegame at League Park Sunday afternoon, a snreak thief entered hisroom at the Fordham Hotel andstole -rdllHS from his streetclothes. Pretty tough, Howard, tobe 'robbed by airannpire and a sneakthief on the same afternoon!PRANCES ALDA; THTJESDAtNIGHT, 'WOODLAND AUDITORIUM, LEXINGTON.Frances Alda, who will sing thethe first of the season's artist con--rrr.il ,.1 A iirii rvniumCert Ul VVUUUiauu au.uh.vu. ium,Thursday- night, October 5, at 8:15,'has a record of unqualified successes.Her popularity with the great meOthroughout the Unit States andabroad. The critics of the Easthave complimented her oh the beauty of her perfect soprano voice.Madam Alda not only has a wonderful voice, but is conceded to be themost beautiful of all prima donnas.She has ineffable charm and herstyle and interpretaton- evokes themost enthusiastic admirer. Otherartists that will appear in the Concert Series are -Mary Garden, AlbertSpalding, Riccardo Martin andSergi Rachmaninoff.There are still good seats o behad at $2.75, $2.20, '$1.65 and$1.10. The season tickets for thefive concerts are $11.00, $8.80 and$7.70, the latter price for studentsand teachers. Tickets are now onsale in Ben Ali Theatre lobby, andthe sale will continue there throughThursday. Mail orders should besent to Lexington College of Music.Phone 2891 and 639x.$30,000 EIRE VISITS MANNESVILLE, KY.The business district. of Mannesville, a settlment eight miles eastof Campbellsville, was destroyed byfire Friday night causing $30,000loss, with only, a" small amount Cfinsurance. Two stpres, a garage,ktwo b'arns, a blacksmith shop andtwo residences were burned.The flames originated in the storeof Lowe & Cox, which is the Mannsville postoffice, and spread to Lowe& Cox's garage and barn, H. J:Penn's store and residence, Tobe' Bottom's blacksmith shop, GeorgeMcWhorter's residence and a barnin the rear of Lowe & Clark's store,where "the unpooled tobacco crop ofAlex Cabbell and Charles Cox wasburned. The origin was unknown.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. TH0MAS.V WOODFORD & BRYANWOMAN BALLOONIST SERIOUSLYINJURED IN FALLWhen Miss Stella Jaeger, world'sfamous balloonist, was in Paris thepast week, she told newspaper menthat there was always the possibility of a serious accident, and. that inthe course of. her experiences shehad had some very narrow nscapes.Miss Jaeger, who, in private life, isMrs. C. C. Chambers, told 'of severalthrilling adventures she had had inmid-air.Miss Jeager added another to herthrills and narrow escapes Fridayat Owingsville, when she fell 250feet into a tree when a parachutefailed to open in an exhibitionflight. Miss Jeager uses three parachutes in giving her exhibition,dropping from one to another. Theaccident at Owingsville occurredwhen she changed from the first tothe second parachute."A crowd of six hundred peoplegathered at a street fair in Owingsville, witnessed the accident. MissJaeger was carried from the field tothe Owens House, 'where physicianswho made an examination, were ofthe belief that she had sustained internal injuries. Owing to a highwind prevailing at the time, herhusband begged his wife not tomake the ascent, fearing for hersafety. Physicians stated that Missjaeger naci a gooa cnance to recover. Several women in the crowd,witnessing the balloonist's plungethrough the air fainted,MAYSVILLE BOYS MISSINGThe Paris police department hasbeen asked to help find Eugene Ginnand Herbert Roberts, two sixteen-year-oldboys who ran away fromtheir homes in Maysville. They aresaid to have relatives in or nearParis, and it was. thought possiblethey might have come here.The parents of both boys say theyoungsters went to bed "withoutgiving any intimation of their intended flight. In the morning itwas discovered that they had gonesome time during the night, takentheir suitcases and some extraclothing with them.NEW HOUSE EOB SALENEW 7-B00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONN0BTH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UBB0N LUMBER CO.(nov25-tfoOBSERVANCE OF FIRE PREVEN-!TION WEEK URGED - .Governor Morrow issued a prbclamation calling upon the people ofKentucky to observe fire prevention ,week, beginning October 3. "Reli-,able statistics demonstrate that millions of dollars' worth of valuableproperty is annually destroyed ,through carelessness, lack of inspec-'tion, want of foresight nnd propercare in preventing .unnecessary and1 needless fire losses," the proclama-HULL BlttlCU. .EDITOR FISHER . "COMES BACK"ONCE HORE( Carlisle Mercury)Xfter the graceful . acknowledg- SSSSSSSo V TOWNment made by Mr. Harris, the hustl- 11UJ iUbliSX iUAU!iS 1W J.UWHing secretary of the Paris Commer- AT PRESENT. FARMERS, BUSIcia'l Club, of the service Tendered by NESS MENr AND ALL ARE TRYThe Mercury in calling attention to ING TO GET THIS JOB FINISHEDthe condition of their main thorough- AND DONE WITH. BETTER GETfare, and just when we are feeling GET BUSY AND DO LIKEWISEchesty over the "power of the 'press," 'everything, along comes ""IIM"WMMMM";;THE BOURBON NEWS 'with theannouncement thattheir County,Attorney, Dave Cline, broke His an-kU crossing Main street, and weiooTi'f fifiire rmt wTither we hati nnv- ithing to do with the announced im-provement, or whether the friendsof the popular attorney just "rizup" and demanded that such a - per -nous condition or streets be remedied.WELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky.. Phone 80: (tf)PUBLIC SALEI will sell, on the premises, at 611High street, at 1:30 o'clock, onTHURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1922, !a lot of household goods and kitchenfurniture, too numerous to enumerate herein. M. F. Kennev au5-1tioneer.D. C. PARRISH.Public Sale"" OFSUBURBAN PROPERTYWEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18' at 10:30 a. m.As executor of the estate of Thos.K. Bryan, we will sell .at auctionon the premises the following described property:5 acres of land, more or less, withdwelling and two small barns facing about 200 feet on MarshallStreet, near city limits of Paris, Ky.The property will be sold as awhole. This will make an attractivepurchase for subdivision into building lots.Terms made known at sale.BOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.(Executors of Thos. K. Bryan.(.3-1U-1Y )The Store of Service and Good MerchandiseR. P. WALSH'SThis store's reputation is backed up by the merchandise we carrybuying only from the best concerns in the country, that place valueand workmanship above everything. We invite the public to comein and inspect our stocks. We assure you of courteous attentionand service whether you buy or hot.Hart Schaf f ner -& Marx A. B. Kirschbaum. H. A. SeinsheimerClothes for Men and Young Men;Styles that sparkle with youth patterns that are a delight to the eyesare shown in exceptional values. ;Knox and Crofutt & Knapp HatsFor Men and Young MenWe have a hat here for every occasion and they are styled right, too.Smooth and Scratch Finishes and Velours are shown in the seSson'snewest colors and combinations.aWe'll help you solve your boy's clothing problem in showing the kindof clothes that will give good wear. Season's latest styles and fabricsto select from. -. .x7th and MainHome Phone 448NOTICE TO TAXPAYE1SVY TTTR WAV T1TR TAT Mlt.'-ijrTGcsTvinmc tYTxtxrm? to txm nnH.Saleslady, must be over 16 and ofgood character. No experience nec-!t"' n Jbbdo p.CZ-t) S. H. KRESS & CO.'FOR SALE. Four antiaue chest drawers.All'in first-class condition.HENRY SLADE,509 W. Pleasant St.,""Cynthiana, Ky.(3-6)"THE BANKThe Value of '',Prestigev ' This bank has always realized thatN prestige could not be bought, norrprocured except by honorable service. The prestige we enjoy today arisesfrom our good reputation, and is - abusiness asset to those maintainingchecking accounts here.Where do you bank?Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust CoParis, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00iH. A. Seinsheimer, Cincinnati, OhioThe Kind of Clothes Real Boys WearMANHATTAN AND ECLIPSE SHIRTSCOOPER'S SPRING NEEDLE UNDERWEARVAN HUESEN AND ARROW BRAND COLLARS, HOLEPROOF AND WILSON BROS. HOSIERYBEST WORK CLOTHES IN PARIS FOR MENR. P. WALSHOne-Price StoreACumb.Mr. Harry Saloshinof Paris, Kentucky,wishes to inform hisfriends and patronsJn this vicinityof his connection withThe Smith-KassonCompany,of Cincinnati, Ohio,in theWomen's ShoeDepartmentOF SERVICE"y:nvParis, Ky.Phone S06nz?4 -!?' ir"V-ITUESDAY, OCTOBERS, lrvTHE BOURBOM' WBWS, fcMlS, -HTUeitYsssssssssssssafssssssmJi.-V-PERSONALSRELIGIOUSby' ""Vj"GIFTS THAT LAST" i Coming:s "" Goings of Some Yon! N iuiow ana Others Yon" . i Don'tMAVIS. UHUUUliATiSWe have accepted the agency for , Mrs. R. S. Starks has returnedA Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles Eor Eresent'aiidFutureAlavis Chocolates.' OBERDORFER, THE DRUGGIST.lU ' , Z cENLISTS IN NAVYt-, A ?rQv1ra. Of Boiirbotlcounty, enlisted at the Lexington out again after a week's serious illovnl recruiting station and was.11685-, to her home in Midway after a visit. .vj icitttives in Jfaris.Miss Dorothy Harris has returned to her- home in Yersailles aftera visit to Miss Elisev Varden.i nomas Pnchard is able to be$pnt to Camp Knox, near Louisville,for assignment to service at a navaltraining school.oREGISTER TO-DAYDon't fail to register to-day atvour voting place, any time betweensix a. m. and nine p. m. This willbe necessary if voters desire to participate in the November elections,and the State primary next year.Next year candidates for State offices will be 'selected. Don't fail toregister!oRUMMAGE SALEThe ladies of the Paris Presbyterian church will hold their "Rummage Sale" Friday and Saturday,October 6 and 7, in the room in theWilson building, at Third and Mainrecently vacated by the Reo Comfort Bus Line. Give them a call andgo home satisfied.AEROPLANE VISITSVisits of aeroplanes to Paris arebecoming frequent, and the "flyingboats" are no longer a novelty. Abig plane circled over the city Sunday afternoon for about two hours,distributing literature. The planeleft about three o'clock, "headedSouth.".LOCAL AGENT RESIGNSJ. T. Tucker, who for the pastnineteen years, has been connectedwith the Paris office of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., thelarger part of the time as manager,has resigned his position. Mr.Tucker will be succeeded here by C.E. Wilson, N transferred from theBowling Green office.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, October 3Betty Compson and Tom Moore, in"'Over the Border;" Charlie Chaplin,in his newest comedy success, -AADay's Pleasure."To-morrow, Wednesday, October 4Agnes Ayres and Jack Holt, in"Bought and Paid For;" PatbeNews; Educational comedy.Thursday, October 5 MarkTwain's greatest comedy, "A Connecticut Yankee." He will pass yourdoor to-day.PRICE'S SAUSAGEPrice's pure fresh sausage nowreceived every day. Phone us yourorder.LOGAN HOWARD.PARIS BOY PROMOTEDRichard Butler, former timekeeper for the Louisville" & JEJashville, in Paris, but more recently ofRavenna, has been appointed Assistant Master of Trains of the EasternDivision, with headquarters at Ravenna. Mr. Butler succeeds P. F.Kesheimer, wTho has .been appointedRule Examiner. The official orderfor Mr. Butler's promotion is as follows: "Ravenna, Ky.f Oct. 1, 1922."To All Concerned:"Effective this date Mr. RichardButler is appointed Assistant Masterof Trains, Eastern Kentucky Division, vice Mr. P. F. Kesheimer, assigned to other duties."E. L. WISE,"Assistant Superintendent.Approved :"J. D. HAYDEN, Superintendent."OCTOBER COURT DAYOctober, the second fall month,found a very small crowd - in townfor the old-time institution, "CourtDay." The volume of businesstransacted, according to those whowere in the thick of the crowd, wasabout on a par with that of September, that is to say, rather small.Farmers generally are too busy withtheir work to pay heed to the timehonored old "Court Day" and mostof them remained at work. Therewas a large number of horses,mules and mule colts, good, bad andindifferent on the market, changinghands at fair prices. The otherlivestock markets were slow, withthe supply equal to the demand.Business was only fair with theParis merchants, but the Octobercollections were good. ,Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold infront of the court house yesterdayfor Frank Burton, "administrator ofCharles J. Lancaster, two shares ofthe capital stock of the Farmers andMiss Virginia Thompson, ofParis, has entered as a student atthe Fugazzi School of Business, inLexington.Miss Elizabeth Eales has returned to her home in Cynthiana,after a -visit to Mrs. Louise Van-Meter, in this city.- Mrs. Evelyn Buck and Mrs. Jno, is chairman of the advisory commit-Nearly $200,000 or one fifth ofthe whole amount sought, has already been subscribed in the Kentucky Presbyterian EducationalMovement, according to - news received here. So far, the only churchheard from are, Paris, the startingpoint of the campaign, Henderson,Paducah, Owensboro and some ofthe small towns in the State. Thecampaign began in Frankfort yesterday. Presbyterians of Frankforthave completed organization for thecampaign for their part in the $1,000,000 fund for the Presbyteriancolleges in this State. S. FrenchHoge is chairman of the executivecommittee, and Judge J. P. HobsonJNTHEFALMen and Boys Fall for Ourtee. More than 50 persons willwork in the campaign. The solicitations of funds will be the week ofOctober 6 to 12.The Bluegrass B. Y. P. U. Association, comprising all the churches in Central Kentucky, will hold atwo-day session in Winchester atCentral Baptist church, Thursdayand Friday, October 5 and 6. Manygood speakers are on the program.Dr. J. W.. Gillion, pastor of the FirstBaptist' church, Winchester, andDr. W. I. Walker, Danville, willmake the principal addresses. Lyman P. Hailey, State B. Y. P. U.secretary, will conduct the roundtable discussion. Whether you havea Union in your church you are invited and will' be glad to have asmany young people as may come.You will be highly entertained andA TRIBUTE TO LABOR"An instructive and interestingplay, entitled "A Tribute to Labor"with a number of folk games incostume, will be presented in theWestern High School. to-morrow,(Wednesday) night, October 4, bythe teachers, pupils, and other people of the community. 'o yxICE CREAMvv. ernes will entertain at curdsWednesday in honor of Mrs. Wm.Yerkes, of Pasadena, California.The condition of .Mrs. MollieRice, who has been seriously ill ather home on Pleasant street, for thepast week, remained unchanged lastnight.The ladies of St. Peter's Episcopal church will have a sale of-ediblesin the office of the Paris RealtyCo., Saturday, besrinnine: at ninp.o'clock, a. m.Dr. J. H. Comer has returnedfrom Rochester, Minn., where hehas been with Mrs. Com'er at theMayo Bros. Hospital. Mrs. Comeris reported as improving nicely.Miss Laura Steele"has returnedto her home in Lexington after avisit to her uncle, J. Hal Woodford,iier sister, Mrs. Louise VanMeterand other relatives in this city. -wel1 taken care- of.Rev. Father Michael Jaglowicki,president of St. Mary's College, atSt. Mary's, Ky., spent the week-endin Paris, as a guest of Mrs. JackWoods and family, on Eighth street.Mrs. Arthur King, of NorthMiddletown, is a patient- at the Mas-sie Memorial Hospital, in this city,where she underwent a successfuloperation, performed by Drs. Kenney and Stoeckinger, yesterdaymorning.Mrs. Thomas Taul has returnedfrom a month's visit to her daughters, Miss Mary Stone and Mrs. C. B.Xerwilliger, in Steubenville, Ohio.She was accompanied home by MissStone and TVfrs. Taul's little granddaughter, Miss Virginia Terwilliger.Lieut. Stuart Wallingford hasreturned to his duties at CampKnox, after spending several daysin Paris as guest of his parents,Lieut. Wallingford will be movedwith his outfit to Camp BenjaminHarrison, near Indianapolis, duringthe winter months.A called meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., will beheld this ("Tuesday) afternoon atthree o'clock at the home of MissLizzie Grimes on Duncan avenue.The meeting will be held for thepurpose of selecting delegates tothe State Conference at Lexington.The calf for the meeting was issuedby the Regent, Mrs. C. M. Clay.The Woman's Clubs of Bourboncounty will open their fall andwinter program at Jthe MasonicTemple Wednesday afternoon at2:30 o'clock. The Department ofCommunity Service will have chargeof the program. After the programthe members of the Paris HighSchool faculty will be guests at atea to be given by the Club members. John M. Giltner, of Madison,Nebraska, is visiting friends inParis. Mr. Giltner was a residentof Paris forty years ago, conductinga confectionery in the room at presenl occupied by James D. McClintock. After leaving Paris he located in Missouri, and from therewent to Nebraska, where he wassuccessful in the real estate business. -Mr. Giltner will attend theLexington trots while in thistion.-( Other Personals on Page 3)Smith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494. 'SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St. vLOCAL GAME WARDEN PRAISEDsec-DON'T PUT IT OFFOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makayour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold out.Come in, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.PARIS COMMUNITY SERVICEThere will be an open session ofCommunity Service, Friday night,at the Y. M. C. A.Miss Grace Cruickshank the efficient director of the play groundwork in Paris this past season, willbe there to give her report.A splendid program has beenplanned and the public is not onlyinvited, but urged to be "present. "This will open the winter program of Community Service. Remember the 'date and come out withthe crowd.A. W. Bullock, of Paris, GameWarden for the counties of Botfrbon,Fayette, Scott, Harrison, Nicholas,Clark and Montgomery, last weekreceived a - letter from J. C. Meredith, State Superintendent of GameWardens," congratulating him uponthe successful showing made in hisdistrict.In his letter Mr. Meredith said, inpart: "We desire to congratulateyou upon the successful showing inyour district, every county showinga gain overv 1920, and this we canonly attribute to the efficient service rendered by you and your deputies." In Bourbon county the sale of resident hunting licenses for 1920 was1,203, and in 1921, 1,461. In Fayette county, the sale of licenses in1920 was 2,336, and in 1921, 2,464. In Mr. Bullock's old district,there was a material decrease following his change of location. Mr.Bullock was for many years stationed in Shelbyville, his district embracing a number of counties inthat section of the State. He hasbeen fearless and' untiring in thedischarge of his duties, and is making one of the best officials theGame and Fish Commission haveever placed "in the field.FOR RENTCottage on Vine street. Immediate possession.OBERDORFER, THE DRUGGIST.LOSTSnappyvSuits, Hats, Sweatersand Shoesbecause they are the last word in quality vand because we sell them for lessfLVvCOME IN AND SEE THE V-..-; SUITS. IN MANY DIFFERENT COLORS j.-AND STYLES ' -.-$15 $18 $20.::. $24.50 $29.50, - ' ..y - Some with Extra Trousers --1' -.. We Have Also Received Some Beautiful :V OVERCOATS !'$15.00 to $29.50 ' -'-LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE55ViLeather-bill fold, check book anda lot of freight expense bills. Somewhere between Second street andEast Main street. Finder return to'M. J. MURPHY.Have a Look!REGISTER TO-DAYTo-day will be registration day.Go to the voting place between sixa. m. and nine. p. m. and register.This is essential if you desire to votein tne JNOvemoer election, and theTraders Bank, of Paris, lo TJllman elections next year, when. State offi-Lancaster, X or $111.50 a share. cials will be chosen.- -LADIES' AND MISSES' TND CHILDREN'S SUITS, COATS, SKIRTS,BLOUSES, MILLINERY, DRYG00DSr SILKS, ETC.We Have, the Ladies' Home JournalPatterns, atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINE.'"Corner Seventh and Main Street!" - PARIS,'KY. "."iThePullmanWithoutGives You an Extra RoomIncreasing Your RentyV-1VERY family needs extra sleeping quarters in the home in case ofemergency. Unexpected visitors come; a nurse may be necessaryx in any home at any time; you may wish friends to remain overnight or to week-end'with you; you may wish to accommodate afriend' or good neighbor for anight or two; the man of the family maywish a business friend remain over .night, whatever the emergency or'occasionmay "be, a Pullman provides the extra sleeping quarters.Some families may want to rent out a-room because of present high rents:Some families may be moving into smaller apartments with fewer sleeping rooms these are but SOME of the reasons for the immense popularity of the 'Pullman,"Here is an opportunity 'to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport Bedthat matches up with other furnishings in your home. You can get thesame designs, the same woods (mahogany, Walnut or oak), the same comfort that you get in the finest stationary davenports.Here is a beautiful living room piece of furniture that'is "as handsome asthe finest davenport, as comfortable as the best bed" one that givesdouble, or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture at the price ofone.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingr 'nVVsIAKi"vi-vu;yVz1.s.-.--r?AGStt5THE BOURBON NEWS, PARISH KENTUCKY'TUBCTTAT, 6CT&BX t, 111t. -IS IVTOD Offl GET BSCKYOUR GRIP ONt HEALTHHope for the millions of unfor-- tunate men and women who are Vic's, tims of stomach trouble is sounded-" "by Mrs. Madge Carter, highly re-jcoiminarT-TO kdtister whoMADE HISTOEYPlans have been perfected for amonument to the Rev. Jesse Head,Methodist circuit rider, who marriedThomas Lincoln and Nancy Hanks,parents of Abraham Lincoln.- Thebody of Jesse Head, who was one,of the notable figures in early pioneer history in Mercer county, thefirst white settlement in Kentucky,epected residents of Ira, Ohio. Mrs. lies in Spring Hill cemetery in HarGarter was a victim -of stomach rodsburg in an unmarked grave,trouble In its worst form, but was The first steps t0 erect stone tocompletely restored to health by ,wll . ,.. k -n. -ixr.,... - Wjfc,V,. , lUU. WJ A. .,.taking Tanlac. She says:"For years I suffered terriblyfrom .indigestion and nervousness,and vas in such miserable healththat I never expected to to be wellagain. Tanlac has completelyovercome these ailments, and nowI'm in splendid health and am several pounds heavier in weight."Undigested food ferments in thestomach and soon the entire systemis filled with poison. Tanlac wasdesiened tn rpstnrp thf stnmnp'h to ahoi MnitM a u.. .... Jesting local facts regarding Jesse"tall"J uuunjuu auu uuuu uy luc iE. Barton, of Oak Park, 111., who isthe author of several books on Lincoln, and who became interested inthe history of the pioneer preacherduring his researches. He madeseveral trips to Harrodsburg andmade the first donation to the monument fund. He was assisted in hisresearches by Miss Mary A. Stephenson, of Harrodsburg, who hasdone much to bring to light inter-IACKACHE ISAWARNINGParis People Should Not NeglectTheir Kidneyswhole 'body. Millions everywhere J Headhave acclaimed its wonderful power.Get a bottle to-day. Tanlac is sold"by all good druggists. (adv)CATCHES TWO PISH ON SAMELINEA. H. Matson, of Concord, N. H.,Nlays claim to first honors as thechampion disciple of Izaak "Walton,the dean of fishermen.According to a story related byhim to local lovers of the sport, herecently caught twenty small perchin one hour at his summer home,at Deer Island, N. H. Then, feelinga stronger tug on the line thanusually given by perch, Matson began a struggle. When his catchwas finally safely landed he foundHhat he had caught two.A perch had taken his bait, andthen a hungry pickerel, twentyinches long, had swallowed theperch he had already hooked.oADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abiff stock of paper rolls. These rollsaxe made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint Youcan. buy from one to a case. Let usmave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.It is proposed to have the markerof government standard bronze suitably inscribed, set on a slab of native stone. Contributions to thefund have been made from everysection of the country. It is hopedalso to place a marker at the graveof Mrs. Head. These will be erectedwith a suitable ceremony.oPAIR OF STOCKINGS POUND INBOBBED HAIEAdvocates of the "bobbed hair"movement have claimed, among other things, that it does away withinsanitary covered "rats" and otherartifices.But not so!During a jitney accident atYoungstown, Ohio, a young womanwith bobbed hair was hurt. Whilein a faint she was carried into anearby residence. Holding thesmelling salts, the attending physician feft a hard substance at theback of her head.He removed a pair of stockings.Backache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys. To cure the pains and aches,to remove the lameness when itarises from weakened kidneys, youmust reach the cause the kidneys.If you have pain through the smallof your back, urinary disorders,headaches, dizzy spells, or are nervous and depressed, start treatingthe kidneys with a tested kidneyremedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have ' "beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have beenused in kidney .trouble for over 50years.- Jttead raris testimony.Thomas A'Hern, proprietor restaurant, 927 Pleasant street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pills are all rightand I recommend them highly. Iused Doan's some time ago when mykidneys were out of order and myback ached just over the kidneys. Ihad dizzy spells and felt sleepy. Ilacked ambition to do my work. Assoon as I began using Doan's Kidney Pills, which I got at Oberdorfer's Drug Store, I got relief andthree boxes cured me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney" Pills the samethat Mr. A'Hern had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oCHINESE PLAPPERS WEARSTYLISH HATSHAVE WE FOOD MOTKAEDS?f(Frankfort State Journal)Kentuckians "may be and nodoubt 'are drinking less, but therehardly is any question but that theyare eating more. Twenty years agoa restaurant was unknown in manyof the smaller towns, but now scoresof eating houses and lunch standsare to be found in any of them.The eating habit seems to havedeveloped with the rapid' strides ofmotor car transportation. Whetherthe automobiles make for a betterappetite is a question, but the factremains that the people who ride inthem usually are looking for "eats"in passing through any of the townsand keeps on increasing.The fellow who was content toput away three square meals athome now must have additional"eats" between meals. The psychology of it may be that the peoplemust do something and if they cannot get anything with a "kick" todrink they will take it out in eatingmore.CORNSLift Off with FingersChange of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter .will notbe completed without our service. ,Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporated! Ifl I niWW1WWWII It I IDMIHIMOTHEB BADLY SHOCKEDo-POPLE PITTS XI. TO SEE K. OF C.PICTUEESPope Pius "XI. will witness American news reel pictures of theKnights of Columbus Supreme International convention held in Atlantic City recently. A special reelis being prepared by the K. of C.showing, among other incidentsr thepresentation of the baton made fromthe altar of the Popes in the Vatican and presented to SupremeKnight James A. Flaherty by Commissioner Edward L. Hearn, of theK. of C, in the name of Pope Pius.A Mansfield, Ohio, mother wasmuch embarrassed the other daywhen her small son insisted in one ofthe largest groceries of the city thathe must have some "raisinjack." Itlater developed that the lad's craving was not for the home-madewhisky substitute, but for crackerjack instead.USEES OP ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless,THE BOURBON NEWS.oBoston bookkeeper went crazyover his monthly total. Now youknow what a total wreck is.Chienese women are generally adhering to their custom of goingbare-headed, but the "flapper" bughas bitten the younger generation,who are exhibiting a tendency tofollow the European styles of hairdxessing and hats, according to a report to the Commerce Departmentfrom American Trade CommissionerHoyt at Shanghai. The change isalready marked in Shanghai, Hoytsaid, and it is believed that an increased demand for women's hatswill be evidenced within the nextfew years.oOECHESTEA IEADEE WANTS TOHEAR JAZZt l Ml JWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAJl Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEMllllilllllllllllMIMMnillllllHIIIIIIMMIIIIIHDoesn't murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your' druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)?Fritz 'M. Reiner, distinguishedmusical director, has never heardAmerican musicians playjazz music.He said so, but added that he wantsto.Riener was in New- York on hisway to Cincinnati, where he is tobecome conductor of that city's symphony orchestra."I have heard so much discussionof jazz that one of my leading ambitions is to sit and listen to a goodAmerican jazz band,' he said.oWhat's in a name? Mr. Oyster isGomper's silent secretary.DIESAT 103; LIFE UNUSUALHISTORIC SPANFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXES.AN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYVisit -the Boys and Girls Storeone of the very few stores of its kind in AmericaThis store occupies the entire sixthfloor of our building.From immense assortments, youmay select wearing apparel forchildren and young people up toeighteen years of age.And you can make your selectionswithout fear of mistake. Carefulpainstaking merchandise expertshave assembled here for your approval, the best the markets of theworld produce.John Hewitt, of Valley District,West Va., one of the oldest men inthe State is dead, having- succeumbedat his home at the advanced age of103 years and nine days. His funeralwas attended by the largest throngthat ever attended a funeral in thedistrict. John Hewitt was born in1918 the year that Florida waspurchased, the same year that Alabama came into the Union and theyear before Maine and Missouri became States. He was born beforeLafayette's second visit and butfour years before Napoleon's defeatat Waterloo.io jOdd Argentine Custom. jWhen a seventh son is born inArgentina the President of the repub- 'lie becomes his godfather, according !to custom, so that the President al-ways has quite a number of godsons,as large families are the rule in Argentina. oOne Among Many.. The throwing of rice at weddings isdenounced as a dangerous custom. But.surely one additional danger at awedding is hardly North considering.London Opinion.Place Your Orders Early For!Fall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsfcBourbon Nurseries?It is a homftV. rrirrfn1 cfrr TTMfV onnoU:nA :-nook and and corner. Pleasant, smiling faces to greetyou courteous folks to serve you.Rest Reading Writing roomsv for your use. Checking-rooms for hand baggage. .Make our store your headquarters when in Cincinnati. - -"fabl and (giew (p.ClSciSUATI'S GREATEST STORE. FOUNDED itBURIAL VAULTStSi one Burial Vaults are. Nature's cwn material. No rust, no decayEndure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERYCO.Paris; KentuckyBpurboit News Advertisers Get Results!4s.v-.--i. j-" -?tr- K'" "?..TUESDAY, OCTOBER I, Hit -c -'r-THE BOURBON NEWS,CEimtE C0EGECiOiBf'mCBJEXTEHDiGD -w'mntffiWQStf.AM,-i-. . -s- ",w t'pi!- wgrwiKv.r rajUB, JUSHTIMJ&X - "TW,mBsssammmssmmmmmenmmssssmoo ixnoA Ifc 114.1. LiiiA iAiA, iA,4 fft nttiFOREST BUKIED UNDER THE mense sheets of thick Ice, showingCITY OF WASHINGTONtnat the trees lived in the latterpart of the Great Ice Age, which isan variously estimated to have endedFEW YOUNG FOLKS t.ttte JAZZ,SAYS MODERN GIRLEvidence of the existence ofancient swamp in which great trees from 20,000 to 30,000 years ago.flourished in days long past, possibly contemporaneous with " earliestman in America, has just been discovered in a deep excavation madefor the foundation of a hotel underconstruction in Washington, D. C.At a depth of about 25 feet belowthe street level the excavation disclosed a layer of black swampOnly 3 per cent of the youngpeople of the day prefer relaxationin the form of jazz. The other 97per cent, are innately decent. TheyI want a good time, but they likemuck, containing large quantities of wholesome pleasure. They like outwood, tree trunks and stumps. Some . of-doors pleasures and things - thatof the stumps are of great size, a are worth while. This is especiallyfew of them reaching a diameter of the case among college and univer9 to 10 feet. Much of the wood is sity girls, as well as business girls,well preserved, showing clearly the said Miss Jessie Burrall. famous Bi-woody structure and the externalmarkings of the bark. A preliminary examination indicates that oneof the more common trees of thisancient swamp was cypress.The story of these trees, however,is only a brief chapter of the wholegeological history shown inx the excavation which has just been examined by Chester K. Wentworth forthe United States Geological Survey.Ages ago this part of the AtlanticCoastal Plain was from time to timecovered by the sea, into whichstreams swept vast quantities ofmud, sand and gravel and boulderswhich formed thick deposits thatcovered large areas. When the region finally emerged from the seaPotomac River cut its valley inthese deposits, which were carriedabout here and there also by smallerstreams. The larger boulders arederived from the granite on whichthe gravel lies, but some of thesmaller pebbles come from parts ofthe Potomac basin beyond the BlueRidge and others from veins ofquartz in the granites of the Piedmont Pleateau.Over the layer of plant debrismuck in this old fine clay and pebbles were laid down by streams ofwater during the glacial epoch,when the northern part of NorthAmerica, as far south as northernPennsylvania, was covered with im-1NTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m7:00 a. m8:00 a. m9:00 a. m-10:00 a. m11:00 a. m12:00 m.1:00 p. m2:00 p. m3:00 p. m4:00 p. m5:00 p. si.6:00 p. in!7:t0 p. mS:10 p. m11:00 p. m.ble teacher, of Youngstown, Ohio,who recently left a class of 1,600girls to institute a 'religious department .t Foster Institute."It's the greatest fun in the worldto be a -Christian," said Miss Burrell. "I do not seek the sensational,I like girls and they like me, andthis is the largest element in whatever success I have had."EHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'srreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.DOG DIES IN FIRE WITH HIS" MASTERFaithful to his master until death,a bull pup stood by the side of JohnBracken, watchman, trapped in theLong Island Waste Co.'s plantin Long Island City, New York, until flames and smoke choked themaster's shouts and the dog's barksfor help.They were found dead, the dog'shead on his master's chest, by policemen who came too late. JohnHerrick, a friend of the watchman,was severely burned in a futile attempt to rescue the man and dog.The General Education Board inNew York, agreed sometime ago togive Centre College $200,000 incash provided the jeople of Kentucky contributed $300,000 in cashto Centre College for endowment.This offer expired July 1, 1922.An extension of time has nowbeen granted until December 31,1922. The Million Dollar Campaignfor the Christian Education in Kentucky will care, for this $300,000.Its success will 'therefore provide$500,000 for Centre College. It hasbeen intimated that when this halfmillion is secured, other funds fromthe outside will come to Centre College. Centre College" is .essentially aKentucky institution. When Centre Teat Harvard, every Kentiickianfelt that he had a share in the victory. Why should we all not sharein this more lasting and fundamental undertaking for Centre?The campaign for $1,000,000 isbeing conducted among Presbyterians. There would seem to be novalid reason? however, why any loyal Kentuckian, who is interested ineducation, should not share in providing the full amount for CentreCollege. All subscrpitions made" forCentre College will be acceptableand will be used as indicated.Centre College What it has:Size of Campus, 42 acres.Value of Campus- $70,000.Number of Buildings, eight. -vValue of Buildings, May 15, 1922,$325,000.Amount of Endowment, May 15,1922, $814,654.85.Annual Budget, 1922-23, $77,500. Endowment Income, 1921-22,$39,005.04.Income from Students, 1921-22,$19,169.96.Other Income, 1921-22, $12,000.Number of Students, 1921-22,287.Student capacity (with presentteaching force), 275.Endowment needed, $1,000,000.Present Campaign, $500,000.Needed for Buildings. $250,000.What It Needs:$150,000 to build and maintain adormitory.$75,000 to fully endow a professorship.$50,000 to endow Chair of Bible.$10,000 to improve home of President. $5,000 to $10,000 to assist "in theupkeep of the library.$2,000 to $3,00 will endow speciallibrary for one Department of Instruction. $100 to $10,000 will assist in increasing the general endowment.Cash Fare, 60c: Ticktt Far. 64cCommutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. TicktU, iinglt trip, or 1bQuantities, date unlimited, sold between all plnta at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TKACTIOK 6 TEEMNAL CO.(dec6-tf)RECIPE FOR LIVING TO OLDAGEIf you would live long, livepeacefully.This is the recipe for longevity,according to David C. Barnard, 102years old, who has been visiting inKansas City."Get religion and it'll make you sohappy you'll just live easy," thecentenarian explained.Another contributing fact6r toward a long life, Barnard declaredis consistent exercise. Barnard, aCivil War veteran, lives with one ofhis nine children at JerichoSprings, Mo.Bill Hart's" youtig son hasn't robbed any trains yet."COLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute attack of JNasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulnrs free.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio.oLILAC BUSH IN BLOOM SECONDTIME IN SEASONW. R. Graves, of Hopkinsville,has a freak in a lilac bush that isbearing its second crop of leavesand is blooming for the second timethis summer. Recently the bushdropped all its leaves and now has anew suit. Mr. Graves pulled a bunchof blossoms in every way the equalof those which appeared at theusual time in the spring.Seven, million Russian rubles areworth a dollar. Pay no more.EisESQI.s2tFzsssi'iiiiiA FOOD -- OZs"?. jxtr--- g&J)jfcuwHBn jft . , -fif, ... ,-j,. - y fl' ib mrnn ana cm. SL sr -c-"., " - .v a, ---vj -zP'z, f - -" x--.-t. -. - c"; r - 3- ;The one way -tokeep sound, rperfect teeth :THE only way to keep the priceless blessing of sound,A perfect teeth is to eat the kind of food that suppliesthem not only with proper nourishment but gives themwork to do. Grape-Nuts not only induces thorough mastication, but also supplies the lime and other elements required for building .firm tooth structure.This v'holesome, healthful cereal food is made fromwhole wheat flour and malted barley. All the nutrimentof these splendid grains, including the vital mineral elements so often lacking in so-called, "refined" foods, isretained." A delicious, appetizing dish, Grape-Nuts, with creamor good milk, provides complete nourishment for body,bone and nerves, in readily digestible form.Sold by Grocers Everywhere ! l&Jl -"There's a Reason"for irfape-iNuidTHE BODY BUILDERMade by Postum CercaTCo.. Inc., Battle Creek, Mich.Minnesota Citizens War on Overzealous Officers.Organize to Save Motorists From Un.Just Finis by Small Town Authorities Who Prey on Highway Tourists.Minneapolis, Minn. Tourists, especially those from other states thanMinnesota1, will not be the prey ofoverzealous authorities in the smalltowns ,of Minnesota, who are rigidlyenforcing local traffic cojies with azest, bent upon enhancing their ownsalaries or enriching the coffers of thevillage, if a movement started amongseveral towns continues to spread.Vigilance committees, composed ofresidents of the communities, havebeen formed, which the tourist who hasbeen haled into court may depend onfor fair, reasonable treatment. -Thesecommittees will see that too rapid justice will not engulf the Innocent, especially when the motorist happens tobe a tourist from outside the state,and therefore expectedly Ignorant ofthe traffic laws in that locality.With the tourist industry developingby rapid strides in Minnesota, the action of the small town officers in strictly enforcing petty infractions was seenas a possible deterrent and menacingfactor to its progress,- according toPerry S. Williams, manager of theMinneapolis Journal travel and resortbureau, who was Instrumental in organizing the first vigilance committee."The trouble apparently threatenedas a result of the fact that at manypoints both the constables and deputies making the arrests and the courtofficer before whom the alleged offenders must appear profited with theassessment of the fine," Mr. Williamssaid. "Part of the work of the vigilance groups will be to correct this arrangement where It exists. Effortswill be made to place such officers ona definite and increased salary basis.Also it is planned to have moneys procured from fines placed in road fundsto help along the general work of bettering the state highway conditions."Communities lying along the 'statehighway leading to and around MilleLacs lake, on trunk highway No. 18,were first to organize the "vigilantes."Princeton led the way with the organization of a highway vigilance committee and similar groups are beingformed nt Onamia, Milaca and Isle.BABY WONDER WHISTLERI O "ijuuirr1 fit, i fj. , ,. AssT' ' ' sm MbVsbt" '"--!!BE's-v-' ' vBi -' SflsHilVt ';:.iV' V" ssHsVvHiwMHJHBVBHsVHHBBlBiisBiBVirginia Bedard of Fortlanl, Ore.,is only three years old, but you should,hear her whistle. She made quite ahit when in San Francisco with hermother," "Mrs. Grace Bedard. Scientistscannot figuie how the youngster became such a great whistler. She carries any tune and, as for sounding thecall of the birds well, the birds themselves are fooled.Japanese Cut Exports of Silk.Tokyo. :In order to prevent a slumpin the market, manufacturers and exporters of raw silk have decided tohold 30 per cent of their output atYokohama. The silk has " been accumulating at Yokohama owing tostagnation of .export trade and declinein domestic demand.Landlady Wills Boarder $2,066.New York. Catherine Charles, forthirty years a boarding-house proprietor, rewarded the kindness, andthoughtf ulness of Frank J. Hurley, aboarder, by leaving him her entire fortune of $2;06G. She died Jiine 28. Hurley is an acrobat, known on the -stageas Frank Rossi.Man Hangs Himself byStrength of ImaginationLondon. Dr. Henry Kingtestified at a coroner's jury thatAlfred Manning, a despondentman, planned to take his ownlife by hanging, and tied ahandkerchief around his neck,but not "tight enough to causestrangulation. The physiciansaid that death was due to thefact that Manning had convinced himself that he washanging himself. Through auto-suggestionthe heart stoppedbeating.-JL?fif"-'TJTE TTNIERS AL CA1TYou Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou -Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It Easy ' .You Get Insurance With. ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYKentuckyxiXSSSX;i:;::i Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetSATISFACTI ONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry applianeesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky1X1EX!?:c;IX:IXLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGCj5SSlI-tfwill counselEyou when youWneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.!ireKliWMilKhliKH.iTwo - Year - Old Rose Plants- On Sale From July 1 to July 15- Second Crop Seed Irish Potatoes -JOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St, Near Main Both Phove' it: 1V-rM ; "-Vv -,5" A:tit-jsIii5liI1j i.ffl!J1i5 4i-uw4Stf. '..ar-w'?FA6mGTTH1 BOURBON NEWS,PARK,HS55HEKENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBBlf 3, 1J22 7rDEATHSIs But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Kust Pay3 F 1JIATS STEAL- ITVE CASES OB& . XGGSvli Missing eggs from the kitchen byvLftke case, employes of Paradise Inn,tMount "Rainier National Park, exoh-'.eraed themselves by discoveringr Mthit -wood rats had been carrying-..-away and hiding supplies under the(.liotel floor. More, than five cases ofegg& were recovered in the catchesmade by the rats., One afternoon the freight truckbrought an unusually large load ofsupplies up the mountain prepara-' -lory for the- ski fete the next day,unong them seven cases of eggs.The next morning when theIMtchen help began to assemble thetbreakfast material more than half74;he ggs were missing. About halfthe guests had ham without the customary two eggs. Meantime cases. of oranges, strawberries and boxesi-ot crackers showed signs of tamer--jingand the chief steward began in. "yestigatingIt was found that wood rats by"ithe hundreds had taken up their-iabode under the walls of the inn-during the severe winter and wereconsuming as much food from thelkitcn,en as the guests.MILLERSBURGInteresting News Items From Bourbon County's College Town: MATRIMONIALA Record of San Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go ByAi'iARE THE SEASONS CHANGING?"W. B. Graves, "of Hopkinsvilie,lias a freak in the .form of a lilac"jush that is bearing its second crop-.of leaves 'and is blooming for the- -second time this summer. Recentlythe bush'dpbpp4ed' all its leaves and" Jnow has a .new. suit. , 'Mrs. Frankie Morrison, of Paris,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. AmosStamper.Mrs. C. J. Pore and son, guestsof Mrs. Pore's parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. A. Farris, have returned to theirhome in Covington.The Aid Society of the Christian church will hold an all-daymeeting Wednesday at the home ofMrs. S. C. Carpenter.Vernon Stamper, student atUniversity of Kentucky, Lexington,was the week-end guest of hisN parents, Mr. and Mrs. Amos Stamper.The Chapel exercises at the Millersburg High School Wednesday,will be conducted by Harold Harris,Secretary of the Paris CommercialClub.Miss Case, teacher of English,History and Spanish, in MillersburgCollege, took membership with theChristian church at the morningservice, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Pope and little daughter, Bettie Bruce, guestsof Mrs. Pope's parents, Mr. andMrs. S. E. Bruce, have returned totheir home in Ashland.Mr. and Mrs. R. K. Vaught,Mrs. S. H. Creighton, Mrs. C. W.White, guests of Mr. and Mrs. T. D.Judy, have returned to their homein Indianapolis, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Layson announce the engagement of theirdaughter, Levina Letton, to Dr. Jas.F. -Owen, of St. Louis, Mo. x Thewedding will take place in November. , iMrs. H. L. Adams, Huntington,W. Va., Mr. and Mrs. W. T Perry,Hon. J. M. Kendall and Vera Kidallof" Winchester, were week-endguests of Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Car-: Mr. Graves pulled a bunch of"blossoms that were in every way the ; penter.'egual of those which appear at the! -The first game of football ofjusual time in the spring. the-season was played Saturday af-iJ. O. Kirk has on his farm on the ternoon on the athletic field of M.Grassy Lick pike, near Mt. Sterling, M. I., between M. M. I. and Mays-1a, locust tree in full bloom. The ville teams. Score 27-7, in favor of J-tree is a mass of flowers, muchTM. M. I.Marriage licenses were issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to the following:Clyde Clem, 21, and Miss GenevieveCassity, 21, both of Greendale; Samuel Fryman, 21,-and Miss BessieToomey, 16, and W. K. Russell', 40,and Miss Leona Bishop, 22, all ofBourbon county.Announcements, worded as follows, have been sent out to friendsand relatives in this city andcounty:"Mrs. John T. Collinsannounces the marriage oifNherdaughterMarietoMr. Lawrence Raymer Joneson Wednesday, the twenty-seventhof September,one thousand nine hundred andtwenty-twoat Collinwood,North Middletown, Kentucky."The following announcementshave been sent to 'relatives andfriends of the groom in this city:"Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Tompkinsannounce the marriage of their.daughterIsabel GracetoMr. Wayne Taylor Cottingham,on Monday, the twenty-fifth of' "September 'one thousand nine hundred and wtwenty-two,Louisville, Kentucky.. .MORRIS MORRISBurris Morris and Mrs. Elizabeth Morris, both of Nicholas coun--!ty, were re-married in the office ofCounty Judge George Batterton,who performed the ceremony in thepresence of their son. The couplewere divorced some years ago, butsmaller than those of the spring and Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy, Mr. I. .. . .greatly resembling the bloom of the . ana Mrs. t. is., vaugnt, lvirs. &. a..jwhite lilac. Creigton, Mrs. G. W. White, MissApple trees don't always confine Mary Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. J. T."their festive rainment to spring, ac- Judy and family, motored to Shakercording to Mrs. S. Johnson Stokes, town for the day Sunday,rho lives on the Military pike, near' The protracted meeting at theXexington. Mrs. Stokes saidALAMO2:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren lOcSAVE MONEYBuy Bo ok, TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box OfficeSJI-oo- ' -TUESDAY- -TUESDAYBetty Compson and Tom Moorein "OVER f H rBORiEALSOCharlie Chaplin "A 'ftofTvZZSt"GRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults -..30cGallery 20cChildren 1 OciWednesday Wm. DeMille Production WednesdayAGNES AYRES " J?rffcand Paid For"Success, A DRAMAand JACK HOLTProm George Broadhurst's Tremendous StageTHAT WILL THRILL YOUU VERY SOUL.. . AISO PATHE NEWS AND EDUCATIONAL COHEDTTHURSDAY Only Two Days FRIDAYMARK TWAIN'SGREATEST COMEDY' A C onnecti c utfanke ein King Arthur's Court'Now is your chance to see something you have waited for This bigproduction will only be here two days. Don't YOU be the one to missit.WATCH FOR THE CONNECTICUT YANKEEHE WILL PASS YOUR DOORpopularMiss Bathnce Beadle, of Mt.Sterling, and Miv John McNabb, ofParis, were married in Mt. Sterling,that Christian church' will begin October Rev. F. W. Chappel performing theBEADLE McNABB-one on her farm blooms every year 16. The Rev. L. E. Sellers, of Harabout this time and is in blossom rodsburg, will conduct the services.-aow. iThe song services will be directed"If the frost holds off long by Mr. C. Martin, a noted evangelisvenough it will bear tyr6 crops this tic singer,year," said Mrs. Slokes. The Rev. G. W. Nutter and. . o I Mrs. Nutter, had as. guests Sunday,Mr. and Mrs. Arthur West, Mr. andHorace Greely's "Go West" was Mr3 Porrest Miller and daughters,mot meanior uie young iurK. Misses Edith nnrt Marv Miller, ofNicholasville. Miss Edith Miller isi 4..j4- e ivrjii r,i., -in.A woman from Idaho took poison " " eol"s u"c'-while in Philadelphia, but this was ! Richard Butler, former timeaaot the reascn .keeper for the Louisville & NashvilleK. K. company in fans, now locat-' ed at Ravenna, has been appointedassistant master of trains of theEastern Kentucky division, withheadquarters at Ravenna. Mr. Butler is a Millersburg boy, is a brotherof Mayor W. A. Butler, Mr. RufusButler, and the Misses Butler, ofMillersburg.An informal reception was giv' en by the members of the Christianchurch Monday night at 8 o'clockin the church for the students andmembers of the faculty of Millersburg Military Institute, Millersburg1 College and Millersburg Bourbon.County High School, ivho are memjbers of this church. A musical! program was given, and a socialhour enjoyed . Light refreshments.were served.I Extensive arrangements are being made by the residents of Millersburg and vicinity for the CountyHigh School Fair, which is to be.held under auspices of the Agricultural Club there on October 13.I This will be the second annual agricultural fair to be held by theschool, and a splendid success is assured. Through the efforts of the'-agricultural department of theschool, and a splendid success is assured. Through the efforts of theagricultural department of the, school it has been made possible forthe farmers of Bourbon and adjoin, ing counties to hold a demonstration'in the practical grading of tobacco.The work consists of twelve demonstrations. One-half of the graders'salary is paid by the United StatesGovernment and the other half byceremony. The bride is a daughterof Mr. and Mrs. George Beadle, andthe groom is a son of Mr. and Mrs.James McNabb, cf Bath county. Hethese worthy andpeople. - -Announcements worded as follows,liave been issued to friends and relatives' of the bride in. this vicinity:"Mr. tand Mrs. George "A. Rose 'r announce the marriage of theirw daughterLena Leota,ki" ? to.Dr. Louis E.' KidwellSaturday, September the. thirtieth,nineteen hundred and twenty-two,,s Paris, Kentucky.""At Homeafter October tenthRichmond, Ky."young HEN IAyS 107 EGGS WITHOUTMISSTo the wife of W.' H. Case, nearParis, September 29, a son, theirfirst born, named Harold Eugeneis at present employed in the office Caso Mis. Case was formerly Missof the American Express .Company, :,jary Tom Mitchell, of Paris,in Paris. "I .Summer resorts are deserted except for the last beaux of summer.I Suits1 for Boysirj" wk3i;lIn the new and snappyshades in the sport models with two pairs pants$10-$12-$15Cap to match; $1.00 and $1.50Waists and Shirts N. 1.UU l.&D, $!.OUMiTo be well dressed youmust see ui.Price & Co.Clothiers!i Bourbon county.VALUE OF TEAM WORKtTeam work is the foundation onwhich all great things are accomplished and it is the mainspring ofall organizations. The town ori community in which you liveis anj organization, the success of whichbuuuiu mm one ui me ioremostthoughts in your daily life. Its success depends upon the support it receives from its citizens and its suc-cess means your success. By supporting your local clubs and organizations, who are striving hard todo big things for your community,you will be doing your part in assuring its1 progress. ;MORAL Team work assures success. VWhy shouldn't the ex-Kaisermarry? He has enough wood cut tolast him all "winter.CASON BISHOPAt his home in this city Rev.W. E. Ellis, pas' or of the ParisChristian church, peiformsd theceremony uniting in marriage MissGladys Fisher- Bishop, daughter olMr. and Mrs. W. H. Bishop, of Nicholas county, and Mr. William RubyCason, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. S.Cason, of Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Layson, ofMillersburg, announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Lavinia Layson, to Dr. F. Owen, of St.Louis, Mo. The wedding will takeplace in the early part of November. Miss Layson is an attractiveyoung woman, possessing manybeautiful traits of character, and isquite a favorite in her social circle.Dr. .Owens is a nephew of Mrs. LouLetton, of Paris, and Mrs. JennieLetton,. ofMUlersburg. He holds aposition as dentist1 in the Government HcrepitaV in St. Louis.The champion egg layer of theuniverse' -is the title claimed by officials of the experimental farm atOttawa, Canada,' for Betsy, a whiteETeghqrn hen. Betsy has laid an egga day for 107 days without a singlemiss.- - ' mL. iA TIP TO PAEIS PEOPLE(Hodgenville Herald)Dr. G. W. Gaddie says if blackbirds annoy by roosting too close tothe house, get a email bell cf any! kind and tie it in the tree with aj string hanging down and when theyhave alighted ring the bell with alittle pull cf the string. The frightgiven them is even greater thanthat cf shooting.cMuch interest in the midiron isgiving way to .he gridiron.SPOT IS MARKED WHERE INDIANS SPARED TRADERGeneral Pershing isoral delivery is older.62, but gen-Wapatomica, the site of an old Iridian village, where Simon Girty, th'e"white savage," rescued Simon Kerfton, under sentence of death andabout to be burned at the stake byIndians many years ago, has beenpermanently marked by a flag polefrom which floats "Old Glory."Girty, who lived among the Indians practically his entire life, madean eloquent plea to save the life ofthe white trader, which so impressed tho savage3 that they gave 'Kenton an escort to Sanduskyfromwhich point he reached the civilization of his day at Detroit, then little more than a "fort and tradingpost.Tho cost is -on the pumpkin andthe shock is in the price.oSome take too much trouble inmaking pleasure and ethers toomuch pleasure in making trouble.ROSE KIDWELLThe home of Rev. M. T. Chandler, pastor of the Epworth Methodist church, in Lexington, was thescene of a pretty wedding at seveno'clock Saturday evening, whenRev. Chandler said the ceremonyuniting the hands and hearts ofMiss Lena Rose, of Paris, and Dr.Louis Edgar Kidwell, of Richmond.The young people managed tokeep their intentions a profound secret, and, accompanied by Mr. andMrs. Claude Redmon, Jr., of .Paris,motored Saturday to Lexington forthe ceremony.The bride was becomingly attiredin a handsome brown suit, with hatto match. She is a daughter of Mr. 'and Mrs."George M. Rose, of Paris,and a sister of Miss Carrie Rose, ofHuntington, West Va. She is a'graduate of the Paris High School,and was a member of the girls' basket ball team of that institution.For two years she has been bookkeeper for the Paris branch of theA. F. Wheeler Furniture Company,where she was highly esteemed forher efficiency and ability.Dr. Kidwell is a former residentof Bourbon county, having for atime resided at Little Rock. He isa son of Rev. and Mrs. E. K. Kidwell, of Ewing. He served overseasduring the world war, and on his return to America took up the study,of chiropractric, graduating with'high honors at th'e Palmer School ofChiropractory, in Davenport, Iowa.On his return to Kentucky he opened an office at Richmond, where heastablished a successful practice.After the ceremony Dr. and Mrs!Kidwell left for an Eastern weddingtrip. jOn their return they wille"at liome" in Richmond, to tn'eirfriends.THE NEWS extends hearty congratulations and - best wishes toSHOE VALUESFor all this week. Newest autumn styles are now Ijere. - Anothergreat offering of Paris' Greatest Shoe Store that will appeal to themost economical shoppers of Paris and vicinity. ADVANCESALE of newest Fall Footwear at startling low prices. Buy at thisstore and ave the difference.Ladies' new 'Fall Satin Strap Slippers, low and cushion heel. Agreat value. Special$2.85Ladies newest Fall Styles Patentand Tan lace Oxfords. Wonderful values. Sale price ?3.45 and$3.95Ladies' and Growing Girls' newestFall Shoes and Oxfords. 7Lowrubber heels. On sale at$295Special Ladies' Tan Lace Oxfords,English toe; rubber heels, $3.00values. On sale at$1.95WALKOVERS NewestAutumnStylesareNoWxHere fMen's newest Fall Shoes that combine style and quality. $2.95,$3.45 and$3.95Boys' and Girls' School Shoe. Trueeconomy in every pair. Boys' andYouths' newest Tan EnglishShoes. Rubber heels. Special$2.95"Boys', Youths' and .Little Gents'School Shoes in tan leather. Size10 to 6. Very" special$1.99Misses' and Childrens' Tan LaceSchool Shoes at a wonderful saving. All sizes 8up to 2$1.99POSNERDAN COHEN STANDBROS.336 MklN STREETh- ?'--Zrrvi-f -,i jv,rJH.&--rf"?if-y?fs;Xfirf - .-f--fci' 4 bJ.ifr" a.-.. j-rfW"i.--".aii'rm?iaZ-. j-w- --J, - - -- ' a. -iw