. -.-J vf,,&-: -: ?J art-1 sTHEit.'.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY Us' THE YEAR.' - i rr-: fVOLUME XLI1PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 30 1922.BOURBON. :jg . flriKH 1' B B V KPI1CVYOtSTATE MEETING WOMAN'S CLUBCLOSES SESSIONSThe twenty-eighth, annual meetingof the Kentucky Federation of "Women's Clubs closed at HopkinsviUe,-with a banquet at which addresseswere made on "Good Roads" by Senator White Moss, of Pineville; 'Inthe State Constabulary," by DeshaBreckinridge, of Lexington, and"'Woman's Sphere," by Mrs. J. E.Hayes, State president of theGeorgia Federation.Officers for the next year wereelected as follows: Second vicepresident, Mrs. John Crenshaw, Hopiinsville; fourth vice president,Mrs. B. W. Bayless, Louisville; recording secretary, Mrs. StanleyReed, Maysville; treasurer, Mrs. Allie Dixon. North Middletown; general federation director, Mrs. H. G.Heynolds, Paducah.Invitations to entertain the nextannual meeting were received fromStanford, Louisville, Paducah andWinchester. Selection of Winchesler for next year's meeting wasmade later by the executive committee. Resolutions were adoptedpledging the support of the federation to better housing and. livingconditions, promotion of ideals ofpeace, praising the recent educational survey made in Kentucky andpromising close co-operation withthe Kentucky educational association.TNVITEIK TO ATTENDSCHOOLSUMMERThe Paris Commercial Club,through secretary-manager Harold"F. Harris, has extended an invitation to the teachers of the neighboring counties of Central Kentucky toattend the Bourbon County SummerSchool, which will be in session atthe Paris High School from June 19to July 28.With the letter was a program ofthe Summer School, and an excreptirom the report of the .University ofKentucky to State .SuperintendentKxeorge Colvin, stating "The summerschool conducted in Bourbon countyduring the summer of 1921 was one-of the very best in the State."PROCRASTINATION IS A THIEFOF TIMENOW IS THE TIME YOU SHOULDBUY THAT BUILDING AND LOANSTOCK.PEOPLES' BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION, INC.G. W. WILDER, Pres.F. W. GALLOWAY, Sec.(30-2t)CITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS'ye Know Row"THE NEWmmimIn Balabuntals, Sailors,Bangkoks and LeghornsARE HERE!Oar assortment of attractive and becoming StrawHats is a very completeone.Prepare yourself for thelong hot summer days bygetting under one of ournew Straw Hats.WE FIT YOUR FACEAS WELL AS YOURHEAD!Mitchell &BlakemoreThe City Council met in regularsession in the City Hall, and transacted considerable business of importance. Mayor B. B. January presided, with Councilmen Doyle, Henry, Mitchell, Santen, Speakes, Skillman and Henry, and City AttorneyMcMillan and City Clerk Hayden inattendance.The Council passed an ordinanceimposing a license tax on foreignnewspapers soliciting advertising- orsubscriptions in the city of Paris.The ordinance provides that "eachperson, firm or corporation engagedin the business of conducting anewspaper agency for the purpose ofsoliciting subscriptions or advertisements for a paper published elsewhere than in the city of Paris, shallbe required to first obtain a licensetherefor and pay a license tax of $50a year." The ordinance includes apenalty of not less than $1.00 normore than $50 for each offense, andis to go into effect immediately afterits passage and publication as required by law.The Council "passed another ordinance making it unlawful to sell orto offer for sale in the city of Parismilk from any cow which has notbeen given the tuberculin -test. Another ordinance passed makes it amisdemeanor for any other than alicensed plumber to tap or to makeconnection with any sewer in thecity of Paris. The v Council fixedthe tax rate at $2.00 on each $100worth of taxable property in thecity of Paris, tbe same rate as prevailed last year. A poll tax of $2.00was also ordered collected from eachmale inhabitant of the"-city.Officers of the colored Baptistchurch were granted a permit tobuild a one-story brick church building at the corner of Short and Cypress streets, at an approximatecost of $35,000. This permit "hadbeen held up for several months owing to protests from residents in thevicinity. Farley & Power weregranted a permit to remodel the McMillan building, on Broadway, anda permit was issued to Mrs. AmnePrichard Brown, to erect a framekitchen as an addition to her homeon East Eighth street.Both Woodford Spears and Catesby Spears having declined to serveas members of the Boards of Supervisors, Wm. G. Talbott was appointed. The Board is now composed ofWm. G. Talbott, Ossian Edwards andM. J. Lavin. The City Attorney wasrequested to draw up an ordinanceproviding for a $50,000 bond issuefor the purpose of erecting a newHigh School building. The Board ofEducation had asked for an issue of$80,000. The vote on the bond issuewas delayed until the ordinance isprepared.The 'Council appointed the following as members of the Health Board:Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, Dr. JoVardenxand Dr. J. M. Williams. Dr.A. H. Keller will continue to serveas City Health Officer. Automobiletrucks from adjoining towns delivering goods in Paris were ordered topay licenses.oNEW HOUSE FOR SALESCHOOL NOTESWednesday, June 7, at 10:00 a.m.. Prof. McHenry Rhodes, of StateUniversity, will deliver the commencement address to x the BourbonCounty Eighth Grade graduates. Avery attractive program is beingprinted in and will be sent to everyEighth Grade graduate in Bourboncounty.We know thi3 is a very busytime, especially with the" farmers,but your boy and girl will never bean Eighth Grade graduate again, sowe especially hope you will set asidethis day to honor your boy or girl.The Paris band or orchestra will,furnish the music for this occasion.The exercises will be held at theParis High School Auditorium, andpreparations are being made to takecare of the largest audience evergathered in that auditorium. " 'The High School "Commencementwill be held at the Christian church,Thursday morning, "June 8th, at teno'clock. Rev. T. S. Smylie will deliver the class address. The commencement sermon will be preachedat St. Peter's Episcopal church Sunday morning, Jane 4. Rev. W. S. jCain will deliver the sermon, beatswill be reserved at both the Highschool services for the parents ofthe graduates.The final examinations are beingBASEBALLnVBLUE GRASS LEAGUE STANDING.Club Won Lost P,ct.Maysville 9 1 .900Lexington .'. . . . .7 3 .700Paris.. ....... ..4 " 5 .444Cynithiana 4 5 .444Mt. .Sterling 2 8 .20.0SUNDAY'S RESULTS -Lexington 4, Paris 3.Winchester 4, Maysville 3, (13innings.)Cynthiana 8, Mt. Sterling 7,(11,innings.) ""TO-DAY'S GAMESMaysville at Paris.Winchester at Mt. Sterling.Cynthiana at Lexington.One of the largest and most enthusiastic crowds of the presentseason witnessed the game at LeaguePark, Sunday afternoon between theLexington and Paris teams of theBluegrass League. For a largenumber only standing room wasavailable, every seat on the grandstand and bleachers being taken.The game was hotly contestedthroughout, but was lost to Paris bya series of bad plays and fumbles atcritical moments. The final scorecfrn1 A. fr 5 f-n favnr rf T.ttYincrtnnheld this week and the indications Turner,g triple and Amato's singleUtJ Bi- . .. ,. . . j TTTJ11iu tut; suveiiLu liiuiug uiuve wins,Paris pitcher, from the box after hehad pitched six innings, allowingbut two hits, and gave Lexington awinning margin over the locals. JimPark, pitching for the Lexingtons,kept the Paris hits well scattered.Sensational fielding on the part ofthe Lexington infield featured thegame. The batteries were: ForLexington. Park and Turner; forParis, Wills, Miner and Brocke.Triebel. former big league umpiredthe game, which went for one hourand fifty-five minutes.The meeting held in Paris to consider the proposition to extend theBluegrass League to four games aweek, resulted in the clubs -votingfour for and two against. Cynthianaand Winchester are opposed tochanging the scehdule, but President Russell believes the changewill finally be made.Brocky, the crack catcher for theParis team, leads the list of heavyhitters in the' Blue Grass League,with about .45D average. He is asteady, consistent player, and isreasonably certain of getting safehits in every game. He is playing astar game on the receiving stationfor Paris. vThere will be no ball game betweenthe Presbyterians and Baptists today, (Tuesday. A double headerwill be played Friday by thev ChurchLeague.NEW 7-E00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTEIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UEB0N LUMBER CO.(nov25-tna! Y. M. C. A. NOTESare that the failures willtremely few.The vocational guidance coursewas closed Friday when Major Balleau, of the United States'- Armyspoke to the boys and Miss Polletspoke to the girls. Eighteen addresses were given in this course.The distribution of the High Annuals is being made this week and ismoving along satisfactorily. Anyonedesiring to purchase an Annual canget one at the High School.In the Latin tournament held recently in Winchester, Wm. A. Thomason, Jr., of the North Middletownschool, received a grade of 91, entitling him to honorable mention.Charles C. Clarke," Jr., of the sameschool, received an average of 89.One hundred and sixty-seven pupils of the Eighth Grade of thecounty schools will receive their diplomas from the public schools ofBourbon county on June 7 and 9.This number includes 104 white pupils and 3 colored children .jtfllopassed the examinations held in January and May. Of this number 65were boys and 102 were girls. Thehighest average attained in the Mayexaminations was made by Miss SueBascom, of Millersburg, whose average was 95 per cent. Katy Elvoveand Paul McVey, of Paris, both tiedfor second place, getting averagesnf P4 Thp averaere asres of thewhite pupils was thirteen years, andthat of the colored pupils sixteen.The county eighth grade commencement for white pupils will beheld at the Paris High School auditorium on Wednesday morning,June 7. Prof. McHenry Rhodes, ofthe University of Kentucky, wmspeak. The diplomas will be presented by Superintendent J. M. McVev. Everv white eighth gradegraduate in Bourbon county is requested to be present. The public iscordially invited to attend these exercises.EULOGIZES WELL-KNOWN BOUEBON PEOPLEMiss Mary Bryan, society editorof the Lexington Herald, writingfrom HopkinsviUe during the sessions of the State Federation of Wo-(over the streets of the city iritfeoatman's Clubs, says of prominentBourbon county people who attendedthe meeting:"Mr. Frederick Wallis was anotherguest of honor. This is his nativeplace also and he had a grand ovation when he gave his lecture on'Immigration' Thursday eveningbefore the federation. He is accompanied by Mrs. Wallis, who made avery entertaining report to the convention of the Kentucky Club ofNew York, of which she is president. "Lexington has a claim upon themalso, as Mr. Wallis lived here forseveral years and Mrs. Wallis wasMiss Nannine Clay, of Paris. Theyare both so gracious and lovely thepeople here 'are delighted with them."Mr. Wallis spoke briefly of hisinterest in Kentucky's problems andhis faith in the Federation's abilityto help solve them, declaring hisbelief that 'anything the women getback of they put over.' "oBOURBON GUN CLUB REGULARSHOOTThe Bourbon Gun Club will holdtheir regular shoot Wednesday afternoon, May 31, at their newgrounds in East Paris. The boysare going good and strong, hittingthem right on the nose. To. seewho is who at this shoot we are going to hang up two trophies as follows: First trophy a dandy electriciron donated by the Paris Gas &Electric Coi 8he second trophy is afine box of cigars donated by Benedetti & Co. Remember the Stateshoot will be held in Bourboncounty July 18, 19. 20. Visitors always welcome.RUDOLPH DAVIS, Sect.SAVE YOUR MONEYHas always been and is still goodadvice. Money insures comfort inold age, when too often comfort islacking. Therefore, save it nowwith the Bourbon Building & LoanAssociation.Join our new series, which opensSaturday, June 3.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.CITIZENS COMPLAIN Off' LAWKSBEING DAMAGEDMany complaints have beea.,Aeartfthis week of the action of aocMstockmen in driving herds of cattlehaving a sufficient number of mm tekeep them from straying. One prominent Paris physician told rTHMNEWS yesterday that his lamswhich was unfenced, had beenpractically ruined by a drove of cattlebeing driven along the streets at-tended by two little boys, not mei.There is a city ordinance whickexpressly forbids this, imposingfine for violation thereof, but likemany other city ordinances, it isobserved only in the breach. Thedrovers, themselves are to blamemostly for the trouble, as theyshould send alotfg sufficient help tokeep the cattle fiom straying. It's avery annoying thing to the carefulhousekeeper to see her nicely keptlawn utterly, ruined by a bunch of.cattle. Some of the sufferers statethey will prosecut the next time thecattle are driven aloang the streetwithout having the proper numberof tenders, men, not boys.CHANGE IN OPERA HOUSE MANAGEMENTEffective June 3, according to recent announcement, a change inlocal management of the ParieGrand Opera House and Alamo Theatre, will be made, present managerClarence Sprake being supercededby Miss Anna Belle Ward, now managing the Richmond house.Miss Ward is well-known in localtheatrical circles. For some timeshe was manager of a Maysvillemovie house, but in recent years hadbecome associated with the 'management of the Richmond house, ownedand operated by the PhoenixAmusement Company, of Lexington whichowns and operates a chain of-CenttaLKentucky houses. Miss Ward willcontinue to be in charge of theRichmond house, dividing time' between Paris and Richmond. Nothinghas been given out regarding thepersonnel of the local house employes. Mr. Sprake has not indicated what line of business he will take.In Japan fencing is regarded as agreat accomplishment for youngwomen.The Third Annual Free Swimming Campaign for boys will probably be held the week beginningJune 5 and the Free Campaign forSERVICE OFFERED"OUE GEADUATION GIFT LINEIS COMPLETE.THE A. J. WINTEES CO,NEWS OF THE C0UETSOUUC u auu cue jl- s WlUiri.0" - 1gorls the week following, June 12 in the case of the Cumberland19. Special awards are made to Grocery Co. vs. T-pson & Humboys and girls who learn to swim ble. tri, - the Bourbon Quarterlyduring these campaigns, Blinks for I Court in which the plaintiffs claim-1 At a reCent meeting of those in-BOUEBON COUNTY CLUBThe Bourbon Country Club, nowin process of organization, has leased forty-five acres of land in EastParis, adjacent to the Paris MillingCo., and have started the preliminary work toward improving it witha nine-hole golf course and a modern club house.Wm. Lockwood, of French LickSprings, Indiana, an expert on laying out golf courses, has been overthe grounds several days makingpreliminary sketches for constructing the course, Work on the clubhouse and, grounds will be startedin a few weeks, and from $12,000 to$15,000 will be-expended during thesummer to equip the grounds fornioin'ny Tt is ATnected that thework will be completed in the earlyfall. The Club has an option forpurchase of the land, which it isconsidered likely will be done afterthe organization gets in a goingway.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSilkSpecialDress-c ' 1. I CSales.-. - r,enrolling for these campaigns will ed $112 alleged to be due on a debt,be available at the Y. M'. C. A. office I the court rendered a judgment fornext week. !$24. In the second case of theSecretary Harrison has received ! Cumberland Grocery Co.vs.Thompsonapplication 'blanks and information ! & Rich,-.for $199.98. the Court gavecirculars regarding the Citizens' Mil-; the plaintiff judgment for ?iuJitary Training Camps to be held atCamp Knox, July 20 to August 31.Young men between the ages of 17and 35 who are interested can secure application cards by calling atthe Y. M. C. A. building. Secretary Harrison is in receipt of preliminary announcement regardingthe Christian Workers' Conferenceat Camp Daniel Boone, August 1623. The State Christian EndeavorCamp under direction of D. Y. L.Farley, of Paris, the Adult BibleClass Conference of Dr. John R.Sampey, of Louisville, and theChurch Efficiency Conference constitute the groups making up the mainconference. A fine program combining inspiration, recreation andfellowship is guaranteed. Roundtrip excursion rates of one and onehalf fare have been granted by therailroads of Kentucky. Registration,certificates can bev secured at theBourbon County Y. M. C. A. build-1ing. JoTk pol of Iceland are unusually loliYd livim toa artraffef i yaara. ..:.Both the defendant concerns wereson, Sr., president of each is at present residing in Paris.In the County Court, Saturday afternoon John Hawkins, a youngwhite man, was given a hearing ona charge of selling liquor in violation of the prohibition laws. Hawkins was charged with having sold ahalf-pint of "moonshine" whisky toClarence Thomas. It was allegedthe transaction took place at a stable in "Sanday Bottom." Hawkinsentered a denial to tbe "charge, butThomason's story was corroboratedby another young man, who testified that he had purchased a half-Tint of liquor from Hawkins. Hawkins was fined $100, and given a jausentence of -forty-five days.A suitcase and contents belonging to Cooper Murray, an L. & N.employe, which was stolen from afreight train passing through Paris,was located in Ruckerville, by Patrolman George W. Judy, and - restored, to Mr, Murray. The party"who etole the auitcae lia not-eeetury-' r L ' .?terested in the movement uucnueiWoodford was elected president ofthe Club; Catesby Spears vice president, and Clarence K. Thomas, secretary-treasurer. A board of directors was elected as follows: SamClav. Avelette Buckner-, Thos. G.located at Somerset, but I. D. Thomp-Holt Frank p. Kiser. John F. Davisand James M. Caldwell.o-P H S. PLAY AT WINCHESTERFBIDAYThe P. Ii. S. Senior play, "AndBilly Disappeared," which addedgreat fame to the class of '22 bysuccessfully presenting a dffierentcast each night of two performances,will be presented at the WinchesterHigh School, Friday evening, June2, at 8:15. .The judges with difilculty selected a single cast of .thebest portrayed characters.Those gaining their reward bypresenting the play in Winchesterare Ed Draine Paton, Milton Adair,Keller Larkin. Reid Bishop, Hdjiston Jacoby, Margaret Hill, VirginiaCahal, Elizabeth Rule, Mamie LeeBaldwin, Anna May Young andMarie Colliver.VThe-dietance an arrow, cam, be-aeatb a good- archer-Wfro2t0-io 2S9yard. ""- -" " " .Washable Summer Silk Dressesin Crepe Chenes and Silk - :Broadcloths "ALSQ,aCrepe de- Qhenes and CantonCrepes, in Black, Navy Blu&and BrownAT' :.($11.75EACHfVThese' Dresses are all new and areextra good valuesFRANKS 0CXLADIES' OUTFITTERSm-IA,mkrsvj s$-.,"""5''" J -- ''-VKi-&J 4THE POURBON NEWS, PARIS, -KENTUgiJrTVWSDAXtUT , If JlSfr'.F PAGE TWOvTHE BOURBON NEWShit 18f I 41 Tears of Contiiiou publicationsliihed EYery Tuesday and PridayzHc Tear $2.006 Honths $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner..tered at the Paris, Kentucky,PmUAa as Mail Matter of theleejoad Class.)-OTJE roaEIGN 3EEPBESENTA--TIVES.JTew YorkAmerican Press Asso-Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philaielphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta JCassengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLonisrille Lownian-lCullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlac, for first time; -50 centsper inchech subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidate, obituaries aniTresolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedio decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political offices-iiust invariably be accompanied bys'ihe cash.A.ny erroneous reflection upon the'Character, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsvof THE BOURBON NEWS will befflfcSly corrected if brought to the-attention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGS""Bachelors, 'cause so hard to pleaseAre loneliest of menIf .t first sight- They fall in loveThey look, look again.Man born of woman is of few days- and full of trouble. In the morning.he knows he will win. the fifth race,and in the evening he is in luck ifhe" knows where he can borrownnoney to bet on the fifth race tomorrow.The Near East "Relief says thoseit wishes to help do not need laces,-silks, chiffons, veils, silk underwear,satin slippers, high-heel shoes orsilk stockings. In some respects thewomen of the Near East are verysingularj-Odd thing about it is that the", fashion arbiters didn't hit upon flyscreening, otherwise known as wirecloth, instead of surf satin, as thenew material for making flapper"bathing suits.A New York man dared his wifeyto shoot him, and she did. 'Afterbeing booked at the police station- vthe lady lighted a cigarette. It isexpected that she will have a newdress, cut short, and some new silkhose for use on the jury."The old time tavern did provideFor man and beast,5 Set out for both with honest pride" A worthy feast.. But progress sets a nifty paceL.And travels far,To-day you gotta have a place-23?o park, the car.jA mean old Paris bachelor saysthat evenings with the radio entertainments would be much more sat-. isfactory wlien the pesky things have2)een equipped with an attachment toenable daughter or the old lady tojfwash up the supper dishes at the-jftme time.In Berlin a prominent physician-U fer regular fees is permitting people'to tell him their troubles, his theoryfeeing that those who are worriedJlnd relief in talking about it. Gee!r- jthat'g nothing! Eevery newspaperoffice in the land has something of- that kind, except they hear thetroubles without getting a fee for it!After trying out a batch of pneumatic doughnuts at a certain Paris.restaurant, Charles "Tessie" Thom--as,electrician of the Paris fire department, says he's going to start adoughnut factory. Dick Moore and-Tommy Elder are preparing plansand specifications for the building,while Tessie is 'doping out the machinery.'" The doughnuts will be' JmIU on the principle of an auto.tire blown up by an air pump.DROUTH IN EL0RIDA"It is stated that two months'Hrouth in Florida, exomg overthe eatire State, jj caused the or--vage to drop "ld leaves to parchaaii the-ces are practically bare.nAJ to, the State is estimated at.,rttjr million dollars.reaok maturity twice as Imitr eleotrlCvlight as in;junss r js?jCriticism has been heard in theLower' House of Congress because ofthe delays in handling public businss in the Senate. The tariff billis the particular source of worry tothe House, and that body wants theSenate to deliver the law p. d. a..Naturally there is a lot of sentimentfavoring the speeding up of thisparticular legislation. UndoubtedlyPresident Harding is as much interested and disturbed about the delayin passing a tariff law as anyone inthe country. Senators who have thebill in charge are chafing under thedelays of debate. The only difference between this bill and its predecessors is that the delays are stretched out longer. That is due to thefact that the war made new conditions that upset all tariff-makingprecedents. But it is only fair to theSenate to recognize the fact thatevery tariff bill that has ever beensent to it was little more than ahodge-podge affair threshed out ina committee of the House whosemain business was to reconcile allthe traders and beneficiaries interested in the different schedules.The debate in the House is merecamouflage and lasts but a fewhours. As a- rule the Senate practically-creates the bill, do.es all thedeliberating, brings out all the criticismin its debates, and in short,furnishes all the "gray matter" thatfinally determines whether there isor is not common sense in'the legislation. While the Senate is goingthrough these processes of constructive hard-labor it comes withmighty poor grace for the shirkingHouse to nag the Upper body.THE PRICE OF BURXEY(Louisville Times)The indications are that the darktobacco district is fully alive to theadvantages to be gained by forminga co-operative marketing association.The unhesitating approval of theproject by the bankers of Southwestern Kentucky, carrying with it thedefinite assurance of financial backing removes any doubt as to thefeasibility of the plan. Ability toborrow while the tobacco is beingheld is second only to the determination of the grower to cease sellingon a haphazard basis.The report of W. C. Hanna, Commissioner of Agriculture, on . salesby the burley pool and the independents respectively comes alongwith the announcement of eagersigning of a majority of the acreage in Christian county. If encouragement be needed in the darkdistrict the announcement ""that thepooled tobacco brought ?8 a hundred pounds more than that of theindependents, should prove it. Theproof of the pool is the profit.The showing made by the'BurleyTobacco Growers' Co-operative Marketing Association in its openingcampaign for a fair division of theproceeds of the tobacco industry isconclusive evidence of the superiority of united action by the growers.Even the comparatively high pricesrealized by the independents in "thebiirley area reflects credit on theassociation. If no pool had beenformed, or if the pool had been weakand ineffective, the buyers wouldnever have seen the need of paying29 a hundred, which the pool received, or $21, which the nonpoolweed brought in.The point here is that the independents are not 'independent afterall. They, are indebted to 'the formation of the pool for every dollarthey received over what would have"been paid under the old competitiveselling plan. The price, without thepool, might have been $8. It hasbeen that, and lower.It is noteworthy that the bankinggroups which joined in the resolution of approval, of co-operative marketing in the dark district indorsedalso the State's ambition to- havebetter roads and better schools. Thisis indication clear enough that thethought of the State is moldingalong progressive and constructivelines. The outlook is brighteningbecause the State is "" finding outwhat it wapts and is lining up itsforces for direct accomplishment.ANTI-TRADE STAMP LAWEFFECT JUNE 15.INNo more trading stamps of anykind may be issued after June 15,when the anti trading stamp actpassed by the 1922 legislature goesinto effect, and merchants who givecoupons are making preparations towind up this end of their business.It is announced, however, that coupons issued prior to June 15, whenthe law sroes into effect, are redeemable for ninety days thereafter.Tiie law provides a fine of $50 to$100 or imprisonment from five toI fifty days, or both, for violators ofthe law.When a Nail Leosens Plaster.When a nail driven in the wall getsloose and the plaster begins to fall offsaturate a bit of cotton with thickglue, wrap as much as possible aroundthe nalLand push this back into placepreeslBg -fcard as possible. This willi irmly t the nailloisf- nHs toe semSEein place. . . tldveranient IrW-lweincpai,,;- e$WoiCdtoctaw ?) .. -" -X ' 'SSMSESEBRSMR4LfiAN mnOKBrA Paris Resident Speaks PubliclyTor the Benefit of Paris People ,If youvhad suffered tortures fromkidney trouble, , xHad experimented, vwith differentremdies without relief iIf you were finally cured througha friend's suggestionWouldn't you -be grateful?The following statement has beengiven under just such circumstances. Mr. Link has used Doan's KidneyPills. '"He publicly tells of the benefit hehas received.His is a simple act of kindness toother Paris sufferers.No need to experiment with suchconvincing evidence at hand.Mr. Link speaks from experience.You can rely on what he tells you.Robert Link, proprietor grocerystore, 1631 S. Main street, says: "Ihave found Doan's Kidney Pills thebest kidney medicine I ever used andcan't recommend them too highly.My back gave me no end of troubleand there was a steady, dull achejust over my kidneys. My kidneysacted too frequently. I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills -and in a shorttime I was completely rid of thetrouble."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy -getDoan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Link had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oBURNING UP OUR SUBSTANCEThe motorist can buy two gallonsof gasoline in Washington for fiftycents, or two gallons will cost himseventy-five cents in Bieber, California. No matter where he buys gas,he will find it is expensive. But solong as the fluid flows from the hoseof the tank beside the road the motorist is not likely to worry. Returning home after a hard day's run,signs that announce "no gas," areliable 'to prove disconcerting to thedriver who wonders whether he isgoing to have enough to "get inwith." -The Director of the Federal Bureau of Mines says that there is nosituation with reference to raw "materials that is so critical as that ofpetroleum. America is consumingmore crude oil than we produce, andis depending upon imports to makeup the deficit Forty per cent, ofour natural petroleum reserves havebeen taken out of the ground used.The United States produces yearly65 to 70 per cent, of the world's production. The increase of our consumption of crude oil In 1918over the consumption of 1911 was190,000,000 barrels. The big oil regionsof he world, outside our owncountry, have been grabbed up byother nations, and while these foreign countries are looking to us tomake up their shortage out of oursupplies there is no guarantee thatthey will be as liberal with us whenour own John D.'s cans runs dry.We are burning up our petroleumwith no more thought of the futurethan we had with reference to thegreat " timber resources most ofwhich have been ruthlessly wasted.COAL STRIKES TAKES ITSCOURSEDespites the fact that Congresshas had a committee investigatingthe coal strike, and that in additionthe Department of Justice is butwith prosecutions in relation to theindustial upheaval, there 4s an apparent disposition in the NationalCapital to let the coal strike take itscourse. As there is neither coalshortage nor cold weather to aggravate the situation, the public interest in the strike is not actual outsideof the regions in which the minesare located. Some stimulus has beengiven to the suggestion that laborand arbitration boards be set up bythe Government, but in Congresswhere measures along these linesare pending, there appears to be aninertia that promises very "watchfulwaiting" appears to be- the Government policy with reference to. thecoal strike.BAB TAX-EXEMPT SECURITIES.The Ways and Means Committeeof the House of Representatives hasreported favorably a proposed constitutional amendment to prohibitthe further issuance of tax-exemptsecurities. Etimates place theamount of these issues last year atone -billion dollars, while perhapstwenty billion dollars worth of thesecurities are nows in existence.Holders of large incomes are puttingtheir money into these securitiesthereby withdrawing their fundsfrom usefulness in industrial lines.The industrials, as-a rule, are nofasacceptable as the tax-exempt securities, to those who have great fortunes to invest. Another reasonfor the proposed constitutionalamendment is found te the constantaecrease pi reyenuesao tne jreaerai lrel.-rThe. insincerity,monr ' tnaijor r jj. UHawivuwwir, .---. ? -7'u'SFmSOfrV,Under the general registrationact. passed - over the Governor'sveto by the 1922 .GeneraL Assembly,every voter in the city and in thecountry must register in order to beeligible to vote at the Novemberelection.The dates of registration thisyear are 'July. 10 and 11 and Sept.8, the hours beingt six a. m. to ninep. m.The officers will be two judges, aclerk and a sheriff. These are to be1appointed by the County Board ofElection Commissioners not laterthan June 20, from lists to' be furnished .by the party committees notlater than June 15. The law says:'fc'No person shall be eligible as anofficer,, of registration who has com"mitte'd a homicide, or who has beenconvicted of a felony or is under indictment therefor, or who is notsober, temperate, discrete and ofgood demeanor, or who has anythingof value wagered on the result ofthe next election, or who is a candidate to be voted for at the nextsucceeding election, and who is notcapable of reading the Constitutionof the Commonwealth in Englishand of writing a plain and legiblehand." See section 2 of the act.It is the duty of the registrationclerk to post notices in at least sixconspicuous places in the precinctten days in advance, giving the timeand place of registration. As soon asregistration officers receive from thesheriff of the county notice of theirappointment, they should secure acopy of the registration law andmake themselves thoroughly familiar with it.WHO MAY REGISTER "Saidofficers shall register every citizen ofthe United States of his or her precinct, who shall apply to be registered at the time and place in themanner required by law, who shallbe twenty one years of age at thenext election, who has been a resident of the State one year, of thecounty six months and of the precinct in .which such person offers toregister sixty days next preceding"the election."- 'It is not necessary that the votershould be a resident of the precinctsixty days before he offers to register. If, by the November election,he will have been a citizen of theState one year, of the county sixmonths and of the precinct sixtydays, he may register, even thoughhe may have moved into the precinctthe day before, or even on the dayor registration.HOW TO REGISTER The votermust apply in person. His or hername will be recorded in a book bythe clerk. The voter must thengive his address, street and numberif in a city and postoffice if in thecountry, length of reidence in State,county and precinct, color, age, sex,occupation, party affiliation. Whenall of this is recorded, the voter mustsign his name, if he can. If he isunable to sign, he may make oathto that fact and the clerk will signfor him. When all this is done andattested by the clerk and sheriffthe voter is duly registered.Within three days after registration the books must be taken to thecounty clerk's office, where a copyof each precinct book is made by thecounty court clerk.HOME GAS TESTSHere are some simple home testswhich will show whether or nothouseholders are 'getting the bestresults from their gas "appliances:Do burners light easily?Do they turn oft quickly?Are flame tips on range and waterheater burners about one-half tothree-fourths of an inch long?Are they sharp and distinct withblue cone and purple edge?Can they be turned down andstill burn evenly?Do cooking utensils keep cleanwhere heat from burner tips striksthem?Are you using. mantel lights notold-style open-flame tips?Are your mantels clean andbright?Do the lights burn evenly andquickly?Can you use all appliances andlights at the same time without anynoticeable change or reduction inheat or light?If your answer is not "yes" to allthese questions, let your gas company know. Experts will gladly callat your address and -adjust burners;C3 vMovements of th Tides.The spring tides, or tides 'havingthe greatest range, occur near thetimes of new moon and full moon.The neap tides,, or tides having thelowest range, occur near the times offirst and last quarters of the, moon,.The highest of the spring tides isfrom one to two days after new orfull jnoon. At this time, also, the lowwaters will be lower than usual.' 'O - tA man with a. dozen wives says.found only one who was pa, .the"5Practically froma single district Golombia produces an" average of 30,(XXtroy ounces of platinum "annually.FOR SALERed J3uroc Boars, ready for service. Nice type and high-bred.Pedigrees furnished i desired.DR. WM, KEN.NEY,(26-2t) - Paris, Ky.NewandUsedFurnitureTrade in your old furniture onnew furniture., We handle both oldand new f urnjiture. t , rHUDSON "F"JRNrrURB;CQ.,Main and Second Streets..Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(augl5-tf), tEGGS WANTEDJ.UEgg3 Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O..CROMBIE.FOR RENTThe restaurant at the corner ofPleasant and" Tenth streets, is forrent. For terms, etc., seeTHOMAS A'HEARN.(mayl6-tf)NOTICELawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Scissors and knives ground.We weld and repair all metals incommon use and do general machinerepair work.SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.(apr 21-tf,Administratrix Notice !All persons having claims aginstthe estate of James Alfred Kenney,deceased, are requested to presentsame properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administratrix, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofkhe said James Alfred Kenney, deceased, are hereby notified to. call onthe undersigned Administratrix, andmake prompt and full settlement ofsuch indebtedness.MAGGIE WALLER,Admx. James Alfred Kenney, Dec'd.(23-3wks)BRIGHTEREVENINGSJust Historyla ifThe Colonial DameSpun bar clothBy Candle flame.In 1860Jsl Crinoline bright,She greeted her cueitiByCoal Oil light.And latex on,How time doea mu 'Her home was. litBy flickeringr (Hi.Bit .the fjirl of to-day. Who wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)"PUBLIC SALE- of1-STORY FRAME RESIDENCEWednesday, May 31, at 2 P.- M.Having been transferred to Covington, Ky., "will sell a Public Auction my residence located on Winchester Street, on the above named -date?-The house consists of 4 large rooms, a, reception .hall, bath complete, gas and light in every room, pantry and a front and back porch, ,a good cellar and a splendid cistern at the back door. The house has"been recently papered and painted and is in excellent condition in everyrespect.The lot has a frontage of 50 feet, and extends back 200 feet.Possession will be given in 30 days from date, of sale.For information, apply to j r s v v , 'XA11HLr-f'" 5- - .! "INTERURB AN TIMETABLEParli to . LexingtonLexington To Paria00 a. m.00 a. m.00 a. m.00 a. m.00 a.m.00 a. m.00 m.00 p. m..00 p. m.00 p. m.00'p. m.00 p.,m.00 p.m.00 p.'m.10 p. m.00 p. m.Caah Fare, 0c; Ticket Fare, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book.f$12.0'0. Ticket;'; aingle, trip, or inUtuuiiibio, ui umuuiteu, sola oetween all pointi 'at reduced rates.DNTUCKY" TBACTI0N 6V TEBHDTAL CO. -(dec6-tf)IPARIS, KY, x1 Began Business Jan. 3, 19163CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. Lu Weathers, Vice PresidentW. Vti. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Terkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1S21Everything in thePaint and Varnishline nothing butthe best.GET OURPRICESVarden & SonDruggistsBROS.BABBEB SHOP -4r-WHITE BABBEBS-4TModern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COU) BATHSSPXADS eVIAlKS,7t.7:05 a. m. 6:S:05 a. m. 7:9:05 a. m. 8:10:05 a. m. 9:11:05 a. m. 1012:05 p m. 111:05 p. m. - 122:05 p. m. 1" 3:05 a. m. 24:05 p. m. 315:05 p. m. 46:05 p. m. 57:05 p. in. 68:lS pT m. 7lOOt p. m 911:55' p. m. 11FARMERSTRADERRANK32v1)&fcr-Wfe.-.U$-3l: & &s$-.xj-' c"-- ' x - .- .,-- - -v .,... . - . - -- . -"v - ,- w trr - r -s . -.-' " 3p 7jVV'VRRBRSMPVPRRBflHRRHMj- - i .' : .-,'-- -t: '-.'-" ' -.vi -5 t'-? J . - -a -"" '2TV- : -" - - "' --- - - ." - ?i -C ' '' V , - .--- & .51-!ts:fJi;tkajTUESDAY, 3CAY 30, 1922BLUEGIASS COUimES I01IGHTTAX LAW- Announcement has been madethat Fayette, Madison, Clark, Scott.Bourbon, Boyle and Shelby countiesTvill take the necessary legal steps atonce to test the constitutionality- ofthe present law creating the StateTax Commission and the authorityof the commission to order increasesin the assessments reported by localboards.Just what form of procedure thecontemplated action will take hasnot been definitely decided, but attorneys retained are studying thevarious legal phases of the problem,and will in the next few days beprepared to announce what line ofaction would be followed.Two courses are open. One is togo into court immediately ana en-join the State Commission frommaking the reassessment the otheris to permit the reassessment to bemade, and then attack it in court onthe ground that the commission hasno legal authority under the law togo. in to any county and make a revaluation of property which has already been assessed and finally passed on by the local board.USEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a lime. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,TAUL & SONSTAPLE AND FANCYGROCERIESTurner & Clayton'sOld StandThe Best Stock of Groceriesthat Can Be Purchased-j, .-.Green Vegetables, Berries,and the VERY BEST, ofeverything in the groceryline,Voiif -patronage is solicited.Our friends are invited tocall on us.TAUL & SONEXCURSIONCincinnati, 0.,And Return Via$2.00 L. & N. $2.00Furtner Reduction For Children,Sunday, June 4, 1922Special train will leave Paris 8:20a. m., returning will leave FourthStreet Station, Cincinnati, 6:30 j.m., Central Standard Time, (7:30 p.m., City Time.) For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.(may26-3t)Be Carefulwhen youInvest Your MoneyWhen you are figuring on makin g an investment weinvite you to come and consult one of our officers BEFOREyou part with your good money.We will gladly-give you the benefit of our long-experiencein analyzing the safety and value of investments.Don't place faith in a stranger if his proposition was asgood as he says it is Banks would buy it.Feel free to come in and consult us whether you haveany money in our bank or not.We will welcome yourPftoptes Deposit Bank & Trust-'''- ' .".-i.t:."-"---':- .. .the ,afinbwailieBi..atifc . KEimrcix v -' V : "f -" -' '- " .piM'naip -''WHAT'S' TEH MATTElt'THE CHUECHESr"What is the matter with thechurch?" ask many devout churchgoers, ministers, church authoritiesand serious-minded laymen.There are a thousand answers.One of them is brought forcibly tomind when the proceedings of agathering of a, certain church areread and it is found that emphasis isbeing placed upon the necessity forministers strictly to, "maintain themoral law" by refusing to marryone who has been divorced for anyother reason than infiidelity.That- brethren of the church, isone of the things the matter withit; the refusal to recognize that thehumand mind demands equity in itsreligion as well as its civic law.Marriage, a sacrament in thechurch, is made with mutual promises to love, to horior, to cherish, tobe faithful. ''But says "the church",if you break one of these you maybe free of. marriage bonds, but if youkeep that one and break all the rest,bound you must be!" A "man maybeat his wife, get drunk on homemade hooch and stay out all night.go to prison for felony, be cruel tohis children, bring disgrace upon his"family. "Never mind all that," saysthe church, "stay married." But aman may be all that is good andkind and upright and honorable andtemperate in every other way; if heis once unfaithful, then, says thechurch, divorce by all means!The innate sense of justice withwhich we are all born protectsagainst the idea that a helplessr woman must stay bound to a trutewho maltreats her and his childrenmerely because his lapses do not runtoward the "other woman." The lawrecognizes extreme cruelty, desertion, and felonies as just causes fordivorce in most States; when thechurch as a whole does also therewill be less reason for it to ask,"What is the matter that men venerate me less each year?"-o -EHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so tnat you can peyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Batha at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature'. -MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.o : ,BUBLEY ASSOCIATION CALLEDGEEATEST OF ITS HIND"I have made a hunt among hundreds of persons and have been unable to find a dissatisfied membersof the Burley Tobacco Growers' Association, said after a trip throughthe Blij&gfass and Western Ken-'".rtVtT eonflnne "T Tiavo tnervifWfflscores of association men," Mr. Morgan . continued, "and I have neverseen anything to compare with thespirit of contentment over the marketing plan. As a result of its accomplishments it is the greatest agricultural association in the UnitedStates."oADDING MACHINE E0LLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the. best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.oShaerreen is the tanned hide offishes.?account.'V1TH ' PIiSCIlN K I C " SiAlOE DODGE TO ;PABTICIPATE fa ' ' " ' ' " """' -'."" .""" '- ''-' Tu3" JT'ferEAOUPIALD IN RTFEE SHOOT . I' . ; - pJ. D. Smith and family have returned from a visit to Dr. W. R.Smith, in Paris.Mrs. Paul Hanley will leavethis week for Kansas City, Mo., tovisit her brother, Reynolds Peterson. Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Bridges havereturned to Georgetown after a visitto their daughter, Mrs. John W.Jones, near Paris.Simms Wilson has returnedfrom Pensacola, Okla., where ha hasbeen for several months looking "after his farming interests." Mr. and Mrs. Herbert" Rattenberg have returned to their home inLouisville after a visit to Mr. andMrs. A. J. Fee, on Fifth street.Mrs. L. D. Mann, of Florida,who has been the guest of Mr. andMrs. A. J. Earp, in Winchester, isnow a guest of-Paris relatives.Miss Dorothy Cooper, j)t Lexington, spent the week-end in Parisas a guest of her aunt. Mrs. EdwardT. Hinton, and Mr. Hinton, in thiscity.The Bryant Station Chapter ofthe D. A. R., Lexington, has postponed its meeting schedule for June.8, to meet on that date with Mrs.Joseph Skain.The Young Men's Bible Classof the Paris Christian church, entertained Friday evening with aget together banquet in the parlorsof the church.Miss Jonie Cain, who has beenconnected with the Aldrich MilitaryStore in Flemingsburg for severalyears, nas returned to ner nomenear Cane Ridge.Mrs. Louis Wollstein is visiting tne tamiiy or ner uncle. Mr.Loeb in Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. andMrs. Loeb celebrated their goldenwedding anniversary Friday.Mrs. Rebecca Nippert who hasbeen seriously ill at her home onFifth street, for several days, hasbeen removed to .the Massie Memorial Hospital for treatment.Attorney Virgil M. Chapman, ofParis, is making a ten-days' tripthrough North Carolina, Richmondand Charlottesville, Va.. in the interest of the Co-operative Burley Tobacco Marketing Association.Commercial Club Secretary Harold F. Harris, President M. PealeCollier and Roy F. Clendenin represented Paris at the recent meetingof the Kiwanis Club,' held in Winchester. -Mrs. Toliver Young, of NorthMiddletown, attended the luncheonbridga given by Mrs. Richard Gar--rett, at the home of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. William Felix Clark, inLexington. The home was beautifully, decorated for the occasionwith flowers sent-by friends fromtheir gardens.Cards of invitation, accompaniedby the personal card of Miss Fior-.ence Adair, of Paris, to the graduating exercises of the Senior Classat Sayre College, in Lexington, today", have been received here byfriends and relatives. Miss Hedgesis daughter of Mr. and Mrs. " OllieHedges, of Paris.Mrs. Kelly lMtf entertainedrecently at the hdffrtl ber parents,Mr. and Mrs. S. L Weathers, nearClintonville with a family dining.Those present were Mr. and Mrs. W.W. Haley, Mrs. W. H. Shropshire,Mrs Annabelle Wallace, Mr. and.Mrs. I. C. Haley, Mr. and Mrs. I'C. Haley, Mr. and Mrs. Kelly Haleyand Mrs. Jeannie Lary (Lexington.)While attending the recentmeeting of the Southern Presbyterian Assembly, in Charleston, WestVa Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, was aguest of Mrs.Jbhn C. Morrison, formerly Miss Bertie Butler, of Paris.Mrs. Smylie and son, Ted, are-visiting her parents, Rev. and Mrs. J. E.Hutchison, near Ravenswood, WestVirginia.(Other Personals nn Page 5)oMOTORCADE TO KENTUCKYUnder the above heading theEast Coast" News, published at Daytona Beach, Fla., by Mr. and Mrs.James Wilcqx, iormer Paris people,says:"A congenial number of tourists,including Mrs. S. J. Burgin, Mrs.Mamie "Wickliffe, Miss Carrie Boudin, of Lexington, Ky., Mr, E. L.House, of Chicago, and Mr. and Mrs.Clemmins, left Thursday for Parisand Lexington, Ky., -where the partywill break up for the summer. Mrs.Burgin will visit Mr. Wm. Baileyand sister at Watertown, N. Y., at ahouse party following a month atShakertown Inn. Mrs.. Wickliffewill visit in Kentucky and Washington,-D. C, prior to her joining Mrs.Burgin on her European trip."Miss Boudin will visit relativesin Danville, after which she will beat home to her friends at her Lexington, Ky., home."The rest of the party will explore the Great Lakes near Chicago." oPRINTER BABE NAMED FOE AUGUSTA CHRONICLEMrs. B. C Printer, of Augusta,has named her fourteenth daDy, agirl, Bracken Chronicle Printer, nonoring the lo"cal newspaper, whichsays in acknowledging the compli-men that Bheliy,thVJarert) "heaviet, livest-and most -Musical issue .01Major Victor K. Dodge, of Lexington, brother of James L. Dodge,of Paris, has received an invitationfrom General George Phillips, secretary of the National, Rifle Association, to participate in the annualrifle .tournament to be conductedunder the auspices of the associationat Quantico, Va., August 9 to 12.The invitation has been extendedto about, 1.00 riflemen over thecountry. From these a team, will beselected to represent the UnitedStates at the international rifle tour-nament at Milan, Italy, in September.Major Dodge has accepted the invitation to be one of the representatives from Kentucky.Burns and English Poetry,A collection of English songs wasmy vade-mecum. I pored over themdriving my cart or walking to labor,long by song, verse by verse; careCully noting tire true, Jender or sublime from affectation or furtian.Burns. . .O :Better Bo Prepared.Frequently the first thing opportunity inquires nbout after knocking ifthe condition of one's bank accountBoston Transcript.Invest Your Savings WithTHE PEOPLESBUILDING & LOANLy---.,v?Our Stock is Non-Taxableand Earns a- High Rate "i-i - . -;: rt:AA -'Series" is always operi-you can join anytime, but NOW is always the best time tosave.TrTt T- - '.zsfz:The limit toshares. Thecan buy is on& " - - xGs W. WILDER?J PRESIDENTOffktfOfflc. H.urs'- . - --.. . .- ." ;. . . .' ; - - ' ' -ForYour PorchPotted FernsLovely Swinging Fern BasketsJOHN CHRISMAN CO.ELORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Both PboiesFive-Minute Toll Messages.The Initial period on station-to-station mesiagesJPIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or less.USE HOME LONG DISTANCEParis Home TelephoneLIncorporatedASSOCIATIONINCORPORATEDAuthorized Capital$750,000of Interesttaii-wfc, f .-.-any one individual is 112smallest number of shares youft W. GALLOWAYSECRETARYPtoplts Dtpit lank Trust Company9 a. m. t. Sip. m.;.Siilimlax Nights to 93r ;IIr.& Telegraph CoA--S..J5A,K.JCr t r&?: .V--CTfnlf3'K4i;-i49fe.v-.miMl" XMc- 1H. ..-;--' 13?5-J'l! ))piJAMR!r7MlIVJ:-Sii-iiI,mi:ijJ'-m-i-I!!'-Umr :r'- mht?..'t;a!i:? ?4kC&6'niclJtiriri tkrown. from 'the-rnmnamfHflBPHr- s in,5&?MFACE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 30, im "FPAY TOUE HCENSE( THE CITY LICENSES ABE NOWDUE. CALL AT OJTCE AT TfiEKOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK ANDMUST COMPANY, AND SAVE THEPENALTIES.C. K. THOMAS,(2-tf ) City Collector.NOTICETO CONTRACTORSSealed bids will bethe undersigned untilreceived byJune 7. .at U O'clock, A M.for the following -road metal upon'the following named. roa.d!6,000 tons of crushed rock. -500 tons of rough or uncrushed"rock for base course.- ?50 tons, of 3-i inch size rock."which rock are to be placed wheredirected rby the Road Commission ofBourbon county, on the western endof the Brentsville turnpike.The successful bidder is to beginwork within ten days after the contract is signed and is to, execute"i)ond to the Road Commission forth faithful performance of the con- jtract.Each bldde -- VeuiFeu to6Ulnp witll is- to Certified checkxsfor $100.00 as a forfeit in jthe eventhis bid is accepted and he refuses tomake the contract.A specification of the above workmay be seen at the office of theRoad Commissioner.The right is reserved to reject anyand all bids.BOURBON COUNTY ROAD COM-. MISSION.(may 30 June 6)NOTICETO CONTRACTORSSealed bids will bethe undersigned untilreceived byJune 7. at 11 O'clock, A. M.for the following Toad metalthe following named road's:upon2,100 tons of crushed rock.500-tons of rough or uncrushedrock for base course.250 tons of 3-4 inch size rock.cVmcTi"TGcK: are to be placed wheret directed by the Road Commission ofBourbon County on that 1 milesof the Townsend Valley turnpikefrom Jacksonville to the ford ofTownsend Creek" near the residenceft Hume Payne.The- successful bidder is to beginwork within ten days after the contract is signed "and is to executebond to the Road Commission forfaithful performance of the contract.Each bidder will be required tosubmit with his bid a certified checkfor -S100, as a forfeit in the eventhis bid is accepted and he refusesto make the contract.A specification of the above workmay be seen at the office of the RoadCommission.The right is reserved to rejectany and all bidg.BOURBON COUNTY ROAD COMMISSION. (may30 june6)JUST A FEW50c Jap Crepe3 Yards $1.0015c and 19cCurtain Goods8 Yards $1.00PantieiDfessesValues to $1.79$1;00 GarmentTurkish TowelsExtra Large75c Grade2 for $1.00And a HundredOtlier Bargainsf80&Ye f ft " vlL-BARIS KY.MATRIMONIALA Beeord of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByCARR GINN . IThe marriage of John Ginn, ofnear Hutchison, and Miss OdeliaCarr, of Fayette county, was solemnized at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. Mark Collis, in Lexington. Mr. Ginn is a nephew ofthe late James Ginn. of Paris, and isengaged in farming near Hutchison.Mr. and Mrs. Ginn have returned tothe farm where they will reside inthe future.BURLBY AMMERMANMr. and Mrs, J. L, Burley, ofParis, announce the engagment oftheir daughter, Miss Emma Iulw Ijouiiey, iu ivir. xveeuem Aminermaii,of Detroit, Mich. The wedding willtake place ht the home of the brideelect in this city, at an early datein June. The young people willspend a week with her parents inParis and relatives in Flemings-burg. On their return trip en routehome to Detroit, they will stop overin Cincinnati and Toledo, Ohio, tovisit friends.xaN8ELL KELLERFriends and relatives in thiscity were apprised Saturday of thesecret marriage of M. Holton Keller, son of Dr. Hervey Keller, ofFrankfort, former resident of Parisand Carlisle, to Miss FlorabelleHansell, which took place on October 26, 1921.Mr. Keller, a grandson of the lateMr. and Mrs. G. R. Keller, of Parisand Carlisle, had been making hishome in Pittsburg since his returnfrom overseas during. the world war,and where he is- connected with theAmerican Tobacco Company. Themarriage took place in Pittsburg, atthe request of the groom, and theyoung folks succeeded in keeping ita secret until the announcement wasmade last week. Mr. and Mrs. Keller are expected to come to Frankfort this week for a visit to thegroom's mother.PUSHIN FRIEDMANMr. and Mrs.. Sam Pushin. ofBowling Green, announce the engagement of their daughter. MissNettie Pushin, to Mr. Eli B. Feirdman, of Paris, the wedding to be anevent of June.The bride-elect is a charming andvery attractive young woman, ofdistinctive intellectual attainments.She -received the degree of Bachelorof literature in the class of 1921, atthe School of Journalism, ColumbiaUniversity, in New York. She is asocial favorite in Bowling Greenand much admired for her manygracious traits of character. Mr.Friedman is the eldest son of Mr.and Mrs. B. Friedman, of Paris, andis a young man of high characterand fine business training. He is agraduate of the Paris High School,and of the University of Kentucky,where he graduated with highhonors in the class of 1919, receiv.ing the degree of Bachelor of Science. Mr. Friedman spepialized inchemistry, and after graduating received an important position aschemist in the laboratories of a largeconcern in Milwaukee, Wis., wherehis superior attainments won instant recognition. Mr. Friedmanreturned to Kentucky -about a yearago, and is at present acting as associate instructor at the Universityof Kentucky. THE NEWS extendsheartiest congratulations in advanceof the happy event.aoPUBLIC SALE OF RESIDENCEOne-story frame house, at publicsale Wednesday, May 31, by Harris,Speakes & Harris. Read the advertisement in this issue. (23-3t)NOTICETO CONTRACTORSSealed bids will be received by thundersigned untilJune 7. at 11 O'clock, A. M.for the following road metal uponthe following named roads:2,100 tons of crushed rock.500 tons of rough or uncrushedrock for base course.250 tons of 3-4 inch size rockwhich rock are to be placed wheredirected by the Road Commission ofBourbon County on that 14 milesof turnpike between Jacksonvilleand the Harrison county line knownas the Jacksonville and Leesburgturnpike.The successful bidder is to beginwork within ten days after the contract is signed and is to executebond to the Board Commission forthe faithful performance of the contract. Each bidder will be required tosubmit with his bid a certified checkfor $100 as a forfeit in the eventhis bid is accepted and he refuses tomake the contract. yA specification of the above workmay be eeen at the office of the RoadCommission.The. right is reserved to rejectany and all bids. - zBOURBON COUNTY'TtdAD "COM-MISSION. ' " -" ' " :f 'DEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PaySMITHMrs. Tommie Allen-Smith, widow of Grey Smith, both former resirtflmto of Paris and Bourbon countv.died recently at her home in KansasCity, after a long illness. Mrs.Smith has been in declining healthfor several years, butjiad been ableto be up and about until a shorttime before her last illness. A fewweeks before her death she had beenin Kentucky visiting relatives.Mrs. Smith had reached the goodold age of eighty years. She was adaughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.John Trundle, pioneer citizens ofBourbon county, and was born inthis 66Unt:A Early in life she married Gray Smith, then a prosperous,arpep of the county Many yearsago Mr. anq. Mrs. Smith moved toKansas City. Mrs, Smith was a woman of beautiful Christian character loved by all who came in cn-tact with he"?!. She' was a lifelong Imember of the Methodist church, Bidwas prominent in all the good, worksof that churghMrs; mjth IS survived by five-t-rtauehtere, and three sons, Mrs.Maude Hamilton, and Mrs. HarrySheppard, both of Washington, D.C; Mrs. J. H. Webb, of MarysvHle, Tenn.; Mrs. Charles Jones,Miss Laura Smith, of Kansas City;Homer Smith, of Covington, andErnest Smith, of Scott county.The funeral and burial took placein Kansas City..FLANAGANFollowing a long illness due tocancer of the tongue and throat.Malachi Flanagan, aged sixty years,one of Paris' best-known citizens,died at his home on High street, atone o'clock Sunday afternoon.Mr. Flanagan was a native ofCounty Roscommon, Ireland., fromwhere .he emigrated to America at atender "age. After trying varioussections of the New World Mr. Flanagan located in Paris, where he soonfound employment. For many yearshe was engaged in business at thecorner of Main and Seventh streets,in the building at present occupiedby the Owsley Restaurant. For several years he had been in the employ of the Louisville & Nashville onthe local division, and was highlyregarded by all his associates. Hetook an active interest in the affairsof the city, and was always interested in its political affairs tendingto good government. He was a manof genial disposition and liberal disposition, and made friends by thehundreds, who sincerely regret hispassing.Mr. Flanagan is survived by "hiswidow. Mrs. Elizabeth Higgins Flanagan, and three11 sons, James, Jackand Fred Flanagan, and three brothers, who live in New York.The funeral will be held at nineo'clock this (Tuesday) morning, atthe Church of the Annunciation,with services conducted by Rev. Father William O'Hare The interment will follow on the family lot inSt. Joseph's Cemetery. Thes pallbearers will be Dr. Francis P. Campbell, T. C. Linehan, George Doyle,James Burke, Ed. Walsh and Jas. P.Dempsey.BELLDeath came with shocking saddenness about 3:30 o'clock Sundayafternoon, to one of the best knowncitizens of Paris, Mr. George Robertson Bell, who was in his seventyninth year of a useful life, at thetime of his death. Mr. Bell hadbeen indisposed for a day or two, athis home on Duncan avenue, but itwas not thought his illness wouldhave such sudden- and fatal result.Mr. Bell had been in declininghealth for some time, but had beenable to be at his place of business inthe Ford & Co. store until Saturday. He was taken suddenly 'illlate Saturday night and was underhis physician's' care. The end camesuddenly about 3:30 o'clock Sundayafternoon.Mr. Bell was a native of Lexington, the son of the late Dr. and Mrs.David Bell, pioneer citizens of Lexington. He came to Paris and engaged in the hat business in whichhe was very successful, later becoming a member of the firm of Ford &Co., being associated for forty-twoyears with the late James K. Fordand George Bowen. The firm was atone time Ford & Bowen, and laterbecame Ford & Co. He was an officerin the Paris Presbyterian church,and was for almost a lifetime one ofthe most earnest and valued workers in the church. He was a manof the highest integrity, of excellent business judgment, and onewhose social qualities gave him awelcome v everywhere. He was not"all things to all men," but to hisfriends and relatives he was as trueas steel, and equally true in all thewalks of life. In his passing Parisloses an excellent citizen and a community a friend.Mr. Bell is survived by his widow,Mrs. Jimmie Duncan Bell, and oneson, James Duncan Bell, who was associated with him in the Ford store." .The funeralvwill be held at "thefamily home on Duncan avenue this(Tuesday) afternoon, at 3:30o'clock, with services conducted byygpastor. Rev. T. S. Smylie. The iinterment will follow on-the family!If if In the Paris Cemetery.'' Theyall bearers .will - - be : Hgorry -'Millan, David C. Parrish and Dr. J.T. Vansant; Active James D.Chambers, William M. Taylor, LewisW. Taylor, Victor O'Neal, Joseph M.Hall, Frank Buchanan, John T.Hedges and John Woodford.o. ' JMPBOVEMENT NOTESHarri. Speakes & Harris havehave completed the work of razingthe Brannon home at the corner ofSeventh and High streets, oppositethe Bublic Library. The lot hasbeen cleared off, and the work ofexcavating for foundations will begin this week. They wilL erect amodern up-to-date two-story brickbuilding on the site. The buildingwill have two storerooms on theground floor, and the second floorwill be constructed as two anartrments.A 'similar building, except h.tthe se'cond floor will fe iguippedwith business offices, is contemplated for Eighth street by Stuart &O'Brien, . , - 3 ,MEMOBIAI services heldAt the meeting of the State Federation of Womans' Clubs, in Hopkinsville, last week, memorial services were held in honor of the thirty-fivemembers of the organizationwho havedied within the pasftwelve monthsOf the number fourwere from Bourboncounty: Mrs. J.Elgin Poole, Mrs. Carlton Ball, Mrs.Everette Thomason, of Millersburg,and Miss Mary Spears, of Paris. Asthe name of each deceased memberwas called out some member of theclub to which the deceased belongedwent forward and took a rose froma large basket, depositing it in another basket occupying the centerof the pulpit of the Christianchurch, where the services werexieiu. soFERTILIZERHAVE ' JUST RECEIVED CARLOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GRADE REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. PRICE LOWEST INSEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYS TOUSE ITBRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)S. B. ONKST HOME AT AUCTIONHome of S. B. Onskt, on Winchester street, at public auction, May31, at 2:00 p. m., by Harris, Speakes& Harris. Read the ad in this issue.C23-3t)Every week in London it is estimated that articles to the value of$1,000,000 are pawned.SilkShirts$5 to $7.50WashTies25cCaps$1.50 to $3" 3Have You a GoodSummer Suit?You should have one to be comfortable thfs hot weather. A Palm Beach, Mohair orTropical Worsted will solve the problem of keeping cool this summer. But be sure you geta good one rightly styled and tailored. We have that kind and we are satisfied vou can't, beat our prices in town.Palm Beaches$12.50-$15.00kkTop Yourself" in a Comfortable StrawWe have just the hat youin any style you may desire.R P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Stor Paris,Home Phone 44S Cumb. Phone 806 -NOTICE 10 SUBSCRIBERSTHE BOURBON NEWS takesevery precaution to get the papersto subscribers on time, but in spiteof every jeffort sometimes papers goastray, and fail to reach the personto whom they are addressed. -Subscribers will confer a favor bynotifying THE NEWS whenever thepaper fails" to"" come on time,, andanother copy will be forwarded byfirst mail, and an effort to locatethe cause of delay "will be made.It Is our business to get THENEWS to all subscribers on time,and we will do it if there is anypossible way. Both phones 124.0Manila 5s the greatest hemp market i the world. . . nGADI VIIClin -OfiLfij a-15-Passenger Bus, fine condition,at Bargain. Part cash or exchange.Balance on easy payments. SeeFRED WECKESSER,(30-lt) Paris, Ky.Five MoreSpecial ReductionsonReady -"THE PRIDE OP PARIS"jJSoRPOKAllPARIS KENTUCKYJllmT :Copyxigbt, 1S22, A. & Kirich&uim. Company"Mohairs$18.00are looking for: Panamas, Straws, Bangkoks and LeghornsThey're marked for quick selling.Fore, Whul ui Iifbikf Lmvaact. THOMAS, WO&DFORD & BRYAItROOM AT THE "Y"Room at the Y. M. C. A. buildingand enjoy the daily luxuries of ourshowers and swimming pool. Roomsfrom $9.00 to $12.50 per month. Apply toC. B. HARRISON,(It) General Secretary-FOR SALE CHEAPHousehold good consisting ofChina Closets, Book Case, SingleIron Bed Stead, good Mattress, Cot,Rugs, Children's Books, good Noves,Ladies' Side Saddle, property of4.nna Wilson. Can be seen at residence of J. A. Wilson, Mt. AiryAvenue. (30-2t)Dollar Daysandallto - WearDEPARTMENT STOREMadrasx Shirts$1.50 to $6SilkHosiery75cBelts'50c to 75civ-Tropical Worsteds$25.00MMillIIl mmTymmj' '.irKH -H-s -r ? srZ4PMsHert7 Clayi-WM.-::a- , .:V.'-?5S-Xkup-Se-,TUESDAY, MAY 30, 192.2w , o-, -VeHiS-- Sg-J-f- -J -3. 2-. ---., wrA.9c k'TOE BOURBON NEWg TAip, ISnmJCKYPERSONALSRELIGIOUS.41- PACK 1TO -I IJM1 B ; ' -'.'u0jfo'rks- - a.i"GIFTS THAJ LAST"weggSWIMMING SUITS -AND CAPSLATEST -PADS IN 'SWIMMINGSUITS AND CAPS.JEANK & CO.v - RECENT AUTO SALES.The Lexington Cadillac Companyreports the sale and delivery of atvpe 61 Cadillac phaeton to JamesG. Metcalfe, of Paris.oTHROWN PBOM HOESEA htrse, which. Miss Mary LetitiaBeets, daughter of . Mr. and Mrs.Barbee Beets, of near Renick, was riding, became frightened and thew his rider.Miss Beets sustained painful injuries. Her foot caught in the stirrupand she was dragged a long distancebefore the animal was brought to aStandstill. nei uico uiuufaui, uxjfrom farm hands on the Goff farmnear by and the young woman wasrescued from her perilous positionand removed to her home, whereher injuries were given medical attention. YOUR ATTENTION, PLEASE!PREPARE FOB THE FUTURE fHow would your family be leftshould you die next week? "Wouldyour children suffer? Are you doingall you can for them? If not consult the Bourbon Building & LoanAssociation and we will assist youwith this problem. New series nowopen. .H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.: 0NICE HOME FOR SALEHarris, Speakes & Harris will sellpublicly Wednesday afternoon, May31, at two o'clock, the S. B. Onksthome on Winchester street. See adin this isspe. (23-3t)CELEBRATE MEMORIAL DAY, SATURDAY, JUNE 3.Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, ofBourbon county, will celebrate thebirthday of Jefferson Davis, president of the Southern Confederacy,on Saturday afternoon, June 3, atthree o'clock at their rooms in theBourbon county court house.This day is one of the South'sniemorial days. An . appropriate' program has been arranged, as follows: Reading. Mrs. Harry B. Clay;"-Character Sketch -of Jefferson Da"vis," Mrs. John J. Connell; Historical Reminiscences. The public iscordially Invited to " attend theseservices.At the conclusion of the programthe members of the Chapter, andguests will go to the Paris Cemetery,where the graves of the Confederatesoldiers will be decorated.ICE CREAMDELIVERED AT ALL HOURS,IN ANY PART OP CITY. PUREAND WHOLESOME. PER GALLON, $1.75; HALF GALLON, $1;aUART 60 CENTS; BRICK, THREECOLORS, 70 CENTS PER QUART.CUMBC PHONE 7; HOME PHONE37.BENEDETTI & CO.(26-tf) NEXT .ALAMO.OWALL PLASTERJust received a carload of wallplaster and hydrated lime. SpeedPortland Cement always in stock.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO. (2-tf). 0TO-DAY NATIONAL HOLIDAY,"DECORATION DAY"To-day is Decoration Day, a National holiday. The banks will remain close through the day. Thelocal office of the American Railway Express Company will remainopen until noon, remaining closedthrough the afternoon.The postoffice will be closed in alldepartments through the day. Thegeneral delivery and stamp windowwill be open for one hour, from10:30 to 11:30 a. m., instead of11:30 to 12:30 a. m. as formerly.This change is due to the newtrain No. 33, from Cincinnati,which arrives at Paris at 10:10 a.m. The usual regulations will obtain regarding mail delivery.Many Paris merchants will closetheir business houses in the afternoon, giving their employes a halfholiday. No public services arescehduled to be held in honor of theday.BETTER NAMES, BETTER CITIZENS, A BETTER COMMUNITYIF YOU NEED A HOME JOIN US.IT YOU HAVE MONEY TO INVEST.INVEST IT WITH US. ITWILLNOTONLY EARN A HIGH RATE OF INTEREST, BUT IT WILL HEllPSOME WORTHY PEES0H PROCURE A HOME.PEOPLES' JUILDIJrG AMD LOAMIf "AWOCIATTON, IMC.G. W. WOKE, Nit.T. W. GALLOWAY, fee.(fMt) - - r -" .'it7, J""-..Comings-and Goings of Some YouKnow and OtherTYouDo.. Mrs. Redmon Talbott has returned from a visit to relatives ini Louisville.I Miss Annie Lyle, who has beenseriously i at her home on Second strjet, is improving. "Mrs. Eddie Schrote Combs anddaughter are visiting relatives inHuntington, West Virginia.Mrs. Fred Woods has gone toPueblo, Colo., to spend part of. thesummer as guest of relatives.Mrs. J. T. "Vansant, of Paris,was a recent guest of Dr. and Mrs.J. A. Vansant, in Mt. Sterling.1 George C. Thompson, (Jr., hasreturned to his home in Allensville,Ala., after p. visit to relatives in thiscity.Mrs. Wm.-Howard Sr., has returned to her home in Carlisle aftera visit to Mrs. Brutus J. Clay, near-Paris.Miss Vernita Baldwin, of Paris,will be ,one of the graduates of Randolph-Macon College, at Lynchburg,Virginia.Mrs. John Woodford has return"ed from Martinsville, Indiana, whereshe has been several weeks for thebenefit of her health.Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Wood andJ. R. McDaniel, of Louisville, arevisiting Mr. and Mrs. George Link,at their home near Hutchison.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Stern returned Saturday from St. Louis, Mo.,where they attended the meeting, ofthe American Medical AssociationMr. and Mrs. J. W. Detherageand daughter, and Mrs. W. B, Detherage, of Richmond, are " guests atthe home of Mrs. J. -j. Haggard,near Paris.Mrs. Lawrence Fitzwater hasreturned. to her home in Cynthianaafter a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. James L. Rye, on Mt. Airyavenue.Mrs. Virgil Chapman, of Paris,was one of the guests Saturday afternoon at the tea given at theirhome in Lexington by Misses Annaand Lucille Young, fn honor of theChi Omega alumnae.Ben Woodford, Sr., Wm. Buckner, Clay Gaitskill, Frank Buchanan,Kelly Haley, Ollie Steele, Dr. SilasEvans, Brooks Clay, Ed. Speakes,Brutus Clay Abe Buchanan and Wm.Criin have returned from an enjoyable hunting, fishing and campingtrip at Verdin, Ky.Miss Lucy Blythe Simms, ofParis, attended the bridge partygiven in Frankfort, Friday afternoon, by Mrs. B. T. Brewer, in honorof her guests, Mrs. Paul Arterburn,of Louisville, and Mrs.. FitzhughFicklen, of Hazard.Commencement exercises atMargaret Hall, in Versailles, beganFriday afternoon, and will continuethroughout, to day. ""The programbegan with the playlett, "The Twigof Thorn." Miss Rebecca Purnell, ofParis, Miss Nell Winn Bush, ofWinchester, niece of Mrs. James McClure, of Paris, and Miss AnneHarris, formerly of Paris, were members of the cast.At the recent meeting of theBourbon" County Garden Club at thehome of Mrs. W. E. Ellis, the judgesawarded ribbons to Mrs. B. M. Renick for basket of snapdragon andbaby's breath, and to Mrs. W. E.Ellis for a basket of silver moonroses. Other exhibits that weregiven honorable mention were basket of yellow columbine and bluedelphenium. Miss Lefia Clark, and abasket of Silver Moon roses, Mrs.J. T. Vansant. At th'e close of themeeting Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton presented each member of the club witha fine dahlia bulb. A deliciouslunch of cakes and cream was served. Rev. and Mrs. Ellis, during themeeting, in their usual graciousmanner, dispensed good' cheer andhospitality among the guests.(Other Personals on Page 3)oSTARTS SATURDAYWhy not open a savings accountwith the old reliable Bourbon Building & Loan Association. Has a record of fifteen years without a dollarlost. New series opens Saturday,June 3. ' ,H. A. POWER, President. - 'WDLL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.PARIS STUDENTS WIN HONORS.Two Paris students have been therecipients of honors in the Department of Journalism at the Universityof Kentucky recently. Miss LouiseConnell has been elected to membership in Theta Sigma Phi, Woman'sNational Honorary Journalistic Fraternity, and Miss Mary Gorey hasbeen appointed chairman of a committee of six to handle extraordinarynews for forty State newspapersduring the coming school year.chMEASLES PREVALENTSeveral cases of measles - havebeen reported to the Health Boardof Taris,, as, well . as several in thecounty. The maladyiB said to be in-aMifft form, wita no iataiiuM. reilJJi. ; altk aiitkritihm the situation well in, hand, aaA Resume of Events In Religion!uncles or Present andFutureDr. Benjamine J. Bush, of Lexington, will preach at the Hopewellchurch, Hutchison, Sunday evenitfg,at 7:30 o'clock. The public is cordially invited to attend this service.GRADING SCHOOL PAPERSFormer Superintendent of CountySchool J. B. Caywood, of Paris, is inFrankfort, helping in the work ofgrading the papers of teachers whostood the elementary teachers' examination on May 19 and 20. Thework is being done under the direction of Warren G. Payton, HighSchool Supervisor, who announcedthat it will take at least three weeksto complete the grading. Anotherexamination for State and elementary certificates will be held on June16 and 17. Fourteen educators arehelping in . the work of grading thepapers.SAVE! SAVE!The first dollar out of the weeklysalary is the easiest dollar to saveor spend. Save it in the BourbonBuilding & Loan Association. Theone who saves succeeds. New seriesopen Saturday, June 3.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.'GRADUATION GIPTSNEWEST NOVELTIES P0RGRADUATION.(26-tf) SHIRE & PITHIAN.0SEED POOL IS PLANNEDA meeting of representative bluegrass seed growers of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery counties washeld in the Clark County NationalBank in Winchester, Saturday afternoon for the purpose of forming anorganization whereby they could secure a reasonable price for theirseed crops.The growers from these threecounties hope to induce other Bluegrass counties to join in the movement to secure better prices for theproduct. The meeting adjourned tomeet again in Winchester, Saturday,June 10.STRAWBERRIESFresh berries received daily rightfrom the patch. Now is the time topreserve. Phone up your order."(It) C. P. COOK & CO.0P0R THE GRADUATE.ALLOW US TO HELP IN YOURGIFT SELECTION.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.BIRTHSMrs. John Howard, widow ofJohn Howard, who died near Paris a.short time ago, gave birth to adaughter Sunday night. Their fifteenth child, thirteen living. Mr.Howard was for many years overseeron the Frederick Wallis farm, on theWinchester pike.Mr. and Mrs. Everette Hopkinsare receiving congratulations uponthe recent arrival of a fine daughterat their home near Little Rock.The new heiress has been namedMildred Hopkins.USEFUL GIFTSBRACELET WATCHES FORGRADUATION $12.00 AND UP.(26-tf) SHIRE & PITHIAN.0LODGE NOTESThe annual exercises of decorating the graves of deceased brotherswill be observed by the ParisKnights of Pythias at the ParisCemetery. June 11. Other orders inthe city are mvitea to taKe parr..The graves of the deceased Knightswill be decorated with flowers andflags, an annual custom carried outin a spirit of "friendship, love andtruth," the motto of the K. of P.There is little or no begging inNorthern Italy, yet it is very prevalent in Naples.In the Western Australian desertthere are wells which yield wateronly at night.Ladies, Listen!It will be a great opportunity tosave money this week. - .Special Low PricesONLadies', Misses' and Children's Suits, Coats, Waists,Skirts, Dresses, 'Millinery;Slippers, Etc;.Twin Bros. Dept. Storer - CHA. S.j GOLD1TINEOraar SaVaatk sad Maia Straatf. n, ' y o. A ' 1 - r. - .. ISI . - THJSJf - ' b;-:;DECORATE YOURSELEIn a Cool Summer Suit of Palm Beach, Mohair, TropicalWorsted or Gabardine$1 O.OO to $22.50$2.50 to $4.50DECORATION DAY MAY 30thLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Brosj ' "HWE ARE SHOWINGLIVING ROOM SUITESXIn many designs at most reasonable prices.Let us serve you.?..: . ". -' '- .- sHave You Heard the NewCOLUMBIA RECORD HIT?Buy it now. Columbia Grafonolas are the best Talking Machines.There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machine.THE J.EITHEHPtfONC UUtorjj -- 11.11 11 , ' 1 1 1 rTjr vC, rr 4HEk - - - -. tf 1 ff ' .WM . SV-S.-I liflLL CLOTHES JjftXStraw Hats $1.50'to $4,50White and Palm Beach OxfordsClothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveT. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYJUVMMrJ".XSIXTH AND MAMyI ASSi -" Kr'ATa4StflS)BVaBBSllMHSjflfeflflSflHP : B?- F'i- Wav)M ca: -:..:r&i- . i9Vf::''A ''M! f.- Imft' I---,-.fj?rVMmnrJm&z; -- y-. V V ,-.-"sc-r4- -II: :-J.-ctT"V --'"'- Jrjy--,-r "3.- 'fFAGISIXTHEjwkptspaiis, Krarrocix?, "'TUieDAT, MAY Jf, X92Z 1----r27UTSU2UK MAT BE 1EPTJBLI-C1M CA3TDft)ATEf ,Judge B.J. Bethurum. of Somerset, now making his home in Lexington to discharge his duties asassistant prohibition director forKentucky and legal adviser for. thedepartment, is boomed as thecandidate of the Republican "partyfor the United States Senate to op--j pose Senator A. 0. Stanley, Democrat, in the next Senatorial election. " . Judge Bethurum recently admitted that a number of his friends hadasked him to make the race, but he""declined to comment on their action.Judge Bethurum has had a longpolitical career and one of few reTersals. He was candidate for theRepublican nomination for the Senate against Dr. B. L. Bruner, of Lexington, six years ago, but was defeated. Dr. Bruner in turn- was defeated by Senator Stanley. The defeat of Judge Bethurum at that""time is attributed by many of hisfriends to a "split" in the party.iIfNew Spring Colors"are produced upon you? lastyear's garments bySwiss Dyeingwhich produces a most pleasingeffectBeautiful Pastel Shades, Laven-ders, Blues, -Greens, etc., are protduced in' most brilliant tones.Oost ia moderate.SWISS :' Gleaners and Dyers'SXZP BY PAXCHI. POST TO909 9TTTM SIXTH STREETiiomsvrLiiEr xt.CO-OPEEATIVE SELLING GEOWSJOIEJIUJCKT,Many co-operative selling organizations which have been establishedduring the past few years indicatethat farmers of the United Statehave realized the value of co-operativemarketing according to a newcircular on this subject written byC. B. Jesness, chief of the marketssection of the KentuckyAgricultural Experiment Station, which hasjust come off the press.Outlining methods by which suchorganizations can be of help tofarmers the author says. "They cangrade and standardize products ofmembers and sell them on the basisof grade, encouraging the promotionof high quality products. Combining products from a number of farmsgives a volume of business whichwarrants the employment of trainedand capable men to study marketconditions and sell the product formembers. The bargaining power ofstrong organization also is muchgreater than that of an , individualbuyer."This does not mean that organization will enable farmers to overcome economic laws," the authorcontinues. "Organized farmers cannot -expect their organization to obtain unreasonably high prices fortheir products since the purpose oforganization is to sell the productsUSXkj ; Jt- IL ! -4l-tw?isession of the State .lacUlatum. iscontained Jnthepublicatioi. '' IThe - new circular, which is No.distributed115,. is beingfarmers interested inmarketing.free toco-operative-GOLD -MINES OK FAEMSMore "Captain Kidd" nonsense! Itdevelops that a preacher, with twohelpers, dug up a whole sixty-acrefarm in New Jersey in quest of pi,rate gold. He didn't find any gold.' And yet there was buried treasure on that farm. There Is on everyfarm. All that is necessary to get Jtis to do the digging systematically,in proper season, accompanying theprocess by putting Beed corn into theground, and then reaping the cropwhen it is ready. The delving pastor, if he had practised this methodassiduously for the same period hespent in futile spade-work", mighthave had by this time a bigger chestof gold than any pirate ever buriedon the Jersey coast.As a matter of fact the gold business, legitimate and illegimate, hasbeen tremendously over-played. Allthe gold ever ferried fronj the NewWorld across the Spanish Main wasworthless than the fish swimming inthat same Main, and worth a greatdeal less than the useful native products that might have been carriedhome to the Spanish people, fromin the best possible manner possible ! Mexico and Peru. All the gold? everand to keep the members -acquaintedwith market conditions and demandsso that they may plan their farmingoperations intelligently."Volume of business, good management, business methods, adequatefinance and membership loyalty arepointedqut as the important requirements for success in a co-operativemarketing association. A copyof the Bingham Co-operative Marketing act as passed by the recentdug in California is trival comparedwith the wealth produced therewhen men turned from placer-miningto plowing. Mountain streamsrun -into irrigation ditches havemade more money than they evermade when their sole use was washing yellow dust out of sand.Every man w"ho owns a farm ownsa gold mine. Every man who ownshis own home has buried treasurein his back yard.c3"-. A. i--tZ.5ri jVLft?ttPe2.,U j2LJAMES OLIVER . CUfcWOOD WINSPOPULARITY C01TESTV- i'William F. Hooker, editor of "TheErie Railroad Magazine," which isconducted, by that-roaf in the interests of its employes, announced theresult of a "favorite author contest" in which the magazine's readers have been voting for the pastmonth." s"One thousand printed post cardswith blank spaces for first, secondand third choice for the most popular author 'were distributed fromthe offices of the regional managers,the Library,' and The Erie RailroadMagizine's office at 71 West 23rdStreet, New York City. The votewas confined strictly to Erie employes. James Oliver Curwood, author of"The Flaming Forest," "The Valleyof Silent Men," 'God's Country,The Trail to ' Happiness," etc.r etc.,proved an easy winner, coming outwith more than double the numberof votes cast for Zane Grey, hisclosest rival. Mr. Gray, whosebooks include "The MysteriousRider," "To the Last Man," etc., ledPeter Bv Kyne, author of "ThePride of Palomar," "Kindred of theDust,"etc, by a small margin forsecond place, and Mr. Kyne has thethe largest number "of third choicevotes., X1 1 M11MDEIFT OF POPULATION' I In Fur Swing Now IK"ik kt m --- - -. --t-r - M zmi'JBi Zfe..Apparel . . n -3 I K-!rn-ibummerYoiing Women i&d Womenwh(Twish to 'remain young willappreciate Mabley's display"- -ff&gm:rr Ya,!-.rHaML4 Y Ijf V 1-S" - -ss2y-RJfcwjrtSatSs-The problegLQjy1111 clothes forwomen is easily solved nere.Sensible, dainty apparel portraying thenewest and best fashions shown on ourvarious sales floors. The vastness of the assortments permits one to choose justwhat most appeals. - .-- .-Young people who go in for tennis, golf' and other outdoor sports will nnd here. just what is desired in apparel.-- The summer needs for every womanhave been carefully studied.Lingerie, Summer frocks anddresses, wraps for evening wear,apparel for the seashore andmountains and an endless arrayof comfortable stylish dressesVSr wear at?!'!tome.'r$rU?g-W.Comfort-We have provided foryour comfort in therest room, the reading,writing and retiringrooms. You may leaveyour hand baggage inour care.Shoes and millinery that are designed forsummer wear. ' jPrices always as reasonable as possible. ;The-Boys' and Girls Floor-is unusually atetractive now. "You'll enjoy visiting andwe will be pleased to have you do so.You are always welcome at Mableys33t5K33j2S-T-ulffff GIIATMT ITOII.CINCINNATI, OHIOynfir-sv;' &ZZ-Zxt5ZZ-&SSiZStit ttThe new census seems to show inan even greater degree than previous one that the drift of populationis toward the larger centers, ratherthan toward the small communitiesand the farm. Fifty years ago wewere an agricultural country, morethan half the people living eitheron farms or in the small towns. Today nearly sixty per cent live in thelarge cities, leaving but forty percent for rural population. The reasons for this "are many, yet probablymuch lies in the effects of education fin our schools. Who does not remember that the hero of most of- thestories we read in our school bookswtts u. uuy wiiu weiic to ine city anamade a success? All the thoughtsof the young were pointed cityward,and now we are reaping the naturalfruitsN It is time to set out the benefits of the country as the place ofresidence; the greater freedom, thepleasanter surroundings, the pureair. the communion with nature .thefresh fruits- and vegetables annttier advantages too numerous to""W. nntlnlA ml..recount in on & J- youngman or woman who keeps fl0$ toMother Mature is going to get moreout of life 'than his city cousin.t- r i Q t$EETH AND HUMANITY"? .r "g 0f wkMW Wr. - TJf URGRSAL CARDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective -January 16, 1922Chassis $285Runabout :. 319Touring Caiv -348Truck Chassis 30Coupe ...7 S80Sedan 645(F. O. J5. DETROIT)RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYIWe Have a Large Stock of Monuments onHand Ready to DeliverWeJiave reduced the prices on those on hand and we guarantee to gfoe qualitjr andbetter pree than anyone from any where. omeand-see and be convinced No duplicate at tjieae price. - ! - ' '&THE MiHIftAY & THOMAS eOv, riy.s. -$ -'AfGlad to see you," said the dentistto the -man who entered his officefor a long-belated visit. "You're thefirst man who's been in x this x officeto-day."And then he continued to explainthat -about 90 per cent, of "his patients are women. - '-,That sounded interesting.Perhaps men have better teeththan women. Probably too muchcandy-eating by the feminine sex isto T)lame. Ah! that was a splendidthingJ;o tell the wife."Nothing to it," said the dentist.1"Women have just as good teeth asmen and most of them have betterteeth, because they take more careof them."Awoman's pride, he explained,won't allow her to tolerate decayedor-'discolored teeth. Then, too. sheis not usually so pressed for time.Se she goes to the dentist once orjtwice a year, has her teeth cleaned ;and examined- and. profits by theproverbial stitch in time.And a man he goes after he'sbeen up all night with the toothache. jj -,x-;.n ;"I've never seen the head of thehousehold of more than half of thefamilies who patronize me," said thedentist. "I send them theill; they!send the money. -"But finally dad rushes in, after anight of pain, and wants immediatehelp. And I find all sorts of troublethat might have been avoided if discovered in time. So he pays manyvisits and a good-sized bill andswears that he'll see me every sixmonths in the future."I smile, take it all in, get himwell fixed up and bid him goodbyewith the conviction that I won't seehim for three, four or five years."Yes, the men write most of theadvice 'about caring for the teejthand the women practice it,'---& .Ancient Shaving Implement.' According to Herodotus, the Egyptians shaved Continually and only "letthe hair and beard grow when theywere in mourning. The barber of thfeancient Egyptians was. known as thehaq. He employed various lnstro""its. A razor sometimes in theeof a small, short hatchet withi curved handle and other, instru-'ments-shaped like a knife were mfflrtgenerally used.IN the judgment ofthose who' know,we are equipped by-oar expennce toserve cofrectly in our- J professional caprcity.0People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.nflfiWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICE. GOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery Service-Repairs Storage Supplies(tf) Gars WashediiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimnniMiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiMiiWe Handle All Kinds ofI Electrical Novelties IElectricjWashing Machines; Irons, Toasters,Broilers? 'Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc "Gas HeaterAll Sizes; and Prices. Gai Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.Unalf laan."De worHlaaid Uncle Ebtn, "lafoil of wondrful impaction. De onlytMhiala tatarinvtimtkM ' da fsomitiftt kaL6fr aimlr tf ttatiltfit-to rwMri wtlttanVmakdjwirpwtv-TV W. SPICERmmtrmxrmm n m i mnmmnMiiTA m-i.f.- " . -- -- - "-Vmm- -"td-ie&suMJ: i tf mw, 4. . 5r m . ., 9 . jei wm.- -nwin nrmt tmtrrmrt lit jiwtt-i- - -OTF. COURT HOUU ftfTX-- J4 ID-21iwptyuaw mtnm, ri-. - - a T ,m ?- - tTl 'i-.-. - V2: , - - y ,-ar-v" ' u Jt 4r.rP"";r.JT,,v w-.wFWP,rT.; t . yv r ffji ,wTterT v. 5' -' "eSi."v--:. -SU-- -"rpnESD'AY, MAY .,.Xft- " . - ..- i v3," -.-tti!-ai3.JL r -" - -- --. ; --t- - y ','t.'J-arSWftgWpWWSlaMMHaHHaHHHHaHHHiHiBBiHBBBBHBHHit?t:.'' , f . ' .-''- - - - '?rur-r-- mviiX. s.&,-.'.;MK-llf-r:;. -' i?rrJ"THE HSHZUCA1'The fisherman Ts not so commona type as he used to be M CltleSand towns grow more populous, the.number of the fishable streams and.., within reach grows less.Those that are frequented by the-finny tribe become widely known.Automobile parties travel manynours to reach them. Yet there neverwas a time when the experienceswhich the fishermen love were morewelcome. Ipeople are sick of the everlasting j1 I A V. tturmoil ana recnmiuauuu ui wctimes. They can't escape these difficulties that so crowd upon them.But they do long to get away somewhere and forget it for a littlewhile. Never before the quiet peace0f a shady brook, or the calm ripples of a sparkling lake seem half soinviting, when you get in some secluded spot, on Stpner Creek, withthe game played betwen you and'Mr. Bass" to keep the top of yourmind occupied, how far away theworld does seem. How pretty allf thA unrest and striving of manappears. The simple life of nature,the little shack . in the woods, theplain fare of the camper, seems bet-f-prthan all the effete comforts andluxuries for which people strive and :fret. The beauty of the forest ana.stream sink into the heart like a"benediction, and the tired man willgrow strong againlH6FA3fX-WIKIEr irf Srraiffi enielF. T., formerly matron atthe stateIt fnrrr9jvrv Tltfl7trr. H. Y,. who savs she is deliffhtedwith Tanlkc since it restored herhealth after she suffered eight years."ssiBsssfcl A.sssssssssssssssssssssskl v.SSSSSSSSSSSSSH' TBSSSSSSSHBSSSBSSSSSsBHRMP wHWIBSSl vbssssssBbPbswHhHbssb $c-BSSnraRMBHBSsKMA!$iHBr'' '-BSSSSSBlBE3r fBSSSSSSSSSSSV" --'.'.?-' C wfasssssssssssssssssssm "vi-" v- VBSSSSSSSSSSSSHBSSSSBSc 4 xBSSSSSSSSBSSSBSsVsk K'- t:ow strong Bm. i thatLet -it be hoped that fishing does 'acll tr)'This is the first time in eightI have been free fromJ slfcAJ -ofnmanh trmihip nTiri it. is all becausenot become as extinct' sport. It is . .. WOnderful good Tanlac hasindeed as a refreshing diversion af- done me said Mrs. Frank Wilkie.ter the grind of offices and clatter of 229 Cedar street, Syracuse. Mrs.factories. It ought to be within wilkie formerly resided in BuffaloTeach, so that every town dweller s and for two years was matron of theand shop womer coum uccabiuudu; oiaw ..., ., , -- -:have a bout at it. Good game laws, "I was eating scarcely enough towell enforced, by public sprit and keep alive," she declared for Iwell emorceu, uy yuui v, tiwouid rather not touch a bite thanuniversal consent, will do a STeat.suffer the misery 1 know WOuld fol.deal to restore a sport that has been Eyen gweet milk disa&reed-dear to countless men from time im-, ith me j was sick in bed for two.Tnemorial. 'oni hrPA riava at a time, and gas" on"-o imy-stomach made such awful pressDickens' Gorgeous Attire. ! ure on my heart it almost cut off myAmong English authors, sarsJ'Beach- breath. I had horrible dreams atcomber" in the Daily Express, London, night and in the morning was allEngland, Dickens was probably the .tired out.most gorgeous dresser. He used to i "Well, the longest day I live I willro down to the office of Household riraise Tanlac. for my improvementWords, when editor, wearing a bright nas been simply remarkable. I have-1p-een waistcoat and a vivid scarlet tie no more heartburn, my appetite is.partially concealed by a sky-blue coat I wonderful, I can eat most anythingth red cuffs. l want, and my sieep is sound and" o irestfuL I am thoroughly delightedLints to Be Remembered. j with Tanlac. It is wonderful."Whatever the number of a man's ' .Tanlas is sold by all good drug;lriends, there will be times in his life Sistswhen he has one toofew; but if he j ohoe nn v nno onpmv no ic inoirtr in. iileed If he has not one too many. I"Lord Lytton. i" .Increasingly as the days roll on,the country's attention is attractedto the difference between the wordsand actions of the Harding administration with respect to" what it cansa peace policy. Supposed at its outset to be against everything thathad been advocated y Woodrow.Wilson, the administration, with theco-operation of Congress, was goingto resolve war clear out 01 existence. With a few magic words, anda high sign the new administrationwas going to produce a tranquilHworld. To show the world thatAmerica meant to keep aroof fromEuropean affairs, Yankee troops onthe Rhine were to be brought homeat once.Without so much as recognizingthe existence of the functioningLeague of Nations, a new association to preserve world peace was tobe formed in the same prompt, magical way that the strife of tne moment was to be ended by Congressional- resolution.Now comes the news from Washington that "complete withdrawal ofAmerican troops from Germany willhe delayed." It turns out, after all.that this country has some mternt0 TCiirrmp that Wilson, asusual, knew what he was talkingabout when he declared that America would have to use its influencefor world peace as it did in tnewinning of the war. It is represented now that Germany as well asthe entente -allies desire the moraleffect of the American flag on theRhine. Should the United Statesxxritrnw onlv Great Britain, Franceniv"wv. -JD3L!a7-lL-i.-flJltlS-3i . ii liorYv iTS--.CAJO flU IU1IO UAtUTURN TO STORESDullness In Theater World Trans--formsPlayers Into Floorwalkers and Salesmen.HARD SUMMBf IS EXPECTEDMore Than ;Half of CoUntrt Actors' ArsorWill Bf Out of EmploymentThis Summtrr-Movls WorkOffers No Hope.New York. New York's departmentstore floorwalkers, always have beennoteworthy for their politeness andurbanity. Improving on their mannerswould seem like painting the Illy. Yetmany a woman shopper has commented of late on the fact that some ofthese human Baedekers display adebonair air that is unusual, even forfloorwalkers. And many of them haveseemed in some way familiar.Similarly, at the counters, patronshave found new faces and personalitiesa rMffftrpnt Rtamt). Some of thesalesmen,- like the floorwalkers, have acarriage different, from their fellows.Men shoppers as well as women havebeen intrigued by some of the salespeople plainly not true to type."Where have I seen him before?" thewomen ask, and "Her face is familiar," the men say.They have seen those same faces -heardthose same voices, from theirseats in a' Broadway theater. Timeskn.H oina hia Rlalto these daysand Belgium would be left on the &a practlcally ci0sed andnomination line, and Germany might amTY,or KM,nn coming, on. Many' .. ,, , 1.. ."C BU.l'- , ,IS THE TIME. To Select Hardy Flowers Forthe GardenDELPHINIUM, FOXGLOVE, COLUMBINEPAEONIES, PYRETHRUM, GARDEN PINKS"SIBERIAN AND GERMAN IRISTHEY'RE ALL BLOOMING AND WORTH, WHILE SEEINGi'dBourbonNurseries-TfffMEINERTZ & HARPERPROPRIETORSfee.Vi?FINEST CANDIES. IN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFT -"-MISS HOLLADAY"Lord Lytton.Siam has-.Scouts.a contingent of GirlBut Money Isn't Returned.In a way, getting married is likecalling up on the telephone onedoesn't always get the party onewants. Boston Transcript.Positively!.The biggest dollar's worth todayThe "Brownie"Agenuine GilletteUses the genuineGillette BladesIheBrownieGILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO. BcwtM,U.S.with 3 genuineGillette Blade. HNow at allDealersJ No blades like theg&r qenuine Gillette Blades Iinpreasinelv get the notion that theunity of the victors was broken andmake trouble. On the other hand,the Germans are represented aspicturing France as more apt to goto extremes in occupation 11 fauefeels that the influence of the UnitedStates in that quarter . has beenwithdrawn.After the mercilessness withwhich Republicanpoliticians foundfault with the Wilson admimstra-ffnn which has a marvelous record.,of constructiveness to its credit, 11 ibabout time for the Harding regimeto produce-a foreign .policy that willgive this country the influence ithad before the partisan obstructionat home handicapped the peace workof the Democratic President. America certainly could not run as muchrisk of dangerous involvement inEuropean affairs, by membership in.the League as by the maintenanceof troops on the Rhine wnne supposed to fte at peace with Germanyand proclaiming to the world that ithas no interest across the sea.Daily the opposition of the unitedStates in refusing to co-operate'through the League of Nations be(.nmes more awkward and more responsible for continued world unset-tlement. Such effective worK as nabbeen done in the past few years toprevent war and bind up the woundsof the world has been done by theLeague.nBSHFUNDS FOR MARKING- NOTEDPREACHER'S GRAVEA campaign for funds to erect amarker at the grave of Rev. JesseHead, who united in marriage theparents of Abraham Lincoln, is being sponsored by the Harrodsburg,tt-o- nhnmhr of Commerce and citizens everywhere are asked to contribute. The remains of Mr. Head,Methodist preacher, justice ana canan actor and actress is only too gladto become a department store clerkor floorwalker.There are 32.000 men and womenplaying in the United States. Halfof these are or will be without employment in their chosen calling thissummer. Already that part of :Broadway which enjoys-the term Rialto istaking on a midsummer appearance.Gathered on street corners, strollingalong or chatting by twos and threesfrAn nf hnlldines devoted to booking agencies and managers"offices aremen and women who bear the unmistakable stamp of stage folk out of ajob.Wolf Around the Corner.Spring may be here, but its presft a nnf hftrnlded in the garb ofthese players. Fur coats are still inevidence, and to the initiated thegowns and hats of the women and the-suits of the men are manu.esi.ij .winter vintage. The winter Itself hasbeen a hard one with more than 5,000players who usually have road engagements forced to 'remain idle orfind other employment. Summer willsee the wolf hungrier and more powerful and the door fastenings in somecases unable to withstand his attacks.But the- day has gone by when theplayer need go hungry . or withoutuh-t,. rrho Aprors- suuu uiiu mEquity association see tait that nomember of the profession in goddstanding has to walk the streets. Andit is significant of the strength of thereserve funds of the profession, as awhole, that up to date only eleven players have applied to the Equity for foodmoney. But the association expectsand is ready to meet a large increasein. the number of those applying forsuch assistance in tne coming mumus.The actor or actress is a personwith a temperament. Once he or sheplays on Broadway at a salary of$250 or $800 a week, that figure inhis own mind fifes his future rating.A Living on the Roaa.But there is a good living for theactor and large profits for the managers in the summer shows, and, thanksto them, the smaller towns ana ciueoBourbon LaundrvDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors jm Teleohone No. 4 - West Fifh Street J1 -SATISFACTIONX ioJ4HHW aM niTD WATrrnvnoniriJ')WHWmr 1 Q UUIY TT1 V11TTVIYU.XHiIXIXIuffiffifffKcy yjgaKfc. iT jiHfvTiWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work infe-gp rior to none, and solicitS your patronage.The Bourbon LaundrjriiSiParis, KentuckyEKK!iKV:fK!II ii i II i i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 T ,,t"1"1" ' f;f,J lllllia11' mmGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceDay137BOTH TELEPHONESNight399fiiiiiin iiiiinniiiiiiiii HtlYiei.aou.lBL yicav;uci, j"""-" - co Weill, Luc auittiici. .v..inet maker, lie in an unmarked whlch have gone without the Broad... - i. 4- TTnrrnHe. v,.cr n flt InfrPflSrjHfcLEVYThe Dry CleanerfIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGSmall Chick PeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROMrnvft in the cemetery, at Harrodsv.,,0- Tf Vine hfifin doubted that themarriage service which he performedfor " Thomas Lincoln and NancyHanks was legal and only a fewyears ago, the original return ofminister was found in the Washington county court -house,-whereasit should have been returnea to lugHardin county court clerk at Elizabethtown. Both during iieaas uptime and after, many nave qouulbuthat he was a duly authorized minister, but it is said that those whosought to interrupt his "preachingmm i XT- wAltOfor "marrying" usually got iub ""of a fist fight. The proposed markeris designed to connrm tne murna6as authetic and indirectly, to remove the stigma which has attachedto Lincoln's "- name in connectionwith it. Nat L. Curry, of Harrodsburg, is chairman 01 xne commuteoin charge of the matter, and all donations should be sent to him. Onlyone dollar subscriptions are asked.oRepulsive Birds. 'The greatest bird gourmand- is" thevulture of southeast Europe. Sevenvultures can strip the carcass of ahorse In hal an hour. After such a,meal they can fly only a few yards.They stand with puffed-out bodies,drooping wings, and blood-shot eyes,uttering hideous cries.oThe Fx In Japan.TrT Tnnnnpnc mvfhnlnerr thfi fOT Isepresented as having been born firstnto this world at the descent of theUU uuuucaOf auu ccu nuu . saregarded hj tKe humble classes as anessengjer from neaven. . -GET READY FORway successes because of the Increasing cost of transportation and thehigh prices charged for plays givenby inferior companies, will see duringthe coming months many of the hits ofthe year.The tent shows are not of the typeassociated here in theEast with streetcarnivals and country fairs. They puton Broadway successes with competent companies and good settings.T.ncf anmtnpr the nronrietor of a tentHhnw. who toured only Nebraska, -Icleaned up $18,000 with plays of thecharacter of "Turn ta the Right." Theproprietor of a repertoire compuuywho last year played in Texas and theSouthwest was credited wlth takingin n profit flnoroximating S18.000. Therepertoire was not "Uncle Tom'snhirv "Ton Nichts in ar Barroom,"i.ncf Tver." nnd "The Two Or-nhflnR." either. It consisted of com-rtsaa anri dramas which had beenBroadway successes of "the precedingyear but never had oeen presemeu mthat territory.It is to these companies that theriinvArs nnt. of a iob are turning whoprefer three meals a day even thoughtheir pride be jolted. To the uninitiated, it would not seem that theonrncQinn in the moving picture theater business would affect players ofthe legitimate stage. Nevertheless.iiQ ic tho se. When the movingpicture studios were at the height ofproduction, as they were up to a yearago, with studios operating in the,A4-mnniitfln district, the legitimatealitor temporarily out 01 a pmnertMiiii omint on enoueh wonc as an extra" in a moving picture production topay his room rent and keep the Inner,- fiftfr' Nnw even this itf gone,S RrN GFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time Levelsx-., .4?GET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection-ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.-Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.Wt Are Equipped With.FULL STOCKS AGAINv.', .., -Attractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us' Have Your Spring Workmm ffir DIWu tr'vrfcti-rAr.TINO PAIRTERS"ANDSMfth Main K.y opt), ureen i.iwwtvm&M.5M' j;9-&&i -1--?'5f35-."Cff?5a$K-""!ijfss--SSr ."W"iri- -.!- 'Inj?$rzt r"-C JF.-- .'('lirH -'mW' .i. i$4rtw- -i - Ftr - -, ,, if.itc.-,irrVJ2'f2r-cri.v' AmZvm- -t- 9M),R. F. COLLIEROrfor practicalljr all of the new'pictiirtllJI4rVBonUo;! '&ii mftwt?Jb?iifoiriP'-i'W r frare btiac stayeg m a v gtqiuifor.".wl-iZ.' sC"4&'"" !... ?? ' ""-"-f-ATfi .K: SJr'i.-L-1 . Jf -I P,--!!: ,. ' - - -. Tm'Tmm j --. - - T ""T " '- t,? -Lc-v &. V.-ifPAGI KGHTtorTH1 BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYftmiwtirt. 'TUBSDAY,-MAT t, H22: Itm!MLLERSBURGTlmttfeftiaj News Items From Bour-bon County's College TownI Eighth. Grade pupils," who took theI o-vnTninnHrm at "Paris.Miss Hattie Wood is visitingMiss Charlotte Styles, in Masoncounty, and Misses Margaret andEdith Wood, in Maysville.Roy Pope, guest 'of Mr. and Mrs.S. 12. Bruce, has returned to hishome in Ashland. Mrs. Pope andbaby will remain for a little visit.John Hunter left Saturday forToledo, Ohio, with six head of saddle horses to be shown at theHorse Show to be held there June3rd.James Ellington, assistant cashier of the Farmers Bank, attendedthe Kentucky Bankers' Associationat Frankfort. Mr. Ellington wasmade a member of the executivegroup for this j ear.- Mrs. J. A. Miller is visitingRelatives in Maysville.Miss Lily Letton, of Bethel, is-visiting Mrs. Mary Whaley.. Mrs. Mary S. Hood, of Nepton,iis visiting Mrs. Mary Whaley.Mrs. Mary S. Hood, of 'Nepton,s visiting her sisters, the Misses.Mclntyre.Miss Katherine Judy is visiting' lier grandmother, Mrs. W. B. Payne,In Cynthiana.W. F. WommacK, of Lexington, The annuai meeting of the-rwas the guest of Mr. and Mrs. b. u. stockholders of the Millersburg Mil-Carpenter, last week.FOR.SALE-One Roll-Top Desk,iChina Cabinet, and Hand-carved"Table. Call Home Phone 14.Mrs. Mary Boston and family""have moved to their home, recently-purchased from Mr. Tony Zoellers." Miss Susan Briggs, of Frank--fortuhas returned home after a visit'with her sister, Mrs. Julian Allen.Dr. Nutter, of the Christianchurch, filled the pulpit of Rev. W.E. Ellis, at Paris, Sunday evening.Mr. Edward Welburn, of Mays'-ville, spent the week end with his..-parents, Rev. and Mrs. W. D. Wel-Iburn.Mr. and Mrs. Bryan McMurtry,Snests of Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen,Tiave returned to their home in Cynithiana. Miss Louise Leer, Misses Hattie. Wood, Flora Jordan and Clarence"Wasson were visitors in Lexington,Saturday.Miss Sue Bascom received the"highest average of Millersburg-r'j.1j;:., 'iitary Institute for the election ofseven directors to serve the ensuingyear and for the transaction of" anyother business that may come beforethem will be held in the office of theInstitute, on Monday afternoon,June 5, at two o'clock.M. E. Pruitt, school superintendent, and Prof. J. W. Lancaster, ofthe High School, were recent visitors at the Fugazzi SchooKof Business in Lexington, where Mr. Pruittmade arrangements for his daughterto enter. Prof. Lancaster was there?in the interest of the graduatingpupils, making arrangements forthose desiring commercial work toenter the institution.The Senior Class of the HighSchool, composed of Misses DorothyBonar, Natalie Shannon, MaymieCook, Jennie Fisher, Elizabeth Pruitt and Elizabeth Boston, accompanied by Professor and Mrs. J. ,W.Lancaster, Miss Nannies Clarke, Mr.and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt, and MissFisher, motored to Georgetown andLexington. Wednesday and visitedthe different colleges.oIS YOUB MONEY GROWING ORGOING?Grand Opera House Today and tomorrowPRATHER & WILLIAMS'Musical Comedy Revues Featuring HELEN EPPENS, the Girl with the Golden VoiceAll that is New in Minstrel, Vaudeville and Musical Comedy. Entire Change ofProgram Every Night.Picture Program in Connection with AbovefiTodayMay Allison, in "Big Game"Snub Pollard Comedyand "Miracles of the Jungle"Tomorrow"Love's Boomerang"With Ann Forrest and David PowellAlso Cristie Comedy and Pathe NewsADMISSION-ADULTS 50c PLUS 5c WAR TAX, 55c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 25c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 28cPRIMUS INTER PARESJUST FIVEMOREDOLLAR VDAYS1:-tTfflZtrsfJlllyMA S.MSJLSAJ -MpThe person who saves with theBourbon Building & Loan Association sees his money grow.The other sees his' money go hereand there, nothing showing for it.A savings account will look muchbetter than a memory of so-calledgood time.Join our new series, which opensSaturday, June 3.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.. oTHE WOOL CROPLocal dealers are paying fortycents a pound for wool thisweek, the highest price of the season. It has been estimated thaltnearly 100,000 pounds of wool willbe delivered to dealers before theseason closes, about June 1.Members of Parliament in Australia receives $5,000 a year for theirservices.vSc'0vwh1V SbSfl-rvsr -JNCi3kyi-I- -j . -aDecoration Day May 30thThe Honor RollWith the last of our soldiers home from theRhine, Memorial Day this year should be observedwith, a special obligation particularly for thosemen who gave their lives for the freedom of theworld.. There is no better way to pay tribute to theseheroes than to dedicate our lives to the principlefoe which they died.In our efforts to JDe of usefulness to our community we pause to giee thanks that we are privilegedto enjoy citizenship in a nation 'whose" sons havemade the supreme sacrifice for 'the principle that"right makes might."Let's not forget the debt we owe to them.May 30th is the proper day to think about it.PRICE & CO.. Clothiers and Furnishers.It was a dramatic finish" for OldRosebud and the announcement thata recent accident had rendered sucha close necessary will- be receivedwith a peculiar sense of loss by alllovers of a gallant bit of horseflesh, by all who like to remember asplendid race.In the story of this Americanclassic there are not many nameswhich are part of the legend, butOld Rosebud is assured a placeamong them. A Kentucky horse,and supported religiously by Kentuckians that brought him to shortodds on the morning of the Derby,the gelding flattered his backers bybreaking the record and setting amark that has never since been surpassed There came shortly afterward a period of eclipse, and thenthe great horse emerged to new victories and to justify the fabuloustales of his old partisansIn the history of the turf OldRosebud will stand with Bend Or,Igonomy, Ladas, Salvator, Regret,Exterminator, Ben Brush, flroquois, Gladiateur, Bonnie Scotlandand other marvels. They are not agreat company, but emphatically aselect.THE TRAINING CAMP IDEAIt is a highly unusual and particularly interesting act on the part ofPresident Harding when he communicates by telegraph with the Governors of States urging themjo cooperate in creating interest in theidea of the Citizens Military Training Camps. Efforts since the WbrldWar to formulate a settled militarypolicy for the United States havebeen hampered by many influences,but it now appears that all concerned are now- in agreement that thebest to be hoped for in the way of"preparedness" is a body of severalmillion young men training in thefundamentals of military service.Since this training is to be given atthe camps held each year in the various Corps areas, it becomes obvious that the training camp idea isthe nucleus about 'which the armyof the future is to be built.Under the new law providing forthe United States jmilitary establishment we have the Regular Army,the National Guard and the Organized Reserves. Our Regular Armyhas always been exceptionally efficient and the present National Guard,by reason of lessons learned in theWorld War, is a more dependablefactor than ever before. But boththese branches of the army are inadequate to meet any considerableemergency, and if the useless expenditure of blood and treasure of thepast is to be prevented in the future,we must have other reserves oftrained men.This reserve of man power mustcome from the Citizens' MilitaryTraining Camp, and hence the vitalimportance of the course of instruction at Camp Knox, and othertraining vCenters, in August. It istherefore of capital importance thatour young men be urged to attendthese camps where, in effect, -theywill have a month's vacation' "atgovernment expense. The qualifications as to character, education andphysique make it certain that onlythe flower of youth of the-land liseligible, and we hope to see Kentucky well represented among the3,000 students at Camp TCnox inAugust.It is required that applicationsbe in by May 31 and requests fordetailed information should be sentto Headquarters 64th Cavalry ;Division and Organized Reserves forKentucky, Room 515, PostofnceBuilding, Louisville, Ky.THESTATE MEMORIALFALLEN SOLDIERSTOFour thousand four hundred andfifty-nine dollars have been subscribed by 442 students of the Universityof Kentucky toward the memorialfund for the erection of a State Memorial Building in honor of the menof Kentucky who lost their lives inthe World War, the committee forraising funds has announced. A. B.Cammack, chairman of the HighSchool committee of Owen county,reports that good returns will bemade there this week. The churchesof Owen county enrolled in thefund-raising campaign will reportthe progress made next week. Thetotal amount subscribed to date inthe Louisville district as annguncedfrom Headquarters, is $34,000. Ascholarship of $50 to the highschool student in each county whoturns in the largest amount of subscriptions has been offered by theUniversity of Kentucky.YOU'VE MET THIS BIRD?"Oh, he's so witty; I just love tohearvhim talk." Thus spake a woman in our office the other day, andwe agreed that the gentleman inquestion was a wit of the first water. But to be always witty palls onone, and the man who eternally isa "funny man" gets to become a nuisance. The best office of wit is onlyto lighten the serious labors of life;and it is only a torch by which menmay cheer the gloom of a dark way.When it sits up to be your counsellor or your guide, it is a fool's fire,flitting irregularly, and leading youinto the quag and morass, .Life may Or may hot be a joke according to the manner in which oneappreciates it. No one apprecites theafterdinner speaker more than wedo, but there is always a time forseriousness and a time for levity.We cannot joke away an obstacle; itmust be overcome by hard work andserious attack, yet frequently thelight remark and tho, smile willgrease the axle of prograss and carryforward the car of attainment. lathis community we all have ourplaces and our helpfulness. To dothings to accomplish this is thegoal for which we strive, and inthis progress wit may have its place,but it should not be worked todeath.DON'T WATT TOO LONGCOMMENCEMENT TIME WILLSOON BE HERE. LET US HAVEYOUR ORDER NOW TOR ENGRAVED WORK ALL KINDS OF CARDS.INVITATIONS, ETC. A BEAUTIFUL LINE OF SAMPLES TO SELECT FROM.BOURBON NEWS ENGRAVING DEPARTMENT.More For YourMoneyBuy your new footwear at Paris' greatest Shoe Store and you willhave the satisfaction of getting more for- your money. Come thisweek and see the greatest shoe values in town.BETTER SHOES BETTER STYLES LESS PRICESNewest :iVSpring SlippersExtra Special Values This Week5f-.Misses' and Children's PatentSlippers. Special $1.49 and..Men's Special Offering in tan workshoes, all sizes 6 to 11. Special. . . .Ladies'- Soft Kid Comfort Strap Slippers, rubber heels, flexible soles.Sale price $1.49 andSI. 99$1.85$1.99tullilMI". ""Ladies' and growing girls' patentstrap slippers. Some rubber hls.Also tan oxfords. A great ralue.A iaSpecial JZ.'WMen's Shoes and Oxofrds. Newspring stwles, $5.00 and $6.00 val-JA rues. Save money. Special JgJChildren's White Canvas Strap Slippers, sizes 8 to 11, $1.24; sizes 11 J A2 JI.4ULadies! ' See the great values weoffer at this low pricet Wonderfulstyles, great selection. Patent andtans, straps and oxfords, at a bigA QPsaving. Sale price 3vaUuLadies' new style- satin slippers.- Patent leathers, Tan . Oxfords". Sale A AAprice . ."".... .' JZbIRJDAN COHENPalis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignastW, vSrj.feyear in China. .,. ..L.-4 -Mt v" " rT-:j i jtjfcr.fr iiijffifrff J'Hwfcftr,&4m&htm&&Sw'.t, .Sm-tlj -'- "jIU,"",l'"lW'fjX'Jk&sJ 4- - v- r iS 4"t.-Six million children are born eiryil JUHV . - . . ,, N.&3&iMW2feLL mn