THE BOURBONNEWSfr'' -fPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 7, 1922ARRANGING CELEBRATION FOEARMISTICE DAYSaturday, November 11. will bemade as memorable a day in Paris,Ky., as it was in Paris, France, atthe close of the great! war. Onthat day an appropriate celebration program, to be observed in connection with the dedication of Bourhon County's Memorial Building, atthe corner of Broadway and High,will be carried out. The programwas arranged at a recent meetingof committees held at the courthouse.Judge George Batterton waselected chairman of the committee,'which is composed of Miss LucyBlythe Simms, Mrs. Wm. 0. Hinton,Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Harold F.Harris and Judge Batterton.The main object of the celebration will be the dedication of theMemorial Building to the men ofBourbon county who served theircountry during the world war, andthe unveiling of a beautiful bronzetablet, which is to be placed on theoutside of the building on whichwill be inscribed the names of thosewho gave up their lives for theircountry, on the field of battle, incamps and hospitals abroad and athome. The tablet has arrived inParis from the Tiffany Company, inNew York, and is a work of art.At the same time an interestingflag, which was used on some of theAmerican headquarters in Francewill be raised over the building, attended by appropriate militaryceremonies. The dedicatory, service will be held in front of thebuilding, the speakers occupying anelevated stand and the audience inthe open space.The program as finally settled onby the committee, for the event, isas follows: AParade composed of members ofBourbon Post, American Legion, uniformed representatives of militaryunits from American Legion Postsof adjoining counties; a historicalpageant by the Historical Societyof the Paris High School; BoyScouts; school children; bands; military ceremony of raising the American flag over the Memorial Building; dedicatory addr.ess; unveilingof bronze tablet in commemorationof the Bourbon countymen whodied during the world war; reception at the Memorial Building.oThere are men who keep tneirlinen scrupulously clean but theyVOTE TO-DAY FOE J. CAMPBELLCANTRILLDemocratic ,;yotera of Bourboncounty should take advantage ofthe election to-day to cast theirvote for Congressman J. Campbell'Cantrill. While the veretan Congressman from the Seventh Districtis without opposition, loyal members of the Democratic party shouldgo to the polls Tuesday to fulfill aa f two-fold obligation by stampingunder the sign of the rooster.By voting for Mr. Cantrill theywill do two things pay him a personal compliment, and register theirdisapproval -of Republican misrule.They also can, by voting, showtheir party loyalty.While no campaign has beenmade, in view of the lack of opposition, supporters of Mr. Cantrill areanxious that as large a vote as-possiblebe cast in his favor to-day, inrecognition of his services as Congressman and as a further indication of Bourbon county's Democracy. 19NOTED LECTUEEE VISITSPAEISTHE GRIDIRON FIELDOne of the largest audiences ofwomen ever assembled in the Presbyterian church, sat spellbound andinterested Sunday afternoon, whileMrs. May Dixon Thacker, authorand lecturer, delivered her famouslecture, "The Human Touch." Theaudience was made up of representative women from not onlv Parisand Bourbon county, but from other fwere made by Tucker v and Capt.sections of the State and from manyof the surrounding towns.Mrs. Thacker is the wife of Rev.Dr. Ernest Thacker, AssemblyEvangelist of the Southern Presbyterian church, who is conducting asuccessful and largely-attended ""revival meeting in the Paris Presbyterian church. In the address ofSunday afternoon Mrs. Thacker displayed to a large extent, the eloquence, power of thought and depthof feeling for which the members ofher family are so. noted. She is asister of Rev. Thomas Dixon, notedauthor, Frank Dixon, lecturer, andRev. Dr.-A. C Dixon, pastor ofthe Spurgeon Tabernacle, in London, England.TWENTY-FIVE DOLLAR SUITSNot the usual kind of clothes atthat price, but the best twenty-fiveought to send their names to the;dollar suits since the warlaundry, also. "J. W. DAVIS & CO."THE PRIDE OF PARIS"TO LOOK ELSEWHEREMEANS QUICK SALES HEREOur styles look-expensive but ourprices are unusually reasonableAnd to those who have madecomparisons elsewhere selectionshere are quickly madeLOVELYWINTERCOATSIn an unending variety of softfabrics that have all the richnessand lustre that only fine coats couldhave,Fashiona Lustrosa OmduraVerona Velverette Veldyne arfdPanvelaineNavy Sorrento Reindeer BrownWITHSELF COLLARSor with bright luxurious collars ofPlatinum Wolf Fox Squirrel andBeaverCOURT NEWSCovlngtton against Dr. John A. Gil-key, of Paris, who recently madean assignment to his brother, Deputy Sheriff Robert M. Gilkey, ofParis, for the- benefit ot his creditors.Armecf with a search warrant,JParis High fleam will make thejourney to Somerset next Friday tomeet the Somerset High Schoolteam. The Pulaski county boys arereputed to be a husky set of gridiron warriors, but if the 'Parisplayers continue to put up the sameexcellent brand of playing thatthey showed in the Newport game,they ought to take Somerset intocamp.After leading the mighty CentreCollege Colonels 3 to 0 in the firsthalf of their annual foot ball battle, the University of KentuckyWildcats Saturday afternoon failedto keep up the terrific pace. TheColonels smashed their way acrossthe Blue and White goal line fourtimes in the final periods and won27 to 3.The contest was waged before agathering of gridiron fans whichoverflowed Stoll Field.The valiant band of WildcatsT61 half-pintsplayed the great Centre team off itsfeet during the first and secondquarters, making seven first downsto the Danville team's two.The Paris High School team, inthe game played on Hancock FieldFriday afternoon with the NewportHigh School team, proved themselves an invincible organization,and justified the faidh of their followers in the selection of JamesClay Ward as coach. Paris madetwo touchdowns and kicked thegoal each time. The touchdownsWARM HEAETED PARISIANSADOPT BABYThrough Attorney Oscar T. Hinton, of Paris, the National Alum-nium Corporation of. New York wl10 said the chald had been thrustDespite the inclement weather,Pwhich threatened for a time to de-velope into a taste of winter, thereA two-weeks-old baby boy broughtto Lexington Friday night by Mrs.Lelia Thomas, of Oakdale, Tenn., Kwas a large crowd on the street!.filed an involuntary bankruDtcv I mto ner arms by an unknown woproceeding in the Federal Court atman in Knoxville Saturday, founda home .with Mr. and Mrs. IrelandJDavis, of Paris, whose little son ofthe same age,- died recently.Mr. and Mrs. Davis went to Lexington, Saturday morning and arranged with County Judge E. H.Doak for the custody of the baby.Sheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy who had been taken by the policeSheriff R. M. Gilkey went to the'to the Good Samaritan Hospital,,home ot Mrs. Bessie Johnson, at ' Fridav night after Mrs. Thomas1801 Clifton avenue, Saturday, and;liaa surrendered mm to the care ofsearched the room occupied byPete Linville, one of the boarders.During the progress of their searchthey came across a pipe which wasthe officers.Mrs. Thomas resumed Saturdaymorning her journey to Blair, W.Va., where she was going to visitbeing used as a nedestal for holdintrlner sister, Mrs. D. H. Coker, whena large potted plant. Lifting thisthey found concealed in its depthsof moonshineshe unexpectedly found herself inpossession of the waif.According to Mrs. Thomas' story,liquor. Linville was placed under itne DaDy was nandei to her-m thearrest and taken to jail. He wasjrailway statiu in Knoxville as shearraigned before Judge George Bat-sat there waiting for a train. Theterton in the County Court Satur-1 woman who gave it to her told herday afternoon on charges of havingliquor in his possession for the purpose of sale and for selling a quantity to Oscar Snelling, of Cincinnati. After hearing: the evidencethat she could have the child, thatshe didn't want it, Mrs. Thomassaid.Mr. and Mrs. Davis have not yetbeen granted complete legal custodyTaylor, while Tucker kicked each ofthe goals. Paris in this game displayed the best team ,work theydone this season. There were nobright particular stars in the game,the whole Keam playing as one, aridall seemed to be doing their levelbest to make the victory a notableJudge Batterton gave Linville a of the child' Judge Doak exPlainedfine of $1Q0 and a jail sentence ofsixty days, on the first charge, and$100 fine and thirty days in jail onthe second charge.Linville began serving his sentences Saturday. He will be triedlater' in the Federal Court at Lexington, and also in Nicholas countyon the charge of transportingliquor. The latter charge was preferred by Nicholas county officialsstills comes and go, there is still aone. And it was, the final score good many stills left in the oldstanding 14 3o 0. Anderson, of county, it seems. George Russell,Georgetown, refereed the game, with! a. negro, living in Kerrville, a colArnsparger, umpire, and Link, head 'ored settlement near Noar Middle-linesman. I'town, has cause to reerret the ac-Saturday night, but have merelybeen given permission to keep himpending adoption proceedings.Time will be given for the baby tobe claimed by his parents.The baby was brought to ParisSaturday afternoon by Mr. Davisand his mother-in-law, Mrs. J. A.Butler, of Millersburg. Mr. Davisis the son of Mrs. Mary IrelandDavis, of Paris, and is c6nnectedThere are skills and stills, and!wiU the undertaking firm of Geo.TO TURKEY RAISERSR. Davis. Mrs. Davis before hermarriage was Miss Mec Lona Butleu, of Millersburg.The little waif, whom some onewas willing to abandon found awarm welcome here, and would have'tivity of Sheriff M. Peale Collier , "CC11 Lacu mLU dU uue UL mttuand Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilkey, hom5s here he would nave recevwhich deprived him of liberty and'?d th? best of treatment. As it is Tiea mnnnshin s'lill at. the nam p. time . 1 1S SmS to a home where he Wl11WE WILL BE BUYERS OF .The officers visited Russell's home ' receive the care that wiU be a11 tneTURKEYS THIS SEASON AND J late Friday afternoon, and after m tender because the little boyWILT, mam TlV.m.rVnia AT nTTR.WrPh found there n. ten-allnn .of nis own a&e for wnom l1: wasFLOUR MILL AND HEMP HOUSE 'moonshine still and about twenty-! intendfd so recently takenON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALS0nve gallons of mash. When RusAT OUR OFFICE "RUrrDrKTG. fVNU8?1'8 person was searched by theTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MON0?0.18 a "vlver was 'ound in oneDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER. T ' , ; X.IWE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.away by death.E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)COUNTRY CLUB INCORPORATED!Articles incorporating the Bourbon Country Club were filed Fridayin the office "of the Bourbon CountyClerk and the office of the Secretary of State, ati Frankfort, by Attorney Oscar T. Hinton. The organization is capitalized at $25,000.The incorporators are BucknerWoodford, Catesby Spears andFrank Kisr.The Club will be located on theSpears property in East Paris, adjoining the Paris Milling Co.'sproperty, the grounds extendingfrom Main street to the line of theMaysville division of the L. & N.,on Stoner creek, being admirablyadapted for ttie purpose by reasonot natural location. Work on theground and tihe new club house isprogressing rapidly.ver and .the still were all broughtto Paris. The still and Russelwere taken Ho the Sheriff's office.In default of $50,0 bond Russellwas taken to jail. Russell was given a hearing before Judge Georgei Batterton in the County Court Saturday, and was held to the grandjury at the coming term of CircuitCourt, on bond of $500 on the liquorcharge, and $250 bond on the concealed weapon charge.The rolling stone gathers no taxreceipts.NOVEMBER C0U1T DATThe rains made farm work a vacation time, and the farmers took advantage of the opportunity to pay avisit to "town." Business was briskin the livestock markets, a largenumber of mules horses and cattlechanging ownership at fair prices.Business "with the merchants wasreported as being very satisfactory,and many stores made substantial'additions to their bank accounts.The redeeming feature about tneday was the entire absence of patent medicine fakers, itinerant streetevangelists and other leatherlunged shoiiters. "At the stock yards of M. J. Murphey & Co., James ' A. Butler, ofMillersburg, sold publicly, Auctionneer George D. Speakes crying thesale, twelve fine Shorthorns atprices ranging from $52.50 to$127.50. Five of the lot went toWm. H. Whaley, of Paris, vho se-cured Miss Bates, the topnotcher ofthe sale, for $127.50, and LittleDutchess, for $125. James Ralls, ofMillersburg, purchased one for $100.There was a fair attendance, andthe bidding was spirited. The saletotalled $940, an average of $78.33.The farm of Edgar Liver, nearClintonville. was offered for salepublicly, and withdrawn after being bid up to $350 an acre.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney soldyesterday morning, in front of thecourt house three shares of tlie'Peoples and Deposit Bank stock, toT. J. Flora, for $265.50 a share. 'SEEK COUNTY AGENT FORBOURBONSeeking to have a County Agent'appointed? for Bourbon county.Thos. Bryant, of the Unive"rsity ofKentucky, appeared before theBourbon Fiscal Court at their recent'meeting. Mr. Bryant, on behalf ofthe State, submitted a proposition,offering to pay $1,500, one half ofthe amount needed, for the salary,provided the court would make anappropriation covering the otherone-half.The court took the"""matter underadvisement until the next regularmeeting which will be held on tliefirst Monday in December.?BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTTAXPAYERS NOTICETO AVOID ERRORS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS -WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES FOA OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY IN-'STRUCTED TO DO SO.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANK. 'peoples - p0sit bank and- Trust co.,bourbon -agricultural bank& TRUST CO.oct 6-to dec I)Circuit Clerk W. H. Webb is busypreparing for the November termof the Bourbon Circuit Court, whichbegins Monday, November 13, for athree-weeks' session. sOwing to theabsence of Judge Robert Lee Stoutwho is in California for his health,Judge James C. Dedman, of jCyn-thiana, will preside. The docket is ja large one, and is as follows:Commonwealth cases, 44; old equitycases, 358; equity appearances, 39;old ordinary, 144; ordinary appearances, 47.oNEW HOUSE FOR SALEDEPARTMENT STORERAMS? KENTUCKYNEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AJVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tni-oAMERICAN LEGIONSANTA CLAUS WILL VISIT TOBACCO MENWhile no official announcementhas been made public to that effect,it was stated yesterday by tobaccomen from what is considered an en-I uitiy iruBLWunuy buuicu mai memembers of the Co-operative BurleyTobacco Marketing Association mayexpect another distribution of money from recent sales of pooled tobacco before Christmas.This will put a large amount ofready money in circulation amongthe tobacco men, who " are goodspenders, and who spend most oftheir money with the home merchants. The news of the expecteddistribution will be hailed with delight by the tobacco people.-Special SaleSport HoseMxtra ValuesatThe committees, in charge of thecelebration of Armistice day aremaking active plans for a greatday. The American Legion willhave a very important called meeting in the County Court room Tuesday night at 7:30. All of thememfers of the Legion are expectedJUDGES AT CATTLE SHOWW. A. Thomason and Henry S.Caywood, of North Middletown,have sent their acceptances asjudges at the big cattle show to beheld November 23 and 24 at theBourbon Stock Yards, in LouisvilleResponses received to invitationssen out all over the State indicate50c75c$1:00THE PAIRto turn out for this meeting. Very that the attendance will be largerimportant matters of business willTae taken up. Final .arrangementswill be made for the big parade and.patriotic celebration Saturday.than any similar event held in-theState for,, .many years. over-?5,imuio. prizes will be awarded: im differ-.ent classes. . , . .ulrSilk Clocks and Fancy MixturesSee North WindowkFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSv.w)xNs-. -..-;.SSf-.srf.ffrZvinPAGE TWOT-l ' !'" IP) 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYV; -l r-M ' " ' 'II '- TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1M1m- -4 yTHE BOURBON NEWSpttetttiked 18ri-41 Years of Continnous PublicationNiliihed Every Tuesday and Fridayftt Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.PWIET dDLMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,pMtoffie as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OUi FOREIGN EEPEESENTAx TIVES.New York American Press AssotiatioiL Chicago Lord & Thomas.Phikdelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati--Blaine Thompson CoLenisville Lowman-lliillican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pernch for first time; 50 cents per incheach' subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per linebach, issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andSimilar matter, 10 cents per line."Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any "advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesfaiust invariably, be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation.which may appear in the columnsof 'THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor. "EDITORIAL FLINGSKaiser Wilhelm is going to getmarried again this month. Rightout of one war into another, itseems.Many a man's sense of humorpermits his wife to imagine herselfthe boss of Jihe establishment. Itmight just as well be that way, asthe "easiest' way out."Our modern realistic novelistsare' giving us some very truthfulphotographs of sewers and gutters.Meanwhile Nature gives us dawnsand sunsets which, if not artistic,are very satisfying and soliciting.0The hoot owl is a mournful birdAnd wierd to hear at night.He perches on the tree limbAnd awakens you, in frightsBut he is like a lot of menFor all his ghastly criesHis voice is all he hasAnd he is only pocket size.Dr. Frank Crane, the eminentspecialist, says: "God forbid thatI should ever own a newspaper orattempt to manage one. It takesvaster quantities of both courageand tact than I possess." Strange,indeed that so many others havehad the courage (or the foolhardiness) to attempt it!The wholesale optical association-has declared against the return oflong skirts for women. This is asmean a thing as when the undertakers association in convention atAtlantic City after the war passeda, resolution asking the governmentto bring back all the soldiers whoirere killed in Europe.The prospect of having turkeyfor Thanksgiving in the averagehome isnot very flattering at thistime, as prices are high and stillraising, with a reported shortagein the Southern crop. The Kentucky crop is about normal, but-with the shortage elsewhere weshall have to be thankful for a nicefat little hen. with some oysters on.the site.We see in the daily papers thatwomen are more than holding theirown just at this time. We notethat there are fifteen women beingtried in different parts of the coun-ry foe the murder of men, whileonly seven men are being tried forthe murder of women. Compared-with the same week last year itgeems the women are gaining "at theratio of two to one.It has been said by an expertthat mt one American in fifty canname all the" Presidents of theUnited States in their order. Andyet there are hundreds of peopleright here in Paris who can givethe batting averages of all the base"ball teams, and call the roll of themoviag picture stars and staresses.Nothimg is more needed right nowthan a little honest-to-goodnessl.tea&hiag of American history andtraditioa.oAlut tiie only time the averagemam aa his wife agree is when theyafre U get marriedPARIS HIGHTHE EYES AND THE MOVIESDo the movies hurt the eyes?"If they do it is usually due toJthe fact that the eyes themselvesare defective.Years ago, in the days of the ,nickelodeon, most moving pictureswere mechanically imperfect, manyof the films giving a sort of a rainstorm effect. The machines werenot firmly anchored and there wasmuch vibration. Such picturescould easily cause serious eye strain,The modern moving picture can-not be considered a cause of eyestrain. Of course, it should beviewed under favorable conditions.UUC &UUU1U UUL OIL Uil ct 1CVC1 IUWC1than the picture, nor too close tolH M V .! 3 4- -.5- X A 1 -.! 1 J. -...SIMthe screen, nor outside of an angle appreciate tneSe items, taken at herd was of the celebrated Duchessof thirty degrees to the plane of the random from a copy of THE BOUR- of Goodness family. He also rescreen. If one sits well back in the BON NEWS, of Wednesday, March ceived at the same ime other cupshouse' on a level or above the screen 23, 1881: and pitchers from the Warren counand directly in front of the picture fv nhiM nniivtliere can be no eye-strain if one'seyes are free from defect.It is safe to say, if your eyes arenot comfortable at the movies, youreyes are at fault anil not the picture.The moving picture is a sort of aneye device. If one's eyes are defective, the moving picture- disclosesthat fact.When we consider that seven people out of every ten have defectiveeyes we realize the importance ofmodern optometric work in the conservation of vision.Better Vision Week is to be ob-served throughout Kentucky Novem-;ber 6th to 11th. Addresses will bemade in the principal cities by lead-ing optometrists.Dr. R. C. Augustine, Past Presi-dent of the American Optometric As-sociation, will deliver a series of ad- A Paris wag says, "Off-utt itdresses in a number of cities during . don't take hard work to climb thatthis week. Dr. Augustine is the legislative Hill, I don't know whatleading exponent of a square deal it do take."for the school child and has spoken ' If you want to vote for the railin more than one hundred and fifty road, do so; and if you don't. ACanadian and American cities. i great many people expect to don'txThe Kentucky Optometric Associ-j Charlton Alexander purchased theation is sponsoring this great cam- Ben stipp farm in tne ciintonvillepaign which has for its object the precinct, at $68 per acre, for 140education of our people to the value ' acresvl visiou auu me miyui iim;e uiproper eye-care.o-NATI0NAL HOME TOR CHAMBEROF COMMERCEAmerican business is soon to-.---., . .,liovu o now $9. Rftft OHO homo m trioNational Capital, 'word has justreached the Paris Commercial Club. , .. . .... . citement instead of the quiet elec-the construction of the building to .. ... x ,, , , . jtion which was expected,be occupied as headquarters in , . T . . .. . J Frank Harper, of Midway, hasas ing on y i priced Ten Broeck, nine years old,Commerce of tihe United States. . ' - '-err , u v i n v .JDy ImP- Phaeton, at $75,000. It fsWork on the building will begin , ' ;, TA i .. 'thought some Kentucky editor willimmediately. It is hoped to com-! ... .. . r, , .. . f... . -soon gobble the roadster up.xl.u . ui... uvm-iw ,,...... .w.Iwelve months time. Alreadybuildings which occupied the site,including the old home of DanielWebster, have been razed to makeroom for the new' headquarters.The corner-stone for the newbuilding was laid recently duringthe tenth annual meeting held un-der the auspices of the NationalChamber.Present and former Sec-.retaries of the Department of Com -rmerce and leading business men!,from all over the country participated in the ceremonies. Thespeakers were Secretary of Commerce and Labor Charles Nagel, L.S. Gillette, chairman of the build-jng committee, Harry A. Wheelerand Joseph H. Defrees, former president of the Chamber.BOY SWALLOWED ELECTEICLIGHT BULBHarry JLee Waterfield, 10-year-oldson of Mrs. Lois Waterfield, of Mur -ray. Ky., who swallowed an electriclight bulb, while repairing-a flashlight, has felti no inconveniencefrom it, alhough it has been in hisstomach several days. The boyplaced the bulb in his mouth forsafekeeping and swallowed it whenhis mind became centered on thework of repairing the light.oThe Unattainable.Jud Tunkins says a circus posterillustrates some folks' Idea of a beautiful world and a happy existence.Washington Star.SCHOOL FOOT BALL TEAM, 1922D'YE MIND THE TIMEYXTTiA'M TVincn Tli i-n rea TTnTinanorl T-mnMW- -p ., m ,,, mwr?NEWS- Files?1DA.yg DF ATJLD LANG- SYNE-There's no denying that to most0f us there is a certain satisfactionin reviewing' the events of long ago, 'as they are presented to us, eithercasually or by force of some remin-iscent strain of the moment. Andto those who lived here in the longf the recalling of events in thes f Par affords a peculiar- w - w - V.. . " JC -haps, more than we who haveP-rrvwm liRPri in thp nlri nlan.P. willDr. .0. H. Buck, of Ohio, ishereInn n visit-diary made the second and successor. Barnes has been very ill for ful- attempt at burning the largeseveral days. .'livery stable rented by James S.Mrs. Gus Pollock has gone on avit lu uwiuumci, at majrnciu, xvy.Capt. James M. Thomas left yes-terday morning for New York, onrailroad business.Dr. Cox, of Lexington, will'preach in the Christian church, thiscity, next Sunday.Rev. S. F. Taylor, of the Baptistchurch; preached on "Man's ChiefEnd," on Sunday morning last,Mrs. John Moreland's farm wasbid to $3.50 per acre, at a publicrenting Saturday, and was takendown.a ua aiViof -Qcmarchingaround, the band begins to play-thus it is with Hill and the othercandidates.. Arthur Keller, recent graduate at'((he wife of T R Roche of Paris aJ a Louisville law school, has located' firgt t,ornn Rhnwhnn Station fnr fho r-ran-.. ... .itice of his profession.1The legislative canvas is bettingI u here and the boys areloolrinf forwnrrl to oomo littlo o-v. ml, ,,,, n.An1An,n y l.r.,1,1j.uc JUUU& 5CUUCUICU ui uuiui-ana, will give a fashionable, -hop atAolian Hall, on Friday night. April1st, for benefit of Cynthiana Orchestra. Admission $1.50.Kelly Brent, Emmett Dickson,Major John B. Holladay. Frank'Armstrong and the other candidates!are following the show around atthe different precincts.j Dan Dailey, a brakeman on Dick' .... , . .. . ,RstAn's frpiernt wninn -mTrrnorl V10, ... .track near Maysville, on Monday,fell under the train and got his legso mashed that amputation wasnecessary. jHenry Singer has sold his farmof 41 acres, to Matt Howard for $4,-' T mi,A . a u . . i iAnA , ' . .. ' i Judge Clarke held thauthe clerk000, and will move to Scott county.!. , ,,,. .. . . ..,-. e. .. . . ihad no authority to place the nameMr. Singer, it will be remembered,! . MA.An1. .-. - . -- , . . . ,, . ., . i of candidates on the ballot for thehad to pay big money for striking . , . ,. x, r . , x- . - &i November election and that thea. muiciLtu gin ol Lnis city.Senator John S. .Williams passedthrough here Monday with a scrap- "e. "-r r n eye, the present incumbent who wag!havinf wePfc hls eyes almost out.;elected fQr twQ &nd' oyer the crownmg .sheep-killing act successor shaU have been electedI C 1J X 1 J 1 !-OI"lu ranone.! Th& vetera edlfr lol ; Craddock.has kept his bead to MillersburgI unusually hot the past few days.)I Tf- llOO TrtrtT n nnnnKAn -k? 3A11.AU "BO "cc" rt i"" " uuuut,whether it was his sours-sal vaion,or his heart's pactification, in whichhe has been so deeply interested.John C. Young, of Danville, 'willlecture at the court house to-nightand to-morrow night,from "TheLost Arts," and "The Rocks Ahead." : up fKe street he ran gleefullyHe charges fifty cents for the same into the house, exclaiming, "Ohmothleciure here that he charges twen- er, mother, here comes my auntie me,"ty-five cents for at North Middletow - 7George Martm, tne popular youngl-.-i.olr am on rt-rt riaTf .TnVlTITI io "HTni-tin's passenger train, is acting con-ctor prollemf .'" ?ick fte?'place on the freight train, duringDicl's absence while he is off a fewdays, in consequence of some severebiuises, from the jumping train onMonday.G. M. Bedford received- last Sat-urday from the Agricultural StateBoard i Columbus. O., the cup hewon last fall on tne best nerd 0fcatUe bred and owned by Exhibitor,This .g tfae firgt ingtance we know ofoffamily bred and owned by one man,ever WOn SUCh UOnorS. Mr. JU. SJOn Saturday night last, an mcen-Offutt. About 12 o'clock the firewas discovered, but the fire 'enginebl()ke somethingf of COUrse, and theflames soon lapped out the inflama-ble stable, together with the resi-dence adjoining, belonging to Mrs.Kelley. There were seven head ofhorses consumed in the flames;among them two horses belongingto Henry Turney, one valued at $1,000, one valued at $300, togetherwith his new $300 buggy, $50,sleigh, sulky and several sets ofharness; W. B. Smith, three finehorses; Mr. Tipton, of New York,one horse that he gave$200 for afew days ago; Ed. S. Ford, onehorse, and Mrs. Kelley, who losesher comfortable two-story brickresidence. None of the propertywas insured. Mr. Offutt lost a largelot of feed, harness and other articles. H. C. Sharp has been appointedgauger for Clay Bowen's distillery,at Ruddles Mills, and will go onduty this week.James Haslip, a brakeman onCaptain James Winston's freighttrain had both feet cut off by thecars Thursday last."Rom. on Fridav nie-ht last, toDouglas Thomas, ' North Middle-town, Ky., has sold to G. N. Brag-eWf chicag0) Jll8f the cnestnut&elding See Saw, by Darlbay, damby American Clay. Record 2:27,and price $3,000.SCHOOL COMMISSIONERS HOLD- 0FEICE TO 1923.The 1922 act relating to theelection of school trustees repealsthe 1920 act and school commissioners now in office will hold untilthe provisions of the 1922 act become operative in 1923 the Courti of Appeals held in overruling themotion to dissolve the temporary injunction granted Nick Reidin theBath Circuit Court enjoiningCounty Clerk Cole Barnes placingi the names of- candidates on he. ballot. -The order was written by JudgeErnest Clarke and was concurredin by Chief Justice Rollin Hurtand Judges Gus Thomas and Chas.ATnnrmnn.Circuit Judge of Bafah county didright in issuing the restraining order..TiifJp-A ninrtia nlcn Violrl fh, w. 0 ,.o vj "1U fciitn.and Qualified" under the act of1920 j! remaill ,n Qfflceof diyideg. tneftllTlf. B . . ow ,. . . .lK3 WCUiUCDoperative."MeV Arrival.Barbara had been named for. her' "iamotner an aunt in Wisconsin.I Cn nna rnaenn yitViIIa vfatflnnr In V&-m u " s "!UBGRADES? 1CH00001fiThe following is the honor rollfor the months of October of theLittle Rock; Graded School:Primary Department ElaineBrierly, 94 1-3; Woodrow Hinkle,94; Juanita Lowry, 92 2-3.Intermediate Department Julian Reid, 93 3-4; Rachel Banister,929; Christine McKenzie, 98 718;J. T. Hinkle, 92 7-8.Grammar and High School Department Elizabeth Sue Thomas,96 5-7; Nancy B. McClure, 93 3-7;Boyd Caywood. 92 2-3.LOSTAt Paris High School, or on thestreets of Paris, a diamond ring,with small set. Finder please leaveat THE NEWS office and receive reward. PLANT BULBS NOWJust received direct from Holland,Tulips, Hayacinths. Narcissus, Jon-jquils and Crocus. Come and getyours to-day.J. SMITH,Cumb. Phone 915 Second Street.(nov3-3t)FOR SALE.One-ton Ford truck, in good con-dition. Call either phone 221.(3-2t)CAHAL BROS.BABBEB SHOP4r-WHITE BABBEBS-4Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSnPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916Capital$60,000.00SURPLUS.$26,000.00'I.JL"OFFICERSFrank' P. Kiser, PrMldeatB. I. Wttthers, Vlc PrwHhat17. Tfl. "Mitchell. CasklerJbo. W. TtrkM, AjwH'CMhUrDab pMd( Jr., BookhMptr. . .june 3t, isaJIUJIUJIr JMJlilrr I4-U! JWUJLFARMERSiiTry Us With That Next Job!We Print :AnythingAny TimePRINTINGTHE NEWS JOB"WffvfwIWttviWe HandleI ElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas .Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.tT. W,MAIN STREETFOR SALEGood gas heating stove.WM. S. DALE,At Dale Restaurant. Main St.(nov3-2t)Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate, of Richard Strother, deceasedr are hereby requested to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersfgnedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said Richard Strother, arehereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness. NEWTON STROTHER,Administrator of Richard Strother.(10-lmo)5INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.LexhigfonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. mm6:00 p. m!7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.:2j! a- m12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m J10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTI0N & TEEMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)BRIGHTBILi- aJVVJVmir?Just HistoryIn 76 tThe Colonial DameSpnn her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860 ;In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestiBy Coal Oil lightAnd later on,How time doei putHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But' tit' girl of to-dayWho wants her hone bright,Jmst presses a bitternAad has Eleetrio lightParis Ga$& Eke trk Co.All WorkDeliyeredOn TimeDEPARTMENTiAit AiTi flit 4 A fifl f"All Kinds ofNovelties !SPICERorr. court house jfmmSCL -"" mum""" minif---5O-s -t'I.- Wja "V i", ""T: K-vr C'"" " ss " "-r-; ; -xr"" - -jTV- -j..- -,JVs. 1, r- -"? -,- An. -2; r ""- . -I.- .-TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7," 1922-lyiMUffliWHI 1.WI1 THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTDCK1PAGETSsnt&TUCKER, (L. H.) OF PARIS FOOT BALL TEAMPULLING POLITICAL BONESDON'T GIVE YOUR FRIEND "ALITTLE SHOT"The public man that makes aThe giving away of a drink of "break" has a hard time to outliveliouor is in violation of the 1920 it and is apt to be often remindedprohibition law, the Court of Ap- of the blunder by a perverse public,peals held in reversing the decision' Not only this butt often it has hapof the Shelby Circuit Court in the pened that a candidate for officecase of the Commonwealth vs. Tom owed his defeat to an unfortunate"Wells. sliP of ye tongue.Wells was indicted on a charge When a Kentucky .Congressmanof giving one-fourth of a pint of referred to a former Russian provliquor to Lason Roberts in Shelby jince now independent-'as "Lythooncounty last January. The trial , ia," he gave utterance to somethingcourt is said to have sustained the thatJ will be remembered and redemurrer to the indictment on tne . called long after his office acts areground that the indictment did not : forgotten.charge a public offense or in other! Still fresh in the minds of thewords that it was not unlawful for . public is the blunder of a Kentuckya person to give away intoxicating ! Senator who when presented by ad-liquor.The opinion, whichwas handedmiring women at a speaking appointment with a bunch of chrys-down by Judge Charles Moorman;1 anthemums, unfortunately referredstates that the seventh amend- !"to the posies as "beautiful roses"ment to the Kentucky Constitution, and dilated on their "fragrance."which prohibits the manufacture, Although it happened tiwentysale or transport of intoxicating , years ago the "break" of a wellliquor, does not restrict the power known State politician and stumpof the Legislature in dealing with speaker is not forgotten. In anthe subject of- intoxicating liquor, oratorial flight he got his Hamletbut leaves to the legislature "a rea- twisted and inadvertently substisonable discretion in the selection 'tuted "Broncho" for "Banquo" inof the method and means of prohib-' the celebrated lines of the play.ltmg the use ot intoxicating liquors p0r a long time the sobriquetfor beverage purposes." "Broncho" clung to him.A Shelby county candidate oncebrought down the crowded courthouse when in making a sarcasticrflfnronofl r an rrTrTi o "ha "null-Tnrhictrirms "mpn nnrl wnmpn iwanted to retail the genuine at-Td" a much-used phrase by sayingkins Products in city territories. ! now "let the 'galded' jade 'winch.'"Exceptional opportunity to tie up J owith oldest and largest company of j RHEUMATISMits kind. Our hustlers average in- 77""-mmp is Si .10 an hour. Are vou do-' Do you know that rheumatisming as well? If not, write to-day cured s0 tnat 70U can beAGENTS WANTEDfor free samples and particulars.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.,Dept. 82, Memphis, Tenn.(nov3-tf)oMEMORIAL STATUE TO PRESIDENT TATTERSONThe sum of $750 toward the pro-your own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'si great Remedy, Radio-Active MlwoIgco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for litera-jture.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.posed $10,000 memorial statue to J obe erected to Mie memory of the TOBACCO POOL OPPONENTS CIRlate President Emeritus James K. f CULATE UNTRUTHSPatterson of the University of(Kentucky, has been raised by the It is being circulated by the enalumni of Denver, Colo., according emies of the tobacco pool that theto a letter received at the Universi-' officers of the Association are paidty from Chas. R. Brock, of Denver, enormous salaries, and tire expenseswho is chairman of the Patterson will eat up the larger part of thememorial fund committee. No gen- growers' money. All this is beingeral appeal has yet been made to. told to dissatusty the individualthe alumni for contributions. poolers. It has been -proven thatthis present plan- of th Associationis far the cheapest to market tobacco both for the seller and buyerthan any plan in the history of thetrade. Remember, this plan haseliminated the spectators, middlemen and hordes of hangers-on in thetrade. There is now only" one buyer and one seller.Over $5,000 in PrizesFAT AND FElfNG CATTLESH8W AND SALEBourbon Stock YardsLOUISVILLE, KY.November 23 and 24, 192230 carloads of choice Kentuckyand Tennessee fat steers.also25 carloads of Prime Baby Beevesfed by the Boys' and Girls' Clubswill compete in the Junior Agricultural Club Exhibit.. FEEDERS.Liberal prizes will bring manycarloads of fancy feeders.25 Registered Hereford, Shorthorn and Angus bulls will be offered from Kentucky's leadingherds.BOURBON STOCK YARDS CO.Educational and Interesting.Plant This FallFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything . for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the most complete nursery hook erer issued Inthe South. It is free for the asklnff.He F. Hilleraeyer & SensBLUE GIASS HWM1IES, ', LtxiBftoaj-XftatMky.COMMENDS PAPERS FOE BIBLICAL DISPLAYCommendation of the newspapersof the country has been voiced in aresolution adopted by the Federation of Churches of Greater Cincinnati. More than 1,200 newspapers inthis country, including many of thedailies, have shown a remarkablespirit of co-operation in the publication of the selected portions ofthe Bible, generally at the head ofPERSONALSMrs. Drusie Bedford Spears, ofIowa, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Ben Woodford, Sr.Miss Iva Roberts has returnedfrom d visit to her parents, in Flem-ingsburg.Hugh Brent, little son of Mr.and Mrs. Hugh Brent.-is confined tohis home with an attack of diphtheria. Prof. Ritchie, superintendentof the Corbin Public Schools, was abusiness visitor in Paris Friday andSaturday.' Miss Elizabeth Johnson, .of.Hamilton College, was a guest ofMiss Mary Ellis from Saturday toyesterday.Miss Minerva Stockton has returned to her home in Maysville after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W.Davis, Jr., in this city.Mrs. Nathan Bayless, Sr., is apatient at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, where she wastaken Friday for treatment.Mrs. Logan Bryan has returned to her home in North Middletown, after a visit to her parents,Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons, in Georgetown. L. A. Soper, who has been veryill at his home on Fifteenthstreet, from blood poisoning, is impioving, and is thought to be out ofdanger. "Mrs. Spears Moore has returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs.J. W. Wise, in Cincinnati, who isgradually improving from her recent serious illness.Mrs. E. T. Oldham has returned to her home in Stamping Ground,Scott county, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Chas. R. Parrent, at theirhome on Houston avenue.A. M. Houston, who has been apatient at the Massie MemorialHospital, for some" time, where heunderwent a serious operation, hasreturned to his home in this city.Mrs. Lizzie Clay, Mrs. Thompson Tarr, Miss Birdie Clay Webb,and John M. Clay were recentguests at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Dan Kimbrough, near Cynthiana.Prof. E. T. Proctor, formerlyprincipal of the Paris High School,was a guest of friends in this cityseveral days the past week, returning Sunday to his home in Paducah.Rev. O. B. Crockett, pastorof the Paris Methodist church, wasin Louisville several days the pastweek, in the interest of the educational work of the Methodistchurch.Reynolds Letfcon and Jesse R.Letton, of Paris, attended the banquet given at the Lafayette Hotel,in Lexington, Friday night by theKentucky Shorthorn Breeders' Association. Mr. and Mrs. M. E. McCurdyentertained very informally withrook at their home on Pleasantstreet as a courtesy to their guest.Miss Lucille Franks, of Talladega,Alabama.Mrs. Katherine Reading hasreturned to the home of her sister,Mrs. Newton Mitchell, on Duncanavenue, after a month's visit withfriends and relatives in WestPoint, Miss.Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Ardery,Jr., and Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Ardery,Jr.. attended the football game atLexington Saturday afternoon between University of Kentucky andCentre College.Miss Margaret Hill, who spentthe week-end with her mother,Mrs. Daisy Margolen, returned yesterday morning to her school dutiesat the Kentucky College for Women, at Danville.W. H. Harris, formerly ofParis, now freight agent for the L.& N. at Lexington, is in Milan, Indiana, on a visit and will spendseveral days on a fishing and hunting trip before returning.At the election of sponsors forthe cadet battalion of the University of Kentucky, held in Lexington, Saturday, Miss Margaret MaryLavin, of Paris, was chosen as spon-soi for tine Second Platoon, Comtpany A.Miss Alma Louise Goldstein,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. CharlesGoldstein, of Paris, who is attending the Cincinnati Conservatory ofMusic, was one of the soloists recently at a radio concert given inthe Crosley Radio Studio, Cincinnatii.Mrs. C. E. Wilson, who hasREV. B. M. BRIDGESGIVES FACTS INHIS CASEIt is doubtful if there has everbeen a madicine endorsed by somany ministers of the Gospel ashas Tanlac. Indeed, there is scarcely a faith, creed or denomination inall the land in which one, or more,of the clergymen has not publiclyexpressed their indebtedness to thePremier Preparation for the benefits they have derived from its use.One of the latest to speak out inthis connection is Rev. B. M.Bridges, a widely known and beloved Baptist preacher, ' residing atMooresboro, N. C, whose statement follows:"Tanlac has given me a good appetite, toned up my system and renewed my strength in such a gratifying way that I am glad to recommend it to anyone who is in a rundown condition. For ten years pastI have had such a severe case ofindigestion thati I could not findanything to eat that agreed withme. Finally I became very nervousand could get but very little sleepor rest."It seems that I took nearly everything trying to get myself right.I can say from experience thatTanlac is a splendid medicine andtonic, for it built me up wonderfully." Tanlac is sold by all good druggists.McDANIEL'SIntroductory SaleOFReady-to-Wear, FurnishingsShoes and Dry Goods(For the Whole Family)621 Main St.E. T. Phone 1234JOINT DEBATES PASTPolitical joint debates no longerfeature campaigns as they formelydid and nowadays it is a rarity foropposing party candidates to meeton the stump for a joint discussionof the issues. Occasionally nowone candidate may challenge hisopponent for a joint debate butseems understood beforehand thatthey will not get together.The joint debate becomes decadent with the extension and development of the rival party organizations along more practical lines.Now an objection urged against thejoint debate by one side is that itwould draw a crowd for the other.Up to 1895, even the candidates forGovernor were accustomed to meetin joint debate, and in that year P.Wat Hardin, Democrat, and Wm. O.Bradley. Republican, faced eachoOher in memorable events at Louisville and Eminence.Not only wasit- customary forrival party candidates to speakfrom the. same platform, but oftenthey traveled together to fill campaign appointments. James B. McCieary, Democrat, and John Harlan, Republican, traveled over theState together as rival candidatesfor Governor, stopping at the samehotel and sleeping in the samebed.Governor McCreary was very fondof telling of an incident that happened during that campaign. Hesaid that he and his opponent hadjust retired when Mr. Harlan remarked: "The next Governor ofKentucky is in this bed," when thebed broke down and Mr. Harlanrolled out on the floor."The next Governor is still inthis bed," was the timely rejoinder of Mr. McCreary, as related byhim.$nr "'W Y$J'flflb 11 llMHMOT B. -We inviteYour Account.Earning money and not having a pass bcok is likebuilding a house and not putting a roof on it. Money inthe bank makes a shelter for you and your family wheii the"rainy day" comes. If you have no bank account STARTone. If you have a bank account strive to INCREASE theBALANCE of your credit as much as you can while youcan. We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany" GOLD IN Ts - l HEAD ' ',is an acute attack ot .-sal Catarrh.Those subject to fixcut "colds in thehead" will find that u e :se of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE viil build up theSystem and render th-m less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE Istaken Internally and acts through the.Blood on the Mucous surfaces" of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.v F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo. Ohio.IF NEWSPAPERS 'WERE WRITTEN LIKE MOVIESJudge says if newspapers werebeen quite ill at the home of Mr. written like movies are shown we'dand Mrs. Charles N. Fithian, onPleasant street, is improving. Mrs.Wilson lately moved to Paris, whereher husband is the new manager ofMetropolitan Life Insurancetheir editorial columns, a federationofficial said."No greater service can be ren- thedered by the press in the making of Co.'s office.good citizenship than by mculcat- The annual banquet of Woing a practical application of the ( men's Pan-Hellenic Association oftanTiin nf thA Master as found in! the University pf Kentucky wasthe sermon on he mount," the resolution stiated.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESgiven Friday evening in the ballroom of the Lafayette Hotel, inLexington. Miss Louise Connell, ofParis, members of the Kappa Deltafraternity, was the toastmaster,prsiding with grace and ability.She welcomed the guests and introduced the speakers. An interest-For your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply J0! ing ceremony was the awarding of.. J . 4-t-rmn rpVilaWltn one or a uozeu ui. nc. - the silveris a fine linen Dona paper ana aosolutely lintle&s.THE BOURBON NEWS,btrophies.The LambdaAlpha tJhap'ter was presented byi'Miss Connell with the basketball'cup, which is now theirs to keep,What the world needs to-day is rTmore faith in human- nature, and the most dellgtnfui and brilliantlew in he jpower of money.events of the autumn, about"threehundred guests being in attend-We suppose that a, prohibition ance.oftcer could be called a dry cleaner: (Otfcsr Personals mm Pat? i)have this:(Reported by Benny Blanks.)(Written by Samuel Simple.)(Headlines by Harold Halfwit.)(Personal direction of Tom Tipler, Managing Editor.)(Linotype work by Steel Stupid.) (Proof read by Virgil Vacuum.)(Make up by Danny Dumbbell.)(Stereotyping by Sammy Sapp.)(Press work by Percy Persimmon.) i (Art work by Larry Languid.,)(Newsprint by Chargem PaperCo.)(Ink by Gray Gravel Co.)(Distributed by Union News Co.)Approved by Bummer EditorialCouncil.)(Copyright 1922.)oBeautiful Tribute to Mothers.A mother was given to man to reconcile him to the loss of-immortality,for it is in her lova that ws-find $-nity. Iiouto li JNotkin.Place Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsBourbon NurseriesiHHMHIIIII 1 1-1 1 I'M ft I ! !! 1IIIIIMIHH I MGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceDay137BOTH TELEPHONESNight 1, ,atit,t.t.Aiii.A,,.fc-.....TTmMMMt?Change of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.'Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedPatronize Bourbon News AdTertMcrs.S.-r) v."",- h" - ,iiz&t&M rvr FAGE FOUR-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1922:liJ1t'('it18'1IssXECTUEE ASSOCIATION FORMEDAt a meeting of Central Kentucky Jeducators, held Saturday in the office'PRAISES BASIL HAYDEN ATJOOTBALL COACHCOMING ATTRACTIONS ATALAMO AND GRANDTHECharles Kenyon, who has written.Sunday's Lexington Leader pub1 1 T..1C i-n-.n mif fp "CoOll 1 1 ... ,1 A 1of - Superintendent M. A. Cassiday, "snea a large ua,ii.-Luue v,ui. . many siuge piays uu luuuameuLaiin Lexington Kentucky Lecture w- Hayden, of Paris, graduate of ly American themes is the authorAssociation, was formed by fourteen ' the Paris High School, together of the Goldwin production, "Theleads of schools in the Bluegrass with the followinS comment under Invisible power," which will beThe formal organization followed ! a .Winchester date line: j shown at the Alamo and GrandfiPvPrai -PiimiTiarv m - wWh ' "The early work of Basil W. Hay- this afternoon and night. Amonghave been held at the call of Su-,den' new 'field coach ab Kentucky his most SUccessfu plays' Wesieyan uonege, nas oeen reueu-1 "Kindling," which was played allled in the team's showing this year, -over t1he united States; "Husbandiricals being able to score against and -wife" ana "The Calm." Mr.REUGIOUSA. Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles For Present andFutureThe Epworth League of theParis Methodist church asks you toro solve the following. "11-13-22 dIus. . ,.. i. , . . i , ,il7Qn omioln 9perintendent Cassiday, who waiwas elected chairman of the Assomormn Tirirn UTrr I .aa uirnot- "" .0wuwiuu, "il" a. x wi. "t xj.nn.ijai, , i. i i it.. J,. n11fn ' . . . . ,rick, of Paris High School, as secre-itne Aiemoawi oniy uy m aix -- .Kenyon is a memoer or tne liomtary When the grid season ends Hayden wyn scenario staff.The purpose of the Association lagans to build from the veteran net The new Paramount picture,to bring leading educators of Amer-! ers. le" ov!r 'r Jf8' y"J a, "Across the Continent," Starring. InTiammnneliitl nnfikpr. ball team. Ttrollonn "Dn?1 will Vio oVinxtrrt of Tiim tn i.pntrnl KPnriiPlrv citioa fnr """"t"""i"'i' . vv anac J-1"! '"" " duwuxi wi. umslppfurpq tViici -uMntor A cnoro-ocf nrl PUltlHgintoafter-basket ballU 4-Vta rooiiltc nf his .11 j -1 j j ..a ono-o-Acf uuLLiug luw 11. i." mv . 'Aiamo anu urauu iw-muuuwn. oufefcotcu. . .lt. x-u- TTi-rroiftr nf , ...., , , ,list of speakers from whom the ' expeneiu WTXT 7 J, inoon ana nisnr' ll 1S Deyonalecturers will probably be selected Kentucky He was chosen all-( doubt the best automobile racingoouinem jluiwchu. m a.v. .story in wnicn tnis popular stara graduate 01 tue umaa uj. j. ai. has been seen. it involves a cross-was submitted, including some ofthe most noted educators and lecturers in the United States.Among those who attended themeeting were Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, superintendent of the Parisschools; Prof. J. W. Lancaster, ofthe Millersburg High School. Prof.Kirkpatrick, of the Paris HighSchool, who was elected secretary ofthe Association, will correspondwith the prospective speakers andwith the cities interested, and willreport the results of his correspondence at a meeting of the department of superintendents, at Frankfort on December 15 and 16.A committee composed of J. W.Ireland, of Frankfort, Mark Godman, of Shelbyville, A. K. McKenee,of Harrodsburg, C. F. Martin, ofjOwingsville, and J.Kentucky, and lives in Paris. cohtinent race wherein Mr. Reid,Athletic Director J. B. Sibley is en-.playing the son of Theodore Rob(husiastic about his first work asfootball mentorEMPHASIZING THE CRADLEROLLerts, the manufacturer of the poorjnan's car, drives the little motor,known as the "DenV throughwind, rain, fire and across mountains, rivers and deserts, on to victory, defeating all contestants.Mary MacLaren, leading womanPAY YOUR GAS AND ELEXJTEICBELLSNDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it o'ff if save3 us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)DOFT PUT IT OPPOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can make,your selection "now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold outCome In, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE UOUKBON NEWS JOBPARTMENT.DE-The General Sunday SchoolBoard of the Methodist church has and former star, supplies the ro-taken a unique method of- ,empha- niance and shows no little plucksizing the Cradle Roll department t by sitting at the star's side asof the church. In the main office 'mechanician as he steers over theat Nashville is a painting of Lake 'roads at a terrific pace. Others inJunaluska, showing bed of lillies in the cast! are Betty Francisco. Walthe center. In each lily is a tiny ter Long, Lucien Littlefield, 'Jackpicture of an "official baby" repre-. Herbert, Guy Oliver and Sidneysenting the heads of the various D'Albrook.Conferences of the General Sunday! "Where Is My Wandering BoyW. Lancaster J School Board. , To-nignt.'" Tne worm-tamous Dal-For several years the represents- lad has been made into a photoplaytives from the Kentucky Conference , that, you will never forget. A storyhas been Master Elbridge Lee Snapp. . of Main Street and Broadway; ofof Millersburg, was appointed atthe meeting to work out the financial arrangements for the program.Central Kentnnkv nitfps iTifprosf-- son nf Mr. and Mrs. Elbridsre Snanp. dance halls, and swell cabarets: ofed in the movement are Danville: of Paris, and nephew of Dennis V. back-stage Johnnies and simpletons;Harrodsburg, Lancaster, Stanford, l-Snapp, Executive Secretary of the of soda fountains and a littleNicholasville, Lawrenceburg, Ver-j Kentucky Conference Sunday School church; of a mother and hersailles, Winchester, Midway, Frank- Board. This young man has now wayward son; of a country lass andfort. Flemingsburg, Mf . Sterling' passed the age for the Baby Roll a chorus girl.and another must be chosen. .As the ; A picture beautiful that you willrequest is made for a picture in the never forget. Thrilling tieyond1immediate family of the Executive words, romantic in every sense, huSecretary Mr. Snapp has this time man in every detail. A picturechosen a niece, Alice Frances Hon-, that is real so real -it will bringman, aaugnter or ivir. ana mra. ueai&, m. juy, iu yum vyva, auu seuuCharles G. Holliman, of Detroit, you away with a light heart, and aMich.Carlisle, Maysville, Cynthiana,Georgetown, Richmond, Millersburg, Shelbyville, Somerset, 'Sharpsburg, Owingsville a'nd Paris.-j.A POOR SORT OP JOKETO TURKEY RAISERSA few days ago, THE NEWSwas. called by telephone and givenwhat purported to be the secretwedding of two young Paris people,the party telephoning alleging thatthe wedding took place in Jeffer-sonville, Indiana, last August, and ithat for reasons best known toPL0UR MILL AND HEMP HOUSEthemselves the young couple ' did ! ON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOnot give publicity to the event un- AT OUR OFPICE BUILDING ONtil the "item" was given over the THIRD AND PLEASANT,' MON'hone. Later, an hour or so before n a v tttt? iq m? TarroT?'MBT?TJTHE NEWS' forms closed for that;wE j pAY THE HIGHEST:greater regard for your mother.Bring the family along with youdad and mother will enjoy thisone; brother and sister 'will'learn a lesson from it, too. Its aWE WILL BE BUYERS OP photoplay that reaches way downTURKEYS THIS SEASON AND, deep into the hearts of people, andWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OUR SivPS them a kindlier understanding with all mankind. Coming oneday only at the Alamo and Grand,next Thursday afternoon and night.730 equalsThe subjects for the revivalservices at the Presbyterian church,Tuesday, will be 10:30 a. m. "Omissions," and at 7:30 p. m., "TheBlessing That Awaits a Child ofGod In The Kingdom That Is ToCome." The morning service begins promptly and lasts for onlyforty-five minutes. This weekpromises to be the climax of the in-!terest manifested last week.Bishop's Day will be observedThursday at Winchester, and - allmembers of the Woman's Auxiliary,and others interested in the workof the Episcopal church organizations of the Bluegrass are invitedto attend. Communion will be celebrated at 10:30 a. m. in the Winchester church.Rev. W. E. Ellis, nastor of theParis Christian church, left yesterday for Glasgow, where he will 'conduct a series of revival meetingsat the Christian church. ,The regular meeting of theWoman's Guild of St. Peter's Episcopal church will be held ' in the 'church parlors to-day. It will be 'an all-day session, beginning at '10:30 o'clock. All theare urged to be present.omembersIMPERIAL POTENTATE AT LEXINGTON TO-DAYissue, the party, or some other, callI MARKET PRICE.Pfl flTlri Qtntorl thot "ha. nMnrr-nA ."item" had been given in as a joke. f ?' SPEAES & S0NS'FnrtunntPlir TTTTC -NTK1WG or, oc ' (nov7-tt)Rncninimic rf fha offm'w -Pv..,-. 4-1-.,. 1 O-uj1:,..uivsuu t. mc aiiuu 11U111 CllCvery start, and was only awaiting j NAVAL RECRUITING OPPICERSconfirmation. T0 yjgjrr. pAEISSuch "jokes" as these are likelyto cause trouble, and have been thecause of serious trouble in other cruiting officer will makeBAPTIST WOMEN'S MISSIONARYUNION TO MEETplaces. We warn such would-be-jokersto take their wares elsewhere.The nineteenth annual session ofthe Baptist Women's MissionaryUnion of Kentucky will convene at, Cynthiana Wednesday and Thursday. Arrangements have been madeto entertain about 300 delegates.Miss Jennie Graham Bright, StateBeginning yesterday a naval re-j Young Peoples' leader, and Missone-day Mary L. Davis, field worker, havel trips fromFrankfort.- oJOINT BOX SUPPERtne Lexington onice to been there for several days preparGeorgetown, Versailles, , ing for a pageant, which will beParis, Nicholasville and Winchester j presented Wadnesday night. Mrs. C.in the interest of navy recruiting, A. j w. Elsey. of Williamsburg, f orBishop, in charge of the office, an- merly of Cynthiana, is president ofnounced Saturday. The navy is the State union.now seeking quaiined men to enlistThere will be a joint box supper i in the trades of carpenter, blacknext Friday night, ovember 10, of : smith, boilermaker, coppersmith,the Houston and Clay's Cross Roads moulder, musician, yoeman andSchools, m the Clay's Cross Roads sheetmetal worker. The navy trade. ham. Ala. nrpsirlpnt nf tho Smith.school house. Mrs. Birdie Clay , schools are now open and good adr'ern Bantist. prmvpmHnn- nr n tvt. ,. i j .- i-:1. . 'iTnompson, state secretary of mis-Among the noted Baptist workers who will be there for the occasion are Dr. B.D. Gray, of Atlanta,Ga .; Mrs. W. C. James, of Birmine:-James S. McCandless, imperialpotentate of the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, accompanied by Mrs.McCandless, will visit Oleika Temple, in Lexington, to-day. Thepiogram for the day will include avisit to all the principal points ofinterest in and about Lexington,closing with a! reception and danceat night in, thej Phoenix Hotel ballroom, to jWiichj every Shriner andhis wife are invited.The home of the imperial potentate is Honolulu. He is touringthis country aid Canada in his official capacity. iThe Lexington committee on arrangements consists ofPotentate Gus L. Herman, "Dan M.Bowmar, L.;L. Roberts, Theo. Jones,jJohn G. Cramer, Fred Bryant, Wm.F. Clark, Ohas. A. Knight andClay Sutherland. For the receptionand officers and past potentates ofOleika Temple and their wives willfbe in the receiving line.After his visit the Imperial Po'tentafce will? visit Kosair Temple, inLouisville'."THE BANK OF SERVICE'The Test rf CharacterilTThe president of a big corporation gave thisnthis reason why his company employed salesmen on a commission basis only:It's the best test of character we can apply.If a man hasn't saved enough monev tocarry himself a month or so hs's rarely thekind who can measure up to the opportunitywe offer."Jlf Why not take a fixed amount out of yourji salary every pay day and put it to work inan interest bearing account at this bank?It will then enable you to grasp opportunitywhen it comes.tfTTPay yourself first-oilto do."-it's the sensible thingBourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust COhParis, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00ELECTRICAL WORKIWe repair and installJl all kinds of ElectricalEquipmentBell WorkHousewiringContractingFixturesAll Sizes BulbsOUR PRICES ARE RIGHT OUR WORK GUARANTEEDLET US GIVB YOU AN ESTIMATE ON YOUR WORKBLUE GRASS ELECTRIC CO.PARIS, KY. 425 Main St. CUMB. PHONE 500Webb and Miss Susie Clayteachers.are tne , vantages arelearn a trade.offered recruits toWARNINGCOLD WEATHER ISIS NOW 0$ ITS WAYr WE. SUGGEST- " THAT YOU SECUREWINTER NEEDS NOWMunsingweat,Unde:rwearSweaters, Knit GoodsBlanketsComfortsand.Wool Hosiery . 'PRICES ARE VERY REASONABLE .ATsions, and Dr. Victor I. Masters, editor of the Western Recorder.A number of delegates are expected to arrive Tuesday night,when an informal meeting and superintendent's conference will beheld. The convention proper beginsWednesday morning at the Baptistchurch.Styles - Fabrics - V aluesAre Three Big Factors in Our OvercoatsHANDSOME TRIGG HOME BURNED AT GLASGOWFire of undetermined origin Friday destroyed tihe home of Mrs. H.C. Trigg, at Glasgow, with a loss,of $40,000. The colonial mansion, known at the "Beeches" was located on the outskirts of town and thelocal fire department was unable toJ render material assistance.- Mrs. Trigg is the mother of Mrs.I Morgan Schuster. Many heirlooms'and laces collected by Mrs. Schuster while a resident of Persia, werej.consumed in the flames,j The blaze started in the second( story. Insurance of $15,00 wascarried. vTHOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance.- - - iji'SiwtfpmMRS. STEWART TO ADDRESSTEXAS EDUCATORS,' DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKY"&,Mrs. ,Cora Wilson" Stewart, of.Frankfort, Ky., member of the Najtional Elimination of Illiteracyj Commission, will be one of thespeakers of the Silver Jubilee ofWomen's Clubs meeting in Houston, Texas, five days next week.cpmmencmg Tuesday, according to;an announcement made by Mrs.iee Joseph, president of the Stateorganization.You don't have to be a secondChrisopher Columbus in order toujbuuyw iue lauiwoi yoxir1lloWs3! J STYLESIf you are looking for the latest in anOvercoat you can find it here. Along withconservative styles are shown fancy plaitedback coats some half and some all-aroundbelts. Best style artists in the countryhave designed our coats.FABRICSMaster weavers have declared these thebest fabrics they have ever woven. Good,,strong, sturdy all wool' maierial somewith plaid backs makes our overcoats oflong service. Newest colorings and patterns .are shown in abundance.VALUESThat's the big. factor and you will find itwell taken care of here. This season'svalues are the best we have ever offered.Let us overcoat you today. The pricesare right.$15,00 to $52.50WHIPCORD COATS $30.00These coats have just been received. They'reworth more, but owing to their late arrival weare selling them at a price. They are handsomely, tailored in the latest style raglanshoulders, belt all-around. Colors of tan andgrey in shower proof treated cloth. Just thecoat you want.R. P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris, Ky.' , Homer Plume 448 -.- Cumb. Phone 806men. 1.-. L.-r-- "NTp1 's ,. Xj'"&4 - --rK&r ?:NTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCMPACT UTSr- 'fT- -TtMWsay rWriyciL., , i- "GIFTS THAT LASTPERSONALSGOOD OYSTERSWe have a shipment every day !,Comings and Goings or Some Yon' Know anfl Others YonDon't.ctewing size and New York Counts.u. .f. UUUi & uu.BOYS' CORDUROY SUITSMade of Crompton's all-weathercorduroy, $S.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PURCHASE BAKERYThe nicest courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends isto let them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item of anykind. Telephone it to No.124.Hill & Linville, of Paris, havepurchased the bakery in Versailles'by "V. A. Howara, anu win ue givenpossession on January 1, 1923. Mr.Howara mu, u "-- "-" Mr. and Mrs. Matt Ti,rnv. nfbusiness ne win go mto. " "Georgetown, formerly of Paris; havei? at present conducting the Paris . , "C11 U1 rifia: vsis ai i"cf ?,-. - gone to Daytona Bear.h. -rm tnbranch of tne urury waiting uo.DON'T BURN LEAVESThe police department of Pariscalls attention to the city ordinanceprohibiting burning of leaves on thestreets of the city. Citizens are requested to observe this ordinance.Leaves make an excellent dressingfor soil, and should be used on gardens and lawns for that purpose.Don't burn them!NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.OWING TO SHORTAGE OP WATER WILL ASK ALL USE OF WATER EOR SPRINKLING BE DISCONTINUED. (7-2t) PARIS WATER CO.oA CORRECTIONFla.'joDaytona Beach,spend . the winter.A little' daughter of Mr. andMrs. Horace Sprake was taken tothe Massie Memorial Hospital yesterday, suffering with pneumonia.Mrs. Eva Dimmett, of Paris,assisted Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Traugott, of Lexington, with Hallowe'en party at their home in Lexington last week.iurs. Anna Brnberg, of BereaCollege, spent the week-end in ParisE TAL :t A;,WaIli? weMOi anniversary of Mru "uuic ui uci ijureuia, ivir. ana ippint of numbers, in the personellof its membership "and in the highcharacter of its programs.Ford Brent and Edward Burke,of Paris, were week-end guests ofMr. and Mrs. E.' M. Wallace, nearVersailles.Mrs. Robert C. Talbott andMrs. H. S. Towler left . yesterday'for a two-weeks' visit to friends inLouisville and vicinity.Mrs. John Mattox, Mrs. W. G.McClintock, Misses Vallette McClintock and Grance Haskins have returned from a motor trip to Cincinnati. Mrs. T. F. Burnett, Jr., of this'city, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. B. G. Guttery, at theirhome on East Lexington street, inDanville.Mr. L. J. Fretwell continuesvery ill of a complication of diseasesat his home on East Eighth street.His condition gives hisfriends much anxiety.Morris Price, who is attendingschool at Centre College, Danville,spent the week-end in Paris asguesti of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Lee Price, on Scott avenue.R. P. Dow, Sr., is ill at hishome in this city. At a recentmeeting of E. L. Dudley Post, G. A.R., of Lexington, of which Mr. Dowis adjutant, a committee was appointed to visit him this week.Mr. and Mrs. John WillieYoung, Tollie Young, .Mrs. CharlesC. Clark, Will Young, Nat Youngand Mrs. Maggie Young, of NorthMiddletown, attended the fiftiethandmanyAfro "NT "R "VMimc . iMrs. Thomas H. Clav Sr tdi l ' , .' AW ' J" Llie uume OIJm .t Wii co i ivir. ana Mrs. . . Prow tfant street.Drs. Kenney & Stoeckengernear Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Edward F.Young,Prichard, ofIn making up the forms for Friday's issue of THE NEWS, a linedropped out in fche report of theBourbon Gun Club shoot, in whichJames M. Caldwell was deprived ofcredit. Mr. Caldwell was winner ofthe fifth trophy, a fine turkey, donated by the Crombie Poultry Co.,making a score of 93 to 97.TURKEYSWE WILL OPEN TO RECEIVETURKEYS TOR THE THANKSGIVING MARKET COMMENCING ONMONDAY, NOVEMBER 13.BRENT & CO., (Inc.)(nov7-tf) Both Phones 14.o 'IT PAYS TO ADVERTISESome time ago Mr. C. M. Coffield,of Winchester, traveling for a largecutlery ' 'manufacturing concern,while motoring from Paris tD WinChester, lost a large roll of samplescissors from his car.Mr. Scoffield advertised his loss inTHE NEWS, and the same morningthe advertisement appeared in thepaper, the lost bundle was foundby a young man named Henry, andrestored to Mr. Coffield, who gladlypaid him the reward offered.The above only emphasizes a factthatws well-known to the people ofParis it pays to advertise in THENEWS.-o-TO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERS OFTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT t)UBFLOUR LULL AND HEMP HOUSEON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOAT OUR OFFICE BUILDING ONTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)TlPrfnrmod'lTI n-nnyn-Hsm e- 1 ':; . : " .. ii i emu vcti Paris, was one of the guests Friof tonsils for Mrs. Carl Crawford day afternoon at the tef given inyesterday morning at the Massie Frankfort by Mrs. Henry HougSMemorial Hospital The patient Roberts, for her daughter mSwas reported last night as resting Henry A. Wheeler, of Evanston, 111.The home was beautifully decorated for the occasion witih autumnleaves and fall flowers. JThe teatables was in yellow, with chrysanthemums and candles of that' shade.Ninety of the 164 Universityof Kentucky students trying outfor membership in the Strollers,campus dramatic organization,were declared eligibles at the amateur night performances last weekand will be given opportunity totry for the cast of the Strollerplay. The following Bourbonvery comfortably.James Higgins, of the BourbonSteam Laundry, attended the Latonia races Saturday. Mr. Higginswitnessed the spectacular fire whichdestroyed the four steamboats, Island Queen, Morning Star. Tacomaand Chris Greene, at the wharf inCincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. William Shell, ofLawrence, Kansas, were recent visitors in tJhis city. Mrs. Shell wasformerly Miss Nannie Edmonson, !daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JamesEdmonson, who resided on what is J county students were declared eligiuow .tianson street. Tnis is ner,hiA MisaMt rciiVnWV. T.iiioQfnn.. ..-.J UvV. JJi.H-UVU,first visit to her old home sinceleaving Paris forty years ago.Bourbon county Shriners willMary May. Frances Kenney, NancyStephenson, Laura Belle Smith.Virgil Chapman, of Paris, Asgo to Lexington to-day to take part I sistant General Counsel for the Bur-in the big reception to be tenderedby Oleika Temple ot Imperial Potentate M. S. McCandless and Mrs.McCandless, of San Francisco.ley Tobacco Association, was aguest recently of H. C. Bowen, InNewcastle, Ky., where he made anaddress to the tobacco growers. Mr.Mr. and Mrs. McCandless are just . nhnnman Vine hoon coionf a,. . TT ,..!.. , I w UV1V-V,,U W UCicLuiums liuul xiouuiuiu, ana are liver the address to the AmprirnTiLegion, in Winchester, Armistice"IT'S ALL OVER NOW'(Mt. Sterling Gazette)The Mt. Sterling team can beatMaysville or Cynthiana, either, anytime, anywhere, and both of themrealize it. President Russell -didnot want his "pets" to go againstHod Eller and the Essex in thefinal series, as he had the say as to"who won the last half of the pennant, Mt. Sterling lost out. Fearof the final test in. thechampionshiprace had a lot -to do with the President's decision in the minds ofmany impartial fans.HUNTING SEASON OPENS ONNOVEMBER 15making an official inspection tourover the United States.Lawrence A.- Soper, Jr., son ofMr. and Mrs. L. A. Soper, of Paris,,has been elected a member of theNational Advisory Council of theAlpha Sigma Chj fraternity. He isat present in New York City, connected with the Anti-Corrosion Engineering Company. Mr. Soper wasa graduate of the University of 'Kentucky in the class of 1922.To-morrow, Mrs. Wm. G. Simpson, formerly Miss Lizzie Nichols, ofParis, will have on display at herhome, No. 141 Barr street, in Lexington, a fine display of hand woven articles sent her by the womenof the Kentucky mountains) thecollection being the most beautifulshe has yet shown. Mrs. Simpsoninvites the ladies of Bourbon county to call and inspect the collection.The regular monthly meetingof Jemima Johnson Chapter,Daughters of American Revolution,was held Saturday afternoon, at2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs. J.H. Butler, on Vine street. Thehostesses were Mrs. Butler, MissiLorine Butler and Mrs. M. H. Dai-ley. Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr gavea very entertaining and able reportof the proceedings of the State D. A.R. Conference, held in Lexington,the past week. Mrs. Robert Jones,of North Middletown, favored theguests with two beautifully rendered solos. The most important business before the meeting was theelection of officers to serve during1922-1923. The balloting resultedin the following selections: Regent,Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr; First ViceRegent, Mrs. Cassius M. Clay; Second Vice-Regent, Mrs. Frederick A.Wallis; Third Vice-Regent, MissTillie LaRue; Treasurer, Mrs. Albert Mitchell; Registrar, Mrs. Wm.Ardery. The Historian, Miss Letitia Hedges, and the Chaplain, Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., hold theiroffices for life.The next meeting of the Chapterwill be held on January 6. GeorgeDay, Nevember 11. Mr. Chapmanis a remarkably eloquent and convincing" speaker, and always hasattentive audiences.Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Proctorhave returned to their home in Paducah, after a visit to friends andrelatives in Paris and Lexington.Both are graduates of the University of Kentucky, and came to Lexington to attend the Centre College-KentuckyUniversity footballgame Saturday. Mr. Proctor, whowas formerly principal of the ParisHigh School, is now engaged in theinsurance business in Paducah.Both Mr. and Mrs. Proctor weregiven a warm welcome by theirParis friends.(Other Personals on Page 3)oBIRTHSMr. and Mrs. Jos. Connell arethe happy parents of a fine littledaughter, born at their home in thiscity on October 23. The little girlwas named Mary Josephine, inhonor of Mr. Connell's aunt andgrandmother. Mrs. Connell was before her marriage Miss Viola Day,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Day, of near Paris.-i Mr. and Mrs. Jesse W. Smithare receiving congratulations on thebirth pf a daughter at their homenear Paris on November 1. The little one was christened ElizabethOsborne Smith, in honor of hermother. Mrs. Smith was before hermarriage Miss Elizabeth Osborne,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Osborne, former residents of Paris.LOSTSomewhere on the streets ofParis, a cameo pin. Finder leave atNEWS office. Suitable reward.(7-2t)Washington's wedding anniversary 17 J 'l. ftMi CiAday, with Miss Lizzie Grimes and J y ISll J ill OlOlCMrs. Virgil Chapman, as hostesses,at their home on Duncan avenue.The beautiful home of Mrs. Butler formed arrich setting for thegathering, and all voted the hostesto be ideal entertainers. Duringthe afternoon delicious refreshments were served.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, the retiringRegent, came in for the larger shareof approval, for the excellent showing the Jemima Johnson Chapterhad made among the D. A. R.The hunting season on quail andrabbits will open November 15,and according to Dr. R. S. Tuttle,executive agent of the Game andFish Commission, there are morebirds in Kentucky this year thanfor several years past. NDr. Tuttle stated that the Ohioriver southern flight of migratorygame birds has been greater thisyear than ever before. The openseason on these birds in Kentuckyextends from September 16 to December 31. v lni,ontarc. rtf tVio Stnfo Whon qVioThe fish car of the commission 'is iaSsumed her office, at the beginningnow in Ballard county seining the 0j the term the, membership numoverflow ponds of the Ohio river. bered seventy-five. It now has aThe fish will be used to restock membership of 110," being up in thestreams and ponds. Lfront ranks of the organization, In!When in Need of Ladies',Misses' and Children'sCOATSSpecial Bargain Week Prices.See and Save atTwin Bros. Dept StoreGHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS. KY.MAKING POSSIBLEThe ApparentlyIMPOSSIBLE!yWE are selling QUALITY merchandise for men and boys at LOW prices.cA visit to our store will be more convincing than merely saying it here.Let us pay your movie bills . for you.We give tickets free. Ask us.vLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE55Blanketsand Comfortsa veryline ofWe are showingcomplete newWool and Cotton Blankets and Comforts linedwith wool and laminatedcotton.We will beshow you.pleased to,The prices are very attractive!THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaking2 --yx&'s"" S.t-ii-A' Jw -5S V i-,l 5--SVt - : . J "" . -n '.' " ' . .J'1 ft ?f- f'g TTatTSJFT"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCEl;TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, imbeUn ihmim 'i Uiiih rii i iw Hi nnr Hi h a ii.rxjiai-.' !iJ.SP1RINTOBACCO TENANTS ON PBOSPEEITY WAVESAY "BAYER" when you buy AspirinUnless you see the name "Bayer"on package or on tablets you arenot getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians overtwenty-two years and proved safeby millions for colds, headache,earache, neuralgia, lumbago, rheumatism, neuritis, and for pain ingeneral. Accept only "Bayer"package, which contains proper directions. Handy boxes of twelvetablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell bottles of 24 and 100.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)HERE'S THE CHAMPION STOEYOF SEASONWinchester residents have recovered from tihe shock received recently when an automobile wasdriven into the city with two wildJgeese perched on the radiator givin traffic signals in "the "honkhonk" peculiar to that species ofwater fowl.This event marked the secondattempt of Judge J. M. Benton topropagate in Kentucky a strain ofwild geese, reputed to be foundonly in certain sections of Missouri.Geese of this strain, according toclaims advanced by Missouri owners, are imbued with a trait not tobe found in other members of thespecies. They are easily educatedto replace horns on automobiles,and when perched on the radiatorof a car, it has been claimed, sucha goose will keep a vigilant watchover the traffic and "honk" at theproper time, thus relieving the driver of the necessity for constantvigilance.Last spring Judge Benton received a shipments of eggs from hisuncle, "Lish" Covington, of Claycounty, Missouri, but efforts tohatch the eggs .were not successful.The appearance of the educatedgeese marked the arrival of Mr.Covington himself, who determined'that the benefits accruing to automobilists of Missouri should not bedenied " his . Kentucky kinsmen,brought a brace pf-the famous geeseto be used in establishing the strainin the Bluegrass.AS TO WEDDING GIFTSThe receipt of an invitation to anOctober wedding ought to fill onewith some pleasure as a notification to attend a joyous occasion'where one would meet many interesting people and see a beautifulceremony. But many folks on getting such a notice, groan at thethought of buying a wedding gift.Yet they usually have to admit,if. they are married, that at a critical period of their early historytheir friends turned out with a glorious send off of fine presents, whichdid a lot to furnish the home during their years of struggle.The only trouble with the wedding gift custom is that so manyarticles are offered having no substantial value. Costly stuff intended merely lor ornament may beall right for the rich, but for youngfolks just starting in life it is inappropriate. Iti is often a good idea toask the bride's family what shewould like, and purchase gifts alongthat line if possible.CORNSBAP COLD GONEIN FEW HOURStape's Cold Compound" Acts Quick,Costs Little "and NeverSickens !In a few hours y our cold is gone,head and nose clear, no feverishness, headache, or stuffed-up feeling. Druggists here guarantee theseple'asant tablets to break up a cold-or the grippe quicker than nastyquinine. They never make you sickor uncomfortable. Buy a box of"Pape's Cold Compound" for a fewcents and get rid of your cold rightnow. (adv-T)Wisdom Few Achieve.To know how to grow old is themaster work of wisdom, and one ofthe most difficult chapters in the greatart of living. Amiel.DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUKX ECONOMICALLift Off with FingersOn every hand the improved condition of tobacco tenantry reflectsthe general improvement and up- jward tendency in the burley district! during the war period and thesubsequent operations of the Bingham Co-operative Marketing Association. From practically serfdomand degradation the tobacco tenanthas risen to comparative v affluenceand prosperity.Only a few years ago the lot ofthe tobacco tienant was most deplorable and discouraging. He and his'wife and children were in rags andhad barely enough to subsist on, although the whole family laboredfrom sunup to sundown and oftenlater in the tobacco patch. Hischildren were kept away from schooleither because they had to work orhad no clothes to wear, and goingto church was out of the question.In spite of these hardships, whenthe tobacco was sold the tobacco'tenant had little or nothing to showfor his work and deprivations. Often he came out in debt and startedthe next crop witlh an added handicap. Now the tobacco tenant wears anair of independence. His wife andchildren are properly clothed "andhis home is equipped with comforts.The children go to school and inmany instances the whole familymotors to church on Sunday.Kentucky life has experienced nometamorphosis more striking thanthat borught about in the condition of the tobacco tenants in afew years. Industry and loyalty tothe co-operative principle on thepart of the tobacco tenant wouldseem to assure tthe continuance ofthe present conditions.. oRADIO IMPORTANT EVENTSThe wonderful growth of radiotransmission during the past yearwill enable the outcome of the various competitions at the International Live Stock Exposition to beknown throughout) the country almost before the applause of thespectators subsides in the arena,Station WAAF is located directlyacross the street from the ampitheatre where the contests will bestaged from December 2 to December 9 and arrangements have beenmade to get, the judges' awards intoWie hands of the radio announcerand broadcasted with a minimum ofdelay. The folks back home, whoare unable to attend the premiershow, will be able to learn how theirfavorites fared in the supremecourt of agriculture within a fewminutes after the decisions are rendered. The progress of the agricultural college teams in'the closelycontested judging competitions canbe followed step by step by theirfellow students gathered around thecampus receiving sets with the enthusiasm peculiar to intercollegiatecontests.The advent of the radio and itswidespread adoption throughoutthe country will serve to even further extend the benfiicial influence of this great educational institution by carrying its messagesto untold numbers of people whocould not be present in person atthe International itself.Doesn't murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard .corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe" calluses, without soreness -or irritation. (adv-T)Masterpiece Born in Suffering.Tom Hood's famous "Song of theShirt" was composed-in 1844, while helay In bed suffering from his last sickness. o ,A Fable.Once there was a group that hadsupreme power and didn't make theminority cut bait. Baltimore Sun.DEATH PENALTY ON WANELEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGj?GET YOUR BULBS NOW!We are displaying the most complete assortment wehave ever had. The same high grade we use for ourown cut flower growing. Don't fail to investigate before buying.JOHN CHRISTMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., NearMin Both'Phore-?V4.- TAcceptance by the Commonwealthin a recent; murder trial of a jurorwho stated that he was opposed tothe infliction of the death penaltymarked an innovation that mayhave an important bearing in futurehomicide cases in Kentucky. Whilethe Commonwealth had no hope ofinflicting the death penalty in theparticular case, it established aprecident that if generally followed would abolish the death penalty without recourse to statutoryenactment.If one juror with conscientiousscruples against inflicting the deathpenalty can get on a murder panelexpiation for crime in the electricchair will be a thing of the past.Ordinary talesmen with such convicions are disqualified for servicewhenever they voice such objections.The fact that there is hardly amurder case that persons summoned for jury service are not excusedbecause they express objections toinflicting capital punishment ispointed out as indicating the growthof the movement to abolish thedeath penalty in Kentucky. Alreadythe movement has reached the stageof the introduction of such a measure in fjhe Legislature.Under the Kentucky law, thedeath penalty and life imprisonment are the same degree of punishment and this affords the squeamishjuror the opportunity to sidestep the 'death penalty and at the same time.impose what the law holds as equally severe punishment for crime."Do Unto Others'7 Always FirstI am more and more "convinced thaithe best Institutions must be a poetapology for all of us doirir our dutyter 'neighbor. E. BBayIy. ,Uncle Henry Writes to the Home FolksAbout the Trip to Cincinnati.My wife, Mary, and I, had been talking for a long time about going to Cincinnation a little visit. She had a 'cousin' there she hadn't seen for a long time. I wanted tosee the Zoo and some of the new buildings the papers were talking about.Crops were laid by and we figured we could let the boys run the farm for a while.So we packed a big grip and started. The train had only pulled out when Mary letout a little yell. I thought it was train robbers or a wreck. But she explained that shehad just remembered that she had forgotten to put my extra handkerchiefs in the grip."Well, that's nothing to yell about," I says. "We can buy gome in Cincinnati whenwe get in." We both laughed about it but it just goes to show how a little thing likethat worries a woman.Well, we got there about "ten o'clock In the morning and went to the-hotel. Firstthing Mary must unpack to see if she had forgotten anything else. Sure enough shefound stockings and collars missing. Now ain't that like a woman? I'll bet if I packeda grip I'd make a list and check it off. Mary says I would forget "to put half the thingson the list. So there you are a dead lock as they say in Congress. x.We started out to look around a little before noon and maybe to buy the things shehad forgotten.I always like to walk around on Fountain Square. You can get a good drink ofwater there. There don't seem to be any other -place to get a drink unless you gointo-a drug store and then you feel awkward about just asking for water when theyhave soda to sell.After we had a drink, we stood and looked at the new hotel going up on the corner.My, but that's going to be some hotel when It's done. Mary, just like a woman waslooking in the other direction. She was gazing at Mabley's windows of course. Soshe says, "Henry, we might as well go on over there and buy the things we forgot"Mind you "the things we forgot."So, just to please her, we went on over there and went in. The young man at thedoor bowed and smiled the same as. if we were the President and First Lady. He askedx what he might do for us and I said "handkerchiefs and socks and collars." The politeyoung man took us over to the left of the store and called another nice young fellowand paid: "Will you please show this gentleman and lady some handkerchiefs and collars and hosiery.". Well, I never saw such politeness and good manners. Of course I don't have muchto do with stores. That's a woman's job, I think. While we looked at collars theman asked us where we were from. When we told him he grinned and said that we. ought to know him because he was born and nearly raised on the creek four mile3" above our farm. Well, what do you think of that? Meeting up with one of our old. neighbor boys right off. Of course we remembered him and when his folks sold out" ' and moved away. In a mTmrte, we were good friends and he surely did wait on us fine.I said it was a happy meeting and that I never expected to see anyone from our countyin a big store. The young fellow said : "Well, now folks, I'll tell you that you can finda salesman or saleswoman from almost any part of the state, right here in this store.JThat's why people call it the friendly store. You' meet so many old friends here." fcAfter we had bought what we needed and a new tie that Mary said I needed, Icould see that she was just dying to get around and look at some of the women'sfixings, so we told our friend good-bye and .after that I just followed Mary.I'd rather plow all day than traipse around in a big store but I wanted to pleaseMary. So we went all around and looked and Mary asked questions and priced thingsshe had no notion of buying. Everywhere we went in that store people were polite andobliging.We talked to one nice girl who came from our county seat and she told lis abouta new department on the top floor where they had fixed up just for boys and girls things.Mary said she'd have to see that because she was thinking of taking home a few littlefixings for the youngsters.We got on the elevator and rode up to the top. The girl that runs the elevatorhad red hair and looked a lot like my son John's sweetheart but she said she was from(Northeast Kentucky and that boys and girls store is just wonderful! No store likethat when I was a boy.A".Well, I can't begin to tell you about the things we saw up there,better hand at that kind of work and so I'll let her tell you.Mary, she is aYours Truly,Henry.I ... LINCOLN . Jff 7 Get Behind the Wheel kTheSeven-PassengerTouring Car$3800F. O. B. DetroitTen Body TypesDriving the Lincoln brings a new sense ofcomplete mastery of time and roads. Rid'ing under all conditions and at any speed,is a smooth, even flight.300 operations accurate to one quarterthousandth of an inch; 1200 operationsaccurate to one half thousandth of an inch;5000 operations accurate to one thousandthof an inch; make the Lincoln the mostaccurately built car in the worldRUGGLESfefeVFARseaTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1.1 N of loan pays both principal and iattrestNO COMMISSIONSKentuckyJointStockUadBankvScnfity Trutt B14, ..Aak Judge George Battertonor-Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NtcthMiddle town Deposit Bank,Ntcth MUlletown. c: , (rft-Lcxtettoa.Ky.1-T$&LOANSrl7t -.. ft.v qr -- ".- '-iw-TH--, - , .- - cftifTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1$M. j- V ?.q niiiMiBAJeipLw nuwiJWj. TTTR RATTOnAV ItfTffQ pidtc- 'fyvwy J.1 V V fcj, A AAMO,ABIT OF ADVIOE."",vWOlKiJ5r-13' ' l"T5F'-SCSiiFAT FEEDING CATTLE SHOW ATLOUISVILLEThe Bourbon Stock Yards Com-jpany will hold a Fat and Feeding-Brst Don't Delay Second cattle Show and Sale at Louisville,S-!ARERUSStirDon't ExperimentiKy., November 23 and 24; This.event promises to be the greatest1. cattle show ever held in the South.offQ f u i i. tTnirty carloads of fat steers will beif vou suffer from backache: . ,-,," .,. ,, .- ' entered m addition to various otherheadaches or dizzy spells; if you classes aiuu umerrest poorly and are languid in the Total cash prizes amounti tomorning; if the kidney secretions $5125 with cups and medals willare irregular and unnatural m ap- undoubtedly bring together thepearance. do not delay. In such hoice3t selectiongases the Mneys often need help icattle from Kentuck Tennesse(fDoan's Kidney Pills are especi- Mfai-oe ai u , 'ally prepared for kidney trouble. "T" ' t f f. .and aergia'They are recommended by thous- ? "' limited to tbeset, . ., ; , . nve states, of the cash prizes, aands. Can Pans residents desire large amount bejm0re convmcmg proof of tbe.r ef-;members of oUlsvUle "fectiveness than the statement of a Cfrti, -nwi, T ,iecL . . . . , .. Stock Exchange. Judges have beenParis citizen .who has used them eoi ,? x. , . ,... , .. , .. r selected from the best qualified menand willingly testifies to their irt fTl - .- ,rf n tne country to award these prizes.vonui 'There will beMrs. J. w. Keynoms zt5 winchessixteen rings andfifty awards.found Doan's Kidney Pills to do me . .. .. ... . , uiai 1UU ei, - T hibit will be one of the features ofter street, Paris, says: "I havemore good than any remedy I haveover used and I recommend themIiiglily. I suffered from rheumatActhis great cattle event. Twentyfive carloads of prime baby beevesare being fed by the boys and girlsjtfilburn Co.. Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oKNOTT COUNTY COMING TOTHE FEONTpains and kidney trouble. I could clul)S for competition in this divisahvays tell when the weather was ion and marked enthusiasm is beinggoing io cnauge ab my nmus De- shown. Many' of the junior clubcame painful. I got dizzy spells es- members have signified their intenpecially when I first got up in the tion to attend this show and elabormorning and my kidneys were not ate arrangements are being made toacting regularly. I was not long in entertain them.getting relief after I began using Liberal prizes in the feeder classesDoan's Kidney Pills and felt better will bring out many choice feeders,in every way after taking them." In connection with this show,Price 60c, at all dealers. Don't twenty-five registered Herefords,simply ask for a kidney remedy 'Herefords, Angus and Shorthornget Doan's Kidney Pills the same bulls will be offered from the leadthat Mrs. Reynolds had. Foster- ins herds of Kentnr.kv.. j .Keen interest is being shown bythe packing industry in the sale offat cattle and lively competition isexpected. G. Al Birch, chairman ofthe executive committee and ArchKnott county in tne neart oi tne Birch, superintendent of the showKentucky mountains is lifting itself and saie are busy making arrangeout of the rut through its own ef- ments for this event, the success offorts and no finer spirit! of commu-' which is already assured.nity co-operation is being shownanywhere in the State.Following two days' of work onthe county roads in which 3,000people took part and brought thehighways to a condition that hadnever existed before, a county seat,under the same auspices. Thecourt house was used for the exhibition of livestock and poultry.The fair attracted the largest crowdthai ever gathered in Hindmanand was a signal success in everyway.A prize of 550 was awarded forthe best piece of road work and itwas wron by a rural school that hadlitterally removed a mountain tomake a highway. As an evidence ofthe improved road conditions, fiftyautomobiles were in Hindman forthe fair. It was the first time thatmany of the citizens of Knott countyhad seen a motor vehicle.Isolated in the mountains, littlehas been heard of Knott county up Evento now except that it always can be "fruity"depended upon for a Democratic kyrup.MOTHERIOpen Child's Bowels with"California Fig Syrup"a sick child loves thetaste of "California FigIf the little tongue is'majority, but with such spirit ram-!coated or if yur. child is listless,.nt. .n.on. if Tponio TcWnt.t ftoim-' cross' feverish, full of cold, or haspant among its people Knott county can no longer be held back inthe march of progress.LAUGH WITH THE AUTO BUYERSBuying an automobile is an ex-' colic, a teaspoonful will never fail toopen the bowels. In a few hoursyou can see for yourself how thoroughly it works all the constipationpoison, sour bile and waste from thetender, littleTBbwels and gives you awell, playful child again.Millions of mothers keep "Cali-perience encountered at least once fornia Fig Syrup" handy. Theyin a lifetime since the quantity pro- know a teaspoonful to-day saves aduction of motor vehicles has sick child to-morrow. Ask yourbrought! prices within the limits of druggist for genuine "CaliforniaIr. Average Citizen's pocket- book.1 Fig Syrup" which has directions torbabies andchildren of allEven Pinted on bottle.- Mother!must say "uaiiiornia" or yougat an imitation fig syrup.(adr-T)-oagesYoumaySCIENTISTS SAYS EARTH OLDERTHAN SUNIt takes time to decide that you really want, or need an auto.after you've enjoyed a score of demonstration rides, your mind isn't entirely made up. One of the hardestthings to decide upon after you decide to purchase a car, is the. make.Then, when you've nrSde yourchoice, von wonder what model will That the earth is older than thebest suit you. Shall it be a touring present structure of the universe,car or a glass enclosed machine? as "now constituted, is the theoryAfter a while you finally find out ( held by Prof. A. W. Bickerton, the;vvhat you believe you want and buy originator of the theory of the birthan Aesop Four." But after you' of stellar systems and the writerhave bought, you wish you'd taken ' of innumerable books about thea "Topics Six." It seems that no "third bodies" born in space byno matter what car a man buys he graziHg impacts,thinks thati if he had waited a lit-' Lecturing before the Royal Botle bit longer he would have secur- tanical Society, he said that he wascd a better one. The joke median-' strongly inclined to believe that theic8 of the world press have built earth was much older than the sunmany happy smiles about "Buying a and much older than -the presentCar" incidents. structure of the universe."In my opinion," said ProfessorBlackburn, "tlie sun originated -in acollision between two other bodies"Piggy Boy," a 3 00-pound -pig, is revolving around it. I think thata pet of John S. Hartness, a banker, sunspots are probably caused byliving at Sharon, a town near York, meteors striking the surface of-theS. C. "Piggy Boy" is different sun"from most pigs in that he doesn't t .attempt to put his nose into the' See America First.bucket when he sees his master ap-1 Colorado has a mountain area sixproaching wih food. He runs to times as great as Switzerland, with 42His pen and is ready for the food Peata exceeding Jf1 fd, u . . , . x j.u . v as against eight such giants in theTvhen it is poured into the trough. gwIgg flnd 36 mountalns higher'Piggy Boy's" best chum among thaQ Mount Fuesteraahorn, the high-t-ue animais in tne iiarinebe uaiii-( eB peak in Switzerland.HERE'S POLES PIGyard is a cow. He sleeps everynight with the cow whoseserves him as a pillow.sideUnwslcom.Small Invalid (as her mother closesthe door on the doctor) Mummy, IIf you make yjmself your best don't think I.like that gentleman. If Imend you are going to be mignty ne cau again, yivaae iu mailonesome. - - r' "y "" & Tm not well enough to see him. Lon-ri - , ... . on Pumch,Public Storms the Government Storesto Buy French ProductsLong In 8torage.K' Moscow. Prewar stocks of Frenchwines are rapidly diminishing in Russia. The newly opened governmentretail wine stores do a rushing business in Moscow and Petrograd, andsoon, connoisseurs fear, only Russianwines will be left.After the soviet government abolished total prohibition and placed thecountry on a wine and beer basis, allof the stocks of burgundies, bordeauxand champagnes which were sealed upwhen the czar, early in the war, decreed prohibition, were placed in themarket. Some went to private dealers, but by far the largest share hasbeen reserved for the governmentshops.The principal one of these in Moscow is an elaborate establishment,with uniformed footmen at the doors.Before it long lines of carriages maybe seen at certain hours of the day,and it generally is thronged withbuyers.In these stores good French claretis still to be had at the equivalent -ofahout$l.50 per bottle, while excellentchampagnes, some of them of particularly good years, are sold at from$5 to $6 a quart.Russian wines, produced in the Caucasus and in the Crimea, can be hadat from 50 cents a bottle for claret toabout $2 a bottle for port and madeiratypes. There are large stocks of theseon hand, and the south Russia vineyards are producing more this year.It is still illegal to sell vodka, and"bootlegging" is prevalent in Moscow.Occasionally a drunken man is tobe seen in the streets. The highpower spirits that are sold -surreptitiouslyare generally impure andhave the usual disastrous effects, butthose in the know have little, difficultyin securing good Russian cognac atfrom $3 to $4 a bottle. The legallimit, however, is 20 per cent alcohol,this being the Russian conception of"light wines."In Petrograd the restaurants arelicensed to sell wine to patrons, butin Moscow it is only openly procurable in the shops. Restaurant dinerseither bring their own or buy It surreptitiously from waiters at highprices.The soviet government derives alarge revenue from the sale of wines.rwjWtKmra-WBjwrss-vis, REsroqYSWIFTS SfrVMlflltEf UPAGAnr&rlza3vvfzsmxiyiwWMimtt -??etiJesse Barber, of Owingsville, hasobtained from an aged woman ofFleming county a quill-penned document purporting to have beenwritten at the dictation of JohnSwift, after he became blind, inwhich the location of "Swift's Silver Mine" is explicitly detailed, butthe stiarting point withheld asSwift's secret. The old lady fromwhom the paper was obtainedclaims that her grandfather cameinto possession of it in ttfie year of1812. It is a tradition that it waswritten before the Declaration ofIndependence. Swift and his companion, Monday, who was killed byIndians, having made Kentucky explorations and worked the allegedsilver mine prior to the Revolutionary war. Men have devoted muchof their lives to searching for themine, without success and the newfound document fails to furnish thekey. lF.3 -Xi.- JClT.ICONCENTRATEBOY SPEAKS FIVE LANGUAGESAndrew Carnegie found that hecould make the most money backinghimself. He was still comparatively young when he reached theconclusion that he would put all hiseggs in one basket and "watch thebasket."He said he could never understand the business man, particularlythe manufacturer, who huntedaround for six and seven per centinvestments for his money. Thereare few factories, he said, that willnot pay a profit of ten or fifteen percent on an investment in new machinery to replace worn out junk.It is also a peculiar quirk thatleads a business man to rob hisown company of working capitalwhich he can use to discount hisbills, at a profit of 12 to 24 percent, a year in order to buy securities paying 7 per cent annually.It pays the grocer to put his eggsin one basket. In other words itpays him, to concentrate on the one"best" in every line.oA DEFEAT TOR THE HORSE. .-" ' '''- v'yWv-,,!$3SHrait if m, "ti&fi'';0T-'. ' 1ft.' iimmBK3Em4,'-A- Little Onofie Defisi, of New Yorkmay lay claim to be the most accomplished linguist of his age in the worldHe speaks Russian, English, Polishand Italian, all well and with equalfluency.WIFE TAMES CHIEF WITH CLUBLittle Bear Is Forced to Seek PeactIn His Tepee ThroughDivorce Court.Chicago. Chief Henry Rice LittleBear on the warpath, stropping hisscalping knife the while he gave theCherokee battle yell, was a real Indian, but the softening influences of afour-room flat in the city have pulledhis teeth.Recently he appeared in court andasked a divorce from Madelaine, hissquaw. In the good old days he wouldhave kicked her roundly, but the lawsof the white man frown upon theseprimitive, but none the less effectivemethods. He says Madelaine hasfallen into the habit of beating himwith a war club, more and more, especially when he returns to his tepeefilled with firewater.Between his tri-weekly beatings thechief has been posing as a bronzeApollo for commercial artists. He admits he possesses the strength andcunning to handle his wife, if the lawsof the white man would only permithim to go about taming her in hisown way and in the only way she canunderstand, but as this is not permitted, he seeks a divorce and peace.New York Times)There can be but one end to thestruggle between the automobileand the horse, now that the WarDepartment' of France. lookingaround for opportunities to cutdown expenses and save money,found one in the chargers that hitherto have been provided with thegrooms appertaining to the samefor all Field Marshals and Generals. So hereafter the Field Marshals and Generals, if they wanthorses to ride, will pay for themout of their salaries as private luxuries, and the French taxpayerswill be spared one fraction of theirburdens.That the taxpayers will feel thedifference in their pockets is "moreUhan doubtful, legislators in everycountry having both skill and custom in the spending of money saved, with, a little something added,usually.. But a General, and especially a French General, without ahorse. He is almost inconceivableor would have been twenty or eventen years ago.In an automobile the once impressive -hero will, lose more thanhalf his dignity. He will have nochance to display his noble mastery of a prancing steed; he onlywill be able to pose solemnly onthe back seat and trust to hischauffeur for everything else. Thatws well enough for Kings, but it isa poor role, .,. vhe sons of Mars.Number of Stars Estimated.Astronomers have counted the startIn typical districts and from thesepartial counts here and there we getsome idea of the total number of starsand therejre estimated to be betweentwo and three thousand million stars.J. A. Thomson in "The Outline ofScience."Chipmunk in Trout' Maw.Woodville, Wash. Tom Fulda, atimber cruiser, caught a rainbowtrout in Holt Creek which had justswallowed a small chipmunk. Thetrout was about 23 Inches, long. It Ispresumed the animal was attemptingto swim the creekjwhen he was gobbled- up. " . , --j"In Arcadia.""I, too, was born in Arcadia," iscredited to Bartholomew SchldonLborn in 1560, died in 1616. Goethe.adopted this motto for his "Travels InItaly." 'Little or nothing 'appears tobe known concerning SchidonI, and theArcadia line is the only quotation attributed to him.Attaining the Ideal.The man who has fewest bodilywants approaches nearest to the divine nature. Satisfy these wants atthe cheapest rate, and expend the remaining energies of your nature inthe attainment of virtue and knowledge. Shelley.oCheering to Most of Us.A French writer says: "He who isnever foolish is not so wise as hethinks." An old Greek philosopherwent even further and said: "Theman who isn't a fool half the time isa fool all the time." Boston Transcript - O 'Training of Highest Order.Happy Is the man who reverences allwomen because he vfirst learned toworship his mother. Richter.FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAY- IO "UwsE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.-i-linfiUpi tmyiuwwi'F 1 mj BmM-J-mT f h ltiBBDOWN AGAINk7cCy. THETTNiyERSALCAR ' 'Lowest F. O. B. Prices in theHistory of the CompanyChassis "... $235.00Runabout, regular 7 $269.00Touring, regular $298.00Truck Chassis $360.00Coupe $530.00Two-Door Sedan $595.00' P. O. B. DetroitStarter remains $70.00; Demountables $25.00, when supplied on open types. Glosed types are priced withStarter and Demountables.RUGGLES1X1XKXi:K!:.::;IX!Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone. No. 4WeitFifh StreetSATISFACTIONOURWATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.XIThe Bourbon LaundryiXJParis, KentuckyBourbon News Advertisers Get Results4r-j ,' '--.if HT":f 1 e --j -.PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUfcKYTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 12Z T1ftMILLERSBURGInteresting News Items Prom Bouri bon Connies College Townof Bardsand Mrs." Mrs. George Conner,town, is the guest of Mr,Ti P. Wadell.Mrs. Harry Bell and daughter,of Maysville, are guests of Mr. andMrs. A. C. Strode.Miss Charlotte Styles, of Mason county, is the guest of Mrs. B.W. Wood and family.Miss Elizabeth Boston and MissJennie Fisher, of U. K., Lexington,were guests of home folks Sundayafternoon. vMr. and Mrs. J. V. Ingels anddaughter, Miss Louis Ingels, leftleft Saturday for Franklin, Ky., to,spend the winter.G. S. Allen and sisters, Mrs.Frankie Cook and Mrs. Jane Neal,have returned from a visit withrelatives in Winchester.' A large crowd from here attended the lecture by Mrs. Thackerin the Presbyterian church inParis, Sunday afternoon.Mr. Tom Thorn and Mrs.Frank Bedford were guests Fridayfor six-o'clock "dinner, with MissElizabeth Payne, in Cynthiana.Oscar M. Johnson, Joe PennRedmon, Reynolds Letton and JesseLetton, attended the banquet andShorthorn sales held at Lexington,jjriday.-j Miss Kate Barnett, of Detroit,Micltt, Mrs-. Garl Williams, Mr. andMrs. -A.'B. LoyelU.of Paris-, weregjuesis Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. J.. Stewart.j -7-Mrs. M. S. "Boston and sons,Graham ;and John Boston, wereQuests Saturday of Miss Elizabethjostbn, at the University of Ken&icky, Lexington.I The congregation of the Christian church St the Sunday morningservice, extended a unanimous callfor an unlimited time to their pastor, Rev. G. W. Nutter.K Mr. and Mrs. Harry King anddaughters, Amelia and Jane King,of Carlisle, Mr. and Mrs. HarryJudy,' and son, Henry, of Paris,were guests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs.J. T. Judy.Mrs. Laura Layson returnedSaturday from a visit with her son,William Layson, and family, inChattanooga, Tenn. Mr. Laysonaccompanied his mother home fora few days' visit.Miss Mattie Stewart, of CaneRidge, has been the guest of Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Stewart. Mr. Stewart remains in a serious condition,suffering from the effects of an accident in Carlisle, some time ago.Rev. Dr. I. C. Hunt, of Nashville. Tenn., filled the pulpit at thePresbyterian church, Sunday night,when union services were held. Dr.Hunt is a former pastor of the Madison Avenue Presbyterian church, inCincinnati.Among those attending theCentre-State foot ball game in Lex-Style .FitWorkmanship are three points necessary in high grade merchandiseThese you will findour merchandiseinFALLSUITSandOVERCOATSin tfre latest stylesand shades$25.00AND MOREIPrice & Co.Clothiersand Furnishersington Saturday afternon were Mr.and Mrs. A. S. Miller. Miss Elizabeth Miller Mr. and Mrs. J. T.Jefferson, Misses Charlotte Styles,Hattie', Edith and Margaret Wood.0LITTLE BOCK NEWSAugustus Russell, of Lexington, was a recent guest at the homeof Clark Thomas.Miss Jane- Crouch Dick, ofWinchester, is visiting Mr. andMrs. R. D. Crouch.Miss Elizabeth Rymell has returned to Paris after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. B. M. Roberts.Miss Georgia Kerns has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. EverettHopkins.Farmers in this vicinity havebeen very busy this week with theirtohacco. Rain is badly needed forthe crops.Misses Gladys, May and SarahLail, of Lexington, spent the weekend as guests of Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Urmston.Mr. and Mrs. Carlton Reed, ofWilmore, have moved to LittleRock, where Mr. Reed will open anew general store. They are occupying the chouse recently vacated byMrs. Mollie Bolston.MATRIMONIALDEATHSlife Is Bat A Brief Span, A. .DebtThat All Must rayA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go ByA marriage license was .issuedyesterday from the office of GountyClerk Pearce Paton to Dr. James F.Owens, of St. Louis Mo., and MissLavinia Layson, of Millersburg.The following invitations havebeen issued:"Mr. and Mrs. Landon Thomasrequest the pleasure of yourcompany -at the marriage of their daughter,Emily HarvietoMr. Cassius Marcellus Clay'on Tuesday, the twenty-first ofNovember" at noonCloister GarthAugusta, Georgia."HUFFMANFern May Huffman.. aged. one year;and nine months, only . daughter ofMr. and Mrs.' Ralph Huffman, died .Wednesday afternoon at the homeof her parents, in Covington, aftera short illness of pneumonia. The jfuneral and burial took place Saturday in Covington,Mr. Huffman is a former residentof Paris, where he has a largecircle of friends, who extendheirsincere sympathy in the loss of fiisonly child.General Admission30c10c20cADULTS27c, war tax 3cCHILDRENNo taxGALLERY17c, war tax 2c. j .Boy Book TicketAdult Book a. AChildrenVook'tS I -UU15 Tickets )ff IOn Sale at Box Offlctaji-BK.i-r-aHjakST IPPFollowing a long illness of acomplication of diseases, Mrs. TVIaryiStipp, aged about eighty, died inClintonville Sunday morning. Mrs.Stipp was the. widow of JamesStipp, for many years a farmer ofthe Clintonville precinct. She wasbefore her marriage Miss Ballinger,of Clark county, and a sister of helate Mrs. James J. Haggard. Thefuneral was held yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, followed byinterment in the Clintonville Cemetery."Mr. and Mrs. Edward Wood Booth irequest the hdnor of your presenceat the marriage of their daughter,DorothytoMr. Prentice Slade,on Monday, the twentieth ofNovemberat half-after eight o'clock in theeveningat the Westminster PresbyterianChurch,Grand Rapids, Michigan."SIMMONS MAYFIELDSecuring a marriage license inCynthiana, Saturday afternoon, Jno.D. Mayfield, and Miss Fannie Simmons, both of Lexington, came toParis, and were married at thehome of the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. Followingthe ceremony, Mr. and Mrs. Mayfield returned to Lexington, to reside.LODGE NOTESThe fiirst and second degreewere conferred by the degree teamof Bourbon Lodge of Odd Fellowslast night, on a class of candidates.The Pythian Sisters, woman'sauxiliary of the Knights of Pythias,will entertain on the evening ofWednesday, November 22, at theirTemple in the Wilson building.The program will comprise music,singing and speaking. Refreshments will be served.SUNDAY AUTO ACCIDENTSEarly Sunday morning the automobile of Mrs. T. P. McGarvey, ofFayette county, co'llided with thecar driven by Thos. Wilkerson, ofHarrison county, at the corner ofMain and Eighth streets, in frontof the Standard Oil Co.'s fillingstation. The Wilkerson car wasslightly damaged. Mrs. Wilkersonwas slightly bruised on the arm andshoulder where the other car struckher.In a collision at the corner ofMain and Seventh streets yesterday'morning, between a car in whichW. G. McClintock, Joe B. Smith andothers were riding, and a Ford car,ANDERSON- The body of Col. LanghorneAnderson, noted breeder of. ridingand saddle horses, who died in aCincinnati hospital, following ahoperation for bladder trouble. wastaken to Maysville, his old home,where the funeral was held Sunday.Col. Anderson is survived by. hisfather and three sisters. ' 'Col. Anderson was in his fiftysecond year. 4s a breeder of finesaddle horses, he was well-knownto the horsemen of Paris and Bour,bon county and throughout the St'ateand was also widely known to horseshow followers. He had exhibitedhis horses at practically all thes"hows in the country, and was alsonoted as a judge of horses havingserved in that capacity at many exhibitions. He was a man of fine attainments, and had a host offriends throughout the country whoregret; to learn of his. death.From a poor boy Langhorn Anderson became one of the bestknown, figures in this section of theState. His horses became no'Jed allover the world and millionairesfrom every section of the countrybecame his guests at his fine country home, "Point au View," nearMaysville. and deferred to his judgment in all matters affecting thesaddle horse. His everlasting monument will be his devotion to hismother, father and sister. He wasnever married and lived for themlavishing his wealth upon themwithout! stint or limit. Mr. Anderson's mother died about threeweeks ago, and his aged father,Thomas F. Anderson, is lying utterly helpless at the old home.Preceding the sale of Shorthorn'cattle held at Lexington, Friday,when fifty head of fine-bred animals'gold at prices ranging from $ 150 to$750., a show of fine cattle washeld. Goff & Rice, of near Paris,won the silver cup awarded for thebest -female of any age. They alsowon the Lafayette Hotel cup for thebest bull, any age, and the firstprize for the best three head ofShorthorns.DOINGS OFTHE TRAVELINGMENthe running: board of the formercar was torn off. The occupants of iby the fact tnat Cricketboth cars escaped injury.Goebel Cooper, aged twenty-two,was killed about 2:30 o'clock Sunday afternoon, when he was struckby an automobile driven by Rodman Wiley, former State HighwayCommissioner, on the Winchesterpike, about four miles from Lexington. Cooper had just alightedfrom an automobile bus car, hisskull being fractured when his headhit the concrete road. Accordingto eye-witnesses the accident wasunavoidable.Our merchants, as a matter ofbusiness are interested in anythingpertaining to the (Taveling men,who make this territory. The following notes of interest concerningtraveling men well-known to Parispeople are from Sunday's LexingtonLeader: f"Noah Rose, Lexington, sellingflour for Spears & Sons, Paris, saysbusiness is good.t "Justin McCarthy has resignedfrom the R. W. Rounsavall Company to take up a position sellinggoods on the road."At latest reports Clarence Fugazzi is still walking around theterritory. Clarence say he likes itso well that he cares not whetherhis Ford- is ever returned."Bill Barkley, the banana man,has already begun distributing hisChristmas gifts, consisting of baskets of fruit. One was left with agood friend at Millersburg the otherday."Johnnie Sullivan, of the J. P..Sullivan Wholesale Grocery company, is fully recovered from his recent serious operation and is backon the road again."Crickett Campbell was seenparked about a mile away fromBill Welsh's store at Clintonville,lasts Tuesday. Asked what he wasdoing there, Cricket said he waswaiting until he could time his arrival at the store about dinnertime. That he did was evidenced 1andTUESDAY Goldwyn Presents TUESDAYHOUSE PETERS ' 'The In visible PowerA story so real, so true, so tender, that tears will spring forth, unbidden in your eyes. A production that does credit to the movement for better pictures You can'u go wrongr on this oae. HARRY SWEET IN "HELLO MARS" A CENTURY COMEDY.v PATHE REVIEWWEDNESDAY- -WEDNESDAYCOME ON-LET'S GO"Across the Continent"WithWALLACE REIDCast Includes THEODORE ROBERTS MARY McLEAN WALTER LONGThe most thrilling, and funniest of all the REID racing romances Merrily you'll zip alongstraight through five reels of the most hilarous excitement you ever saw, including a coast-to-coastauto race that smashes all records for thrills."TORCHY'S FRAME UP," AN! EDUCATIONAL COMEDYPATHE NEWSTHURSDAY-- c -THURSDAYThe Picture MagnificentWhereby Wandering Boy Tonightwith CULLEN LANDISThe big superspecial photodrama of tears, smiles, joy ard laughter,bolt that hits straight to the heart. -.THRILLING! - SPECTACULAR! - ROMANTIC! -, mA dramatic thunder-HUMAIN!BOURBON BREEDERS WINNERS.Goff & Rice have been very successful at all the cattle shows, taking many first premiums at theBlue Grass "Fair, the. State Fair atLouisville, and at many other notable livestock shows through the lcountry.The top price of the sale was$775, which was realized for Augusta Princess 5th, by W. J. and B.A. Thomas, of Shelby county. Thenext highest price was $460, whichwas realized for Liberty Belle, fromthe herd of Luther Rice, of nearParis, purchased by the KalaramaFarms of Springfield, Ky.Bourbon county purchasers wereas follows: Charles C. Clarke,North Middletown, Scottish King,$85; Luther Rice,- Paris, RoyalToastmaster, $105; William Sparks.Paris, Mamie P., $100; Wm. H.Whaley, Paris, Grapewood Emma,$150; Master Sharon 5th, $75.The wisest man is the oneknows his own limitations.who !REAL ESTATE DEALS?Through the real estate agencyof Harris, Speakes & Harris, Jos.Connell, of Paris, sold Saturday hisfarm" of 250 acres, with improvements, located on the Ruddles Millspike, about 14 miles from Paris, toHubbard Clifford, of Cynthiana, for.$47000 cash. Mr. Clifford willmove to the farm as soon as possession is given. The farm is considered one of the best in Bourboncounty.Don't tell us the world isn't progressing. Fewer men are wearingderby hats than ever before.an-otner peddler enjoyed a very palatable meal at Bill Welsh's table."iThe man who believes that it visnever too late to mend is usuallyin need of repairs.0It is a wise young man who concludes to settle up and settle down.FAMOUS PIAY COMING TO PARISSOON"The Bat," the world's greatestmystery play, due to be seen hereshortly, was Recently presentedby one of the touring companies inthe small Virginia town of Welch.By actual count, there were fortyfour persons in the town who failed to crowd their way into the -au-ditroiumto witness the performance.Most misses make a hit withmen.theSome men fail because they try tomake a rabbit's foot take the placeof hard work..Uiven li you do your .level best' The family black sheepyou may have an uphill struggle. keeps the others fleeced.litusuallyOpportunities For ThriftGREATER VALUES FOR SATURDAY AND NEXT WEEKFALL FOOTWEARIncluding all the newest novelty styles ata great saving on every pair.Buy at Paris Greatest ShoeStoreSAVE THE DIFFERENCEffrjA. JL iSpecial Sale Ladies' and Growing Girls Tan Lace Boots, lowand medium height rubber heels. Special at1S2.99Ladies' newest headed Satin StrapSlippers a wonderful value.Special, $3,95 and$2.85Ladies' new FallLace Oxfords.Special . . . .Patent and Tan$3.45SPECIAL!Special at..Ladies' Soft Kid Comfort Shoes, rubber heels.$1.99Men's new Fall Footwear. Wesave you money on every pair.Newest Tan and Black leathers.Now on sale at $2.95, $3,45. .Men's work and Scout Shoes. Tanand Black. Special$3.95$1.95Boys and Girls' School ShoesMisses' and Children's Tan Lace.Boots, ah- sizes 8 up to 2Special .Boys' and Youths' Tan Shoes,for wear. SpecialGreat$1.99$1.99POSNER BROS.Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreDAN COHEN STAND 336 MAIN STREETiV.eje'WIt-TsV-.J-Z& 'I"AKjSte.tJYMt'