i. A T tBOURBONNEWSt?TiKrtm?murM&mwm i HXktSsL ' ?. 'itunglMHf 'ym&MM. ''.'- 4TltPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY DS' THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FnMO, F&33UARY17, 1922If a r.rlBr-Z Iv' ' ft30DY OF JAMES CAIN AEEIVESAT OLD HOMEBack from the soil of France,where it had lain since the days ofthe world-war, the body of JamesCain, Bourbon county boy, killed inaction in one of the great battles inFrance, arrived in Paris, yesterdayafternoon, at 3:30 o'clock, and wastaken to the home of nis father,John P. Cain. The body, accompanied from amp Knox, at Louisville,by a guard of honor composed of twomembers of the regular army, wasmet at thf. Tenth street passengerstation of he L. & N. by a pickeddetail from Bourbon Post of theAmerican Legion, who acted as apersonal escort to the home.The funeral will be held at theChurch of the Annunciation, in thiscity, at 2:30 o'clock, Sunday afternoon, with services conducted byRev. Father William O'Hare. Theburial will take place on the family lot in the Catholic Cemetery,-where the fallen hero will be givena military burial with all the honors due a man who gave his life inthe defense of liberty and freedomof the world.HUET BY OWN ENGINEJas. McGarr, "L. & N. engineer,who formerly made Paris his headquarters, was seriously hurt recentlyin an accident which occurred nearPatio. Mr. McGarr had left his en.gine, and was examining the pipeleading from the sand box to therails when the engine was startedup in some unaccountable manner.Mr. McGarr was knocked down and.seriously injured, but saved his lifeby rolling between the tracks. Hewas removed to his home at Rosedale, near Covington. Mr. McGarris "well-known here and is very popular with the railroad men in thissection.oNEW MANAGER -INTERESTING REVIVAL AT THEMETHODIST CHURCHThe revival which began at theMethodist church Sunday under theauspices of Rev. Dr. C C. Jarrell, ofAugusta, Ga., and singing evangelistC. P. Gossett, of Wilmore, has continued with unabated interest throughthe week. Rev. Jarrell is an oratorof great eloquence and power, andgives a message much out of the ordinary. He is ably assisted by Mr.Gossett, who has installed an augmented choir and trained chorus,making the song service one of greatinterest. Services are held twice aday, at 9:45 a. m. and at 7:30 p. m.,except on Sunday when the usualservice will be held at 10:45. In arecent sermon Dr. Jarrell gave thesebrilliant sidelights:"When preachers don't co-operate,hell holds a jubilee.""You ask me if the world is worse'than it has ever been, and I tell youyes, if it grows much worse it willrot and fall to pieces."The following is a brief summaryof Dr. Jerrell's sermon deliveredWednesday night:"The South Wind Blew Softly."Acts 27:13."This is a marvelous chapter. Itis the story of how the great preacher, Paul, reaches his cherished desireby a strange route. He is to set facetoward Rome, being delivered withother prisoners into the hands ofJulius, a centurion ofband. Boating: in contrary windsthey come along the coast of AsiaMinor to Mwra. At this place thecenturion found a ship of Alexandriasailing into Italy and the prisonerswere placed aboard this ship. InNEW POOLCONTRACTS READYWould Pledge Crops of 1922 AndFor Four Succeeding Years toBurley PoolEVERY GROWER SHOULD SIGNMATRIMONIALA&VA Record of Ban Cupid's Boings AsThe Days Go By- RADER BAXTEREdward Baxter, twenty-seven,of Richmond, and Miss Thelma Rader, twenty-seven, of London, Ky.,were married in this city Tuesday atthe home of the officiating minister,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church.sailing west against the winds theyMr. J. C. Bell, of New York, hastaken charge as manager of "TheKress Stores, in Paris, to succeed Mr.J. G Jones, who retires on accountof ill health.Mr. Bell is a former newspaperman, having been engaged in the advertising game in New York andother cities in the East for manyyears. His father, Mr. J. W. Bell,was for many years a traveling salesman representing the Challenge Ma-Jchinery Co., manufacturers ofprinting and paper cutting machines, and was well-known to allnewspaper men and printersthroughout Kentucky.The greatest asset of all politicalparties is prejudice."P Know Row"MothersandFathersLook Here!To raise cash we haveplaced on sale a lot ofBoys'All WoolSuits .at$4.50A price you cannot afford to pass for a Boy'sAll Wool Suit.,Be among the thriftybuyers and shop athome We can alwaysgive you the best values.Mitchell &Blakemoremade slow headway. They sail under Crete, barely escaping its easterncape, Salmone, and come to a placecalled Fair Heavens."At this place the preacher, Paul,advises that they remain here as itwas too late to sail, for in so doingthey might suffer not only the lossof the lading of the ship, hut alsotheir lives as well. The world advised differently. The others saidthis harbor is too narrow, let usmake Phenice. The soldiers said,'On to Rome!' The sailors said,'there is not enough excitement herein this small place, let us move onto a larger place, so we may havethe pleasure and excitement of thecity life.' The Captain said, 'I mustcomplete my voyage and prepare foranother.. I will be losing both timeand money to remain at this place.'The owner of the cargo said, 'I-must put my wheat on the marketWhile the price is good.' The devilcasts the deciding vote, and said,'The South Wind Blows Softly, andit will be ideal sailing.' So thedevil and the world out-votes thepreacher, as they always do. Theship starts on its voyage."Let us hold council: The worldsays religion and the church is fartoo narrow. Political people say religion is too narrow for us. Businesspeople say religion is too narrow.Social people say religion is too narrow. There are mothers in Pariswho would rather see their daughters laid away in a coffin than havethem spoken of as 'wall flowers.'The common people say there is notroom enough in religion for us."The preacher says, Godliness isprofitable for two worlds, for thisworld and the one to follow. Sintakes people to hell and takes hell tothe people. The peril of this houris that religion is the only hope inaverting disaster and this can onlybe done by promoting a revival. Youjmen in Paris get religion and thising over this fair Blue Grass sectionwill be lifted."The devil sends a nice wind. Healways starts people to hell with asoft wind. The old ship makes itstart and all is well for the SouthWind Blew Softly. What a fool the,old preacher was to advise usI against making the voyage. Everyjbody is happy. Prosperity smiles.The preacher outwitted again, butwait!"On they sail, but not long afteri there arose a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon. The small boatskipping on merrily behind is takenup and the old ship is undergirded.The Euroclydon strikes! Theydrive under a lea of clouds. The second day the ship is lightened of someof its burden. The third day thetackling is cast out. In the blindingstorm the sailors cry out that theyare nearing the quicksand and theyseek to steer away. For ten daysthe awful agony is prolonged. Thereis no south wind with which theycan land. The devil is jubilant!All on ship seek the council of thepreacher. Yes, and you people inParis will always seek the preacherwhen there is illness in your home oryou suffer some great calamity.There are people in Paris that aredancine: risrht over the nit of hell'and the only thing that keeps themjfrom falling in is the breath of life-which is spared them by, the Al-. mighty God.i "The sequelNew contracts pledging the tobacco crop of 1922 and the fouryears following to the co-operativemarketing plan of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association have been printed and will goout to the cpunty organizations ofthe association, Chief of the FieldService Division Joseph Passonneausaid yesterday morning.Colonel Passonneau also announced that eighty-eight contracts representing 239.25 acres of tobaccohad been received by his office during the past week.The new contracts contains thesame provisions as to the handlingof the tobacco by the association asare included in tne old contract.The new members pay the sameAugustus' membership fee. The grower hasthe right to stop growing tobaccoif he desires, butif he produces anyit must be turned over to the association to be marketed.The new blank contains spacesfor the reporting of the amount oftobacco grown in 1921, the amountpledged for 1922, and if the grower,at the time of the contract, has anyold tobacco on hand he delivers itto the association to be marketed.Chief Passonneau said that everytobacco grower in the district wouldbe given opportunity to sign up his1922 tobacco, along with his production for the four succeedingyears.Chief Passonneau said ttiat he hada report from Danville that a cropowned by McKinney Williams andCompton Brothers sold there the pastweek was divided, Williams sellinghis share over the loose leaf floor at$7.84 a hundred. Compton Brothers,whose share was pledged to the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation, received on delivery oftheir crop an average of $8.89 ahundred.Another report from Dan,yille wasto the effect that the independenthouse there sold 10,000 poundsTuesday at prices ranging from 1 to15 cents a pound.DORSEY CARRICKERRev. John A. Carricker, pastorof the Presbyterian church at Elizaville, and Miss Elizabethdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Sam Dorsey, of near Elizavllle, were marriedin Louisville. Tfiey were accompanied to Louisville by Porterv Williams, of Fleming county, and MissMcKinley, of Paris. The weddingwas a surprise to most of theirfriends.?vBAftiETBALL PLANS MEET WITHENTHUSIASMAt a meeting of promoters of theBlue Grass League, held at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Friday nightfinal steps were taken toward perfecting the organization. While two ofthe towns in the League failed tosend representatives to the meetingassurance was given that they wouldput teams in the field and would lineup with the leaguers.It was announced that Cynthianafans had already raised the sum of$2,000 toward financing the team forthat city. The stock was put on salelast week in blocks of five shares forfifty dollars, and no one was permitted to buy more than one block. InParis the necessary funds have beenDorsey, j secured or pledged for maintenanceoi tne club, and the same is true mLexington. Richmond's merchantswill uniform and finance their club,it was announced.George . D. Speakes, of Paris,sounded one of the subsidiary purposes of the League when he said:"It will be a typical baseball farm.When one of our players shows realclass on this circuit we will not atFARROW MITCHELL tempt to keep him down, but willMiss Mary Farrow and Charles send him to a league of higher rat.. . ., . , , -r-. j I incr All lna Iiavc r-F Ponfi-ol Vn-rLee Mitchell, both of Paris, securedmarriage license Tuesday; and weremarried by County Judge GeorgeBatterton, in his private office in thecourt house.'The bride has been for severalmonths employed as an operator inthe Paris exchange of the Cumberland Telephone Co. In the pasttwo years six young women operators in the Paris exchange have for-,saken singleness and taken- husbands "for better or for worse."Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell will reside inParis.BASKETBALL NOTESKENTUCKIANS LOVE THE GOODOLD STATEA bulletin of the United StatesCensus Bureau issued this weekshowed that out of a total populationin 1920 of 2,416,630 persons, 2,134,989 were born in Kentucky and 30,906 were foreign born.'Next to Kentucky, Tennessee furnished the largest number of Kentuckians, with 71,535, or 3 per centof the total. There were 40,225 Kentuckians who were born in Ohio; 31,918 born in Indiana; 20,444-iborn inVirginia; 11,975 born in Illinois and10,453 born in West Virginia. Noother States furnished as much asfour-tenths of one per cent of thestate's population.Of the 2.416,630 inhabitants ofKentucky, 180,560 were whites,235,938 were negroes, andthe remaining 132 were Indians, Chinese,Japanese' and other non-whites.ATTEND THE BOGEES SALE FEBRUARY 18, AT 10 A. M.One of the best farms-in Bourboncounty, comprising 245.08 acres, belonging to the estate of Miss SallieRogers, in the Cane Ridge vicinity,will be sold at public auction Saturday, February 18, at ten o'clock, a.m. Sale conducted by George D.Speakes. An opportunity of a lifetime. Read display ad in this issue.JOHN W. JONES,(14-2t, Agent for Heirs.. o tSALE OF EDIBLESThe Latin Club of the Paris HighSchool, will have a sale of ediblesat the Paris .Realty Co.'s office, onSaturday, February 18. All donations welcome. Everybody come andbuy, (14-2t)The lives of wvo well-known youngpeople representing prominentBourbon and Shelby county families,were united yesternay afternoon atwere united yesterday afternoon atthe Sellbach Hotel, in Louisville,when Miss Anna Wilson, of Paris,and Mr. Charles Hollenbach, of Shelbyville, were married. The ceremonywas performed by the rector of theShelbyville Episcopal church.The bride, a lovely young woman,was handsomely gowned in bluePaulette crepe with gown, cape andhat to match, and with a corsage bouquet of sweet violets. The ceremonywas witnessed by a few intimatefriends of the bride and bridegroom.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Hollenbach left for a brief wedding tripOn thejr return they will reside inShelbyville, where the bridegroom hasbusiness interests. Mr. Hollenbachrecently completed a handsome homein Shelbyville, which he and his fairbride will occupy.The bride is a daughter of Mr.t01! t Wilsnn- of Cincinnati,- formerly of Paris, and a granddaughterof Dr. J. A. Wilson, of Pans. Sheis a very attractive young woman, ?with a host o inenas in lcGrass region, who are extending theirsincere congratulations and gooawishes.BOARDMAN HOPKINSMiss Sue Boardman, senior stu-yflpnt- at the University of Kentucky,and Mr. Richard Hopkins, a f ormer jstudent, both of Little Rock, Bour-jbon county, were married Tuesday Iafternoon at 5 o'clock at the home;nf nr A- W. Fortune, the officiating'minister, in Elsmere Park, Lexington. The young couple left immediately after the ceremony tor a weuding trip in the South. On their return they will live on the farm ofthe bridegroom in Bourbon county.Attendants at the wedding wereMisses Dorothy Blatz, Louisville,and Roxanne Trimble, Russellville,Mr. Newton Malloy, Murphreesboro,Tinn., Mr. Raymond Kirk, Lexington The bride is a member of AlphaXi TJelta fraternity of the University and her bridesmaids were herfraternity sisters. Mr. Hopkins is aKappa Sigma.The bride is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Elmer C. Boardman, ofTnttle Rock. She has been prominent in many student activities dur- Iing her four years at the University, jMr. Hopkins ana nis Dnae nave uwulifelong friends and sweethearts.The bride wore a Diue travelingcostume, with henna hat. Her corsage bouquet was of violets and liliesof the valley.omg. All the boys of Central Kentucky will have an opportunity ofbreaking into the big show throughthe Blue Grass League." The Parisrepresentatives announced that theywere already signing up players forithe coming season and expected tohave at least thirty-five candidatestrying out for the team.Capt. William Neal, secretarytreasurer of the Louisville ball club,will be invited to attend one of themeetings in the near future and explain the rules of the National BaseBall Association to the managers.The next conference of the league or- jgamzers will be held m the courthouse in jParis 8on Thursday night.Towns interested in placing teams inthe league are requested to send representatives to the Paris meeting.In anticipation of the reorganization of the League, James Daugherty, owner of the ball park whichwas the home of the old Blue GrassLeague team, Will begin as soon asthe weather permits, to restore thegrounds to their former condition.The grandstand will be repaired,!bleacher seats erected and thegrounds leveled and put in firstclass shape for the season. Everything points to a resumption of theformer interest in baseball in Paris,when this was considered one of thebest base l)all towns in Central Kentucky.The Paris High School basket ballteam go north to-day to take a second try at the Covington and Dayton quintests. This will be thfourth journey out of town. Thowho saw th? Covington and Daytos.games that were played at Pariknow that the visitors won feotkthese games by a small margin overthe Paris boys, and with Tucker doing his good work on the local quin.tet the P. H. S. boys are going- toavenge the recent defeats handedthem.The Paris boys will be gone aboutthree days. They play at Covington, Friday, February 24, and onthe following day they play Dayton.We must all remember that the Dayton clan did not take all the spoils,the P. H. S. girls defeated the visitors by a score of 23 to 6. The girlsare going to repeat the performance, according to the idea of Captain Wallingford, of the girls' team.The basket ball team of the Cynthiana Christian church defeated theParis Y. M. C. A. team in a gameat Cynthiana by the score of 37to 17.The Paris High School and Somer?set High School teams will meet oathe local floors in a game to-night.The Somerset team defeated Paris intheir last set-to by a score oft28 to6. With Tucker in good form Pariexpects to trim the Somerset ladto-night.TELLS "THE TB.TJTH ABOUT-GALILEO"GENUINE 0Rf) I'ifETS.We have just received a new shipment of Ford parts. 'All kinds, socall on us when your Ford needs repairs. WHITE FRONT GARAGE.Taking for his theme, "The Truth'About Galileo," Rev. William O'Hareof Paris, delivered a most entertaining and instructive address to theLexington Knights of Columbus attheir hall Monday night. FatherJudermann, of Nicholasville, alsomade a short talk. Father O'Haretold of the theory of 'the great Italian astronomer, that the earth Isround and revolves around the sun,like other planets in the solar system, and how he was persecuted bythe people of his day for teachingwhat was termed "heresy" by thosewho differed from him.A WOBB TO THE WISE.Why don't you take, advantage ofyour good chance to buy the neweststyles in Oxfords or Pumps in all thenewest shades, of leather and newstyle heels at a great saving whileour price adjustment sale is now infull swing.FRIEDMAN'S SHOE STORE.FRANK & CO.LADIES OUTFITTERStothe moral southj wind prosperity, .pleasure andiworldiness. There are girls in thistown who would -be religious if itwere not forvYheir mothers. V-Theto dance, play cards, be in societyand win a rich husband and theyare not particular about what pricethey pay to achieve their desires.Your sons gamble on races, and inthe crap game, and you are horrorstricken. Don't blame your sons,you mothers are doing the samething, in a little different way. Ifthere is" a chance of losing or winning, tnat is gamDiing. xuu. womenare a little nicer than the men, thatis all. You selL tickets and buy theprizes and' then play for the prize.Your homes are heading for thequicksands Some day you willlisten tb the preacher and make himlisten to your" sorrows. The southTiri4;WowB-,,soltly at first, but it willland "you into the pit of hell:'-' HaVETERANS GO TO FRANKFORTSeveral members of Bourbon Post,American Legion, went to Frankfortyesterday to be present when theState bonus bill came up. Many ofthe former service men are opposedto the bonus, while the greater majority are in favor of it. The Bourbon county men were interested,4.o,vr.c ptiH watched the proceedings in the law-making industry witha great deal of concern. They. returned last night, in company withthe Lexington delegation.EXTRA SPECIAL PRICE ADJUSTMENT SALEWe will sell on Saturday, February 18, and Monday, February. 20,our newest arrivals in ladies' Oxfords in, golden brown, swing-tips,Tubber military heels, that webought ia4tllfo$ 6.00,, for $3.95.,. ' FR'lEtoMAN'S SHOE STORE.We will Continue OurSALEFor 10 Days Longer in Otfl:Ready - to - Wear DepartmentSPECIALSOne LotSILK WAISTS each.One LotSILK WAISTS each.$zoo.$3.75EARLY SHOWING OFSpring Wash GoodsFLAXONS GINGHAMSDOTTED SWISSES GAZE MARVELS ,AND RATINESgFRANK&GO.M LADIES' OUTFITTERS ,. I !T'l '. ' iI4motherswant.their daughtersx:'Si ?i fnJsL'ijK. Wj:,r " rJ3 -?jS&VS-TIIXuvjfy'&Ifs2Ar&L- Vv ' f-rtUr-Xvir?,sV,-A.'$$-ifc.'y-'' ' 1miign--t?S 1r."Vr-KPAGE TWO,THETHE BOURBON NEWSZft&tiisbed 188141 Years of Continuous PublicationPittished Every Tuesday and! Fridayej Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.IW3TT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,PMtoffie as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)TE POEEIGN EEPEESENTATIVES. New York American Press Asspition. Chicago Lord & Thomas.jRiiladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertech for first time; 60 cents per incheach- subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter,, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich, may appear in the columnsf THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSA sunny day in winter timeI heard a little wren twitterI ought to fling a stone at himThe optimistic critter!Here's what they work at every day,. These pencil-slinging hamsrWho dash off in their own small wayThese things "called "epigrams."Pretty Paris girls of the adolescent-stage, who would want to kill themselves because "nobody cares forthem" ought to form the 'acquaint-,-ance of a good cow. There's noth"ing like fresh, rich milk to tide airl over this dangerous period.'Engineers have already picked"twenty-one serious flaws in the faulty construction of the wreckedKnickerbocker Theatre at Washington, D. C, "otherwise the buildingwas all right." Some consoluationto the survivors. 'There is a great deal of iron inraisins.- Is that why you feel as ifyou had swallowed ten pounds ofhorseshoe slugs with some of theshaving the morning after yourJest friend has treated you, proudly,to a little of his home brew?Many of our acquaintances do noteven know who their great-grandfatherswere. Why then should thesefellows be disturbed about who their-ancestors were 6,000,000 years ago?It is our advice 10 turn your faceto the future, and be more concerned about where you are going toland.Tou may have many years of graceBefore your steps begin to lag,But when old age creeps on apace,Your .trousers will begin to bag.But don't get peeved or vexed orsore;JIndure as meekly as you can,The greeting of the friendly bore"You sure are sliding fast, old man."The fears expressed by some thatthe moon might drop out of her orbit25 scouted by prominent astronomers.Here in the city of Paris, Ky., weiave the reassuring fact that moonshine is now so popular that a syndicate would probably be formed toiold Luna in place if she showedsigns of toppling over.The Day's ThoughtOf all the business sins of whicha man may be guilty, disloyaltycomes over the peak. You work fora man, or a firm, and 'you receive acertain wage or compensation for it.This does not give them absolutepossession of your mind, body andsoul, but is does demand your mental and physical effort.He had been vainly trying to keepp interest in the movie picture being shown at the Paris Grand Wednesday night, but was having a hardtime of it. Behind him sat a row ofgiggling, gossipping, popcornmunching women, whose inane talkalmost drove him to despair. Finally, in desperation, he leaned over tolis neighbor, and remarked in aToice loud enough to be heard several rows down: "By golly, if goodId St. Peter wasTliving he certainlyJ34. say: "it your women keepsilent in public places." The chat-terlstopped at once.Fashion writers say the conservatives had as well be prepared forthe girl in knickerbockers. Whatdo you mean "prepared"? Didn'tthe most conservative, see the girlwithout her knickerbockers at everybathing place last summer?'Pink "nighties" are figuring inthe latest scandal in Hollywood'smotion picture colony. Color schemesin that distempered community arecarried out with artistic fidelityrouge the hectic life and the"blood red rose of lust."This is an uhgreatful world,surely! As soon as a man dies hisrelatives all rush to the local papersand want published a two-hundredword card of thanks!The Legislature has been in session more than a month. The session is more than half spent, andnothing has been done so far to relieve the taxpayers. Appropriations,bond issues and spending moneyhave been about the only things discussed. If mattery go on in thismanner it will Tje easy sledding tomake the taxpayers believe theworld is flat, and that they originated from monkeys.O-TNEWS OF THE COURTS'Two young white men, giving several names, and having in their possession a number of chedks withnames of farmers of the countysigned to them, were arrested byPatrolman Lusk, after they had attempted to get one of the checkscashed at a local store. They arebeing held for investigation. Themen, who claimed Estill county as'their home, were arrested as theywere boarding an L. & N. train atthe Tenth street passenger station.In the County Court, FrenchFrench, alias "Sook" Clay, arrestedby Patrolmen Lusk and Turner on acharge' of unlawfully selling a halfpint of whisky to George Thomas,colored, was "eriven a hMrinn- lofvJudge George Batterton, and held touie grana jury in the sum of $500.Clay was placed under arrest by the'officers in the yard in the rear ofJames. Connelly's nool room, nn Tvr.nistreet.John Jones, a colored preacher,who was indicted by a recent Bourbon county grand jury on a charge ofstealing a turkey belonging to RevJ. T. Sharrard, and who had been afugitive from justice, was arrestedby Sheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriff James Qibson, and wasreleased on bond.In the County Court, LizzieBrooks, colored, was annnintori ajministrator of the estate of her hus-oana, Hal Brooks, colored grocer,who died a. few davs as-n Sho m.oi.ified for the trust -by furnishing4bond in the sum of S2K0 w,-ii xxA. Power as surety.TOBACCO IS MOVINGt To get some conception of whatthe Burlev m-nnprntiuo tv.oi,corporation means to Kentucky, getIU J""1 r ana taKe a ride throughthe Bluegrass region. The mostnotable thing on the road is the bigtruck with its load of tobacco under the tarpaulin. Multiply this bycuuaauus ana men tne idea willcome that Kentucky is by way of receiving a rich return for organizingm behalf of a great money crop.The burley crop isnot confined tothe Bluegrass, but this region issuggested for observation because itsroads are in fairly good condition.The tobacco movement could be seenin other districts, but the problemuum oe to nnd a good road to reachthe scene.Tobacco hauling is a problem inmany counties. The winter seasonmakes miry ditches where highwaysare supposed to be.The big truck, rumbling alongover a good road,; carrying its farmproduct to be marketed under modern conditions nrocont. ...Kentucky abreast with the spirit ofmeentaSVf efficiency and enlighten-The four-mule too ..little wagon with its small load oftobacco up unreasonably steep hillsand through senselessly deep mud toa co-operative-market has one pointKentucky strne-Hino. x.i . ""b lu iaKe if?Place m the forefront of progress.A good market demands goodTatin faciIities' This ieansgood highways. When Kentucky hasnut Z Ul f, the mire entire andnut her wheels on metal surfacedroads progress will be guaranteed inevery line of endeavor SustainUn?mfenKWiU hrins cIearer conception of what good schools and goodgovernment mean to a peopleTobacco is moving; so is Ken-but fh. ThG radS are not a11 SOd,but they are improving and all leadto the goal of great achievement.The Usual Conclusion."Well, my dear," said the fond parKit to his wife, "i haven't learnedwhether our boy will achieve successIn the Marine corps, or not But onething I am sure of. If he makes good,It will be because he had such excellent home trntnlnir a i .-&i uu la. in goemwrong, It will be the fault of the serviceThe Leatherneck..jwwjyw.JPPARIS,,A girl is prettiest if she doesn'tknow that she is.HAEOiir BAUER, sWOODlAjh) iff-DITOBIUM, FRIDAY, JEB.r 17Harold Bauer, the master pianist,who will give the fourth concert inthe Artist Series this season inWoodland Auditorium, Lexington,Friday night, February 17, at 8:15p. m., is ranked one of the four ofthe world's greatest pianists to-day.Mr. Bauer has made nine appearances in concert and with' orchestrain.v New York City this season arecord broken for a concert artist.He is always greeted with a packedhouse. in New York City. Mr. Bauer'sappearance with orchestras this season include Boston Symphony Orchestra, the New York PhilharmonicOrchestra, the New York SymphonyOrchestra, the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra, Cleveland Symphony Orchestra, Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra, Los Angeles Symphony Orchestra . and San , FranciscoSymphony Orchestra. aMr. Bauer has appeared annuallywith most of these orchestras for anumber of years, as this is his twenty-secondyear in concert in thiscountry.Mr. Bauer has always been a favorite, and this year he is meetingthe greatest success of his career.The Lexington College of Music ispromoting this concert. There aregood seats, both in the balcony andfirst floor. Prices, $1.10, $1.65,$2.20, $2.75 war tax included.(adv)HOW'S THIS ?HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE willdo what we claim for it rid your systemof Catarrh or Deafness caused by catarrh. We do not recommend it for anyother dis63.S6HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aliquid, taken internally, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe system, thus reducing the inflammation and assisting Nature in restoringnormal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo, Ohio.Banner LyemmP is easy to useNo otherlye is packed sosafely and conveniently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfectsso easily and thoroughly as Banner Lye. Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever known. Use it for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, forsoftening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in half.Makes pure soapand saves money besides. A can ofBanner Lye, 5 pounds of kitchen grease,ten minutes' easy work (no boiling or largekettles), and you have 10 pounds of best hardsoap or 20 gallons of soft soap.Banner Lye Is soli by your erocer or druggists.Write to us for free booklet, " Uses of Banner Lye.The Penn Chemical Works Philadelphia U A(27jan-25t-F)FEEDAcme Minerals9Htnerats EEWamJsttiQTBj J snfiHfi f1KENTUCKTff.,GROWS THE BONEINCREASES GAINSSAVES FEEDJFed to hogs for 5c per monthAcme Minerals are madeaccording to the 1920COMPLETE MINERAL MIXTUREformula ' as, worked out atIowa Experimental StationThe various salts ACME MINERALS contain FIGHT the free intestinal worms successfully.If your hogs are down in the back,these minerals jwill put them onI their feet.Will ship mixed, or will ship eachingredient sacked separately at thesame price and you can mix it.yourself.Send for complete FREEFORMULA and ourLOW PRICES.ACME MINERAL CO.GEO. H. a F. W. SIMPSON. OWNERSWHEATON, ILL.Geo. H. Simpson is the maker ofAcme Pig Meal, equal to milk,Protein 28 K , Weans the pigs Right,retains the Baby Fig Fat, preyeatsRmats and Setbacks. Fed as Cheapas Host Grows Groim.For Sale ByA, .Q, PLUMIV1ER..vMILLERSBURG, KY.v District Manager." plJibHhOplnlon.' PuDlfcopinlonlsfotfen wrong In thebeginning; it Is always right in theend. And the reason is that, at first,it is formed by the passions of the unthinking many, ignorant of mankind,but interested in passing events; atlast on the reason of the thinkingfew, whose judgment had been enlightened by experience, to whom alonethe past is an object of interest, andby whom the verdict of posterity laformed. Alison. , jo-Limited Rule."Believe yourself happy and you arehappy," says a "writer. Unfortunatelyvthat rule doesn't work when a manthinks he is wise,- for then he Is otherwise. 4oIt is better to have an honest enemy than a false friend.TOBACCO SEEDGenuine Judy's Pride TobaccoSeed for sale, $1.25 per ounce. Seethe undersigned at the tobacco warehouses. (3feb-tf) S. K. NICHOLS.We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods..A large line of heating stoves nowon display. Get our prices beforeyou buy.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf)TREESFor Spring Planting!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsStrawberriesGrape VinesPerennialsEvergreensHedgingEtc.Seed PotatoesEverything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden. A largeillustrated catalog and guidesent on request.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsA Nursery Word in KentuckyLexington, Kentucky(U1115apr)V4FRIDAY TBBRUARC IT, 1122TFONEERLet m.e he your auctioneer for'sales of any kind. I have had fouryears' experience as auctioneer, andI will try my very best to give youa good deal. My rates will he satisfactory. Give me a trial. At Ford-ham Hotel after February 12.BRYAN WILLIAMS.(jan31-tf)HELP WANTEDYoung men, women, over 17 desiring government positions, $130monthly; write for free list of positions now open.J. LEONARD,(Former Civil Service Examiner),.935 Equitable Bldg., Washington,D. C. C7-2t)TOBACCO SEEDSelected long leaf Kelly TobaccoSeed, from fancy rop, making over2,000 pounds to acre, $1.00 anounce.MISS IDA THOMAS,Care Douglas Thomas,Cum. Phone 360. Paris. Ky.'a-lino)B&NK STOCKLiberty Bonds, Etc.ATPublic Auction!At the sale of the farm land ofthe late Miss Sallie J. Rogers, whichwill be held on the premises, 1 mileWest of Little Rock, and 10 milesEast of Paris, on the Stone Turnpike, onSATURDAY, FEB. 18AT 10 A. M.I will offer for sale to the highestbidder, the following:8 Shares North Middletown Deposit Bank Stock;10 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co. Stock;50 Shares Carlisle Mercury Co.Stock;$4,500 worth of Third LibertyBonds;$500 worth of First Liberty Bonds.WARREN M. B0GEES,Administrator(31-7-10-14-17)Dissolution SaleMonday, February 20, 2 P.At the Court House Door.In order to dissolve the partnership now existing between JoeReffett, of Paris, and Will Morrison, of Cynthiana, we will sell at PublicAuction, on the above named date, a certain tract of land, consisting of62. 45t acres, located about 7 miles from Paris, 1 mile from Jacksonville,and a short distance off the Jacksonville and Brentsville pikes, betterknown as the De Ricej Johnson farm, and part of the old Lee Smithplace.The property is improved by a five-room frame cottage, one 10-acretobacco barn, a good cistern at the door, and never failing stock water.Every acre of this land has strong producing powers, is all good,deep soil and is all in grass except 16 acres, which is sowed in barleynow.The farm has to sell, postitively no by-bidding or reserve.For further information, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Cor. Sixth and Main, Farmers & Traders Bank.Home Phone 394, Cumberland 450. or the owners,(14-2t)JOE REFFETT or WILL MORRISON.FINE BOURBON LAND AT AUCTIONSaturday, February 18th, at 10 A. M. On the PremisesScale 500 Ptt id 11 WcTl.jJ v ' ' s v x 'x "v f X S s' x 1 v:, ! f $r f Vv . A . X v. v f ,r aV1 Jr 4A245.08 Acres on Cane RidgeEstate of Miss Sallie J.Rogers10 Miles East of Paris l'Milc West of Little Rock 4 Miles N. E. of N. Middletownh These splendid farms lie in thevery richest section of Bourboncounty. They are all in blue grass,with ttie exception of 10 acres onj tract No. 4. A considerable amountI of this land is virgin soil; verylittle of it has been plowed in manyyears and it has been well takencare of. It is in the heart of thebest burley tobacco growing land inthe Blue Grass Region. Each tractfronts on the turnpike and is wellwatered. Considerable young walnut, sugar tree, oak and ash timber.In graded school district, close tochurches .at Cane Ridge, LittleRock and North Middletown. Splen-! did opportunity to buy a small farmproductive enough, to pay for itselfin a few years, and establish a homeEach tract will be sold separately and then the tracts lying on eachside of the pike as a whole.TRACT NO. 1 Contains 82.08acres and adjoins the farm ofWarren M. Rogers. Has a threeroom tenant house. There is considerable virgin soil on this tract,which is well timbered. Wateredby pond and spring; fronts on Stoneturnpike. All in blue grass.TRACT NO. 2 Contains 61.11acres. Adjoins farm of ElmerBoardman and Jas. Duncan, Somevirgin soil, small pond. Good timber on this tract. Fronts on turnpike. All in blue grass.TRACT NO. 3 Contains 50.86acres. Adjoins farms of Dr. Henryin one of the best neighborhoods inland Tom Reid. There is land onthe Blue Grass. Ithis tract that has never been plowed. Watered 'by branch. Fronts onpike. Good timber. All in bluegrass.TRACT NO. 4 Contains 51,03acres. Adjoins Flanders farm andfarm of Mrs. Robbins. All in bluegrass with exception of 10 acres.Blue grass land on this tract ba3not been plowed in some 50 years.Watered by branch. Fronts on pifce.Sale will be held on premises, rainor shine.There will be a fire in the houselocated on TRACT NO. 1 on day ofsale. Terms announced on day osale.Prospective buyers may call JoflnW. Jones, at North Middletown.Cumberland Phone 21 during the!day. or 66 at nteht. who will bglad to show them over the farm.ilGEORGE D. SPEAKES, AuctlMMtrJNO. W. JONES, Agt. For HeirsNorth Middletown, W-(91-7-14-17). ..- - , . ,i'X't. : ' V : ' ; .-. .vs - . . , v vA -SrjV.;-v '. n . .,H &M.vy vvJ $i .V.?FRIDAY, TBBRUARC. 170.922THEi. ..BeCTJBON'OTrKfc? PASIS. KKNTOCKl:a rsr -.f 4if 'White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery Service1 Repairs - Storage SuppliesCars Washedr AGE TUSH!fmi(tf)MMfyrtt 'g-fMC?1-?"GET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.?APaint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 - Home Phone 399MFU crHFMIf PI Bl WW k WfWWWEffective Sunday, February 19thReo Comfort Bus LineAll the way from Winchester to Paris, Georgetown, withclose connection for Frankfort, Shelbyville and Louisville.A. M. P. M.Leave Paris for Winchester x6:45 2:00" Paris for Georgetown x8:45 4:30" Winchester for Paris x7:45 3:15" Georgetown for Paris xl 0:00 5:40" Georgetown for Frankfort xl0:00 6:00" Center ville for Georgetown x9:15 5:00" Centerville for Paris xl0:30 6:10" Newtown for Georgetown x9:30 5:15" Newtown for Paris xl0:1 5 5:55Trips marked x do not run on Sunday. "On account of bad road and in order to gain time we havediscontinued Clintonville route and will in future use theWinchester pike only. No better road in the State to rideover. This Bus makes direct connection in Paris with ourBus for Norttf Middletown, Mt. Sterling, Owingsville andSharpsburg. Also close connections for Lexington and Cynthiana. The afternoon bus makes connection for Millersburgand Carlisle, - - .REO COMFORT BUS LINEFRED WECKESSERProprietor- : : -INew Schedule ,Eeo Comfort Bus LineEffective Monday, February 20thStarting on and after above date from Sharpsburg willmake direct connection in Mt. Sterling with Owingsville busfor Winchester. ' ,, A. M. P.M.Leave Sharpsburg ' x6:00 2:00" Mt. Sterling for Paris.. x6:45 3?O0" Mt. Sterling for Sharpsburg.. ...xl 0:1 5 6:00" North Middletown for Paris x7:20 3:45" Paris for Mt. Sterling x8:45 4:30" N..Middletown for Mt. Sterling... x9:30 5:15Runs marked x do notrrun on Sunday.Close connection in Paris for Cincinnati fast train 8:08a, m.; also buses for Lexington, "Georgetown, Frankfort, Cynthiana, Millersburg. and Carlisle; $ 'REO COMFORT BUS LINEFRED WECKE5SER, ProprietorP. S. Keep this for future 'referetfee. ,TOBAtCO MENARE ACTIVEGreatly Heartened and EncouragedBy Advances, They ContinueDelivery of TobaccoaSTATEMENT PROM ME. STONEA SWEET tITf LEBABY BOYMakes a Bright Spot in EveryHome. A Comfort inYears to ComeGreatly heartened and encouragedby the advances made, to growersthroughout the Burley district bythe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association, members ofthat organization are completingthe delivery of their crops to thereceiving plants of the association.No estimate was obtainable as to theamount of tobacco delivered sincethe warehouses opened, nor was itpossible to learn what amount ofmoney had been advanced to thegrowers.The chief development of theweek, however, was the circulationof reports that a large amount ofthe association tobacco had been soldto one of the large manufacturers.Discussing that report PresidentJames C. Stone, of the association,said he could not say what amountof tobacco had been sold nor givethe names of the buyers, but thatseveral sales had been made andthat others would be made, f"That's what this association wasorganized for," said Mr. Stone, "tosell tobacco, and we're selling it,and are going to sell more of it. Theprices we have received for what hasbeen sold have been entirely satisfactory to the growers who aremembers of the association.One of the most remarkable features connected with the openingof our floors to receive the association tobacco has been the fact thatin almost every instance the amountpaid our members as an advancehas been higher than the entire cropbrought last year, and that inmany instances the advance paid toour members for a half crop pledgedto the association has been as muchor nearly as much as the other half,not pledged, sold for on the independent loose leaf floors."The members of the associationare sitting steady in the boat and'they are happy and contented withthe present situation and withoutfear as to the future. agree withRalph Barker in his statement thatthe growers will never go backv tothe old system of marketing.""Landlords, members of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation, should make their contracts with tenants for 1922 andsucceeding years so as" to leave nodoubt about their right to controlall tobacco produced on their landsand should refuse to rent to tenantswho are not members of the associations," said Joseph Passonneau, ch'iefof the Field Service Division.It was reported, though not confirmed, that Leggett &. Myers hadpurchased from the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Associationabout twenty-two million pounds ofthe pooled crop at twenty-five centsa pound.No statement could be .securedfrom the Liggett & Myers Companynor the Burdey Association relativeto the amount or price, but 'Ralph M.Barker, director- of warehouses forthe association, said that a considerable amount had been bought for afigure which was very satisfactory.It was said that the outlook isbright for other big sales in the immediate future. Most of the nearlytwo millions pounds in the pool isexpected to be sold soon, and a'll theholdings without much delay.WWPlUlBP f IIIffikJfe illThere are still a few good oldfashioned women who dislike to-seetheir names in the papers.When daughter eats onions forsupper it is a 'sign that she is"not expecting company thai night.AnotherReal BargainMonarch 14& .ozCATSUPA Real 35c Value'" '-' forThis Week OnlyLogan HowardvfBolE'Ptiner 179Things"Th Home ok Goodv -toEat".APark Rapids, -Minnesota.-1 haveUKen your r medicine T.wHio V. tktr?K?!JS?IKo T7 .VrrCompound when Iwas a girl for painsauu'uexore ana altermy marriage. I nowhave. a sweet littlebaby boy and willsend you his Dictureif you wish to publishit. My sisters alsotake your medicinaand find it a greathelp, and I recom-ouimroexoTe tneir babies are born."Mrs. Wm. Johnson, Box 155, ParkTo marry and arrive at middle agewithout children is a great disappointment to many women. Think of the joyand comfort other women have in theirchildren as they grow older.Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has helped to bring great happiness to many families by restoring women to health. Often the childless homeis due to a run down condition of thewife, which may be helped by Lydiahi. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Itbrought health and happiness into thehome of Mrs. Johnson. Why not toyours?POULTRY AND EGG MARKETPeliveries of cream during theweek have been lighter than duringthe previous week. There is a well-,sustained demand for butter, withhigher prices ruling at the close ofthe week, resulting in higher pridesfor butterfat in producing sections.There has been a seasonal demandfor fresh eggs and while receipts areincreasing, prices have ruled fairlysteady during the week. As production increases, prices may be expected to work lower.The market for live and dressedpoultry has shown little change during the week, although there hasbeen a full supply available.The marketing of fowl will probably not continue on such a largescale during the next few months, asproducers will no doubt be inclinedto hold them back for egg production.The Price is Right. The Place is RightARE YOU RIGHT?Del Monte Sliced Pineapple No. 3 35cDel Mbrite Sliced Pineapple No. 1 16c'Del Monte Sliced Peaches No. 1. .-.. 1 9cDel Monte Royal Anne Cherries 24cDel Monte Mammoth White Asparaguslarge size ... 40cFan cy Evaporated Apricots, lb 1 30cGolden Age Macaroni 05cSugar Loaf Peas No. 1 ..- 20cElephant Corn . . . . , 1 5cArgo Red Salmon 30cTrue Blue Mince Meat 1 5cMountain Rose Coffee, pound T . 25c(1 pound free with each 10 pounds.)Ritter's Tomato Catsup 1 OcApple Sauce 20cOld Dutch Cleanser 10cGold Bar Asparagus No. 21-2 45cJello, all flavors 1 1 OcMonte Carlo Tissue Toilet Paper 1 OcExcelso Toilet Paper, small size 25 cPARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, ManagerTHAT DULL ACHINGDon't worry and complain about abad-back. Get rid of it! For weakkidneys, lame and achy backs, yourneighbors recommend Doan's KidneyPills. Ask your neighbor. Readthis statement:Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with very goodresults, for while I have never hadany serious kidney trouble, I can tellby the help they gave me that theywould be beneficial- for kidneytrouble. I had a dull aching acrossthe small of my back and my kidneysacted irregularly.. The use of Doan'sKidney Pills rid me of those complaints, and I have faith enough inthem that should I ever need a kidney remdy I would certainly useDoan's Kidney Pills."Mrs. Mastin gavethe above statement November 9, 1916, and on November 13, 1920, she added: "I stillhave the same good opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills as when I endorsed them before and I use t6emoccasionally when I require a kidneytonic. They never fail to do megood and I am always telling myfriends of the merits of Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsmply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)FARMERIH, PARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000,00; OFFICERSFrank P. Kiier, PrelaideniS. 1. Weathers, yiee President'W. Vfi. Mltctfell, CashierJno. W. Terkei, Asa't CaahlerDab Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...f JUNE & 1921Capital $150,OGO.tSurplus and Profits 122,500.68Stockholders' Liabilities 15t,000.00Protection to Depositors $422,500.00Established 1851Peoples Deposit BankC& Trust Co.Paris, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE IT.OFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, President C. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pret.-CashierGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres. GEO. L. DOYLE, Assiseant CashierROBT. METEER. Vice.Pres.Be a Good . Be a GoodOxy-Acetylene J AutomobileWelder MechanicGood Positiocs Good PayWe Train You Quickly andThoroughly In Our ShopsNew Day and Night Classes Starting NowWrite Immediately For Fall InformationY. M. C. A. AUTO SCHOOLLOUISVILJJB, KENTUCKYTHE TTNtVERSAL CARDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o, b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922Chassis :.::: $285Runabout 319Touring Car :...... 348Truck Chassis .i 430Coupe ..,.. 580Sedan ,..' 64S(F. O. B. DETROIT) 'J RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYmc-eJlJBourbon News Adevrtisers Get ResultvIvM-sVUt-Ii -XM4Pfi f-i?11?..3-l-' SyJihH'fcafJGfS.; ; ; ' - & -v -ut"Jf .s""V3.4XT- "tJVis-i:-. r,PAGE FOUR1 ,."rTHEBOURBONS-?i"2-? .ifNCWS,paris;XINTUCKY?r " 3 - oAt-.xrxswi?NBH.FEBRUAJtCIT,PUBLIC SALE-OP-Y. K. C. A. HOTES"T"stock, imp:VLEHENTS, CROP,NETC.Having decided to dissolve partnership, we will sell at public auction, at the Clark place, (known asthe Champ arm), on the Paris andMillersburg pike, four miles midwayDetween each town, onTUESDAY, PEB. 28, 1922,beginning at 10 o'clock, the following live stock, farming implements,crop, etc., as follows:' 1 team of extra good work mares,in foal to jack;lvaged work and driving inare;1 three-year-old Shetland pony, agood one;4 No. 1 Jersey cows;I red cow, extra good milker;23 good grade ewes, due to lambMarch 10:1 Southdown buck;1 brood sow, due to farrow inApril;Mr Geo W. Brown, the late shoemanufacturer of St. Louis and formany years president of the St.Louis Y. M. C. A! has made that organization a bequest of $300,000for a new down town building.By Strenuous efforts the Y. M. C.A. International Committee, closedits books for 1921 without dSbrTHteY M C A. work is carried on in75 important cities of the world situated in 21 different countries. TheNorth American Y. M. C. A.'s contribute about one and quarter million dollars for this work.Secretary C. B. Harrison has received announcement that the firstmid-year Older Girls' Conferencewill be under the direction of theKentucky State Y. W. C. A.There are now reported 1,432 HiY Clubs with 41,000 members. TheParis Hi Y boys and girls both areengaged in the All Kentucky BibleStudy Contest,RML"raATEDEALSGeorge Insko recently purchasedtwo-horse wagon with combined J from Frank Collier, the oiq uuiyplace at iue mici.i,uUu . ---ana lviaysvinebed, good as new;McCormick mowing machine;McCormick hay rake;new Brinley cultivator;disc harrow;1 sixty-tooth smoothing harrow;2 breaking plows;,2 tobacco cultivators;1 corn drill;rubber tired buggy;Ford touring car;sets buggy harness;sets work harness;pony saddle and bridle;dozen pure bred Plymouth Rock !Chickens;Sharpless cream separator;lard press;iron kettle;1 fifty-gallon oil tank;About four tons of good mixedhay;About twenty barrels of pickedCP?!1 , 'Double trees, single trees, pitchforks and many other articles unsu-ally found on the farm, too numerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.T?J' CLARK & ECKLAR,Climb. Phone 85,Millershurg, Ky.BEYAN WILLIAMS, Auctioneer.(17-3t)North Middletownpikes, for a private price. Mr.Jtasko will occupy the residence.Through Harris, Speakes & Harris,of Paris, Henry J. Grosclfe, who hasrecently returned to Paris from Newport, purchased of Mrs. Elias Bishop,of Lexington, her one-story framecottage on. Scott avenue, for $3,400.The property is at present- occupiedby Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Price,who will give possession aboutApril 15. Mr. Grosche will engagein business in Paris again.The real estate firm of Harris,Speakes & Harris sold Wednesday atpublic sale on the premises, the country place of B. B- Smart, containing82 5-8 acres, located on the NorthMiddletown pike, near Paris, to theBourbon Lumber Company, for$240.25 an acre. There was only asmall crowd present due to the inclement weather, but the bidding was'lively jfejKflCHANCE POR LADIES - -Hemstitching and picoting attachment works on any sewing machine,easily adjusted. Price $2.50 withfull instructions.ORIENTAL NOVELTY CO.,Box 11, Corpus Christi, Texas.(It)JIU II M I! .miH-Mi"PUBLIC SALEWEDNESDAY, FEB. 22, Af 2sG0 P. M-We are authorized to sell for the owner, Mrs. Ruby Mansfield, herfarm of 11 acres and improvements located about 3 miles from Paris,on the Ruddles Mills pike. ..Improvements consist of a 3-r'ooni house, 2 porches,' a 5-acre tobaccobarn, and a double corn crib, all practically new.Do not overlook this opportunity, as it will be a positive sale.Terms easy and made known on day of sale."Tor information, apply to ," ' HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Corner Sixth and Main Streets-, -(17-21)or MRS. RUBY MANSFIELD.RELIGIOUSA Resume of 'Events In Religion!Circles For Present andFuture"The Pride of Paris"OUR FIRST SHIPMENT OFNEW SATINHATSIS SELLING FASTThe pretty new Spring shades"compel immediate decision ifyou desire the hat of yourchoice.Bonfire - Periwinkle - Tile BlueSerpentine- Rubelite-Majolicaare the latest styles.M0&DEPARTMENT STOREvPARIS KENTUCKYr-TSie Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church willmeet Sunday -evening: at 6:30. Thesubject will l)e: "The Source ofHappiness." Leader, Ferdinand Natgle. A special feature of the program will be short talks by severalof the business men of the city.Everyone is, invited."The world is fast becoming a vanity fair' of shanis, shows and shames.The Sunday Schools are filled withBible pictures and your streets arelined with bill-boards of lewd pictures." "When Protestant churches standtogether the world will take notice.""We make our choices first andthen our choices make "hit"A genuine revival of religion is inprogress at the Methodist Church andthose are not attending are missing agreat opportunity. Preaching of theold time Gospel every day at 9:45 a.m. and 7:30 p. m., by Dr. G. C. Jarrell Dr. Jarrell is moving hisaudinces in power and demonstration of the. Holy Spirit and God ishonoring his word.Mr. C. P. Gossett, the noted songevangelist, is rendering a great service in directing the singing. Severalnew voices have been added to the already large choir and the orchestra islending much to the excellent musicalprogram.Come tonight and bring yourfriends and attend this great revivalmeeting.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHPreaching Sunday morningand evening at .the regular hours.The service Sunday morning willbe a children's sermon. At the lastchildren's service the subject of thesermon was "The Sermon In AShow' This time the subject willbe "The Sermon In Colors." MissFrankie Butler, of the Chemistry Department of the Paris High School,is preparing the "sermon material"in her laboratory for,, the pastor.All the children of the SundaySchool are" requested to remain forthis service. The subject of theSunday night sermon will be: "AFool Success Made." This is thesecond sermon on Old Testamentcharacters being given at thischurch at the night services. Hoursof service: Sunday School, 9:30 a.m., Christian Endavor 6:30 p. mMpreactfing 10:55 a. m. and 7:15 p,hi. EV&rybbdy welcome.The Young Men's Bible Classmeets in the balcony of the churchat 9:45 a. m. The first chapter ofGenesis will be the basis of thestudy Sunday morning." "Creation' 'will be the subject. In view of thecurrent discussion of evolutionthese studies in Genesis should bevery interesting.tMMIIIIMimilHIIIIIIIHHIIHIiHIIIIIIIIIIIIIMirGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Service-i-' I137IOTH TELEPHONESWSvfr&ftf' Vjar$&&.t.aeMtCHRISTIAN CHURCH NOTESMorning services at 10:45 and evening service at 7 o'clock. In themorning Rev. W- E. Ellis' subject willbe, "Man or Brute Which?" and inthe evening, "The Children of theMarket Place.." The public is cordially invited to attend all servicesand strangers in the city are urged tocome. You are not only assured ofa hearty welcome, but also two fine,helpful, gospel sermons.Sunday School will meet promptlyat 9:30 a. m. The Women's, Men'sand Young Men's classes all have excellent teachers, and the lessons aremost interesting. Bible school attendance last Sunday was 433. TheWoman's class had 46 in attendance,the Men 46, and The Young Men's47. Come out Sunday, and try oneof these classes! You will enjoy theexperience.Christian Endeavor will meet inthe church parlors promptly at sixo'clock. The topic will be "TheSource of Happiness" and the leaderMiss Calysle Swinford. A cordial invitation is extended to all-The Mission Band will meet in thechurch parlors Saturday afternoonat 2:30. The State Convention hasbeen invited to meet in Paris, September 23, 24 'and 25, and it isthought the invitation will be accepted. There are usually aboutthree or four hundred in attendanceat t.li p. State Convention. . sjPrayer meeting as usual Wednesday evening at 7 p. m- You are cordially invited to be one at these veryhelpful services.The Woman's Society of theChurch is conducting a day nurseryat the morning church services, andall mothers with small children arecordially extended the courtesies ofthis departments in taking care oftlieir children wnile they attend themorning worship. The little oneswill be in competent hands, so do nothesitate, to bring them and leavethem in the church parlors wher thenursery will be established.f &TheStoreofGoodTalliesV& Ivrrji S -,.MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S SUITSpV$18.00 to $55.00t'TStylesFabricsWe are keeping abreast of the times in selecting styles fromleading clothing makers that will please men and young men.They embrace every new style on the market in single and doublebreasted coats in sport and plain models.Worsteds, Cashmeres, Herring Bone Weaves and Tweeds in'all wool fabrics are to be counted on as giving excellent satisfaction to the wearer.Patterns on ColoringsPlain blues, greens, greys,blues and blacks with pinstripes and fancy mixtures intan, brown and grey.ValuesThat's where we shine. Best values in town" for theEvery garment is marked with the ideo of quick selling.money.MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S OVERCOATS$13.50 to $39.00Buy your overcoat now at these prices. They will not be any lower and theyare the greatest values in town. Plenty of styles to select from in good reliablefabrics. The newest of colorings and patterns.R P. -WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Home fhone 448Cumb. Phone, SOS0r,E0GERS SALEOnSaturday, February 18, at teno'clock, a. m., auctioneer George D.Spealces will conduct the public sale,on the premises, of the 2 4 5-acrefarm belonging to the estate of MissSallie Rogers.' There's no t finerfarming land anywhere. Read thebig ad in this issue of THE NEWS.JOHK W. JONES,(14-2t) , Agent for Heirs.o 'If you are feeling all worn out, ifcan't eat, sleep1 or work with anysatisfaction, you need Tanlac.5Roche's Drug Store.we1 sirppose this nawynagaKine fordetectives may be referred to as a bycop paper. . , s " 'V -r ivSAVE REAL MONEYAT OUR SEMI-ANNUALCLEAN SWEEP SALE!" Closing our entire stock of Shoes, Rubbers and Oxfords at price-sweeping reductions to realize ready cash. Buy now and save from1 20 per cent to 40 per cent of your shoe money.READ THIS PARTIAL LISTfA great lot of Ladies' $3.50, S4,00 and$5.00 Shoes, all sizes in the lot.Clean Sweep Sale$1.99A great lot of Lad Tan and Black English Boots and Oxfords, values to $5.00Clean Sweep SaleS2.95Ladies' ShoesLadies' $4.99 Boots and Oxfords (Q JCReduced to . JJ.TuLadies' $1.49 House Slippers. :..... QQanow ., 99uLadies $2.00 House Slippors tA O JVChildren's ShoesMisses' $2.99 Tan Boots ' (1 QQnow 3 1 .99Misses' $3.49 Tan Boots f O JQnow 3Z.49Boys $2.99 Tan Shoes- ' 1 QQnow.. . s J 1 .99Infants' $1.49 Patent Shoes ri QQMen's Dress ShoesMen's $4.00 Tan Shoes f- nnn,pw JI.99Men's $4.50 Tan Shoes CO JQnw jZ.49Men's $5.99 Quality Shoes, n QrMen's $8.95 Quality Shoes fj ncnow J4.BDSpecial! Special!Special Men's Work Shoes a real moneysaving shoe smoke or tan leather, flexiblesoles while they lastr Clean (1 00Sweep Sale, JB 99Special Men's Snow - Excluder i QQ4-buckle Arctics sale price... ...J , 99I IJ VIi rf flI I ilDANSJ J J I.. St9jxnsQttiiisi Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Rein4S - t1M $rihBf " 'rm-hiiimiip iM imniiiiiMiiiiiiiiniMi".;"v.1 -a-0.cif4,-.FRIDAY, FJCBRUAR017, 1922A.Tr ".THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY3t Jewelers :-: Paris. Ky.Never Too Busy to PleaseWHY?At the last meeting of the CityCouncil they placed the order foruniforms for the policemen and firemen with Price & Co.Their motto is "To give the bestvalues for the least money." (It)NEW BITSIINE ,-PERSONALS8Comingi and Goiags of Some You.Know fend Others YonDon'tEeginning' next Monday, FredVeckesser, manager of the Reo BusLine, will run a bus line betweenParTJ, Lexington, Mt. Sterling andFbcrpsburg, making connection inyt. Sterling with the Winchesterliu, line.oPEBEUABY TEUNDEK, MAYPEOSTAccording to the old weather sawabout thunder in February beingfollowed by frost in May, we shouldJouk out for frost about May 10, 11and 12, as we had some electricdisplays on all these dates in February. -oWRECK BLOCKS TRACKSMrs. Mollie James is confined toher home on Second street by illness.Miss Rosina Elder is confinedto her room bv illness, hnf i improving.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay has returned from a sojourn at Martinsville.,Indiana.' Mrs. Harry. Wagner is visitingher cousins, Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeHoward, in Nicholasville.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craigspent the week-end in Lexington asguest of Mr. and Mrs. Bailey Berry.v ,J . . --.., . ATU '.'fc,Misses aMarguerit .and Layinia Jayson, of Mlllersburg? wereguesSscrfhonor at a Valentine-bridge partygiven in Danville Wednesday afternoon by Miss Edith Guttery.Plans for a Washington's Birthday entertainment, as outlined "bythe D. A. R., have been changed be-I cause of sickness in the community,and, instead, a meeting of the Chapter members will be held at 2:30o'clock, Tuesday afternoon, February 21, at the home of the RegentfMrs. Cassius M. Clay. Members arerequested to notify the hostess oftheir intention to be present.mmn v -' - " WAcm ffw .-4sfc. jr? -'Wt ;;, aFf. .t- S.TW L-l Coat-md Vest with a pair off aur mtamammmammmmmmIf I Extra Trousers II iBoth the north and southboundtracks of the Louisville & Nashvillewere blocked to traffic for severalhours Tuesday by a freight wreckwhich occurred at Robinson station,between Falmouth and Cynthiana,Monday night. Ten cars were ditched and their contents scattered ovtrthe tracks for a distance of severalj(U..M,v. j.. j.,,j wnu was in j urea, i ,The tracks were cleared late Tuesday day as improvingaiieiuuuii.Mrs. Charlton Alexander hasreturned from a visit to her sister,Mrs. Daniel Moore, at Harrodsburg.Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrick will entertain with a bridge party Saturday afternoon at her home in thiscity.Mrs. James W. Thompson entertained yesterday at her home onthe Lexington pike, with a bridgeparty.Mrs. k. M. O'Connell, of Ft.Dodge, Iowa, is a guest of MissJanie Marsh, at her home in EastParis.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Jameshave gone to Louisville to - reside.Mr. James has a position in theHotel Tyler. ?.Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford who have been very ill forseveral weeks, were reported yester-PINE BOURBON LAND AT AUC-; TION, FEB. 18,'The 245-acre farm belonging tothe estate of the late Miss SallieRogers will be sold at public auction on Saturday, February 18, atten o'clock, a. m. The sale will beconducted by Auctioneer George D.Speakes. This is one of the finestbodies of land in Bourbon county.See display ad.JOHN W. JONES, .(14-2t) Agent for Heirs.r o'? IN NEW LOCATIONMrs. Corne Watson Baird hasleased the store room lately occupied by Hale & Co., as a grocery andwill move her millinery establishment there from present location.The room occupied by Mrs. Baird hasbeen leased by Bendetti & Co., ofFrankfort, who will remodel and occupy it as a confectionery.THE INFLUENZA SITUATIONWith regard to the prevalence ofinfluenza and grippe in this city thelocal physicians state that there havebeen only a few cases developing intopneumonia, and that they have thesituation well in hand, the disease hasbeen here in a very mild form only,and so far there have been no seriousresults. The physicians say the situation here is by no means alarmingand that by the exercise of a reasonable degree of caution and care people may avoid the disease. Thechangeable weather is said by thephysicians to be responsible in alarge measure for the prevalence ofthe disease. For this reason personsshould take good care to avoid exposure and be on guard against theirsneezing, coughing, expectoratingneighbors.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-B00M HOUSE COMPLETE; HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)zWE HAVE THEM.At last there are plenty of genuinePord parts in Paris. Just received abig shipment. Now is the time torepair your Ford.WHITE FRONT GARAGE(17-tf)oWITH THE SHUT-INSMrs. Thomas Evans, of NewYork, is a guest of her daughter,Mrs. Charles A. McMillan, and Mr.McMillan, on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Reba Lockhart, head of theDepartment of History, in the ParisHigh School has recovered and hasresumed her duties in the school.Mr. and Mrs. Forest Letton anddaughter, and Mr. Ayelette Bucknerhave returned from an extended visitto friends and relatives in Florida.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Ferguson0 are visiting friends and relativesin Lexington. They will leave today for their plantation in Alabama.Jeff C. Elgin, who was calledhere by the illness and death of hismother, Mrs. Anna Elgin, has returned to .his home in Memphis,Tenn.Miss Jospehine Hayden, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, ofParis, has gone to Indianapolis,where she has accepted a position asinstructor in the State School forThe Deaf. 5 ;Mrs. J. P. Hanley, of Louisville, and her ..guest, I&iss.JKajtherineFitzgerald, of New York City, havereturned to Louisville, after a visitto Mrs.' Denis Dundon, on Houstonavenue.Mrs, Thomas H. Pickerell, whohas been with her daughter, Mrs.Harry S. King, in Miami, Florida,'since December 1, will visit friendsin Paris today en route to her homein Carlisle.Miss Wilmoth Chilton has returned to Hamilton College, in Lexington, after a visit tp Mrs. Frederick Wallis, at the home of Mr. andMrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sp-.,-onPleasant street.Wharton Renaker, of Winchester, son of Ewell Renaker of Paris,is able to be up after a long siege ofscarlet fever at the home of his sister, Mrs. Rife Hodgkin, in that city.Mr. Renaker's Paris friends will beglad to learn of his improvement-Editor Warren Fisher and newseditor Grimes Caywood, of the Carlisle Mercury, were business visitors in Paris yesterday. Mr. Fishersays his postcard shower from Parishas ceased temporarily.Louis Wollstein left Wednesdayfor Hot Springs, Ark., for a shortstay. From there Mr. Wollstein willgo to Little Rock, Arkansas, and toSan Antonio, Tex., going later toOklahoma to visit his daughters, Mrs.Dayid Bachrach and Miss Hazel Woolstein. Mrs. t Stanley Dickson, fissesJosephine Fithian and Maude, Asbury, of Paris, attended the KappaGamma banquet given at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, in honor ofMrs. William Louden, of Bloomington, Indiana, the Province President. . Danville Advocate: x"Mr. A. V.Douglass has returned to Paris afterspending several days here withfriends. . . .Mr. James Haggin 'entertained Wednesday evening at hishome on the Lancaster road withbridge in honor of the Misses Layton, of Millersburg."Mrs. A. Barnett Winters entertained the following guests withluncheon-bridge: Mesdames DanPeed, Waller Dalby, Brinch MeinertzIreland Davis, Helen Davis Swearingen, Robert M. Johnson," RudolphDavis, John Yerkes, Misses ValleteMcClintock, Betsy Helburn, (Lexington)', JVIesdames L. K. Frankeland. Benjamin Roos, (Lexington). Ata tempiijg lunch was served.Mrs, C. W. Payne entertainedon Parrish avenueI Tuesday from four to seven withPatients .at the Massie MemorialHospital, shut in from the cold andfreezing weather of the outside, despite their physical ailments, are ingood hands and are doing well.Mrs. E. M. Thomason, of Millersburg, is doing very nicely at the institution. Calvert Meng, victim ofgunshot wound, is somewhat better.Mrs. J. W. Gardner, of Harmonstreet, is very much improved, following a recent operation. Mrs.lerz, of Main street, is improving,after an operation -performed somedays ago. Mr. Albert Plummer, ofthe county, continues very ill, -Mrs."Will Allison is also verv ill at theHospital. Little Clarenc Shepard, a "SZ TS l ' 'brie-hf urn mQrn i nnpr. the conclusion of the games-0-- VWW A.AAA.Vr J W&. VIVi AMU VMW.ated on Saturday night for appen-tllPlf-.!"? on1 TirV toqc in a tramr cor?nnocondition for some time, is improving at her homeslowly. I Tuesday frcmIhe natients in the institution arc i Valentine Partv. in honor of thebeing given every posssible care amU fourteenth birthday anniversary ofattention, and none is'slighted in the her son, Duke Payne, a large niimifi rKee' s. that -sojne have ex- 'j the .oung4 man's friends beingMe-Tuv??W0M'ft8fllt' A contest was enjoyecf,rather be m the Massie Memorial 1- .lAlr , &!., .aHospital than in many other places6 1U ontnt being adafd-thov ;i,4. -muir 4.i. tr d ;a prizes This was followed,Prtal people take as a sincere com- b S"s, after which refreshmentsEDITOR STEARS DENIES EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGEJames B. Stears, of Nicholasville,former postmaster, former editor andone of the best known men in Central Kentucky, who is under bond toappear before the U. S. grand juryin connection with an alleged shortage of government funds at theNicholasville postbffice, yesterdaydenied in most emphatic terms thathe is guilty of any irregularities. Mr.Stears made the following statement:"I do not owe the government onenickel. This discrepancy was allmade" up. Whenever the postofficeexaminer of inspector either checkedout of the office and there was a discrepancy it was made-good immedi-.ately. There is no discrepancy now.I have receipts in full from the government up until January 15, whenI relinquished the office." 'Tanlac is the ideal strengthenerand body builder for old folks, he-cause it creates a healthy appetitefor wholesome food and strengthensand invigorates the digestive organs.Roche's Drug Store.LOSTA bunch of keys on two rings fastened together, somewhere betweenPiggly-Wiggly Store and The EllisTea Room, on Tuesday afternoon.Finder return to The Ellis TeaRoom. ' finWANTED.To rent two furnished rooms forlight housekeeping. Inquire atNEWS OFFICE. (It)ROOMS WANTEDWanted, two or three furnishedrooms for light housekeeping.Please give full particulars. Ad--dress,BOURBON NEWS.,Attention, Merchants!Are you ready for your Springtrade? Is your store room cleanand attractive? Now is the time toclean up and get in shape. Don'tput it off. For all kinds of paperittgand painting, seeS. E. BORLAND,At The "Fair Store."Telephone 159.ADMINISTRATOR'SNOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Charles E. Butler, Sr.,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment. All such claims not presented within the legal time will bebarred.All persons knowing themeselvesindebted to the estate of the saidCharles E. Butler, Sr.. deceased, arehereby notified to call and make fulland complete settlement of such indebtedness with the undersignedAdministrator." . . FRANCES V. BUTLER,Administrator of Chas. E. Butler, Sr.(17-3wks)Administrator'sNOTICEAll. persons having claims againstthe estate of J. H. Brooks, deceased,are hereby notified to present sameproperly proven- by law, to underundersigned' administrator of suohand payment. All such claims notpresented within the legal time, willbe barred. All persons knowingthemselves An debt to the estate ofthe said J. H. -Brooks, deceased, arehereby notified to call and make fulland complete settlement with theundersigned admanistrator of suchindebtedness.SARAH E. BROOKS,Administrator of J. H. Brooks.(17-3wks,These Prices ShouldtInterest You- ivWe Purchased 25 Dozen Extra HeavyOVERALLS and JACKETSThis grade, made from 8-o'z. denim, regularly sells for $2.00 per garment.v kept busy during our usually dull season, we offer these forTo be$1.50PerGarmentSizes 32 to 44. Sale lasts ten days if the overalls are not sold before that time.Our Sale of Men's and Boys' Suits and Overcoats continuesand there are still bargains that you won't be able to getlater. Speed up!We are setting the pace in Shoe Values for Men and Boys.- If you haven't gotten your pair, come on!LEWIS WOLLSTEINV.Twin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBetter Values in Men's and Boys' WearWe have Received a Beautiful Selection of Classy Spring Caps$1.50 to $3.00WATCH OUTA TORSATURDAYfEElRUARY lfcAre You Reaping the Benefitof our..FEBRUARY AND MARCHCASH SALEEverything in our tremendous stock of Furniture, Mattings,at the GREATEST REDUCTIONS we have evermade. Alarge portion of our stock is being sold for less than wegave for it.Wall PaverNOW IS THE TIME TO BUY FOR SPRINGTHE i T.HINTOHCOMPANYSixtK and Main StreetsEitherphone 36In Our South Window Will Be Found a Beautiful Rockerwith this Card On Its GUESSING ROCKERThe person guessing nearest the" actual weight of this "Rocker inpounds and ounces will receive the Rocker absolutely TTatTVR, If two aretied the guess that is first taken out of the box will receive the Rocker. The only condition to this contest is that you fill out the couponin the corner of this ad, or a similar one in the Kentuckian-Citizen anddeposit in Guessing Box at our etore. All other guesses will be thrownout. No one knows the. weight of this Rocker. Conteet open to all.Contest closes Saturday, February 18, at6:00 p. m.I Guess the Rocker Weighs ; ...... . Hbs: .. ., ;oz.Name .Street and Number .or Rural Route .-..'....: 'Town :State......f 'Write plainly)xt i",r - i. j . .l';M-h.t-a5'$' .44Jfttl .-rjjument, -Acaxuiwere served.- xx.Airs.:tai v"ri.-5sfiu -i?vjr.'i.- e-y jricccfsaaYaw. -&&..-?s - u rjfrmmm:mfffl&,sf PAGE SIX--'rW!wrf-1ers't!5p ..nt-wyw i.THE' BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY.. C.' ' Vf4H0JT02 EOLL PAEIS SCHOOLSThe patrons of the Paris CitySchool will be interested to note theplendid grades of the pupils for therst month of the New Year. At thespecial request of Superintendent LeeKirkpatrick, parents have been urgd to visit the school from time totime, to keep in touch with the program of the school, as well as theprogress their rhildren are making.The teachers are encouraged to believe that greater interest is beingmanifested by both parent and pupil,and with tjie increase in the percentage of attendanie, during the first.semester, the outlook ror the SesondSemester is the brightest in he history of the school.If you would raise the standard ofyour school to an -even higher plane,stand by the teachers, keep in touchWith your children's daily lessonsin other words keep boosting.GRADE 1.-i.i. .Jean Allen, 93, n-uBilly Blake, 94.s Joseph Collins, 94.James Fitzgerald, 94.jEdith Hudson, 94Nathalie LinyiUe, 03.J ,Ruby Morgan, 92.rk.Tf. V": i3i(.--"I'rSRwAnna Catherine Neal, 94.4 W. J". Owen, 94. "Edwin Poplin, 91,f Russell Scott, 94. v ,Elmeta Taylor, 94.ryr.Lela Wilson, 90. '!'''Elizabeth May, 93.Frances Pendleton, 90.Helen Farmer, 94.Marcella Merringer, 91-Martha Jane Chandler, 92.Herbert Cam, 94.Van Lee Day, Jr., 92.Martha Ellen Gifford, 93.Helen Kiser, 94.Dorothy McCarty, ,90.Charles Meng, 91.Jack Nickerson, 93Julia Katherine Pogue, 93.Agnes Sousley, 93Charles Stilwell, 94.Martha Bruce Williams, 94.Anna Grinnell, 92.Dorcas' Levy, 92.Sara Whaley, 94.Mattie May Sexton, 92.Margaret Bohn, 94.Herman Stern, 92.Sterling McCuddy, 94.J. J. Parrent, 92.Edgar Shelton, 92.Dorothy Darnall, 90. ,,, .Arley Arnold, 90.Ruby Parsons, 92.Ruby Faulconer, 94.William Kimbell, 92Dodge Whipple, 91.Clarence Whitehead, 92.Hiram Redmon, 92.Anna Frances Graham, 90.Earl Douglas, 90.Hugh Brent, 95.Robert Gardner, 93.Jim Will Higgins, 92.Herman Darnall, 94.Allen Rankin, 92.Mary E. Frye, 92.Joe B. Fightmaster, 93.Raymond Wingott, 94.James Eads, 92.Billy Snapp, 90.Walker Bush, 92.MRS. HARRIS,MISS LAYTON,MISS LILLESTON.GRADE 2Mildred Snell, 94,Gilbert DeWitt, 93.Aleta Layton, 93.KatI Lusk, 93.A. G. Rankin, 93.Phil Ardery, 92.Burton Mann, 92.Hazel Farris, 91.Rosa Crowe, 91.Fay Ardery, Jr., 90.Alfrd Sanders, .90.Robert Rankin, 90.Allen Case, 90..StelSi Ervin, 91.Marion Lee Powell, 90.Richard Florence, 94.3!14FLORALiurn.gFlowwsfV,Eor AH.o jOccasions , .:Gotten on zSkort , .J...Notice. -r ---Phone MeYour Order.AMFklTVLm BLtI sHH H H IB& .wWHH.in jiiAgentNaomi Isgrig,-94.Jessie McDonald, 90.Beatrice Eaton, 98.Gladys Rion, 94.John Smits, 90.Carolyn Bush, 92. ".Mildred Varden, 93. 'Dorcas Williams, 94.Zetta May Dotson, 94. (MISS WHALEY,MISS TALBOTT,Teachers.GRADE 3:Elizabeth Soper, 93.Ethel Elvove, 92.Elizabeth Mastin, 95.John Childers, 93.Amos Turney Taylor, 91Francis Collier, 94.Rena Rankin, 93Ernestine Eads, 94.'.Louise Larkin,' 90.Frances Margolin, 95.v :JJucy Jean Anderson, 96. ,'Kathryn Williams, 94. .Logan Allen, 91. 'Crichton Comer, 90. -j.Mary June Burns, 91. 'r,John Davis Haggard, 93. ''iyLillian Dale, 91. -aThomas Lee Reffett, 91.Ruth Watson, 91, , ,- $$Parked Wornell, 94Julian McCord, 91. , .Alice Dotson, 95.Elmeta King, 93. 5' '?"Dorothy Fenwick, 94. . ,Anna Bruce Douglas, 90.Dorothy May Biddle, 94. "Naomi Hutchison, 90- ..r'Ruth tParrent, 90. rElizabeth Greene, 95Christine Watson, 94.MISS PURNELL,MRS. STONE,Teachers.GRADE 4.James Wilson, 95. fThelma Landes, 93.Virginia Smelser, 94.Hockaday Parrish, 90.Dorothy M. Lilleston, 93.Naomi Isgrig, 93.Elmer Curtis, 91.Elaine Smith, 91.A.L. Slicer, 94.Edna Ray. Sousley, 94.Mae Parker, 92. ''Ben Bedford, 97.Chester Dotson, 90.Irvine Ewalt, 93.Ruby Hogan, 94. 'Robert Early, 91.Rose Mazey, 94.Cora L. Highlander, 94.Sallie Moreland, 93.Winston Ardery, 95.Pearl Faulk, 91.John Allen, 94.Buckner Woodford, 95.Estelle Florence, 95.Virginia Thomas, 95.Edward Floyd, 92.MISS BRANNON,MISS TAYLOR,Teachers.GRADE 5.Lawrence Mullins, 97.Richard Butler, 96.Mary Forman Varden, 95.Vivian Landes, 95.Edna Earl Rummans, 95.Nancy Baldwin, 95.Bonnie Lee Perkins, 94.Sam Kerslake, 94.Charles Boardman, 94.Katie Sanders, 94.Louise Slicer, 94.Orie Harp, 93.Virgil Gaitskill, Jr., 93.Elizabeth Hinton, 92.Catherine McNamara, 92i.Virginia Honican, 92.Hazel Mastin, 92. 'Virginia Van ,Pelt, 92.Mary Ellen Thomas, 91.Edward Shout, 91. 1George Smith, 91.Kenneth Caldwell, 91.Ruth Bowles, 92. ,Ned Brent, 95. ,' ;Anna K. Savage, 95.Carolyn Reading, 94. JSidney Redmon, 94. 'Nancy Hancock, 94.Harry Lancaster, 94. 'Maud Sheeler, 94. 'William Ardery, 93.Hazel Buchanan, 93.Louis Elvove, 93.Milton Sheeler, 93.Prentice Burton, 92.Lucille Christman, 92.Dorothy McCord, 92.Hazel Bryan, 9l.James Morrison, 91.Douglas Parrish, 91.Elon Tucker, 91.William Amyx, 91. jClarence Rankin, 90.Bayloss Morrison, 90.MISS RANSON,MISS RICE,Teachers.. . . GRADE 6.Louise Bannister, 90.John Bower, 90.Lucille Butler, 90."SSaS Carter, 93. -James Case, 93.L. U. Chappell, 90.Ella Faulk, 92.Jewell Farrow, 93..Willie Frye, 92.Sallie Gordon, 93.Jessie Gregg, 91.Martha Hall, 94.David Hardwick, 93.Jessie Herrin, 92.' reign:tBertha Honican, 91.Katie Irvine, 94. 'r tMary Elam Isgrig, 97. ,William Marshall, 92.Florence McCarty," 90. -ThenoshaMcCord, 93. -AlmaNeal, 93.Gladys Quinn, 97.Vurnete Rankin, 93. 'Burdette Sanders, 90. -Vivian Smith, 92. fjEdna Bruce Stewart, 94. xEleanor Swearingen, 97-Charles White, 92. -ElizabethWhitley, 98. V:MISS CLARK,'' MISS FARRELL,Vn - Teachers,GRADE 7.Charles Cook, 92.Edward Dalzell, 90.Kady Elvove, 98 'Sara Elvove, 94.Rosalie Friedman, 96.VrrNancy Gordon, 92. A'Arthur Hancock, 90. y-' 2Harvey Hill, 91,H. B. Hill, 94.Noah S. Hintonr 91.Elsie Hogan, 94.v-j "-3.$Nancy Hornback, 92. ySusan Logan Howard, 98. 'Jessie Irvine, 97. t JT. J. Judy, 91. "'' ,-"Lula Kiser, 92.Harriet Kerslake, 94.Jewell Maxey, 91.Joe Mazey, 91.Edward Merringer, 91.Euth Payne, 91. $Sarah N. Patterson, 94. -James Reading, 91.Pauline Rankin, 90.Bryan Redmon, 97.Howard Rees, 93. 1E. K. Rice, 92.Edward Templin, 92-Elizabeth Watson, 90.Lucy Westerfield, 90.Opal Young, 92.MISS LILLARD,MISS AMMERMAN,j MISS ROLANDMISS BLANDING,MRS FISHBACK,. . Teachers.GRADE 8.Roberta Adams, 94.Rosa Mae Carr, 93. .Ruth Fox, 91.Dorothy Frye, 95. ;Louise Rowland, 90.Frances Taylor, 93.-Robert Harris, 92.Nellie Quinn, 91.MISS LILLARD,MISS STIVERS,MISS AMMERMAN,MISS BLANDING,MISS NOLAND,MRS. FISHBACK,Teachers.DYE OLD CURTAINS,SWEATER OR SKIRTIN DIAMOND DYES"Diamond Dyes" add years ofwear to worn, faded skirts, waists,coats, stockings, sweaters, coverings, hangings, draperies, everything. Every package contains directions so simple any woman canput new, rich, fadeless colors intoher worn garments or draperies evenif she has never dyed before. Justbuy Diamond Dyes no other kindthen your material will come outright, because Diamond Dyes areguaranteed not to . streak, spot,fade or run. Tell your druggistwhether the material you wish todye is wool or silk or whether itislinen, cotton or mixed goods, (adv)-oTo Mend Enamel.Take equal parts of fine coal dust,fine salt and putty. Knead well together and pack into the hole firmly.Put water into the mended article and3stand on a warm stove for an hour."Wipe carefully and leave for a day before using. The mixture will form acement as hard r as the enamelsays acorrespondent.MOTHER! MOVE CHILD'S BOWELS WITH' CALIFORNIAFIG SYRTJPHurry mother! Even a sick childloves the "fruity" taste of "California Fig Syrup" and it never, fails toopen the bowels. A teaspoonful today may prevent a sick child tomorrow. If constipated, bilious, feverish, fretful, has cold, colic, -or ifstomach is sour, tongue coated,breath bad, remember a good cleansing of the little bowels is often allthat 1b necessary.Ask your druggist for genuine"California Fig Syrup" which hasdirections for babies and children ofair ages prfhted on bottle. Mother!You must say "California" or youmay get an imitation, fig syrup.(F-tf)Alexander and th Knot.Gordlus, a peasant, being chosenking of JPhrygia, dedicated his wagonto Jupiter and fastened the yoke to abeam with a knot that no one coulduntie. Alexander the Great was toldthat "whoever undid the knot wouldover the whole East" "Wellthen," said the conqueror, "It is tnusI perform the task." And so sayinghe cut the knot in twain with hissword. This was In 330 B. C. A Gordlan knot , means In common use agreat- difficulty.PMnfl!UMoney back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soan). fail inthe treatment of Itch Eczema,Ringworm, Tetter or other itching skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.VARDEN 6 SON,Paris, Sy.nGcu''Whoever could make two ears of corn or two blades of grass grow whereonly one grew before,svould deserve better of mankind and do more essentialservice to his country than the whole race of politicians put together." Swift.It is the old story the man who can make with the sameenergy, in the same length of time, two blades of grass grow whereone grew before, has a greater value to society."the same is true of the man who sells. The man who can sellone hundred pairs of shoes in a day is one hundred times more valuable than the man who can sell only one pair of shoes in a day.In a PIGGLY WIGGLY store one hundred people can helpthemselves in the same time that it would take to wait on ten people in any other store.The PIGGLY WIGGLY system saves not only time, but itsaves money, energy and health.Del Monte Sliced Pineapple; No''flk2 34c; No. 2 27c; No. 1 qQDel Monte Grated Pinapple; No. 2 j27c; No. 2 23c; No. 1 4CDel Monte Yellow Cling Peaches; )rsliced or halves; No. 2 34c; No.f2 26c; No. 1 JjQDel Monte Royal Anne Cherries; No.aj2 41c; No. 1 iGSturgeon Bay Red Pitted Cherries; nfNo. 2 JIGDel Monte Bartlett Pears; No. 2124c41c; No. 1Silver Fleece Sauer Kraut; No. 3.14ccanCampbell's Pork andBeansJoan of Arc KidneyBeans A10c12c13cVon Allmen's Home-made AppleButter; in glass jars; large 33c;medium 18c; smallDomino Golden Syrup; No. 10 53cNo. 5 29c; No. 19cEagle Brand CondensedMilk '.22cCarnation and Pet Evaporated Milklarge 10c; small5cMansfield Evaporated Milk; large41.2C9c; smallCampbell's Soups;all kinds10cLea & Perrin's Worchestershirei31c33cSauce; large 51c; small.. ..Hirsch's Paramount SaladDressing; large sizeGulden's or French's f A .Mustard JRWelch's Pure Fruit Jams; all kinds A j15-oz. glass jar ZnrC'Beechnut Peanut Butter; large 25c;11cmedium 17c; smallCampfire Marshmallows;large packagePalmoliveSoapIvorySoap v 'P. & G. and Fels NaphthaSoapStarSoapStar Naphtha WashingPowder; large size . . .... .O'Cedar Polish and LiquidVeneer; large 40c; small...,Wright's Silver Cream,Silver PolishSaniFlushArgo Gloss Starch; ?pound package r.Arm and Hammer Baking14c8c7c6cU24c21c22c21c8ic4kSoda.Fruits and vegetablesWe Don't Meet Prices-We Make ThemPIGGLY707 Main Street..S -AuT" I it a-1One of the most necessary precepts in every home is saving. Your greatest help in saving is a telephone.Saves time which is money. Saves steps. Forestallstrouble. May save a life or your home. Brings the doctoror firemen quicker. No argument?against a telephone.Order a HOME Telephone to-day. 'Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedrPatronize Bourbon News Advertisers'.ServiceCalumet Baking Powder;pound canInstant SwansdownCake MixMazola Salad and Cooking Oil;quarts 48c; pintsLowney's Cocoa; lb. 17c;1-5 lbBaker's Premium Chocolate;lb... ..Knox Gelatine;package ,Heekln'sExtracts. . . . Y. ; ,Price's Extracts; largebottle.. .."Golden Age Macaroni, Spaghetti andNoodles;' 8-oz. package . . . .Kellogg's HealthBranCream of Wheat;packagepackage '. 1 1 CQuakerOatmealFancy Evaporated Peaches;poundFancy Evaporated Apricots;poundFancy Santa Clara Prunes;large size'.Lentils;poundMorton's PackageSaltbox-- ' Jjtuommo Pure Cane Graunlated Sugar; in cartons or muslin bags;ppundPure 'Hog Lard; pound,Silver LeafBrookfield Butter;pound . .i irisn Potatoes ; peck, 15 pounds, jweighed 4jC(Jandy Yams; No. 2canVissman's Brand Hams; 'poundVissman's Breakfast Bacon;pound . . . .Large Cocoa Nuts;each . . ."Welsh's Grape Juice; quartspints 31c, Splits..Welsh's Apple Juice;pintsSheboygan GingerAle - . .Imperial Crown Cherries, in bottles;1-lb, 12-oz, 95c, 8-oz. 33c, 5-oz. 22c,3-oz.'inseason for Saturday.WIGGLYParis, KentuckyII.i27c28c25c8c20c20c11cVJ:i29c71c19c24c14c17c31c22c15c10c5c6ic125c43c1?Cm25c5c57c;i11c8c16c14cGertrude Day, 91.sfe$e" rKilFRIDAY, FBBRUARC 17, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE SEVENor your money back'Positively Contains no AspiriaFor Salt at all Drug Stem30TabIacs , 23c(till-26mar)Death In a Rose.A native of Lancashire, England, amember of a firm of cotton manufac--turers, died recently, from the effectsof a prick by a rose thorn. One dayhe pricked his hand when in his garden.Next day he complained of pain, but-an examination revealed nothing. Laterhis hand swelled and a doctor told himhe was suffering from septic poisoning.'This caused his death.Men talk about equality, but mostof them! are trying to get ahead, ofthe other fellow. &DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICALFirst Tta Advertisement,t The first udterj lament of a certainveryday article which ever appearedIn the English Press was published inthe Mercurius Politicus on September80th, 1658. It read: "That excellentand by all Physitians approved Chinadrink called by the Chlneans Tcha, byother Nations Tay alias Tee, is soldat the Sultanees Head Cophee HouseIn Sweetings Rents, by the Royal Exchange, London." This advertisementproves, by its mention of "copheehouse," that the sister stimulant hadgot a start of tea as a beverage.INDIGESTION, GAS,OR BAD STOMACHTAKE DIAPEPS1N'Tape's Diapepsin" has proven itself the surest relief for Indigestion,Gases, Flatulence, Heartburn, Sourness, Fermentation or Stomach Distress caused by acidity. A few tablets give almost immediate stomachrelief and shortly the stomach is cerrected so you can eat favorite foodswithout fear. Large case costs onlyfew cents at drug store. Millionshelped annually. (adv-F)STATE INCREASE -T0TCCOUNTYBeport To Be Filed Soon With General Assembly By TaxCommission1917 - 1921 FIGURES GIVENBourbon Egg MashThe Cheapest and Best Egg Producer You Can BuySOLD BYR. F. COLLIERTRADE AT HOME4 Per CentVINTEREST PAID ONTerm Savings DepositsUAj)rofitable return on your money withabsolute safety. Upon request we willmail booklet explaining full particulars.mon bank & lrustLEXINGTON, IKY.S.-E. CORNER MAIN AND UPPERCo.The increase in taxes collected in1921 over those collected in 1917 forState purposes was slightly morethan one-third as much as the increase in taxes paid for county purposes for the same periods, according to a tabulation prepared for theGeneral Assembly by State Tax Commission, which will be presented tomembers of that body.The State taxes collected in 1921were $7,7,766,231.45, as comparedwith $5,070,878 in 1917, an increaseof $2,695,353.51, of 53.1 per cent,while the taxes paid for county purposes collected in 1921 were $14,850,859, as. compared with $6,124,924.77 in 1917, an increase of $8,-725,934.23, or 142.4 per cent.The total State and county taxescollected in 1921 were $22,617,090.-71, as compared with $11,209,636.38in 1917, a combined increase of101.7 for both purposes. The counties received $7,084,627.77 more intaxes for county purposes during1921 than did the State, according tothe tabulation.The State tax rate, under the taxcommission law was fixed at 40 centsfor all kinds of property exceut livestock and bank deposits, which pay arate of 10 cents. The 1917 Staterate was 55 cents for all classes ofproperty. The county rates in mostinstances, according to the" tabulation, show increases ranging from 7to 60 cents on the $100 valuation,the most of the increases rangingfrom 20 to 40 cents on the $100. InAllen, Muhlenburg, Nicholas andRobertson counties the rate has beenlowered since 1917, while Estill andFleming counties had the same ratein 1921 that they had in 1917.The total assessed valuation ofproperty for State taxation in 1917,according to the commission, was$922,456,481 and in 1921 it was $2,196,505,738. The assessed value ofproperty for county taxation in 1977was $922,456,481 and in 1921 was$1,527,406,272 intangibles and anumber of other forms or propertynot being taxed for county purposes.invf.fin2,vrm??mmti& ,ftvm.'u -tJSave the bird in handThe others may be hard to catchmayWith enough money, enough timeand enough luck, a man may get backthe health he has lost or part, of it.It takes patience, too.And then there may be no success,or only a little.'It's better to save what you havethan hunt for what you've lost asthe most successful health-restorerswill tell you.Much of the loss of health is due tofaulty, careless diet. Wrong meals atall times and right meals at wrongtimes load the long-suffering digestiveorgans with elements of destruction,or starve the tissues and glands ofneeded elements.Grape-Nuts is a delicious cereal foodwhich has the qualities of scientificnutrition. It supplies the full richnessof those splendid food grains, wheat andmalted barley, together with the vitalmineral elements, so often lacking from"foods. Served with cream or -good milk,Grape-Nuts gives full nourishmentwithout over-loading the stomach.A splendid thought for breakfastor lunch, for those who would keephealthGrape Nuts the Body Builder"There's a Reason"Made by Postum Cereal Company, Inc., Battle Creek, Michigan"WHERE THE OLD TEAH GOESGOES DOWN THROUGH THECUMBERLAND VALLEY"SALE OF TOBACCO GRATIFYINGTO POOL MEN.FASHION DECREES BLACK DRESSESOht Dyin Department. In tfee k&ads of a most expert dyer, offers you an opportsaky to sy money. For Fire Dollar, er a rcry little more, yon can transform thatdress yea are about to discard into a wearable, serriceable garment.Our finishers understand the fine art ef pressing and reshaping dyed earmenta.SEND IT PARCEL POSTffm say parcel post charges one way on orders amounting to $5.00 or rer.SWISS CLEANERS & DYERS,909 6tH Street. Louisville, Ky.nPMM llIship your POULTRY and CALVESI FTFTfvNrI NpH In busineta in Citt-cnntimceIB86 SIMMONS & NORRISI SsTafaSSygS: 3t.7W.WaterSt. Cincinnati. Ohio.We want hens, old rooster, young chickensall sizes, ducks, turkeys, geese, guineas,capons and squabs. Ship any quantity anyday, calve any day but Saturday. Highestprices, accurate weights, prompt remittances assured.Write for tags and poultry coops.SIMMONS & NORRISThe reported sale, at a satisfactory price, cf a large quantity ofpledged tobacco to manufacturerscannot fail to be gratifying to thosegrowers in Bourbon county whohave joined the pool. The Co-operative .tmriey Association nas in ashort time demonstrated "that it canmarket tobacco, which was its announced intention.Much has been accomplished. Totake up, organize, finance and putinto operation within a few monthsa corporation with fifty thousandstockholders, which will do a yearlybusiness of thirty or forty millions,is a remarkable achievement. Thereceipt of tobacco has gone on without a hitch, redrvine has been commenced, the grading has been careful, and, on the whole, satisfactorilydone, and the cash advances havebeen prompt. And already themanufacturers have recognized theeconomic value of. the plan and havepurchased some of the crop.The new Burley movement hasbeen characterized by reasonableness. The leaders and the farmersthemselves have gone on the assumption that the grower and themanufacturer have each their legitimate sphere, and that they can workin harmony together. It is to bedoubted that the auction sales system was advantageous to either, andtime is more likely than not to demonstrate that all parties will be better satisfied with the new deal."The Wilderness Road to Kentucky," by William Allen Pusey, hasjust been published by George H.Doran Company. This book withvarious maps and illustrations dealswith the early trials of our pioneerdays. Dr. Pusey has been able withthe assistance of diaries and booksof other days to bring together allthe data that explains and locatesthe Wilderness trail.Dr. Pusey explains the use thatDaniel Boone made of this windingroad and the important part it played in the lives of the early settlerswho led their families and householdgoods over the hills to "Caintuck."All the old landmarks, the stonesthat mark the fall of the pioneer before the onslaught of the Indian,come in for detailed comment in thiscomplete treatment of the highwaythat fed the settlers of Kentucky.There are some charming picturesof the Cumbeland Mountains in thebook which offer an invitation forthe motorist who is weary of wellworn State highways. Dr. Puseyseems to feel that with the advent ofthe motor, the Wilderness Roadwill come to mean as much in thepleasure of people's lives as in theearlier days it formed the mainroute of civilization westward.mere is oeauty ana loveliness inthis old trial and it will delight the ijaded motorist in search of newcountry.if M-H''I"I"I"'i"H"tl'U'l II i I 1 1 II M 1 IIWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesElectric Washing' Machines, Irons, TcasteiF,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Ga$ HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical, and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEIIIMIIIIItfWHUIIMIIIIIIIIIIWHMMMItMIIHNOTICE-o-To Owners of Ford Cars:QUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HabitNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break the habit. . Whenever youthave a longing for a smoke or chew,just place a hormless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire stops. Shortly the habit iscompletely broken, and you are better off mentrUy, physically, financially. It's so t-asy, so simple. Geta box of No-To-Bac and if it doesn'trelease you from all craving for tobacco in any form, your druggistwill refund your money withoutquestion. (F-tf)IXBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors JTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street jHighStreet,X1Xj0A.. 25immtttm ratAiaiISATISFACTIOMOUR WATCHWORD! 1xWith all the latest improve- gments in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.i! The Bourbon Laundry i. Paris, KentuckyYou h'ave noticed, of course, thatan optimist usually takes his mealsat a place where there is a goodcook. ,Income TaxiReturnsIndividuals and partnerships,Can nreDare a limited number.Office at Bourbon News, 320Main Street.J. R. HOWE.FIRST CLASS COALDr.Wadkll'sPile Remedylon'tSulr-Don'tbeOpctedm until you hare tried Dr. WaddellHI Remedy. Absolutely harmW GuarMateed to give absolute satisfaction oroney refunded. $1.50 per botU at yourivmggist If not write us.ediuneCo.Smiths GroVWe have opened our new Garage onnext door to the Big Four Garage.We are putting in a full and complete line ofGENUINE FORD PARTSIf you are in need of a used Ford car or truck thisspring it will pay you to see us first.All repairing guaranteed to be first class.The Commercial Garage tBedford, Bryan & Archdeacon, Props.LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGParis, Kentucky9Wfi are selling the best grade ofBlock Coal for $6.50 per ton at theyards, and $7.00 per ton for citydelivery. Why pay more? Everyload guaranteed.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON iUMI "RT51R CO.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS-4Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite SertioeHOT AHD COLD BATHSEd. RichardsonContractingPainterHOUSE PAINTINGGrainingNa SpecialtyEnameling Neatly Done. Thirty-one YearsExperience.9CUMBERLAND fHONE 674552 VINE STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYY- JI"Cumberland Phone 711, Home-610.IXXVXHXaIBXBsli(jan27-tf-T) ,. ,, - -J."V -4;e.y-Jes.1-.3 .--JJlstTm."yvr.Tansr"9. Vf$rtrKv.-&n"yw:-m:r A v-fvI, TTHE BOURBON NgWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY., FRIDAY, TWEKU&RC 17, 1922MILLERSBURGDEATHSPAGE EIGHTilvriJ F"4j .Interesting Hews Items Prom Bonr"bm Comity's College TownMr. Roy Endicott left Tuesdayfor Cincinnati on a business trip.Miss Lida Rice, of Lexington,is visiting her sister, Mrs." F. E.Peterson.Mrs. E. M. Thomason has been"taken to, the Massie Hospital, Paris,for treatment.Miss Alfa Ball is visitingftiends in. Paris.' Miss Alice Grimes is visitingBelatives in Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Allenli&ve returned from a visit with relatives in Stanford.Mr. E. B. Current, representing C. S. Brent & Co., of Lexington,was a visitor in (fur town, Tuesday.Miss Martha Purdy, of StateUniversity, Lexington, was the-wek-end guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Horace Purdy.J. D. Letton, Dunlap Saundersand James Pruitt, members of theJunior Agricultural Club, attendedthe sale of Duroc Jersey hogs at"Walter Meng's the past week.Dr. Frank A. Herbert, ThomasBrown and Mrs. James B. Cray, applicants for the Postmastership ofMillersburg, took the CivU Serviceexamination at Carlisle, Satnrday.Miss Ethel Love Fisher, directorof music of Millersburg College, willchaperon a party of College students,and several from Millersburg to hearHarold Bauer, master pianist, at Lexington tonight.The Millersburg Twentieth Century Club has secured a traveling library, which has been located in M.E. Pruitt's furniture store, where itwill be open daily from 9:00 to"5:00 p m. iMr. G. S. Allen and Mrs. F. A.Cook attended the funeral of Mr."Fred Fulkerson, at Augusta, Ky.,Monday. Mrs. Fulkerson was formerly Miss Bettie Allen, a graduateof Millersburg College.A deputy collector from theoffice of the Collector of InternalRevenue will be in Millersburg next"Wednesday for the purpose of assisting taxpayers in preparing their returns. Rev. W. W. Morton, pastor ofthe Millersburg Presbyterianchurch, was summoned Wednesdayio the bedside of his father, who isseriously ill at his home in Virginia.There will be no services at theMillerburg church Sunday, on account of Rev. Morton's absence.The Old Maid's' Convention,scheduled for presentation in Millersburg on Monday night, February2.7 has 'been postponed indefinitelyon account of sickness in the com. munity and among some members ofthe cast. The date will be announced through the columns of the Parispapers.life Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All "Must PayMELTONCarrie Melton, little daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Melton, died at thefamily home on Winnie street, Tuesday following a short illness frompneumonia. The funeral was heldWednesday morning, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the Paris Baptist church.THOMASMrs. Mary Thomas, aged seventyfive, mother of Mrs. Boone Baldwin,of Paris, died Monday at the home ofher daughter Mrs. A Ashton Thorntonin Montcoal, West Va., after an illness of several days, resulting froma stroke of paralysis. Mrs. Baldwinwas summoned to her mother's bedside, arriving Monday.Mrs. Thomas is survived by the f ollowihg children: Mrs. H. Fink, ofHuntington, West Va., Mrs. C. A.Bridges, of lager, West Va., Mrs.Boone Baldwin, of Paris, Fred Thomas, of South Dakota, William andClarence Thomas, of Parkersburg, W.Va.The funeral and burial took placeI at Huntington, West Va., at fouro'clock Wednesday afternoon. Mr.Baldwin "and son, Clarence Baldwin,who is attending the M. M. I. attended the funeral and burial.MILLERSBURG COUNTY HIGHSCHOOL NOTESOne hundred and fifty new&ooks from the Kentucky LibraryCommission at Frankfort, have justoeen received and are ready for use.These books are open to the publicfor reading.The following were visitors atihe Wednesday morning Chapel exercises: Mesdames M. C. Grimes, G.W: Judy, Ed. Hill, Carl Henson,Mrs. Henson, Jas. Burroughs, MollieBurroughs, Tom Dwelly, J. W. Lancaster, Edgar Hurst, Tom Stone,Sherman Mitchell, Misses NannieBurroughs, Edna Clarke, LillianBodkin, little Misses Christine Lancaster and Elizabeth Hill, MasterJames Stone, and Messrs, M. C.Grimes and Thomas Stone. Underthe direction of Miss Nannie D.Clarke, the First Grade gave a mostinteresting program, thus revivingthe grade chapsl exercises that wereso interesting last year. Demonstration work in reading and penmanship proved beyond a doubt that"little folk.," can accomplish muchunder an efficient teacher. "WillYou Be My Valentine" was one entertaining feature wherin the littlelads and lassies appeared in most attractive costume, while the cherrytree was actually cut down by a representative little George Washington. Minor parts on the programwere well rendered. Altogether it wasanost creditable to both teacher andpupils, notwithstanding the factthat chicken pox and bad colds havebut repently kept many of the children out of school., The basket ball game betweenthe first team of ' Carlisle Highand the first girls' team of Millersburg High, and tlje second boys'team of Carlisle High against Millersburg High's second team resulted in a score of 32 to 4 in favor ofMillersburg girls' teanj and 22 to11 in favor of Carlisle High. Twoof Millersburg's best players onsecond boys' team, Price and Hickaaan were unable to play.HNE QUILTS FOR CHINA HOSPITAL ON DISPLAYEight fine quilts, fashioned bytfeft fingers of ladies of the ParisBaptist church, destined for the- Stout Memorial Hospital, in Wuhow, China, are on display at themillinery store of Mrs. Corne Baird,in Main street.The ladies of the church havebeen very, busy for several weekspreparing a box to be shipped towis hospital, where Mrs. Ullieieavell, formerly Miss CharlotteHenry, of Paris, is stationed. Theywill be glad to have anyone inter.etea call a.t Mrs. Baird's store andjspeot.the display .e TAYLORA telegram received in Paris announced the death of Mrs- JuliaWorthington Taylor, aged about fiftyfive, daughter of the late S. M.Worthington, formerly of Paris,which occurred in Norman, Okla., atsix o'clock Monday evening. Mrs.Taylor suffered a stroke of paralysisMonday at noon, while dining at thehome of a friend, and died six hourslater.Mrs. Taylor was a native of Masoncounty, and was the widow of JohnTaylor, of near Maysville. She wasa woman of fine intellectual attainments and had for several years beenprominently identified with educational work in the University ofOklahoma. She was a graduate ofHamilton College, in Lexington, andnumbered among her schoolmatessome of the most prominent womenof Bourbon county. She had oftenbeen the guest of her sister, Mrs.Lunceford Talbott, and Mr. Talbott,in this city-Mrs. Taylor is survived by twosons, Robert Taylor and WorthingtonTaylor, both of Oklahoma ; one daughter, Miss Lottie R. Taylor, of Oklahoma; one sister, Mrs. Lunceford Talbott, of Paris; and the followinfnieces and nephews: Miss Lena Talbott, Mrs. Garrett Jefferson and Mrs.William Taylor, of Paris, and MattS. Worthington, of Lexington.The funeral was held in Norman,with services conducted at the gravein the Norman Cemetery, beside thebody of her husbandIf you want plenty, of pep,strength and energy, take Tanlac.Roche's Drug Store.oCLARK COUNTY HOME DESTROYED BY FIREA frame dwelling on the farm ofGeorge Donaldson, three miles fromWinchester, on the Ruckerville pikewas destroyed by fire. The propertywas valued at $4,000, with $1,000insurance. The house was occupiedby J. Mastin, who lost all of hishousehold goods. A defective flue inthe kitchen is thought to have caused the fire. No insurance was heldon the furnishings.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANLODGENOTESThe District meting of the Rebekah Assembly, I. 0. O. F. of Kentucky will convene in Paris, Thursday, February 23, when the delegates will be 'guests of Paris Rebekah Lodge No. 7. Delegates froma number of adjoining cities will bein attendance.The fifty-eighth anniversary ofthe founding of the order of Knightsof Pythias occurs on Sunday, February 19. The event will be appropriately celebrated by Rathbone Lodge,of Paris, with a business session andsocial hour, at their Castle Hall, onThursday night, February 23.An interesting program is beingarranged, consisting of addresses byprominent members of the order,music, refreshments, etc. At theregular meeting held last night thefinal . arrangements were perfected.The First and Second Ranks wereconferred on a number of candidatesat this meeting.Jonathan Britt, aged ninety-two,the oldest member of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows in theUnited States, in both age and membership, died Tuesday, in Ubacity,California. He was a native ofPennsylvania.oHERE'S CHANCE TO GET SPLENDID FARMFarm-seekers should attend thepublic sale at ten o'clock, Saturdaymorning, February 18t of the 245acre farm of Miss Sallie Rogers, deceased. Sale conducted by Auctioneer George D. Speakes. Read thedisplay ad in this issue of. THENEWS.JOHN W. JONES,(14?2t) Agent for Heirs.A I( THEATREfW2:00 to 5:30jrj igNDt jjyottspj y7:00 to 10:30TODAY, FRIDAYCONSTANCE TALMADGEl "WEDDING BELLS"f .SHE got a husband in half-a-day, a divorce in half-an-hour. But when' she wanted her husband back, it took her a year to findhim ! And then he was being married to another girl. A shrieking skit on the peal of "Wedding Bells'."Also Cristie Comedy and Patiie. NewsCome On, Everybody This IsTSf Great Independent Screen Artists tJIGrand. National Exhibitionof their finest photoplays, personally produced in their own studiosHERE IS OUR PART IN THE BIG NATIONAL ENTERTAINMENTTOMORROW, SATURDAY, FEB. 18thJames Oliver Curwood "itf GoMeh Sliare"A Royal North-West sergeant on a man-hunt! A baby found in a blizzard. .A snare made of a girl's golden hair.A real Curwood tale of Arctic mystery and frozen peril. It's a stirring story of what happened when the sergeant got his mana mad loup-garou and f our4 him sheltering a girl a glorious girl of mystery whose hair laid the trail of the golden snare"Also a Mermaid Comedy, "A Fresh Start", Monday, February 20thANITA STEWART A "The Invisible Fear"SOMEFASCINATINGFACTS "The Invisible Fear" stands among the most sumptuous plays the inimitable star has everproduced. The wardrobe she presents constitutes a style-show in itself. Again she Jias two leading men Walter McGrailand Alan Forrest. There are thrills aplenty in a careering cross-country horseback paper-chase, in elemental tempests and emotional storms. And on top of all a story strong in drama, romance and the unexpected.Also Century Comedy and .Pathc ReviewTuesday, Februay 21stJttiXZrJlSS: "MOTHER O' MINE"Featuring Lloyd Hughes, Betty Blythe, Joseph Kitty Kilgour, Betty Ross ClarkClaire McDowell"If I Were Hanged on the Highest Hill, I Know Whose Love Would Follow Me Still." And as Eudyard Kipling's verse hasbecome immortalized as a tribute to Motherhood, so will Thos. H. Ince's drama, "Mother 0' Mine," be immortalized as a tribute to the advanced art of the silverscreen.Also 14th Episode of "Breaking Through" and Snub Pollard ComedyWednesday and Thursday, February 22nd and 23rdJSEXS? POLA NEGRI JftfiraSTE "PASSION"A Mighty Epic of the Screen Two Years to Produce Cast of 5000 The Love Story of All love StoriesRIP. RAROAIN SHOWI Friday, February 24th TWO FEATURES!katherine Mcdonald the beautiful liarOne of Those Pictures You Can't Help But Like t, It's So RomanticANDCHARLIE CHAPLININ"THE IDLE CLASS"7You See Two of Him-Him and Himself. s You See Him Two Times All the Time.First he's a golfing hobo, with more fancy strokes tnan onicK jLvans ever Knew aim "; secuus a UBu umu gu jiT aat rrw'cf tw "Himplf " Then he's a millionaire hubby in love with a cocktail-shaker instead of his wife.That's "Hta Bt wLnHto'X "fflmS" teUing a wonderful tale to "Him's" own wife-well better see what happensfor yourself? A riot from first tee to, the time they undress him with a can-opener.Saturday, February 25thLon Chaney, Lewis Stone, Betty Blythe." and a Big Cast, inNOMADS F THE NORTH'From the novel of James Oliver Curwood. A .f ore st fire so real ttot it staggers you! A baWe fought so fierce that ityou. And a finish so fine that you'll cheer it! Also Hallroom Boys Comedy, Their Dizzie inisn.Also Hall Room Comedy, "Their pizzy rimsnADIMSON-ADUm27c PLUS .WAIt.TAX, 30c. SHILPpPt MjV GALLERY ltc H.US 2c WAR TAfr 2f-TV2.- ... --r- u3fcenjafcjr .T - .4.- ,T"rV - iftf'" KrMH'ii,a." -a-'I:S"NeS VJSrV X -.ir h."" rfa? .. .mZ -Z. r" . "-r'-trlYtW V- . . -5fc Xftr .. - - v . - -5w V.l Zlf""5V "5L -i-t : -ti