-,vrf r. ' ' flM&f-. " rt "t l55 v- rPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FnMOlY, APRIL 7, 122i tTHEH&, H.HH "H',H HK.H H;HH HrOTHiBMif mFVbm: I m kiPM I V' ! w Km - K,j 1.JLEAN - UP - ANDPAEISPAINT - UPMayor January has designatedthe week of April 10 to 15 as'Clean Up Week," in compliancewith the custom, thattias become anannual event."Good-by dirt! Good-by, rubbish!" will be topical song heardmost in the health bureaus 'in seventhousand communities soon. And tospeed the parting guest every American householder will have on handthe most formidable weapon nextto Mrs. Jiggs' rolling pin theGreat American Broom. Father willhave a shovel and son a rake. Soon,"by the alley route, many of-the unwelcome visitors will be on theirway. No city can be consideredsanitary if any part of it is in anunhealthfuL condition. Health,your health, and your family'shealth, and. your neighbor's andyour neighbor's and their families'health is at stake in this campaign.So clean up and paint Paris!"o'YALE ALUMNI PEESENTS PICT.URE TO P H. S.The latest picture to be put up inthe Paris High School is one of"Harkness Tower," one of the newYale buildings. This gift camethrough the Kentucky Yale AlumniAssociation. The next to be received will be from Harvard. Mr. W. R."Blakemore, prominent Main streetclothier, with the assistance of Hon.Claude M. Thomas, John M. Brennan and Stanley Dickson, all graduaates of Princeton University, obtained for the school a most beautiful group and a Princeton banner.The Paris High School fully appreciates the interest in the schoolmanifested by these University men...-oKINa ALC0H0The rendition of the dramatic cantata, "King Alcohol," at St. Paul M.E. Church, Monday night, April 10,1922, by local talent, assisted by theParis Mozart Orchestra, promises toTse a rare treat to all music loversand those who attend. Come andenjoy a musical treat.CAST OF CHARACTERSColumbia Hariet SmallUncle Sam Robert Turner"Frances "Willard. .. .Louise AyersOrphan Girls. .Willie Maye Letton. . Catherine MinkKing Alcohol. . . . :Rev. J. E. WoodPianist Johnetta MebaneEASTEROPENINGDISPLAY OFREADY- TO -WEARCLOTHESNew Stylesof outstanding distinction and merit.New Woolensof unrivaled excellence in appearanceand quality.New Pricesthat conform to present ideas of economySport and ConservativeModels- Mitchell &Blakemore"We Know fiowrSTEINAMICHAELSBASEBALLThe 1922 season for the ChurchLeague will open on Tuesday, May 2,with the Methodists playing thePresbyterian team. The schedule forthe season follows:Tuesday, May 2 Methodist vs.Presbyterian; May 5 Baptist vs.Christian; May" 9 Methodist vs.Christian; May 12 Presbyterian vs.Baptist; May 16 Presbyterian vs.Christian; May 19 Baptist vs.Methodist; May 23 Methodist vs.Presbyterian; May 26 Baptist vs.Christian; May 30 Presbyterian vs.Baptist; June 2 Methodist vs.Christian; June 6 Baptist vs.Christian; June 9 Methodist vs.Presbyterian; June 13 Presbyterian vs. Baptist; June 16 Methodistvs. Christian; June 20 Baptist vs.Methodist; June 23 Presbyterianvs. Christian; June 27 Methodistvs. Presbyterian; June 30 Baptistvs. Christian; July 4 Baptist vs.Christian; ' July 7 Methodist vs.Presbyterian; July 11 Methodistvs. Christian; July 14 Presbyterian vs. Baptist; July IS Baptist vs.Methodist; July 21 Presbyterianvs. Baptist; July 25 Presbyterianvs. Christian; August 1 Methodistvs. unnstian; August 4 Presbyterian vs. Baptist; August 8 Baptistvs. Methodist; August 11 Presbyterian vs. Christian; August 15Baptist vs. Christian; August 18Methodist vs. Presbyterian; August22 Presbyterian vs. Christian;September 1 Baptist vs. Methodist.The Flemingsburg Time-Democratsays: "In the Paris JBluegrass Leaguebaseball nine we find the names offour Fleming county'' boys, as follows: Charles M. Maxey, catcher,William Hammonds. outfielder.Clarence McCord, pitcher, all ofCowan, and R. G. Powell, catcher,of Nepton. We shall have to 'root'for Paris on account of the homeboys." vOne of the proudest young fellowsin Paris is Arthur B. Hancock, Jr.,whose team, the Paris Pirates, under the toaching of "Stiffy" Burnett, took the taw of the recentlyorganized Paris City School teamby a score of 16 to 5. The teams meton Hancock Field, near Paris, Tuesday, and fought a game battle, withthe big end of the score going to thePirates, who like their namesakes,boarded the ship and carried off allthe plunder. Crawford, pitching forthe Pirates, struck out fourteen batters, while the three pitchers on themound for the P. H. S." team onlytook toll of eight. The Piratesmade seven errors, and the P. H. S.team ten. The teams presented thefollowing line-up: Pirates Jackson, c; Horton, lb; Alexander, 2b;Strother, ss; Adams, 3b; Brent rf;Terry, cf; Cbughlin, If; Crawford p.P. H. S. Adair, c; Williams, lb;Rourke, 2b; Tucker ss; McCann, 3b;Paton, rf; Jacoby, cf; Larkm, If;Christman, Welsh and Turner, p.The game was witnessed by a largecrowd of interested and enthusiastic"fans."Two members of the official umpire staff who will handle the indicators5 for the Blue Grass Leagueseries have been appointed by President Thos. M. Russe'll. They areH. D. Melville, of Lexington, andWm. C. Watkins, of Maysville. Twomore will be appointed later. Melville has had experience on the bigleague circuit, and Watkins in intercollegiate baseball. vP. E. S. GIRL'S BASKET BALLSCHEDULE 192(2.Dec. 17 Nicholasville (there)18-13 (Paris).Dec. 22 Ewing (there) 45-2(Paris).Jan. 6 Lexington (there) 22-10(Lexington).Jan. 7 Nicholasville (here)19-16 (Paris).Jan. 13 Flemingsburg (there)'14-6 (Flemingsburg).Jan. 14 Millersburg (here) 16-8(Paris).Jan. 20 Dayton (here) 23-6(Paris).Jan. 28 Flemingsburg (here)9-17 (Paris).Feb. 4 Lexington (here) 16-8Feb. 25 Dayton (there) 4-2(Dayton).March 3 Lexington (tournament) 37-9 (Lexington).March 17 Cynthiana (here)13-12 (Paris).March 24 Cynthiana (there) 1211 (Paris).Paris won ten and lost four. Theteam lined up as follows: v CenterMamie Lee Baldwin; ForwardsRuby Hall, Elizabeth Rule; GuardsKatherine Wallingford (Capt.),Edna Rose; Substitutes LouiseCollier, Vivian Wallingford.Miss Robbins made splendid record with Paris High School basketball girls' team. The High Schoolplayed a heavy schedule and allplayed a good game. Prospects fora winning team next year werenever brighter.oTanlac is the ideal strengthenerand body builder forRoche's Drug Store.old foiks0.(adv)-COUNTY EOAD COMMSSIONEBSPROTEST TAX BATE CUTAs a result of a controversy covering a period of several monthsconcerning the advisability of reducing the county tax rate in Bourbon county from 50 cents on. the$100 to 35 cents, Messrs. CatesbySpears, Sam Clay and Sam Houston,members of the x Bourbon CountyRoad Commission, have issued thefollowing statement which vwill explain the situation in this countyin a manner which has possibly notbeen made clear to many taxpayers:An article appeared in the Ken-tuckian-Citizena few days ago appealing to the Fiscal Court of Bourbon county and to the taxpayers ta.reduce the county tax rate 15 centson the $100.Any demand to reduce taxes willalways meet with popular approvaland the converse is also true, thatany argument to uphold taxes willalways be unpopular. But weshould look upon this question not' asa matter of popularity, but ratherras a business.In plain words, is it good busi-jness to reduce the tax rate in Bour-ibon county under existing conditions?In the beginning, any reductionin taxes must necessarily be takenalmost entirely from the road fund;the State rate of taxation upon alltangible property is 40 cents oneach $100, and this cannot be"1changed by the Fiscal Court. Whilethe Fiscal Court levies the amountonthe school tax for county pur-poses, yet the amount required isfixed by an order of. the CountyBoard of Education and the FiscalCourt has no right to reduce thisamount. The special 20-cent road Jtax voted in the fall of 1919 cannotbe changed by an order of court.The only possible change tha cancome is in the old 50-cent ratewhich has been established and paidin this county for more than 15years. ' .The argument to reduce any portion of this would never be presented except for the "fact that the 20cent load tax was voted less thanthree yeais ago.Out of this 50-cent tax all generalexpenses of the county are paid,such as maintaining the county infirmary, jail, court house, salaries,hospital, charities and any arid allclaims against the county. The balance left is used for road purposes,and, as these various general expense? are largely fixed, it necessarily follows that any reductionmade must be borne by the roadfund.It is stated that material and labor are cheaper. This was anticipated three years ago when the question of bond issue was first proposed, and for this reason, the planwas adopted of using the issue ovena period of five years.The increase in valuation is alsourged as a reason for the reductionThe increase in the use of our roadshas been greater.On the strength of the peoples'vote and, relying on the co-operationof the Fiscal Court, the commissioners purchased for the county a largeamount of road equipment for thepurpose of cariying out their planswhich were to extend over a periodof at least five years. Up to thepresent time, one-half of the bondissue has been sold and expended.Should the Fiscal Court reduce thetax rate 15 cents on the $100 theypractically nullify the special roadtax of 2 cents which was to takecare of the bond issue.Should the Fiscal Court undo bytheir vote what an overwhelmingmajority of the people of Bourboncounty voted to do less than jthreeyears ago.?If this reduction is made and asimilar reduction made next year,the available funds will not allo-wthe present rate of construction toextend beyond the middle of 1923.The past two years about 65 mileshave been reconstructed. Two yearsago only about 25 miles of road wasfound up to a standard to justifysurface treatment and maintenance.This has been done and these 25miles are in better condition todaythan they were two yejrd ago.By the aid of the best machineryand equipment, the work has beendone with a saving of approximately25 per cent, of wh,at it would na-vecost by contract; this after due allowance has Tieen made for depreciation in value of equipment.If this reduction is made, by nextyear, the entire bond issue will beexpended with less than half of theroads reconstructed, and the available revenue so small that all of itwill be required for maintenance.Machinery and equipment will beidle, or have to be sold at a sacrifice. The reduction in the tax rate of15 cents on each $100 is but a smallsaving to any individual exceptthose whom we might term wealthy.As an illustration, the assessed value of land in Bourbon county is $123an acre, and a saving of 15 per centin taxes would be about 18 centsan acre; thus, the farmer on t, 100acres oft land would save $18.50 ayear, or 5 cents & dayr-the? futmeryNEWS EROM THE COURTS- In the County Court, Tuesday,Hiram Parker, a young colored' boywas adjudged insane by a jury andordered committed to the EasternKentucky Hospital for the Insane,at Lexington, where he was takenlater by an attendant from theHospital. Parker served as cook atCamp Taylor during the war, andhis hallucination was that the" Gov-1ernment is indebted to him foralarge sum, and will not pay him.Squire Paynter, a young .whiteman, of Middletown, O., was arrsted by Patrolman Robfe Lusk, ashe was boarding an L. & N. passenger train at the Tenth Street L. &- N. passenger stationPaynter was.charged with having taken 39 incash from the cash drawer of HomerRankin, a Second street grocer. Hewas arraigned before Police JudgeMartin and sentenced to thirty daysin jail.County Judge Batterton appointed T. B. Jones as administrator ofthe estate of Mattie Jones, deceased.Mr. Jones qualified for the trust byfurnishing bond in the sum of $4,000) with Allen T. Current as- iurety,Robert Hall and Ed."Rrco mrTiifo.. -.. VUUV,, ""'iwere presented before Judge GeoBatterton in the County Court, on.charges of unlawfully fishing in thewaters of a stream within the limitsor tne county. Both entered pleas!of guilty, and were fined $24.50each.In the Police Court lank English and Elva Turner, who wereplaced under arrest Sunday nightby Mayor January on a charge ofoperating their automobiles withoutlights and exceeding the speed limit,were fined $10 and costs on eachcharge. Later on in the course of theinvestigation it developed that thelicense tags on Turner's car had-been loaned to him by a friend.Taylor and Willis Center, twinbi others, were held to the grandjury in bonds of $500 each by County Judge George Batterton on achaige of stealing two mules fromElijah Napier, of Tolliver, Wolfecounty. In default of the necessarybond they were sent to jail. Theboys were arrested by Chief of PoliceLink on suspicion. They were endeavoring to sell the mules to Berkley Jacobs, a local liveryman. Napier notified the Paris authoritiesthe theft of two mules from hisplace. In company with W. O.Black, of Mt. Sterling, he came toParis and furnished complete iden-ltincation of the stolen animals.During the investigation it developed that the saddles and bridles themen weie using on the mules werestolen from a Shelby county farmer.The mules, saddles and bridles wererestored to their proper owners.TRUANT OFFICER'S REPORT..At the regular monthly meetingbf the Bourbon County Board ofEducation held in the office of County School Superintendent J. M.McVey, in the court house, Mis.Robert Bell, County Truant Officer,reported that during the month ofMarch she had made sixty .visits toschools; had called in person on 121families; placed 196 children inschool, and, in connection with thecounty nurse, had furnished medicalassistance to eight families andclothing and books to twelve children. The report was accepted andplaced on record.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insursue &THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANwith 200 acres would save $37 ayear, or 10 cents a, day. Would thissmall saving justify the stoppage ofthe road work; the loss of the useof the equipment, and the gradualdeterioration of all the unworkedpikes in the county? The old saying Jof "a stitch in time saves nine," applies nowhere more accurately thanit does to a road.Is it fair to those who, live" 'onroads that have not-been reconstructed to adopt the policy, whichwill mean that a " number of theroads will never be reached. If thisreduction is made, should the commission sell the remaining part ofthe bonds, thus placing a heavyburden on the, future years when weare unwilling to pay our fair protion of the burden?With the coming of the automobiles and trucks, good roads are notonly a good investment, but an absolute necessity. There are nowmore than 800 automobiles andtrucks in Bourbon county.Think of the indirect tax of badroads; the trouble of getting ourchildren to school; the increasedcost of transnortation: the wear tand tear and depreciation of ourmachines; the poor mileage of tiresI and - extra gasoline used. Does thesituation justify this- reduction?;,You cannot have good roads withoutpaying for them.BOURBON - COUNTY ROAD COMrt.i. -MISSION. c.t3EXA, number of nrominent indenend-r6fit -ffolders of old tobacco in hogsheads throughout Kentucky havelaunched a moement to pool thist class", of tobacco, with the view ofputting- a stop to dumping, it on theauction market, while 'there is suchlittle demand for it, and to hold .it.until-lt can be sold at what is considered a fair price to, the owners.With this end in view all holders of old hogshead tobacco havebeeji invited to attend a meeting atthe Lafayette Hotel, in Lexington,next Monday at 10:30 o'clock, totake some steps to arrange for thepooling- and marketing of thistob'acco."While the promotors of the movement, among whom are Louisville,Maysville and1 Flemingsburg tobaccomen, have not perfected their plans,it is said to be their intention todiscuss the situation, appoint acommittee to take charge of thesales of this tobacco after it ispooled, so that there will be onlyone selling agent to offer for salethe grades that are wanted.The call for the Lexington meeting next Monday is signed by Hardyman &Malone and Charley Newman,. Maysville; Mark Hendrix andW. W. Ross, Flemingsburg; Rhodes& Grannis, Ewing.oPRISONER TAKES "FRENCHLEAVE"Wesley Sapp, a young white boy,who had been convicted, at the Marchterm of Bourbon Circuit' Court andsentenced to a jail sentence for having moonshine whisky in his possession, made his escape from the jailyesterday morning. Sapp had beenemployed at work on the outside forseveral days, and yesterday morningwhile left alone for a few moments,made his escape. Officers are making a search for him, -and it isthought his recapture will be effected soori. 'BIRTHSMr. and Mis. Robt.are the proud parents ofdaughter, born at theirWatkinsa babyhome ongirl hasScott avenue. The littlebeen named Margie Kenney Watson.Mrs. Watson was before her marri-age Miss Mabel Neal, of Mt. Olivet.rINDEPENDENHT TOBACCOMOVE TO POOLHome Craft WeekApril 3rd to 8t1iA MilI hfin L'I i ' S ift 'ii Vm vH INj ri. lit ii-, -t v r IS? i... ; -i? If $ 1 io i v a f JhJB ?The New TUSCAN NET the hit of the season,Never before have we featured curtaining' whichcreated such a furore among homemakers as the -TUSCANNET CURTAINS.This, you know, is the new curtaining which is 'taking the decorators of the country by storm, because of the -delightfully pleasing quality of its bigvirile mesh.You'll see TUSCAN NET in the finest homes in -thecountry yet it is surprisingly inexpensive.But this is only one of the merchandise surprises ondisplay in our drapery department.FRANK&CO,LADIES' OUTFITTERSv.PLASS FOR COUNTRY CLUHE1)ER WAYAt a meeting of subscribe! teeth"Country Club project, held at. tkcourt Tiouse, Monday nigktr about"$10,000 in pledges and sulrijr4irwas "taken.. It was decided tkt?tsum, of $15,000" would be naoMfcu-j-rfor financing the project. A. committee composed of Withers Davis,James M. Caldwell and ClartaceeK.Thomas was appointed to conduct acampaign for the purpose of raisinthe additional $5,000.The report of the organizationcommittee, composed of Tom Holt,Jas. G. Metcalfe and Oscar T. Hinton, was" adopted. John F. DarUvand Ayelette Buckner were namida nominating committee to" nominate eighteen men for the director-'ate. Nine directors will he- electedat a meeting to be theld on nextMonday night, April 10, at 7:3o'clock. Ballots have been preparedand are being mailed to each subscriber to the fund. The organization will be perfected at this mtt-.ing, and all subscribers are asked tobe present in person or to send aproxy in order to have a vote in thselection of the directors..-I o -LODGE NOTESAt the meeting of Rourbgn Lodge,I. O. O. F., Monday night the Initiatory Degree was conferred on Melvin R. Hornback, and the Third Degree on, Jesse Parker.At the regular meeting of Rath-Tbone Lodge, K. of P., last night tha 'First and Second Ranks were confer-red on Sandie Rudder and J. C. .Fightmaster. Both are in the black-T-smithingbusinessand ought to be-come "strong me"n" in the order. - "NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC - LIGHTS, LOCATED OKNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER-CO.(nov25-tf)D 'FINE FOR SHEEPALFALFA LEAF SHEEP FEED ISFINE FOR SHEEP AT THIS TIMEOF YEAR. LET US SUPPLY YOU,R. F. C0T,TTR1' &:&4-itUlVhN,t-.V.Vlhit:tT' -u- w-'V"lT, f-- '-w &, -VT - "- .3rV 8&ZaZtt -V K4u2C:si J, M,.VV V-i-V'' .. i jaKi ,-?."-a s. r3st3fe a-'-45Mb-'&VV'-V: 'X.--r-V-.-.fx.-Xiwt-'!-hU;- iv-tti.r PAGE TWOt-THE BOURBON NEWShad ISf I 41 Tears of Contimioi& .PublicationTriyTilied Ercry Tuesday and Fridaytr Tmt $2.006 Months 41.00. Payable Cash in Advance.3L " . .CHAMP, Editor and Uwneritrd at the Paris, Kentucky,as Mail Matter of theid Class.)3?".7X FOREIGN EEPEESENTA, n TIVES:' Mew York American Press Asso-Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Hassengale Adv. Agency' t Cincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per. tacb for first time; 50 cents per inchuack subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineach -issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue."Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andfanll&r matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseaents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or.other matter for publication.Announcements for political offices"must invariably be accompanied byithe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofay person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns-of THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to the'Attention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSApples may be losing popularity--witti "the other rpv"' "Rvp wnrp.nn.clothes until she had eaten one.Now that the engineers have-eliminated . the "put-put" from nio-tor boats, 'who will help us take the""take-takes" out of the tax collectors? .An electrical engineer has filedsuit against Henry Ford for $11,-000,000. A man always makes amistake when he has more money- -than he knows what to. do with..The Paris newspaper men aregood at hard work and leg work, butthey have not yet been able to run"down the party who has been writing those "X X X" articles.A Paris mother who has beenslaving considerable trouble with-oae of her young hopefuls sayswhile it is true that some plants- thrive , in "" the hot sun, wild oats-Sourish most under the influence of-"Moonshine.- Ske wore a happy smile-And"here and there a bead,"Yet she was always popularIn fact, she took the lead.- From this we learn that simpledressIs but assign of sense;- It does its duty twice as well''With .half as much expense.We .suppose that next to fruit--raising, making moving pictures,iaving earthquakes, scandals and-political upheavals, the trying ofTatty Arbuckle will be one of Cali--fonria's chief industries for severalTears to come.s ""- A Cincinnati music-, publisher-rushes into print with the boldatatement that the latest hit launch-ed;. "She'sJust a Plain Old-FashionedGirV is "making a clean sween "Which, it seems tos, is preciselyr waat tnat sort of girl would do.Way the excitement?'The report that when the King ofEngland suggested that the Duke of- ; Totk kiss all the bridesmaids at the,-wadding of Princess Mary, theSDuke"lost his nerve" will not be believed. mio nci;a. uj. WOOQS. A youngpan wno nasn't the nerve to kiss acozen -bridesmaids publicly neverwiH dare tackle one girl privately.A -Louisville papers says: "Man iskuilt to sit. The cat and the dog,ait, and they seem to enjoy doingao." Which brings us to the some--waat distracting discovery thataeither of the gentle ceratures- - Mentioned have ever been known to. fcuy a chair to prove their natural"it for a sitting posture. Whichia more than you can say for man.."Greed- for diamond and furs,"aays. a-New York judge, "is thecurse of the times, and many wo-wi are leading their husbands- destruction because of it." By thetiate we get all "the curses" of the-v:tfe. listed and classified, we will: r fce -ready to1 realize that, after all- 'ft i the "Old Adam" at work in' C- tkim.i " ".',? w fl Jefferson county grand juryJ - te its March report calls attentionV the practice of the Louisville,'rfHceIn searching and seizing thev TK9Nrty of citizens without war--i.-5 v.-j w.kij"" - V"rant, jweapedfor 'jtheHawyofFacerg ofthe law is a-poor inethod'of Ilaw enforcement, as' well as an in1justice- to the citizens. This is especially true in the case (5 the poorman, who cannot protect himselffrom official injustice. Tn these paternalistic days a man's home is jiolonger his castle thanks to thelong-haired reformers..P0STMASTEP, WATCH YOUR- 1STEP!Postmaster General Work is looking to the daily press to keep himadvised as to how the Postal Service is functioning, and for this purpose he has asked postmasters tosend him clippings of news itemsand editorial comment on postalmatters, j both critical and complimentary. "The newspaper is themedium -through which the public istalked to and talks back." saidPostmaster General Work, "and it isan indispensible aid in improving,the service."Postmaster General Work has appointed a committee to formulateplans and arrangements for a "Postal Improvement Week," which hasbeen fixed as the first week in Slay,beginning on Monday, May 1, 1922.All postmasters, and all otherswho may be interested, are invitedto send suggestions to the Department for consideration in connectionwith the program for this specialimprovement work.oEGGS AND POULTBY MARKETSDue to unfavorable and backwardweather conditions, the season yieldof eggs is later than normally. Itis about two weeks later than lastyear.Markets are easy to lower, and itis expected normal weather conditions will materially increase production. The marketing of live poultry isquite free for this Reason of the yearand lower values are ruling ondressed poultry. The outlook onvalues of live shipments vis uncertain. Production of butter is showinga .slight increase resulting in some-wnat lower values, a condition to beexpected at this season of the year.xue uemana continues, good forthe better grades of butter. -Theimportance of the proper care andprompt delivery of cream is illustrated by the fact that undergradebutter on the principal markets isselling four to five cents below topgrades.G0VERNMENT WANTS STENOGRAPHERS . George A. Bateman, secretary ofthe Lexington Examining Board,has received official notice from theSecretary ,of the Sixth TJ. S. CivilService District, comprising Ohio.Indiana and Kentucky, with headquarters at Cincinnati, that there is-a. -itan urgent need for persons qualified of work for the fund; Dr. Frank L.as stenographers and typists, es- McVey, president of the Universitypecially men, to take positions inlnf TvrnitnoTrv TTorhprt fin,the government service in variousnw,r! P!f-rf ........ tiivm suuautc Octl- 'anes ranging from $900 to $1,200per year, and it is stated that- opportunities exist for employment inmany of the smaller towns as well asin the principal cities. The promo- method had been found whereby thetion of efficient employees, to higher necessary funds could be raisedsalaries is reasonably rapid. The proposed memorial is to- costwmrrT rGSe places, $300,000 and will- be used to housewill be held in X.exine:ton and in ' at. jthe larger cities in the Itates named ' w " w fTon April 11. Qualified persons ln-lWono War' whlch are now beinSterested in securing such govern-i prepar-ed by the Kentucky councilment tmployment should annlv atio defense. Relics of the war alsoonce for a set of special questionsand the necessary application blankeither to Mr. Bateman, secretary of'10a;?ml service 'board, post-7:::r,Tr,f1 "- ri?16j WJ. wiAcu. u. o. service iDistrict,., postoffice building, Cincin-1nati-o-WeH Trained.Teacher "What does a well-bredchild do -when a- visitor calls to seaher mother?" Child "Me I go playin the street." Paris Sans-Gene.STATEMENTOf The Ownership, Management"Etn nf. THE B0UEB0N NEWS,published Tuesdays and Fridays, atParis, Ky., April, 1922,- required by the Act of August 24,-1912.NOT&-This statement is to bemadoIn duplicate, both conies to hp ahv.ered by the publisher to the Postmas-!ter, wno win send one copy to theThird Assistant Postmaster General(Division of Classification), Washington, D. C, and retain the other in theflies of the postoffice.Name of Editor Swift Champ.Postoffice Address Paris, KyManaging Editor Swift Champ.Business Manager Swift Champ.Publisher Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give thename and address of stockholders hold"iB wiio per cent, or more of totaltol"? Zi stock)Swift Champ.Known stockholders, mortgageesand other security holders, holdingone per cent, or more of total amountof bonder mortgages or other securities. "None.SWIFT CHAMP.Sworn to and subscribed before methis 23d day-of March; 192GEO. L. DOYLE',Notary PubUo Bourbon Co Ky;191922mmiSSl0n ?pIres FeDruaryf-THKi.,BOURBON NEWS, - PARB,VrH3eNTOCErmmjmimmmr.jiOJJtjJOH'f 'ranEWh rr Minimi, j- i-tfrr'. ".I "- ss -rBoys" from"Paris and Bourboncounty are again invited to taKe tnecourse in physical-milita'ry trainingto be given during July and Augustat Camp Roosevelt, under commandof Major F. L. Beols, U. S. A. Wordto that effect has been received bySuperintendent of County Schools JVMoler Mcvey ana supennienaeniLee Kirkpatrick, from Peter A. Mortenson Superintendent of ' ChicagoPublic Schools.Camp Roosevelt is intended as aliving memorial to the principles ofmilitary and physical fitness forwhich Theodore Roosevelt stoo'd, andis established by the Chicago Boardof Education, with the sanction andsupport of the War Department ofthe U. S. GovernmentsThe camp is divided into three sections, to meet the differentneeds ofthe boys: The R. O. T. C. divisionis for bQys of High School age whoseek primarily out-door life andphysical training; the SummerSchool Division includes seventh andeighth graded and all high schoolsubjects. The Chicago Board ol Education authorizes the acceptance ofcredits earned in the comp school.The Junior Camp Division is for theyounger .boys, ap.d includes instruction in scoutcraft and woodlore. Asa further co-operative step, the WarDepartment furnishes equipment forthe camp and the recruits.Thi year the camp will open onJuly 5, and will be conducted for sixweeks, divided into two periods -ofthree weeks each. A boy may attend either one or both of these periods, as desired. The enrollmentfee of $2.00 will be charged, andathree-weeks' outing under finest possible conditions will cost each recruit less than $30 for the training,mess privileges, and other incidentalexpenses. The principal expense ofthe camp is borne by a group of patriotic Chicago business men who areinterested in making the camp a nation-widesuccess.The camp will move from Michigan to LaPorte, Indiana, 65 milesfrom Chicago.HOW'S THIS ?HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE willdo what we claim for it rid your system ,or uatarrh or Deafness caused" by catarrh. We do not recommend it for anyother -disease.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aliquid, taken internally, and acts throughthe blo'od upon the mucous surfaces ofthe system, thus reducing the inflammation and assisting Nature in restoringnormal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo, Ohio.K. U. MEM0KIAL FUND PLAN- ADOPTEDPlans for raising funds "for theproposed memorial building to beerected on the campus of the University of Kentucky in memory ofKentucky boys who died in theWorld "War, were discussed at ameeting in Frankfort, attended byJ- c- "Wilson, of Louisville, in chargeaiumni secretary of the university!d George Colvin, State- superin-tendent of public instruction.Nothing was given out as to th'eplan discussed, but it was said afterthe meeting that it is believed a"would be housed" in the building,which would provide a chapel forthe UniversityApproximately $60,000 oftheneeded funds has been raised.True Friendship.We do not like our friends theworse' because they sometimes givens an opportunity to rail at themheartily. Their faults reconcile us totheir virtues. Haziitt.Grease in Wall Paper.Press a cloth -moist with high gradegasoline against the paper for abouta minute. Do' this repeatedly, as asingle application will remove only apart of the grease.P1MPLY7WEU..D0NTBEPeople Notice It Drive ThemOff with Dr. Edwards'Olive TabletsA pimply face will not embarrass youmuch longer if you get a package ofDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skinshould begin to clear after you havetaken the tablets a few nights.Cleanse the blood, bowels and liverwith Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, thesuccessful substitute for calomel; there'sno sickness or pain after taking them.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do thatwhich calomel does, and just as effectively, but their action is gentle andsafe instead of severe and irritating.No one who takes Olive Tablets isever cursed with a "dark brown taste,"a bad.oreath, a dull, listless, "no good"feeling, constipation, torpid liver, baddisposition or pimply face.Olive Tablets are a purely vegetablecompound mixed with onve oil; you willknow them by their olive color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with" fiver and bowelcomplaints, and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective result. Take one orvtvo nightly for a week. See how.much' - r- 'H&.? 5$VWTV.ViJU JJfc- W l(l"KBXT JTJ1YThelnew registration law, reoLuirfng every voter to register next July,makes drastic changes in suffragein the State. It requires each voterto give his age, height, other description and to-sign the registrationbook so that he may be identifiedby signature when he seeks to 'vote.No certificates are required, andlonly one registration is necessary solong as the voter remains "in thesame county. If he mores from onetprecinct to another he may go tothe County Clerk, (who is the custodian of registration books) andobtain anenter-coutity transfer, enabling them to register in the newcounty.This law was passed over the Tetoof Governor Morrow. It receivedthe votes of Democratic members ofboth Houses, who had been pledgedby party caucuses. Two registrationdays are to be observed in-each precinct next July, and there is tos bea special registration sixty days before election. Hereafter only oneday in July is to be observed.Provision is also made for purging the books by precincts. In anyprecinct where fraud is climedone Democrat - and one Republicanare to be nam,ed to purge by theElection Commission. Should theydisagree, or should a registrant feelaggrieved by their decision, appealto the Circuit Court is provided.o :CHILDEEN'S WEEK, APRIL 30MAY 6Children's Week will be observedfrom April 30 to May 6, and an effort will be made to have all organizations and persons interested inchildren to give thought to helpingchildren physically, mentally, socially and spiritually?- Emphasis willbe placed on the importance ofstory-telling, games and ..all recreational activities, as well as onreligious instruction.DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE '-HOME- -LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALQUICKMASTER'S SAIEr BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTLucy F. Letton's Executors. . . .. .PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Her Devisees. . ..-.. ..DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of the Bourbon Cir-Main Street to the diviscuit Court in the above styled action therein pending, , the undersigned Master Commissioner, will onSATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1922;on the premises at the corner ofMain and Twelfth Streets, in Paris,Kentucky, at about the hour ofthree o'clock p. m., sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder the following described property:A. certain house and lot onMain street, in Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, described asfollows:Beginning on Main Street atthe division line of WillamHinton and the lot herebyconveyed, thence with MainStreet abbut 60 feet to TwelfthStreet, about 118 feet td thedivison line in the rear, be. tween the lot of said Hintonand the property hereby conveyed; thence parallel withbeginning, and being tne. sameion line between said Hinton'slot and the lot hereby conveyed; thence with the said division line7 of said Hinton to thebeginning, and being the sameproperty .conveyed to first party, Frank P. Walker, by P. P.Cummins and wife by deed ofdate December 27, 1911, whichdeed is recorded in the BourbonCounty Clerk's Office in DeedBook 98, Page 38JL.Said sale will be made upon credits of sixxand twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their twdbondswith good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively andbearing interest at the rate of sixper cent per annum from date ofsale until paid; said bonds to havethe force and effect of judgments.Saidfeale is made for the purposeof a division among the parties ininterest. . x" , O. T. HINTON,' Master Commisflioner B. C. C.mammmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmHmmmmmmmmmmmmmmHmmmmmmmmmmm" ""." 7" " t3 - .Vg-. '' "wmmmmSmmmmammmmammmmmmammmmmmmmmmnmi niiliii B 0B aiHHn'n - H ., iiKMlTiB- - -- j &&rm-t i.u -7- -n.rAnr aiT 'm mrC an3"" wif !- womam- tocookin jn to work on place.Call phones 334 or 136. (4-3t,FOR RENTLarge front room, nicely, furnished. Suitable for two gentlemen.MRS. HARRY LYONS,(4-tf) No. 918 Main Street.HOUSE, IANTED .Wanted, to buy or rent a nicehome in Paris. Call CumberlandPhone No. 282. ' (4-4t) 'Fish! Fish!We have just received a shipmentof Halibut, Salmon, Jted Snapper,Catfish and Mullets.Let me fill your order.J. BENNETT TARR,(24-2t-F) Cumb. Phone 082.BASE BALLHEADQUARTERSBalls, Bats, Mitts, Gloves, Shoes,Uniforms, and everything for theteam.BCUE GRASS CAFE.(14-tf)EGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted :We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf ' W. O. CROMBIE.We Buy and SellAll kinds of household goods.Special price on a 4-piece BedRoom set a beauty. Come and see it.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.. (augl5-tf)Cumb. Phone 402.1?Vj. -jfX'VRp10BWBHBBT"lifenry"jSjjb rpHE notable qual-ity of our professional efforts is theirdignified character.Our unfailing politeness is at all timesfavorably commentedupon. Oar servicesare faithfully performed."nii . u w. 'ggattattaeaeagn. IlUIUniiFurmiturt -Finiikiir, PaiatiBg,Decorating, Graimiag, House andSign Painting, Interior and Exterior.Call Home Phone 475.(7mar-to-apr28)JtlFor Spring Planting!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsStrawberriest?e VinesPerennialsEvergreensHedgingEtc.Seed PotatoesEverything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Av largeillustrated catalog and guidesent on request.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsA Nursery Word in KentuckyLexington, Kentucky(tilll5apr)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington',7:05 a. m.8': 05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05-a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4": 05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m6:00 p. m!7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTI02T & TEEMETAL CO.(dec6-tf)THE REAL REASONFOR A" PRETTY SKINWhy is it that one girl has afresh smooth complexion and another a skin which is lifeless, dulland sallow? Is it a gift: of nature orsome guarded beauty secret?It is a secret, but an open onein which every woman may share.It consists in knowledge of the carewhich keeps the skin free fromclogging, poisonous accumulationsin the removal every day of all dirt,oil secretions, excess cold cream,powder and rouge.To do this, use mild soap,massage it thoroughly into your ,skin and remove with many rinsings. The mildest soap you canchoose for this purpose is Palmolive. It contains Palm and Oliveoils. These rare oils are the mildestcleansersnature ever produced. Theyare the oils used by Cleopatrathousands of years ago.Their combination in Palmoliveproduces a profuse, creamy latherwhich penetrates every tiny pore,removes every trace of dirt, oil,rouge and powder and leaves theskin smooth and fresh as a rose.You can buy Palmolive Soap atall first class groceries and drug stores.THE PALMOLIVE COMPANYMilwaukee, "Wis.A FRIDAT, APWU T, l$U'B-BiiP Bmbetter you feel and.look. 15c and 30c j(mar31-apr7-14)I BHHHHaHHMMMBMHHBHBHaHM.KMr ...- -' - WAGKTEOUmr .-FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1922THE) BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTpCKlMrs. L. writes:"I am convinced there it a difference inbaking powder. I have been iitirig anyold powder for ten yeart but my cakesare 100 per cent better since I bought acan of Royal Baking Powder. I recommend it to any housewife who thinks sheknows all about cake snaking with anyland of powder."ROYALBAKING POWDERAbsolutely PureContains No AlumLeaves No Bitter TasteSend for New Royal Cook Book It's FREERoyal Baking Powder Co., 130 William St., Hew Yorkhaery Mccarty, prominentEDITOR AND PUBLISHER DEADHarry M. McCarty, editor of theJessamine Journal, died at his home4inNieholasville at S o'clock Sundaymorning- after a continued illness ofBright's disease for more than eightmonths. He was 57 years old.Mr. McCarty was one of the bestknown newspaper men and polticians in the State. His political- careerbegan at an early period of his life.At the age of fourteen he was elected a page in the United States Senate, and two years later was madethe -chief of pages when that officewas created by the United StatesSenate. cIn 1SS7 he moved to Nicholasville, where he and his father purchased the Jessamine Journal, whichpaper he has owned and publishedcontinuously since that time.Mr. McCarty represented Jessaminecounty in the General Assembly inthe lower house for two terms, in1907 and 1909. He was also an active and influential member of. theKentucky Press Aassociation, ofwhich he was president in 1901.Mr. McCarty leaves two -children,Harry McCarty, Jr., and LevingYoung McCarty.The funeral will be held at theSt. Luke's Catholic church, in Mcholasville, this (Tuesday) morning,withrequiem high mass, conductedby ("Rev. Father N. Juderman. Theinterment will take place in MapleGrove Cemetery, in Nicholasville.The pall-bearers will be his formerassociates in the newspaper businessand editors of the Kentucky press:James B. Stears, Clinton Ricketts,James T. Welch, John H.- Bowman,Frank Folger and L. S. Fitzhugh.PISTOL OWNERS MUST REGISTER THEIR GUNSCUniNG HIGH COST. OF CLOTHING?By sending your wearing apparel to the SWISS for cleansing and repairs, there will beno need for purchasing new.REMEMBEROur Dyeing has no equal. Werenew original colors. We dyene? shades, which cannot bedetected from a new piece ofcloth.Send by Parcel PostSWISSCleaner and Dyers909 SOOTH SIXTH ST.LOUISVILLE x- - KENTUCKYPERSONALSEvery citizen of Kentucky whoowns a pistol or revolver is requiredto register it with the County CourtClerk of the county in which he resides and every dealer who handlespistols must pay an annual licensefee of $25, under provisions of. a lawwhich was passed by the generalassembly.p The law was proposed in answerto an increasing demand throughoutthe State for some" law which wouldlimit the practice of carrying pistolsso prevalent in some sections. Itwas urged on behalf of the law thata requirement to register pistolswould act as a deterrent to crime.A fee of one dollar is required withthe registration of the pistol and theCounty Clerk is required to furnishthe Secretary of State with a complete list of all persons registeringpistols in his county.Any person convicted of not registering his gun shall be subject to afine from $25 to $300 or confined injail from 30 days to six months. Asimilar penalty is provided for anydealer who fails to obtain a licenseto buy and sell pistols. Any unregistered pistol will be forfeited tothe commonwealth android by thesheriff.Mrs. Ella Young-is seriously illat her home on Lilleston avenue.. Mrs. Noah Spears and Mrs. L.D. Harris are visiting relatives inCovington.Mrs. A. B. Wadill and daughterare in Covington, as guests of Mrs.Wadill's mother, Mrs. Aldrich. ,Mrs. J. M. McCarthy and children have returned from a visit toMrs. George Rourke, in Norwood,Ohio. " vMrs. James Ellis, of Sharon1ville, Ohio, is visiting her parents";Mr. and Mrs. John Cahal, on Second street.Miss Elizabeth Green, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Charles Green, isrecovering from an illness of bronchial pneumonia.Mrs. L. T. Vimont has returnedto her home in Newport after a visitto friends and relatives in this cityand in Millersburg.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson isspending the week at her home inFlemingsburg. At the conclusion ofher visit she will resume her evangelistic singing tour in Texas.Mrs. Kimbrough Duvall andlittle daughter, Dorothy, of Camden,New Jersey, are guests at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. George Duvall andMrs. Hazel Potts, on Lilleston ave-nue.Miss Margaret Slaughter, guestat the home of her aunt, Mrs. Thos.M. Funk, on South Main street, hasreturned to her home in Leoti,Kansas. During her stay in Paris,Miss Slaughter was guest at a number of social entertainments givenfor her. One of these was a farewellparty given -by anumber of youngpeople. Her sister, Miss KatherineSlaughter, will remain through thesummer with Mrs. Funk.(Other Personals on Page 5)oTHOS. BRADLEY TO MANAGE- LEXINGTON TRACKThe Young Mother's-Health is Most VitalHear What Mrs. Ellis Says About ItCovington Ky. "During each epectant period I used Dr. Tierce's Favorite Prescription, My friends were alwaysvery anxious about me, but especially tnelast time, because I was justgetting overa case of the fhh But Iiim happy to saytheir fcarsWfcre unfounded. After takingDr. Piefcc's Favorite Prescription I hadno trouble at all and comparatively nosuffering. Therefore I know the -FavoritePrescription to be good medicine andin my opinion it is the very best thing aprospective mother can take." Mrs.Alma Ellis, 209 E. 3rd St.Obtain this famous Prescription now atyour nearest drug store, ih tablets or liquid, or write Dr. Pierce, president Invalids' Hotel in Buffalo, N. Y., for freemedical advice,lk4U. M . VO. . - JMORAL: "KEEP 0FE THE GRASS,BOYS.""Thos. "C. Bradley, Mayor of Lexington, is to he resident manager ofthe Kentucky Jockey Club's Lexington track, his appointment datingfrom April 1. He is to have fullcharge and General Manager Matt J.Winn, who made the appointment,has stated that he will back him upin all matters.The Kentucky Jockey Club is tobe congratulated upon having secured so capable a man for this important position, which has been vacant since the resignation of Col R.L. Baker in 1920, the duties havingbeen performed meanwhile by Gen.eral Manager Winn himself.Mayor Bradley is well versed inracing. For a number of years hehas been a breeder and owner ofthoroughbred horses.The following is sent from Winchester to the daily papers: "That ahint to the wise will prove sufficient-,evidently is the belief "of themanagement of a local storey To-daythe following sign in black face"box car caps" was posted- prominently near one of the front entrances to the establishment: "Men whomeet other men's wives here andwomen who fill appointments withother women's husbands here willbe handled according to the law."o XWhen Greek meets Greek, it istime for the Turks to make themselves scarce.Capital.. . 15Mt.MSurplus and Profits 122,5H.tfStockholders' Liabilities 15,M.MProtection to Depositors , .422,5MMEstablished ,1851.-Peoples Deposit Batik?C& Trust Co.Paris, KentuckyV -.-.WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITIOFFICERS, S. E. BEDFORD, President G. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pres.-CashlerGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres. GEO. L. DOYLE.Assiseant CashierROBT. METEER. ViccPres.LEVY The Dry Cleaner "IS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGPatronize Bourbon News Advertisers."K4CBSHCsfAnd -we are" again being giventhe various excuses for the highprice of coal.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BABBERS-4:Modern Equipment.-Expert and Polite SerriceHOT AND. COLD BATHSWE DELIVER FREEAnd Our Prices are the LowestPAY CASH AND SEE WHATYOU SAVE! .No. 1 can Royal Anne Cherries 24cvNo. 1 can Peaches . . ." . 20cNo. 1 can Del Monte Pineapple .' 35cDel Monte Asparagus Tips..). 40cArgo Salmon, per can 3XcNo. 2 can Apple Sauce. .- T1 5cAGood Can of Corn...c - lOcNo. lean Sifted -Peas 20cNo. 2 can Little Quaker Peas ." 35cElephant Brand Corn 1 5cNo. 3 can Kraut... v ., . 15cNo. 3 can Hominy. . .:..'!. 1 0cCampbell's Soups, per can 1 OcPotatoes, peclr.; ....... ."T. ". 40cCabbage, pound . 5cJello. all flavors .". 10cMatches, per box,. 5cOld Dutch Cleanser ' 0Quick Naptha Soap, 4 bars for ....-..25cVPARIS BAKING CO." . " """ V"lRHEUMATISMDo you know that, rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(H-tf) Milan, Ind.0LEIKA TEMPLE TO STAGE CERArrangements are being made forthe annual spring ceremonial whichOleika Temple, A. A. O. N. M. S.,will stage Friday, April 14, at theWoodland auditorium, in Lexington.This is one of the big events atShrihedom of the year and effortsare being made by the members tomake this the biggest year. A goalof at least 200 candidates has beenset. Several hundred members of theShrine from Lexington and all-Eastern Kentucky are expected to takepart in the ceremonies. Gus L. Heyman is Potentante of the Temple jand Theodore Jones, Recorder. Acomplete program for the day willbe published at an early date.-'A Can ofBeans Can'tArgue WithYou '- .Jt can't keep you and others waiting while it tells you why it is better thananother brand, when you know by experience which is best.(Neither can a jar nor a box of anything else cans, jars and boxes are theirown salesmen in PIGGLY WIGGLY.You are safe in buying from PIGGLY WIGGLY as you will find no offbrands there.When you go into" a PIGGLY WIGGLY Store you are jiot urged to buythis or that. You are never told "We are just out of that, but here is somethingelse just as good," you get what you want, what you know is good, and you selectit of your own free will with your own hands.FANCY LARGE SIZE POTATOESPECK, 15 POUNDS WEIGHED40cPrattlow Sweet Pickledpeaches; No. 2V2 canSunnyside Fruit Salad;No. 2 Vz.Templar Red Pitted Cherries;No 2 canDel Monte Black PittedCherries-; No. 2 canDel Monte Apple Sauce;No 2 can. . . . . .GOVERNMENT POSITIONSYoung nfen, women, over 17, desiring government positions, $130monthly, write for free list of positions now open. J. LEONARD, ffor-mer Civil Service Examiner), 935Equitable Building, Washington,D. C - f4-2t"T-OFARM CONDITIONS ARE GETTING MUCH. BETTERActing Director Davis, of theWar Finance Corporation in, a statement noted "marked improvementin the condition of the agriculturalindustry and a better outlook forbusiness generally? on the basis ofApril -1 reports from corporationagencies.s ""Livestock producers and farmersgenerally," the statement said, "arereported much more "confident Tiecause of improved market conditions. "Bank deposits have increase'd inmany agricultural communities and'the country banks are generally ina stronger position than they- haveJbeen for a long" timeT Best of allconfidence is returning and with it-the ' trentf - business is '"toward aDel Monte Brussel Sprouts;No. 2, can"Valley Favorite Green BeansNo 3 can ,.Stokeley Hand-packed Tomatoes;Ttfo 3 can. .XJheriton Green Lima Beans;- Nou,2 canDel Monte, PimentoesCampbell's Pork and-"BeansTDomino 'Golden Svrup; No. 10,47c; No. 5, 24c; No. 2, S l-3c;No. 1 -t-Mansfield Evaporated Milk;"' large 9c; small..Borden's Eagle BrandMilk -" . -;Libby's Mustard; j"8-oz. jar T. .iJBirsch's Pure Tomato Catsup;large 25c; small . .. .'Leafe Perrin's WorcestershireSauce; large 51c; small.Premier Salad Dressing;.large 41c; smallPaul's Pure Fruit Jams, 16-ozGlass Jar t ,Blackberxy, Loganberry,Peach and 'Apricot . . . . , . .Strawberry, Raspberryand Red Cherry.t .39c47c33c19c22c34c19c17c19c18c10c71c4ic20c10cf3c31c18c27c33cBeechnut Peanut Butter; large25c; med. 17c; smallVon Allmen's Home-made jelly;assorted ; 8 oz . . . .Star Lobster; large 83c; -medium43c; smallMcMenamin's Crab Meatlarge 85c; smallWhite Star White Meat Tuna Fish;large 39c;-med. 21c; small.. .White Star Sardines; in tomatosauce; No. 1 oval canArgo Red Salmon;No. 1 tall canPrelate Pink Salmon;No. ltall can..-.'Miss LollShrimp . .PalmoliveSoapKirk's Jap RoseToilet Soap 'P. & G. White NaphthaSoapSunbriteCleanserAbsorine WallpaperCleaner Shinola'Shoe " tPolish . . .. " ,C:SearchlightMatches. . . . . . . .Domino Pure 'Cane GranulatedSugar; in cartons or muslin.bags; lb sPure Hog Lard;pound .- -Brookfield Fresh CreameryBulter, lbStrictly Fresh Eggs; in' cartons; -dozen". ......11c11c23c48c14ir14c34c122c175cfa10c6c5c11c7c5cP14cV22csWe Don't Meet Prices-i - i i -We Make Themrestoration of mprj iwirmal ' conditions all alonrjtlr Jine f - aAhd:sbmetime a ' Wajifl afcoauer-yative because he la too laay'to beItPIGGLY WIGGLY-Wlb..-bfl":IK-; ,17'li4-s?V- 1rSr -?V:h-smTII 'ajtain tUm,. -i "".ilt m fir "!. flfc. it, .. 7tTi-i i .i.t .i i . . . .. -j- j !-L...iv-...iavXV.&?..-r -r-. - - ,..r$s rv?vr. --tVv7T".'n :;ri.'- -A&."-fife."-'? Vr.FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1922?PAGB FOUR.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYssRELIGIOUSA Retime, of Events In ReligiousCircles Eor Present andFutureThe Maysville District Conference of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch, South, will beheld at theParis Methodist church, Thursdayand Friday of next week. The opening session will be held "Wednesdayevening at 7:30 o'clock, with Rev.H. C. Morrison, of Wiimore, preaching. -There are about seventy -churchesin the district, all of which will beexpected to have delegates in attendance upon this conference. Alljsessions -will be presided over brRev. P. B. Jones, Paris, who is thePresiding Elder of this district.Every phase of the church workwill be presented Sunday Schools,Epworth Leagues, Woman's Missionary Societies, Schools, Colleges, etcdially invited to attend this ser-vice. Bible School will meet promptrly at 9:30., Do not forget theYoung Men's .class. This is a verysinteresting class and you will enjoyattending. "Christian Endeavor willmeet at 6 p. m. The subject will be"The Master's Invitation." MissLouise Keal will be the leader.The Mission Band, will have a saleof edibles at the office of the ParisTtealty Co., Saturday, April 15.There will be" no church seryicesat "the Christian church Sundaynight.Mr. Frederick A. Wallis wiilspeak at the Presbyterian churchSunday night. His subject will be'Immigration and Americanization."Mr. Wallis is one of the best knownmen of the East. As Commissionerof Immigration at Ellis Island hedid an outstanding work whichmarked him in the eyes of the wholenation as a man of heart to feel,and as a man of action to relieve.Mr. Wallis has for years been prom-The official program for the confer-' inent in the financial, social and reence will be printed in next issue HSious Iife of New York City. Heof THE BOURBON NEWS I is an Elder in the Flfth AvenueThe regular monthly meeting. ruyuuiau uuuicu, aim uuv ul cueof the .Woman's Missionary Societyactive leaders in the work of thatof the Christian r.hnrh will he held magnificent church. The people ofthis afternoon in the church parlors. M?" wfm BJruul"kit Tua. t.ov ..., m of hearing Mr. Wsa high privilegeMrs. Robert Frank's group will """"? " ""s on mis suu-jcul, iu wuiuu ue fjuuga auuu. au iu-have charge of the program. Theexecutive meeting will be held attwo o'clock, and the regular meeting at 2:30 o'clock.Thos. B. Talbott, Superintendent of Home Missions and SundaySchool Missionary of the Synod ofKentucky Southern Presbyteriansympathy, and such a . statesman'ssympathy, and such a statement'sviewpoint. The service will be at7:30, andthe public is cordially invited to attend.The parents of the church whovifrsh to have their children baptiz-I ed are Invited to bring them at theisimpressive service, rne yearly reports will "be read before the congregation before they are pent tothe Presbytery' of EbenezeV ApxtWool 'Pho rnnAKfr. -P. V. ?tjust ended are splendid, and everymember of the church should hearand rejoice in them. Hours of service: Sunday School 9: 30 a. m.;preaching 10:55 a. a. and 7:30 p.m. Everybody welcome.WELL-KNOWN COLOREDPLE DEADPE0-Church, delivered an nflA-raca of ViqPresbytery at Greenville, South Car-!mornin? -hour .for !s sacre? andolma, Wednesday night. On nextSunday morning and evening he willspeak at the First and Second Presbyterian churches of Charlotte,North Carolina, on "Mountain WorkIn Kentucky." Monday he willspeak in Atlanta, Ga.A revival meeting being conducted at the Paris colored Christian church by the pastor, Rev.Stafford Campbell, closed with 108additions to the congregation, eighty-sevenof whom were baptized.The Young Peoples' MissionarySociety of the Methodist church will!meet at the hOffie of Mrs. CharlesP. Mann on next Monday evening,April 10, at 7:15 o'clock. This willbe an important meeting. A full attendance of the membershipurged, :-The attendance at the Hutch'.son Chapel Sunday " " . --.hp Mtri. i. oenoGl reached1Z -eu" water mark test Sunday,fiiimkering 6Gbut b! 'a membershipot &. At the mbrning servica sixtook membership with the congregation by letter. The pastor, Rev.W. M. Xyilliams, predicts a muchlarger attendance for the comingSunday.- V- T'-- ",..-,' . A. -"toVv-v,-&u: x? 'j y-;&r-4st. ."-j a.r r;'-.'.:,"k-a rA TIMELY AND MOST ASTOUNDING- " f xt'7 A C v I ." Tb t "B . jf 1 W A I 1. 1ii!jv orriyV.iiEPISCOPAL, QHURCHSt. Peter's Church, Walter S.Cain, Rector. There will be a Lenten service Friday at 4 p. m.Palm Sunday, Holy Communionand sermon, at 10:45 a. m. A cordial invitation is extended ' to allto come and worship with us."Aunt Jane" Small, aged seventy,formerly of Paris, died at North Middletown after a long illness, due tothe infirmities of age. She was thewidow of Charlie Small, for 7nany?TS I fSri.thfUl fioyff of he lateJohn T. P ' -Wash January, a well-knownParis colored man, died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, after a short illness, due to bloodpoisoning. The funeral was heldTuesday afternoon at the coloredChristianjihurch, on Seventh street,with services conducted by Revs.Stafford Campbell and R. E. HathA LUCKY PURCHASE PERMITS UNUSUALOFFERINGS OF DRESSES AT $29.50 ANDUP. THE FACT THAT THEY ARE BETTYWALES IS DESCRIPTION ENUF. YOUSHOULD SEE THEM."THE PRIDE OF PARIS"CHRISTIAN CHURCHThere will be the usual morning service at the Christian churchSunday morning. Mr. J. S. Hilton,'of the Children's Home, Louisville,will occupy' the pulpit. You are corA REAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWe are looking for live, wideawake men and women, to handlecity trade for the genuine and original J. R. Watkins Products. Established 1868; nationally knownand nationally advertised. Ourproposition is superior from everyangle we will be glad to tell youwhy. Write to-day for free sampleand exclusive territory. First come,first served.J. R. WATKINS CO.,Dept. 75, Memphis, Term. ,THE ECONOMY STORE-N O W OPE NI have taken Qver the Feld's DepartmentStore, which will in the future be known asThe Economy Store. You may look to thisstore as the place where you will get themost for your money, and soon you 7will!earn that The Economy Store is the onethat you will want to do your shopping in.I have just returned from the market andmerchandise is coming in daily. Come inand look around.The Economy StoreJACK J. COHAN NEXT TO PIGGLY WIGGLYJ i : -: -H -V'V . w& A-,i x '-.-: yjp . 'Jr AAAw ' ' - S JE U '' - v ; 'J- " vmWv' - J ' - f " II c I I II? ,: . . . l M.. x-. . . r lx- :smj&at AJ - ?' ww XkikvA ' I Li Attf 'cv C-l I "-MT?? ' jT3z It J nA."THE PRIDE OP PARIS" . -. J I . : " ffWwFTTMV1 '-"- J& ' DEPARTMENT STORE r Ci II (!-. fXREAL ESTATE DEALSELECTRICAL WORKAnything in the electrical line to-do, large or small job ?Well, tfeen, U 500 over the Cumberland Phone and youcan fet it done by experienced men who do nothing butthif .line of work. We do all. kinds of? house and motorwiring at jfae et prices, and it is guaranteed to pass fire-underwriters' inspection.Complete linei of lighting fixtures, appliances, lampsand wiring supplies. We also carry in stockWIRELESS SETSwhich get music from Pittsburg, New York, Cincinnati andother places. , Wecarry all -parts.f or these, too. Come inlook them over.IBiui Grass Electric Co.4 .Minpnr &j&g&: mMH&KmmMtwrthRaymond Connell, as trustee inbankruptcy for John Trabue, Bourbon county farmer, sold to Clarence Lebus, of Cynthiana, bis lifeinterest in a tract of 25.29 acres ofland located near Ruddles Mills at$18 an acre. He also soltf a feesimple title to a 'tract of five acresat ,$271 an acre, and a fee simpletitle to 32.20 acres at $200 an acre.W. H. Whaley sold lots' Nos. 42H43 and 69 in White Addition, toAlex T. Rice, for a price not madepublic.The Paris Realty Company soldat public auction, a farm of aboutfour acres, located on the Young'sMills pike, to W. A. Thomason, ofnear North Middletown, for $605.The sale was conducted by Auctioneer Bryan Williams.Edward Paries has let the contract for building a modern frame'Sbttage on his lot in White addition to Contractor E. T. Sheelef.Work has .been started on thestructure. Mr-. Sheeler also has acontract for building a nice homefor Bruce McMahan, in Millersburg.The heirs of the late George B.Minter are making extensive im-vprovements in the old family homeon South Main'' street. The work isbeing done under supervision ofHarry Minter, of Lexington.George Erion has secured the contract for building a modern brickbungalow for M. E. McCurdy on hislot on Pleasant street, near theGovernment "building. Ground hasbeen broken for the work. Mr. andMrs.; McCurdy ivill occupy .the homewhen completed. r -Master Commissioner,. -Hanson Peterson, of Cjrnthiana, sold .Monday-rthe "forty-one acre 'tract -beloninrto Mrs. Mary E. Wilson; locatednear Paris, to Robert -:CrombMttsft - - JV-.--C Fmri.Tuesday's issue stated" that the 165acre farm belonging to the Burgessheirs, near Hutchison, had- been,leased. It should have read "65acres." The farm was rented publicly to Wm. Craycraft, of nearParis, for $700 a year, by Auctioneer M. F. Kenney.Foley Marrs, of "Bourbon county,bought Tuesday of Mrs. Anna Morton her ninety-acre farm, locatedseven miles from Lexington, on theRichmond pike. The farm is wellimproved. Mr. Marrs bought theplace as a home, and will move therewith his family the last of thisweek. ' The, sale was made by X). R.Messick, Lexington realtor.The soft drink privileges for theParis ball park were sold Mondayat public auction, John M. Stuartreceiving the concession for $200.Mr. Stuart will have a competentcorps of assistants in- his enterpriseand no one need remain thirstyduring the games.i JTDL-CLIPAIRHEBE'S CHANCE FOR GETTINGDESIRABLE PARIS HOMEDo not fail to attend sale of Letton residence, corner Main andTwelfth streets, Paris, Kentucky,on Saturday, April 15, 1922, at 3P. m. (it)COUNTYTEACHERS'TIONASSOCIA-N Big Worth While Specials forFRIDAY AND SATURDAYReal Underpriced Merchandise, and no reason why you shouldnot get your share. VRegular $1.25 Alarm Clocks, each 76c; regular $1.49Alarm Clocks, dust-proof, 98c; good quality table knives and forks,wood handles, 98c set-; extra heavy dust pans, 10c; comb and.brush cases, 20c; crystal glass-covered 'candy jars, 87c; Rex. wallpaper cleaner, 10c a can; house broom, 4 sewed, each -25c; "colonial' glass tumblers, a set 25c; No. 3 largest size galvanized washtubs, each 69c; brass King wash boards, 49c; big bargain inpaint brushes, all sizes, 10c; gas mantels, 3 for 25c; the 25c quality, 3 for 50c; extra special in first quality and extra heavy graygranite ware, your choice of the following at 57c each: Oval foottubs, 14 qt. and VI qt. dish pans, extra "deep sink dish pans, 12-qt. size preserving kettles, 8 qt. convex covered, kettles, 10' qt.' size (seamless) water pails.SATURDAY-Two-hour wall paper sale, from 1 p. m. to 3 p. m.; 12 rollswall and border, and 8 rolls ceiling, all for one dollar; withoutceiling, only 48c. A beautiful line oL" high-grade tapestry papersat reducedLprices. SS&b'lLljSllittli&llBIHTHE!Jr1 McmJL JrParis, for $282 in acr. XfewDuesto a misunderstanding intheThe next regular meeting of theBourbon County Teachers' Association will be held at ten o'clock this(Friday) morning, at the ClintonviMe school Tiouse. At noon, luncneon will be serve'd by the Clintonville 3?arent-Teachers' Association.The public is cordially invited to attend the meeting.'-if- o 'vTanc oofr'fect aUmich i&sefri. ' ..- .i. .ntrjea, .and-refers, r$ngthn lhttoresUXviWtti& it ttct qa.-. f-t ArT vi rti -. - - . i- r 'r -':--' rtj anTiutmipjji .or$tflCANDY FOR EASTERIN ATTRACTIVE BOXES-i vJji-iAN APPROPRIATE GIET4? Iri:sr: "4 n i'X.ifpen? a --vpigz aiQT.. viyssssfaasaammAr: ; , S.JJ. ...- .. . . . . .. : . . - i .' - .. -- ,j. .t '.S ;--vi--;jkuV;V "IT- ' '--3cikIjk" Sk -" -i cr-. iv-" vi iSw2i..-'"tFRIDAY, APRIL, 71922...HE: BOURBON. NEWS, -PAIjBS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIYE ?--r w.-? -''-J2. "- r " T,PERSONALS"FADS AND FANCIES OF 1922"SCOBES BIG HITji -yr 4rmt;"GIFTS THAT LAST"MISSION BAND TO GIVE EASTEEjPAETYThe Mission Band ofthe Chris-,tian church will have an Easterparty in the church yard Saturday,April 8, 2:30 p. m. Tfie Easter envelopes will be opened at this time.GBEEN VEGETABLESGreen beans; tomatoes; betse;cauliflower; new potatoes; greenpeppers; onions; sweet potatoes;celery; head lettuce, and new cabbage. C. P. COOK & -CO.ETJUEED BY COWAssistant Postmaster Wm. Cooperwas injured about the mouth andface when a cow he wTas milkingkicked him. His lips were severelycut by the cow's hoof, causing a serious injury. The force of the kickdrove two teeth through Mr. Cooper's lips. He was given medical aidand is doing very well.- PGS KELL SHEEPFive ewes and seven lambs werekilled outright, and a dozen othersseverely wounded Tuesday nightwhen marauding dogs raided aflock of sheep on the farm of Wm.Clark, on the Hume and Bedfordpike, near Paris. The dogs, weretrailed some distance, but were notfound. - -Dogs raided a flock of sheep onthe farm of Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr,near Paris, Tuesday night, killingnine lambs and one ewe. A numberof others were badly mangled anddied in a short time after beingfound. ,.-, iANEXCITING TIMEEAIB. STOBEAT TH!A man named JoneS rushed intoour store the other day terribly worried and said "he was in a heck of afix." He'd been trying to have hisdining room repapered for the. lastfive years, but his wife wouldn't lethim. "An' now," he gasped, "she'sgone to the country for five daysrest. Can you help me?"Can we help you? Why, man,we'll paper the whole house for youin that time and we did, but tryus yourself and see.(It) " THE FAIR STORE.PEBTHIZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CABlOlAD SWIFT'S HIGH GRADE BEDSTEEB BRAND FEBTHJZEB FOBTOBACCO. PBICE LOWEST INSEVEBAL YEABS. IT PAYSUSE ITBRENT &. COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)TOD. A. B. MEETINGThe regular meeting ofJohnson Chapter, D. A. R.,held at the home of theMrs. Cassius M. Clay, atsne," near Paris, to-morrowJemimawill beRegent,noon, at two o'clock. The programfor the meeting is in anticipation ofrn outing which has been plannedfor the early summer, and includeshistoric Danville, Shakertown andHarrodsburg. A number of important business matters are to be acted"ipon, and a full attendance is desired. Members are requested tonotify the hostess of their intentionfo be present. Papers will be read'v Mrs. John A. Bower, on "HistoricUanville," and Mrs. Watson W.Judy, on "Shakertown and Harrods'.urs:." ATTENTION, MEMBEBS OP AMEBICAN LEGION!The regular meeting of the Ameri'n Legion will be held in theJaunty Court room at the court- ou?e, Friday night, April 7, at''30 p. m. Several very importantr" fters will come up at this meeting and a full attendance of theMembers is hoped for.THEO. S. SMYLIE, Commander.BOURBON FISCAL COUBTThe April term of Bourbon Fiscalourt convened in the County Courtroom yesterday. The term .was a.iort one, the amount of business-png small. jU(3ge Batterton presided, with a full board of magistrates present 'The report of- the County RoadCommissioners was read and accept-ru- a largenumber of claims" ". tut;count. v wpm nTlnwPflanJ j. , rfru uuerea paid. County TreasurerW. Mitchell was authorized to .urrow the sum of $10,000. Theourt ordered an advalorum taxlevied on all property subject to tax-ation within the county of Bourbon,as asssessed for State purpose?, forthe year 1922 for county purposes,as follows: Court house bonds andinterest, .02c; turnpikes and bridges, .25c; general purposes,, .23c;poll tax, $1.25.The members of the Fiscal Qout'will be guests of County XkttnbaryiKptr Joe Godman oa Friday April21 "for the-fl&nusi ?; . . . iJ3Comings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDon.Mrs. Ida Ray, of Paris, wasvisitor m Carlisle this week.Mr. and Mrs. Hord W. Mannhave taken an apertment ' in the(Robneel flat.I. W. Bush, Paris representative of the Lexington Herald, hasreturned from a business ' visit inTennessee.W. M. Mathers, of Carlisle, was aguest Tuesday of his son, Dr. HarryE. Mathers, and Mrs. Mathers, onSecond street.Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ andJos. -W. Davis, Sr., 'are at MiwogcoMineral Springs Sanitorium, nearMilan, Indiana. .. .Will Wilson, of Lebanon Ohi&is visiting his brother, Charles D:Wilson, and other relatives in thiscity and county.Capt. Robt. Harbeson and DanDrenhan, transplanted Flemingites,paid their usual weekly visits to relatives in Flemingsburg.Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodfordwill return to-morrow from an extended visi.t with friends in Eustis'and other points in Florida.Mrs. Percy Thompsoh, of Philadelphia, is visiting her sister, Mrs.Withers Davis, and Mrs. Davis, at'their home on Pleasant street.Mrs. Sophia Ewalt Kiser has returned to the K. W. C, at Danville,after a visit tp her mother, Mrs.John H. Ewalt, in this city.Mrs. Claude Vimont has returned to her home in Millersburgfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Margaret Smith, in Flemingsburg.Joseph Guilfoyle, formerly ofParis, now of Dayton, is visiting hissister, Mrs. Julia Jordan, who hasbeen (fcuite ill for the pa$t threemonthsit MiV and Vlrs. John Clark willmoVe. fTbrfi Lexington to reside, Mr.Olar'k havins: accented a nositionwith the Bourbon County RoadCommission.Miss Nell Hunt will arrive tomorrow to spend the Easter holidays with Miss Lavalette Ranson, atthe home of Mr. ,nd Mrs. C. N.Fithian, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Carrie Hardy and daughter, Miss Louise Hardy, have returned to their home in Mt. Sterling, after a visit to the former'ssister, Mrs. W. C Wilkerson.Mrs. John S. Sweeney has returned from Georgetown, where sheattended the funeral and burial ofher relative, Mrs. Amanda Shackleford. Mrs. Durand Whipple and twosons left yesterday for their homein Little Rock, Ark.y, after a visitof several months at the home ofMr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, onStoner Avenue.D. B. Smart, of Paris, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where he underwent a successful operation recently. He was reported as gettingalong very nicely.Ewell Renaker has returned toWinchester after an extended visitto Paris friends. Mr. Renaker unblushingly confesses to a strongliking for the good old town ofParis and likes to come here.Miss Hettie Whaley has gone toCleveland where she will enter Dr.George Crile's clinic for treatment.Miss Whaley was accompanied byher sister, Mrs.-' Hoffman Wood, ofMt. Sterling, and her brother, R.L. Whaley, of Lexington.A large number of Bourboncounty music-lovers attended theFreida Hempel concert given at theWoodland Park Auditorium, in Lexington, Tuesday night, under theauspices of the Lexington College ofMusic.Miss Virginia -Bramblette andHerman Cheatham, both of Carlisle, assisted the orchestra in themusical part of the "Fads and Fancies" program at the Paris OperaHouse Wednesday night and lastnight.The regular meeting of theBourbon County Woman's Club forthe year was held in the Clubrooms Wednesday afternoon. Aninteresting program was presented,and business of importance transacted, including the selection of twodepartment chairmen.The regular meeting of theBourbon County Health and Welfare League was held yesterday afternoon at the home of Mrs. JamesJVIcClure, on Vine street, at threeo'clock. One of the "features wasthe reading of the report of Mrs.Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse, forthe year's activities.Mr. and Mrs. Omar Mers gavea birthday dinner ait their home onEast Eighth street, in honor of thelatter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.A. Buchanan, whose respectiveages were forty-nine and fifty-twoon that d ay. A An old-fashionedKentuckv dinner was served, and aI. . . . -large cake, containing pink andwhite candles, was cut.Winchester Sun: "Mr. and Mrs.Jack Cohan; of Paris, were the guestsof honor Sunday at a dinner partygiven by Mr. Cohan's parehts, Mr.and Mrs. Harry Cohan, at their homeon.- Buckner ' street. Covers werelaid for the following: Mr. andMrs. .Jack- J. Cohan, of Paris, Mr.and Mrs. David Feld and son, Sol, ofPariaj Mr. M. Jreld, cf JiMCheater,Mraad JrV . XJolMnof 'ffff'qjfrqtw- rcWiAtful- wurat" ' diniw?in11waa aerr.-vi. -a-If any of the immortal Shakespeare's descendants had happened tobe in Paris, Ky., Wednesday nightand -last night, hey would have,given their thorough approval to theutterance of that -celebrated dramatist, when he hade one of his characters say, "A hit, a palpable hit."For that is the expression that bestfits the American Legion production,"Fads and Fancies of 1922," a production that won instant approvalfrom the big audiences attendingboth performances.Crowded houses greeted the curtain's rise at each performance, andyesterday the house was "sold out"for last night's performance. Spaceis too limited this issue for an adequate presentation of the merits ofthe principals in the cast, and forreach,. individual taking part in thejpradiiction, but suffice it to say thatit was one of the cleverest conceivedand executed revues of the kindgiven by home talent in this city formany years. It was clean andwholesome, full of good situations,and all in-all, reflected great crediton producer, promotor, principalsand all engaged in it. "Fads andFancies of-4,922" will be remembered here for its many good points.It is worthy of remembrance.oSADDLE HOBSE WANTEDA five-gaited, well-bred, high-classsaddle horse, three to five years old,that does all gaiis properly. Mustbe 15-3 of 16 hands, and must haveplenty of spirit; plenty of shoulder,knee and hock action; good withers,back and rump, long neck, smallhead, sound and well broke. Writegiving description and price to R.E. STEVENS, care THE BOURBONNEWS, " ' . . 'TV-ri,-r. .nr-njjJhl&JUJiLiihHOME ATPUBLICSALE APRIL 15.Desirable home with all modernconveniences at Commissioner's sale,on Saturday, April 15, 1922,at 3 p.m., corner Twelfth and Main streets,Paris, Kentucky. (It)FRESH FISHWe have both frying and bakingsize salmon.C. P. COOK & CO.oJEWISH PEOPLE WILL OBSERVEPASSOVER WEDNESDAY 'The Feast of Unleavened Bread,otherwise known as Passover, begins this year on Wednesday, April12, and will be observed by all Jewish people for a period of seven oreight days, according to their interpretation of the Biblical injunctionin Exodus 23:14.During the Passover week allJewish families abstainfrom eatingleaven in any form and in its steaduse the Matzoth, concluding the festival on April nineteenth.The first and last days are days ofholy convocation. That is, servicesare held on these days in the synagogues. The evening of the firstday of Passover is particularly important. ATTEND THE SALE OF LETTONHOME, APEIL 15.The desirable residence owned byMrs. Lucy F. Letton, corner of Mainand Twelfth street, Paris, Kentucky,at Commissioner's sale, on April 15,1922, it 3 p. m. (It)Administrator's v NoticeAll persons having claims againstthe estate of "Washington January,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly, proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesIndebted to the estate of the, saidWashington January, deceased, arehereby notified to call upon the undersigned' Administrator, and makefull and complete settlement ofsuch indebtedness. "AYELETTE BUCKNER,Adm'r of Washington January.(apr7-3wks) . ,FOR SALEIron .safe; Hall make; 3-ft. 11in. high; 2-ft. 11 in. wide; 2-ft. 5in. long; in perfect condition. CallCumberland phone 118.Clean Up For SpringLet me clean your wall paper soit will look, like new. Climax DryCleaner used only. ,Also experienced help in regularhouse cleaning. Both phones.(7-3t) HARRISON BURRELL.Public AuctionOF MODERN COTTAGEPiveroom modern cottage -at 33Nineteenth street, ,WEDNESDAY, APBIL 4fer2028, :fuWW infofmitloir "3utRIS?tePBAippav -HARR,f .or.;-V - - -. . ? . . .if Trt -fW. -t TiBe Good to Yourselfx--r-Men's Suits$12.50 10 $30.00Hats$2.50T0$5.00Shoes and Oxfords$3.50 TIL $10.00Shirts95c TO $5.00- .aLEWIS WOLLSTEINsOTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetA'-SftivLIVINGIn many designs at most reasonable prices..'- . Let us serve you.hVia?J'7 ? Have You Heard the New Columbia Record Hit -4'"ANGEL, CHILD?"w Buy it now. Columbia Grafonolas are the best Talking Machines.There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machine.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHEHPHONC Xi ;. -fir ' - V Jtf4 Meterr 3,siiTg'r ilfe-f -, -.vilxtAND BUY THAT NEW SUIT, A NEW HAT,SHOES AND OTHER APPAREL THAT YOU HAVEPROMISED YOURSELF YOU WOULD BUY.YOU'LL WANT TO LOOK YOUR BEST ONEASTER DAY (AND THEREAFTER) AND WEARE HERE TO HELP YOU DO THIS. COMEAND SEE US.5.00Better Values in Men'sand Boys' WearI ' piWE ARE SHOWINGROOM SUITESPARIS, KENTUCKY'-,.' f:Boys' SuitsTO12.50Caps For Men and Boys50c TO $3.00Boys7 Waists and Shirts50c TO $1.50Van Huesen Collars50cSizes13 1-2 Cto 18'" - -.SIXTH'&'.':- - -- ?mS?rV6?- Af -t&--aAr-' -r-TjfrF-vEVj'!?-ftUSrfef-' - T J"" !,"hriw)tj-jxv',:l-'".":OHkt . Paraonaia-Ba;- gaga l, p-. , - --: 717 -I- : t 'C'Usit "-l"i. -- c. - 'j." - d'Z-zPi:v a -v- ',?k, v . ' r. ?"-s5rr-i1es?Zz? ' J?-'$ -5 : '&&9F?Z&5mi ZrJ&T: -X -'-$ !-i j-fiL "T.--.."-.. t--ji 'u4Sfc--t,-'g1-ltSjti-r - -a.f P" l-- -" Tf T.7S ,.- 3Jr-J "-'i W-C!LkRti: .- -MSSa-3 i St",iw;;-,L-T"' r; ils-s-- -"-ir.VT - '-v-V1& o-.'-,? -, , , r.- ..- , - .. .w . ' .1 V, . . -,.:-- ' P . - . ,i . :.",. .-..- - . "-is. i . s- .- - jc y.jri r'. . :t . - .. , : - " r- . - '- ' "-"iir - .--t n-in-ow... -t-. - -' s vt ."". - w' -J i i-F t r- -W 4IJ. . T f i T ' ", ' T - --e- C -.- 'a2H a-S'- .r LiT5r. . w-- . -ss r'aF?mJjwe.u4i-t t vr- - - -s vr ;sw6fc. -,. 3 -sk. , . -, . v v '. ' .- .. , , - -rVA . " . rt, o," F?-V.T-.. -,f-'-..-J, -T- --i -Vf f T.l? TnttftfTTAEK -J-.-a.Sr Jl "4 .-sSMBiV--- ,.' rft r -X - -sO T3i6lJCaRhA-JlffiWB-rOTi' - , ?5w:- . WS ' .5 T,T -JfW'- ''' 'J ?- J5r- " . . . " i BR- . . r tf - r - - . VLVr -,r -.-6T T?' J- SAr " -E, ?V-r? tr.1-rtJvr-PAGE SIXTHE5JO-5yfifUfggEBOURBOtf NEWPARiS, KENTUCKIfFRIDAY; APRIL 7, 1922Stomach TroubleOf 30 Years Standing-WasEnded WhenI TookTANLACIt made a new man ofme, declares J. E.Barker, 815 Miller St.,Petersburg, Va. Whensuch remarkable testimony is heard on everyhand therecan no longer be doubt aboutthe merits of this wonderfulmedicine. Get a bottle foday. At all good druggists.Serbian Women Hard Workers.A considerable share of labor onSerbian farms Is performed by Serbianwomen, who also weave the homelymaterial for their clothes. The womenare valued highly for their services,o much so that parents not infrequently are unwilling to see theirdaughters marry. Hence, in "Serbiawives are often older than their husbands. oDo Not Permit Hasty "Meals.Eating slowly should be taught tochildren from their earliest days. Of-'ten during-their school days they get-"Into tXie way of hurrying over theirmeals. This habit may cause much 111-- ness in later life.oFoiled Again.Detective Brandenburg's attentionwas attracted to a blind man on Central avenue Friday afternoon who hethought was watching him. ArkansawThomas Cat.DiiWaddcllsPile RemedyfrwrtSuffai Don't be Operatedfjifciaj. AlbnlwlslyiwriiM Cwm LtolBte wmTmtmimn orb V ot write m.cineJSmWisGroVeKyJHurley bool sells 75,000,000pounds tobacco .Approximately 75,000,000 poundsof the 1921 crop of burley tobaccohas been sold for the 58,000 members of the Burley Tobacco Growers'Co-operative Association, accordingto statements of Robert W. Bingham, of Louisville, who financed themovement whereby the organizationwas formed.The cost of the sale, it is said,was from one-fourth to one-third ofthat of auctioneers alone under theold loose leaf auction system.- The tobacco sold by the association is divided into 52 grades. President Jas. C. Stone worked out thegrading system and then called inLouisville tobacco experts and bankers. The bankers agreed to loan onethird of the value of the variousgrades, this money to be paid to thegrower when he delivered his crop.A total of $4,600,000 was borrowedfrom banks and $1,000,000 fromJudge Bingham. Within thirty daysafter the organization was finallyformed one-half of this sum waspaid back and within forty days thoremainder was paid. The association thus far has not 'had to touchany of the $10,000,000 the warfinance corporation offered to loanit, according to President Stone.It is estimated, according to tobacco men, that under the old auction system the growers paid $2,400,000 a year to the warehouses.Under the new system it is estimated that the warehouse cost will Tiotexceed -$1,200,000 a year, with thegrowers eventually owning thewarehouses.The organization of growers apparently caused a higher price to bepaid for tobacco this year thatwould otherwise have been done,according to officials of the associa-i lJVKSCIENCE AIMINGBLOW AT DEATHFamous English Surgeon PredictsPerpetuakLife and BrainGrafting.NEW DISCOVERIES BY CARRELWhole Kidney Successfully GraftedFrom One Animal Into Anotherof Same Species ArteriesTransplanted.London. "Not only may the brainsof the illustrious be grafted on theliving, but we may also be on the eveof the secret of perpetual life."-This astounding possibility, arisingout of a story told in the Dally Express of Prof. Alexis Carrel's discovery, is revealed by Sir William Arbuthnot Lane, the famous surgeon,who worked with Professor Carrel before the war."Any tissue kept on a microscopicslide, at a suitable temperature, fedwith the right material, and drainedat 'frequent intervals, will grow andlive forever, said Sir William."If this is applied 'hot only to oneor two tissues, but to all the tissuesof a living body, then it follows thatsuch a man wouTd live forever.Food Too Digestible."We pay for civilization by eatingdigestible food. We should in realityeat Indigestible food as the savagedoes. The Hindu lives on corn groundbetween stones and the cake he makeshouses opened on December 15prices offered were twice as highas last year and in some places,where crops were exceptionallygood, three times the price- of the1920 crop.The advance paid to growers bythe association, it is said, indicatesthat'the 190,000,000 pounds pledgedto the association may bring asmuch as five cents a pound more tothe growers in the pool than hasbeen paid to independent growers.iWe Furnish the Call NumbersGive us a list of customers, associates orrepreseptatives in other cities whom you-would like to callregularly, and wewill furnish youwith their telephonenumbers.tion. When the independent ware- Is most Imperfectly roasted. Therefore, he avoids all disease of the Intestine, such as cancer, which is spreading In the civilized world with themost alarming rapidity."Professor Carrel has made astounding discoveries. He successfullygrafted a whole kidney from one animal into another of the same species.He did the same with a leg and othermembers, transplanting arteries andveins at the same time. I have seena black dog with a white leg that hadbeen grafted on. The blood vesselsjoined up during the operation andworked successfully. Professor Carrel tried grafting a kidney on theorganism of a living man, but it became calcareous. These experiments,however, are invaluable because theylead the way.Overrun the Slides."The tissues Professor Carrel is experimenting with are mounted onslides and have to be .kept at the sametemperature as that of the humanbody. They are washed every daywith saline water to dispose of byproducts and they will never die aslong as the treatment is continued.They grow just 'like a fungus, and intime overrun the slide. There Is nosuch thing as death as long as thereIs perfect drainage."Professor Carrel has not yet beenable to unite tissues and keep themgrowing. Until this can be done thesefragments will have no thought, although they may possess feeling."This work gives doctors and scientists a great insight on what Is goingon In the human body. Small tissuesof the brain, the liver, or the heartmay all be 'treated in this. way. Ifthe fragments are fed with thyroid'Juice they will digest the food and,provided all by-products are washedaway, their life is absolutely withoutlimit."ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPm iWe have In stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper and.are absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.( 3 1-f t) THE BOURBON NBW.oMidnight Walks for Health.A famous English physician, anauthority on atmospheric pollution, hasmade the Interesting discovery thatthe hour when the air Is purest ismidnight Impurities in the atmosphere begin to Increase about 6 o'clockin the morning.-.-.1ij; This will enableyou to call them bynumber, using the station to station service,and saving 2olo 75 percent of the cost.Station to station service is ideal for thispurpose, permitting more calls-at no greater' cost. . $Consult the Manager for details of this "plan. - e : .CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYZOO'S YOUNGEST BABYThis Is a ten-weeks-old leopard,born'ln the Lincoln park zoo In Chicago. He is shown in the arms ofKeeper Parker.BRONX HEALTHY FOR BABIESMost Congested District of 'New YorkHas Fewest Deaths ChicagoRate 89.68.New York. The Bronx, reputed to beone of the country's ,most congestedcommunities, has the lowest babydeath rate In the United States, according to figures made public recentlyby the Babies' Welfare federation.Buffalo and Pittsburgh are tied for thehighest rate of- aU, 93.G a thousandbirths.The report shows that of 15,397babies born In the Bronx last year,only 972 died before a year old, a percentage of G3.1 for each thousandbirths. In Greater New York the deathrate was""77.1.Los Angeles has the lowest rate,60.13. Although Chicago and St. Louiswere not Included in the official figures, an unofficial report shows Chicago to have had an infant mortality"rate of 89.68 and St. Louis 01.7.innminimiimiutMttnmiinMnmnmuWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties !Electric W&shingJ Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers; Chafing (Dishes, Electroliers, AilKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are VeryjPractical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEillllllllllMllllltMIMMIMIIIMIMMMIIIIIIIIIIHHOUR GLASS HINT TO SHUT UPFrendh Deputies Have New PlanSilence Tiresome Talkers inthe Chamber.toRUSS PRINCESS IS STOWAWAYNative American Who Wed In EuropeFlees When Reds Kill HerHusband.&IncorporatedMake Vour Farm tbe Center ofthe Cityj MB Distances4re bridged by the HOME TELEPHONE.Not only do its subscribers have instant communicationwith their neighbors, but its- LONG DISTANCE LINEScover the entire State. 26,000 stations in Louisville.USE HOME TELEPONES for all business, both, localand long distance. "",--.' yPr He TelepfcHK 4 l&ttipk to.JfcS-iNew Orleans, La. Princess Tschernitscheo, a native American ancl identified with Kussian royalty under theRomanoff regime, is in New Orleans,having arrived ras a stowaway andstewardess on the steamship Texandrier, which docked here from Antv erp.The princess is being detained atthe Algiers immigration station whilegovernment authorities -are investigating. An examination wijl be held todetermine whether she shall Jbe allowed to remain. In this country without proper passports.In 1909 she is said to have marriedPrince Ivan Tschernitscheo. Her hus-.band, it was said, recently was put todeath 6y Bolshevik!.The princess is said to have walkedmost of the way across Russia and Europe to Antwerp, where she boardedthe Texandrier.' - Fish Deep in Oil Well.Bakersfiejd, Cal. A wildcat oil wellon the Hitchcock ranch south ofPortervllle, at 1,200 feet, has begun toproduce not oil, but fish, accordingto word received here. They were tinyspecimens, apparently from a subterranean stream.1Man Paid Dog Fee, butRefused Wife's Poll TaxLon Staples, of Winsted,Oonn., rebelled at paying hiswife's poll tax, saying thatV be-cause she. was hiswjfejtiftd nobearing: on the case, and that:anyhow cold iot afford. it.yNX0ra lemyinjr weBwra jMitfhoweter, ha paid htadof llcstWParis. Tiresome talkers, "windbags" among the French deputies (andthey are as common in-the chamberas in other parliaments) may soon beawed into conciseness and compactness by the presence at their side of agreat half-hour sand glass.Their fate depends on whether thechamber backs the recommendation ofthe rules committee, whicfr has decidedin favor of limiting speeches to 80 minutes, save" in the case of the authorof a bill or an Interpellator. Withvisible evidence at hand that he isfrittering away time, even the mostconfirmed babbler may be checked.Unfortunately, it Is by no means certain that the chamber will adopt thecommittee's drastic report.SAYS PASTOR TRICKED HERBride of Three Days Says 8he WasBeguiled Into Marriage to Connecticut Minister..Newark, N. J. A bride of threedays, (Julia Mahanna Yonan, twentyone, caused the arrest of Rev. M. SimonYonan, fifty-seven, a Nestorian priest,who said his pastorate was in NewBritain, Conn., charging that he firsttricked her into marriage and thenthreatened to kill her because she refused to live with him.The girl came from Palestine ta yearago. She told the police that Yonant visited at her parents' home here, and,with stories of great wealth and alarge congregation In New Britain, hadInduced her to enter his household'totake charge of the servants."She signed a "contract", at the cityclerk's office, she said, but didn't knowthat it was'a marriage license.KEEP STRICT PASSPORT LAWSCentral European States AreWilling to Improve Travet- Conditions.NotWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN. DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage Supplies(tf)Cars WashedGET READY FORSPRING's Paints and VarnishesPrices atlOld Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOWL Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 ., Home Phone 399Graz, Austria. Central Europeanstates are not. ready to sacrifice thehpassport requirements In the Interestof better business and travel conditions. The passport conference of thesuccession states (of Austria-Hungary)ihoWed only partial success. -.Austria, Hungary 3and Czechoslovakia were the only governments thatagreed to issue two-year passports and-f-to give vises good for a year.Polandobjected to all efforts to simplify the" intricacies that are the despair of Americans.Rumania and Jugo-Slavla agreed tothe proposed reforms with certain reservations. Quadruplets Born.Sharpstown, Del. Quadruplets wereborn to Mrs. Rodney Anderson, wifeof a farmer near here the other day.Two of the children are boys and twoare girjs and all are to 'normal health.Anderson Is now the father of fourboys and two girls, his wife havinggiven birth to twins two years ago.Jrs. Anderson Is one of twins,-hermother having had two pairs of twins.Caribou Return to N. B. -FrerictonNp B.After an; abqnwU -difippared n jLJbawoa earcltyof thfar . fod5er,: aad- wantBerBr to - the .blk Gaapc pfpfaanlkyrzetsT.H UNIVERSAL CARDon They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the" Ford MotorCo., - effective January 16, 1922Chassis ; .:.. $285Runabout 3J19Touring Car ................ 348Truck Chassis 430Coupe 580Sedan 645(F. O. B. DETROIT),?-- -, "'ij"" MW B trritx 7fc," ",' .. Z V&Z - Tf l - 'MOTOR COMPANY"-"vJIfsj1-FRIDAY, APEIL f , lit!- . - r -Tney intur Anyuimf.According to an English visitor !town on his island ftiere Is versfttila. ,TTT 'JWgiWipJiMJMJMMMMMMMMJi"--- .. - Muumyjw CTJVWO rAlOH, JUS,- tJ-- --Mm- MM i -Whan everymairMn 4hisv cbuntrv4Insurance company wuicu win msurthuas ktjod, is earning a livingjragt;the fond mistress ror tnree yeanagainst loss of her pet poodle, againstfailure of her garden to bear the proper amount of fruit or -at least theaverage crop against its theft byboys, and best of all, will Insure thegirl against spinsterhood. If she. doeinot marry- she is assured of a small income for life. If she pays promptlyon her policy for ten years." -T" 1 StOTK JIOAD TOMOSKEMnSometimes it is a man's enemies,rather than his friends, who tell thetruth about him."Fr -!-Wipiti;'s-vrrs. .f-l TJ.MT7TTnTT3t.r.M.:vremn:MiWRfGHTkHAM HCKOLlTri.!.ni!Ctaon tiorjcuring meatvuncama mi roe ceces-fianr inPTerliPnffl YfOTvfcI Bait Cures meat better,witn less worK ana givesdelidousflavor. Wright'sHam Pickle is sold byyour druggisthhmq guarnceea. . ft.fil 111 i'Lm kbi 1Gt&BBBBBB S 7ZHH 5S35madeiby coaW on hi n er nf .iual hickory'smoke. Simplyand easllv appliedvrith cloth or brush.Gives wonderfully delicioui flavordoes away with old smoke housesaves 20 lbs. of meat out of every 100 tbs.A fau-ge$L25 bottle wU smoke a barrel ofiamb guaranteed. &Wrfghi F4 Product '4r GvaNmtmwi'For Sale ByVarden & Son-Druggistslaana wnen every farmer is able 'tomarket his crop at a fair price, then,and not before, is national prosperity arrived.Money In the, government valutsdoes not constitute national prosperity. Ask the out-of-town ateran if it does. If it did then vtheUnited States is the happiest, as itte the richest, land in the world. Itcan 4)e both, -hut that psosibilitydepends not on the -contents p theUnited .States- treasury, but on thecondition of the leaders in ''everyhome in "America. Common individual prosperity and nothing elseis the condition of national prosperity. JThere is one thing, and only onetiling, on which this country hasto fix its attention to produce- thedesired condition. Foreign commerce is the answer althoughwho knocked at your door and asked for work. It is the one, supremebusiness of the United States atthis moment. " j v-The United States to-day has thehighest developed industrial machinery in the world; its factoriesare keyed up to a maximum capacitya& u. lesuu oi tne reverisn war. iThere isa margin of 20 per cent,of this production which the country itself can not consume; a market-mustbe found for it. That 20per cent represents jobs, and is thesymbol of national prosperity. Ifthat market cannot be wiped out byoversease sales then the jobs cannot exist; if commerce can marketthat surplus, the jobs are available. This great problem and its immediate solution is to be focused inthe Ninth Foreign Trade Convention, which will be held in Philadelphia in May. Iits purpose is toget the ear of the whole people tothe importance of the crisis, and toget the benefit of the highest experience at that convention as abasis for a constructive programlooking to the establishment andextension of this country's foreigncommerce. -Perhaps th world haa notgiventhe lazy man the credit he deserveslor the pi ogress that hs been rmadetoward the ideal 'life. .When thelazy -man is considered dispassion-1ately, it is seen that some important inventions are the result of hisdisinclination to work.For example, there is the ridingcultivator," which is said to be theproduct of the ingenuity of a manwho was sure hat his legs werenever intended to drag after ,a handimplement. Not only does the farmer Tide in cultivating now, but hegets much more cultivation done.Tliere is novt much to he said for theman wh'o refuses to do ,any work atall, but the man who is just lazyenough to do his work in the easiest way has been able to -hit uponmany ideas that have added to thesum total, of human efficiency.Many devices that have contributed to save himself from unnecessary physical effort. Many an inventor who has a reputation for industry may have had only a commendable kind of laziness.KGWDOHYFAME8TB ERBANPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916V.CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS'$26,000.00VITALITY !VITALITY !VITALITY!You Must Have It to Keep YourJob, Your Friends, YourHappinessOFFICERSFrank P. Riser, PreeidentS. LWeathers, Vice PreeidentW. TVJ. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Aas't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 19212brighter;EVENINGSwJust HistoryIn7Hie Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright,She erreetei her sfnettfBy Coal Ofl light.And later on,How time does daisHer home was litBy flickering' Gas.Bat the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a bitton"And has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.FOOLISH MANAGEMENTIn a country which leads the worldin-efficient and progressive businessmethods it comes as a shock to realize thaUone of the greatest businesses in the country has pursuedconstantly such a fatuous policy ofmanagement that, apparently, theclients have been served by accidentrather than design; perhaps by themomentum of the business itself;probably because it exercises a monopoly in its particular line.This business to-day has 52,188ibrancli houses throughout the land.No less than 300,000 representativesspread over the United States are onits pay-roll. It operates over morethan 3,0,00,000 square miles of territory. Last year this tremendous business had a cash turnover of 453,491,274, but with a net deficitr according to the audtfed accounts, of$157,517,688.The strikingly peculiar thing isthat at the head of this great business, and unmistakably directing itsactivities, was a man who, untilless than a year ago, when he tookthe job, knew nothing whateverabout this business, and so backthrough the entire history of thisthe stockholders have been dazzled by the immensity of the concern and the vast character of itsoperations and have neglected to insist that its management be intrusted to an expert with some promise of permanent direction Of it.The stockholders are numerous;they number 110,000,000. Theyare the people of the United States,who invested, in nearly 14,000,000,000 of its pertificates o stamps lastyear. The business is the postalservice of the country. The headof it is a political appointee, as areward for party service.Thousands of thoughtless peopleneedlessly let themselves run downJin health. The day comes when, witha terrible shock, they are suddenlybroken in health. For your own sakekeep well. If you feel weak or rundown or do not sleep well or arenervous and have a poor color, don'twait, tin til it is too late. " Gude'sPepto-Mangan taken with yourmeals for a few weeks will restoreyour good health, give you renewedtrength and vitality for your dailywork. The healthy lifeis the happylife do not let it slip -from you.For thirty years Gude's Pepto Mangan has been helping people whowere run down, back to good health.It was made famous bythe medicalprofession. Sold by druggists inboth liquid and tablet form, (adv,OF COUBSE A COMMANOTHING!MEANSThis one has been going therounds for years, but will be new tomany:During an examination in an English school the inspector besran toquestion the pupils on punctuationwhen the mayor, a pompous individual, interrupted with the remark:"It is foolish to bother about commas and such like." The inspectorflushed angrily, and turning to oneof the boys he bade him write onthe blackboard, 'The mayor ofCheesington says the inspector is afool. "Now," he continued, "put acomma after Cheesington and another after inspector." The boy djdso, and -the mayor kept quiet afterthat.oV "H r"-WORK WITH EASE.- -Because Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound Restored My HealthwM . -v DDwlfiiflHIII oMuaSfes-t 'milIlk -..'j-- 'is41lllllll 'A-yHornell. N. Y. "I wu mhrihnlthut there didn't jseem to beany one tiling!I was tired oat alloyer and it was an effort for me to move.I was. irritable andcould not sleeptiightsand had trouble withmy bowels and at myperiods, xl seemeathat nearly everyonearound me knew ofyour medicine andwanted tne to try it,so at last I tnoTcLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound-Tablets and Lydia E. Pinkham'sBlood Medicine and improved every day.I do all my own work now except thewashing and do it with ease. I can accomplish as much in a day now as itwould have taken me a week to do lastwinter and I try to get every one I knowto take your medicine to build them up.-You are welcome to use this letter as atestimonial if you like." Mrs. Chas.Baker. 21 Spencer Ave., Hornell, N.Y.In almost every neighborhood thereare women who know of the value ofLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Comcpound. They know because they havetaken it and have Been helped. Whydon't you give it a trial?Pageants. . t i 4In the pageanT of the arts andsciences the local historian does notfiguie Slightly. He is tolerated only asa pooi i elation of the mighty scholarswho chronicle the deeds of parliamentsand armies, foi it &tjpnis cle.ir thatsince the whole is gii .tei t.u rhepart he who wrifes ot m i ll section cannot be as gieat . ' whort? 2? HaIlons ant c5lS u nis'on Rjan Fox? ' r "aNIMMMmillll IMIHIIUIIIM1 " " " 1. '' r " N" t '6E0BGE R. DAVtos Distinctive ServiceBOTHDay137TELEPHONES .lNIfttim linn iiimilKiiliIB'CShoes RepairedWhile You WaitQuick srvice; thorough workmanship; best materialsused; first class workmen; modern machinery mean;satisfied customers. " We repair shoes while you waitno delay.(tf)CLYDE TYREENext Door to Oberdorftr's Drug StortsWAI mmI-o-United States Stamps.The United States did not issuejtamps until about 1342. The number)f varieties from 1842 to 1900, inclujive, was 1,007, or between 27 and 28i year. From 1901 to 1920, inclusive,194 varieties of United States stampsippearedoKBourbxm Laundry. DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors :West Fifh Street1Telephone No. 4KDY ANYGARMENTOR OLD DRAPERYAM TO SOLVE NATION'S PROB-LEMSTha the American people are athinking people "who give seriousthought to the Nation's problems isdemonstrated by the avalanche ofintelligent answers submitted in the"Topics of the Day" Films BetterBusiness Contest. Every section of thecountry has responded to answer thecontest question, "How - Can Business Be Improved For the Manufacturer, Merchant, Worker and Unem-polyed?"Prize-winning answer No. 1 follows: """Adopt the "Sales Tax or someother tax measure which will doaway with all taxes known as 'wartaxes.' Let capital and labor arriveat some agreement and stop scrapping. Make reformers go to workand earn an honest living. Bringback beer and light wines. Forgetthe war."Submitted by W. J. CaSsiday,Government Printing Office, Washington, D. C.oUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor. your convenience we are nowcarrying a'stock'of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or -a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintleoe.THE BOURBON NEWS,worldThe world would be happier ifpeople were as ready to share theirijoya as their troubles.WHTCHYOURInhaling the fumes of turpentineand white lead often weakens thekidneys. That's one reason why somany painters have bad backs andsick kidneys. Exposure, frequentcolds and chills and -the strain ofclimbing up and down laddershelp to start the trouble.If your back aches, if sharp painsstrike you in the back when stooping, lifting or working; if you haveheadaches, dizziness, rheumaticpains; if the urine is discolored orpassages painful and scanty, tryDoan's Kidney Pills, the remedy sowidely used -and so well recommended by men in the painting trade,Here's 3a Paris testimony:Ed Richardson, painter and decorator, 552 Vine street, says: 'Isuffered severely from my back andit put me past going. I am a painter by trade and handling so muchturpentine and inhaling its fumes is'what I blame for the cause of thetrouble. Many a night I was annoyed by the frequent action of mykidneys and would have to get upmany times to pass the secretionsand this greatly disturbed my rest.I had dizzy spells and felt sick allover until I got Doan's Kidney Pillsat Oberdorfer's Drug Store. I usedseveral boxes as directed and theyfixed me up in good shape."Price 60 c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Richardson had. FosterMtlburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)N1MNDD"Diamond Dyess" add years ofwear to worn, faded skirts, waists,coats, stockings, sweaters, coverings,hangings, draperies, everything.Every package contains directionsso simple any woman" can put new,rich, fadeless colors into her ownworn garments or draperies even ifshe has never dyed before. Justbuy Diamond Dyes no other kindthen your material will come outright, because Diamond Dyes areguaranteed not to streak, spot, fade,or run. Tell your druggist whetherthe material you wish to dye is woolor silk, or whether it is linen, cottonor mixed goods. Cadv)PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' PILE OINTMENTFor Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.For sale bj all druggists, mail 50c and $ 1 .00WILLIAMS MG. CO., Praps , Cleveland, OhioFor Sale ByOBEEDOEFEE, THE DEUGGISTABanner. Lyeis'easy to useNo other lye ispacked sosafely and conveniently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfectsso easilyand thoroughly as Banner Lye. Itis not olasTyle lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever known. Use it for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, forsoftening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in half.Makes pure soapand saves money besides. A can ofBanner Lye, 54 pounds of kitchen grease,ten minutes easy work (no boiling or largekettles), and you have 1Q pounds of best hardsoap or 20 gallons $f soft soap.Banner.Ly esso& by your erocer or druggists.Write to us for free booklet. ' Usesof Banner Lve."The Perm Chemical Works Philadelphia U A(27jan-25t-F)P jo: rsSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers "We areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.xThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentuckyim;'AiXX5srWhich Daily Paper?A Question That is Quickly and Readily AnsweredThe Courier-JournalLargest Morning Circulationof Any Kentucky NewspaperEnjoys a 'nation-wide prestige and reputation Jt isessentially a newspaper, intent upon giving. newsjmatterfirst consideration.Maintains its own news bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of thejAssociated Press.With imoorfcant legislation coming before Congress andthe Kentucky Gpneral Assembly in 1922, the Courier.Journal is the daily newspaper you will need.By special arrangements -we are now able to offerThe Daily Courier-Journal-STANDThe Bourbon NewsBOTH ONE YEAR (ff C CA-' BY MAIL FOR ONLY fJ.jUThis offer applies to renewalsas well as new subscriptions, but only to people living in Kentucky, Tennessee or Indiana. New subscribers may, if desired,start at a later date, and renewals will date from expiration of present ones. " xIf you prefer an evening newspaper, you may sub-'stitute The Louisville Times for The Courier-Journal.Send or bring' your orders to the office of THEBOURBON NEWS.r--.--'Bourbon News Advertisers Get Resultsc Pr,SsrrI. - ?CLEANING OF RUGS AND CARPETSv Remember SWISS cleaning" not only thoroughly cleans and revives the beautiful colorings, but each rug is STERILIZEDRUG AND CARPET DYEINGmy buy new if your -old fashioned figured floor coverings do not maten your color scheme of 'the room? SWISS DYEING will mak-I -your Tug harmonize beauuruuy wnn wan paper auu uuywiw. "' q v .- ,-SWISS ?IE2NEJfcS AND DYERSX -w Q09 c 6TH STREET. LOUISVILLE KYSEND BY EXPRESSs-Lv'6r" JZw --xvi:iwJ1 All,i1i- :tx jiI . -I'x - ;I-- ' Iwl-ssmx.Ik :lrsf . i-,-rtsfr-'":$f-Sifmi'l '""jV .KjK?"- zmwitsiVt"1"Vi6 S - s-ttj- rte,rj );- . -&t&r'-jtzS-syt-.3as Jt&vE, ..- jtT3.T2-w 'tv -au-.s?6-?"f- " .' -. -" " - " 'Ci. T.-,.r- x,sr-r t - --?e rs" -ri c.ir- -v i-ix rJ --v'-ty.- V.. - - .JZ.- v--- Vl $J&-' t-rjri -?- -LJ-'es:t-j "'-vS3?sj.C"-. fcsV " $ wT""JTi- i "TE'r w x .'i-.t. ' - G -. -7?Lf3 -.mlP' z?.SSl ps.is &z& -x:-T5r: l t- -misfc t srir vv jk" -rs?3 .7-tL- ". ia- -zenr ijS" - -r? LT."" "i. 3 fflerJiirtt4';t-' ; r 'izjr -wy-ATHE BOURBON MEWS,' PARIS; KENTUCKYaFRIDAY, APRIL 7, MZPAGE SIGHT?.iULLERSBURGImfcmting Hews Items From Bour-srkt -Oomty! CollegeP-TtTOiA"y. -MifS Marjory Hurst visited rel- - --stiVes in Carlisle this week.Mrs. Chas. Watkins, of Car-"aisle, was a visitor here Wednesday.Miss Frances Dillon, of ' Paris,is 'guest of her aunt, Mrs. AmosStemler. 'Rev. G. W. Nutter will conduct:&rvices at Ruddles Mills gunday"afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. W: D. Young, ofCarlisle, visited Mrs. Atta Youngthis week.Miss Katherine Judy is visiting"her grandmother, Mrs. W.. B.Payne, in Cynthiana.Mrs. J. T. Judy and little son,Norman, are visiting her mother,3rs. "W. B. Payne, in CynthianaMr. R. T. Murry purchased the-frame cottage of .Mrs. Ada Green,'in Paris,. and will move' there in the" ;iiear future.Miss Elizabeth "Miller, who is-taking a business course in Lexington, visited her mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller, Tuesday,z - Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger andlittle daughter, Margaret Lowry, ofParis, are visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. R. L. "Wilson.Frank Fussnecker and son have-moved their meat market from the"Sandusky building to the A. S. Best"building, on Main street. vNews was received here by-friends that Rev. W. W. Morton,who is under treatment at Mayo"Bros.' Hospital, in Rochester, Minn.,is not so well.Dr. G. W. Nutter, pastor of theChristian church, is creating Quitean interest in the Sunday School.v.ast Sunday the attendance was 105-and he hopes by Easter Sunday to"have 150. His aim is to have eachchurch member in the SundaySchool.' . 'The following invitation from"Paris have been received by friendsand relatives here:jt Mrs. Henry T. Judy' s Mrs. William A. ClarkLuncheon BridgeThursday, April the sixth,To meet Miss Margaret Ferguson.Masonic Hall Please Reply.The following from here attended -the .funeral of Mr. Albert Plummer at his home on the Paris pike,"Monday: Dr. C. C. Fisher, Miss Lil, lian Holmes, Col. and Mrs. C. M.Best, Mrs. Joe Plummer, Dr. and'Mrs. A. B. Plummer, Mr. and Mrs.!Earl Plummer, Mrs. Lewis Branmock. The following is the programfor the Twentieth Century Club forApril Sth: Roll Call; Current. Events; "South American Diplomats-in Washington; The Pan-American-ni9n,'! Miss Ball; Current Hispanic Poetry Miss Smith; Thez Story of Machu Picchau Miss McIntyre; Discussion of the Future of"r South America; Leader Mrs. Jas.r Miller; Mrs. Allie Miller, Hostess.HIGH" MILLERSBURG COUNTYSCHOOL NOTESThe faculty attended the meeting of the Bourbon County Teachers'Association, w"hich was held at Clin-tonville, Friday.The Teachers' Study Class,which meets every Thursday afternoon at 3:45 o'clock, is at presentjmaking a survey of the retarded pu-'.-pils in all the grades and Highi- School, ascertaining the cause of? their retardation and seeking, where- it is possible, to bring them up to-their age requirements. The class isusing Strayer and Englehart'stext, "The Classroom Teacher."The Parent-Teacher Associationmet "Tuesday evening with fifty-twopresent. An interesting program-was rendered, consisting of a reading by little Miss Mariam HuntLancaster, solo, "Mother of MyHeart,"" by Dorothy Bonar, 'Thelw&e1faSse&ir by -itfe Thirdand Fourth grades, and -a talk byJEtev. g7W. Nutter on "Co-operationof Parents and Teachers." Shorttalks were tlso made by Rev. W. D.Welbiirn, Messrs. Clark BascomM.E. Pruitt and 0. E. Hurst. Planswere discussed for making theschools a greater help to the community, which resulted in the Association voting unanimously to erecta radio station on the schoolgrounds. Plans are also being madetQ have the annual "Get-TogetherDay" one of Jthe big features ofCommencemerit week, on which dayan old-fashioned basket dinner willbe served. The First Grade won theschool pennant for the month, byhaving the largest number of .visitors present.The student body will taketheir spring vacation next ' week,while the entire faculty attends theKentucky Educational' Association!which meets in Louisville, April11-14.The commencement exercises ofMillersburg County High School willbegin May 14, continuing untilMay 19. A calendar of the week'sevents will appear in these columnslater.The Junior Agricultural Clubwill "meet Monday afternoon, April10, at Caywood Hall.An important feature of Wednesday's Chapel exercises was thepresentation of a sweater to Prof.Jones by the Boys' and Girls' Basket Ball teams in appreciation ofhis services as coach. The presentation speech was made by Prof.Lancaster, who, as a co-worker ofMr. Jones' for a period of some sixor seven yfears, paid a beautifultribute 'to his efficiency as a teacherand sterling worth as a man. Theloud applause tendeied by the student body bespoke the regard theentire school has for this quiet, nuassuming man, who goes in and outamong us. There is a rumor thatthe farm is calling Mr. Jones, butwe trust that a deaf ear will' beturned to the call and that we maybe privileged to have him with usagain next year. 'Wednesday's Chapel exerciseswere conducted by the pupils ofMrs. Frank P. Bedford, teacher ofthe Fifth Grade. A chorus by anumber of little ladies dressed asbuttercups was appreciated by anunusually large audience, while therecitations, songs and little playlet"Better Speech," came in for theirshare of the generous applause.These Chapel programs -by thegrades are -growing very interestingand are looked forward to withpleasure by the pupils (and backupon in like manner by the teachers.) The next Chapel program,April 19, will be rendered by theSixth Grade, who will give "TheOld School at Hickory Holler." Thefollowing were visitors at the Chapel Exercises Wednesday: MesdamesIra Rankin, 0. L. Potts, B. Hill,Strother Banta, S. E. Bruce, Howard Thompson, C. E. Hill, JesseFeeback, M. E. Pruitt, W. D. Welburn, Minnie Rule, Russell Hickman, Tony Zoejlers, Frank Fussenecker, David Cassity, Tom Stone-Mrs. Hickman, Misses Carrie Peed,Edna Clarke. Sue "RntTpr thii-ot,'Bodkin, Messrs. Clark Bascom, JesseFeeback, O. L. Potts, M. E. Pruitt,Rev. W. D. Welburn. The public iscordially invited to these weeklyexercises.--' ..".I. ii 1 1. ! " ' ' -i ' i . . , yJ 2:00 to 5:30 7zOO to 10:30I ' V "2-Features-2INThe natural, refreshing sleep of ahealthy boy is enjoyed by those whotake Tanlac. Roche's Drug Store.(adv)v1Fv' y Wfir$mWirw vmw&i'x&-Health, Happiness and SafetyIn the home served by Delco-Light, bright, safe electriclights replace the dangerous open-flame lamps, which burnlife-giving oxygen from the air.And electric power does the pumping, milking, separating, churning, washing, ironing and sweeping. Homes thathave Delco-Light are brighter, better, healthier and happier.Dependable Delco-Lightis made in 25" styles andsizes a size for everyneed. All models havethe famous four-cycle, aircooled, valve-in-head engine; only one place tooil. XDver 140,000 satisfied users.Easy payments if desired.Write for catalog.PffejL i ?X1MPJSDEPENDABLEDJOHN MERRINGER616 Main St., Paris, Ky.2-Stars-2 TODAY BIG BARGAIN SHOW- 1 -VUR9 I MHVt DIRnt I "A CASE OF BECKY"Would you like a story with a plot stranger than "Trilby" and "Drv Jekyl and Mr. Hyde-" combined Action that thrillswith suspense and power A love story in a dreamy country village A. struggle between two hypnotists for a young girl's soul?- Then don't miss Constance Binney in "A Case of Becky."-Also E. K. LINCOLN in "The Inner Voice"If you want to see a picture without a dull moment in it be. sure and witness this one, for it contains all the ingredientsthat go to make an interesting feature. It has thrills, a good love story and enough action to make you grip your seats andhold your breath.v Positively No Advance in Prices! Adults 27c plus 3c war tax total 30c. Children 18c plus 2c wir tax total 20c.TOMORROW, SATURDAYWilliam DeMilie's Production ofJames M. Barrio's Famous PlayA Paramount Picture."Wlfallvery Woman Knows"With Conrad Nagcl and Lois Wilson.Maude Adams' great stage success. The play that is a delicious joke on the whole male sex but one the men will enjoyas much as the women! A romance that blends in an hour of perfect delight the lure, the pathos, the joy and mystery of theman-woman question trom Eden down to tomorrow's breakfast. yMONDAY, APRIL 10thEARL WILLIAMS in ''The Silver Car"Love, romance, heroism, cowardiceHthrills, excitement, novelties in this splendid Vitagraph production.Also Century Comedy, "The Straphanger," and Pathe ReviewADMISSION-ADULTS-27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cDEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, AThat All Must PayDebtARNOLDGladys Margaret Arnold, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 'J. L. Arnold,died at her home in Cynthiana, afteran illness of a few hours. She wasa half-sister of Miss RebeccaArnold.of Paris, and is survived by her parents, two brothers and one sister.The funeral and interment tookplace in Battle Grove Cemetery, atCynthiana, where services were conducted by Rev. J. E. Moss., CASEMrs. Joe Dan Case, aged fifty, aformer resident of Bourbon county,died recently at her home in Smithville, Mo., after a long illness ofcancer. Mrs. Case was a daughterof the late Wm. Connor, of the CaneRidge vicinity? and was a sister ofMrs. Elsie Honaker, of Paris. Sheis survived by one daughter, Mrs.Ora Collins, of Clay county, Mo., andsix sisters. The funeral and interment took place in Smitlrville.ed a marriage license here Wednesday, and were married by CountyJudge George Batterton, in his private office in the court house.LUCAS PATKERA wedding which came somewhat in the nature of a surprise tothe many Paris friends of the bridegroom was that of Capt, Ben Parker, one of the most uopular L. &N. conductors, and Mrs. Earl Lucas,the latter of Lexington. The ceremony was performed in the study of Hotel Windsor.the Ninth street Baptist church, inCincinnati, Monday evening, thepastor, Rev. Dr. Herget, officiating.They were accompanied to Cincinnati by Mr. and Mrs. Thomas A.McDonald, of Paris, who witnessedthe ceremony. Following the ceremony the bridal party returned toParis, to apartments at No. 509High street.Upon returning to Paris, Mr. andMrs. Parker were received at theTenth street passenger station ofthe Louisville & NashVille by g reception committee of friends, whoplaced them in a gayly decorated automobile, ornamented with streamers, placards, tin cans and otherlove tokens and escorted them to theThere they wereshowered with rice by the childrenof the hotel, and seated at a tabledecorated with flowers, turtle doves,placahds and mottoes, surmounted bya large placard announcing that thetable had been reserved for the"newly-weds."This is the second marriage foreach, Mr. Parker's first wife beinga sister of Mrs. Harry Baldwin, ofParis. He ha.s for over twenty-fiveyears been a conductor on the Louisville & Nashville, and is one of themost likeable men in the railroadbusiness to-day. His bride is an unusually attractive woman. For sometime she has .been head designer atThe Pendleton Shop, in Lexington,and is well-known to hundreds ofParis and Bourbon county people.Both have a host of friends herewho wishes them a large share ofhappiness in the world.GARDNERFollowing an illness of severaldays, resulting from blood? poisoning,Edna C. Gardner, aged: thirteen,died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, at lr30 o'clockyesterday morning.- Miss Gardner was. a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. John W. Gardner, ofHarmon street, and was a youngwoman of remarkably attractivepersonality. Her death was peculiarly sad. Some time ,ago, a sharplead pencil she was carrying in thepocket of her skirt penetrated herthigh, inflicting a painful wounLThe usual remdies were applied, andit was thought Miss Gardner wasimproving. Later blood poison setin. She was removed to the MassieMemorial Hospital. Wednesday anoperation was performedr her legbeing amputated. Her weakenedconstitution could not' withstand theshock, death ensuing. She is survived by her parents and onehrnfhprTThe. funeral will be held at fouro'clock this (Friday) afternoon,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Rev. C. H.Greer, pastor of the Methodistchurch. The pall-bearers will bethe following, members of Mrs. Jas.Grinnell's Sunday School class atthe Methodist church, of which shewas also a member: Frances Taylor,Pearl Longo, Hallie Snapp, AliceFrances Burton, Nancy Henry, EdnaMay Doty; Honorary LucillePayne, Imogene Alexander, LucilleWills, Jessie Gregg, Ina Claypool,Bernice Isgrigg, Nina Hollar.Z-oMATRIMONIALSale and ShowingofA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe DaysGo ByCharles -E. Crummel, .tulrty-four, and Miss Marie Lyttle, twenty-one,' both 3 of Lexington, weregranted a marriage license Tuesdayby County Clerk Pearce Paton.. rHAWKINS WEBB - .James Webb, fifty, and Mrs.Myrtle Hawkins, twenty-fourr widjow,, both" of: Bourbon county, "secur-at Paris' Greatest Economy Store, offering this week OXFORDS AND SLIPPERSin all the newest models, at amazing prices. Compare our shoes and prices witfithose asked at other stores and you will know why the shoe-buying public comesto this store for their shoe wants.Ladies' brand new Spring Oxfords, in tanlace, tan straps ; newest patent straps:rubber heels, a wonder ful value. Onsale at$3.49Ladies' low heel Tan and Black Kid English Oxfords, rubber -heels; values $3.50; CO " Qsale price 'PJEib"1!1Ladies, see these newest Patent and TanOxfords we now offer m. mmat this low price; a big HZ tM VIsaving. Sale price.. drBMisses' and Children's Tan Shoes, $3.00grades: all sizes up to2; salepriceS1.99Men's extra special offering; new SpringShoes and Oxfords, newest Masts andshades; $6.00 grades,on saleatS3.95Men's Elk Work Shoes, Smoke and Tanleather; very durable.On saleatS1.85Come and See the New Walk-OversAH the Newest Spring Styles. Priced Very LowDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign.:JJJ i TL & Jur:'.JT.-& .,id. T7i rfet.Vjtf5-?r-'irr,- "- .&usa'z.- 'uwi .i.j.,.,1. -osvs - li u(tSt" r.a-V-r NW5y pf&jwa' f rr- - i u r r- r y -r"-,-r-v j ptar -, " ' "" -. , 'war y-z-? --t'i - s -t'-x- "-" n'- ? v- &v 2srf4 " -,A .-3i." tdkm&5Cw fr.-&S$?S -9?f'i Jr!aJi1f'3& Vmt Gsnzjp&gk, ' iSr- i, '" .? -