'"jsw "W.jFPk-iBfe tpLjz,.?lis i-sto-"1 'ihSkr' -v- "- wrt " s vMEhJv4 - .31jrfS'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IB THE YEAR.-VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1922.fifeBOURBON NEWSi3 ?3i j2r9BT7Kfes 'iv- -TJ&SHERIFFS EETUEN WITH DESPEEATE PBISONEBSLearning that "Bunch" .Mitchell, anegro indicted on two charges ofgrand larceny, who escaped fromthe Paris jail about a year ago, hadheen seen in the "'vicinity of ClayCity, Sheriff M. Peale Collier, Deputy Sheriff James M. Gibson wentto Clay City Wednesday morning.A short distance from the townthey came upon Mitchell, who hadfound employment there, and placedhim under arrest. He is regardedas a desperate character and toldthe officials he would never haveliave been taken alive if ha hadbeen armed at the time. Returningthrough Winchester the officialsiound Howard Smith, a negro indicted by the recent grand jury ona charge of housebreaking. He wasreleased on bond. . 'On the return trip between Winchester and Paris, Sheriff Collier'smachine collieded with a machine-which was endeavoring to turn in alarm road. Deputy Sheriff Gibsonwes thrown across the seat by thecollision, breaking his nose. Notwithstanding his injury he held onto his prisoners and brought themsafely tox the Paris -jail. None ofthe other occupants of the car wasinjured.AUTO CATCHES FIREThefire department was summoned by telephone Wednesday afternoon, to the vicinity of the FirstNational Bank, where an automobilebelonging to W. S. Haggard was onfire. It was thought someone hadtossed a cigar butt or a "cigaretteend on the top of the machine whichwas in flames when the alarm wassent in. A large portion of the topand back of the machine was burnedbefore the flames were extinguishedwith chemicals by members .of the'fire department. Mr. Haggard hadleft the car parked on the Fourthstreet side of the First National,and it was the supposition thatthat someone in the upper stories ofthe edifice had cerelessly thrown thecigar or cigarette out of the window, landing on topof the machine.The car was sent to a local garage:for repairs.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN. WATERMELONS ON ICEPhone us your order. We have finemelons on ice at all times.C. P. COOK & CO.THE NEWSTRAWHATSIn Balabuntals, Sailors,Baagkoks and LeghornsARE HERE!Our assortment of attractive and becoming StrawHats is a very completeone.Prepare yourself for thelong hot summer days bygetting under one of ournew Straw Hats.WE FIT YOUR FACEAS WELL AS YOURHEAD!Mitchell &Blaknmore1 - -I "ilk Know Bow'SCHOOL NOTESi The commencement exercises ofthe University of Kentucky willr beheld Wednesday morning,, on thelawn ate Patterson Hall. The address to the 1922 Class will be delivered by Dr. Edward E. Slosson,of Washington, D. Cv who will, takeas his subject, "Looking Backwardand Living Forward." The addresswill be followed by the conferring ofdegrees and the announcement ofhonors by; President Frank L. McVey. Among the members' of thegraduating cla'ss are the followingfrom Bourbon county: College ofArts and Science Edna Dee Snapp,Evelyn Baerlo Friedman, Robert Edward Lavin; College of EngineeringLawrence A. Soper, Jr., ChesterClay Young; College of AgricultureFannie. Geneva Heller.Tuesday night the premier eventin a week full of "pleasant- happenings for the school pupils was theconcert .given by the Girls' GleeClub, of the P. H. S., which wasgiven in the P-. H. S. auditorium.The following program was rendered, each participant acquitting herself with credit: "Blue Danube,'1Glee Club; Impromptu, Rachel McClintock; The Summer Wind, Musicof the South, 0 Sole Mio, MarieCollins and Chorus; Aloha Oe, GleeClub; Only a Dream .of Summer,Senior Glee Club; Florain Long,Ellen Scott; Caballero, The Joys ofSpring, Barcarole, Glee Club.Wednesday evening at eighto clock the Juniors entertained inhonor of the members of the SeniorClass of 1922, forty-six in number.Bringing to a close almost a weekof social happenings full of pleasure, and with some share of sorrowover the parting of ways for manyof the pupils, and annual commencement exercises of the Paris HighSchool was held at the Christianchurch at ten o'clock yesterdaymorning. On this occasion thelargest class in the history of theschool, forty-six, were graduatedand received their diplomas entitling them to the privilege of really"commencing" life, outside of thefschool room. The large auditoriumof the church wa filled with acrowd of friends and patrons of theschool, and the sight was a mostinspiring one. Following the processional, the invocation waTs delivered by Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor ofthe Presbyterian church. . Rev. Dr.Benjv J. Bush, of Lexington, delivered the commencement address tothe members of the class, afterwhich presentation of the diplomaswere made to the class by A. B.Hancock, president of the City Boardof Education. After rendition of anumber of musical selections Rev.C. H. Greer, of the Methodist churchpronounced the benedicition, andthe "commencement" of 1922 hadpassed into history.Last night was the annual reunion and banquet of the P. H. S.alumni, an event that always bringswith it a most enjoyable reunionand mingling of the former studentsof the. P. H. S. The banquet wasserved in the Y. M. C. A building bythe ladies of the Bourbon CountyWoman's ClubAt the close of the present sessionof the Paris City School members oft'he faculty will leave for summerwork at the various universities.Prof. F. A. Scott, principal of theHigh School, will take work on hisM. A. degree at Columbia University; Miss Maude Asbury, teacher ofhome economics, will study at Columbia University; Miss IreneEvans, one of the new teachers forthe coming year, will study at theUniversity of Chicago. She is agraduate of the University of Kentucky -.and taught in the StanfordHigh School duiing the past year.Miss Zerelda Noland, teacher ofEnglish, Miss Mary Louise Lillard,Miss Louise Harbold and Miss NellRobbins will go to Columbia University. Every teacher in the ParisCity School will be in some summerschool this summer, either as student or teacher.At the class day exercises ofTransylvania College, held in Morrison Chapel, Wednesday afternoonthe feature was a playlet, "ClassDay Exercises in 1940," written byMiss Elizabeth Clark, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Everett Clark, ofParis. The cast of the play ' wasmade up of Transylvania studentsespecially selected for the purposeThe playlet was Tjoted by the students an unqualified successs.Prof. McHenry Rhodes, of the; University of Kentucky, deliveredthe class address Wednesday morning to 104 "eighth grade graduatesof the Bourbon county schools. Theexercises were held in the auditorium of. the Paris High School. Superintendent of County Schools J. M.McVey presided. The invocationwas pronounced by Prof. R. H. Eellett, of North Middletown. MissEllen Blanding, of Lexington, supervisor of music, led the singing, accompanied by the Paris orchestra.The diplomas were presented byProf. McyeyjI v Sixty-thre members of the Bour'bi coumty, cotor,kh'oojrecivtdDEMOCRATS IN CONFERENCEWm. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg,Chairman of the Bourbpn CountyDemocratic Committee, attended ameeting of representative Democrats, county chairmen and commit-pteemen, held in the Phoenix Hotel,in Lexington, Tuesday afternoon.The meeting was for the purpose oflaying the groundwork for cam-Ipaigns to be waged in every countyor me seventn uongressionai district to obtain a full party registration on July 10 and 11.Nine counties of the District, Fayette, Bourbon, Clark, "Woodford, Lee,Oldham, Owen, Henry and Scott,were represented at the luncheonpreceding the meeting, which reUUKi 1AHJ11. 1 G-mained in session for several hours.ffThe luncheon began at one o'clock.A thorough discussion of the registration law passed by the GeneralAssembly requiring a registrationof all voters whether they live inthe county or cities was participated in by all those attending the conference. Plans were made to wagevigorous campaigns in each countythat the full Democratic vote maybe brought to the polls.Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill, of the Seventh District, presided over the meeting and will bechairman of the campaign for thedistrict. The State Central Democratic committee recently ruledthat in each district where a Democratic Congressman is in office, heshall be chairman of the campaigncommittee and direct the work ofregistration. Mr. Cantrill statedhe will remain in Lexington untilafter the registiation and will assistin the campaign in the severalcounties.. In addition to the Democratic menattending the conference a numberof women leaders participated, including Mrs. J. Campbell Cantrill,Mrs. Cecil Canrrill, Mrs. SolomonVan Meter, Mrs. Samuel M. Wilson,all of Lexington, and Mrs. ChurchBlackburn, of Georgetown; Mrs.Robert Arnold, of Versailles, andMrs. Robt. Crowe, Oldham county.AUTO RUNS OVER CHILDJohn Seaton Lynn, five-year-oldstepson of John Rankin, who conducts a grocery on Eighth street,was run over and badly injured byan automobile- in front of his homeTuesday. The car, according to theauthorities, was vbeing driven byMrs. Edith Pennington, and was occupied by Bert King and a daughter of Mrs. Pennington. The childwas knocked down near the curbing,and both wheels, it was said, passedover his body.The child was rushed to the Massie Memorial Hospital, Avhere it wasfound his arms and legs were badlylacerated,' but no bones were broken.Physicians were unable to saywhther or not the child had received internal injuries.oBATHING SUITS FOR EVERYBODY Every man, woman or child inBourbon county can get the bestthere is inx bathing suits from ourstock.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HORSES STAGS RUNAWAYPlunging at breakneck speed -downEighth street horses attached to oneof the Paris Ice Co.'s delivery wagons made the hazardous trip as faras the Louisville & Nashville ticketoffice without mishap.The horses became frightened atthe corner of Eighth and Walkeravenue and ran .way. Their lineof flight led through a street crowded with vehicular traffic, but no mishap occurred, save slight damagesto the wagon. The flying team narrowly missed striking automobilesand vehicles in their path, but bysheer good luck they missed them.OLD TEP "MAMMY" PASSES"Aunt" Vina Craig, one of thefew remaining oil colored "Mammies" of the South, who are rapidlypassing away, died in Paris, Wednesday afternoon at the age ofninety-two, following a long illnessfrom the infirimities of age.For twenty years she was a faithful servant in the family of the lateRev. John S. Sweeney, and Mrs.Sweeney, of Paris. Children of thefamily she practically raised wereDr. John S. Sweeney, of Chicago,surgeon in the Palmer House, whomarried a sister of Marliyn Miller,the actress; Rev. Wm. S. Sweeney,lof Johnson City, Tenn., and Mrs.George S. Hamilton, of Two Rivers,Wis., each of whom sent floral tributes and messages of. condolence.A weight 490 vtimes its own isjust an average lift for a crab.their diplomat at the Western HighSchool Tuesday night. The class ( jury, will be taken to Georgetownaddress was delivered- by Mrs. J. M. from Lexington; Saturday, to be senNorcum, of Cincinnati. - The diDlo- fenced by Judga Robert L. Stout.ms were nrMntsd bv Sufc .oSchools J. W.,MtV9rBASEBALLCHURCH LEAGUE STANDING' Won Lost PetMethodists 4Christians 3Baptist . . . i . . . . 21234.800.600.400.200Presbyterians'Paris ,has signed up a new pitcher,Parsons, of Cincinnati, who atrivedyesterday to take part in the gameto-morrow, Paris vs. Cynthiana.This is one of the games that waspostponed from one of the "rainydays" scheduled at an earlier date.The Mammoths and the Cynthiana teams will tie nn at TfinfnioI ...ltt ounaay arcernoon. Tne con-tesi win be well worth seeing, asdoth teams are going strong. Rivalry between Paris and Cynthianain the line of outdoor sports has always been at high heat, and bothteams will make an earnest endeavor to fatten their averages andimprove their standing in Sunday'scontest.The next game in the ChurchX,eague will be played this (Friday)afternoon, at 3:30 o'clock, on Hancock Field, between the' Methodistand Presbyterian teams. A goodgame is expected.ROASTERSChicken, Beef and Pork Roasters,full size, Friday and Saturday, only35c., FORD & CO.oNOW EOR VACATION DAYSWith the month of June beginsthe annuaL vacation time. Duringthis month the schools close for theannual vacation and sometimes between now and September most people who work, usually have a vacation from their toils. Even to thosewho can take no regular vacationthe long days that come at thistime of year', offer an opportunity toget out of doors for a few hourseach day.This vacation season is a time thatshould not be wasted. Everyoneyoung or old ,who possibly can,should spend as -much time as possible in the open. Mental and bodily health lequire it. It is nature'smedicine. At this time of year thekpack should be turned against theturmoil and complexities of the routine of everyday life. Forget for atime the littleness of daily existenceby turning to the great truth thetruth of natureTHE NEWS feels that every boyowes it to himself to get out intothe great out of doors as much aspossible this summer. Let the twilight song of the wood thrush takethe place of the jazz orchestra, andlet the ever-changing scenery of- thelake and hill,- take the place of themovies. For the works of natureare true and genuine, while those ofman are counterfeit and false. Getout into the open country and leadthe simple life. It is good for thebody and soul.oICE CREAMDELIVERED AT ALL HOURS,IN ANY PART OP CITY. VPUREAND WHOLESOME. PER GALLON, $1.75; HALF GALLON, $1;aUART 60 CENTS; BRICK, THREECOLORS. 70 CENTS PER QUART.CUMB. PHONE 7; HOME PHONE37.BENEDETTI & CO.(26-tf) NEXT ALAMO.oPICTUREPROGRAM ATAND GRANDALAMOTo day, Friday, June 9 EthelClayton, in "Beyond;" Added Attraction "Sawing a Woman inHalf." showing bow this great stageillusion is done; Pathe News Feature.To-morrow, Saturday, June 10Metro Pictures present Viola Dane,."Life's Darn Funny;" Educational Comedy, "Let Me explain ;Mutt and Jeff Comedy, "Stampede."Monday, June 12 The greatestboy picture ever made, "Peck's BadBoy," starring Jackie Coogan; Added Attraction, -Bebe Peggy, in"Peggy Be Good;" Pathe Review.o-PARIS ATTORNEY SPECIALJUDGE OP SCOTT COURTHon. Emmett M. -Dickspn, ofParis, presided as Special Judge inthe Scott Circuit Court, at Georgetown, Tuesday, in the absence ofJudge Robert L. Stout. The case ofJ. L. Luke against N. M. Burgessover the settlment of a partnershipwas dismissed without prejudice onthe motion of the plaintiff.Henry Banks, colored slayer ofpoliceman W. O. Barkley, who wasgiven the death penalty by a ScottThe dav. .of alectTOCUtiOtt will W'mamrt- fcjthCircuit Jut.-hKNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS "PLANNING POR PICNICThe picnics- given in previous yearsby the Knights, of Columbus, ofParis, having proved to Jbe successesin the way of attendance, enjoymentof those present and financially, ithas been decided to make jt an annual event in the future. Thisyear, as on, last year, the date hasbeen set for the National holiday ofJuly Fourth, and the scene of thefestivities will again be the beautiful woodland of Forrest Letton,4onthe Paris, and Lexington pike, abouttwo miles from Paris.The promotors of this year's affairare trying to eclipse .all previous efforts, andsare arranging for a num-.ber of attractions which have neverbeen seen in Paris before. The eventwill be ushered in by a street paradein the morning, headed by a brassband, in which various local merchants will enter decorated floats.Prizes will be offered for the mostartistic and elaborate- entries. Thegrounds will resemble a mammothcarnival with its numerous amusements, and a program of field eventsis being arranged," in which not onlyParis, but neighboring towns will beinvited to participate. A large dancing pavillion will be erected, and anorchestra will furnish music.The traction company has promised hearty co-operation in providing special cars to be run on a halfhour schedule between Paris and thepicnic grounds. The committee incharge have succeeded in bookingan amusement feature m entirely newto Paris and Central Kentuckytowns, the nature of which will bekept vsecret until the big day. Italone will amply repay one for atrip to the grounds. In -addition aspeaker of nation-wide prominencehas promised to' deliver an address.It will be the one big day of "theyear.RIVER VICTIM NOT KNOWNAccording to Associated Pressdispatches in the daily papers Wednesday the body of a man wasfound floating in the Mississippiriver at Memphis, Tenn., with hisskull crushed. On the body wasfound a note saying: "Please notifyFrank Cox, North Middletown, Ky.He knows that I am in trouble."The note was signed "Frank Wamble." No person by the name ofFrank Cox or Frank Wamble isknown either in Paris or North MidFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS"SPECIALForToday andTwo Days Only. -Wonderful and Unheard oi k-ReductionsOh Our Entire Stock of -tSilk and .Crepe- deChene UnderwearCamisoles, Teddies, Stepins,Gowns and Bloomers -Prices Too Numerous'" to Mention'FRANK&CO,LADIES! OUTFITTERSSUMMER PXAYGROUUDfi, TOOPEN MONDAYThe summer playgrounds will opto the public Monday morning, Ju.12. The following hours will b imforce at all playgrounds:10 to 12 a. m., Kindergarten for -smallerchildren; 2 to & p. m.af-rrternoon recreation open to all ages;7 to 9 p. m., evening communityperiod.The playgrounds will offer recreation and diversion to all children.The supervision will be competemiinstructors under the leadership ofMiss Grace Cruickshank. Locatiom- "of playgrounds and their respectiveleaders will be published later. Nochild who wants to enjoy summervacation should miss the opportunity of attending the playground iwhis section of the city.Many things are planned which,will not be of interest to the children, but will reach the hearts ofall ages and make all children,again. The las", class for Playground Instructors will be held Saturday afternoon at three o'clock.Full attendance is urged.oRECENT STOCK-SALESThe Bourbon Stock Farms Company, of Millersburg, sold to T. T.Bowling, of Laurel county, for theLaurel County Bull Club, two choicered yearling Snorthorn bulls, registered. They are Scotch topped andbred by Oscar M. Johnson, of Millersburg. oPAY YOUR LICENSETHE CITY LICENSES ARE NOWDUE. CALL AT ONCE AT THEPEOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST COMPANY, AND SAVE THEPENALTIES.C. K. THOMAS, O(2-tf) City Collector.oMEETS DEATH BY PALLMrs. John K. Cahal, of Paris, received a message from Mt. Sterlingtelling of the death there of her'nephew, Caleb Moberly, aged fifteen.Young Moberley fell from a cherrytree on the farm of Jos. Henry, nearMt. Sterling, while picking fruit,breaking his neck He is survived byone brother.Greenland was discovered by anIcelander about 876.Saturdayv-tlli MP '- --mnilhiifIHiti"- b i-h-ftHUIiHr-ft:' 5,WrmV.iAin-"""Mi-.-.'?r,k'lIz, iifKtHH-iI',4wmcr -O-1" "Sgrrr-'C,-'4t&-1 a.7-t JTV V " ' - -y;--X t-S, v.v-Js----,c- f-'1kv!fc;-.fit PAGE TW8fIffi BOURBON NEWS1ST - 41 Years of Con-tuuuras Publication "PiitiieiUEYery Tuesday and Fridayte-Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.9WXR-CHAXP, Editor and Owner.atered at the Paris, Kentucky,PMteli &s Mail Matter "of theleeoai Glass.) -. -0U1FOEEIGH EEPBESENTA--TIVES.lew York American Press Asso-Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia--N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCiicinmati Blaine Thompson CoLoiisville Iiowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 periach tor first time; 50 cents per inch-Mch subsequent insertion.Rtading. Notices,, 10 cents per line' -tch issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks,- calls on candi'dates, obituaries and resolutions andiimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-2-mentsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved.to decline any advertisement , orother matter for publication.Announcements for political offices. .must invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon ther character, standing or reputation of.tny person, firm or corporation"which may appear in the columnsoTHE BOURBON NEWS will be-gladly corrected if brought to the'-attention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSThe thief who stole Henry Ford's"flivver while it was parked downJ1 town in Detroit, probably had it all-figured out that Henry could spare-one better than anyone else in the-couiltry.- 'There was a young lady named KentVJTio always said just what shemeant;Polks say she's sincere,And she speaks without fear.o they shunned her by- commonconsent.And now a"scientific feller tells usthat" the common ordinary houseflycarries one hundred and eighty different kinds of bacteria. About' allthe pest needs is pockets, so that it. ''could lug around with it a pistol andbrass knucks.Neither ex-President Woodrow"Wilson nor former Presidential candidates William Jennings Bryan andJames M. Cox can make the issuefor the Democratic party this fall,; as President Harding and his admin-"-.istration have already made 'em.The Hell family is reported toto have broken loose in a Kentuckytown. Mama Hell had Papa Hellarrested for threatening to kill herand the three, children. If pne ofthe children is a girl she ought tojbe named Merry Hell."Some people say Paris is a jay-town. Well, a jay town is one where-the inhabitants take enough inter--eetin you to care whether you livet.or die; sympathizo with you in your--afflictions; rajoice with you in your. good fortune; help, also hinder you,cand know all about what everythingyou own. costs, or worry themselvesick trying to find out.There may be more beautiful-places in the State than Stonerrcreek,' but it would be hard to con--Tince a lover of nature of that fact."It its oorder of green, and with a- typical Kentucky sky and a warm,smiling sun,, over all, it's a glimpsecA. P.aradise, especially to the indoor--'worker who has been bent over a.desk for six days of the week.A writer insists that man could'live twice as long as he usually- does if he would abandon the notion, : that seventy or eighty years is thenormal limit of life. Among otherinteresting instances of longevity herefers to a certain district in Chilejwtiere in a population of --about 40,, 000 there are more than twenty per' ".-sons who have reached the remarkAble age of one" hundred and fifty- -years.'JThese are the lazy days days-when the gardener isn't- worth a-darn and the boss a lot less. (jTheyar"e fishing, baseball, marble playing-dys, and the time of real sport." "They are days when the spring feveradritsyou in the mid-section, and-workt looks like suicide or sudden.dath. And the nights they arero4mnting nights, moonlight,wnnabinv.. loviner ntehts of tentlMHMand sighs and fusses. They are,i;ta that bring on June wed-.stake restless sleep amd run9fr SjMittp i -sWs.--Tesrte ayt7arefine and -jret,UKe?ieNtne nigtts,rfigijirey -SPEacrawsU-WWt f p - , Pje. I IVIl LfW 'IllCs'but as busiaessworth -the proverbial -tinker's d&nwrsetters, -they -aren'tfl j M.fud ffiffoii nf W-1 U. rA writer JNWSunkeBJwmrsMpf M9M rlifilW 0E 1 11 'OUJCt J- & i - -. 1i.M " Ia is ',. -a WTie-tT.nf o ,-f waa Trf not"""' TCMW" ;: '" v"ck -mart -nrmilf? oil Ko wonrincrI the men would all be wearingKnicKeroocKers this summer, rnenthe. girls went aheaa and beat us to'it, and now us men won't dare towear -them.Adam and Eve were fairly human,and so the chances are they didn'tstop to pick-up the old newspapersand lunch boxes and remnants oftheir picnic when they left the Garden of Eden.,A Paris girl says: VOne of thebest things about attending a radioconcert is the fact that you don'thave to get a new dress every timeyou go out to one of the affairs."An exchange says that "high-kneeskirts are on the wane." In viewof the fact thac lexicogrophers areagreed that "wane" mens to growless, maybe bathing suits for streetwear are to be Jha. style. -The codfish lays a million eggs,While the hejpful hen lays onerBut the Codfish does not cackleTo tell what she has done.And so we scorn the .codfish coy,But the codfish does not cackleWhich indicates to thoughtful .mindsIt pays to advertise."The light of a whole life dieswhen love is dead," quoted a Kentucky loveress before killing herone-time lover and trying to killherself. Oh no, it doesn't necessarily follow, as when love dies"all you've got to do is to get a divorce and try your luck again.oA Kentucky newspaper wants toknow why later "writers do not refer to "her" as "'the blushing bride,"as they did in years agone. Well.that's because modern writers tellthe truth, and -if they described heras the "painted bride," some feelings would be wounded.DEMOCRATIC PROSPERITY VS.'REPUBLICAN DISASTERWhen Woodrow Wilson went intooffice as President in 1913, the estimated wealth of the United Stateswas 180,000,000,000; when he retired at the end of eight years itwas $300,000,0000,000, a gain of$215,000,000,000.The present estimated wealth ofthe' United States is $225,000,000,000, showing a decrease of $75,000,OOu.OOO in the fifteen months aRepublican administration has beenin power.x These figures were recently statedby Senator King (Dem., Utah), uponthe floor of the Senate. They are"approximately correct.The greater part of this loss hasbeen sustained by the farmers ofthis country in land values, agricultural products and live stock values,although a part of this loss has fallen upon the very industry and business and upon every form of property values."'All the arguments that can or willbe made by Republican speakers cannot wipe out or materially changethese figures. They are a concreteillustration within the understanding of everybody of what it meansin the way of prosperity to have aDemocratic administration and whatin the day of disaster to have a reactionary Republican administration,and her executive ability it marked.MRS. ST.CLAIR-MOSSDATEA CANDI-Mrs. Woodson Moss, of Columbia,Mo., has announced as a candidateforCongress from her district andthe news is exceedingly interestingto Paris friends. Mrs. Moss was wellknown in Lexington and Paris asMrs. Luella ,Wilcox St. Clair, president of Hamilton College for aboutsix years, and one of the most admired women in Kentucky. She isquite scholarly, graceful and wittyas a public speaker, able as a writerand her executive ability it marked.Before coming to Lexington she waspresident of Christian College at'Columbus Mo., and she left Hamilton College on account of urgentcalls-from Columbia as she" hadcome away from her office thereonly on leave." During the commencement exercises at ChristianCollege on May 31 a telegram wasread from Mrs. St. Clair from thecapital of Missouri telling that shehad filed for Congress.oRECORDS HEART BEATSFrom phonographic records of feeble heart and lung sounds, greatlyamplified, doctocs soon may be ableto diagnose symptoms of diseaseswithout even seeing .their patients;says the Popular Science Monthly.Records may be submitted to medical authorities in distant cities orabroad for -expert study and examination. A Minnesota judge says womenare a disappointment as jurors. "Heprobably hasn't found one who hasan opinion that can not be changed.oA bill admittingwomen to thelrhas been adopted im the BelyiamBematerx.i ,t sr-" " . "''It-! - "? i'THE BOURftGN-: NE WS AMSlKPITJUU&Y:4--nmw "W TwVn rnnrtt haa -, . A -V x.ii-1-iftgan taking maniac ana aiways "fin piay peekaboo In ft porthole... n . - -i -i. l J'i n.l.-. i Mr" A" " C. .r.. - . -; T,nW this m pdinine restorgglth."My friends often say: 'Neversaw you looking better; what areyou doing for joiirself?' and I always tell them: 'Well, I am takingTanlac now," deolared Henry Spencer, 415 East street, Watertown, awell-known and highly respectedcitizen"For more than a year," he said,"I seemed to be run down all over.From 160 pounds I fell off to 135,lost my appetite and my stomachgave me no end of trouble. Thelittle I ate caused me to bloat withgas and I was subject to dull, heavyheadaches. I had no energy and itwas all I could do to get around thehouse. I had dizzy spells when everything would blur before my eyesand I had to cntch myself to keepfrom falling."Well, "now, I have gained 15pounds, feel better in every way andcan work as well as ever, since takihg Tanlac. I relish what I eat,with a fine appetite, and gas, indigestion, headache and dizziness arecompletely gone. Yes, sir, I justcan't say too much for Tanlac."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists. - (adv)o - -LEAVE WORRIES AT OFFICE- "When I leave my office at night,"said a man who has made a reputation for dealing successfully withbig problems, according to the NewSuccess, ""I take no business worries with -me, because I want tocome back in the morning at thetop of my condition, capable of doing the biggest day's work that ispossible for me."It I were to worry over things atnight, if I didn't get recreation andrest, I couldn't do a man's work; sicouldn't tackle big propositions."No man can take his troubles tobed with him and lie awake thinking of them when he should be getting refreshing sleep to re-enfbrcehim to handle hig things the nextday. Buoyancy, enthusiasm, -mentalharmony, are the very essence ofefficiency, of creative ability; andworry destroys all of these so I absolutely refuse to worry in any circumstances. "I won't -waste my energy and my.creative power lying awake nightsworrying over things. I know thatI can deal efficiently with them nextday, and not till then. Now this iswhat all men of large vision andpractical horsesense do. They don'tdrag harassing problems home withthem after the day's work is done;they lock them in their place ofbusiness. Over the door of 'theirhome is written in i mentar characters: "No worrying here. This is my refreshing station, my repair shop.This is where I equip myself for thenext day's run. This is where Irenew my spirit, myenthusiasm, myzest. Here is where I brace upjnysagging ambition and get ready forto-morrow'srun."o 7AGENTS WANTEDMen and women to handle citytrade and retail the original andgenuine Watkins Products, Remedies, Extracts, Spices, JToilet Requisites, Household Specialties, Automobile Accessories, etc. Over 150guaranteed products. 'Our valuesare unparallelled vand WatkinsQuality is in . a class by itself."Write to-day for free sample andfull details of our offer and what itmeans to you.' THE J. B. WATKINS CO.,(9-4t) Dept. 77, Memphis, Tenn.oOldstt English Clock.,The oldest English-made docslaiewn Is in the tower of the palaceat Hampton court, where it was placedin; "1551. It -was, so complete that ilshowed the motions of several of thplanets,, in addition 'to measufius thertime;- -fcr4- -w-Xw Jr.v V TV'BSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSaBBBBBBBBBT.tx.'V'' v- Q SSSSSSSSSSlBSSSSSSSr &2Z.-.' SSBBBBBBBBiKBBBSx v 's av'SSSSSSSSjSSBBBBJr ' , w""v- .. ' g ". -.JvBSSSaSSSSSr :' ai" 'V vSmmmmmiBSSSW4; "''" - x ' " w -&gBBSSJBSSSSSSBVdfcvO- .Ww -u.-Mt .- v- V- .-- .. UBVBSSSSSSSSSlBBBBfiT-i?--y Tft . " S'BSS:BSSSbSsSJkI' a-' sJ,,f' $"v ssslBSSSJKSmk?"''' j- J-. - y ' y s"BSlSSSSSBJSJc: vv .... s SSJHHsssI ;Kfe :' rBSSSSSK-'iMfc".-. r ' ''SsJ ivlssssssssW m" '"z '-'v Kymy$BSSSSSn&& '"&&&&&. ' '' v-v,v TyKk, ? '$g&'4?-' '''' ' ' "' sSSSSSkSbSSSSSk ' ' v -..'' v SBBBBBSBSSSBSflB&r ' vPl ".BSBSsIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBiftH.r 'ag-iIfealpawnlnf places ttfflsh.iter war's alarums, the twallowntht cannon's mouth and thee ironclad. St. iioixii Globe-.PUNTS. FOR SALELate" cabbage and tomato plants,any size you may want, in anyquantity desired, from June 5 -toJuy 15. . Do not buy dead plants.Get them fresh fr,om the beds.x JOE LAVIN,(6-tf) 332 W. Eighth Street.JFOR RENT- Livery stable on Second street, inrear of National Garage. Apply to(2-tf) E. TENN. PHONE ia8.NOTICELawn mowers sharpened 2nd repaired. Scissors and knives ground.We weld and repair .all' metals Incommon use and do general machinerepair work. -SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.(apr21-tf,For Sale oi RejatNine-room, two-story brick house,with all modern -conveniences, atSeventh street and Higgins- avenue;also five-room cottage, on Seventhstreet, adjoining City School; allmodern conveniences.MRS? JAKE ELVOVE,(2-tf) Home Phone 198.NewandUsed FurnitureTrade in your old furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(augl5-tf)EGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O. CR0MBD3.Drink Special BlendCoffee3 pounds" sent postpaid ?1,00.1-lb. Cocoa free.LIBERTY COFFEE, CO.(6 2t) Covington, Ky.PUBLIC SALE-OF-Cattle, Sheep, Corn and FanningImplementsAs surviving partner of W. H.McMillan & Company, I will sell onmy farm on the Hawkins & Cummins pike, seven miles west of Paris,Ky., onSATUEDAY, JUNE 10, 1922,beginning at 10 o'clock, a. m., 59head of 1,100 pound cattle, 300ewes and lambs, 6 Southdown'bucks, I pair horse work mules, Ipair mare work mules, 3 milk cows,150 barrels of old corn in the cribt1 binder, 1 mower, 1 hay "rake, 1roller, 2 riding breaking .blows, 2riding cultivators, cutting harrow,smoothing harrow, harness and other farming implements; two 2 -horsewagons.Terms, made known on day ofW. H.McMmLAN,(6-2t) Paris, Ky.INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p.m.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00. a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.'10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. xn.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 62 trip monthly book.$12.00. Tickets, single- trip, or inQuantities,- date- unlimited, sold between all poimts at reduced rates.xuttucjli TiAcnpir aMm mm m m - w- . vieot-iiJ -" .-i - - v c "-r ;A V I V -I have for saja: alargequantity ofpure country lard, at 15 cents4 perpound. r'MRS. JAMES H. -THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 256-W., R. F. D., No. 8-.(june2 tf )FOR RENTThe restaurant at the corner ofPleasant and Tenth streets, is forrent. For terms, etc., seeTHQMAS A'HEARN.(mayl6-tf) - .rAdministratrix NoticeAll persons having claims agjnstthe estate of James Alfred Kenney,deceased," are requested to presentsame properly -proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administratrix, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said James Alfred kenney, deceased, are hereby notified to call onthe undersigned Administratrix, andmake prompt and full settlement ofsuch indebtedness., MAGGIE WALLER,Admxf James Alfred Kenney, Dec'd.(23-3wks)White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage Supplies(tf) Cars WashedFor Your PorchPotted FernsLovely Swinging Fern BasketsJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Both PhonesU ' 17 TT T7IN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.4IHmilt4'tiaHt'H -We HandleElectricalElectricJWashing Machines, Irons, Toasters7Broilers, 'Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, - AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes! anT Prices. Gas Logs and GratesfThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. WiMAIN STREET!i mhm mult niMii jpiftMJNiili.! JJlilll "L!JJiy grt --r f; aitRIDAY, JtTNfi I, Hit-"i?"HOUSE FOR SALEvC-4l.a?Four large rooms, hall, front and "back porch, pantry and bath room,gas and lights," good cistern, house '"newly painted, in excellent condf--tion. Lot 50x142. TMRS. H. C. BRADLEY; !551 Vine Street.(6-2t) , "& T1 ' 'EXCURSIONCincinnati, 0.,And Return Via$2.00 L. & N. $2.00Further Reduction For Children,Sunday, June 18; 1922Special train will leave Paris 8:20a. m., returning will leave FourthStreet Station, Cincinnati, 6:30 p.m., Central Standard Time, (7:30 p.m., City Time.) For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.june9-3t)Vt4H"Hi - H - l It !!All Kinds ofNovelties,--SPICEROPf. COURT HOtlSEt -: -4-5" JU-H-ftIIlz:rP?8W1535!P3SWC . , c7f ' "-r3&mz&ri: r-5-?ti: . " v -rK -a"Q?- 4 s . -HB.."X,-i L& ' ...r- :-C.-af- S .3?- jfea.lfSf S..WeS vt.SS .ffrSJtrfVqrwa-7-riw "jtr - ," 4? Tss: rr.e."?f :r - -- fca! Sr-r -&35S2E i&.? -? -.STkr.iK T- .- . "--5-- v v.ijL-, . ". . :.-- ' - . - ' 'ojsaT-H -- 5rttrv -.isvjrr, s '&&&-!' rw : .3 ': T- tk-- '---V'-Tr- t:; .-- -. v-r-., - - ;fpr . J 'fe,V - cCHATJTATJQUA ANNOUNCEHENTTwo top-notch dramatic comedies, "Turn To The Right" and"Friendly Enemies;" Lieurance'sLittle Symphony Orchestra; formerGovernor Brough, of Arkansas, andother headline lecturers; Irene Stolofs&y, eminent violinist; uniquechildren's programs; Jess -Pugh,noted fuifc specialist-these areamong the eighteen notable attractions which will appeafhere at thebig seven dayRedpath Chautauquawhich opens on "Wednesday, July 12,and .continues through July 19.The Collegian Male Quartet, fourexceptional singers who are alsosplendidly accomplished as a brassquartet, will launch the week's program with a popular concert on thefirst afternoon. Following a prelude. mentby this company at night, Hon.,Charles H. Brough, scholar, educator, and for two terms governor "ofArkansas, will deliver an eloquentand illuminating lecture, "America'sLeadership of the World."A grand concert given on the second afternoon by the MontagueLight Opera Singers Avill featuremany light opei;a melodies presentedin costume with a wealth of realistic dramatic detail. At night, following a concert by the Montagues,Drv-Huber TV. Hurt, author, . scholarand orator, will speak on "The NewIndustrial Day," powerfully seatingforth practical principles of individual and collective living.On the third afternoon, Irene-Stolofsky, brilliant concert violinist,and assisting artists will appear" in--an artists' recital.The third night will be Artists'Night. Miss Stolofsky and companywill be heard in concert, followingwhich Sidney Landon, interpreter,humorist and scholar will presenthis famous impersonations of Twain,Ivipling, Longfellow and other literary masters, with readings fromtheir works.The Cramer-Kurz Trio, three gifted entertainers a soprano,, a character interpreter and a piano accompanist will present a delightful program on the fourth afternoon preceding the unique lecturedemonstration, "Well-Dressed; On aModerate Income," by Evelyn Han-- sen. noted authority on dress. Dur-iing the past year Miss Hehsen hes- lecturedon this subject to more than95,000 people under the auspices ofthe Art Institute of Chicago. She- -will be assisted on the platform by. young women . models." On the fourth night comes the ir-resistible comedy success, "Turn tothe Right," with a wealth of amusing and heart-gripping episodes."Turn to the Right" will be presented by a notable New York cast,organized by the New York Producing Department of the Redpath Bureau.It will be presented by an exceptional New York cast.Vierra's Hawaiians, singers andplayers, on the last afternoon, cladin their native costumes and playing the musical instruments peculiar to their native land, will give apbpular concert, and at night willgive an equally popular prelude toa humorous program presented byJess Pugh, fun specialist extraordinary. This last night's programwill be a fitting finale to to a greatChautauquaf week.Four unique children's entertainments will be given in addition' tothe regular programs for adults,each of the four entertainments forthe youngsters being given on a different day. Mary Mason with herMarionettes will give one entertain-and Duval Brothers, wellr.known magician, another. Theother entertainments are -iCharac-tersfrom the Story Books"' presented by Kathleen Scott and Catherine Denny and a popular concertby the Cramer-Kurz Trio. The children's programs will be given eitherin the morning or in the afternoon.CATARRHCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic, taken internally, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfacesof the system. HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE assists Nature in restoringnormal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.T. JL- Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio.SAME LAW COVERS ALLIf one citizen of a town is required to pay for building a street infront of -his property, all must berequired to do so, the Court of Appeals Tuesday held in affirming adecision of the Monroe Circuit Courtin the case of the City of Tompkinsville against Joe S. Miller. Millerhad sued to enjoin the city fromcollecting $90.75 of a bill for $1,057.60 incurred by the city in fixinga street. It was proved that in someinstances the city had not made assessments where it did the work.RHEUMATISMOn the fifth day Lieurance's Lit-tie. Symphony Orchestra of four vio--" ,11ns, two cellos and a piano, featuresCan abundance of classical and popu-r-jlar fayorites for strings "in a grand'--concert in the afternoon and a pre-rlude at night. The Little Sym-phonywas organized by TurlowLieurance, famous composer of "By4the -Waters of Minnetonka," and ontour will be under the personal direction of Harold Lewis, pianist-' composer.A question of great importancewill be -presented by Chester M.Sanford, vocational expert, who"lectures on the sixth afternoon on"Failures of the Misfits." Mr. Sanrfords address points out the vitalneed of choosing the .proper vocation. A round table follows thelecture."Friendly Enemies," delightfulcomedy drama, on the sixth night,runs over with laughs interspersedwith moments of gripping pathos.Do you know ,that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco. Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, IndoKENTUCKY HAS BEEN STATE 130YEARSWith the first day of a new June,Kentucky reached her 130th birthday The State was admitted to theUnion June 1, 1792, after protractedstruggles to meet the exactions ofthe Assembly of Virginia and thedemands of the Congress of theCongress of ,the United States.ckATTENTION, LADIES!CHemstitching and picoting - attachment, works" on any sewing machine, easily adjusted. Price $2.50with full instructions.ORIENTAL NOVELTY CO.,Box 3L, Corpus Christi, Texas.loADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order,. .(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.Miss Hallie "Frank is visitingMiss Lucy Hunter, in Winchester,.-7-Mrs. Blanche Morehead is visiting her mother, Mrs. A. D. Luckett; at" IDepu'y, in Muhlenburgcounty, .Mrs. , William B ,:Ardery, ofnear Paris was a recent guest ofher mother, Mrs. 'I. J. Spencer, inLexington.:Mrs. Joseph Head, of Richmond, is a guest of her. .sister, Mrs.Emmett M. Dick&on, at her home onStoner avenue." Miss Lavalette Ranson, of 'rtheParis High- School faculty, has returned to her home in Richmond,for the- summer.Mr. and Mrs. G. .W. Watkinshas returned to their home in Harlan, after a, visit to-Mr. and Mrs.Frank J. Trisler.John VanMeter Woodfbrd hasreturned from Culver, Indiana,where he has been attending theCulver Military Institute.J. Matt Hedges, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, -was a recentguest of Miss Elizabeth Grimes andother relatives in this city.Mrs. C. Lawrence has returnedto her home, in Lexington, after avisit tp Mrs. Cannie Grimes Stout,at her home on Seventh street.Mrs. Julia Houston and Mrs. IdaBurgess have returned to theirhomes near Paris, after a visit toMrs. Nannie Patterson, in Georgetown. Miss Elizabeth Giltner, 'of Lexington, and Raymond Booth, of Carlisle, have returned to their homesafter a visit to Mrs. E. C. Cleveland,near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. McGrath, ofHarrodsburg, are guests of theirdaughter, Mrs. Louis T. Lilleston,and family, at their home on Houston avenue.Henry Thomason. has arrivedfrom the Cincinnati Dental College,to spend the summer with his "parents, Mjr. and Mrs. Edwin Thomason, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Haggard,Mr. Clayton -Strode and Miss RuthJ Strode, of Winchester, were recentvisitors at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Clay Sutherland, in this city.Mrs. R. M. Hopkins1 and son,Robert M. Hopkins, Jr., will arrivethis week from St. Louis to spendthe summer with Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Hejm Clay, at their home on Eighthstreet.Misses Mary Ewalt Clay and Eugenia .Mooney, of Spencer county,are guests of the former's grandmother, Mrs. Elizabeth Clay, at"Rosedale," on the Georgetownroad, near Paris. TvHarry Baldwin is in Lynchburg,Virginia, where he attended thecommencement exercises of Randolph-MaconCollege, where hisdaughter, Miss Vernita Baldwin,was one of the greduates.Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. Powerare in Chicago this week, where Mr.Power is attending the sessions ofthe National Wholesale Grocers' Association, of which he is directorfrom the State of Kentucky.Misses Isabelle and Anne Cay-3vood Talbott, will return thisweek from Hamilton College, atLexington, to spend the summer vacation with their parents, Mr. andMrs.'Custis Talbott, on Houstonavenue. -Misses Christine and LouveniaThomason, of near Paris, joinedmembers of the Shrine Temple ofLouisville for a several "weeks' tourof the West, visiting points of interest in Canada, and to attend theNational Convention of Shriners, atSan Francisco. vTREASURY SAVINGS CERTIFICATES VERY POPULAR r"The rapidly increasing- popularity of the new government savingssystem in Paris is evidenced by thesale of $6j2Q0 wo.rth o TreasurySavings Certificates at the 'localpostoffice during the month of May,"I stated. Postmaster Payne to-day vPostmaster Payne deqlared thatTreasury' Savings Certificates are thesoundest investment conceivable, dueto the fact that all risk is eliminatedand they constantly increase invalue. If 4ield for five years theyincrease 25 per cent. ov'ertbjj4 titAprice, or 5 per cent, per year, andboth principal andinterest are freefrom all local and i3tate taxes.These certificates can be purchased at the local post office in denomination of $1,000, $100 and $25at cost prices of $800, $80 and $20each, respectively, and it is hopedthat more people of this communitywill familiarize themselveswith thisgovernment savings plan in order tomake their dollars grow isafely-atthe rate oi5 per cenU per year."SrnePropBourbon Poultry, RemedyA few drops in fowls' 41 -j,drinking water curesUx C3ana prevents wniiejdiarrhoea, cholera f-r2ifSand other chick wdiseases. Use daily to keep yourchicka healthy. Don't waituntildisaase strikes. Get it today.Small iie 60c. half -plnlSl, pial $1.50.Atdruggiats.orbymail postpa'd.Bourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, Ky.Sold ByAEDERY DRUG CO.(till July 1-Fv)"Small Keys open Big DoorsjuMLTnnrjBJLii ,,"ssssssmsssmasamim'mslfifyiFWKrWm-YOUR FIRST DOLLAR WILL WEN- THE WAYT0 YOUR FORTUNE-If you must go to a certain place you will never get"'there-unless you START. - .-If youdesire to be comfortable financially, you 'cannever become so unless you START to saving money:- iStart NOW with that money you have in your pocket.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyOrganized under the provisions of the Federal Farm loan ActTlieLoanTliat Never Gomes DueUnless and until the borrower wishes to pay itLoans on farm property on the amortization plan for a term of 40"years in amounts ranging from ?1,000 to $45,000, at 6. $66.46 peryear on each $A,000 of loan pays both- principal and 'interestl"Liberal prepayment privileges.No commissions no renewals.For further information write or califINQUIRE ATPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &- TRUST CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYKentucky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trnst Building Lexington, KentuckyOPERATED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISIONOEHCERSC. N. Manning, PresidentF. H. Engelken, Vice-Pres.and ManagerJ. D. VanHooser, Vice-Pres.S .A ."Wallace, Sec. and Treas.DIRECTORSRobt. W. Bingham -: cC. N, ManningL. G. CoxLouis, des CognetsGeorge IC. Graves " '-F. H. EngelkenJames GStone "J. D. VanHooser -'John G. Stoll , - -Georpse R. Hunt . V " "?Samuel H. Halley t -R. T. Anderson- - . 7.Edward Hilliard .Morgan O. HughesJ. Robt. SmithS. A. Wallacei?-?FREE! FREE!Your House Rent Free If-YouBuy From Us !Jello, all flavors , . . 1 OcMeal, peck 25 c17 cakes P. & G, Soap and 2 packages StarNaptha Washing Powder for $ 1 .OOv12 cakes Lenox Soap and 1 package StarNaptha Washing Powder for 4JTc5 cakes Sweetheart Soap : ,.... 24cPalm Olive Soap 8c 2 for 1 5cSun Brite" Cleanser 05cOld Dutch Cleanser -....,.-. 1 OcCabbage '.: -- .05cOld Potatoes, peck 40cNew Potatoes, pound .-.05cGreen Beans, pound ..;?....v.?.;;....10cTexas Dried Onions, oldA pound i OcNew Onions, Bunclu. . 05cNew Tomatoes, pound .... v. ....... i .j-r: . 20cCucumbers ..... l.. :: 2 for 15cIvory Salt, box l. .10cMatches 05c. Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick entertained the members of the 1922graduating class of the Paris HighSchool Tuesday morning in thegymnasium. After being served withdelightful refreshments the youngfolks danced until the hour arrivedfor the English test.Mrs. J. W. Hayden and daughter, Miss Josephine Hayden, willleave on June 17 for Detroit, Mich,where they will be guests6f EllisB. Hayden, and Mrs. Hayden. MissHayden wiU- sail from Montreal, on 1June 24, with Prof. Fogies' party,for a three-months' tour of Europe.They will make' a stop of one weekin London, where Miss Hayden willvisit relatives, later going to Oberammergau to witness the presentation of the Passion Play.(Other Personals on Page 5)LODGE, THE UNCONSCIOUS HUMORISTPARIS BAKING COhTVtr7r&.- KfWm?.Senator Henry Cabot Lodge is oneof the best unconscious humorists inthe country. After asserting thatthe methods employed byvthe Democrats in exposing the infamies of th,eFordney-McCumber Tariff bill forpostponing the arrival of a period ofstability, he said:"Business could not fully recoverwhile uncertainty existed as to thetariff rates." -The Republicans came "into controlof both branches of Congress following the general elections of 1918 JThey have been in full control or anbranches of the Government sincethe Fourth' ot March, 1921. It wasiiot until a few months ago that theyeven attempted to revise tne xarin,and their pfsenU efforts are excitinthridtcullontempt -Jind ia.e--mmciatidn'of Tern4 their .own, Pfy5fTax Fret In KentuckyvlrS- - -crBacked By Sixty Thousand- BURLEY TOBACCO GROWW,-$700,000District Warehousing Corporation8fo Gumulative Serial, Preferred StockfljR&ptiljatfd Dividends UncondiHmmlly T&ummWjThe Burley -Tobacco GrowersCo-operative AssociationsIncorporated.Dl-Whe 'purpose 6j this 'issue of Preferred Sto'ch is 't'MS p.$ing of funds for the 'acquisition, by the various DistrfB,' WL&reRousing Corporations, of now independently owned -This Preferred Stock is divided into 'five 'classes, 'each 'elfish (Wntdining ran equal amount. This stock, must be retiredytet District Warehousing Corporations rat rpar, with Zffi'kugiulated dividends', as, follows:. -"-. .Plass "A" stock on or, before June 30th, 192$ -llass"Br stock on or before lJune 30th, 19241 'i N . XJhtss. "G" stoik on or. before 'June 30th, 1925 1 "? :' KHas's ")" stock on or before June 30th, 1926- Vlass "" stock on or; before June 30ih, 192Z - -This Preferred Stock is unconditionally guaranteed, Tntii as to prl&and dividends, by the Hurley Tobacco Grower Co-operative At. J.T. t J. 1 J-.f.. .. Jt'JT tX .! A iJl 'mi znruuun cumrucim uiuu vxvvuiw wiwwn tarn jiR im Qbbict Warehousing Corporation.- -V UF-Z'5PRICE $10 PER SHARE-J-iJames C'Wiiso;cV6fc"w" w ,LOUISVILLE,BSHOSISFkcd rAstnU UrTht Biirlty Tobacc Crowa Co-opmaluH "AssociationimnmcMir-v2Jvr&Kr--jt ' " -sty"". I - 1j I m:mmaOBttoTritlBrCKM -fKqqlHTOpl; . : - "-'SMf. Subscriptions' will also be; received in Bourbon Cuntyby;th followlni baktc t'" :igji iipii.i vw""."'""!, ,. , . i i .. .i uTt w iianuHiBBK. fbtib.T. TTT" 'sTjri ' . ' - - n WTrVfr . " fjmr--ftr r "irtr.' Z? " "? " f1'"1 p &! lHVnSk, U m -rm nfcr-lHIbflhlirr'W-l..Tj, ., "Lhjiji " J-r.iC' " u '-w:eZ-Zu - -t-ti-i -I1-.ittk!W'Immmmmmmmimmmmmmm!PJmzJl A - ft ,r l- - . tr -V a3t- '1 -,J -." JV'S ? -wtA&$e-. fc- V . ""Lh- -v . ' THfi ttttTTRTtntf' NEWS.- FTHE ' BOURBON- NEWS. . PARIS. -KENTUCKY-FRIDAY; JUNE', 1S221f-VGfVFOURMillerslDurg C 11 a, -u. t sfc Jul q. tj. a,June 24th to June 29thIia-f --"LIGHTNING BOLT FIRES CIVILWAR MUSKET"The unloaded gun," an old armymusket that has stood by the greatstone chimney at the home of Wm.Donaldson, near Maysville, since theCivil War, was discharged by a boltof lightning." The bullet .went through the ceiling and Mr. Donaldson and twoneighbors, who were in the roomseeking shelter from the storm, wereknocked down unconscious.The lightning struck the chimneyand tore it to pieces, entering thehouse through the flue.oTanlac overcomes rheumatism bytoning uif and invigorating the vitalorgans, thereby enabling them toeliminate poisons from the system.Tanlac is sold by all good druggists.RELIGIOUSNotice to Contractors !Frankfort, Ky., June 1, 1922.i Sealed bids will be deceived bythe State Highway Commission atthe office of the State Highway Engineer. Old Capitol Building, Frankfort, Kentucky, until 1:00 p. m., onthe 21st day of June, 1922, for theimprovement of the Paris-Mt. Sterling road, beginning at the city limits of Paris and extending to theMontgomery County line, a distanceof approximately 12 miles in Bourbon County.This road is officially known asState Project No. 32, Section A, onthe State Primary System in Bourbon County.This improvement will consist ofapplying bituminous surface treatment and covering with stone chipsor pea gravel, in accordance withapproved specifications.Instructions to bidders, forms ofproposals and specifications may besecured at the office of the StateHighway Engineer, Old CapitalBuilding, Frankfort, Kentucky.Each bidder must accompany hisbid with a bond or certified checkfor 400.00. payable to the StateTreasurer, Credit Department ofState Roads and Highways.The right is reserved to rejectany'and all bids.APPROXIMATE QUANTITIES21,000 gals. Medium Oil.845 tons Stone Chips or PeaGravel.84,480 sq. yds. Cleaning Surface.STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION,By Joe S. Boggs, - State Highwayi Engineer.i (june9-13) .J'The Pride of Paris"BLACK HAIR-JHITE SPORTDOTTED SWISSORGANDYandLARGE WHITEHATS$5.00xn?DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS , KENTUCKYJ- " . y,1 Redpath aIjl Chautauqua, mB DAYS IA Bsnme of Events In-BetfgtfroajCircles For iTesent andFuture' iRev. W. G. Nutjer, pastor of theMillersburg Christian church, willpreach at the Jackstown churchSunday afternoon at three o'clock.Sk Peter's Episcopal Church,Rev. Walter S. Cain, rector; TrinitySunday; Sunday School at 9:35 a.m.; Holy Communion and services at10:45 a. m. A cordial invitation isextended to all toworship with us.Ground was broken yesterdayafternoon for the new Second Presbyterian church, to be erected atRanson avenue and East Main street,in Lexington. Special exerciseswere held under the direction 'ofRev. Dr. Benjamin J. Bush, pastorof the church. The excavationwork will begin to-day. The ceremony of breaking the groundwas witnessed by a large delegation of church people and business men.Rev. Dr. Richard Wilkerson,who gained fame in Paris for a remarkably eloquent address and hisearnest work in the Liberty Bondscampaign in Paris during the worldwar, while pastor of the Church ofthe Good Shepherd, at Lexington,was found not guilty of violating ageneral canon of the. church, whilerector of St. John's Church, at Troy,Alabama. Dr. Wilkerson wascharged specifically with allowing aJewish rabbi to speak in the ParishHouse of St. John's Church at awatch, night service last New Year'sEve. The court, hearing the case,.was composed of three Alabamaministers.Cradle Roll Day will be observed at the Methodist church nextSunday, when all th children whobelong to the Cradle Roll are incited to be present at 10:45 a. m.for the Cradle Roll march. Promotion certificates will be given to allwho have reached four years of ageand they will be enrolled in themain school. Infant baptism will beadministered at the opening of theservice and the pastor, Rev. C. H.Greer, will preach on "The Christian Home America's FundamentalInstitution."Sunday School will meet at 9:30,a. m.; the Epworth League will meetat 4:45 p. m., and at 7:30 the pastorwill preach on "The Closed Door."A most hearty weloeme to all atevery service.Services will be held at theChristian church. Sunddy at the regular hours, 10:45 a. m. and 7:30p. m. Rev. W. E. Ellis will occupythe pulpit at both services. In themorning the subject will be "TheVictory of Faith," and in the evening, "Infidel Faith vs. ChristianFaith." There will be special musicat both services.The Christian Endeavor Societywill meet in the church parlors at6:20 p. m. The topic wilP be,"Team Work Helps and Hindrances."X). Y.'L. Farley will lead."The Junior Choir will meet Sunday afternoon at three o'clock, forpractice under Mrs. Dryden's direction. The - Bible .-School will meetpromptly at 9:30. A cordial invitation is extended to all.The Woman's Missionary Societywill meet in the church parlorsnext "Tues'day, June 13, at teno'clock, for an all-day service andlunch. The "regular business meeting will be held in the afternoon at2:30 o'clock.Rev. Ward Russell, of LittleRock, who received the degree ofBachelor of Arts from the College ofthe Bible at Transylvania - College,Lexingtonr and had previously, heldthe degrees of Master of t Arts andBachelor of Arts from Transylvania,was appointed instructor in the College of the Bible, and will havecharge of the English Bible course.Rev. Russell will also continue incharge of the church at LittleRock. Dr. Vernon Stauffer, dean ofthe Southern California School ofChristian Religion, was elected to'the chair of the New Testament inCollege of the Bible at the annualmeeting of the board of trusteesTuesday. His work will be partly inthe field covered by Dr. A. W. Fortune, who resigned as dean of theCollege,"" January 1 and was succeeded by DrW. C. Bower.ROBERT LAVIN TO COACH HENDERSON TEAMRobert Lavin, son of Mr. and'atrsTMr J. Lavin, of Paris, has beenchosen by the Henderson, Ky., City5School Board of Education to coachthe Barrett High School footballand basketball teams of that city.Mr. Lavin will also teach severalsubjects in the High School. Hissalary was-fixed at $1,500.Mr. Lavin is a member of thegraduating class of 1922 of Kentucky University, where he starredin football and basketball work, forseveral terms. He -was given honorable mention last year by WalterChamp in naming his -All-Americanfootball team. He accompanied theAll-Kentucky .basketball team intheir triumphal tour through theSouth and was rated as one of thebest football and basketball playersin the South. He has made an enviable record at the University ofKentucky, also on the teams of thatinstitution.MARVIN WILL PROBATEDY. M. 0. A. NOTESThe "Y" Membership Committeeis planning a big membership contest between the men and boys onone team and the women and girlson the other.Each new member will count 10points. Prizes for the ones scoringthe highest number of points ineach division are being offered bythe Membership Committee. Abathing suit or tennis racket or theequivalent ($5.00) will be presentedthe winners.The winning team will enjoy refreshments, while the losers will gehungry.All Y members of both the women's and men's divisions are askedto meet at the Y building on Fridayevening. June 9, 7:30.The contest will begin Friday,June 9, and last for one week. Mr.J. T. Tucker is chairman of thecommittee putting on the contest.Special rates for the Y swimmingand tennis privileges are beingoffered for the period of the contest. oHEALTH BOARD NOTICE; WEEDSMUST BE CUT" -In the County Court the last willand testament of the late Henry C.Parvin, who died some week ago athis home near Glintonvllle, was admitted to probate before CountyJudge George Batterton. By theterms of the document the deceasedleaves all his property, real, personal and mixed, to his widow, Mrs.Bettie Parvin, and named her executrix without bond.Mrs. Parvin waived her rfght toqualify under the will as executrixand recommended that the Cgurt appoint -Frank Buchanan in her place.Mr. Buchanan accepted the trustand qualified as administrator withwill annexed, executing bond in thesum of $2,000. Brutis J. Clay,Luther K. Rice and Kelley Haleywere appointed to apprise the estate.Mr Coolidge says he will "not bea candidate for re-election to the"Vice-Presidencyr Maybe he plans tore-enter public life.o 'Women are said to be more adaptat learning foreign languages thanare men. vFOR RENTNEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tn170 acres grass land, on R. R.Rogers farm, on Cynthiana pike.Address,H.-R. PRUITT, Agent,Mt. Sterling, 'Ky.(june 9-2t)LOSTSomewhere in Paris, on the streetsor in the stores, a bevel-edged plateglass mirror, belonging to a ladies'handbag. Finder please "leave atTHE- NEWS office.WESTERN COLTS ENTERED INBIG LATONIA RACEThe entries of two more thoroughbreds have been received ascompetitors against Morvich andother fast ones in the $50,000 Kentucky, June 24. Colonef Matt J.Winn, general manager of the Kentucky Jockey Club, announced.'They are Singapore and SuperCargo, both owned by J. H. Rossetter, of Santa Rosa, Calif. Entriesfor the race will close on June 12.1 fGet Your Ticketj ji Now Im w, U2JGet Your TicketNowRedpathChautauquaThe 10Q?oProgram7 BIG HTDAYS ,LOVELYCHAUTAUdUA WEEK HEREJULY 12TH TO. 19THSILKHOSIERYEMBROIDERED' andLACE CLOXWhite Black NudeGrey Polo$1-98-$3.98iSTDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYWeeds are a nuisance and detrimental to health. The health boardso declares, and orders them cuti within the next ten days. The boardalso requests any person or personswho are acquainted with individualswho are evading the orders of thehealth board in any instance tonotify the health officer confidentially. DR. A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the Board of Health.Paris, Ky., June 5, 1922.(june9-2t)BLUE GRASS SEED HARVEST ALMOST HNISHEDSEWER CONNECTIONS ITNALNOTICE, HEALTH BOARDN This is to notify all property owners whose property abuts the sanitary sewer that warrants will issuefrom the City Health Board if suchconnections have not been, begun orcompleted on or before June 15th.1922.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the Board of Health.(6-3t):DOMINOPureGranulatedSUGAR100 POUNDS $6.50J5TNE SULPHUR WELL DRILLEDIN.A fine vein of pure sulphur waterwas struck by drillers on the E. F.Prichard farm, near Paris, Tuesday.The drill penetratedto a depth of102 feet when the strong flow ofwater was encountered.The water now stands twenty-twofeet in the well. Mr. Prichard saysit is the strongest and purest flavored sulphur water he has evertasted. The well was drilled in by"W. K. Kearney, expert, of Versailles.O :, TWO IN ACCIDENTSCHAUT AIMIU4 WEE! XIII. nm irnr to ink r''The harvesting of the large cropof blue grass seed in Bourbon countyis practically at an end, some smallfields remaining to be stripped. Rainyesterday interfered with the workto some extent.Some sales have been made on aT)asis ofJ$1.0j0 a bushel, while theweedy seed has ranged from thirtyfive to seventy cents a bushel. It issaid that but "little of the crop iasbeen sold, farmers preferring tojwld it't Ior.Au jist -idiliyry; prrids- ;ed tM ;pnc at tftat time if rifmt. i0 liuhl of - ytwrly.Mrs. Charles Sauer, of Seventhstreet, received a message fromMiddletown, Ohio, telling of an accident to her brother, Alvin Thomas,formerly of Paris. While working onthe new Methodist church, in Middletown, the ladder on whichThomas was working fell, throwinghim to the pavement, thirty-five'feet "below. His ankle was brokenand his foot badly injured. He wasremoved to his home and given medical attention.' Mrs. John McGinley received amessage from Cincinnati, telling" ofan,acciclent to Mrs. Henry McGinley,formerly of Paris. While descending a stairway Mrs. McGinley fell,breaking the bones of one foot. Shewas taken ,,to the hospital on PriceHill, Cincinnati.rO :A -writer speaks of Russia's pastbellum troubles. Russia's troubles,however, are not so "much post-bellumas cerebellum.Pratlow Preserved Pickled Peaches aNo. 2 can jjQSunnyside Fruit Salad; JTNo. 2 can 4CDel Monte Yellow "Cling Peaches,halves or sliced; No2$, 34c; ftNo. 2, 26c; No. 1.. .. V. . .-8 JjQJoan of Arc Kidney ' 4 fBeafis. .- ' (JCampbell's Pork and 4ABeans.. .. ..' .. .r. .. - ' JCFranco-American Spaghetti with 4 atomato sauce, No. 2 can I ICDel Monte Red 4 aPimentoes QQMansfield Evaporated Milk; Jllarge 9c; small TCCampbell's Soups; " 1flall kinds. . .. .. (JQLipton's or Tetley's Teas; 1 lb. 01a79c; y2 lb. 41; .. ZICHeekin's Iceo" Tea; lb. 41c; i"?y, ib.. . 1CInstant Postum; large" 41c; OCsmall . . ZuvHirsch's Pure Tomato Catsup; 10alarge 25c; small t luuPremier Salad Dressing; large A a41c; small luGBeechnut Peanut Butter; large i25c; medium 17c; small v I ICLippincott's Stuffed Olives; large "jA-41c; medium 29c; small tGWhite Star White Meat Tuna; 1 41lb. 39c; y2 lb 24c; lb. .'.. .. QArgo Red Salmon; No. 1 tall OOacan. .- ZuCPrelate Pink Salmon; No. 1 tall 4ftlcan IZ2CCampfire Marshmallows; 10apackage .. .r.. .L . . JjCracker jacks; , - r Atpackage . . . . I 42uU-All-No After Dinner . " 01 AMmts.. ..:... ..N ..ZIC-Palmolive ' 4 ' Oa' Soap qCLux..-...: '.-.-. -ti$-.l 10cBabbit's f vjr - 1Qa- Lye.. -.... .;. .,.i..;.. lobOld Dutch - x - Qftx Cleanser. . . '!. . jjSani- - rt4flush.. . . . lRoyal Baking Powder; .large 45c; 4 0.-medium 25c; small IUuWelch's Grape Juice; quarts 57c; 4 4pints 31c; splits. . .. libWelch's Apple Juice; x aPints x. . . . JJCSheboygan Ginger Ale; 1Gfc' Pints pCMazola Salad or Cooking Oil Y2gal. 89c; quart 51c; 011apint v ZUCSnowdrift Pure Vegetable Shortening; 4 lbs. 74cr 2 'lbs. 38c; OOa1 ib r ZUCSearchlight " (JAMatches. . '. ObGolden Age Spaghetti, Macaroni Alor Noodles; 8-oz. package Q2CKellogg's Corn Flakes or Post aToasties JJbShredded - 4 0lAWheat .": . IZ2CPure Hog Lard; - 4 Jpound . S tCFresh Creamery Butter; J Jpound 44wFancy Large New Potatoes; peck "inft15 lbs. weighed UC"Large Juicy Lemons; -- QHadozen ,- 0UU4J'';r4i, roilci nt&r- 7jt0,-We Don't Meet Prices We Make Them -PIGGLY WIGGLYGROCERIES707 Main StreetFRUITSvft-tV .. im ?! X . - - '-jaKMpaajBjpMpppppppppjpjHpjPJpjpjpjBjlGREEN VEGETABLESParis. KentuckyoR53?-IuktR?r .-" -..st 'a ms v 3. yJV"t-'s---,' ..v&-vo-r-"rl ;"SSt- A'ipjfc.O'.ir.tiiiariit&mm-m - ,. . . "K -v ,-J )CwtfeV- ?L. -V ,? - jSi. ' .. i' - a ." " . J6 ...3P s ..-'tr- A if"-&FRIDAY, JUNE 9,-1922jr j j "I THE -BOURBbN NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. - " TT" d - . PAGEFIYl r WM,-4-V.iir&V&&"GIFTS THAT LASTYOU CAN GET IT AT DAVIS1Coinings and goings of Some YonKnow and Others Yon;DonYMrs. S. M. "Wilmoth is very ill" at the Hotel Windsor.Your Palm Beach Suit, of course; -Miss Nellie Letton. of Paris? isvou are assured of perfect style and visiting Mrs. E. H. Scott, in Louis-satisiucLui.y vvco.1 x.wv, yj. .. vine.$16.50. . I Mrs. Rachel Smith has gone toJ. "W.. DAVIS & CO. TJhicago, for a visit to 'Mrs. Eugene: 'Foley.SHAWHAN POSTMASTER NAMED. Mrs. Reynolds Letton, of near. j Paris, is spending the week with herA special dispatch -from Wash- father, S. B. Marcum, at Adair-ington, Wednesday, says: ville, Ky."Shirley A. Snowden was to-day General and Mrs. Robert Walsh,appointed postmaster at Stfawhan, of New York, are guests" of Mr. andBourbon county, Kentucky." j Mrs. .White Va'rden, at their homeon vine street.Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford and two children are yisitingMr. and Mrs. Polk Laffoon, at theirhome in Covington.custom and witnessed by more thantwo thousand spectators.', (Othdr" Personals on Page 3)CHURCH PICNIC TO-DAYCASE DISMISSEDIn the County Court, Judge Geo.Batterton dismissed the warrantagainst Earl Curtis, charging him J Mrs. William H. -Harris, -formwith furnishing liquor 'to a -iinor.eraly of Paris, entertained with atinued until this morning.oHEALTH BOARD ELECTEDAt a called meeting of the localBoard of Health, Dr. J. M. Williamswas elected president and Dr. A. H.Keller was re-elected City HealthOfficer and Secretary of the Board.The other members of the Board areMrs. lannieoene butnerianuDr. Jo. S. Varden.andATTENTION, BUYERS!Call and inspect our stock andprices at the Turner & Claytonstand. Complete litfe of groceries,vegetables and iruits. Your patronage appreciated.TAUL & STONE.Phones Tenn. 872, Home 399.--:oFERTILIZER, fHAVE- JUST RECEIVED CARLOAD SWEET'S HIGH GRADE REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. PRICE LOWEST INSEVERAL YEARS. IT PJYS TOUSE ITBRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)The Presbyterian church and Sunday School will have an all-day picnic, to-day, Friday, June 9, in thewoodland of Wm. T. Buckner,'on theNorth Middletown pike. The rafreshment committee, under theNorth -Middletown pike. The relu. Dodge, Gf dHETAOIN TANNNfreshment committee, under theleadership of Mrs. James L. Dodge,has provided an abundance of goodthings for the occasion, and therewill be plenty for all. The entertainment committee, with RudolphDavis and Mrs. J.'C. Nickerson, asleaders,' guarantee a' good time forall who attend. Garrett Jeffersonwill be in charge of transportation.Those who have no other .means ofreaching the grounds will be takenthere by sending word to Mr. Jefferson. The weather permitting, thereis a good time in sto(re for both oldand young.The case against him charging un-j garden party at her home on Westlawful possession of liquor was con- Second street, in Lexington, yesterday afternoon.Mr. Albert Kiely and sister,Mrs. E. A. Korth. and baby, "of Chicago were pleasant visitors duringthe past week with Mrs. E. C. Kileyand family, on High street.Mrs. Princess Duvall and son,John W. Duvall, Jr., and Miss Hettie Whaley have returned from avisit to their sister, Mrs. W. Hoffman Wood, and Mr. Wood, in Mt.Sterling.Capt. N. Winn Lisle will arrivethis week from Boston, Mass., tospend the summer with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Lisle. Capt.Lisle will be -stationed at Ft. Riley,Kansas, after September.Miss Georgia Fithian Webb continues in a very critical conditionat her home on .Stoner avenue, withchances against her recovery, according to the latest reports fromher bedside.Carlisle Mercury: "Mr. andMrs. Sam Berry were in Paris,Monday on a business mission ....Dr. and Mrs. N. H. McKinney spentthe week-end with relatives inBourbon county."Mrs. Frank Still has gone toCincinnati to be with her daughter, Miss Virginia Still, who is astudent at one of the colleges in thesuburbs. Mrs. Still and daughterCourier-Journal: "Mrs. Clarence Martin will, leave Saturday tovisit Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, atParis. .. .Miss Elizabeth C. Spearshas returned to Paris after aweek's visit to Mr. and Mrs. J.Washington Bayly."Mrs. Stanley Dickerson andMiss Marie Collins entertained attheir home near North Middletown,Wednesday, with tea in complimentto Miss Henrietta Clay Bedford,bride-elect, whose marriage is to bean event of Saturday, June 17.Miss Stella Stephens, of Mt.Sterling, former .member of theParis High School faculty, was aguest this week of Mr. and Mrs.Custis Talbott, while attending thecommencement exercises of the P.H. S.Mr. Swift Champ, editor ofTHE NEWS, is home again from anextended stay at Miwogco MineralLSprings, near Milan, Indiana. Mr.Champ has been greatly improvedby his stay at this famous healthresort, which he states, is gaining inpopularity every week. --Mrs. John G. Stoll, of Lexington, entertained the members ofherPRAISES GEORGETOWN COLLEGEMUSICIANSThe Georgetown Times says:"The Georgetown College Orchestra,under the direction of C. E. True,gave a concert at the High SchoolAuditorium, Paris, . Friday night,June 2, to a highly appreciative audience. The program rendered wasaugmented by singers of high classand ability, including Miss HazelSherrit, soloist, Mrs. Edna Dryden,soloist, together with both male andfemale quartettes, including Dr.Eberhardt, Prof. Richardson, W. E.Browning and C. E. True, Mrs. Lipscomb, Miss Alia Dean Bridges, MissAmy Dawes, Miss Hazel Sherrit. Theprogram was highly complimentedby both Prof. Kirkpatrick and audience as being one of 'the best programs ever rendered in Paris."REAL ESTATE DEALSADVERTISE IN THE NEWSThrough an advertisement inTHE NEWS John Kriener found afolding store door key which he hadlost somewhere on the streets ofParis. The key was found by S. E.Boland, who "turned it in to THENEWS for advertising. It pays toadvertise in THE NEWS.BOURBON SHOOTERS GO TO LOUISVILLE MEETThe following from Bourboncounty, members of the BourbonCounty Gun Club, motored to Louisville yesterday, where they tookpart in the all-day shooting tournament given by the new LouisvilleGun Club: J. C. Kenney, J. L.Dodge, Walter Kenney, Thomas Hinkle, A. B. Perkins, Alfred Clay, Jas.R. Pendleton, J. Q. Ward, Ben Hisle,Raymond McMillan, Rudolph Davis.The party returned last nightTwith a good report of the day'ssport, though their averages mighthave been better shooting over theirown traps.Jkt ,Jas. Clay Ward, trustee in bankruptcy for C. D. Wilsonf sofa atpub'lic auction at the court housedoor, in Paris, two vacant lots, anautomobile and sdme personal property. A lot on, South Cypress streetwas purchased by Mrs. C. D. Wilsonfor $1,900. Mrs. Wilson also purchased the lot on Link avenue for$25, and the automobile for $375.J Bennett Tarr sold a vacant lotin the old fair "" grounds addition to Paris, to W. E.Patton. George W. Wilder and E.H. Gorey sold, a vacant lot on Twentieth street to Samuel C. Fields.Mr. and Mrs. Edward H. Bran-non have purchased from Mrs. Geo.B. Minter the two-story frame homeon South Main street. Mr. and Mrs.Brannon have moved to the property, which hasx recently been muchimproved.Work will soon begin on the construction of "the two story brickbusiness house at the corner of Seventh and High streets, on the lotpurchased some time ago by Harris,Speakes & Harris. The lower floorwill be used as business storerooms,and the upper story made into amodern flat.IRn W S'UMMER Ifri2mJ CLOTHES by,What is More Cooling For -ADay in JuneThati a Palm Beach, Mohai'r or TropicalN Worsted Suit? We .have them in all sizesand many models$1000 to $22.50We also have the other necessaries for thehot summer months.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveICE COLD WATERMELONSFine ripe melons on ice. Phoneus your order.LOGAN HOWARD,Home of Good Things to Eat.s.HAY BALING WIREJust received car load Bale Ties,full 9 feet, No. 14 wire. Verycheap. Let us put aside your requirements. FORD & CO.DOWN WITH THE SPEEDER.PREVENTS HORSE THEFTbridge club Wednesday afternoon at her home on West Thirdstreet, in Lexington. Mrs. Stoll wasassisted in entertaining by her sister, Mrs. James W. Thompson, ofParis. Ten guests partook of theafternoon's pleasures.The following invitations arebeing sent out: "You are invited toattend the June Dance given by theParis Dancing Club, Wednesday,June fourteenth, nineteen hundredand twentyrtwo, Stuart's Hall,Paris, Kentucky. Smith's Saxophone Orchestra. Nine to three.Subscription. Invitation required.Dark clothes requested. Committee:Russell Frank, William Wornall.'''Miss Elizabeth Chenault entertained with a charming luncheonWednesday at her home in Lexington, in compliment to Mrs. Howard C. Bates, of Providence, RhodeIsland, who is visiting her parents,Gen. and Mrs. Wilbur R. Smith. MissChenault was assisted in entertaining by her sisters, Mrs. James WvThompson, of Paris, and Mrs. JohnStoll, of Lexington.Mrs. G. W. Dietrich, of Nashville, Tenn., sends THE" NEWS thefollowing notes of interest regarding Paris and Lexington studentsat the Ward-Belmont College, inNashville:"Miss Elizabeth Vaught, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Clarence H.Vaught, of Lexington, received herdiploma at the commencement exercises at Ward-Belmont, Nashville,Tenn., on Thursday. Miss Vaughtwas among those who took part inthe Class Dayexercises on Wednesday, and the laying of the daisychain 1922 on the campus. MissElizabeth Caywood, of Paris, Ky.,took part in a group of Frenchplays given by the Ward-Belmontstudents on Friday evening. Both!Awakened I5y a sound of men harnessing a norse, .jos. ivraKes, tvuowas sleeping in the office of the M.J. Murphy Transfer Co., made x aquiet investigation and found twostrangers attempting to harness " ayoung filly belonging to RobertShropshire, using ' Mr. Murphy'sbuggy. Hearing Mr. Frakes approach the men made their getawayand have not been apprehended. Thefilly had not been shod and was notin condition to travel far.Proof of the pudding is in the eating thereof. Thousands praise Tanlac. So will you. Tanlac is sold byall good druggists. '&With the summer months againupon us and automobiles on the increase the spotlight of pitless publicity should be turned upon thespeed maniac, the most dangerous ofall irresponsible animals and Parisis full of them, unfortunately.Then again fortunately, the vigilance of police and county officialsis having a tendency toward reducing the number of these pests.Heavy fines have tended to checkthem, and morff are" needed. Theyhave adsolutely no regard for thesafety or lives or pedestrians, andtake some desperate chances on making short and quick turns aroundcorners. Not half of1 them soundtheir horns on approaching intersecting streets, and the other halfonly make a half-audible kind ofsound. xEven one of the species 'is toomany to be left at large. Not sincethe days of Indian butchery hasthere been such a menace to publicsafety and the lives of the people.We have seen some very narrow escapes at street corners, due principally to the carelessness or indifference of automobile drivers.Time and superior force eliminated the Indian as a menace. Thegpeeder'js turn comes next. Auction she and Miss Vaught attended theshould be swift ani certain, a.nd traditioaal club dinner on Wedneawith no greater -mercy Iftiam' "aw day evening. In mid-May theypar-paer-,howB to kii helplMe Tic- ticipated in.4h-May Day.faatiitUaSPECIALTHIS WEEKTINE DRESSGINGHAMSBeautiful Selection15c per yardATTwin Bros.Dept. StoreGHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS, KY.zsj&tmmu i jmrnmrnTiy' - -.& 1HJWE ARE SHOWINGLIVING ROOM SUITESIn many designs at most reasonable prices.Let us serve you.W. K. KearneyWELL DRILLERPhone No. 80VERSAILLES, KY.vi$urVDrill Five. Six and Eiffht?. --& -InchJBokps Mpr4Have You Heard the NewCOLUMBIA RECORDHIT?Buy it now. Columbia Grafonolas are the best Talking Machines.There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machine.THE J. T. HINTON CO,JEITHERMIONC UPARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Hars Motor Invalid Comok : UiMtrtoifcys.v -.!JliB-PHHv4J;-I,lari1.rrKVt Arwmmmmwmmmmalmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmm?" --W' v."- win. accorttia to tn oia "jsnguanUUtt6-4U-ff- ;, .. ai;;v- the BBElafife : JRiji?r"-" i 1 1 i i iPAGE SIX1 Ms;f -- : "" -iteI J ,-111IIIJ&TO THESE WERE WHITE 1HOUSE "PICKETERS"'The Naval radio service willbroadcast over the country thespeeches and music of the ceremonies dedicating the first NationalTinmirni hpnrlnuarters for women atif3 'Washington.- Secretary Denoy, by special oraer,-3?. authorized the use of the Govern-4-v- ".-ment radio service hy the NationalWoman's party for the purpose.TThe Navy Department's recent official order restricting the use of thenaval radio to government departments, will be waived for this oneoccasion which will be attended byPresident Harding, National officialsand by prominent women from allparts of the country.Xr,'cf"-" .Money back without questionIf HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve andSoap),fall inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,RJnarwonn.Tetterorotherltch-Ing fikin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.ECZEMASL. Z.VAEDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.DO YOUR TAJ-KINGOVER THE JT-'.-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK , ECONOMICAL"vvftoS r-i..S:-5I,CAMAL BRO.' BASBEE SHOP4 WHITE BARBEES-CModern Eatilpnittit.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHS- -BRIGHTER, Sg,EVENINGS4&62SW"INSECTS USE RADIO.Wireless Expert Discovers Electric Power in Bugs.NCockroach Has Wave Length of Between One-Half Inch and One InchSend Messages to Each OtherAccidentally Discovered.Harrisburg, Pa. The troublesomecockroack' Is a radio "fan" and communicates by wfreless with his brothers and sisters.Howard Zimmerman of Harrisburg,sergeant major of the Fifty-third in-?fantry -brigade headquarters company, Pennsylvania National Guard,believes and seeks to prove it throughexperiments, the results of whichwere made, public here.The -experiments, Sergeant Zimmerman said, have been under way herefor a year as the results of an investigation begun in a bug-infested barracks in Luxemberg, under the direction of Captain Armstrong of the Fifthdivision signal corps with whichSergeant Zimmerman was servingshortly after the armistice."At that time we were having nightschool and were working on the shortest possible wave length, getting aslow as one-fourth of a meter," the isergeant explained. ' "Radio sets werelocated three feet apart on a glass-everything was workingperfectly vhen suddenly our tubes began to act queerly. By the nickeringlight of the candle w finally Jocated'Mr. Cockroach' sitting in the' spacebetween the receiving and transmit-apparatus, we removea mm ana,tinto our surprise, the apparatus becamenormal. This led us to believe he wascapable of making electric power'The "sergeant declared "one insectradios to another, and this belief, hesaid, is supported byjiis experiments."I have found In iny experimentalwork," he asserted, "that a cockroachhas a wave length of between one-halfinch and one inch, with a very lowfreqjuency,' -" The tuinble bug and moth are alsoendowed with radio power, he added,while beetles show only slight evldence of possessing wireless habits..UNIQUE MEMORIAL.55,6Just- HistoryNEWBORN DANGERIN YELLOW FEVERMay Cross Ocean in Event ofQuick Transit Between American and African Tropics. -GORGAS' WARNING RECALLED. tsCC?.-- iThe Colonial DimeSpun htr clothBy Candle flame.In 1M0In Crinoline bright,-She srreetei her etBy Coal Oil light.And later on, .How time doei passHer home was litBy flickering: Gas.-L-But the girl oi to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.iy v --, 4 'V - i&& ?'''' & -- J A?s BSSSSSSSSSSSSSIBSSSSSSSSSSSSbK'T'VxJ!: c.- 'BSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSB: BSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSf' i--- :?H8 'r"cHBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSC i- '?.$& ''. r'xw'jv v SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSk 'v&Ik 4-" "-?SSSBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSt ' &$$&&''''''BSBBz & 9 vBBSsk 1& n ''BBS&Bk1y SSBflas" SBB3&-& VKifvi&SB" :'!$. BBBSBfeg. SBB3S &&," BfeafeiSBK .vs-'sXv:-BSSSBiBaK'-SSSaBHBE mi&$s?Smr. v --BSBBBflBHBJBjBsSjBJBJBjBSBBBBBBttKXX t wftii'$i'w j; ,''B)PJBBmW)95 1 "" ' ; x-1! '-' '' '' vs J' ' ' v ''??",f''"i'v''sParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)FARMERS X TRW- - -BANK5a- 4PARIS, KY,Btfan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00 :i'VLriiSS'OFFICERSi rraak P. Kiaer, Prta!dt" '"l T 1V Jk imUIBfctehell, CaahlarTtrkM, iM't Caaktar.-- i. -"'"i i Jaj-r-"' . d, Jr., Bobkkatftr...t N- -1W11 '-tit--In an upper window of one of thewell-to-do houses of Cologne, Germany,is an astonishing memorial, a pair ofhorses' heads, facing -the street.They were carved hundreds of yearsago and were placed there to commemorate one of the quaintest eventsin all history, by an ancient noble ofthe cfty.The story runs that his wife died,and while he was mourning at thedeathbed, his stable man ran to himand told him that his wife's horses haddisappeared, When he went down to"their stalls he saw that they weregone, but when he turned back to thehouse he saw them emerging from thedeath chamber jmd concluded thatthey were bringing his wife's soul toheaven. The horses were never foundagain, and this strange memorial wasset up here in their honor.In Former Days "ime of TransitAcross Atlantic Was9 Long EnoughtovAllow all Cases of Fever onBoard to Kill or Cure.Panama. The two Portuguese aviators flying across the Atlantic fromAfrica to South America 'brings tomind a prophetic warning of the lateGeneral Gorgas. This was to theeffect that when quick transportationbetween tropical Africa and tropicalAmerica should develop, as it eventually would, it would greatfyincreasethe danger of the spread of yellowfever to the Eastern Hemisphere aslong as the disease remained in SouthAmerica, especially in Brazil.Days of the Slave Trade.The reason why yellqw fever did notspread from America to Africa 'in thedays of the slave trade, as malariadid spread from Africa to Americathen, illutrates beautifully an important difference between the two greattropical plagues, as well as gives pointand pertinence to General Gorgas'warning. Yellow fever kills or curesin a very short time; malaria maylinger in the system for a very longt.Ime. In former days the time oftransit across the Atlantic was longenough to allow all cases of yellowfever on board a ship to die or to recover before the voyage ended. Re-le f or-ould bitethem after they reached Africa theyfound no germs in them to transmitto others. So it required a very quicktransit to get the infection across. Itis not yet positively certain that yellow fever ever did cross the ocean.General Gorgas was on his way- to thewest coast of Africa to settle thisquestion definitely When he died inLondon.An Irnportant Difference.But malaria, which seems to haveoriginated in Africa, does not conferimmunity upon those who recoverfrom an attack. The germs may survive In the system of the sufferer formonths, or even for years, in a moreor less dormant state, even if acuteattacks do not again -develop, andthese germs may Infect the anopheles'or malaria-carrying mosquitoes, andso enable them. to Infect others. Inthis way the African slaves broughtmalaria to America -with them, but theslave traders did not carry back yellow fever with them to Africa aileast it Is not definitely known thatthey did and the long time of transitwas unfavorable to any considerabletransportation of the infection.' It iscertain that Africa has not sufferedfrom the Imported American plague ofyellow fever as much as America hasfrom the malaria imported fromAfrica.Airplane May Change This.But the airplane may easily changeall this. If the Atlantic is crossed intwo or three days any member of thecrew of an airplane having an infection of yellow fever may easily carrythe disease to where the mosquitoesare waiting to do their part on bothsides of the Atlantic. Yellow feverdoes not reveal itself Immediatelyafter a man is bitten by an infectedmosquito.The only safety would lie In a strictquarantine at the port of arrival inAfrica or Europe, the crew and passengers all being detained under watchuntil the period of inoculation haspassed. The other remedy is to cleanup South-America of yellow fever, asGeneral Gorgas so strongly urged.PULLS TOOTH TO TOOT FLUTESchoolboy Sacrifices Crooked Incisorto Further Life's Ambition toBecome a Musician.Philadelphia. A real martyr i:o music has been brought to light by MissWinnetta JL. Stacks, superintendent ofthe Methodist Episcopal Deaconesshome here. Miss Stacks in describingher efforts to initiate music classes insettlement work, told of one small boy-who confided tfeat his life's ambitionwas to play the flute. The teacherstruggled in vain to teach, but his lipswould not pucker right.t?Joe, I guees you will never learnto blow a flute because of the'vaythat front tcoth has grown. It is inthe tyay," she said finally.A few days later the lad's motherreturned home to find her son's facebloody, but shining :wlth triumph. Hehad jbjHrowplIir&iandfiad pulledthe toothT - jiw 2aat.i?4tSrfL&t-,aiafrd, "h Wtw Botaraft-thc fliteiUSE CHAPELS ON WHEELSMethodists of Nortlfwest Plan Extensive Campaign in Country Districts This Summer.Seattle, Wash. A number of districtconferences of Northwest MethodistEpiscopal churches advocate a chapel-on-wheelscampaign this Summer tocover a vast area of territory wherethe, population Is scattered. There arehundreds of hamlets, agricultural communities and Isolated places wherethe Gospel Is not now heafa7The mounted chapels are to be constructed on trucks equipped with living quarters for the parson, a platform in the rear from which servicesJ may be conducted. In the equipment. will be Included graphophone withGospel records, portable organ, booksof songs- and Bibles for collectivereading.The first of" these wheeled churcheswill leave here early In May for theiumber camps above Snoqualmie. Thepastor in charge of the first chapelwill be ,-a student from- the Collegeof Puget Sound (Tacoma) Theologicalschool.A Good Reputation plusa Better Price - I0.90f9N feapRftHE new low mark of $10.90for the 30 x 3V2 size "Usco?'.created something of sen- -sation.Naturally the first -impulsive remark was on the "wonderful price.,,Even more to the point are the comments of today.People are getting more used to the$1090 price hut the "Usco" value isstill a cause for wonder.With thousands of $10.90 "Uscos" running today, every locality has had a chanceto check up on the surprising tire value.Let all these "Usco" Tires nowservirig their owners so well remind you of thisWhatever the price ofUsco," it has sot to deliver big value becauseit has always done so..United States Tiresare 5004 TiresBHB aAM&&E&2tk, ATirfW ?S, bE a -.bK&KbRbbK 5P?ir?-'3iSllbUjbBuk9b1 ' bB SMBBwlrTr(SiaHfb"HbbKw? HBacA'SHSAm L IMV gJMKMS?Hf5yiTenn m$mm &aJ&tir n3Mz!r&(Mt$1.0& 1 BBB BBB BBJB MH JU BB h-'-Ht.J' CTKM BWi,, . charaedAfm$IM8SBsiUnited States Tires :&M XUnited States .Rubber Company Mmmy iFxfly-ihreo Tkz Oldest and Largest Two hundred and BBBBF5rfFiZr ,Factories Rubber Organization tn the World thirtvfive Branehei !BBBKS!?Bgal"y A-" ' "WrrmWBr aB&SSmpr J :1 ' 5MFL .a .Copyright1922U. S. Tire Co.IWkkkkkikkkkkkkkkkkkKkkkkkWWkkWkkikkWkYkWkWkwwWhere-You MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., Millersburg, Ky.Can Buv RUGGLES MOTOR CO., Paris, Ky..U.S.Tiress;WHITE FRONT GARAGE, Pari, Ky.We Have a Large Stock of Monuments onHand Ready to DeliverWe have reduced the prices on those en hsnd and we guarantee to give quality andbetter prices than anyone from anywhere. Ccme and see and be convinced. No duplicates at these prices.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO., Paris, Ky.NEW INVENTION MAY"" KENTUCKIANENEICHWooden Leg as Flask.Spartanburg, . O. The storieduses of adversity" proved -anythingbut sweet the other day for Alex Ballenger, a- one-legged SpartanburgNegro. JVhen as faint and muffled"splash, splash" was heard to acqpmi)any him ,as he -hobbled "down Mainstreet a goiiceiaraiow:auin mrA.station a cache In his wooden legfound to, contain a pint of liquor.at wenrst recital jt tiie.stn-J'found to, contain a p!nt:of liquor;rttof lntoilciurt.acneIwae"r1fiore "Multitudinous railroad wrecksdue to splits fewitclies will becomeobsolete if the wheel replacer in-'vention by J. B. Compton, of Nor-mal, Ky., and Just patented fulfillsexpectations. The Great Northern 'Railway has brought a three-eighthsinterest and the device is being tried ,out on Minnesota lines. If generally !adopted, the invention would suddenly "advance the Normal, Ky.,lick-keeper to the millionaire cless. 1it is said. The replacer is secured 'at the butt of a switch and, in theevent of a split, does just what itsnamed indicates.When youfeeTSssfrnervous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign youneed MOTT'S NERVER1NEPILLS. Theyerenew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills $2WILLIAMS MFG. CO. Prop., Cleveland, O.For Sale ByOBEBDOEFEE, THE DBUG&ISTBanner. Lyeiseasy to useNo other lye Is packed so safely ana conveniently, oris so economicalnot a bit wasted.Neither lye or soap cleans and disinfectsbo easily and thoroughly as Banner Lve, Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless!the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever knowiu Use it for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, for softening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut In half.Makes pure soapand savt JMMy feiwW . A can' of.tinmen, e$ pouoas 01 Kitchen VMm;smIssaoporaoj;alloosoloftaoao. ,''-'-'mrrr .a. . rr ,-"- -----WfW Mfor miUL T rJ7ZS?Hall DestroysMillions of Dollar scand othear tobacco Of J W M3 O W W Wstates within therun I" Tmn! May Get Yours Any Daylions of dollars with only a small part covered by insurance.Yet, the amount of insurance received by growers who had theforesight thus to protect themselves against such loss, wasenormous and should make every grower not only feel thenecessity of insuring his tobacco crop against hail storms lossbut to do that yery thing and do it at once.What Dr. Halley Says: &$J&J toperative Association, upon congratulating an insurance company on lowering its rates on tobacco hail insurance, said,"Within the period that I have had hail insurance I have hadfour severe losses. The money I received exceeded consider-ably-whatI paid in, to say nothing of my peace of mind thatI was fully protected in case of a storm. I have always advocated carrying hail insurance on tobacco without which everygrower takes a chance to lose all. With it he can, in safety, gointo the business of producing a crop which requires, as doestobacco, so much labor, time and money.Now that the Burley Growers have gone into an organizationto handle their business in a modern economic business-likeway, I see no reason why all growers can not take out insuranceon the reduced rates the companies are now quoting.'Look up the insurance agent in your section now, and let himprotect you against the loss of your tobacco. Policies effectiveJuly 10th, noon.4?Five-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station messages iiFIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or less.-USE HOME LONG DISTANCEWrU Home Wplui TJnf.pl CtS.i'fi r. . &": ' - rr-'i -?zrz- -fir?- j"..c5ff z.jTS: -tCl. jRvV" Z "f .a-." tfiWT7tJ'K:nwPisTiisiftrwiHrsTMsiieafjsHlBlTtcmnmmmmamm1fmi&&z.i&na -i --:? - !! . -t7Hg Boparie;tF?fcyaGOULD HARDLYSTAND AT TIMESHips, Back and Legs WouldHave That Tired Ache"Everett. Washington. " For sexrrlyears I have had trouble with the lowestpari 01 my oacic andmy nips ana my legswould ache with thattired ache. I could.hardly stand on myxect at Times, lwasalwava able to do mvwork although I didnot feel good. I sawijyaiari. aniaiam'8Vegetable Compound advertised andnavingheard severalpraise it I decided totry it. I feel first-rate "at the presenttime. It has done wonders for me andI keep it in the house right along. Ialways recommend it to others who aresick and ailing." Mrs. J. M. Sibbert,4032 High St., Everett, Washington.To do any kindt)f work, or to play forthat matter, is next to impossible if youare suffering from some form of femaletrouble. It may cause your back or yourlegs to ache, it may make you nervousand irritable. You may be able to keepup and around, but you do not feel good.Lydia E. PinkhanVs Vegetable Compound is a medicine for women. It isespecially adapted to relieve the causeof the trouble and then these annoyingpains aches and "no good " feelingsdisappear.It has done this for mafiy, many women; why not give it a fair trial now-Character Formed by Reading.As '.hardly anything can accidentallytouch lhesoft clay without stampingits mark on it, so hardly any readingcan interest a child, without contributing in. some degree, though the bookItself be afterward totally forgotten,to form -the Hm meter. Whately.oThose That Sit Around and Walt.Every dog will have his Gay, butfor many a dog it is merely bis funeral day.TcmTTillllllllllllllmujigggim ,ft '-IBIt mMake Your Dollars Go FartherStation to station Long Distance telephone service enables you to make morecalls at less cost.JThe rate forstation to stationcalls made between 8 :30P.M.and midnight isone - half of the''day rate.Between midnight and 4:30 A. M. thrate for station to station calls is one-fourthsof the day rate.Try it. Ask. Long Distance for rates.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated.)8k)7cC- TIKE tfN.CERSAL CARDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922-haS?8- ,.....$285Runabout tA... !"....:..- 319Touring Car........... ?.......... 7 348Truck Chassis 430Coupe '7 conSedan(FO. B.IMOTORlCOIVIPATNYt jr& :pI.T.SCKObli'io"AVl;l!UlT. EEECTIOM- .' U-Js J: LZgAn "active part in the primaryelection in State ofPWashington is'to be taken .by the "Bible Fellowship of Washington, an organizationof representatives of Protestantchurches, in an announced "effort tocompel both ""the Democratic andRepublican parties to take affirmative or negative stand on the question of admitting the Bible, "to thepublio schools, R. L. Edmison, president of the organization, declaredxecently. - - -As set forth inits printed matter,the object of the Bible fellowshipis "to remove lesral barrierR tn rending the Bible in the public schoolsofth.e State."oTJSEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we -are nowcarrying a stock if the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one" or a dozen at a time. Thisis a. fine linen bon"dpaper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS.DrWaddellsPile RemedyDon't Suffer-Don't be OperatedIB ntM yu br trid Ur. WaddelTsnURasMdy. Absolutely hannlM. Gumto gin Absolute- MrtMfacboii orMtocWd. $1.50iMrbtftW at your: If not write ma.ledicineto.Sm'rthsOroVe.Ky.h.I645DETROIT)-?-i. isl-" ..-..-" Tiw u w"irruE,EXATJIJBT v-- a- if 'j j r i li miWElTEEi r T- " :u.Newspaper headlines h.avecome inrecently for a considerable share ofblame for the present conditions ofunrest.- The point made is thatgreat flaring type spread ver eightcolumns of the -front page induce ounsettlement; that readers get the"jumps" from taking them at facevalue; that no man can think notmally and rationally about the contents of the article he reads when hestarts it under the influence of aheadline writer, who has, striven ,tojar himinto an excited fratne -ofmind. . 'The war was responsible, ofcourse, for the domination of thenews columns by the headlines. Itwas so big that only big -type seemedproper for its display,' and, havingonce- struck his stride, "winning afree and. unhampered field, it is.pretty difiicult to persuade the head-liner to come off his perch. In consequence he is still with, us, feedingus day by day very highly seasonedstuff, everything a crisis, making itsemowhat difiicult to sober down.Thegteel. strikes, gives him another opportunity, of which he willavail himself t othe limit centeringthe attention df the world on astruggle as if it were a prizefightthat might be more easily disposed of if it were not fought out inthe headlines, millions looking onand both sides keenly aware of the"gallery."'In the circumstances it may notbe amiss to warn readers againstthe ineradicable propensity of theheadliner to .feature "hot stuff,"something with a kick in it. Don'tconclude that the world is goingto the dogs because he yells at youso loudly. Take his verbal assaultcalmly. Often Iiis bark is worsethan his bite.a-bTTdTadvigeFirst Don't .Delay; .SecondDon't Experiment.Jf you suffer from backache;headaches or dizzy spells; if yourest poorly and are languid in themorning; if the kidney secretionsare irregular and unnatural "in appearance, do not delay. In suchcases the kidneys often need help.Doan's Kidney Pills are especially prepared for kidney trouble.They are recommended by thousands. Can Paris residents" desiremore convincing proof of their effectiveness than the' statement of aParis citizen who has used themand willingly testifies to theirworth?Mrs. J. N. Reynolds, 255 Winchester street, Paris, says: "I havefound Doan's Kidney Pills to dome more good than any remedy Ihave ever used and I"" recommendthem highly. I suffered from rheumatic pains and kidney trouble. Icould always tell when the weatherwas going to change as "my limbsbecame painful. I got dizzy, especially when I first got up in themorning and my kidneyh were notacting regularly. I was not long ingetting relief after I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills and felt betterin every way after taking them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Reynolds had. Foster-Mil-UnitedStates.-ITHE COUNTRY IS SOUNDThe result of the economic questionnaire sent to 8,000 Business andagricultural interests and newspapers throughout the 27 States composing the Mississippi Valley Territory, by the Mississippi Valley Association shows that the combinedsentiment of 3,000 returned questionnaires is expressive of the opinion that the individual 'and financialcondition of the business in theUnited States is basically sound;that the present depression in business is due to the universal demandof the public for lower living costs;that no additional system of creditsis needed; that the usual law of supply and demand has little bearing onthe present situation; that the pressof the country has given too muchpublicity to depressing rumors withregard to business; and urges atruthful statement of facts' concerning the business situation as . theright sort of propaganda to be disseminated to the public The composite thought and suggestions asexpressed in the questionnaire are toform a basis for the adoption by theMississippi Valley Association of 'aprogram of constructive thoughtand action tending to relieve theapparent business stagnation.2,173 a Day Join Church.. An average "of 2,173 persons a dasJoin the various churches in the UnitedStates - -S Louis- National -ball pjayersturned out with ladders in "theirtraining camp and nelned flrtf .. &iiKkflirptH hub t ih.-v .j.k,- - .'.vfAtinmmU..unu . LLLnunn FTWWQfTFOUND CURABLEProper Quantities - of JlnimalProtein in Diet Both Cure' and Preventive.TAKES HEAVY TOLL OF LIFEV.Scientists of United States PublicHealth Service Give Results ofMany Years' Study of DiseaseNeed Eggs and Meat. -Pellagra, a mysterious disease whichhas caused widespread, illness andtaken a heavy --toll of life in the UnitedStates and many countries of Europe,is caused' primarily by lack of animalprotein in tW diet, and is both preventable and curable by proper quantities of animal protein being includedin the diet, 'it is announced by theUnited States public health service.Doctors Goldberger and Tanner,surgeon and past assistant surgeon, respectively reporting the results ofmany years' study of the disease, assert that forty grams per day of beefor milk pr.oteins in' the diet -will, forpractically all normal individuals, prevent the contraction of 'pellagra. Thenecessary forty grams of animal protein are contained in about a halfpound of beef, or threl pints of milk.Must Get Enough."Thus it does not suffice,". says thereport, "merely to include milk ormeat in a diet to prevent pellagra. Thequantity of either of these or of otherlike foods, alone or as supplements,must be considerable to be effective.This may help to explain some of theinstances oiT pellagra in individuals,(including some of those very rareones in nursing infants), who are alleged to have had a 'good' diet. Theydid not consume enough for their particular needs."The following selected quotations setforth the logic of the situation as expressed by Goldberger and Tanner:"There is now at hand a considerable and convincing body of evidencein support of the view that diet is theprimary controlling factor in the prevention and causation of pellagra.""To begin with, account must betaken of the fact that no unequivocalevidence of the transmisslbility of thedisease' has yet been adduced.""Of outstanding significance are, onthe one hand, the demonstration thatpellagra may be completely preventedby means of a suitable diet, withoutintervention of any other known factor, hygienic or sanitary, and, on theother, the absence of any sound evidence that the disease is preventableby any other means."Referring to experimental work ona group of convicts, the report states,"At least 6 of 11 convicts who volunteered for the experiment and whosubsisted on a diet consisting principally of the cereals, wheat, maize, andrice, with pork fat and solne freshvegetables (sweet potatoes, turnips,cabbage, greens), developed evidencewhich experienced observers recognized as that of pellagra ; whereas, ofa large number of controls, none presented any evidence Justifying even a:suspicion of the disease.The Protein Factor."Thus, by . process of exclusionwe are led to conclude that of theknown .dietary essentials the proteinfactor alone was concerned in our failure to prevent the development of thecases herein cited. And if our interpretations are, as we believe, sound,(and if all dietary factors essentialin human nutrition are known) thefurther conclusion may properly bedrawn, namely that the dominatingrofe of diet in the prevention andcausation of pellagra must be referred primarily to the character ofthe protein supply."Some of' the perplexity and confusion will also be" prevented if it isnot forgotten that the biologicalquality of a protein and its adequacyin relation to pellagra may, and doubtless Irequently do, depend on the planeof intake. In our experience, a supplement of not over 40 grams of milkor beef proteins "will, for practicallyall normal individuals, adequatelysupplement a pellagra-producing mixture of proteins from maize, wheat,rice, and cowpeas, but 20 grams(representing somewhat over a pintof milk or a quarter of a pound ofround steak) may not do so."Infant Girl Swims Like a Duck.Sacramento, Calif. Two-year-oldVelnia Anderson fell into a pond threefeet deep near her home here. Shecame to tire surface and swam nearlyhalfway across the pond before hermother rescued -her.x .........-ttDon't Worry, Sweetheart;' I'll Escape In Two Years'Washington. "Don't worry,sweetheart, I'll escape inside oftwo years," Joseph Lauzon,charged with 200 burglaries herein the -last eighteen months, replied to the warm embrace ofthe woman who had -gone Intohis cell to bid him good-by theother day. Arrested, with him, butlater released, Miss VirginiaBetty Carroll told Lauzon: "Ifthey give you fifty years, I'llstill 'be waiting "for you when.yofi're free." - -l .you're free." - t I "" xIN ATTRACTIVE BOXES- AN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYIXIXHEX?IXriXIXIXBourbon LaundfyDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors -Telephone No. 4XJt ( RSRSs fe JThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyIXIBXiIX;XIII ! 1 1"H'4"M"M"M"H"H "M li ! .I"I''M"H1 1 M I f II MfrGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTHDay137HIHHf'WfHHmHUtftMtMlhMMrilllGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsyAkirAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring Work .KANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS- AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399LEVY- The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGSmall Chick FeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROMR. F. COLLIERCANDIESEX1West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpera we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.'AlTELEPHO N E S(Night299GET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is -the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatfwould take place. Come in and let'us figure on the job for you.Wt Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAIN...VVit!- - f-WZ-I rAi!FMLIi. r- J?1 '99'r-ttfttv-SJir., TMy.tnrohB1Mewsr-r.r - -7., .- . . -.- - "i ---w -r-, VMMtJ"iff aain4bisrrrr ' 2s -&"rc2-TA,- i rarr: jrrzvnth"& 5-2 - ..-"VtfjaVJr, , -rs- oL.$r- -a0jMPs.fej.! mM ,-, ,-. , , i i 1 1 i i 1 1 ii tk i kk9. - " V-a8- l? rt S !T ? " rJ'7:THE BOURBON NEWS - PARIS, KEtajJCEYPAGE EIGHTFRIDAY, JUlJ , lfaasIWt-VHi",. M1LLERSBURG1ttrftiiigIIews Items FromBoux-bon County's College TownDEATHSLife Is" But A Brief Span, A DebtThat "All Must PayZ- Mr. and Mrs. J. T Judy were-yisitors in Lexington, Tuesday.- ( Mr. Wallaca Beeding is visiting relatives in Whistleville, Tenn.' . Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Smith wereVisitors in Louisville the past week.M,iss Jessie Kerr, of Maysville,Is visiting her sister, Miss HazelKerr.Mr. George Wadell, of Louisyille, is guest 6f his brothers, T. P.knd W. D. Wadell.--Mr. and Mrs. Ollie Hurst wereguests of his brother 0. E. Hurst,3.nd wife, this week,Miss Elizabeth Mock has returned to her home in Ashland, after avisit to friends here.Mr. and Mrs. Newell and Miss"Strode were guests of A. C. Strodeand family this week.V Major W. R. Nelson and T. P.Wadell left Thursday for the Cumberland mountains on a fishing trip.Dr. G. D. Judy andVife, of Lexington, have returned home after avisifc with Dr. H. M. J3oxley andwife.Mr. and Mrs. JT. C. Carrico, of-Columbia, South Carolina, are visiting friends here. Mrs. Carrico wasformerly Miss Jennie Marie Pepper,-of this place.Bear- in mind the Chautauqua,-which will be held June 24-29. Buyreason tickets, thereby getting full'"benefit of the entire program. This:year .promises to be the best everheld here.oBOUKBON FABM CONDITIONS" Between the stripping of bluefeT grass seed crop, setting out tobacco'and gathering a rich crop of ripestrawberries, the farmers of Bourbon county finished one of the busiest!", weeks in their history. Veryfew of them have been to Paris except on short errands during the entire week. Every available laborerin the county has been given em--ployment,and in some instanceslabor has been so scarce that menhave been brought here from surrounding counties when the supply-exceeded the demand.Showers of the past week have"been of great benefit in giving the-tobacco plants a good start, but"liave delayed slightly the work ofstripping blue grass seed, but havedelayed slightly the work of stripstripping grass seed. Under the benign influences of sunshine and rain-all growing crops have taken on new"life and are growing "an inch anhour."A spirit of optimism continues to'prevail among the farmers andmerchants alike, and all are firmlyconvinced that the present year-will bring forth better times thanwe have had in this county for several years. v: o-.ALVERSON TO BUN AN INDEPENDENT PAPERGOREYFollowing long illness due toa complication of diseases, MissCassie Gorey, aged sixfy-one, formerly of Paris, died at eight o'clockyesterday morning at the home ofher sister, Mrs. A. C. Collins, inCovington. xMiss Gtorey was a daughter of thelate .Christopher and JohannaGorey, pioneer residents of Paris,who preceded her to the grave several years ago. For some monthsshe had been making her homewithher sister, Mrs. Collins.She is survived by one sister,Mrs. A. C. Collins, of Covington; andfive brothers, Rev. James L. Gorey,of Newport, John A Gorey, of Paris,Rebert C. Gorey, of Montgomery,Aalabama, Andrew J. 'Gorey, ofCovington, and Edward H. Gorey,of Paris.The funeral will be held 9t St.Mary's Cathedral, in Covington, at7:30 o'clock (city time), .Saturdaymorning, with services conducted byher brother, Rew Father James L.Gorey. The funeral cortege will arrive in Paris on . the Louisville &Nashville train from Covington at10:10 Saturday morning, and proceed direct to the Catholic Cjemetery, where the interment will'takeplace on the family lot. The pallbearers will be M. J.- Lavin, GeorgeDoyle, George McWilliams, DanJordan, John McCarthy, John R.Roche.". , ' ' ' .1 1 H K 1. -m mII FM- 1 t SKr HJ-" J Tm"' WLZn&RTRErmm ,&k m i vl WrI AND!2sOO tty 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.,fcV aPffk .-- JI Mi.- . I.JNm' PIP im ' mI JCOPERA HOUSElt I , 1B BB P7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c9 War Tax Inc.MATRIMONIALA. Eecord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go By.Here's a chance for the guessers to puton their thinking-capsand try to Hgure out who the younglady referred to below is: The Carlisle Mercury says:"While we are not at liberty todivulge names of the contractingparties, Madame Rumor is whispering about town that this week willsee the culmination & a pretty romance when the life of one of ourmost prominent young men will bejoined with that -of one of Bourboncounty's most popular young schoolteachers."Jesse M. Alverson, of Paris, whorecently bought the Harlan Enterprise from J. S. Roland, and whohas conducted newspapers in Stanford Georgetown, Lawrenceburgand Plemingsburg, and who, until afew years ago, was active in Statepolitics, in his salutatory statementBays:"We shall aim to run a strictlylive, independent newspaper in the-fullest sense of the meaning of these"words, conceding at the outset toihe dominent party in Harlan to-rule, asking in return only faithfulperformance by upright, efficientpublic officials, which we have everyreason to believe exists herein; assuring to each and his party nothing--but the fairest of treatment-at ouri.andsat all times, and under allcircumstances, with our columns always open to them; our every effortbeing to make a better and greaterHarlan, morally, civicly and industrially." oTHIRTY COUNTY PAIRS THISYEASThirty county fairs will be heldthis summer in different counties ofthe State, according to Commissioner of Agriculture W. C. Hanna.Jefferson and Rockcastle are theonly counties that will have twofairs each during" the summer. TheKentucky State Fair will be from-September 11 to 16 and prior to that.jthe Jefferson County Fair Companywill hold its annual fair at Beuchel-froin August 8 to 11. In Rockcastle-.county the Broadhead Fair will befrom August 16 to 18 and the Mt.yernon Fairxfrom August 9 to 11.The fairs will start some time in-July and will conclude about the'-middle of September. v"Counties which will hold fairs-this year are Anderson, Barren,Boone, Boyle, Bullitt, Campbell,-Casey, Christian, Daviess, Fayette,Fleming, Henderson, Jackson, Jefferson, Kenton, Knox, LaRue.3L,aurel, Madison, Mason, Mercer,"Montgomery, Pulaski, Rockcastle,Shelby, Spencer, Union, Warren and"Washingfon., oA confectionery trade paper saysthat some undertakers are now carrying a sideline of candy. Styxjcandy, probably.la China the farms average littlemi n&ii an acre in extentAnnouncements as follows" havebeen received by many friends:Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Adairannounce the marriage of their ,daughterAlice WornalltoMr. James William Plummeron Wednesday, June the seventhnineteen hundred and twenty-twoParis, KentuckyMATTERN SHEPHERDMiss Coranelle Mattern, ofFrankfort, President Harding's persoDal secretary, and stenographer,has announced her engagement toNorman B. Shepherd, of Washington, according to a dispatch fromWashington to the daily papers.The wedding will take place late inJune at the home of Miss Mattern'sbrother, Harry P. Mattern, in Cincinnati.BEDFORD ROGERSThe marriage of Miss HenriettaClay Bedford, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Matthew Hume Bedford, toMr. Fielding Grant Rogers, both ofBourbon county, will be solemnizedSaturday afternoon, June 17, at fiveo'clock, at the home ofUhe bride'sparents, in this city. kMisses Nancy Loveland and EllaBrown, of Lexington, will be MissBedford's bridesmaids. Little MissRebecca Payne, Marie Gay Payneand Nell Clay, of Paris, will be ribbon bearers. Mr. Henry Prewitt, ofMt. Sterling, will be the best man,and Mr. Richard Thomas, of Mt.Sterling, will be the groomsman.Miss Bedford was guest of honorrecently at a lovely afternoon bridgewith which Miss Frances Clay entertained at her home1 on the Winchester road near Paris. The housewas decorated with peomies andpoppies. Miss Clay wore printedcrepe de chine and Miss Bedfordwas gowned in coral tinted Georgette crepe heavily beaded. Thefirst prize, a dainty sewing basket,was won by Mrs. James Clay Ward,and the guest prize was a handpaintejl waste basket. Thirtyguests were included in the ospi-Jtality. -ADAIR PLUMMERA quiet, but beautiftilly impressive wedding was solemnized at St.Peter's Episcopal church, in Paris,Wednesday afternoon, when the rector, Rev. Walter S. Cain, pronouncedthe ceremony uniting in marriageMiss Alice W. Adair, of Paris, andMrv James W. Plummer, of Cynthiana. The wedding, in accordance withthe expressed wishes of the youngpeople, was a very quiet one, onlymembers of the two families and afew friends being present. The attendant were Mr. Milton Adair,brother of the bride, and Miss Nettye Jones, of near Paris.The bride, a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Percy Adair, of near Paris, isan accomplised and talented youngTO-DAY Don't Pay tie Penalty with Regrets! See Friday's Show Without Fail!JcssepVeL,BeSI; ETHEL CLAYTON in "BEYOND"To keep a sacred pledge to her dead mother, she goes to a foreign land to watch over a wayward brother, there isa storm at sea, wordreaches her husband she is lost believing her dead he re-marries Then she .returns! It's a beautiful story of woman's sacrificing love,Comtand See How it is Done! 03Wlllg 3 WW 0111911 111 HllfA 2-reel picture that will reveal to you upon tne screen just how the world's most sensational illusion is performed. See itby all means'PATME NEWS No, 37Tomorrow . SATURDAY Tomorrow"e,ro tts VIOLA DANA in "LIFE'S DARN FUNNY"A comedy drama filled with "pep," one that is bound to make you laugh and forget your troubles Don't miss it!"LET ME EXPLAIN" an Educational Comedy, and MUTT and JEFF in "STAMPEDE"2 Big Days MQNDAY AND TUESDAY 2 Big DaysHERE IT IS! THE GREATEST BOY PICTURE EVER MADETheKidEvery one from 2 to 102 will enjoy this wonderful picture It's bound to bring a heap of joy into your heart You know how naughtyrecK. s rau ruy wao en weie Usui uwc iu aa.j unwc uataic vjuugan yiaya cue uuaracter to perfection.Added AttractionBEBE PEGGY in "PEGGY BE GOOD" and PATHE REVIEW"PECK'S BAD BO Y" stag Jackie Cooganwoman, with a host 6i warm friendsin this and surrounding counties,and a general favorite among herassociates. Mr. Plummer is the sonof Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Plummer, of,Cynthiana, where he is engaged inbusiness.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. jPlummer left for a short weddingtrip, keeping their destination asecret. On their return they will beat home in Cynthiana to theirfriends.BIRTHSSUIT TO TEST THE REGISTRATION LAWA suit to test the constitutionality of the Smith-Minor general registration law is expected to be started in the Franklin Circuit Courtwithin a few days, it was learnedyesterday. The report, which wasregarded as authentic, did not statewho would be th plaintiff in thesuit, nor the exact time when itwill be filed.In order to bring the questioninto the court for prompt determination, the suit, it was reported, willtake the form of an injunction suitto prevent Fred A. Vaughn from distributing the registration books nowbeing printed in Louisville. Thebooks must be distributed to thecounties by July 1 in order thatthey may be in the hands of theregistration officials for use on thefirst Monday and Tuesday in July.oM0RVICH AND SNOB H MAY MEETIN RACEp Near Paris, to the wife of Geo.Fulkner, a daughter.Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Glass arereceiving congratulations upon theadvent of a lovely little daughter,born at the Massie Memorial Hospital, on Monday. .Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Sayle, formerly of Paris, are the proud parents of a little daughter, who arrived recently at the home of Mrs.Sayle's parents, Mr. and Mrs. HenryGalbraith, in Carlisle. The littlelady has been named Edna RaySayle.Denmark has an insurance company for old maids-LODGE NOTESThe annual Memorial Day exercises of the local lodges Knights ofPythias, will be held at the ParisCemetery Sunday afternoon. Members of the Uniform Rank, RathboneLodge and the Pythian Sisters, willmeet at Castle Hall at 1:45 o'clock,and march to the Cemetery. Members of the Cynthiana lodges willtake part in the 'proceedings.If "you feel tired, worn out, nervous and alUunstrung, take Tanlac.It will straighten you out. Tanlacis sold by all good druggists.Australia is theworld'sproducer of wool.largestWILLTEST ANTI-TRADIN&STAMP LAWThe first step in a fight againstthe anti-trading stamp law camewhen J. Bacon & Sons, Louisvilledealers, filed suit in Circuit Courtto enjoin Commonwealth's Attorney J. Matt Chilton from prosecuting any action that, ma'y be instituted against the plaintiff for thegiving of trading stamps.Hearing on the motion for a temporary restraining- order against thedefendant officials will be heard Friday morning by Chancellor LafonAllen. Lawton and Chilton wereserved with notice of the suitOther large concerns which givetrading stamps are expected to filesimilar suits.The possibility of a meeting between Morvich, Benjamin .Block'sunbeaten colt, and Snob II, J. S.Cosden's imported sensation, considered by turf followers the fleetestthree-year-olds of the season,loomed up as a result of the announcement by Fred Burlew, Morvich's trainer, that he was pointingthe colt for the Carlton stakes atAcqueduct June 17.Snob's entry in the race, whichis limited to three-years-olds, andover a distance of a mile, was by nomeans certain, but if the winner ofthe historic Withers stakes is successful in the $50,000 Belmontnext Saturday there is a strong possibility that the rivals will meetfor the first time.Burlew's decision assured Easternrace followers their first glimpsethis season of the Kentucky Derbywinner before he is sent to Latoniafor the $50,000 Special" and theDerby.Matt J. Winn, general managerof the Kentucky" Jockey Club, announced during the recent racemeeting- at Louisville, that he hadbeen advised by owners Block andCosden that, present conditionsholding, both Morvich and Snob IIwould go to the post in the $50,000Special race at Latonia, Saturday,!June 24.TEACHERS' aiTALmCATIONS AREDEFINED BY C0LVINIn reply to inquiries relative tothe qualifications- of teachers in accredited high schools, George Colvin, State Superintendent of PublicInstruction, issued a circular latterof explanation. "A teacher must holda certificate which entitles him toteach in a public high school," theletter says. "This certificate mustbe in full force when the contractis made and must. not expire duringthe school term."Better ShoesBetter StylesLess PricesWonderful Specials ThisWeekTrue economy in every pair you buy at this store. Extremenew novelties in Summer Footwear for the entire family.PATENTS-WHITE-TANNowv on ale at a great saving in price. Come this week buy atPARIS' GREATEST SHOE STORE and save a third of your shoemoney. Below are a few of our great specialsMen's $3.00 tan work lace shoes, allsizes. SpecialLadies' whUe Canvas and Lace Oxfords and Straps. Special .. . . .$1.85$1.99$2.99A great line of ladies' and growinggirls' new style Patent Strap Slippers; rubber heels. Special . . .Great Specials Ladies' new stylesatin strap Slippers. Flat, low heels,j aaalso in patent leather. On sale at . . J.iJJJMisses' and Children's $3.00 patentand. tan , slippers, all sizes.- On salejat$1.95Hisses' and Children's BarefootSandals and Play Oxfords. Great 4 A J-Values at 99c- andrY. J I .ZtSale of Men's' Shoes, ?6.00 values,tan and black, English and Blucher a ATstyle. Sale price )0i93DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reif nfl-. JV2T"WJ-1? - $P$V-V-