5VVIf7iV AW:? '-1!.. A-. iftPUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLI1PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1922" ,- V i! - J- fc. iTHE.BBw n BBBBBBIBB , .BBBk r g?5W 5m IWM.'iBBP w MMyHmi mMh xj Bk. tnk ,. -jafc 'riiL -a v ct . . js.cIfEWSrBBB. . BBB ' BBBBl B' .BBBBBBBV T " ...fiXS' tT 7U4T t Tl. '?VWVB H W BB HIH ,BWB& BH BB BB BBBfBBW B.Bf TB-Br" I -Bi H-LBf 'VBL. W I Bb!VjPAEIS BOYS SUED FOR $42,000.John Clay and Robert Burnett,of Paris, were named defendants intwo damage suits filed in FayetteCircuit Court recently, totaling morethan $42,000 as a result of an automobile accident on the Paris pikelast April, in which Victor Adamswas killed, and William Jennigs seriously injured."H. L. McLean, administrator forthe Adams estate, brought suit for$30,000 for the death of Adams andJennings sued for $12,388 for damages and hospital and doctor's bills.Adams was a member of the firm ofAdams and Young, motorcycle dealers, and he and Jennings were returning from the funeral of Adams'brother in Ohio when the collisionoccurred. Clay and Burnett weredischarged by County Judge E. H.Doak at their preliminary trial on a-manslaughter charge, the collisionbeing declared an accident. Allen,Botts and Duncan are attorneys forthe plaintiff in both suits.Following the unfortunate accident, Clay and Burnett voluntarily"went to Lexington and surrenderedto the authorities after renderingsuch aid as was possible to the twoinjured men. Both Clay and Burnett were exonorated from all"blame at the examining trial, it being shown, it is said, that they werenot at fault.AUCTION SALE OF COL. BESTHOME.BEAD THE BIG DISPLAY ADVERTISEMENT ELSEWHERE INTHIS PAPER, OF THE AUCTIONSALE OF COL. C. M. BEST'S BEAUTIFUL HOME IN MELLERSBURG,TO-DAY, TUESDAY, JULY 25, AT2:30 O'CLOCK.PICTUREPROGRAM ATAND GRANDALAMOTo-day, Tuesday, July 25 MayMcAvoy, in "A Virginia Courtship; Pathe Weekly; GreenhornComedy; Added Attraction Mile.Toinette Garard, Mezzo Soprano.To-morrow,. Wednesday, July 26Constance Binney in "Midnight;"Pathe Weekly; Educational Comedy,"Greenhorn."Thaursday, July 27 Milton Sillsand Lois Wilson, "Miss Lucy Bett;"serial, "Go-Get-Em-Hutch;" SnubPollard Comedy, "Do Me A Favor."WELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)"THE PRIDE OF PARIS"OUR BUYERS NOW IN THE MARKETMADE SOME REMARKABLE PURCHASES250 Gingham DressesFor Street Bungalow and Porch French andFins Tissues Some worth to $7.00$2.98 and $3.98Sizes to 48$13.50 and $15.00Fine VoilesSizes 42 1-2 to 541-2$7.95Dark Colors -V"rImported NormandyDotted SwissesValues to $16.504 c $9.85 . - vr : All SizesV-IVoile DressesDark Colors$5.00Silk Foulards.Regular sizes also in stouts Values to $50,00 at$28.50 to $34.504$&$&iJcORHOHATei'DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYi - .5 sJ-vCOMING AUGUST PRIMARY EX- STATE TRAPSH00TERS MEETINGCITES LITTLE INTEREST I! The State meeting of the TrapSo far the primary election to be shooters' League, which began atheld on August 5 has made scarcely the Hilltop Gun Club grounds, ona ripple on the quiet of the elector- Alfred Clay farm, near Escondida,ate in this county. I Tuesday, ended Thursday4 evening,The only race in the Democratic when Woolfolk Henderson, of Lexranks is that for Judge of the Court ington, again demonstrated his abilof Appeals, the candidates being ity as a marksman. Mr. HendersonJudge D. A. McCandless, of Mun-'won the State championship byfordsville, and Hobson L. James, of1 breaking 199 out of 200 targets.Elizabethtown. Their names- will Mr. Henderson had previously wonappear on the ballot in that order, the State Handicap by breaking 97R. Lee Murphy, of Lexington, who 'out of 100 targets. 'was defeated in the race for Con-1 The State all-around championgress against the present incumbent, - ship was won by A. B. Harris, ofJ. Campbell Cantrill, will be a can-diaate againstAugust.Mr. Cantrill in.The lassitude of the voters is evident from the fact that there arebut few predictions being made asto the winners. Some are of ,. theopinion that Mr. Cantrill will havean easy victory over his opponent,while others are inclined to theopinion that Murphy will poll amuch larger vote this time. Theonly thing the political sharps aresure of is that there will be a verylight vote polled.oNEGROES FORCIBLY ENTER WOMAN'S HOMESheriff M. Peale Collier received atelephone call Friday from Mrs.Dudley Caswell, who stated thatthree negroes had forcibly enteredher home on the Lewis Rogers place,near Monterey. The 'men came tothe Caswell home"4 while Mr. Caswell was away, and demanded admittance. Upon receiving no answer they broke a clutch on the door,and entering, commanded Mrs. Caswell to give them their dinner.Mrs. Caswell complied, and the negroes lef t the house after eating.Sheriff Collier and Deputy SheriffsGibson and Gilkey searched the vicinity, but were unable to locatethe negroes.-0CHANGE OF TIME TABLEBus for North Middletown andMt. Sterling leaves now S:20 a. m.,4:45 p. m. Be sure to take the yellow bus from bus station.(18-2t) F. WECKESSER.oREAD KENTON SALE ADRead display ad in this issue.Public sale of cottage of Mrs. E. L.Kenton, 234 Lilleston avenue, Tuesday, August 2, at 2:00 p. m., byHarris, Speakes & Harris.(21-3t)4'MV"S--( Louisville, with a total of 340 out of3 50. Mr. Harris also won the Statedoubles championship, with a scoreof 48 out of fifty targets.The professional championshipwas won by M. J. Morton, of Louisville, with a score of 188 out of 200.Homer Clark, of Alton, 111., securedthe high professional championshipby making a perfect score of 300 at16-yard targets. Mr. Clark alsomade the high grade average of themeeting, with 441 out of 450.Miss Georgianna Hobson, fifteen-vear-oldshooter, of "Rnwline- Orppn.i - ' 'won the State championship trophyfor women, breaking 159 out of 200targets shot at. A. L. Buckner, ofParis, won the junior chapionshipof Kentucky by breaking 90 out of100 targets. 'The meeting was a most successful one from all standpoints, andbrought to Paris a large number ofnote'd trap shooters from differentparts of -the country, many from along distance. Secretary RoxieDavis, of the Bourbon Gun Club, waseverywhere at once and saw that everything on the program went alongnicely.A delicious dinner, comprising oldcountry ham, fried chicken, barbecued mutton, and other tempting articles of food, was served each dayby the ladies of the North Middletown Christian church.At the conclusion of the tournament a business meeting was heldand the following officers were chosen for the year: J. Cftmicy Ward, ofParis, president; Ben D. Goff, ofWinchester, vice-president; W. I.Morton, of Louisvillle, secretary andtreasurer.The visitors who took part in thethree-days tournament included thefollowing:Geo. A. Hobson, Bowling Green;Miss Hobson, Bowling Green; J. L.Griggs, Louisville; Homer Clarlc,Alton, 111.; B. Ashcraft, Covington;Dr. Wm. Shattuck, Coal Grove, O.;Dr. J. A. Simpson, Maysville; TomOzment, Harrodsburg; 111.; B.Ashe,Harrisburg, 111.; W. Hawkins, Harrisburg, 111.; H. B. Kilmer, Harrisburg, 111.; H. E Anderson, Louisville; W. J. Pickett, Montgomery,Ala.; Harry Skinner, Lexington;Judge Jas. B. Denny, Lexington;Woolfolk Henderson, Lexington; A.B. Harris, Louisville; John D. Nash,Versailles; C. E. Calloway,- Lexington; T. H. Fox, Louisville; J. Q.Ward, Cynthiana; W. J. Pickett,Montgomery, Ala.; Ben Goff, Winchester; F. B. Hillis, Lexington; W.H. Hall, Maysville; Ben Hisle, Lexington; Harry Herndon, Georgetown; Z. J. C. Offutt, Louisville; U.I. Morton, Louisville; H. J. Godecker, Louisville; Mrs. H. J. Godecker, Louisville; Homer Kerr,Gallapolis O.; John Taylor, Cincinnati; B. P. Reny, Cincinnati; Dr.McNamara, Louisville; J. M. Scott,Ijouisville; J C. Bond, Louisville;R. G. Callis, Louisville; C. O. LeComple, Louisville; Fred Booker,Louisville; B. J. Robertson, Louisville; P. B. Plummer, Chattanooga;J. B. Lallance, Huntington, W. Va.;B. Ashcraft, Latonia; Mr. Griggs,Latonia . , fcj ? iMOKGAN'S MEN EEUNI0Nv Col. Horace M. Taylor, of Carlisle,secretary of the Morgan's Men Reunion Association, was in Paris, Saturday, as a guest of old friends andcomrades. While here Col. Taylormade the announcement that the annual reunion of the Association willbe held at the Country Club, nearLexington, on August 15 and 16, instead of August 10 and 11, the datespreviously selected. Col. Taylor ispreparing a fine program, withwhich the "old boys" will be entertained during their two-days' meeting. HAH INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(july7 tf )ENTRANCE BLANKS FOR EENTUSKY STAKE RACESBluegrass horsemen are in receipt of the entrance blanks for theeleven stakes which will be contested for during the fall meeting of theKentucky Jockey Club. The Latonia Championship race -for -, three-year-oldi-keadi the .list witm ,$15000 aide moaey to the wiaith 1THE STRIKE SITUATIONThat the railroad shopmen havebeen preparing for the strike now inprogress since April, . 1921, andwaited fifteen months because of adesire to "accumulate enough grievances to support a demand for a nationwide strike," were statementsmade by P. J. Conlon, vice-presidentof the International Association ofMachinists, at a public mass meeting in Washington.Union officials learned April 8,1921, Mr. Conlon said, that thenational agreement with the railroads was to be abolished, althoughthe railroad labor board did not actuntil April 14.Asserting that the strike leaderswere well satisfied with the situation, Mr. Conlon said:"It generally takes from 30 to 60days to make a shop strike effective,but before this one had been on tendays, more than 250 trains has beencancelled out of Chicago, the WestVirginia non union coal mines werebottled up, and the iron and steelindustries were crying for help.And we have herdly started yet."No further action toward endingthe railroad shopmen's strike is contemplated by the United States Railroad Labor Board at this time, BenW. Hopper, chairman of the board,announced on his return from a conference with .President Harding, atWashington.rln discussing the hopes of a settlement, members 'of the labor boardreviewed the progress of the strikesince its inception on July 1. Theypointed out that the strike votewhich precipitated the countrywidewalkout was taken on three questions. These grievances were givenin a strike bulletin issued on July7 by Mr. Jewell.So far the only disorder that hasbeen connected with the local strikesituation happened Tuesday night,when it was alleged, a group ofshopmen after an argument withtwo non-union men, chased themfiom Sixth and Main streets to apoint on High street.A mass of conflicting rumors wasin circulation regarding the affair,same stating that the strikers hadbeaten up two men, others statingthat the men merely had an argument. The only tangible fact developed was that a warrant was issued and served on Henry Sapp, ofParis, charging him with havingstruck Harlan Buckler with a club.This was alleged to have been partof the disturbance which took placeat Sixth and Main. The shop workmen disclaim connection with theaffair, which rumor has connectedthem.They have consistently avoidedviolence, as being part of a bad pollicy, and if hotheads among theirmembers have overstepped thebounds, the majority disapprove ofit.Locally the strike is a standstill,with nothing developing, the shopmen calmly awaiting the result ofnegotiations in- progress betweenthe higher-ups, their National leaders, and the Labor Board.The ten thousand unionized railroad station agents will not be called out on strike, W. J. Noone, president of the organization, announcedat Chicago, yesterday afternoon, after a conference with E. L. McMenimen, labor member of the laborboard."I will instruct my men to remainat work and order that committeesconfer with the road managementsover all points at issue," he said.NEWS OF THE COURTSJames Shack, colored, who wasarrested recently by Sheriff M. PealeCollier and Patrolman George W.Judy, following a raid on his homein Claysville, where nine and onehalf gallons of moonshine whiskywere found, was tried in the CountyCourt before Judge George Batterton and a jury. The jury stoodthree for conviction, and three foracquital, the members finally declaring they could not coihe to anagreement. They were dischargedand Slack was placed under bondfor a second trial.During the examination by County Attorney D. D. Cline, Shack stated that he had not been at home fortwo weeks, but came home on theday the raid was made, to take abath. When asked how often hetook a bath Slack replied: "Aboutevery three weeks, and that's aplenty for anybody."oMEETINGOF BLUEGRASS SEEDMENA number of delegates from surrounding counties held a businessmeeting in Paris, Friday, for thepurpose of considering and fixing afair selling price for the bluegrassseed crop for 1923. Plans werediscussed, but no definite action wastaken. The meeting adjourned until to-day, when, the matter will betaken up for discussion amd consideration. Some of the most promtneat ftluegrass seed growers im Central-Keatuekyattetbtke ..BOURBON HORSES FOR SARATOGA SALESThe annual sales of the Fasig-Tipfon Sales Comnanv. will hPP-inat Saratoga, New York, on August5, when the offerings of A. B. Hancock, (Claiborne Farm), the BosqueBonita Stud, Chas. Nuckols, Keene& Black, Keene & Cleveland, andothers, will be sold. The sales willcontinue through August 29, atwhich time the dispersal sale of theBlue Ridge Stud will wind up thesales.On Friday, August 11, the offerings of Charlton Clay, A. B. Hancock, (Ellerslie Farm), and otherswill be sold, and on Thursdav. August 17, the crop of yearlings andcolts for the Xalapa Farm of Edward F. Simms, near Paris, will gounder the hammer. The Simms consignment was sent to Saratoga yesterday, while the Hancock produce,from Claiborne Farm, near Paris,will be shipped to-morrow.The following will make up theClaiborne Stud consignment of Mr.Hancock, which will go forward tomorow: Brown colt, bv Koek-View niarnAtkins; brown colt by Imp. AmbassadorBobolink II; bay colt byWrack Pietra; brown colt, byRock View Jane Straight- hsvcolt, by Imp. Ambassador BlueBallot; chestnut colt, hv Rnnt vioxxrSumptuous; brown colt by JimGaffney Fair Louise; brown coltbyJim Gaffney Darling; br. colt,b Jim" Gaffney Teacher; browncolt by Jim Gaffney Hindoo Dress;brown colt, by Jim Gaffney Damson; chestnut colt by Omar Khayyam Desirous; bay colt, by OmarKhayyam Honey Bee; brown colt,by Omar Khayyam Golding; chestnut colt, by Omar KhayyamPrude; chestnut colt, by OmarKhayyam Silent Queen; chestnutcolt, by Omar Khayyam Tea Biscuit; brown colt by Omar KhayyamMary Maude; chestnut colt, byumar Knayyam-r-Vignola; blackfilly, by Omar Khayyam Orowoc;chestnut filly, by Omar KhayyaniSand Dune; brown filly, by OmarKhayyam Dark Water; brownfilly, by Omar Khayyam Delft;chestnut filly, by Omar KhayamChemulpo; chestnut filly, by JimGaffney Lady Hampstead; blacknny, ny Kock View Trojan Belle;brow filly, by Wrack Censure; bayfilly, by Wrack Little Flower;brown filly, by Rock View Gold;bay fill, by Ballott Marchioness.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSBIGMID-SUMMERSALEThe crowds continue totake advantage of ourWONDERFULVALUESon allSUMMERMERCHANDISESpecial Prices on Ready-,to-,Wear Garments,FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSCHRISTIAN CHURCH C0YHTION HERE TO-DAYThe annual convention of tkeBourbon County Christian Churckeand Bible Schools, will sheld at the Paris Christian churcK.to-day and to-morrow, with an interesting program for each day. Tmopening session to-day will begislat 9:30 this morning'' with devo-tional exercises, led by Mrs. Robt'M. Hopkins. The program embracea variety of exercises, including addresses, discussions, reports of committees and special musical programs. Rev. W. E. Ellis, R. H,Ellett, N. H. Shropshire, Frank MlTinder, Ward Russell and layme.John W. Jones and William O. Hin-ton are on the program for addresses on subjects of interest tothe workers and church peoplegenerally.In the afternoon addresses by J.S. Hilton and Prof. W. C. Bower,following a special program, willfeature. The convention wilt adjourn at 3:30 p. m., until to-night,when an inspirational service willbe held at f:30 o'clock.To morrow the convention willopen with devotional exercises at9:30 o'clock, conducted by Mrs..Jos. D. Booth, followed by specialmusic, and addresses by F. M. Nutter and other State workers. In thafternoon following the busineesession, Mre. Walter Panye will leadthe devotional exercises. The remainder of the afternoon's programwill be devoted to 'roll call of soci-eties, answering with reports, addresses by SJate workers, and oth- ,ers. The convention will adjourn at3:15 Wednesday afternoon. ,ODD FELLOWS' WARDS TO TAKERIVER TRIPOne hundred and fifty-six children, wards of the Odd FellowsLodge of the State, from the Homeat Lexington, accompanied byGrand Master E. B. January, ofParis, will go to Frankfort today,where they will be taken on asteamer for a trip up the river, followed by a picnic to be given onthe river bank, several miles aboveFrankfort. The picnic -'and river.trip is given the young people bythe Odd Fellows lodges of Frankfort and Franklin county, and willbe a source of great pleasure to theboys and girls of the Home.? v cas -"-..'w (.1 ury w1i." 2-A$joS'ri,-"r' S,-w .?yc' ' ' -- vM xjlf v.t 'PAGE fWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY'TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1213THE BOURBON NEWS1Md 18f V-41 Years of Continuous 'publicationPiblkked Every Tuesday and FridayPtr Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.ffllT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.sstered at the Paris, Kentucky,PMUfle as Mail Matter of theSmobcI Class.)OUX FOREIGN BEPRESENTATIVES. .lew York American Press Asso-Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCnicinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Iiowman-Mnllican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 persicb. for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per line-aach issue; reading notices in blackys, 20 cents per line, each, issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-admilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates- for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon the.character, standing or reputation of-any person, firm or corporation-which may appear in the columnsf THE BOURBON NEWS will be-gladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSWe are of the humble opinionlhat if the modern Paris girl should-undertake the task of "comingthrough the rye," she would hardlyfind it high enough to touch the hemof her skirt."Why," asks a book critic, "do somany authors write mush," Why,an appreciator of mush may ask, doso many book critics slander goodvictuals trying to describe bad novels? . '"Whether or not the complexion ofxhe modern young xwoman is beautiful is an ever-increasing mystery,"but who cares what is the natural-color of an automobile if the enamels in good condition? 4J. know a man who smokes cigarettes,so often,It every cigarette makes a nail inhis coffin,The angels are shouting this veryminuteThat very, very soon they'll havehim in it.Art has its compensations. A NewYork girl sold a small painting of.a grain field for $1,500. Now, this-is just about twice as much as aBourbon county farmer and twogray mules could get for a forty-acre wheat crop that requires a year-.'to make.me sen-starting automoDiie is a-very great improvement upon itsforerunner, the hand-cranked automobile, but what the public wouldTlike to see just now is an automobilerihat would be absolutely noiseless,-whether containing noisy occupants--or standing still. Heaven bless the'inventive genius who shall give us:sach a thing.9The man who tries to intimidateZliis employees by raking them over-the coals, is a man who, in thatrsense, -carries a gun. So is the man-who depends on browbeating his associates, the one who depends oncussing out his workmen, the emJloyee who makes threats, the wo-zmsin who resorts to tears to win herargument, the one who depends onmagging to get her own way.Baseball enthusiasm has aboutreached its highest point in Paris,:yet the "fans" seem never to tire ofzthe great national game. The bul-Uetin boards are eagerly watched3for the scores in the BluegrassXeague games as well as those of the-American Association and the National League games. Baseball will-remain the greatest sport in the-world, as long as it is kept abovesuspicion, and the gamblers are notallowed to fasten their slimy talonson it.Did this happen in Paris? Wesay it did. Two girls, according to-our informant, entered a certainSParis barber shop, and as luck-would have it, the shop was empty."Now's onr chance," one. of themaid "bafore any mem come in." Shetabed imto the chair, and asked tofcaire bar kair bobbed. Duriar theOf the "oDtratioa" 8eVriaterea the place and waiUdbe called. The girls became confused,v and their faces flushed a deeppink. "Just our confounded luck,"one of them wailed, as they hurriedly left the shop. "Those horridmen sat there and grinned at us allthe time."I'd like to win an office, andHave plaudits raise the rafter,But I don't think that I could standVery, close investigation after.This is the vacation season andthe time when city folks are to bepitied. They flock to the countryin droves, and try to gain in a fewweeks or a month's time enoughfresh air and good to last them fora year, it would ne weiL,ii tney naalungs and a stomach like a camel.The conviction of several youngmen and women who indulge inspeeding on the streets of Pariswoiild, perhaps, serve as a warningin some other sections of Paris inwhich speeding is frequent a'nd flagrant. From Twelfth to Third onPleasant, and from Fourteenth toBroadway, on High street, and allMain street, as well as the intersecting streets, speeding is a common indulgence, and slowing downat intersections a very exceptionalhappening."Theyay" this happened at a recent dance in Paris: A young Parisman had been having a most enjoyable time making the rounds withthe dancing girls of his acquaintance. After being introduced tomost of the young people in theroom he noticed a sweet youngthing looking lonesome like, andasked to meet her. Mutual friendsarranged the matter. It was justafter the intermission, and theyoung woman's appetite had evidently not been satisfied. "Is yourprogram full?" asked the Paris boy."No, and it will take more than aham sandwich and a battle of nearbeer to fill my program," replied thesweet young thing.oBOURBON HORSES T0 GO TOSALESThe best bunch of highly bredyearling thoroughbred runners thatever left Kentucky will be shippedfrom Bourbon county at an earlydate by Arthur B. Hancock, masterof Claiborne Stud, near Paris, andEllerslie Stud, in Virginia, and byBen F. Buckner, Manager of EdwardF. Simms' wonderful Xalapa Stud,near this city. The colts will be soldat the Fasig-Tipton sales at Sheepshead Bay, New York, in August.Mr. Hancock's sale will beginAugust 4, when fifty-five head willbe disposed of, including the get ofthe great stallion Oram Khayyam.Omar Khayyam, son of Marco andLisma, was one of the most successful English horses that ever raced inthe United States. He won theTravers, Kenner, Kentucky Derbyand Lawrence Realization Stakesand the Saratoga Cup of 1917, andwas HourlesVs most formidable rivalfor the three-year-old crown.The produce of the Xalapa Farmof Edward F. Simms, near Paris,will be offered in the sales onThursday, August 17.At the close of the sales at Saratoga, Mr. Hancock will return toParis,, and with Mrs. Hancock, expects to sail for England from whichthey will make a tour of Europe, returning to the States in the late fall."MAN WANTS BUT LITTLEBELOW""Man wants but little here below." He wants his meals cooked justright, and composed of the particular things, he likes to eat. He wantshis clothes kept in perfect order,and the buttons sewed on. He wantsto get up .when he gets ready, andthen he wants to swear because hemisses his usual car. He wants tobe grouchy when he comes home andnot have it mentioned. He wants toleave his coat and hat and shoesjust where he happens to take themoff when he comes in. He wants hisslippers right in a certain placewhere he can find them without effort. He wants to put the ashesfrom his cigar in the most convenlent pace while he smokes. Hewants to yawn and go to bed whenhis wife wants him to go out withher and make a call. He wantsit, and he wants to talk about it.NEW POULTRY BOOKLET READYFOR FARMERS"Helpful Hints for Poultrymen,"is the title of the latest publicationfrom the College of Agriculture, thenew booklet being ready for freedistribution to interested farmersand poultrymen. It answers thequestion, "Which is the best breedof chickens?" and then gives a detailed discussion of such things asselecting layers, breeding for eggs,culling, management hints, feedinglaying hens, chick feeding, artificialbrooding, fattening, housing andpoultry pests and diseases. The booklet, which also contains a list of ref-renece bulletins and circulars, may Jue ootamea iree by writing the Experiment Station at Lexington.oA camera tkat photographs noisesis the inrention of an Enrlish nJ ' W .! W tfi Jy.-St-Eq" il. h .STBEET FAKERSA.One of the great American institutions that is in danger of becoming extinct is the old-time streetfaker, as truly a Yankee product asaple pie, baseball, the circus andblack-face minstrels.Old-timers may have noticed something lacking this spring, and notbeen sure just what it was. Whatthey miss is the street faker.Montague Silver, "greatest streetman west of the Alleghenies" andtypical of his profession, rises inmemory.It is a warm June evening, backyonder in the old home town. Montague's big red gypsy wagon is parked in' the public square.Towering above the half-awedhalf-jubilant faces of the populaceis Montague himself, beaver hat,frock coat, checkered vest," goateeand all including one of the Brazilian diamonds, large as a hickorynut, which Monty carried in stock.Under the flickering light of abanjo-shaped gasoline torch the 4 oldstreet faker dispensed Wa-Wa, "theremedy whose formula I procuredwhile a captive among the Sioux Indians." When interest in tonic of 98-per-cent-alcoholstrength waned, Montybrought forth razors, combinationhandy tools, eight handkerchiefs fora quarter, and the Little GiantPrize Packet that included everything under the sun, especially atrick ring for squirting perfume ina friend's eye.Usually a street faker "came regularly once a year," but rarelytwice to the same town, especiallywhen the Chinese peach trees he leftbehind turned out to be dogwood orblackhaws.The street faker flourished beforethe days of scientific salesmanship,of which he was the original discoverer, and many a "captain of industry" owes much of his sellingability to boyhood evenings listening under the gasoline torch.To gather the crowd together andhold them when they grew restlessand showed signs of drifting awayto poolroom or homes, there was ablack-faced entertainer who told thejoke about the mule breaking its legwhen it kicked mother-in-law in thejaw.The lninstrrel's sure-fire was theold-time favorite song, "My Gal's aHigh-BornLady."Once in a while, these days, yousee a Montague Silver and his blackface entertainer passing out theirplunder from a wagon. But mostlythe street fakr does business from asuit-case-sized stand, cramped in abusiness district nook or a sidestreet gutter.The game isn't what it used to be.The street fakers had too much business ability to continue on a smallscale; they branched out. Then,too, it's hard to get a street crowdtogether in these days when pedestrians have nearly all taken to autos, nobody walking.The street faker is vanishing intomemory, where he stands out clearand conspicious, enticing, likable, amonument to the simple pleasuresand thrills of days when Bryan wasj a young man and his chamions werevowing not to get their hair cut until he entered the White House asPresident.BLACKBERRY CROP FAILUREAdvices from Nicholas countystate that the blackberry crop inthat county is almest a failure, onaccount of the dry weather prevailing when the berries were ripening.The supply on the Paris market hasbeen limited and selling at an average of $1.00 per bucketThe soaring prices of sugar forpreserving and the scarcity of theberries has resulted in a curtailmentof the stock of preserves usually putup by Bourbon county housekeepers.Berries have been coming to themarket from the mountain counties,though in small quantities, andbringing good prices.BOURBON HAS 21 PIS0NERS IN"PEN"Of the 65 counties that have 'prisoners in the State Reformatory atFrankfort, Jefferson county, with277, is the best represented, andFayette, with 123, is second, according to records in the office of Warden H. V. Bastin. The total number in the reformatory June 30 was1,511.Bourbon county is officially credited with twenty-one prisoners inthe Warden's care.oWhy Should He Be Surprised?Culture will crop out A Eosfgolf playerwrltes to the Outlook telling how his caddie gave him a bit ofa surprise. The golfer had played hisball into the rough, and they hadabout given it up for lost, when suddenly xthe youngster's eye lit upon it.Did he holler, ungrammatically fgot it, mister"? Not this lad. Raisingthe ball aloft, he Exclaimed triumph.Ultly: "'Mfrnhlle rloi, i. -S.m-it's found PBoston TranscriptNinety-eight per cent of Ameri-c&M';1ni4iiafri' "AThnl'nv 'iJ!- W.. rt- ,mw tfi.VJ .! vunu j.vw,vA MEDIATION FOE OUT OF DOORSSomewhere in the collected letters of CharlesTJarwin, if memorjrdoes not lead us astray, the greatfriend and interpreter of Nature confesses to a strange stirring of hissoul as he stood beneath the mightytrees of the Amazon forest. Therecame to him, if not a sense of God,at least a quickening of dormantspiritual perceptions, an involuntaryquestion for the mystery which laybeyond the realm of his knowledge.It is not surprising that this man,who had the intellect of genius andthe simple heart of a child, shouldhave felt so movingly the influenceof a-vast solitude and the inspiration of his lofty companions. Onlythe mind and heart which have succumbed utterly to the deadeningprocess of materialistic living can beunaffected by the witchery of Nasure's silence or the appeal of hergiant children, who stretch theirarms heavenward in eager gesturefor more light.Greatest among the blessings ofthe summer time is the chance whichcomes to many of us to escape fromthe things builded by man's labor,and to seek the comradeship whichawaits us in the remoter out ofdoors.And no comradeship beneath theskies is more rewarding to the discerning mind and the responsivesoul than that of trees.Let the eye follow some tall oakfrom its deep-rooted base to leafysummits. Let the mind picture theslow growth upward, from the slender sapling, overtopped by underbrush, until the thickening stem becomes a stout, aspiring trunk, lifting its green hands in glad greetingto the sun.Strongly it held to the soil, fromwhich it was begotten. Bending tothe wind in its youth, it yet maintained its integrity, and ever pushed toward the welcoming blue.This is not a mere poetic fancy.It is profound truth, to which thefacts of science bear witness. Thereis a skyward urge in the life of trees.It needs the upper air and the sunlight as surely" as it needs the earthand its moisture. Leaves are as necessary to its thriving as rootsDo we think of them as vestureonly, as a beautiful adornment,designed for the pleasing of the eye?Is the tree but setting us the fashion of decking starkness with colored draper.y?More, far more, than that is thesignificance of foliage. We spoke amoment ago of "green hands liftedin glad greeting to the sun," of"arms stretched heavenward in eager gesture for light." And theseare not merely pretty phrases.They are the very truth about theleaves. By a chemistry more magical than that of any human laboratory they derive from the sunlightan energy without which the life ofthe tree could not endure. It wasfor this the stem thickened.- It is inthe upper air, above the showing environment, that the irresistible urgeof the tree finds answer.There are heights it can not reach.Far above it the sun soars; far aboveit the blue sky. arches. But it livesin their light. It spreads widely itsfoliage and takes gratefully theirbounty. It is not forgetful of thesoil, but the sunshine is its goal.So William Cullen Bryan wrote:Father, Thy hand.Hath reared these verdant columns,ThouDidst weave this verdant roof. Thoudidst look downUpon the naked earth, and forthwith, roseAll these fair ranks of trees. They,in Thy sun,TBudded and shook their green leavesin Thy breeze,And shot toward Heaven.Go out to-day, or to-morrow, -ornext Sunday andvjook upon thetrees. Rejoice in their beauty.Note the mingling of strength andgrace. Mark the charm of interlacing branches and the play of sunand shadow on the leaves. Anfl, foryour own soul get its meaning.Man, no less than the trees, wasmade for God's light, and nothingbut His light will satisfy the urgewithin, or bring to full flower andfruitage the possibilities of life.PAD0N DAY WILL NOT BE OBSERVED UNTIL OCTOBERInmates of the reformatory andthe Eddyville penitentiary were notified by the wardens of the institutions that Governor Morrow will notobserve the first Monday in Augustand the first Monday in Septemberas "pardon days." Notices to this effect were also posted in the institutions. Applicants will be heard in personby the Governor on the first Mondayfin October, but requests for pardonsmay be mailed to the Governor'soffice at any time.Nn naW domestic animals hartbeen' deiiopta'"urinf; the flast 2,-Fa m -j aTti i -j'Ends Tour liver TroublesMakes Iofe Worth livingFor Sale ByBrooks & gnapp Drag Company,(till Sept. 12)PRESIDENT HARDING'S DREAM"I would welcome the day when Ican come back to stay with you permanently. It is a very fine thing tobe President of the United Statesand it is a good thing to keep onthinking it, because when you wakeup from your dream you will find ita verv different thing." Marion(O.) special dispatch to New YorkWorld, July 4, 1922.The speaker quoted is Warren G.Harding informally telling his auditors how it feels to be President.The reader will not fail to observea note of weariness in this remark.It indicates an indisposition to faceand to overcome the problems ofthe great office of President. It isthe plaint of a man who loves thebroad primrose path of leisure, butwho dreads the rocky, thorny one oftoil and achievement. It is the utterance of a man already tired of hisjob.Warren Harding has been President of the- United States one yearand four months. During his honeymoon year he seemed to have enjoyed himself to the utmost, butnow evidently the roseate view isbeginning to dissolve, the primrosesto lose their brightest hue and thepaint to wear off the red wagon. Heconfesses that he will welcome theday when he can go back to Marionand stay there permanently. Well,one-third of his term has expired.Thirty-two months is but a shortwhile as we measure the flight oftime; it will soon roll 'round.ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abiff stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.LOSTGold bar pin, pearl set, at Chautauqua or on streets, Saturday night.Suitable reward if returned to O.G. Lytle, at this office.ANNOUNCEMENTTHE ECONOMYPLUMBING AND HEATING CO.,with Jos. Newhall, Manager, arenow ready for business and wouldbe pleased to have a share of yourpatronage.Plumbing, heating, gas fitting andall work guaranteed. Call HomePhone 273.LICENSED SEWER TAPPERUNION SHOP.(21-3t)Extension of CharterOF -THE FIRST NATIONALOFParis, KentuckyTreasury Department,Office of Comptroller of The Currency, Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasbeen made to appear that "THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK OFPARIS" in the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act of . Congress,"to enable National Banking Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved July 12, 1882.Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissinger, Comptroller of the Currency, dohereby certify that "THE FIRSTNATIONAL. BANK OF PARIS" inthe City of Paiis, in the County ofBourbon and "State' of Kentucky, isauthorized to have succession for theperiod specified in its amendedarticles of association: namely, until close of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of office this firstday of June, 1922.' (Seal)(Signed)D. R. CRISSINGER,Comptroller of The Currency.'Charter No. f S23.vv?3ixtsMeiiNo4104,RANKPARIAdministrator's NoticeAll persons having claims agaimstthe estate of Julia Sanders, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidJulia Sanders, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedAdministrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness.GARRETT SANDERS,Administrator of Julia Sanders, Deceased. (julyll-3wks)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m!7:0 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash .Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Ticksts, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold be-,tween all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTIONUINAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TER-CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS-CModern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSIPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00COFFICERSframk P. Kiser, Praaldeat1L. Weathers, Vice PrwldemtW. Witohell, CashierJbo. XT. Terkea, Aitf t CashierDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper....-'JUNE so, inBRIGHTERCfcvjvmwtjrJust HistoryIn 7fThe ColonialDameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.:?8?fcVIn 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy nickering Gas.'44-!.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,,Just presses a bvttomAnd' has Electric BghtJtlkdrklCe.AMTRADERSAvx Zwistt!&ZIVmwmmmgzrmnvtn(riJfyaM, ., "V V; , . I00 years.(July 7-1 mo m t , ,...,r-vimimuillimtummmiMttummikMm .JL-.A-.- t rNVwm.A5-v;& : V'vT&-1 V' . fvfT":TUESDAY, JULY. 25, 1922.'THB 'BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGKTmm-Sr.;.''r-L -PERSONALSTOWN PESTSICING MTT.TT IN WAGONS SAVESCUSTOMERS AND MONEYDuring the, hot summer months of.trftj3aVy8yffigjSSSSBSSSJSSSSSSSSSSSSSJThe Cut-Out Pest thinks that Noisemeans Power and he likes to Go Roaring down the Quiet Streets after Midnight with the Or Cut-Out wide open.He is also Fond of Racing the Engineearly Sunday Morning, tuning up theOld Boat 'while Everybody Else IsTrying to Sleep.COFFEE POT IS EARRING TO SAVAGE KAJA KAJAThe Kaja Kaja savages of NewGuiana, who have -a. reputation for"bravery, and are powerfully built,paint their foreheads red or black-with -white or yellow circles aroundthe eyes. , Their nostrills are frequently adorned -with "the claws ofbirds of prey or the tusks of -wildpigs. From the lobes of their earsthe most extraordinary variety ofobjects may be suspended. M.Neyens describes one warrior whoproudly wore an old coffee pot asan ear ornament.The bodies of the natives are usually tattooed with figures in relief.iThe tattooing necessitates a painfuloperation, in which the patient,stretched on the sand, is literallybasted with a sharp bamboo instrument, after which the numerousslashes are filled with a sort of clay.The Kaja Kaja never bathe; instead, the body is rubbed with a variety of oils which give off an insupportable odor, augmented, it mayhe added, by the decoosing skinswhich they wear as arm decorations.oNOT EASY TO KILL SOLDIERthe last twenty years, the KentuckyAgricultural Experiment, Station hasfound that icing milk in its deliverywagons has been helpful in retaining customers and saving moneythat would be lost otherwise throughthe souring of "milk, according to J."W. Nutter, superintendent of thedairy farm. A number of dairymenannually lose many customers andconsiderable money by failing to observes this practice, he said."The total lime spent in delivering milk on the average retail routevaries from three to eight hours.Milk that is on the road without icethis length of time in the air temperatures that will prevail from nowon cannot be expected to keep ingood condition. Even where deliveries are made during the cool earlymorning hours, the temperature ofuniced milk will rise considerablybefore it reaches the customer, inview of the fact that after milk hasbeen on the driver's wagon for threeor four hours it often stands on thedoorstep for an additional twohours or more. ,"The quantity of ice required fora load of milk costs only a few centswhile a single bottle of sour milknot only will result in loss of themilk and usually a special delivery,but alsq may cause the loss of oneor more customers. Then, too, if amilk inspector should take a samplefrom a bottle of milk that has beenlong uniced on the" wagon, his reportwill be unfavorable."When the ordinary open-bottomcases are used and when ice is costly, the top row of cases only needbe iced as the cold air will circulatethrough the cases below. Whilethis will tend to make the floor ofthe wagon sloppy, it will not be aserious handicap as the floor can beflushed out each day on the returnfrom the route. A few holes boredin the floor of the wagon will allowthe melted ice to run through andbe a convenience when the floor iswashed. These holes can be pluggedin the winter time."PUBLIC LIBRARY RECEIVES IMPORTANT DOCUMENTNothing caused the newspaperreader during the war greater surprise than the colossal expenditureof ammunition.It was agreed that in formerwarsNit took a man's weight in bullets to kill him. In other words,that for every thousand rifle bulletsfired away one man was killed.In the late war, if all metal expended in ammunition were reducedto rifle bullets no fewer than 50,000 would be required to kill a man.Of course, the calculation is rendered diflicult by the fact that millionsof tons of metal were expended inputting up barrages and the like,and in intensive bombardments ofthe enemy's positions, but it is safeto say that for every man killed inthe war about three tons of metalwere expended. "Such a calculation is staggeringand yet comforting, for if the oldaverage had held good, all the armies engaged in the war, vastthough they were, would have beenannihilated to the last man.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan. be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has teen done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.The Paris public library is just inreceipt of a copy of the biography offormer Governor Joseph Duncan, ofIllinois, who was born in Paris,February 22, 1794. The book is sentwith the compliments of the author,Miss Elizabeth Duncan Putman, of2023 Brady street, Davenport, Iowa.The old Duncan home, in whichGovernor Duncan was born, is stillstanding within a stone's throw ofthe Bourbon court house and is inexceptionally fine condition at thepresent time, being owned by Chas.Monson, of Paris, and used at present as an apartment house. According to the new book, a lease of 1815describes it as "the old stone houseon the square with kitchen, stables,etc., and two partitions to runacross the ball room."The house has been commonlyknown in Paris as the Burr property, having been purchased by theBurr family early in the nineteenthcenture, probably a few years following the lease of IS 15. Mr. Monson, who purchased the property,has made extensive repairs on- it,both inside and out. The old plaster was cleaned off and the exteriorwas resurfaced and painted red.Governor Joseph Duncan, according to the record in the biography,entered the war of 1912 as an ensign in the 17th U. S. Infantry andremained in service throughout thewar. A short time alter the culoseof the war, a part of the family, including Joseph, moved to Illinois.A part of the Duncan family remained in Paris for which one of 'thecity thoroughfares, Duncan avenue,is named. One of the descendants,Major Jere Duncan, was the greatgrandfather of Mr. Duncan Bell, amerchant of Paris at the presenttime.Mrs. Elizabeth Purcell and son,of Paris, are visiting relatives inCrayton, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Letcher, ofSt. Paul, Indiana, are guests of relatives in this city.Mrs. Alex -Duke is visiting herdaughter, Mrs. Meredith Gray, andMr. Gray, in Lexington.Wm. Lytle is spending his vacation with relatives in Dayton,Covington and Cincinnati.Mrs. Russell Mann and MissAnna Hutchcraft have returnedfrom a stay at Martinsville, Indiana.Miss Ida Spears, of Waterloo,Iowa, is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.Ben Woodford, at their home nearParis.Mrs. May Stoner Clay has returned from a visit to Mrs. RobertStoner, at "Longwood," near Mt.Sterling.Mrs. Charlton Alexander hasreturned from a visit to her brothers, Dan M. and Howard Ball, inVersailles.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Patton andMrs. D. W. Peed, have returned froma visit to friends and relatives inMt. Sterling.John J. Redmon and Warren M.Rogers, of Paris, are the latest additions at Miwogco Mineral Springs,near Milan, Indiana.Mr. and "Mrs. Clay Sutherlandand babe were recent guests of Mrs.Sutherland's father, Mr. ClaytonStrode, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. Dan R. Kimbrough of Cynthiana spent the weekend as guest of Mrs. Lizzie Clayand family, near Paris.Miss Mary Forman Varden,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jo Varden,of Paris, is a guest of Miss LauraWilliams, in Mt. Sterling.Dr. W. O. Humphreys has returned to his home in Louisville, after a visit to his sister, Mrs. F. B.Jones, and Rev. Jones, in this city.Mrs. Fred Hill, of Paris, whohas been a patient at the WoodfordCounty Hospital, in Versailles forsome time, is improving nicely andhas returned to her home in Paris.Miss Fannie Shropshire, ofParis, spent t'he week-end with Mrs.T. J. Reagan and daughter, MissConstance Reagan, of New York,hvho are guests at the Phoenix Hotel.Misses Frances Woods andMary Catherine Connelly have returned to their homes in Paris, aftera pleasant visit with Miss GertrudeDowney, in Maysville.Mrs. F. S. Asbury and grandchildren, Vertner and Martha Boyd,have returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. William Olds and Mr. andMrs. Orie Howard, in Cynthiana.Miss Shelley Story, who has forsome time been connected with theMetropolitan Insurance Company,left yesterday for New Yofk, whereshe will be a patient at the Metropolitan Sanitarium.Mrs. H. A. Power, Miss SaraPower, Miss Nell Winn Hinton, MissEleanor Swango, Mrs. S. T. Chipleyand Miss Virginia Hancock havereturned from Kavanaugh CampGround.Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Hi Davishave returned from a visit in California. They were accompanied bytheir daughter, Miss Soula Davis,who has for the past year been astudent at the University of Southern California, at Los Angeles.(Other Personals on Page 5)oLOOK FORThe Baking Powder that Givesthe Best Service in Your KitchenCALUMETThe Economy BAKING POWDERGUARANTEESFoodsNo FailuresWhen a "Big and Cheap"can of baking powder isoffered you LOOK OUT.Every can of Calumet isthe same keeping Quality Perfect last spoonful good as the first.10mf IV contents iU- K I WBEST BY TESTNo WasteThe moderate cost ofCalumet combined withthe highest merit establishes the greatest ofbakingpowdereconomyYou save when you buyYou save when you useThe World's Greatest Baking Powder JFARMTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year-qn each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS ' NO RENEWALSKentuckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bldg. Lexington, Ky.Ask Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown,LOANS,, ,TTTin-mnvr 5DESCENDANTSRUGGLES CAMP MEETING BEGINS -THURSDAYDO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEQUICKFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALASPIRINSay "Bayer" and Insist!The forty-ninth session of thehistoric Ruddles camp meeting willbegin its series of camp meetingservices lasting eleven days at thecamp meeting grounds near Maysville, in Fleming county, Thursday,July 27. Increased attendance overthe five hundred who gathered therelast year is expected by the board ofi directors of the Methodist churchdirectors of the association promotedby the Maysville Methodists whohave charge of the camp meeting.The Epworth League Institute ofthe Methodist Church will be heldin conjunction with the camp meeting beginning Monday, July 31.o483,846 BIBLES PLACED INHOTELS872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS, VEGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPricei reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONEpVBijUnless you see the nam a '-Rn-o-oT."on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-two years and proved safo bvmillions forColdsToothacheEaracheNeuralgiaAccept onlywhich containsHeadacheLumbagoRheumatismPain, Pain.Bayer" packageproper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costfew cents. Druggists also sell bottles of -24 and 100. Aspirin is "thetrade mark Of Baver MarmfAnfiir ntMonoaceticacfdester of Salicylicacid.(adr-T)Gideons of America, according toreports read to their annual meeting, have placed a total of 483,846Bibles in hotel rooms throughoutthe country. Of this number, Illinois leads with 51,202, eight thousand more than California, whichholds second place.. oNOT A BAD DESCRIPTIONSenator Medill McCormick, of Illinois, says a Chicago Chinaman gavethis terse description of a trial inan American court: "One man issilent, another talks all the time,and twelve- wise men condemn theman who has not said a word."oUSERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are now"carrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond, paper and absolutely lintless.THB BOURBON NEWS.Some weeks ago THE NEWS published a clipping from the LouisvilleCourier-Journal, in 'which it wasstated that James W. Wiggninton,of Chula Vista, Cali., was seekingto locate descendants of Henry Wigginton, who moved from Virginiato Bourbon county, in 1800, and further stating that he served in theCivil War.THE NEWS learns that the HenryWigginton referred to in the clippling left one son, John T. Wigginton, familiarly known in theearly days of Paris as "Tee" Wigginton, who died in this city aboutforty years ago. Mr. Wiggintonwas possessed of a wonderful tenorvoice, and was noted through theBluegrass region as a musician ofsuperior excellence. Mr. Wigginton left a son, Julian Wigginton,who is now a resident of Florida.The widow of Henry Wiggintonmarried Richard S. Henderson, whofor many years conducted a hotelin Paris, at the corner of Main andFourth streets, the site of which isnow occupied by the Peoples-DepositBank, and the storerooms of Frank& Co., and the Ardery Drug Co.Mr. Wtesinton was not in the CivilWar. but served in the war withMexico, when the Kentucky troops'made their record. Mrs. Hendersonhas a daughter, Mrs. Chester Croxton, formerly of Paris and Lexington, now residing in Texas. A nephew, Richard Hanson, formerly ofParis, is at present a resident ofLexington. ' - !o IMARRIED LINCOLN'S PARENTSSTARTLING PRICES ONNEW FARM TRUCKS AND TRACTORSWe offer the following new trucks and tractors foreclosed -Ottmortgage. All we want is to get money loaned on them.Inspection invited. Easy terms can be arranged. A profitableopportunity for dealers. Write us.NEW-NEVER BEEN USEDFACTORY PRICES OUR PRICES "-Midwest Utilitors $300.00 $125.0021 1-2 ton Ace Trucks with allweather cab, electric lights, , 'starter and pneumatic tires S2800.00 $1650.001 1 1-2 ton Diamond Truck withcab ' 2400.00 1200.001-5 t6n Indiana, with cab 4800.00 2800.00f. o. b. LouisvilleSeveral used 'trucks and tractors also to be sold very cheap. Worthinvestigation.Address: ELM GARAGE,' Inc., (Bankers Agents)426 South 17th St. LOUISVILLE, KY.0FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYMtillg:ifr'llii,'i'','a''A campaign for funds to erect amarker at the grave of Rev. JesseHead, who united in marriage theparents of Abraham Lincoln, is be-,ing sponsored by the Harrodsburg,Ky., Chamber of Commerce and citizens everywhere- are asked to contribute.Tho remains of Rev. Mr. Head, .Methodist preacher, justice and cabinet marker, lie in an unmarkedgrave in Cave Hill Cemetery, at Har ;rodsburg.Only a few years ago the originalreturnjof the minister was found inthe Washington county court house,!whereas it should have been returnedto the Hardin County Court Clerk,at Elizabethtown.Fifty per cent, of the world's goldcomes from the Transvaal.The inventor of the friction matchis unknown.Other Than Material Things.Our own experience has taught usthat even in this world of realitythere exists dreams and desires,thoughtsT and feelings of -beauty,' ofjustice, and love, -that jurC'efv-tfctnoblest and loftiest Maeterlinck.We Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties fElectricWashing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, J AlltKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes! and Prices. Gas Logs "and GntteiThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.- sa'?-T. W. SP1CEB-Tr S- B BNSMBSsa, - ' M-, -.1. - 'jfriHiimnnnpii iniitiniT .r ss-'ArJV- AriA,V-'--N1 ' -t -?i"!4&b .sV?fe-- V if '.-ttrtfV?VV- iTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARISH KENTUCKYvfTUESDAT, JULY 25, 1$M f'PAGE FOUR1 ON THE PLAYGROUNDSrThe annual playground Pet Showwill he held Friday, July 28, at theCity School from 4 to 6 p. m. Premiums .nd prizes will he offeredlor the following classes: Bestjtr&rned, hest exhibit and mostTimique. The following pets are eligible: Cats, gold fish, ponies,-wolves, dogs, chickens, squirrels, al"ligators, rabhits, birds, white mice,ioxes, porcupines, owls, turtles, hornitoads, frogs, water and land fowlsand any living thing that are notclassed in the above lists. Snakes)cnly are exempted. All pets must"be boxed, caged or tied to stakes,and provisions and water supplied"by the owners before four o'clock,as the judges will start at thattime. This contest is open to bothchildren and adults in Paris and vicinity. Come, bring your pets, andlielp to made the show a real success. The City School boys' base ballteam will play two games this-week, Wednesday with Wilson andMonday with Brennan. The standing of the boys' base ball league isas .follows:Won Lost Pet.City School 5 1 .830Wilson 4 .3 .571Brennan 2 6 .250The girls' base ball team of Brennan will play the team of WilsonThursday afternoon on the Wilsonplayground.The Paris playground base ballteam will meet the team from Clif-ton playground, Lexington, Thursday, August 3, on Hancock Field.The players will be as follows:Pitchers, Rice and Myers; Catchers,Itfaybrier and Paul McVey; first"base, Reese; second base, Hinton;shortstop, Strother; third base, Garland McHan; right field, Jake Conners; center field, Dave Hard wick;left field, Jimmy Wilmoth.Community Service announcesthat a tennis tournament will belield in August on the tennis courtsat the City School. This tournament is open to anyone in Bourboncounty. Mrs. R. C. Talbott is incharge of the senior club, and anyone who wishes to join will pleasecall her. The junior club is open to"boys and girls IS years and under.Miss Edith Stivers is in charge and-will be glad to enter anyone who isinterested. Four silver loving cupswill be offered.One silver loving cup will be donated by Dr. Dailey. The membersof the senior club or anyone who"wishes to join are requested to meetin the yard of the City School Monday afternoon at three o'clock. Vo.KENTON HOME 3T0B, SALEHome of Mrs. E. L. Kenton, at234 Lilleston avenue, will be soldpublicly by Harris, Speakes & Harrisat 2:00 p. m., Tuesday, August 2. Arare chance. See ad in this issue.(21-3t)oKENTUCKIANS AT 1YEWOGC0 .BASE BALL(Milan, IncL, Commercial)"The men's bath department hasgiven up one hour each day the pastweek for a Kentucky reunion withthe v following native sons present:Mr. Swift Champ, editor of THEBOURBON NEWS; Mr. Harry LinTille, of" Paris, shoe merchant; Mr.F. A. Hambrick, of Georgetown,County Engineer; Q. A. Jameson, ofStamping Ground, retired farmer; L.P. Squires, of Maysville, general merchant, and Sam "Wahlan, of Cynthianar paint merchant. Each man isthoroughly searched before being admitted to the department and is requested to carry his handkerchiefsome place besides his hip pocketlor a move in that direction, evenfor so innocent a thing as a hand"kerchief, sends ihe masseurs, palefaced and screaming, to hidden quarters and the better part of the morning is lost in coaxing them out. The-only fatality so far was the killingof a pottle of grape juice by SwiftChamp, while the others hung theirleads in shame. At that, Kentuckylost less than a great many otherStates for they still have their beauliful women and fast horses."CLENDENIN AGAIN IN EACERoy F. Clendenin, of Paris, is attending the three-days' meeting of-the Agents Association of the Norths-westernMutual Life Insurance Com-"pany in Milwaukee, Wis., whichconvened yesterday.Mr. Clendenin has twice beenelected president of the Marathon'Club, of the Company, composed of'6,000 agents, who have written insurance on one hundred or moreJires in a single year. Mr. Clendenin has entered the 1922 contestin competition with the Peoria, 111.,agent of the company. A handsomesilver loving cup, won twice by Mr.Clendenin, and twice by the Peorialoan, is to become the property ofhe agent who win it the third.Stime.CLUB STANDINGWonPARIS ,. -.5Maysville 5Cynthiana 4Lexington 3Mt. Sterling. . . . .2Winchester 1Lost Pet.2 .7142 .7142 .6673 .500,5 .2866 .143TAX NOTICE.,TEE B0TJHB0N COUNTY TAXCOMMISSIONER'S OFFICE, AT THEOraTJEtOUSE, IS MOW OPEN FOETME TRANSACTION OF BUSINESS.jil TAXPAYERS ARE ASKED TOCALL XARLY AMU? JJ8T THEIR3PROPERTY FOR TAXATIONSATURDAY'S RESULTSParis 5, Maysville 6.Winchester 4, Mt. Sterling 1.Cynthiana 9 Lexington 5.SUNDAY'S RESULTSParis 4, Maysville 3.Winchester 0, Mt. SterlingCynthiana 3, Lexington 3,Game Called.)5.(Rain,THURSDAY'S GAMESParis at Cynthiana.Maysville at Mt. Sterling.Lexington at Winchester.Although Wills and Parsons heldthe Cynthiana team to four hits inthe game at League Park Thursday,the Cynthiana team bunched theirhits very effectively behind errorsdefeating the Mammoths by a scoreof 5 to 1. Long, the Cynthianatwirler, had Paris at his mercy atevery stage of the game, tighteningup in all the pinches. Rees hit ahome run. " Blanke made a greatcatch in left field. Paris made aneffort to stem the tide, but the oddswere too great for them to overcome.The batteries were: For Paris, Willsand Bracke; for Cynthiana, Longand Willie. The game went for onehour and forty minutes. Spade umpired. Maysville defeated Paris, Saturday in the game played at Maysvilleby a score of 6 to 5, in what wassaid to have been one of the hardest fought and most exciting gamesplayed there. The contest went teninnings, Maysville putting over thewinning run in the tenth. Einemanand Miner were both hit hard andfreely, but the ragged support ofMiner's teammates and the goodsupport given Eineman determinedthe result. The score was tied inthe sixth inning, and again in theninth, with Maysville pulling outin the extra inning. Paris wascredited with seven errors in theofficial box score and Maysvilie two.The batteries were: For Paris,Miner and Macke; for Maysville,Eineman and Connolly. The gamewent two hours and ten minutes.Spade and Brauer umpired.In the game between Maysvilleand Paris on the Maysville groundsSunday, Paris tied Maysville forfirst place honors, by defeating theCards in a hard fought game by thescore of 4 to 3. Wills pitched asteady game for Paris until theeighth inning, when he gave a passto Fortner after Basken had goneto first on an .error. Each runnerscored on a single by Harding.Slayback's double and Woods' muffof Class' liner in the first let in thefirst marker. Nippert's double scored Cicona after he had been hit byBosken in the first. Kresser's erroron Wunken and Harding's error .. onHurst's grounder let Wunker crossthe home plate in the second. Hitsby Cicona and Nippert, with sacrifices by Macke and Mann resulted inone run in the seventh. A largedelegation of Paris fans saw thegame, which went one hour andforty-five minutes. Spade and Braued umpired. The batteries were:Wills and Macke, for Paris, Boskenand Connolly for Maysville.The Presbyterians and Christiansare scheduled to meet at 3:30o'clock this afternoon on HancockField, in the regular series ofChurch League games. A good gameis expected, as both teams are infine condition for the struggle.THE NEWS is requested to statethat the remaining games in theChurch League will be played according to the- original schedule.Holders of season tickets are cautioned to present them at the gateto gain admission to future games.Those lailirig to have the necessarytickets will be charged the regularcash admission.In the game between the Escondida and Avon teams, played on theEscondida grounds. Saturday afternoon, the Escondidas were shutout by their opponents' by a score of1 to 0. The game was a hot onefrom start to finish. Jack Williamspitched an excellent game, allowingbut two hits and striking out elevenbatsmen. Following this game theEscondida team played the Hutchison team, winning out hy the scoreof 6 to 5. D. Rainey pitched forthe Escondida team. Both gameswere interesting from beginning toend, and were considered the bestplayed thir season on the Escondidagrounds.M. M. I. IMPROVEMENTSThe Millersburg Military Instituteis making extensive improvementson the new grounds and' buildingsduring the summer vacation. Workwill begin this week on the newgymnasium, which, when completed,will be one of the best equipped inthe State. It will be built of stoneand brick, and will be suitably arranged inside for entertainmentsand drill purposes. The main floorwill be 90x55 feet. It will be handsomely furnished throughout. Workis also being started on improvement of the athletic gorunds, whichwill be made larsrer. to give muchneeded room for drilling and athletics. Enrollment of the schoolgives evidence of being larger thecoming season than last year. Theseason will open September 14. Theservices of J. U. Rees, of KentuckyWesleyan College, has been securedas athletic teacher, and under his direction the school may expect cleanand winning athletics.FORMER PARIS MAN 'A(JcH)ENTAILY SHOT."MISS LULU BETT" ON SCREENTHURSDAYHave you read "Miss Lulu Bett,"Zona Gale's powerful novel? Didyou see the play of the same namewhich was awarded the Pultzer prizeof $1,000 as being the best producedduring the theatrical season of 192021, Whether you have or not, youshould see the Paramount film version of "Miss Lulu Bett," whichcomes to the Alamo and GrandThursday afternoon and evening.It's a William de Mille productionand the principal roles are playedby Lois Wilson, Milton Sills, Theodore Roberts and Helen Ferguson.Lulu Bett is the spinster sister ofthe wife of Dwight Deacon a Justiceof the Peace and dentist of a smalltown. Supported by Deacon, sne isa beast of burden in the house, filling: the place of a servantwhich Deacon couldn't otherwiseafford. Ninian Deacon, Dwight'sblack-sheep brother, sympathizeswith Lulu and arranges a sipperparty in her honor, at which occasion he jokingly suggests a mockmarriage ceremony with Lulu andhimself in the roles of groom andbride.After the ceremony by Deacon,the latter realizes that it is legal,he being a Justice of the Peace.Ninian takes Lulu away, and although she does not love him, sheis grateful to him for taking heraway from her life of drugery andoppression. Lulu learns that Ninianis already married and uncertainwhether or not his wife is alive. Shereturns to Deacon's home and theold life.Neil Cornish, the school teacher,champions her, then discovers thathe loves her. All ends happily after some exciting times. Lois Wilson is leading woman and MiltonSills leading man.FOR THE LADIESHemstitching and Picoting Attachment, works on any sewing machine, easily adjusted. Price $2.50,with full instructions. OrientalNovelty Co., Box 11, Corpus Christi,Texas. (25-2t)NICHOLAS COUNTY HOME ISBURNEDREAL ESTATE DEALSRev. Dr. H. W. Bromley, of Wilmore, has purchased "Monticello,"the ha'ndsome home of the late Thos.J. Megibben, in Cynthiana, for thereported price of $18,000. This hasbeen one of the show places of Cynthiana, being situated in a commanding position overlooking thecity, ,The Downs-Moore Realty Company, of Shelbyviile, iT conjunction"-with. Harris,' Speakes 4b Harris, ofParti, fiwilil non-get ,4i w e.of JotThe country residence of A. E.Stephenson, in Nicholas county,about one mile from Myers Station,was completely destroyed by fire, atan early hour Friday morning. Firewas caused by a defective kitchenflue. Loss was estimated at about$5,000, partly covered by insurance.oFire, Wind and lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANTRAVELING MEN TELL OF BUSINESS CONDITIONSIn the "Sample Case" departmentof Sunday's Lexington Herald, Paristraveling men are quoted on business conditions as follows:"J. T. Mattox, Paris, representingthe Beechnut Packing Company, reports business improving."W. R. Metcalfe, Millersburg, selling rubber footwear and coats forthe United States Rubber Company,when asked how business was, said,'search me.'"Ben Downey, of the David Adesuompa-ny, Lexington, worked Mid-iway and vicinity last Tuesday."W. McCann, with Colgate SoapCompany, was in Paris, Friday,making arrangements for an adver-1tising campaign to start in a fewweeks."Mr. Soper, of the Power GroceryCompany, worked Georgetown Tues-lday last."oJAILING A BOOTLEGGERThe daily papers of Friday afternoon carried the following news dispatch from Louisville:"J. W. Coplin, 38 years old, 7151West Broadway employe of the Louisville & Nashville shops at Paris,Ky., was shot through the chinand neck when his automatic pistoldropped from his holster in the lavratory of the Jefferson street interurban station. Two men were present at the time, and J. S. Fowler,who saw the man wounded, declaredthe shooting was accidental."Earl Gaines, Hazelwood, theother man, could not see the affairfrom where he stood. At the cityhospital it was said Coplin had aneven chance to recover."Coplin, who was off duty, hadbrought his wife to the station. Shesaid that he was guard at the L. &N. Coplin, however, said he was ahoisting engineer."(Idaho Daily Statesman)The more frequently a law is disobeyed, the more severe should hethe punishment for those who disregard its injunction. That jule is i uPnjustification enough for the sentencegiven by a judge at Pocatello to aconfirmed and notorious bootlegger.The bootlegger, unless he can payhis fine, will spend o total of 14months in prison. In any event, hewill be there until after Christmas.If punishment has any effect uponthose who disregard law, thissort of punishment should serve asa deterrent.FAMOUS OLD STAGE HIT COMINGTO SCREEN1 As famous in the field of romanticcomedy as "The Prince of Pilsen"was in the field of musical comedy,Eugene Presbery's stage hit of twenty years .ago, "A Virginia Courtship," has now been adapted to thescreen of 1921, and will be shownhere next Tuesday afternoon andnight at the Alamo and Grand, withMay McAvoy, newest of Realartstars, in the stellar role."A Virginia Courtship" tells threelove stories, though it cheifiy concerns the adventures of PrudenceFairfax, the ward of kindly old Colonel Fairfax, owner of a run-downand heavily mortgaged plantationwhich had once been the pride ofthe countryside.LIVE STOCK NEWSAmong the many J3ourbon countyexhibitors at the Montgomery County Fair, was Letton Vimont, of Millersburg, who had with him a lot ofextra fine walking horses, which attracted a great deal of attentionand admiration. Mr. Vimont willtake the same string to the StateFair at Louisville, for exbitionpurposes.While in the Bluegrass sectionthe past week Charles Leonard, ofMercer county, and Abe Renick, ofClark county, purchased a numberof registered Southdown sheep fromBourbon county dealers. Mr. Leonard purchased ten head and a ramfor his farm near Harrodsburg.oCanada possesses nearly half thewater power of the world.ANNOUNCEMENT!I wish to' announce to my friends and former patronsthat I have opened a store in the room formerly occupiedby Dr. O. L. Frye, next to Baldwin Bros., where I will bepleased to have all my old and new customers call on me.I've received a new stock of Ladies' and Gents' FurnishingGoods and Notions, also a nice line of floor coverings, whichI will sell at the very lowest possible prices just to reestablish my trade.657 MAIN HJ C If AWE HOME PHONESTREET J- LLVUVEi 360 ,BDDP .JCCCDlNM -----BDDPgINDUSTRYandTHRIFTmakePROSPERITY.tfSsf Ura s& w!S frfiliBiffi' pass i$llSYou want to prosper, do you not?Then you must work and the harder you work themore you will earn and the more sure you will be of yourjob.But earning money will do you no good unless youpractice thrift and SAVE a Dart of it.The bank is the only safe place for your money.WE WILL WELCOME YOUR ACCOUNT.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.COMFORT AT WM PIESPalm Beaches, Mohairsand Tropical WorstedsitSCHOOLCONSOLIDATIONTIONELEC-An election will be held at theRuddles Mills school house, on Friday, August 4, at which time thewhite voters will be given an opportunity to express their will , concerning the question:"Are you in favor of consolidatingthe present schbl subdistricts ofRuddles Mills, Eals and Mcllvaine,and parts of Shawhan, Kiserton andPalmer 'into one district, to beknown as Jthe Ruddlea Mills Consolidated School District, and forthe establishment of a consolidatedschool house at "Ruddles Mills,BwrtKmcdCmty, -Kentucky, ad'tX WOCaJFOED, JX.,tftif tl-tf)f Ttt Commiwioner.'in gkllerurg, Indian; on'Mjr 16. yitw district ?,'-HOSE who demand comfort in clothes can now buy a summersuit at much less than its regular worth. These suits arestyled and tailored by the best concerns in the country,assuring you of good fit and style satisfaction. Read these pricesand act quickly while selections are good. THIS SALE FORCASH ONLY.$12.50 PALM BEACHES CO KZfCUT TO , W7-.WW$15.00 PALM BEACHES L1 O OCCUT TO 9l-fal-LOwasW.?!f S15.00$25.00 TROPICAL WORSTEDS COQ QtSTRAW HATS AT HALF PRICECast aside your old sun-burned straw and buy one of our strawsat half price. You'll find the style and brand you want if you'llglance in our window, for all we have are right there.R P.WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris. Ky.Home Phone 448 Cumb. PHotm tt6 - MBitt H Iy.Vjf v1 i, J .. '. l",. i. "-vJ"lJ ? - jsS-Srs,- T -t-TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1922"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, DBNTCCKTpact maf '1"GIFTS THAT LAST"FRANK & CO.'S MID-SUMMERSALE OF WONDERFUL VALUESWILL CONTINUE UNTIL AUG. 1.4 (l8-3t)MELONS ON ICEWe have at all times the best of-watermelons and canteloupes on ice.Phone us your order.LOGAN HOWARD.BOURBON SECRETARY RECEIVES. FLATTERING OFFERMiss Inez Caudill, secretary ofthe Bourbon County Red CrossChapter, has received a natteringoffer from Dr. Hutchens, presidentof Berea College, to take a positionas a member of the faculty of thatinstitution, of which she is a graduate. Miss Caudill, who has done mostefficient work as secretary of thelocal Red Cross Chapter, has takenthe offer under consideration.TEA FOR ICED TEAIf you buy Ferndale or Chase &Sanborn Teas, you get the best.C. P. COOK &'CO.MELLERSBURG HOME AT AUCTIONTO-DAY.ELSEWHERE IN THIS ISSUEWILL BE FOUND THE BIG DISPLAY ADVERTISEMENT OF COL.C. M. BEST'S ATTRACTIVEHOME WHICH WILL BE SOLD INMELLERSBURG AT AUCTION TODAY, TUESDAY, JULY 25, AT 2:30O'CLOCK THIS IS ONE OF THEMOST DESIRABLE HOMES INTHAT THRIVING LITTLE CITY.ATTEND THE SALE.oIN AUTO -ACCIDENTIn an auto accident, which occurred at the corner of Sixteenthand Cypress street, Frank Wilcox,Jr., was cut About the face andhead by being thrown against thewindshield of the machine. Mrs.Prank Wilcox, who was driving, lostcontrol of the car, when making theturn at the corner, the car plunginginto a fence at the side of the street.Mrs. Wilcox was uninjured, and thecar slightly damaged. Young Wilcox was taken home and given medical attention. His injuries are notserious., aSEEKING STOLEN AUTOSThe authorities of Kenton countyare seeking to learn whereaboutsof two cars belonging to Polk Lafoon, secretary and treasurer of theCovington and Cincinnati StreetRailway Company, stolen from thegarage in that city. Mr. and Mrs.Lafoon are visiting friends in Harbor Beach, Mich., and the machineswere taken during their absence.The theft was discovered by Mrs.Frank Woodall, formerly Miss TillieBrent, of Paris, mother of Mrs. Lafoon, when she entered the garage.Mrs. Woodall is a sister of Mrs.Belle Brent Alexander, of Paris.PUBLIC SALE OF HOMEA desirable home at public auction on Tuesday, August 2, at 2:00p. m. Property of Mrs. E. L Kenton,234 Lilleston avenue, Read ad.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(21-3t)HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.( july7 tf )oHORSE KILLED BY AUTOIn an accident which occurred onthe "Maysville pike, two miles fromParis, Friday, night, an automobilestruck a team of horses, attached toa farm wagon, killing one of the animals. The horse's mate was foundstanding by the side of the dead animal. The ownership of the wagonand team, and the identity of theoccupants of the auto was not established. An investigation is being conducted by the authorities.Later investigation developed thefact that the horse was the propertyof Will Mastin, of near Carlisle.The horse, with its mate, had wandered from the Mastin place abouta week ago, and Mr. Mastin hadbeen unable to locate them, untilhe heard about the horse being killed near Paris. He came to thescene and recognized the animal ashis property. Portions of fine nickeltrimmings were found in the animal's body. Nothing has yet beenlearned as to whose machine killedthe horse.NEW HOUSE FOR SALE1EW 7-ROOM HOUSE COMKK, HIS BATH, GAS, ELECTBJC LIGHTS, LOCATED OHVQSTH CUFTOK ATX9UI.. BtUlBOMUJttBIlCO.'ATPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDon't.Mrs. Curtis P. Smith is able tobe out after a short illness.Miss Blanche Lilleston has returned from Lake Chautauqua, NewYork.Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., has returned from a visit to Mrs. MariaVictor, in Cynthiana.Miss Nell.Frye, of Shelbyville,is a guest at the home of Mrs. HarryStamler, in this city.Miss Mary Frances Campbell isvisiting friends and relatives in Covington and Cincinnati.. George Browner, of Paris, isspending part of his vacation withrelatives in Hartwell, Ohio.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, of California, is a guest of her son, John Yerkes, and other relatives in this cityand county.Mrs. Louis Rutherford anddaughter, Helen, of Nicholasville,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. WilliamCaywood, in Paris.-Mr. and Mrs. Jack Winn havereturned to their home in Winchester after a visit to Mr. -and Mrs. Jas.McClure, on Vine street.Marion Crosthwaite, who hasbeen a guest of Paris relatives forseveral days, has returned to hishome in Birmingham, Alabama.Mrs. Logan Bryan has returnedto her home' in North Middletown,after a visit to her parents, Dr. andMrs. A. B. Coons, in Georgetown.-Miss .Lizzie Clay, Miss AnnieClay and Mr. John Clay spent theweek-end as guests of Mr. and Mrs.Henry Clay and family, in Spencercounty.Charlton Clay, of Paris, was oneof the guests at a dinner given atthe Country Club, near Lexington,Saturday night by Madison Bosworth, of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Green andfamily, Miss Susan Logan Howardand Miss Eleanor Swearengen havehave returned from a week's outingat Boonesboro Beach.Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mann,Mrs. Howard B. Carr, Miss Ina Mattox and W. C. Gentry have returnedfrom a ten-days' stay at West BadenSprings, West Baden. Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. Kiser Smith andchildren, of Paris, and Mrs. Smith'ssister, Miss Louella Tebbs, of Cynthiana, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. J.R. Ammerman, of Owingsville.Shelby Record: "Mr. and Mrs.J. M. Craycraft and daughter, MissMildred, and son, J. S. Craycraft, ofParis, spent the week-end with Mr.Craycraft's brother, R. S. Craycraft,and family, near Shelbyville."Miss Carrie Rose, who has beenspending the summer vacation inthis city with relatives, has returned to her home in Hiuntington, WestVa., accompanied by her sister, MissLena Rose, who will be her guestseveral days.Mr. and Mrs. George Redmon,0. T. Sprake, Jack Owsley, Mr. andMrs. Clarence Sprake, Mr. and Mrs.Harry James, Thos. G. Morris, andmany others from Paris attended theMontgomery County Fair at Mt.Sterling, last week.S. Kenney Nichols, who hasbeen seriously ill for some weeks athis home, near Lexington, is improving, and will soon be able to beout again. This will be good newsto the many friends of Mr. Nicholsin Paris and Bourbon countyMrs. E. L.- Stone was hostess atthe Ellis Tea Room with luncheon,to members of the Bourbon CountySummer School faculty, Prof. J. C,Jones, of the University of Kentucky, Prof. C. C. Freeman, of theTransylvania College, Prof. J. W.Lancaster and Miss Nannie Clark,of the Millersburg High School, MissEdith Stivers, Miss Frances Butlerand Miss Lena Talbott, of the ParisHigh School.Miss Belle Horton entertainedrecently with a swimming partynear Thomas race track on Stonercreek. At supper time a deliciousluncheon ivas served on the creekbank, after which the party went tothe home of Miss Horton, on Cypressstreet, where dancing was indulgedin until ablate hour. Among theout-of-town guests were Mr. andMrs. Harry Brower, Mr. and Mrs.John D. Allen, Mr. and Mrs. MauryKemper, William McDowell, PeteStoll, of Lexington; Hubert Fox, ofLynchburg, Va., and Houston Hall,of Maysville."Sunny Side," the beautifulcountry home of Mr. and Mrs. J.Miller Ward, near Paris, was thescene of a brilliant event Thursday,night when Mr. and Mrs. Ward, Mr.'Sam Clay Ward and Mr. CareyFields Clay were hosts to a dancingparty, who filled out an enjoyableevening in the pleasures of thedance. "Sunny Side," so often thescene of brilliant entertainments,never looked more hospitable thanon this occasion, and the genuinespirit of hospitality pervaded everynook and cranny of the hansomehome.The flower garden, lovely with itsmyriads of blooming r plants, waslighted with Japanese lanterns, aswas the lawn surrounding the home.A delicious supper was served onthe lawn. About two hundredguests from Central Kentucky townsand counties, enjoyed dancing: jntiia late' "hour. Music was furnisnedfor the damcftrs 'by aavprcktra ofsuperior excellence, adding much tothe enjoyment of the occasion.Fred Frendburg, of Ravana,was a guest of friends in Paris, Saturday and Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. J. Elmer Boardman and Charles R. Walls are sojourning at Dawson Springs.Mrs. Jemima Bolston, of St.Louis, Mo., is visiting Mr. and Mrs.B. F. Hopkins, at Little Rock.Rev. Ward Russell has returned to his home in Little Rock froma business trip in Eastern Kentucky.Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Craft, ofWhitesburg, Ky., are visiting at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Craft, onthe Maysville pike, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Luther Violet,and children, of Cincinnati, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. L. M. True,at their home on Sixteenth street.Mrs. E. S. Caywood and littleson, Elmer S. Caywood , Jr., andniece, Mary Lillian Smith, of Ravenna, are guests of relatives inParis.Ireland Davis has been confinedto his home on Houston avenue forseveral days suffering from abruised hand, which was hurt in arecent baseball game.Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Ammerman, newly-weds, who have just returned from their wedding trip, areguests of Mrs. Ammerman's parents,Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Burley, onEighth street.Miss Julia Nash, of Paris, andMr. and Mrs. W. H. Shropshire andtwo children, were recent guests ofMr. and Mrs. Clarence Wood, attheir home on East Jackson street,in GeorgetownParis people patronized thebaseball games at Maysville, Lexington and Mt. Sterling, the Boonesboro bathing beach, the band concerts, and in other away-from-homeenjoyments Sunday.W. Renick Smith, of Paris, willsail from San Francisco, Cali., aboutAugust 15, on a business mission toHonolulu, China and Japan. Hewill be accompanied by his mother,Mrs. Curtis P. Smith.Miss Katie Napier, of Paris, isa member of a camping party atBoonesboro Beach, composed of Mr.and Mrs. Joe Ba1)er, Mr. and Mrs.Lewis Mitchell and Miss Mayme Porter, of Mt. Sterling.Mrs. J. Fred Hill, who has beena patient in the Woodford CountyHospital at Versailles, following anoperation for appendicitis has beenbrought to her home in this city.Miss Loretta Brannon, of Lexington, entertained with a swimming party at Boonesboro Beech, fora party composed of Misses Elizabeth and Anna Mae Schawrtz, EllaMae Maher, of Paris, Agnes Unger,of Dayton, Ohio, and Mr. John J.Ronan, of Taylor, Texas,Mrs. James W. Thompson, ofParis, was hostess at a dinner at theCountry Club near Lexington Saturday evening, in honor of Mr. andMrs. Harvey Rogers, of Paris, whowere married last spring. The table decorations were of gladioli,and place cards and mints were ingreen and white. The guests included about twenty friends of thebride, who was formerly Miss Margaret Ferguson, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Swearengen,and daughter, Miss Ann Elizabeth,Msr. M. J. Murphy and daughter,Miss Cathering Murphy, and MissHelen Lavin, returned Friday nightfrom an auto, tour to Springfield,Ohio, Chicago, 111., and Milwaukee,Wis. In Chicago, they were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Armstrong,formerly of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 3)BIRTHSMr. and Mrs. George Clayton,Jr., are the proud parents of a finedaughter, born yesterday at theMassie Memorial Hospital, inthis city. Mrs. Clayton was formerly Miss Ann McMillan Talbott,daughter of Robt. C. Talbott, ofParis.LOSTSomewhere in Paris, a dog harness Finder please notify THENEWS, orMRS. CATHERINE DAVIS CRAIG.FORD FOR SALEFord touring car, newly painted,new top, newly overhauled. A bargain. CLYDE RICHARD,' (25-lt) Home Phone 173.Ladies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices .this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at$15, $18, S25. $29Worth double value. Colors:black, brown, etc. It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros.Dept Store; . CHAS. S. GOLD1TINECorner Svnth and Main StrattiPARIS, KY.GALA DAYSFor the Thrifty Men andBoys Hereabouts"VvVEvery Straw Hat One-half PriceEvery SuitTrt?-We are trying not to carry over any summer, merchandise. If you need anything it will pay you toget our prices.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street '-- IrJr.We also call your attention to thebest spring made"UieTfastercraft"Either of these springs sent on30 days trialTHE J T. HINT0N CO.EITHERPHONE 36Motor Hearsein the House Reduced; One-thirdto One-halfShirt BargainsUnderwear BargainsShoe BargainsBARGAINS GALORE!Buy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveYou, housekeepers, Jmowthatmanybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofwfocr&tBed Springs'suggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dust and lintAnd such sleeping comfort!just naturally relax and drop ofBinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of ths. springs has j ust rsachsd usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real 'Autocrat.of all bed springs.-Copyright! Shannon Bed Spring Co.. Inc.. Loukrflla. Ky,IVPARIS, KENTUCKYwarnMotor Invalid Coach Undortrirh,ri ''1SIXTH AND MAIMyf sPiYou JiMBif' -tmsrrr'-v v ".i- ..-? -'v , Vlb -,.r PAGESDC-"iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYi. ii "!. ry hiTUESDAY, JULY 25, 1922A,DEY AGEMTS PLAY JOKE ONj " NEGBOr-' "Want a drink?" asked one of a"party of Federal prohibition agentso a negro who stood by when theyraided a saloon at 667 South Sixthstreet, in Louisville. "Sure" as hecame running up and prepared toeize the bottle the agent held outto him. The negro took it enthusiastically and drank deep and long., ItTvas alcohol all right, he realizedbut what was mixed with the alcoJiol did not make itself known untilaafter he had drunk his fill. r Thenhe tasted it something bitterand strong and biting. Prohibitionagents laughed as the negro heldliis stomach and tried to spit outthe taste. But it was more lingering than peach centers, and three'imes as nauseating. What he haddrunk, they informed him, was dieTthylphalette a derivative of coal tarused to denaturate the alcohol andmake it unfit for drinking. Thename seemed to stun the darky. Thesubstance was not in a form sufficiently concentrated to prove fatal tothe negro, but enough to make him"very, sick which federal agentsjointed out to him between hisgroans as a warning to let bad;whisky alone forever.300ZE PRICES EISE AS VISITORS FLOOD FRANCEInflux of visiting foreigners from-a parched land has unduly raisedthe price of French wines andliquors.This is implied in a protest madely a congress of hotel keepers meeting at Bourges against the wholesale prices set by wine merchants."They are going to kill, the goosethat lays the golden egg," the author of the protest declared.The hotel keepers also protested-vigorously against the "taxe de esjour" at Summer and Winter resorts and touring centers. According to a letter received from the hotel keepers of Chamonix, the tax ischaracterized as "imbecile" and"paralyzing the efforts of hotelieepers to attract business."IS DIVORCE A LUXURY?Is divorce a luxury or a necessity?Attorney Gainsburg, whose client,W. E. D. Stokes, has just paid litigation costs aggregating ? 12 6,0 00,maintains that it most emphaticallyis not a luxury.The issue arose when facts andfigures were revealed by an expertaccountant in the hearing of Mrs.Stokes' action for $75,000 annualalimony.The accountant admitted that Mr.Stokes' legal expenses had not beendeducted from his income when federal income tax figures were compiled, on the ground that the expenditure was classified under the headof a "luxury." "Law is never a lux-ury and you knowit," declaredcounsel for Mr. Stokes tothe accountant.oTEACHERS NOT TO PAY PORPUEL OR SUPPLIESContracts with teachers, embodying the condition that the teachersmust furnish fuel or supplies for "theschools, are invalid, State Superintendent George Colvin notified county superintendents, and advisedthem to -call in and revise all such'contracts. He also called their attention to the law, requiring them tosubmit to the State Department ofEducation their salary schedules.L. N. Taylor, .chiefc. clerk in thedepartment, is checking the schoolcensus with painstaking care. Thisyear the actual census was requiredto be sent in instead of the numberof pupils by districts. Where thereare evidences of changes in dates ofbirths, which bring pupils withinthe school age, or doubt about thefigures, he has written the parentsfor the correct dates, and in each instance the county or city superintendent is notified of the error aschecked. No" "padding" of the census has been discovered, but a greatmany errors have been found.It is the first time the census has"been subjected to this detailed scrutiny. STUDENT GETS COLLEGE DEGREE AT AGE OF 18.Jameg Milton Eglin, Pittsfield,Ohio, is lielived to be the world'syoungest scholar to receive the titleof doctor of philosophy.Doctor Eglin graduated fromWellington high school at the age of13 years, from Oberlin College whenjserenteen, received his master's de-j gree last year at the age of eigh-i v ,!, and this month, when he had' fytfQ&J presented with his Ph. D. de-1 v j?lE by the University of Chicago,Wpi1" 0i Se wnen most persons who$Xwf&m i f A&llegm and universities aretst'mtt upom their freshman year.V-iMtoam Jgtawally -lift'oae-half..jfttrfidfaa ,its owm jwaifat.HOW ITALY HELPSHER UNEMPLOYEDGreat Construction Work BeingCarried Out by the Operadel Combattenti.BILLIONS OF LIRE ARE PAIDPolicy Contemplates Using Money asInvestment to Benefit the StateReclaiming Marsh LandRoads and Railways Built.Rome. In spite of the low state ofnational finance Italy is attempting tocarry out a broad program for therelief of war veterans and the unemployed by means of land reclamationand other public works.Italy deals with its problem of warveterans through the Opera Nazionaledel Combattenti, organized in December, 1917, with an initial capital of300,000,000 lire, of which the government contributed 250,000,000. Theopera has a social section for vocational training and placing, a financialsection for providing credit to individual soldiers or co-operative groups,and an agricultural section, whichconcentrates on land reclamation.Relief for Unemployed.The general unemployment problemcontinuqf? to be taken seriously by thegovernment, although there is no fearnow of revolutionary outbreaks as theresult of the lack of work. In the lastfew weeks the number of unemployedhas decreased slightly, but there arestill more than half a million men outof work. Arrangements are almostcompleted fdr starting the publicworks authorized last August for therelief of the situation, but at themoment the apportioning of funds andthe increase of the amount of work tobe undertaken is occupying the chamber of deputies. The public worksappropriation is the parliamentarypork barrel of the country.Signor Riccio, minister tf publicworks, is attempting to hold the balance between the deputies competingfor apportionments and to protect thenational budget from being swampedwith more projects than it can stand.He stated in the chamber the otherday that in the first three months ofthis year there has already been paidout for labor on public works 1,300,000,000 lire, as against 258,000,000 inthe whole year of 1914. He addedthat although the minister of financehad authorized the expenditure of3,000,000,000 more for public laborthis year, he did not see where themoney was coming from.The grave depression in the metallurgical districts of Milan and Turinis threatening to thro more men onthe streets, and as usual the condition of unemployment in the provinceof Emilia is widespread.The situation in Emilia is typical ofthe sort of problem Italian state officials have to face. For the last 20years the province has been greatlyoverpopulated, but the surplus citizens have refused to emigate. Thereis therefore a chronic floating population of day laborers who practicallyare a charge on the state.Plans of Reclamation.The government's policy of publicworks is a sound one in that themoney spent constitutes an investment which in future years will morethan pay for itself. Instead of providing "busy work" the ministry iscarrying out a far-sighted scheme forthe transformation of malarial marshlands into fertile territory. Since1860 the government has obtainedmore than 339,000,000 lire in plusvalue from its reclaimed Jands. Forthis work the government spent 57,783,310 lire for reclaiming 394,027acres, and private consortiums spentan equal amount, but recovered 394,027 acres. This year the governmenthas appropriated 80,000,000 lire forreclamation of land in eight provincesand work began in March.Other projects of the governmentare equally constructive. Roads andrailways are being built 4n Sicily and,Calabria, and m the latter provincethe government is building artificiallakes to store water for the hydroelectric plants in the Sila plateau.This part of the country being dry,irrigation and not draining is theproblem, land the government has offered to help local irrigation consortiums by paying one-third of the costof Irrigation projects of benefit to thewhole country.Hen Slays Rat.Barbourvllle, Ky. A singular combat was staged at the home of CharlesSmith here, when a rat, trying tocapture the chicks of a bantam hen,attacked them. The hen immediatelywent to the rescue and all that wasto be seen was the feathered bantamcovering the rat and pecking violently at the intruder. The rat putup a hard fight, but the bantam peckedout its eyes and then proceeded tokill it.Diamond in Crop.Pilot Rock, Ore. Occasionally achicken proves to be a "diamond Inthe'rough." Such a one was purchasedfrom Mrs. James Truman by Mrs.L. E.Roy. Mrs. Truman's lost diamondwas found in the chicken's crop. Thestone, which was recently lost from itssetting in a ring, was returned- to theowner, none the worse from the experience tfe&n was Jomah after a briafraaidence in the whalt, .KENTUCKY AIDS STEANGERSThat Kentucky at State expense iscaring for many nonresidents in hereleemosynary institutions, is theopinion expressed by a welfare official from another State. His opinion was given when recently he returned to Kentucky institutionseven demented persons deported.frbm Illinois under the nonresidentlaw that obtains there. He explained that in Illinois, residence -ofa year is required for the admissionof any patient to a Stata hospitalfor the insane and that those underthe residence limit are returned tothe State from which they came.Such a policy, he said, had resultedin a saving to the State of over$300,000 last year.Kentucky, it seems, has no suchdeportation law and the Illinois official, after. visiting one of the Statehospitals, ventured .the predictionthat in the three Kentucky hospitals there woiild be found at. least'200 inmates that should be thecharges on other States. Kentuckyshould and is doing much to alleviate the condition of her mental defectives,' but if it must in additionprovide for and maintain wards thathave no claim on the State, stepsshould be taken to meet the situation. 'DISCORD IN REPUBLICAN GLEECLUBSenator Stanley (Dem., Ky) isalways happy in descriptive comment, as witness the following froma recent speech explaining the discord among prominent Republicans:."Mr. President, may I respectfullyand affectionately suggest to mygood friends and neighbor from Indiana (Mr. "Watson) that the troublewith this sepulcharal glee club, thisdoleful chorus, of which the President spoke, is not that one man is'doing all the singing, but that toomany are singing and singing in different tunes. For instance, whenever the President sings in falsettothe powerful voice of the Senatorfrom Idaho (Mr. Borah) is heard ina deep and discordant bass; andwhen the President wants to sing lowthe Senator from California (Mr.Johnson) persists in singing high;and when the President wants tosing a good old reactionary doxology the Senator from Nebraska (Mr,Norris) breaks out in a progressiveanthem. It is not that there is onlyone singing, but that there are ahalf dozen singing at the same timeand all singing in a different tuneand on a different theme."STATEAUTO TAX SHOWS ANINCREASERevenue received by the Statefrom motor vehicles, licenses, chauffeurs' badges, transfers, duplicateplates and auto lists, from December 2 to the present time amountto $2,006,769.20, according to figures compiled by N. O. Gray, assistant State tax commissioner. This isan increase of approximately $200,000 over the revenue this time lastyear. Mr. Gray estimates that thetotal receipts for 1922 will reach2,250,000.oSPECIAL EXAMINATIONS TO BEHELDA special examination foV elementary certificates will be heldJuly 28 and 29, according to an announcement made by Superintendent of Public Instruction GeorgeColvin.In notifying the county schoolsuperintendents of the examinationSuperintendent Colvin called theirattention to a provision of the newschool laws which provides thafrfrom the first day of July, 1922, applicants for an elementary certificate must have had at least oneyear of high school work, or itsequivalent; and in addition thereto,five weeks' study of professional subjects in a State Normal school orsome other training school, recognized by the State Board of Education. No teacher holding an elementarycertificate of the first grade, whichwill not expire during the currentyear, will be admitted to any examination for elementary certificatethis year.' Persons holding secondgrade certificates can be admittedfor the purpose of, raising the .gradeof their certificates.The examination will be held inthe different counties of the Stateand as the number taking the specialJuly examination is usually muchsmaller than in the May and Juneexaminations, Superintendent Colvin suggested to the county schoolsuperintendents that only one examiner be used.oMolasses on the Water.During a hurricane in the West Indies the tank steamship Philip Publicker, carrying molasses in, bulk.1 pumped overboard 280,000 gallons oitne nqina-to smooth off the seas andbreak their force. Tha action of the'Kolasaes on the water seemed 'to liarsUMaame eatectjas oil. Snlpjfewa. ,CUTS" TRAVEL ABUSES!No More Jaunts in Vacation atExpense of Government.Uncle Sam Clamps Down the Lidon Government Railroad TravelI Vouchers Saving of Manyi Millions Being Effected.Washington. These will be no merry skylarking this summer by UncleSam's army of workers at seashoreand mountain tops at government expense. Your Uncle Sam has put a crimpin free travel abuses. The lid has beenclamped on government railroad travelvouchers. In other years thousandshave flocked to the summer resorts onthe easily procured travel slips.The young ''swell" or "pretty dol'on the government payroll in the olddays ran the gamut of "business" excuses, and drew free travel checksbesides the usual per dlqm allowancefor subsistence while absent fromWashington.Later on the usual thirty days annual vacation leave with pay allowedgovernment workers was utilized todrive dull care away.Now, however, under a rigid n economy drive, useless travel by government officials or employees of anyrank is forbidden.Bureau chiefs are held responsiblestrictly for abuses of the free travelprivilege. It is effecting a saving tothe treasury of many millions of dollars annually.Treasury experts declare that inpreceding years the government outlay for this purpose was somethingin the nature of a scandal. Everygovernment department has its corpsof special investigators and experts,many of whom want to gallop at willat government expense.Until recently officials complainedthat the hardest work performed bysome of this class was that of drawing their semi-monthly pay.The efficiency and economy program has done much to speed up work,and to eliminate waste time apdwaste motion. Under reorganizationplans government workers do not findidleness such a joy as -in the days ofold.This has come through the programof reducing the bureaus to normalstrength. It has meant a lot of trimming in personnel. Still a lot morewill be done before peace time basisis reached.SAVES 600 CHILDREN -Miss Anna L. Daniels, one of thefirst young women from the UnitedStates, to volunteer for relief work inthe Near East will return to Americashortly after having personally saved600 children in three years.Since 1919 she has been at Trebi-zond, the ancient camel terminus onthe Black sea, aiding and collectingorphan children.Miss Daniels is the daughter of thelate Charles H. Daniels of Framingham, Mass. Her mother who residesin Tolland, Conn., is president of theWomen's Board of Foreign Missions.Cripple Accumulates Fortune.Allentown, Pa. Oscar M. Schierer,fifty-five, years of age, who died herethe other day, leaves an estate of $50,000, accumulated through his efforts inbusiness during the last forty years,despite the fact that during the entiretime he was unableto move from hischair. Schierer, crippled from rheumatism, conducted his business andbuilt it up to a prosperous condition,notwithstanding the handicap of hisInfirmity.Bandit Amused ChildAs Pals Rob Fathery With her father and his clerkbound and gagged nearby, tffree-year-oldSarah Auster laughedmerrily as one bandit playedwith her while three othersrifled her daddy's jewelry storein New York' city. She gaveup the game reluctantly whenthe quartet fled with severalthousand dollars' worth of loot.The little girL watched withinterest while the bandits boundarid gagged her father and his'clerk. Then, twirling his watch,one robber said: ""Ton comeand play with me, kiddie," andshe did so until' the job hadbeen completed and the robbershad 'left with their loot Vi.w 4...:.-4iiiaaaaaaHaaLiMBEBiiWam iHsiiiawmlammflvssssssssssssssssBv '' ?';''Bv'v': !A'; "SY$iOO PrownielI -Saiette Blades NggjI xI Now at II all Dealers 'I Imagine a man beingI content with an ordinaryI shave nowadaysI when the "Brownie," a genuineI Gillette costs only $1I With three fine Gillette Blades.I GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO.I Boston, U. S. A.I - No blades likeI the qenuineI "X S. Gillette BladesiBnwaHMaa4111111 M " W"l"M"I"frfrM''M"I " 1 II I H I i 1 1 1 1 1 M tGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay137When Looking ForGOOD PAINTax il. i --..-i.mi inc LuwediGive UsWc carry everything in the Paintand Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.We're also Contracting Paintersand Paper Mangers. Let us fig- .ure on your next job.KANE BROS.AGENTS FOR THE FOY PAINTSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.'Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 3S9?T he Quickest WaySave time and energy during the warm weatherby installing a HOME TELEPHONE in your residence. Just remove the receiver from the hookand you will find our courteous operators at yourservice.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncoffporatadTry Us With That Next Job!SS PRINTINGTMC NEWS JOBXC .Nisht399raa::lia e:iruddiuie rutwaTCalls.- faAll WorkDallvcratfOa TiawaDEPARTMENTF-V 'V X test.-3f -. V r-TUESDAY, JULY 25, 122'1 J4 !lflJTBOB BOURBON NEW& 'gARBS, KENTUCKYdL- - M111cagarettesTheyareGOOD!10By dfo Cigarette aniSaveMoney3CUST GET WABEANT TO SEABCHAUTOSPeace officers may not search, automobiles suspected of transportingwhisky without a search warrant,Circuit Judge R. C. Stoll ruled atLexington, in the case of WesleyTurner which was being tried on anappeal from County Judge E. H.Doak's court, where Turner wasfined $300 and sentenced to to servesixty days in jail on a charge oftransporting liquor.Acting on the ruling of the courtin holding that Turner's arrest wasillegal, the jury hearing the case returned a verdict of not guilty andTurner was allowed to go free.The decision was rendered in sustaining a petition filed by Turner'scounsel, praying that "the acts ofsaid sheriff and deputy sheriff insearching said automobile and obtaining evidence as herein set out,be declared" unlawful and illegal,and that the evidence be adjudgedincompetent and illegal and that theconsideration of said evidence berejected by this court."In connection with .the ruling,Judge Stoll said that if a personwas arrested on a legal warrant forany charge or for speeding andliquor was found in the car, theoffender might be prosecuted fortransporting or possessing liquor.Officers may arrest persons also ifthey see liquor in their automobiles,the court said.In discussing the case, Commonwealth's Attorney Maury Kempersaid, "Under the Kentucky lawnothing can be searched without asearch warrant."STUDENTS MUST STUDY U. S.CONSTITUTIONHereafter no student will receivean academfb degree from SewaneeUniversity until he or she success-Jfully completes a course on the!Constitution of the United States.!according to a resolution adopted juy uie Doara oi trustees.The course required shallhave,special reference to and emphasizethe spirit of the founders of the republic and the interpretation of theConstitution by the highest courts'of the country.By the resolution the Universityof the South becomes the first largeinstitution of learning in Americato make it impossible for anybodyto receive a degree unless he has received a good understanding of andshows a profound respect for theAmerican Constitution.WHAT EVEBYiBOY OT0WSHow to polish a banister mostefficiently.How to get aroun.& the one-piecebathing suit.ordinase.How to keep a bath.-tub immaculate. How to get full benefit of a vacantlotHow to get fruit for nothing.How to get more than the marketprice for a catch of fish.How to save money on street carfares.How to make a favorable impression on a dog.How to dispel the tedium of ahousehold.How to get a'long without a stepladder. How to improve on the dictaphone. How to keep pillows from gettinglumrav. iHow to fall asleep without anopiate.How to beat the daylight-savingsystem.How to dress in two minutes.How to escape boredom during asermon.How to creajte a laugh in company. How to settle an argument.How to be interesting.How Anna Won Out." "Funny how things work .out sometimes," said the married marine to abaneb of bis buddies. "Two years agoI was fing around with Ethel andAm, and I couldn't for the life oframn wkica of the two I wanted temuj... Os Bight. I dropped. Into thtptst wctBf to buy a diar. BihtH H H mSL. vvoa Ldftrbart, as larg msTUfCll'NOAH'S M WASONLY A PYRAMIDThis Is Theory of Doctor Getsing-?r Based on Years of Studyand Exploration.CHEOPS WAS NOT THE BUILDERAnimals That Went J n to Ark WcrNot Material but Spiritual Animals, the Animals of the Zodiac, Aries, Taurus, Etc.Los Angeles. Noah's Ark, built tosave the human race from the floodof ancient Bible times, is still extant for all to see after 30,000 years.This Is the belief of Dr. O. B. Getsinger, Egyptologist, now visiting LosAngeles.Doctor Getslnger's conclusion isbased upon recent discoveries following 35 years' research work and intensive study. He declares that theArk of Noah was not a ship. It wasthe great pyramid, of Cheops in Egypt.Recent discoveries prove that thepyramids Noah's Ark and the otherswere, under the sea forjhousands ofyears. Near the top of each of thepyramids, at the same level, is ahighwater line, where a deep nichehas been cut into the rock by thelashing of a long-forgotten surf. Also,the inner passages of the pyramidsare thickly crusted with salt, whicha chemical analysis proves to be seasalt.Doctor Getsinger is convinced thatthese monuments were built thousands of years before Cheops, to whomthey have been accredited. Cheopsmerely repaired them and caused acasing of stones to be built overthem.Mystery of the Pyramids.And he is convinced that the pyramid stands today a living monumentto an old and noble philosophy, agreater civilization than any we havesince attained. That great pyramidwhich, together with the sphinx .andthe nine, smaller pyramids, have forcenturies exercised the wonder andastonishment of scientists, who havefrankly admitted that they could nothave been built upon any known possible conditions, and that we haveeven today no means by which theimmense stones used in the construction could be transported and adjustedInto their present position.In the great pyramid there arethree chambers which conform toGod's directions to Noah for thebuilding of the Ark against the coming of the great flood "with lower,second and third stories shalt thoumake it."And these three chambers, namedfor the three sons of Noah, Shem,Ham and Japhet, Doctor Getsingerthinks are intended to represent thethree stratas of human life and in-telligence,The chamber of Shem, thelower, symbolizes the animals whohave no souls. The second chamber,Ham, symbolizes human beings withsouls, but of lesser Intellectual andspiritual attainment. And the highestchamber, that of Japhet, symbolizestne inspired teacners tne spiritualintellectuals, souls of greater under-standing.Spiritual Animals.The entrance which is 52 feet abovethe ground, Doctor Getsinger declares,was so placed that the North Star,the polar star, could shine directlyinto the interior from the Heavenswhlch it did 30,000 years ago, andafter a complete cycle, so shines againtoday.This Egyptologist thinks that theanimals that went into the Ark werenot material animals but spiritualanimals, the animals of the ZodiacAries, the Bam; Taurus, the Bull;Cancer, the Crab; Leo, the Lion;Scorpio, the Scorpion (Insects); Caprlcornus, the Goat ; Pisces, ,the Fish,together with H. Gemini, the Twins;Virgo, the Virgin Libra, the Balance; Sagittarius, the Archer, andAquarius, the Water-Bearer.The great flood of Noah's day didnot submerge the whole of the present known world, but included onlythe ancient lost continent of Atlantisand Egypt. Atlantis has never reappeared, but Egypt, after 12,000 yearsunder the sea, was resettled by immigrants from other lands, together withtheir animals.FOCH LEADS BLIND SOLDIERFrench Marshal Rebukes AttendantWho Says He Hasn't Time toAssist the Sightless One.Paris. "Excuse me; am I near theWounded Soldiers' institute?" askeda blind veteran of a passing pedestrian as he tapped his way along thesidewalk. "I've been there only twiceand I'm not quite sore of the way."'"You are close to it now; let metake you," came the reply.Arriving at the door the guide saidto the janitor: "Kindly take this manto the section for the blind.""Take -him yourself," growled thejanitor. "Under the archway on theother side of the courtyard."The civilian did so, but on the wayout addressed fche janitor, again."Couldn't you be a little more obliging to the blind?" he asked gentlyl"There are too many and I haven'tthe time," was the response.."It seems to me It is yur duty tohelp them," said the other. "I can ladAPPETITE FINE,GAINS TWENTYSEVEN POUNDSHe Never Hisses A Day From JobSince Taking Tanlac, Says ThisAkron Han Mother Also Bestored To Good Health."Our whole household believes inTanlac for it restored my mother tohealth a year ago and has built meup twenty seven pounds," said Ackerson C. Ball, 323 Dean street,Akron, O."I was almost skin and bones andwas so weak and run down for several years I had to knock off workand go to bed for two or three weeksat a time. My stomach was so weakthat when I did manage to forcedown some food I suffered from burning sensations and intense pains."Well, Tanlac had restored mymother when she was flat of herback for a long time and had triedeverything else without result, so Itook Tanlac, too. It is surprisingthe way it went after my trouble.I gained twelve pounds the first twoweeks and have never missed ,a dayfrom work since. We'll praise Tanlac the longest day we live.'Tanlac is sold by all good druggists. TEACHERS HAY USE SUPPLEHENTAL BOOKSTeachers of Kentucky are free touse any supplemental books theymay select, it was stated in a lettermailed out by George Colvin, StateSuperintendent of Public Instruction, to all superintendents.This letter was prompted by thefact that "some overzealous and enterprising book companies and supply companies have printed and distributed through the State lists ofbasal and supplemental books thatare at least misleading.""They give," the letter continues,"what purports to be a list of official adoption ,basal and supplementary books and state that the lawrequires the use of the ' pretendedofficial list." Mr. Colvin emphasizesthat it is not the purpose nor the desire of his department to dictate toany teacher or any board what supplementary books are to be used bythem. The present text book law, itis pointed out, makes it compulsoryonly that schools use the adoptedbasal text books, but does not limitthe use of supplementary text booksprovided they are not used in theplace of the basal texts.County school superintendents insome counties of the State are imposing on the teachers as a part oftheir contract the obligation of prodding coal, chalk, brooms and othersupplies, according to a statementby Mr. Colvin, who called attentionto the fact that these contracts arenot legal. Mr. Colvin is writing aletter to the county superintendentsadvising them that contracts of thiskind should be recalled.GOOD NEWSHany Paris Eeaders Have Heard Itand Profited Thereby"Good news travels fast," andthe many bad back sufferers in Parisare glad to learn where relief maybe found. Many ay lame, weak andaching back is bad no more, thanksto Doan's Kidney Pills. Our citizensare telling the good news of theirexperience with this "tested remedy.Here is an example worth reading:Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, Paris, says: "I fell and received an injury which left my kidneys in a weakened condition. Isuffered severely, and although Itook different remedies nothing gaveme a bit of relief. My back achedand pained until I thought it wouldbreak and sharp twinges of painshot through my kidneys. In oneweek after taking Doan's KidneyPills I felt like a different womanand I still take them when I feel mykidneys need a tonic." (Statementgiven .February 17, 1908.)On November 12, 1920, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills arecertainly all they are claimed to beand I recommend them just asstrongly to-day as I did many yearsago. I gladly confirm my formerstatement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo N. Y.Nt Hard Folinga.' Dlner"Whtre's the ckanger Walter Dar ain't no change; dat's man.tip.", Dimtr "Butt J didn't ttU toto hare it" Waiter "Oh, dat's allSURGERY ANCIENT ART.Were Skilled In Treating Diseases3,000 Years Ago.Delicate Operations, Hitherto ThoughtModern, Revealed by EgyptianDocument Shows Evidenceof Advanced Knowledge.Chicago. The restoration of youthto the aged, attempted recently bymeans of animal glands, was also attempted at least 3,000 years ago, according to Dr. James H. Breasted ofthe University of Chicago. An "Incantation of Transforming an Old ManInto a Youth of Twenty" is set forthin the Edwin Smith papyrus, theEgyptian document which DoctorBreasted has declared contains unparalleled x evidence of advancedknowledge and scientific spirit on thepart of Egyptian physicians of 1800 B.C. or earlier.The incantation, on the contrary, hesaid, is characterized by reliance onhocus-pocus. Doctor Breasted's theoryis that an extraordinary book on surgery and external medicine fell intothe hands of a quack who was moreinterested in charms for making oldmen young, and who had the incongruous texts combined in the same roll.Thus in the papyrus magical formulaejostle an exposition of delicate surgical operations heretofore believed tobe decidedly modern., JThe handwriting indicates that itwas probably written about 1800 B. C,and it was thought to be a copy of amanuscript that is at least a thousand years older. The original mayhave been written as early as 3400 B.C, it is thought, by some of the wordswhich appear in the manuscript andwhich were long out of vogue in 1800B. C.The manuscript also contains "TheIncantation of Expelling the Wind ofthe Year of Pest." This shows thewidely prevalent notion which haspersisted to the present day that thewinds carry malignant plagues. Thelast two parts of the papyrus arewritten in a very different handwriting from the front page.The columns in front treat of thehead, the mouth, the neck and thespine, here the papyrus stops, but it isevident that the remainder treated thelower body.The first group of ten cases described treat of wounds of the head, ofwhich seven are knife and swordwounds. The surgeon is instructedhow to probe the wound and in caseof a severe knife wound told, "Youshould have made for him a woodenbrace padded with linen (and have)the head fastened to it. Histreatment should be sitting, placed betweentwo supports of brick, Until you knowwhether he is making any progress."Case 8 deals with "a fracture of thejskull under the skin." The surgeon istold to operate, to open at the point ofcontusion, and "to elevate the depression outward." It is possible trephining Is involved here; if so it is theearliest mention of it in history.HELICOPTER SUCCESS, CLAIMInventor Brennan Aided by Government Perfects Plane Said toRise Vertically.London, England. A successful helicopter, dream of aviation experimenters for years, has been devised byLouis Brennan, with the aid of theBritish government, according to thePall Mall Gazette. Mr. Brennan is theinventor" of the Brennan torpedo andthe gyroscopic monorail.It Is claimed the new helicopter canrise from and land on a small roof.hover stationary In the air, rise to aheight of 2,000 feet and fly sixty milesan hour. All these requirements wereto have been fixed by the British airministry, which was preparing to offerfor their fulfillment a prize of 50,000.The newspaper predicts that thehelicopter will bring flying into everyday business and social life and adds :"For military purposes Its ability tohover stationary over a given spotgives it almost incalculable value. Ithas, moreover, the quality of virtualInvisibility owing to the blurred appearance of the rotating surfaceswhich keep It suspended in the air.wWoman's Love Fails to Lift.Denver, Colo. John Randolph,thief, whose wife said she was formerly Miss Elizabeth Calhoun, agraduate of the University of Chicagoand daughter of MrsC. 'W. Dawson,wealthy resident of Kankakee, 111.,was sentenced the other day by District Judge Butler to serve from fiveto nine years in the penitentiary. Mrs.Randolph declared she married Randolph to reform him after her mother,Mrs. Dawson, had secured his releasefrom the Missouri state penitentiary.jvssNvrssvvrssrssssy,svN VExtinguished Rival'sLove With Fire HoseFloyd Hide of Akrons O., incourt on charges preferredagainst him by Joe Mosturzo,told the judge that "Joe wascoming home wiih my wife andI turned the hose on him. Idon't know how many times shehad been with him before, butI decided to put out whateverlove fires might be burning, andI sure soaked 'em, judge."Judge Pardee told Mosturzohe had been given ' the rightkind of treatment and J dismissed' the case.-TBE tftttSERSAt CARHFARMERSOF BOURBON COUNTYHave You Figured on How Much Yon Can Sirewith a F0RDS0N TRACTOR in Plowing andPreparing Your Ground, Filling Your Silos,Harvesting Your Crop and Numerous OtherThings?Just stop and figure the difference in cost in theoldway and with the use of a Fordson. Do not wait untilyou are ready to begin work and then have to wait foryour tractor. -Place your order now while we can giveyou immediate delivery.$125.00 Places a Tractor in your FieldRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYiXKHBttSXaXSE:-:i BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 47WPA7.4lfei..9j jhm - rt.tAvH - ! WEBmU W.lHH I CaMLWJ'ws m.tH'iJML K;VivlH1 " OggiiMHky1 1 AJB'H '7VH4ilffi! fis 4?wThe Bourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky1X1!23SX;XLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGIN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.- . fcMM&Two - Year - Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO. fcFLORISTS''NuMtetaik SL ;UmrMm . KP1mm HIXlHXSiXILaundryWest Fifh StreetIK!1 SATISFACTIONffl OUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry aDDliancesan( expert helpers we are jfprepared to do work infe- I3 nor xo none, ana sonar x$ your patronage.iKiwtlliil m MmmiLaJljv& J& oref-r?-vrB&M rw rw AMi.- - v .2Lfr?- j rasnuCK.!TCTWJftritZT'VrdH.w.Ia'.!!S"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTIflBSDAY,. JXJLT ir ir "FAGE EIGHT- V' " - - - - . .- r .. s JV'i.,MILLERSBURGNews Items Prom Bonr-Wa County's College Town-vjy Mrs. Adams, of Georgetown, isluest of Mrs. H. C. Current.. " Mrs. Atta Young is guest ofrelatives and friends in Carlisle.Mr. Frank VanDeren, of Lex-j&agton, is visiting Mr. J. D. Letton.Misses Hattie and Edith Wood-were visitors in Lexington, Thursday. Mr. Harry Lee, of Brooksville,-visited Miss Margaret Wood, Sunlay. , Miss Lois Ingels is visiting herlister, Mrs. Jas. Dowden, in Emiaiece. Mrs. J. H. Williams, of Virginia, is visiting her sister, Mrs. 0.3S Hurst.Miss Nannie Louise Best, ofXexington, is visiting her brother,.A. S. Best.Mrs. Lyle Buffington, of Columbus, Ohio, is visiting her sister, Mrs.Allie Miller.Mrs. B. F. McCormick, of Florida, is visiting her daughter, Mrs.-Jesse Letton.Mrs. Annie Jefferson has re--turnedfrom a visit with her son,Garrett Jefferson, in Paris.Mrs. Frank Davis, of Louisville,lias returned home, accompanied bylier sister, Miss Pauline Jones.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Peterson attended the funeral and burial ofJChas. H. Peterson, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Allie Miller and sons, William and Hart, have returned from a-rsisit with relatives in Columbus,' Ohio.Prof, and Mrs. A. C. Klockseim,of Ann Arbor, Michigan, have re--turnedhome after a visit with relvatives here.Rev. G". W. Nutter, pastor of-the Millersburg Christian church,-will begin a revival meeting at theJackstown church, on Monday, Au-'jgust 7.The Montgomery County Fair-at Mt. Sterling the past week wasextensively patronized by Millers-"burg people. Several from here hadexhibits of livestock at the Fair.Scoutmaster Cletis Evans andBoy Scout Troop No. 1, of Millers." sburg, have returned from a vacation spent on the banks of Hinkston creek. They made the trip onJioot, and enjoyed a marshmallow;and weinerwurst roast as a part ofthe program.The Young Peoples' MissionarySociety of the Methodist church2ield its annual out-door meeting atnhe country home of Miss Alfa Ball,"Friday afternoon. After a shortbusiness session, presided over bythe president, Miss Hattie Wood, aninteresting program on the "Orien--tals of the Pacific Coast" was given.A picnic lunch was served. Mrs. C.-IC. Best, who has always been inter--ested in this society, and who entertained them very recently, was aguest of the occasion. Toastsj were 4given by Miss Margaret wood anaMiss Pauline Jones, to Mrs, Bestand Mrs. Jas. Ellington, who aresoon to leave for their new homes.Ice cream and cake was then served Iby the hostess.ovREMODELINGSALEOn account of re-,modeling our storeAugust 8th it isnecessary to sacrifice our entire stockI oi Spring and Sum-difiI41imerClothingFurnishingsHatsand Capsat reduced prices.Now is your opportunity to secureextra good values.Come early anddon't delay.Price & Co.ClothirftDEATHSMkk I M 'flLfci' B " ,4bW ' i SBC; . s0L , flHH JA i k I 1 yMm Mk HSk MV m m iii. i ma b . i m m A, thatre II AND If (opera houstA IIJ"" I m m wm Em M m Wm m MB M vB Hi B P MHiMaawTiHria H H H m vA H Bi IHILife Ii But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayCHASEThe funeral and burial of Mrs.Myrtle H. Chase, who died at thehome of her sister, Mrs. Minnie H.Bronough, in Lexington, was held inthat city Friday afternoon. Mrs.Chase was a sister of Mrs. W. S.Phelps, of Little Rock, this county.She is survived by three children,one brother and six sisters.HILLNancy Hill, aged thirteenmonths, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Harry Hill, died Saturday night ofcolitis, at the family home on Winchester street. The funeral washeld Sunday afternoon at 3:30o'clock, with services conducted atthe grave in the Paris Cemetery, byRev. C. H. Greer, pastor of the Methodist church.EDWARDSThe funeral of Mrs. Sallie Nelson Edwards, aged eighty-six, whodied at the home of her daughter,Mrs. Grant Vivian, in Harrodsburg,was held Saturday afternoon in thatcity. The interment took place inthe Harrodsburg Cemetery. Mrs.Edwards was the widow of Dr. Edwards, a prominent physician ofHarrodsburg. who died several yearsago.Besides her daughter, Mrs. Vivian, she is survived by one sister,Mrs. J. T. McGrath, of Harrodsburg,formerly of Paris, and a niece, Mrs.L. T. Lilleston, of Paris.DcMOSSMrs. Irene Cassidy DeMoss,wife of Prof. W. F. DeMoss, diedlast week at her home in BattleCreek, Mich., after a long illness.Miss DeMoss was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Cassidy, former residents of Paris, and previousto her marriage was a teacher inthe Lexington public schools.Besides her husband, Mrs. DeMossis survived by one sister, Mrs. Bryant White, of Lynchburg, Va., andthree brothers, former Mayor J.Ernest Cassidy, Samuel Cassidy andH. K. Cassidy, of Lexington.In accordance with her wishes,her body was cremated at Chicago,and the ashes interred on the familylot at Flemingsburg, the old homeof her parents.CHANSLORA message was received inParis yesterday MUng of the deathin a Cincinnati hospital yesterdaymorning of W. F. Chanslor, agedforty-four, a former resident ofMillersburg, and well known inParis, where he had relatives andfriends.Mr. Chanslor is survived by onedaughter, Miss Nancy Chanslor, ofParis, one brother, Isaac Chanslor,Lexington, and six sister, Mrs. T. T.Wilson, of Muir, Mrs. Frank Armstrong, and Mrs Chas. Galbraith, ofMason county, Mrs. Berry Bedford,Misses Florence and Lillian Chanslor, of Lexington.The funeral and burial will beheld at Shannon, Ky., at a time tobe announced later.RELIGIOUSA Bsume of Events In SeligiomCircles For Iresent andFuturePrayer meeting Wednesdayevening at 7:30 at Presbyterianchurch. Mrs. Thornwell Tadlockwill give a talk upon her trip toMontreat.jSixty members of the Paris Baptist-churchmotored to Carlisle Friday night and attended the revivalmeeting being conducted there byRev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the Parischurch. The meeting will continuethrough this week.One of the most enjoyableevents of the past week was thebanquet given in Winchester Fridaynight by members of the SpencerBible Class. Among those attendingwere Dennis V. Snapp and Ray Ingels, of Paris.At the annual banquet of theParis Epworth League Chapter,held at the Methodist church, reports from the recent annual conference held at Somerset were madeby delegates, Miss Ruth Wheelerand Mrs. A. J. Hornback. Addresseswere made by J A. Bricken, of Lexington, president of the KentuckyConference League, and Dr. W. E.Arnold, editor of the Central Methodist, at Louisville. Y. H. Harrison,local president, was toastmaster.About seventy members of theLeague were present.FOUE BOOM COTTAGE FOB SALE.-Cottage, four rooms, 234 Lilleston avenue, property of Mrs. E. L.Kenton, at public sale Tuesday,Aucuat 2, at 2:00 p. m., by Harrii,Speakea k. Harris.lXilt ,.,. .,jMm2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 tp 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.TUESDAYVodyil and PicturesTUESDAYMAY McAVOY in "A Virginia Courtship"A romance of a lovely girl and a manly boy a story based on one of the most popular plays of the last generation.Vodvil Attraction MLLE. TOINETTE GARARD, Mezzo SopranoPATHE WEEKLY AND A "GREEN HORN" COMEDYWednesday Free Day TWO ON ONE ADMISSION Wednesday Free DayCONSTANCE BINNEY in "Midnight"Winsome Constance. Binney in a drama of youthful folly, a mid-summer madness, a hasty marriage, a disappearing bridegroom under circumstances which point to his death, slow forgetfulness, a new found love. Then the return of the banished bridegroom These are theelements of this strong play.AIS0 PATHE WEEKLY AND EDUCATIONAL COMEDY, "GREEN HORN."THURSDAY 4 Big Stars A William DcMille Production THURSDAYMILTON SILLS LL.THE0. ROBERTS in "Miss Lulu Bett"The play that half New York saw and talked about. The book that half of America read, and raved about now on the screen, for allParis to enjoy! A picture of unusual appeal, because it deals with the lives of American people as no picture ever did before.PATHE SERIAL, "GO GET 'EM HUTCH," AND SNUB POLLARD COMEDY, "DO ME A FAVOR."SPEARS MILLS ITEMSMiss Mabel Wagner, of nearCarlisle, is visiting at the home ofher uncle, Robert Sosby.Mr. and Mrs. George Harp havereturned to Millersburg after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. S. R. Hudnall.Miss Birdie Crowe has returned to her home in Cincinnati aftera visit to her uncle, W. F. Mitchell.BORN-'-Suiday morning, tothe wife of Willie Long, a son; thirdboy. Mrs. Long was formerly Mis'sElizabeth Steagall.Fotch Parrish has returned toto his home in Cincinnati after avisit to his brother in-law, QuincyHinkson, and family.Mrs. Thomas Day and daughter, Mrs. Viola Connell, of Jackstown, were guests Sunday of Mr.and Mrs. Virgil Harney.Hallie Hudnall, James Dragoo,Jesse Saunders, John Sanders andLeslie Howard attended the Mt.Sterling Fair the past week.Miss Mamie Crow, of Cincinnati, and Miss Loubelle Feeback, ofMillersburg, are guests at the homeof their uncle, W. F. Mitchell.Mr. and Mrs. Willie Hudnall, ofCenterville, spent Saturday and Sunday as guests of the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Hudnall.We regret to hear that JohnHill, formerly of Spears Mills, isvery ill at his home in Nicholascounty. Mr. Hill is in the eightythird year of his age, and his recovery is doubtful.Virgil Harney met with a painful accident Saturday afternoon.While he was coming from Pariswith a load of lumber a tire cameloose. Mr. Harney went to removethe wheel and the axle of the wagonfell on his foot, mashing it badly.The Spears Mills baseball teamsuffered their first shut-out game ofthe season last Saturday, when apicked team from the four ChurchLeague teams of Paris defeated thelnby the score of 12 to 0. The localteam will cross bats with the NorthMiddletown team next Thursday,and a good game is expected.J nWarden, J. A. Dodson, of Maysville;Grand Secretary, R. G. Ellett, ofLexington; Grand Treasurer, B. J.Durham, of Danville; Grand Representative, J. Whit Potter, of Bowling Green. To be directors of theOdd Fellows Home: W. V. Gregory,of Louisville, Beckham Overstreet,of Louisville, B. A. Logan, of Shelbyville, Roy Forman, of Lexington,Miss Mattie Dalton, of Lexington.GAME WARDENS MAE3S RAIDState Game Warden A. W. Bullock, and County Game Warden Jas.D. McClintock, both of Paris, madeanother raid on fish and game trapsin Harrison county, near the Robertson county line. They blew upwith dynamite two large fish dams,in Licking river, each containingtwo fish traps. Five basket trapswere found near the river, secretedin high weeds. These were also destroyed. No arrests were made, butthe officials have clues they areworking up, which may lead to thecapature of the law violators.The Shelbyville Record, commenting on Mr. Bullock's good work,says:"State Game Warden Bullock, formerly of Shelbyville, was fired on byviolators of the fish and game lawsfive times while investigating theirmisdeeds in Robertson and Harrisoncounties the first of the week. All ofthe bullets missed their mark. Mr.Bullock, whose record as a publicofficial has always been praiseworthy, is now making his headquarters at Paris."Chinese astronomical records goback to 2356 B. C.Street begging is greatly .on theincrease in London.A cyclone moves at the. rate of585 yards a second.A bird can generally lift one-halfmore than its own weight.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage- SuppliesCars WashedATTEND KENTON SALEHarris, Speakes & Harris will sellpublicly on Tuesday, August 2, at2:00 p. m., the home of Mrs. E. L.Kenton, 234 Lilleston avenue. Seeadvertisement in this issue.(21-3t)L0DGEN0TESThe Masons in Kentucky will bevery glad to know that the RacingCommission has arranged for thefall races to begin in Louisville onAugust 30, 1922, and will completethe season there before the GrandLodge opens on the third Tuesday inOctober. Last year the races andthe Grand Lodge meeting conditions were Entirely inadequate. Onehundred Masons -were compelled togo home because they could find noplace to sleep.The Million Dollar Committee ofthe Masonic Widows' and Orphans'Home, at Louisville, of which G.Allison Holland is chairman, has notonly secured subscriptions for -themillion dollars to build the new Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home,but its subscriptions to date amountto $1,129,0000, and the committee is endeavoring to make the sum$l,500,OOpo, in order that theymay have the most modern and complete home erected anywhere.Mayor E. B. January, of Paris,Grand Master of the Kentucky OddFellows, whose duty under the lawis to count the vote of election ofGrand Lodge officers, reports the!following selections for the mxfc:term:Grand M&siter. X C. TT1hnra ntEainenct; -Deputy Grand MaitSr,Jmm Dirttofl, offgoMtratt; Grdk-iOn Sale This Week inAMAZINGSHOEIAI III fl -i-Great Money-Savingu -imGreat stocks of this season's newest styles most desirable footwear at reductions from 20 per cent to 40 per cent.The savings are almost unbelievable not until you see them will you be convinced that they do exist here. REMEMBER ONLY RELIABLE, DEPENDABLEMERCHANDISE OFFERED IN THI$ SALE.Clean Sweep Sale of Ladies Footwear Newest Styles White CanvasLace Oxfords and Straps. Reduced &4 IP51.45Ladies' $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 TanOxfords and Straps, also Grey 4 jrSuedes. Reduced to J B(JjLadies' $3.50 and $4.00 Patent andTan Straps and Oxfords, Reduced frf jrto JZ.4DLadies' $4.00 to $5.00 Tan, Patentsand Kid Straps and Oxfords. Re- j Qrduced to ZUwClean Sweep Sale of Men's Footwear Men's $4.00 Tan Dresb Shoesand Oxfords, rubber heels. Re-" A npduced to JZ.UUMen's $5.00 Grades Shoes and Ox- A jrfords, rubber heels. Reduced to. . JJ.tDMen's $7.00, $8.00 and $9.00 HighGrade Shoes and Walk-Over Ox- f j qpfords. Reduced to t. 3f a0uMen's $2.50 Tan Elk Outing Shoes f nnow Jl.aMen's Tan Army Last Work f 4 apShoes, now J bJJJClean Sweep Sales Missses' andChildren's Slippers, White Canvasand Tan $3.49 Grades Tan and 4 APPatents, now JBuJ$2.99 Children's Slippers,. 4 jQnow . . m I avOne lot Slippers, $2.50 grades, 4 jpInfants' $1.25 Kid Straps CO ABoys' and Youths' $3.00 Tan Shoes 4 AAall sizes, 1 to 6, now .. ... .. jBJjw WDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shec StoreWhere Beauty Ecoamy Reii1 S'-w .rnlviKLfcT,..-itv -. -lZ : "iJ Jj; v2-rr. r