n ',t-iirlmPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY BS' THE YEAR.m&h 'rTr VrfVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 18, 1922'-"", . - -- -.- .riStatfttaW- '-' "ii .. V- ,-,- ; --,. .,. - '., V:- ' .w,' .. J '. VLmLZjL$tfU?-iiijO S "BUUUM M BBI BBBBBBBBJ. -TBBBBBBk-; .BBim. BA SB BBBBBBBSv..BlHBm,BlHL BBV BSl -T.iin BW SM fSBBBBBSlM s."Sa-.-ii SVC -' 'T ST7" . : . IKTI1 BTE9 ITS JF?Bml .." mSFT A"STsrBl?r"int Duimoun nLWO9'vAVv.BTIBLEY GEOWERS TO MEET INLEXINGTON.Plans for a meeting of Burley tobacco growers to be held at the Experiment Station, in Lexington.August 10 for the purpose of acquainting the growers with thelworkt of the station along tobaccolines and presenting several subjects of special interest to growersof the crop were announced by station authorities. Chief interest inthe program of the meeting is expected to be centered around theexperiments being conducted by thestation to compare root rot restraint-strains of tobacco with the Burleyvarieties commonly grown in Kentucky. Marked differences alreadyare noticeable between restraintand common varieties in the plots"where they are being grown side by-side on the station farm and by thetime of the meeting it is expectedthat the value of the restraint varieties in controlling the rot will beplainly evident. The disease isheld to be the most serious one ofthe tobacco crop in Kentucky.Speakers announced vfor theing include James C. Stone,meet-president of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association; R. M.Barker, director of the warehousesfor the association; Director Thos.P. Cooper, of the station; E. J. Kenney, tobacco specialist of the plantpathologist. Mr. Barker will givea demonstration showing how farmers can realize a better price fortheir crop by more careful grading.oHAH INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(july7 tf )oSUCCESSOR TO "HUMORESQUE"Another Fannie Hurst story willbe seen on the screen at the Alamoand Grand this afternoon and tonight, Tuesday, July 18. It is "JustAround the Corner," a ParamountCosmopolitan picture, directed byFrances Marion, who also wrote thescenario. It is hailed as an epic ofthe East Side of New York and afitting successor to "Humoresque."ORDER YOUR BLACKBERRIESDon't wait until they are allgone before you place your order.Order to-day and you will get themas soon as possible.C. P. COOK & COi.""THE PRIDE OF PARIS"OUR BUYERS ARE NOW IN THEMARKET AND THE MERCHANDISEARRIVING DAILY HAS BEEN PURCHASED AT PRICES THAT ALLOWSOME VERYREMARKABLE VALUES250 Gingham DressesFor Street Bungalow and Porch French andFins Tissues Some worth to $7.00$2.98 and $3.98Sizes to 48$13.50 and $15.00Fine VoilesSizes 42 1-2 to 541-2$7.95DarkColorsImportedDotted:Values to $16.50$9.85All Sizes: 'i1-' $9.85 v 2; j f . All Sizes$. Voile Dresses ' &? ;ft i : j "',-; Dark Colors ' Sr- - r m: . DEPARTMENT STORE yI PARISKENTUCKY :1& J'I ff . r IUEGENT NOTICE TO THE PEOPLEOF PAEIS AND BOURBONCOUNTYParis, Ky., July 18, 1922,The following communication isself-explanatory, and complying withits contents, the City and CountyBoards of Health do hereby order allunconfined and unmuzzled dogs to bedestroyed by the proper authoritiesThis notice to be in effect until revoked. A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.SILAS EVANS,County Health Officer."Acting upon the authority conferred upon it by law," the Jj;mest !reads, "the State Board of Mealth icalls your attention to a widespreadepidemic of rabies in dogs in theState. In counties in almost everysection of Kentucky men, womenand chidren have been bitten by maddogs and a large number of livestock has been similarly infected anddestroyed. -"In order to prevent a widespreadepidemic of this very dangerous dis-ease, this Board requests you imme-diately to issue such instructionsto your subordinates as will cuasethem to destroy, as painlessly aspossible, all stray dogs found running at large in any part of yourjurisdicton."All dogs should be consideredstray dogs which are at large unmuzzled for the next sixty days hereafter." Given under our hands and ,theseal of the Board at Louisville, thisJuly 14, 1922."L. G. McMURTRY,President."A. T. CcCORMACK,"Secretary."TAKES NEW POSITIONJay R. Petree, of Oregon, -Mo.,nephew of Dr. Martha Petree, ofParis, has just received his Master'sDegree in electrical engineering atthe University of Cincinnati. Mr.Petree recently returned from a visitto his parents, at Oregon, and stopped over in Paris for a shorjt visit tohis aunt.Mr. Petree has gone to Indianapolis Ind., where he has taken a position as head engineer in a largegas plant.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYAN-VNormandySwissesBASE BALLSUNDAY'S RESULTSParis 8, Winchester 1.Cynthiana 8, Mt. Sterling 3.Lexington 4, Maysvlle 3, (12 innings.) THURSDAY'S GAMESParis at Cynthiana.Mt., Sterling at Maysville.Lexington at Winchester.CLUB STANDINGWon Lost Ptc.PARIS 4 0 1.000Maysville . . .3 1 .750Lexington . ..2 2 .500Cynttiiana . ..2 2 .500Mt. Sterling. . .1 3 .250Winchester .,..0 4 .000CynthianaIn the game at Winchester, Saturday the Mammoths shut out theWinchester team by a score of 1 to0. The game was a pitcher's duelbetween "Rasty" Wright and Wills.Wright yielded but two singles, buthis support was wabbly at times andthe Paris team made their lone scorej in the fourth inning on two errorsand a sacrifice. Paris played perfect ball behind Wills, who allowedonly fourv hits, one being a threebagger by Hisle. Wright struck outnine men, while Wills was officially'.credited with seven. Both pitchersplayed a fine game. The batterieswere: For Paris, Wills and Bracke,for Winchester, Wright and Gerhouse. The game went one hour andforty-five minutes, Spade umpiring.Paris fans were delighted with thesplendid showing made by the Mammoths. The Paris delegation largelyoutnumbered the attendance fromthe Winchester "eide of the game..There are eight .300 batters in theBlue Grass League, according toofficial figures just igven out. Fourof these are Paris players, as follows: Nippert, 394; Cicona, 367,Bracke, 364; Wills, 309. These averages were figured on nine gamesand do 'not include Saturday andSunday games:ADD BASE BALLHundreds of Paris fans who journeyed to Winchester, Sunday saw theMammoths take another game fromthe Winchester team, the score being 8 to 1. The game was not asfull of thrills as that of Saturday,when the Mammoths blankedtheDodgers in a shut-out game. rParis hit Coleman hard and" tookadvantage of costly errors made bythe Dowgers. Miner was in excellent foim, and pitched a good game,allowing but six hits, which wereallowing but six hits, which werewell scattered. A feature of thegame was the hitting by Ollie Mann,who rapped out several good ones.The game was witnessed by an unusually large crowd, fully one-halfbeing from Paris and Bourbon county. The batteries were: For Paris,Miner and Macke; for Winchester,Coleman and Grehouse. The gamewent for one hour and fifty-five minutes and was unmpired by Spade.All "fans" . are a unit in givingcredit to Hurst, Lexington's "castoff" for the victory in which theMammoths scored against Lexingtonin Thursday's game at Lexington.This was Hurst's first appearance ina Paris uniform, and he made hisentry memorable against his formerteammates. In the second inningHurst drove one of Monhollen'ssouthpaw curves over the left-fieldfence, with Mann resting on thirdbase, which brought a two-run leadfor the Mammoths. Again in thesixth inning Hurst, after getting tofirst base on a pass, pranced acrossthe plate with the third run of thegame. ,In the Church League series thePresbyterians defeated the Baptistsin the game played on HancockField Friday afternoon by a score of6 to 5. The game was well-playedat all points. The next game injthe series will be between the Baptists and the Methodists this (Tuesday) afternoon.On account of the death of PaulJones, who was a member of theSunday School closs of the Methodist church, the baseball gamescheduled for this afternoon between the Methodist and Baptistteams in the Church League, has beenpostponed tintil another date, duenotice of which will be giventhrough the press.INCORPORATION ARTICLES APPROVEDArticles incorporating the Kentucky Bluegrass Seed Association,were approved and a charter issuedfrom the office of the Secretary ofState, at Frankfort, Saturday. Theorganization is non-stock, (BinghamCo-operative Association act) andthe incorportorators are LewisRogers and L. A. Soper, of Paris,and seventeen others from Paris,Lexington, Winchester and Mt.Sttrli. m v -sv4Most ;U-mj n4 al'tirVTHE STRIKE SITUATIONPresident Harding personally intervened Saturday in the railroadstrike situation, but the success ofhis efforts to remedy conditions, nowadmitted generally by governmentofficials .to be serious, will remainundetermined until this week, whenthe officers of the United Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way employes meet in Detroit.The President discussed the strikesituaation at length with E. F.Grable and Fred L. Frick, executiverepresentatives of the maintenanceof way employes.A statement announced that thePresident received for the first timedirect information as to the workers' side to the controversy and alsofor the firs't time presented directto a recognized representative ofthe employes the position ' of thegovernment.Peace negotiations to end theshopmen's strike were temporarilyat a standstill following Friday'sseparate conferences between shopcrafts leaders, rail executives andRailroad Labor Board members.Executives of western railroadsdeclared they will not agree to anyplan inconsistent with the LaborBoard's decision, but are willing toattend any meeting or hearing toeffect a settlement in line with theBoard's rulings.E. F. Grable, head of the maintenance of way organization, aftera conference with President Harding, said tthere would be no immediate walkout of his organization.Chairman Cummins, of the Interstate Commerce Committee, saidhearings will be started soon looking toward a revision of the transportation act.A veil of silence descended like ablanket over the rail strike situationyesterday as both railroad heads andstrike leaders turned hopeful eyestoward the momentous developmentsthe new week was expected to bringforth.The bitterness which has markedthe progress of the walkout at timesduring the past two weeks seemedto have been succeeded by a peacealmost approaching an understanding. Railroads must cease their reported efforts to compel maintenance ofway workers to perform the dutiesof .striking shop employes or thef H i rL. 3 & 111 T-imttateuance ui way uuzu. win ueCaTrerl out on- strike. E. F. Garble,international president of the maintenance of way brotherhood declared at Chicago, yesterday.Mr. Grable indicated that in anyevent, no strike action by his organization could be expected beforeThuisday, the date he has set for ameeting of the brotherhood's grandlodge, which includes the generalchairman of all divisions and members of the executive council.-o-ETHEL CLAYTON IN "EXIT THEVAMP"Is it possible for a wife to vampher4 husband? Can she sufficientlyconceal her identity by the aid ofcosmetics to prevent recognition anddelude her husband into the beliefthat she is the other woman withwhom he is temporarily infatuated?In her new Paramount picture,"Exit the Vamp," which will bethe big feature at the Alamo andGrand to-morrow . (Wednesday) . afternoon and evening. Ethel Clayton answers these questions emphatically in the affirmative. . Jn fact,she- proves that a wife who is neglected by her husband in favor ofanother woman, may win him backagain by vamping him. while if shecreated a volent scene, she mighthave lost him forever.Miss Clayton has an exceptionally strong role in this new ClaraBeranger story produced by FrankUrson with unusually artistic results. It is an appealing story, withmany gripping qualities and situations that thrill.T. 'Roy Barnes, a well knownstage player, plays opposite MissClayton. Fountaine La Rue, whoscored heavily in "The Lost Romance" and "Beytind" is seen as thevamp in this production. TheodoreRoberts, "the grand old man of thescreen," has a congenial role, andothers in the .cast include WilliamBoyd, Mickey Moore and MattiePeters.O"IMPORTED STALLIONS SHIPPEDArtur B. Hancock, of ClaiborneFarm, near Paris, has received acablegram from London stating thatthe stallions. War Cloud and StarHawk, which he leased from A. K.McComber, and the yearling sisterof Star Hawk, which he purchasedfrom- J. B. Noel's . consignment tothe recent sales at Newmarket, arecoming over on the Menominee,which sailed several days ago forAmerica.The two stallions were in Franceand were sent across .the EnglishChannel in order to catch the-outgoing seamer for America. Watn thsysrriTsd Ikty will- bs plassd im-HrrHsnoock's, Claisonw Stuff,,; at his,iisjmMMsafclpiHsvsX. -MOONSHINE CAPTTOED INBAIDSArmed with search warrants,Sheriff M. Peale Collier, DeputySheriffs Gibson and Thomas, made aseries of raids at suspected placesSaturday morning, taking in tow alarge amount of moonshine liquor,and taking one man into custody.One of the places visited was thehome of Annie English white, onWest street. When the officers reached the door, it was alleged she metthem' with a pistol in Iier hand.The weapon was knocked out of herhand by Sheriff Collier, when sherushed to a bed and secured anotherone. Thiswas also taken from herby the officers and. the house wassearched. No liquor was found inthe place.At the home of Sam Howard, colored, on Locust street, in Claysvilleabout one gallon of moonshine wasfound in fruit jars and half-pintbottles, buried in the ground andcovered with an old carpet. Howard was not at home at the time,and has not vet been cauerht.The officers also visited the home ofJim Patterson, in Claysville, wherea small amount of liquor was foundand a number of empty bottles.Patterson was arrested. The homeof Chester Hall, colored on Secondstreet, was also searched, but noliquor was found.iJuxtjNiU ui thasuLiNiMiller Kiser, son of James T.Kiser, of near Paris, met with a serious accident from which he received injuries that may disfigure himfor life, but from which his physicians say he will recoverMr. Kiser. who is about thirtyyears of age, was engaged in threshing wheat on the farm of Mrs. LisleJacoby, near Black's Cross Roads.He was priming the engine withgasoline, when the backfire from theengine caused the gasoline in thecan to explode, throwing a showerof burining liquid over him. He wasbadly burned about the face, headand body. Several physicians were cle, the Government has decided itsummoned, who applied first aid ' might just as well publicly recogtreatment, and Mr. Kiser was re-nize the progress of civilization, andmoved to his home. He was said so the Postoffice Department had anyesterday to be in a serious condL-' nounced that in the future alltion. - Lnecial delivery stamps will bear en-According to reformers,hosiery is sheer nonsense.sheerEFRANK & CO.' LADIES' OUTFITTERSBIGMID-SUMMERSALEV-VGood values on high grade,merchandise, not low priceson cheap merchandise, hasmade our Mid-Summer Salethe most successful sale wehave had in several years.And we think the best wayto show our appreciation toour customers of this andadjoining counties for theirhearty response to our wonderful values at our MidSumrher Sale is to Continuethis sale until August 1st.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSj.ArlSTANDARD TBAHIKG SCHOGCBEGINS AUG. 7. . F.The third session of the Stadr4Training School for Christiam Work- Jers will open at Kentucky Weiftyi' - 'College, Winchester, August 7 to llunder the direction of the Board oCMissions and the Sunday School v 'Board of the Kentucky Conferesc r 'of the M. E. Church. . -Bishop Darlington will speak eaek.evening during the session and Dr..C. C. Jarell will give a course ofBible study entitled "ConstructiYt"Studies in the Book of Amoe.,rOther instructors will be Prof. E. B.Crooks, Mrs. E. R. Michaux, Rev. J.Q. Chisler, Miss Mary Alice JonMand Prof. B. T. Spencer. Prof. JVB. Silbey will be in charge of threcreational features, including tea-nis, hiking, etc.The courses of study will in-relude: "The Program of the Christian Religion;" "The Junior Pupil;""The Pupil;" "The Sunday School J""Intermediate Senior Psychology,"and "Primary Lesson Materials."Ministers, Sunday School officersand teachers, Epworth League members, Missionary Society Workersand others are expected to attend.Miss Louis Bruer, Matron of thHall for Women, will have chargof the assignment of rooms.Those desiring information areasked to communicate with DennisV. Snapp, Paris, Ky., P. O. Box 323.pnsTnwTfiT?. nT.T?.iirs to av.vSATURDAY HOLIDAYClerks employed in postofficeathroughout the United States will,during the remainder of the summerseason, be permitted to enjoy a halftholiday each Saturday, providing -the work assigned to them has been,completed by noon on that day, under an order issued by First Assistant Postmaster General Bartlett.oSTAMPS WILL SHOW MOTORINGPROGRESS Inasmuch as the public has dis-carded the bicycle for the motorcy-I gravings of messenger boys standingbeside motorcycles and not bicycles.. oBest guide book is a check book.hJBrSi T' Vt f- -4-SisI tfv, -4 &h-r.3i&m8t''tse-s.4riJr.- ' ,.lSSa5fcf K&7l7-:Ylf f3i. fr-rUKr' S2j:&-i- "v; il?" &..i. jsAsrt5j,y.v.r!?,,CL 4- -,4-.1 L'yf .,' lv.y.U-XWJfr.tetmmif"-a9?'!..,vfti?,i?',BKS T3s&-r. -,. cPAGE TWO&THE BOUkBON $EWS. , PARISl KENTUCKYTUMTDAY; JOLT Uy ly-i-jt.a -, !H, -7A. i, r. -' jfl JZIS" ir?w-TMf-jgBtt4 J."-V4N.r2"Ii;. V-m BOURBON NEWSRataititked 18r-i 41 Years of Continuous .Publicationtphiilicd Every Tutsday and FridayjRr Year $2.006 Months $1.00ajauic itu.su. jji auvouvc,CHAMP, Editor and Owner.KiSitjawuraaat the Paris, Kentucky,P lffle as Mail Matter of thSaaoad Class.)OU1, POEEIGN BEPEESENTA-TIVES.t lew York American Press Assoation. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Masseagale Adv. AgencyCiacinnatiBlaine Thompson Co"Louisville-Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATES ,Display Advertisements, $1.00 perttmch for first time; 50 cents per Inch"aach. subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per line-acli issue; reading notices in black-type, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and.aimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedlo decline any advertisement or; ther matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust Invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation, of,,ariy person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSDon't flout the flirty flapper, men,You're not so doggone good,You'd flirt and flap and flitter, too,Confound you, if you could!My love is like the red, red, roseWho takes a drugstore header,-Dabs at her face, and goodnessknows, "'Comes out a good deal redder.If plumbers object to jokes ,about-the high cost of plumbing, let it be-admitted for the sake of peace and-good-will among men that the costof plumbing is no longer a joke. It's-a tragedy to many.Moonshine, women and gasoline, to-say nothing about other things, isfcbad business and is a combinationt that noboTTy has beaten yet. It isespecially bad for married men, andf yet a lot of the tranation idiotshave not learned it."Mrs. Wiggs" declares' that ifyou look about you can find somebody worse off than you are. With& coal strike and a railroad strikeinthe way, the American factoryowner should consider the desper-ate situation of the Turkish Pashasas the result of the strike of theharem guards in Constantiople.which "leaves some of die finestharems in the city absolutely unprotected." 'The Pike County News, which' ysf "the bride and bridegroomeach seemed to be attuned to theperfect time of the wedding march,"pays a nansome compliment thatborders upon flattery, but when. The News says "the bride was attired ia a lovely Nile green taffeta" an.4 lace combination," the guesswork is 'impertinent or the reporter's information was singularlyincompetent.-In. these hot, sticky, days StonerCreek is the Mecca of hundredsseeking relief from the heat. Cladin bathing suits they disport themselves in the water like the fabledmermaids and mermen, and have agod time. Some of the favoritebathing places are the boat landingon Stoner avenue, the rocky beachnear the pump station, and thegravel beach near Trundle's gap several miles upstream. Other placesextensively patronized by the bathers are in the vicinity of the oldBlue Grass League ball park, and ata number of places on HoustonCreek.Query Who started the reportthat. City Health Officer A. H. Kelleris an authority on bees and Bugs?In the last few weeks Dr. Keller hasbeen called on the phone by different parties, who wanted to know ifhe could suppress a swarm of beeson their neighbor's premises, witha. tendency to go visiting. Anothermessage from other sources askedthe genial official if the City Healthdepartment could get out an injunction against a' visitation offcfs, which seemed to have campedft tke party's premises. Dr. KellerMure4 his;. questioners that theHtttt Officer had no power or authority to squelch bees or bugs andthat there were :mm kinds ofImcs" i Paris ao power " couldvhelp '4- from thecauuui ,uupe xui,Health department. - ,Man born of woman is of few daysand full of trouble. His tax ratehaving been advanced in town, heremoves to the suburbs and speedily he is annexed to the city and histax rate again raised.loTHE EATTLESNAKE AND THESCAB(By Ralph Casey)A "scab" went out to work one dayWhen the gang was cutting rightof way.And on the side he chanced to takeLay a great big, ugly rattlesnake.When he saw the snake coiled onthe ground,His knees got weak and he starteddown.He grabbed his hat and he startedto run,B.ut his knees got weak on the son-of-a-gun.He held his hat and he held hisknees, -And his pants legs shook like theleaves on trees.But just as the rattlesnake startedto grabHe saw the man was a dirty "scab."The snake drew back in deep disgust And said: "Pass this guy up I must.I'm disappointed as I can be.But a scab is -lower down than me."And then the snake to the "scab"did say:"For Heaven's sake please go away,I'll ruin my reputation, too,If people see me here with you.I know I'm dispised, that's true.But still not half as much as you.And I'd rather be a snake by v farThan be a scab like some men are."RULES RADIO CAN'T STEALNEWS MATTERPostmaster-General Kellaway, ofGreat Britain, has given notice thatthe property rights of press associationsand newspapers in news whichmay be open to appropriation bywireless broadcast stations, must beprotected. He says he is in favor ofstrict regulations and control in suchmatters, and has decided to call aconference of broad-cast firms andrepiesentatives of press agencies andnuewspapers with a view to reaching a solution of this much vexedproblem:"How far the lifting of copyrightand non-copyright matter from thenewspapers and press associationsfor wireless use may be permitted,"said Mr. Kellaway, "is a most important question. The representatives of newspaper enterprises- havepointed out that it would be intolerable to allow broadcasting firmsto lift the matter indiscriminatelyfrom the papers and spread it to thepublic. They have rightly saidthat news was not dead throughoutthe country for a considerabje timeafter its publication, and that theirproperty rights in this news mustbe safe-guarded."The Postmaster-General said hewas impressed with the argumentsof the newspapers and press associations, and was hopeful it soonwould be 'possible to issue regulations protecting their rights. "Isee no reason why some agreementcannot be arrived at between thenewspapers and the broadcastingfirms," he added, "although I admit there is cogency in the suggestion that even in regard to noncopyright information the broadcasting plan wil set up a new form ofcompetition with the news agenciesand neswpapers.oA KENTUCKY POET(Frankfort State Journal)iThe London Bookmaa pays tribute to the poems of the sea whichCale Young Rice, of Kentucky, haswritten and asks what other livingpoet has equaled them?It is well-known that a poet, likea" prophet, has more honor abroadthan at home. Kentuckians neverhave appreciated Cale Young Riceas Englishmen have. But that isbecause, no doubt, the detachedpoint -of view, and the confidence, ofEnglish literary critics, permitsthem to speak frankly and fearlesslyabout the high quality of Rice'swork. His neighbors here in Kentucky, afraid of seeming to overestimate "home talent," and not confident as critics, are conservative.They observe that Mr. Rice doesnot wear his hair down his back orpresent in other respects the pictureof no mere mortal, but genius classconscious. They are a little afraidto admit that so fa as they areable to judge his poetry is as welldone as that of any other poet of. hisgeneration, or of the preceding century. They are not going to becaught boasting of -a fellow Kentuckian who is destined to live inletters.That is not surprising. Americancritics vocational ones however,should not be afraid of their opinions, it is surprising that Londonrather than New York "discovered"Cale Yoiing Rice and that a dozenyears after his discovery by the bestLondon critics New York recognizeshim somewhat less generously thanLondon.ohertIghted. Policy.U frieads to a forernment forbearmux assistance, they nut it in thmjwe oi a iew desperate men to ruin- m "1 T T wf r ? - iBOY SCOUT SHOWS HOW TO BECOURTEOUS 7(Charleston, W. Va., Gazette)He was just a youngster, about12 years old, but he had learned to"be prepared" because he was a BoyScout. He was also trustworthy,loyal, helpful friendly, courteousand kind, and fie had done his"good turn."One afternoon on Capitol street,when traffic was a bit congested, motorists were hurrying, some with noapparent thought of pedestrians,others on pleasure bent, and thestreets was pretty well crowded. 'A small group of pedestrianswere awaiting at tne wnipe-nnemarkings on the curb, for a lull inthe traffic when they might crossthe --street. At an unannouncermoment they all hurried across thepaved street, with the exception ofan aged woman, who was apparentlyafraid to venture forth alone.She was carrying two parcels, one abox of some kind, the other probably groceries. She looked worriedand stood on the curb, apparentlydebating whether she could makethe other side of the street in safely,when a Boy Scout, for "the insigniaon his center-peaked hat, indicatedthat he jvas a tenderfoot, hurried toher assistance, relieved her of thelargest package, and holding her byonqr arm, assisted her across thethoroughfare. , Safely across, heraised three fingers to his hat, theofficial Scout salute, handed backthe package and was off in thecrowd, merely one of his regulardaily "good turns."oA STUDY IN AN AMERICANDESEBTOne of the direst parts of theUnited States is what is called thePapago country, a region includingabout 13,000 square miles in southwestern Arizona, so called becauseit was long ago inhabited by theNomadic Papago Indians. Thisbroad expense of desert country,which lies between Gila River andthe Mexican boundary, containsmany groups of volcanic and othermountains separated by broad alluvial basins, which, though the rainfall is small and the temperature ishigh, sustains a scant growth ofdesert plants, including orchardlike groups of strange trees. Therethe bold slopes of the mountains,the general absence of wateringplaces, and the peculiar forms of thevegetation impre'ss the travelerstrongly with the majesty and themystery of the desert and excite hiswonder as to the origin and historyof the natural features.A report on this region by KirkBryan, has just been published bythe United States Geological Survey,Department of the Interior, as BuiI letin 730-B, underthe title "Bro-sion and Sedimentation vin the Papago Country. Arizona." The report describes the Geology briefly asa setting for a consideration of theagencies that have producedthe forms of the land and presentsdetailed conclusions as to the modeof origin of the desert landscape.The paper is illustrated with diagrams, views, and maps and shouldbe of interest to all students oftopography and physiography particularly those who are endeavoringto solve problems of erosion by windand water in desert regions.oWE SECOND THE MOTIONThe Elizabethtown News hasstariea a protest against openingthe country schools the first ofJuly, for the reason that it is inde-fensiblj' cruelty to children to coopthem up in a hot school house, oftenwith no shade and insufficient ventilation. The country schoolsshould not open until September,the same time as the city and townschools do, and the seven monthsterm would then close about thefirst of April. A Beven months'term, beginning July 1 would closeabout February 1, when the worstof the winter is usually over." Ifthe boys and girls could have referendum on the question, we "have nodoubt they would prefer Februaryand March to July and tAugust asschool months.Ascribed to Unknown Race.Pits or shallow wells for the collection of oil were found "in the 'UnitedStates by the earliest explorers, andare believed to have been the work ofthat race which lived here before theIndians came fro.Asia or NorthernAfrica, or wherever they did comefrom. The belief is that these pitsfor oil were dug by those unknownand unaccountable people who builtmounds in the Ohio and Mississippivalleys, worked lead ores in Kentuckyand mined copper in the Lake Superior region:o .Cheerful Minds.We are prone to think ofcontentment and happiness as things afar offwhich require much striving for, whileall the time they may be close at handif we will but keep our eyes and mindsopen. True entertainment meanscneerfulness of mind and nothing canfoster that more than little momentsof happy contact with other cheerfulminds.0Hedgehog and Porcupine.tdf ehog anoforcupIne are enttrely ditferent families. The truehedgehog; does not occbr. in ki-5" JP5?2?4 & 4n bothRa M;r, w mA-.r. vi. "ALWAYS KEEPS VIT ON HAND NOWSAYATKINSONAkron Woman Was So Greatly Benefited By Tanlac She Wouldn'tThink Of Being Without It."My wife is a strong, believer inTanlac; in fact, the medicine is ahousehold treasure to us," said H.H. Atkinson, 995 Chalker street,Akron. O., valued employee of theGoodyear Tire and Rubber Co."For two years her stomach, wasbadly out of order. After easing shecomplained of sharp pains, palpitation and shortness of breath. Hernerves were all upset and she neven,got any sound sleep at night. Medicine seemed to do her no good whatever and she got terribly weak andrun down."But Tanlac began helping heralmost from the start, and now iUhas set her right in every way. Shekeeps it in the house all the timeready for use and wouldn't be without it. It certainly has done her aworld of good."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists, (adv)SOAKINGSUGAB PRICES NEWMENACEIncrease in sugar prices, evenlarger increases than were, askedlast week, are .looked for by localwholesale and retail grocers handling the product. Wholesale sugarhas advanced from $6.10 and $6.20a hundred pounds to $6.40 and$6.50 within the past few days andretail sugar has risen from sevenand one half cents a pounds to eightcents within the same period.Increases in the price of raw sugar, caused by strong domestic demand for canning purposes and bythe demand for export, has beenreflected in prices 'asked by refineries.Only two or three refineries areaccepting orders even at the marketprice which usually means that theyaie holding for anticipated higherprices, one local wholesaler says.He looks for sugar to soar higher.Another wholesaler believes thesugar market is temporarily firmbut looks for prices to soar beforelong.WOMEN'S WOESParisWomen Are Finding Heliefat LastIt does seem that women havemore than a fair share of the achesand pains that afflict humanity;they must "keep up," must attendto duties in spite of constantly aching backs, or headaches, dizzy spells,bearing-down pains; they muststoop over, when to stoop means torture. They must walk and bend,work with racking pains and manyaches from kidney ills. Keepingthe kidneys well has spared housands of women much misery. Readof a remedy for kidneys only thatis endorsed by people you know.Mrs. J. R. Moore, 133 E. Eighthstreet, Paris, says: "I was in badshape with my kidneys. My backnearly killed me with pain. Therewas a steady, dull ache just overmy kidneys and I was weak andmiserable. I often had to let myhousework go undone and I got sodizzy, black specks came before myeyes. My feet and ankles swelled.I doctored for a time but got norelief until I began using Doan'sKidney Pills. My healthwwas greatly improved in a short time and twaboxes cured me. It is a pleasurefor me to recommend Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Dontsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Moore had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.Men Sell; Women Buy.When men talk together It is ofprice at which things can be sold;women talk of prices at which thingscan be bought. Atchison Globe.INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexjngton7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m,4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m., LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. ixl4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 y. m.7:f p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Far, COe; Ticket Prt S4e.GomjnuUtioa 12 trip monthly book,Sll.et. TiclwU, ataffte trip, or 1mMBtitteo, 4ate ualimited, aol Wtwa& all potato Gat-ra4u6d rata.AMERICA WOMA HAS DIUGSTORE DC MOSCOW vAn American drug store presidedover by an American woman is nowdispensing drifgs free of charge tothe sick of Moscow. It is operatedby the American Relief Administration, and the pharmacist is CarolineKlein Robbing, a graduate of rneBrooklyn College of Pharmacy.The new dispensary is receivingthe heartiest support of the MoscowBoard of Health. The reputablephysicians of Moscow may sendtheir patients to Miss Robbins, whowill supply their needs free ofcharge, if they are not able to pay.o 'Daily Thought.Some books are to be tasted, othersto be swallowed and some few to bechewed and digested. -Bacon-- 5J !FOR SALEA small iypry painted breakfastset, drop-leaf table and two chairs.Call Cumberland Phone 999.(lt) 'Administrator's NntiriFmsT national bank of"AJ1 persons having claims againstthe estate of .Julia Sanders, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administra-jtor, for adjustment and payment.' All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidJulia Sanders, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedAdministrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. GARRETT SANDERS,Administrator of Julia Sanders, Deceased. (julyll-3wks)DO YOUR TALKING..OVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALQUICKLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGW'WTV,T,P,'i,'vTTV,iMi'fWe HandleI! ElectricalElectriclWashing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, All.Kinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETfmiimiiitiTrTJIE TTHXSOEKS.Ah CAR.FARMERSOF BOURBON COUNTYHave You Figured on How Much You Can Savewith a FORDSON TRACTOR in Plowing andPreparing Your Ground, Filling Your Silos,Harvesting Your Crop and Numerous OtherThings?- Just stop and figure the difference in cost in the oldway and with the useof a Fordson. Do not wait untilyou are ready to begin work and then have to wait foryour tractor. Place your order now while we can giveyou immediate delivery.$125.00 Places a Tractor ii your FieldRUGCiLESMOTOR COMPANYFEATHERS WANTEDI want to buy 150 feather beds,also men's clothing and shoes, athighest prices. Will be in Paris onTuesday and Wednesday, July 18thand 19th. Drop Postal toA. MARKS,General Delivery, Paris, Ky.Extension of CharterOP ITHE FIRST NATIONALBANK OF PISParis, KentuckyTreasury Department,Office of Comptroller of The Currency, Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasB'ADTO"PARIS" in the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act of Congress,"to enable National Banking Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved July', 1882.Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissin.ger, Comptroller of the Currency, dohereby certify that "THE FIRSTNATIONAL. BANK OP PARIS" inthe City of Paris, in the "County ofBourbon and State of Kentucky, i3authorized to have succession for theperiod specified in its amendedarticles of association: namely, until close of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of office this firstday of June, 1922.(Seal)(Signed)D. R. CRISSINGER,. 'Comptroller of The Currency.Charter No. 6323. ?Extension No. 4304.(July 7-1 mo)V4M44I444NM5K!'? HAll Kinds ofNovelties iOFP. COURT HOUSE'Aith. .rtta of tto who e i.V SSSSJSiSJWTkecefere, if citixesj areesisio; oisertsi,IA "- - ' 1 - . .r"kiiitbtjriwhile lmm - ,. plan art aw Tv Li ' sriS-ST1 i,-ss?Jtei.iXv -.-,Vj?- .1riIJJtUU&Y sBUaTPMI 4 HE-IBe,Text not availableText not availabley-yw'j&w-.' -,-5"TUESDAY, JULY 18, 1922syffm"T::; rtr .1' bonbon ismm Kentucky , :-l'V 1 ,- ', " ApiaI PFRCANAK lo'Neill.who former resided ' M.....- Dk MIKWUXMLMTKEMJ . m - -7 .j"GIFTS THAT LAST"FEANK & CO.'S MID-SUMMERSALE OF WONDERFUL VALUESWILL CONTINUE UNTIL AUG. 1.' (lS-3t)i 6 0STATE TRAP SHOOT OPENS v.HERE TO-DA? .The ' Kentucky TrapsaootingTournainent opens to-day at theHilltop Gun Club grounds, on thefarm of Alfred Clay near Escondida,for a three-days'- meeting. Themeeting will hring here some of themost noted trap shots in the State,besides a large number from out ofthe State.The trophies to be awarded towinners of the various contestswhich have been on display in theshow window of Mitchell & Blakemore, have been moved to the showwindows in the jewelry stores ofShire & Fithian and A. J. WintersCo., where they are the objects ofmuch attention from interested persons and the public generally.Comings and Goings ot Some TonKnow and Others TonDonYCHANGE OF TIME TABLEBus for North Middletown andMt. Sterling leaves now 8:20 a. m.,12:30 p. m., 4:45 p. m. Be sure totake the yellow bus from bus station. ' (lS-2t) F. WECKESSER.PICTURE PROGRAM ATAND ALAMOGRANDTo-day, Tuesday, July 18 Allstar cast, in "Just Around The Corner," by Fannie Hurst, author of"Humoresque;" Mutt and Jeff comedy; Standard comedy, "SquirrelFood."To-morrow, Wednesday, July 19"Ethel Clayton, in "Exit The Vamp;"Pathe Weekly; Christie comedy, "AHomespun Hero."Thursday, July 20 Jack Holt andBebe Daniels, in "North of the RioGrande;" Pathe seria'l, "Go-Get-'EmHutch;" Snub Pollard Comedy,"Light Showers."oCURIOUS VEGETABLE GROWTH.J. T. Wornall, of Cynthiana,brought to the Lexington Leader'sParis office last week a curiosity inthe shape of a fiberous substanceresembling human hair, seven feetin length, which he found in hiscistern while cleaning it out. Experts who examined it pronouncedit the roots of a poison ivy vine.When taken from the cistern it waspure white, due to its immersion inwater and cut off from light, butturned dark after being exposed tothe air. The substance resembledthe hair grown by a Honolulu belleand was as long as that worn by thefamous "Sutherland Sisters." j0GAME WARDEN DESTROYS FISHNETSState Game Warden A. W. Bullock, of Paris, paid an official visitlast week to Harrison and Robertson counties, looking up violationsof the fish and game laws. He located and destroyed a number offish traps and dams in fishingstreams, and set on foot investigations that will eventually result inseveral arrests and prosecutions. Atone. place Mr. Bullock was fired onfive times, luckily escaping beinghit. Not even bullets can stop himfrom performing his duty in an utterly fearless manner.: 0HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCO'AGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(july7 tf )NEWS OF THE COURTSThrough their attorneys, Talbott& Whitley, of Paris, Thompson &Rice have taken an appeal from thejudgment rendered at the May teimof the Bourbon County Court, in anaction of the Cumberland GroceryCo., as plaintiff vs. Thompson &Rich, defendants, in which the Cumberland Grocery Co. was allowed ajudgment for the amount of $170.The defendant concern is located"at Somerset, but one of the owners,I. D. Thompson, is a resident ofParis. The appeal is the first onein civil action to be made from theBourbon County Court during -thefour and one-half years of CountyJudge Geo. Batterton's term, of office.In the County Court Harlan Buckler entered a plea of guilty to acharge of failing to provide for thesupport of his infant child, and ,wasgiven a fine of $100 and thirty daysin jail. This was suspended on theproviso that Buckler should executebond to pay the sum of $4 per weekfor one year for the support of thechild.Buckley was arrested in Lexington by Sheriff Powell Bosworth andturned over to Deputy Sheriff R. M.Gilkey, of Bourbon county, chargedwitkwife dersertion. Efforts weremade through relatives to secure his.' rtleut&nd have him go home andgo to irrk. ..--. .tA' X . P ,' ' -a.- Agptoc la your s49 ism't-stabM;Ttipi mm miy time some fellowsMr. and Mrs. Percy Reed haveiv-uuiiicu iium u. visit to inenus mRichmond.Mrs. Tillie Brent Woodall hasreturned to her home in' Covingtonafter a visit to her sister, Mrs. BelleBrent Alexander.Recent visitors from Paris toBoonesboro Beach were Dr. L. Oberdorfer, R. -Miner, Dr, W. C. Ussery,Dr. A. H. Keller. ,Mrs. Thomas Evans has returned to her home on Long Island, afterseveral weeks with her daughter,Mrs. Charles A. McMillan.Mr. and Mrs. McMullen, of Louisville, spent the week-end as guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Withers Davis, attheir home orf Pleasant street.Mrs. E. F. Clay and grandson,John F. Davis, Jr., have joined Mr.and Mrs. Catesby Spears, at PineOrchard, Conn., -for the summer.Mrs. Strother Goff and Miss TeeBuckner. of Winchester, were weekend guests of Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Forsythe Buckner, at XalapaFarm.Miss Harriet Pooley, of Buffalo,New York, is a charming visitor toMrs. Annie Washington Clay, at hercountry home on the Cynthianaroad.Little? Miss Elizabeth BlantonBuckner, the beautiful daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Benjamin ForsytheBuckner, is improving after an illness of several weeks.O. R. Webber, District Managerof the Cumberland "Telephone Company, with headquarters at Win-cnester, was a Dusmess visitor mParis yesterday.The young societyset has planned a picnic party for Wednesdayevening. About fifty have been invited and are expected to take partin the pleasures of the evening.Mrs. S. C. Carpenter, of Millersburs, and sister. Mrs. Howard M.Trautman, of Ramsey, Ky., and brother, Dr. A. J. Davidson, of Topeka,Kansas, were recent visitors inParis.Frie'nds regret to learn of theillness of Mrs. Durand Whipple, ofLittle Rock. Ark. who has come withher two handsome sons, to spendthe summer with her parents, Mr.Mrs. E. M. Dickson, at their homeon Stoner avenue. AMiss Freida Heller, of Paris, isrecreational leader at the Y. W. C.A. Camp at Valley View, where alarge number of Lexington girls arespending the summer. The nextthree weeks will be given over tobusiness girls and women.Mrs. Owsley Brown, of Louisville, was the guest of Mrs. ArthurB. Hancock for the week-end.Among the hospitalities extendedMrs. Brown was a lovely dinner atthe Lexington Country Club 'Saturday evening, given by Mr. CharltonClay.Miss Elizabeth Embry, -of Paris,was one of the guests at a charmingparty given Friday morning in Lexington by Miss Emily Barnes, inhonor of Mrs. Smith Bowman, of Indianapolis, Mrs. Claude Corbuiser, ofLos Angeles, Cal and Mrs. D. C.Berryman, of St. Louis, Mo.Mrs. Chas. G. Daugherty entertained the Luncheon-Bridge ClubSaturday, in honor of her houseguest,, Mrs. W. G. Eaton, of Covington. Mrs. Buckner Wodford received the highest score, and was presented with an exquisite whiteWedgewood pitcher. The guest prizewas a Wedgewood powder box. A, delicious course luncheon was servedafter the game.t The Lexington Herald's Richmond correspondence says: "MissAnna Belle Ward has rented a homeon the Paris pike, a short distancefrom Lexington, and will move therethe first of the week. Her motherand sisters, Adaline and Feme, andher brother, Nelson Ward, who-hasleased a building in Lexington, forhis repair business, will reside inthe new home. Miss Ward will continue her residence here, spendingthe week-end in Lexington." ,Mr. and Mrs. J. Simms Wilsonchaperoned a party to BoonesboroBeach Saturday afternoon in honor ofMiss Nancy Barbee Wilson's guest,Miss Dorothy Bowman, of Staunton,Va. The trip was made in autos. Apicnic lunch was served on thebeach. Those in the party wereMisses Dorothy Bowman, MarthaTalbott, Christine Thomas, Elizabeth Henry, Nancy Barbee Wilson;Messrs Walter Kenney, Jr., Sam' ClayWard, Carey Clay, Richard Thomas,Jack Lair. JoTin' Clay, George Ardery, Oscar Amrerongen, Mr. andMrs. Charles Spears and Mr. andMrs. Edwin Thomas.Miss Elizabeth Jasper went toCincinnati, Saturday morning to joinher cousins, Mr.t and Mrs. WilliamE. McClure and little daughter, Lucille,' for a motor trip to points ofinterest in the East. Their principal stopping places will rbe Baltimore, Atlantic City, Philadelphia,New York, .Albany, Niagara Falls,etc,; Dring their stay in Philadelphiathey will visit 'Mr. and ""Mrs.lEdward' K. Knapp, former Residentsot ftrii,A jnd the 'fcrstit - df r' Urn.McClure, aad Hrs?Bf Gv Jasper.jfor.'rt liim Jasper, mile "inJtorYork'tHey will fee guests otlMiO'Neill, whoParis., Miss Ann Jouet Davis, of Louisville,, is a guest of her father,Withers Davis.Mr. and Mrs. John' Maher andMiss Julia Calnan are visiting relatives in Cincinnati:Major Burgin, of Winchester,is visiting friends and relatives inParis and the county.Miss Nanette Wile, of Lexington, spent the week-end in Parisas guest of Mr. and Mrs. BarnettWinters.John H. Seaton has gone to acamp on the Kentucky river inWoodford county, for a short staywith friends.Charles Walls and Mr. and Mrs?Elmer Boardman, of near Paris, willleave soon for a ten-weeks' stay atDawson Springs.Miss Irene Bramblette, of Paris,is a member of a camping party atBoonesboro Beach, composed mainlyof Cynthiana people.Mrs. Samuel Dick and littledaughter, Jane, of Hopkinsville, areguests at the home of Mr. and Mrs.R. D. Crouch, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Dillard Williamsand son, Clarence, have returned totheir home in Winchester, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Anderson Williams, in thiscity.Ray Harris, of the real estatefirm of Harris. Sneakes & Harris.has returned from Harlan, Ky.,where his firm is arranging to conduct a sale of lots in the near future.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson, beloved in Paris, has returned to herhome in Flemingsburg from Plainview, Texas, where she has beensinging in a series of revival meetings. Miss Inez Caudill, secretary ofthe Bourbon County Red Cross Chapter, has returned from Frenchburg,where she was called last week bythe illness of her father, JudgeCaudill.Mrs. James M. Arnold andgranddaughter, Nell Talbott Arnold,of Newport, are visiting at the homeof the former's brothers, Wm. G.and T. Hart Talbott, on Duncanavenue.Robert Lee Frank and LeePrice, of Frank & Co., are in NewYork for a two-weeks' stay on a combined pleasure and business trip.While in New York they will beguests at the Hotel Seville.Mrs. John Flanagan is 'visitingher sister, Mrs. John Mershon, inRichmond. Kentucky. Miss NellFlanagan, who has been with .Mrs.Flanagan for several weeks, has returned to her home in Cincinnati.Geoffrey Morgan, State Secretary of the Kentucky Farm Bureau,was in Paris recently in conferencewith Secretary Harold Harris, in theinterest of a membership campaignin this county.Winchester Sun: "Lieut. NickWinn Lisle was a recent suest ofrelatives in this city, en route toParis, where he will spend the remainder of his furlough with hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Lisle.Litutenant Lisle, since his graduation at West Point, has been stationed in Boston."Mr. and Mrs. Houston Jacobyhave returned from their bridal trip,and for the present are at the homeof the groom's parents, Mr. and Mrs.George Jacoby, on - the Lexingtonpike, near Paris. Upon arrival atthe Jacoby home, they were entertained at an elaborate six-o'clockdinner. The home and the tablewere decorated with shasta daisiesand sweet .peas. A delicious menuwas served to about twenty-fiveguests. -)Miss Ethel Myers Funk, of Mt.Sterling, spent the week-end in Parisas guest of her uncle, F. M. Funk,and family.The following invitations havebeen issued:"Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller WardMr. Sam Clay WardMr. Carey Field Clay. at homeThursday evening, July twentiethDancing, 8:30.Please reply. Sunny Side.Dr. C. H. Myers, Darrel Marchaland Joseph Meyers, recent guests ofDr. and Mrs Francis P. Campbell,have returned to their, homesin Cincinnati. The visitorscame to Paris on foot, covering thedistance in two days. They madethe homeward trip by train.(Other Personals on Page 3)HAH INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST HAH WITH McCLURE &DONALDSON, FIRST NATIONALBANK BUILDING. (27rtf)Ladies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies7 Stylish Suits at$15, 118, $25; $29Worth dpuble jyalue. Colors:blackj browa. etc. It will Dyybu to see thenr atethii big saving at .. k t yJ V " ifrTwin Bros. Dpt. Storek. "? yL' ?r rwrs ,Comer Mventh mam mmn StrtttGALADAYSFor the Thrifty Men aBoys Hereabouts;x m-.Every Straw Hat One-halif Price,t.Eyery Suit in the House Reduced One-thirdto One-halfcJIj?I'1Shirt BargainsUnderwear BargainsShoe BargainsBARGAINS GALORE!KWe are trying not to carry over any summer mer4chandise. If you need anything it will pay you to:, -....,- ,get ouY prices. ...LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveThe Only Shade Made With A VentilatorsHBIBsBBaSIH :-:-::::::::HK Cooling MBb -::::::::::-23IBH'$'v:SELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINGPORCH SHADES. &, Make your pordh the most livable place about the home and do itv'with VUDOR PORCH SHADES and our GOOD FURNITURE,SWINGS and RUGS. We are making very attractive prices.Aw.Automatic RefrigeratorsAre the Bestij?uI..THE J.T.HINTON COEITHtWH H ;?."t . WMM KBfTOCKY.&i$t8 a""TWP".rk -vi .2jvgpwsriA ?ug. .M.Jj.t--FMpZ.II Jt'L-. ?'MI1 ":r"r 7n if "-.-;THE B0UR0N NEWS,, PARIS, , Jmv6KYrt:-V- - -A. - - TUESDAY jbLT IS, im; - ,if- -ag sixiWHAT AMERICA HAS DONE FOR. EUROPE'S STARVING MILLIONS!n Eight Years Between Fouf and Five Billion in FoodstuffsHave Been Sent Into Famine-Stricken and War. . Barren Coufries Charity Extends AcrossEurope Into Russia.XcigarettesTr -.... i ' .Flit! " JtklBaavDOkatUUiiBBBBBBBBB jj AC "1111VkJAfey are GOOD!aiWTTEB, SCHOOLS DEMANDEDFOE BTJBAUTIESTkev National Educational Conversation just closed in Boston empkaeized many matters of impor-rtamce to the country regarding theteaching of its youth. Among thesenone can be considered of greater- importance than the increasing demand in rural communities for aWcher standard of education thaniuus obtained in the nast. The "littl Teh schoolhouse" of -ong andatory has. served its purpose and goneout of date. With good roads andadequate transportation facilities,?oocl schools, with first-class equipwt and properly trained teachersbaa he made available for any comaiwnity, no matter how small. Tomwaken local authorities to the es,sntial need of betterment the educational facilities of the smallertowns and rural centers is one ofthe great needs of education in this.country, according to the representatives to the N. E. A. convention.In this connection a law proposedtoyinitiative in Oregon is extremelyInteresting'. This amendment to exfating State educational laws proTidee that every child between theagee of 8 and 16 years must attendt m "public school. Exceptions are' iade for children physically unable-to, attend, those that have completed the eighth grade, those livinglfc'-to 3 miles from school, accordimg to ages, and those receiving priTate instruction, provided that suchkildren must report every threemonths for examination by a schoolttcial. The act, if passed, will takeeffect September 1, 1926.HESS OF ADDING MACHINESTor your convenience we are nowtarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply you.wtta one or a dozen at a time. ThisJa a Ine linen bond paper and abso-ly lintleas.THE BOURBON NEWS,o' "Fifty-four Forty, or Fight."Fifty-four Forty, or Fight," was ary adopted during the northwesternfcowidary discussion by those who disapproved of yielding our claims totfie territory short of 54 degrees 40minutes of latitude between the Rockymountains and the Pacific ocean.,"4Tariff on sugar will cost us 60,-,080 a year unless we raise a little nore eain,BROS.BAEBEB SHOP'X 4 WHITE BAEBEE&-451kf Xodern Equipment.Inert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSDtUVrn i fcJv'yrW&iVgC Tlust HistoryV:s'Thomas H. Dickinson, -"hlsrorian ofChe Hoover relief committee, has written for the New York Herald the firstcomplete statement of America's contribution to the food belief of Europethat has ever been made. He says inpart:With the entrance of American foodinto Jtussia in. thp fall of 1921 American relief operations have traversedthe continent of Europe. The spanof these operations now covers eightyears. It is not yet possible to givefinal figures on the mass of Americanfood supplies delivered to Europe.The work done has, however, been ofsuch a nature as to permit a summary of operations and a generalsuggestion of the main expenditures.American food relief operations began in Belgium immediately after theoutbreak of the war. Inaugurated asa charitable and administrative undertaking while America was neutral,American participation broadenedafter our entrance rfnto the war, andtook upon itself an official character.Thenceforward and untilthe signingof the peace, food relief for the alliesin Europe provided one of the mainavenues of American helpfulness inthe war. After the war ended Amer-'lean relief again became a privateundertaking and has been so supported by individual charity, supplementedby certain governmental grants, tothis day. American food relief in Europe thus falls into three periods.First The period of our neutralityfrom August, 1914, to April, 1917.During this period the commissionfor relief In Belgium was the instrumentality of relief.Second The period of Americanparticipation from April,-1917, to July,1919. During this period the UnitedStates food administration was theofficial agency of relief.Third The period after the signing of the peace, during which theAmerican relief administration hasfunctioned as the agency of relief,with particular reference to the feeding of undernourished children.Covers Nearly All Countries.During the eight years in whichAmerican agencies have been concerned in the feeding of Europe reliefoperations have extended Into allcountries, with the exception of Norway and Sweden on the north, Spainand Portugal on the south, Switzerland and Greece. American reliefhas been extended to Belgium as anInnocent victim of the war, to the -alliesas colleagues in the war and tofriend and foe alike, as well as to thenew states of Europe after the closeof hostilities.While this work has been carriedon under organizations with differentnames, all of them have had a continuing identity in that they have beenunder the direction of one man Herbert Hoovei' who first Invented International food relief on modernlines. ijsj5 "-"Mj' -For purposes of the digest it maybe useful to "distinguish between charitable contributions made by Americato the feeding of Belgium throughoutthe period of our interest and "thosegovernment -grants from which camethe mass of fie supp"ort. --America's charitable contributionsbegan in 1914 and continued to 1920.These were both In cash and in kind-,and were collected both by organizations affiliated with the commission Inthe United States and by charitableIndividuals, foundations and -nationalperiodicals. From various charitablesources there went to Belgium fromthe United States something like thirty million dollars ($30,000,000) in thisform. The exact figures cannot begiven for the reason that certaindonations were of combined Britishand American origin.Relief in Belgium.Governmental subsidy to Belgiumfalls into two periods. In the firstfood administration functioned duringtwo years, from July, 1917,to July,1919. Its great service was the delivery of vastly increased amounts offood to the European allies, and tothe liberated nations, almost entirelyon credit, up to the signing of thepeace.The total exports of foodstuffs handled by the foodv administration forthe two-year period, 1917-1919, was$30,994,292, as compared with the annual average of three pre-war yearsof $6,959,055. (1 - Changes In Duties.While the United States food administration' continued to operate afterthe armistice and until July, 1919,there came with the armistice a significant change in Its duties and operations. With the signing of the armistice there appeared in the horizon ofEurope an entirely new group of nations requiring relief.For the handling of these problemsthere was organized the Americanrelief administration as an Europeanadjunct of tha food administration.The contributions by America to theliberated territories of Europe wereextended through this administrationbetween the months of November,1918, and July, 1919, that is, duringthe armistice months. In consideringthese contributions and credits itshould, be remembered that their totals are included in the totals givenabove covering the operations of theUnited States food administrationluring the entire period of its existence, fAmerica's contributions under thishead were made in several ways. Certain contributions were made in theform of treasury grants of credit tosmall nations which had been alliedIn the war. The grants to Belgiumhave already been mentioned. In addition to these, grants of credits weremade to Czechoslovakia in the sumof $50,000,000, Rumania in thesum of $25,000,000 and to Serbia inthe sum of $15,000,000.America's chief contribution ofcredits to the newer nations of Europe was derived from the $100,000,000 appropriation for European reliefvoted by congress early in 1919. Theexpenditures under this grant wereroughly as follows:In each case promissory notes weretaken from the nation accepting thesupplies.Poland ! $56,900,000Czechoslovakia 6,700,000Armenia 10,000,000Esthonla 2,300,000Latvia 7 2,900,000Lithuania 700,000Finland 3,900,000North Russia 4,600,000Total.$88,000,000Help Former Enemies.The relief of former enemy territories provided special problems. Therelief of Austria was accomplished bymeans of a s credit 'of $48000,000 extended by the United . States To Engsland, France and Italy to cover creditsto Austria from these countries, theproceeds to be.sent in purchase ofrelief supplies In Araerfta Thg reliefof Bulgaffa andennany was done ongold provided by these governments.A large portion of the $100,000,000fund is covered by the. promissorynotes of the nations to which reliefsupplies weresent. From, this fundthere came something like $11,000,000,which was expended in the first laborsof children's relief inaugurated InPoland, Czechoslovakia, Serbia, Rumania, Finland, Esthonla, Latvia,Lithuania and northwest Russia. Themoney so expended was an outrightgiftThe total relief supplies deliveredby the United1 States between December 1, 1918, and August 31, 1919,amounted to 2,853,434 metric tons ofan approximate value of S720.539.32ftiaiis into two perums. iu mo uran -, nn n, ZZ 'period, extending to the "spring of of ls totaj $198,874 620, or 27.6 per1917. suDDort of Belgian relief came "L2JVM ue"!eiu w, $wu,T'TTfflHxXi 71'; 33ie Colonial DameJ Span: her clothly. Candle lame.la 1860la Crinoline bright,She greeted her goeitgBy Coal Oil light.lad later on,How time doei pauXtr hone was litly flickering Gat.tot fht girl of to-dayWho waati htr homo aright,Jitt fnaoof 4 hmtlimJb Ms Bottric lighti jrvvJ "f" Ti kH .GuftEbctricCo.from subsidies extended by the treasuries of Great Britain and France.Together these amounted over the en-1tire period of five and a half yearsto something under $200,000,000. During tlie second period, which beginswith America's entrance into the war,support of Belgium relief cajne almost entirely from the United Statestreasury. The total United Statescredits to Belgium on this accountamounted to $259,632,200.44.While the commission for relief InBelgium was extending relle'f to Belgium it was at the same time extending relief to the occupied regions ofnorthern France. Total private charity extended by the United States 'forthe feeding of northern France.amounted to $5,000,000. In additionto this there was extended by theUnited States treasury to France forthe support of her occupied areasbetween June, 1917, and March, 1919,the total credits of $127,000,000.With America's entrance into the.war the whole relief front changed.The allies were exhausted, and so far""from being able to engage ina program of extended relief thenfselves.tbey werr desperately in 'need of. rood relief oW became '.' matiormlfbio ' fo Aorca. tmrotm-tokoCi iefwp. Ww tfie ptu-of tfalo wark the United StateBuick Takes Care of Buick OwnerskBuick responsibility does not end withthe sale of a Buick car. It follows the. carthroughout its entire life.That is why Buick has organized anation-wide authorized JBuick servicethat extends to practically every city,town and village in the United States.Buick owners do not need service often.But they have the comfortable feeling ofknowing that they can always be suppliedwith genuine Buick parts and hav$ theirwork done by Buick -trained mechanicswherever they may' happen to be.YALVE-1N-HEAD JJMmI & MOTOR CARSNBuick SixesThree Pass. Roadster - $1365Five Pass. Touring - - 1395Three Pass. Coupe - - 1885Five Pass. Sedan - - '2165Four Pass. Coupe - - 2075Seven Pass. Touring - 1585Seven Peas. Sedan - - 2375it.Buick FoursTwo Pass. Roadster -FivePass. Touring -ThreePass. Coupe - .Five Pass. Sedan -All Prices F. O. B. Flint, Michigan,- $ 895, -- 935- 1295- 1395'Ask about the G. M.'A. C. Purchase Planwhich provides for- Deferred PaymentsJ.(C-30-50-2c.S. BALL GARAGEKourtli and Pleasantj StreetsWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMTimepieces Royal Hobby.Louis XVI had a passion for timepieces, and it is said that he had sodifficult a time in adjusting his clocksand watches that he reflected on the"absurdity of his having attempted tobring men to anything like uniformityof belief in matters of faith whenhe could not nke any two of histimepieces agree jh each other." Onone occasion his royr.l chef at his wit's.end for variety in his dishes said: U1Hreally do not know what to do, unless'it be to serve up your majesty africassee of watches.", o.Hint to Precautious.Take a piece of heavy copper wire'11 inches long and bend it .in theshape of a hairpin. Lock the door,leaving the key in the. lock, then placethe curved angle of the wire over theshank or spindle back of the knoband put the two ends of the wirethrough the head of the key. The keycannot be pushed out, nor turned.This Is a light device which one cancarry in a handbag if so desired anduse in hotel rooms when traveling.Fashions Move in Circles.The hat worn by women in 4,000B. G. is stated to be very similar tomodels worn today.cy,ozv or dw.o per cent, wasfinanced on eredit, and $20,825,374, or2.8 per cent, was given as charity.When we came to the signing of thepeace we entered the third period ofijnerica's relief efforts. Official expenditure was out of the question.What was done then had 'to be continued by private activity.Millions for Children.At the end of the first year afterthe signing of the peace- a total of$32,203,681.55 had been made availablefor children's relief in Europe. Tothis should be added something like$2,000,000 spent b the Near East relief in Armenia.Recapitulating the expenditures forfood relief under American management from the end of the war to June30, 1921, we findthat the figurescame to about $50,000,000. To thisshould be added the food draft sales,amounting to $8,289,000.With the summer .of' 1921 Americanrelief entered its Russian phase. Relief was continued on a reduced scalein the needy countries of central Eurgpe from funds -already "at hand.- The exnenditnrpa of nn war. igustia fall not? belles than. $50,000,JpOO aw may b &fibftf rttaywiuu'w;ini years Americai: conmimtsd ;to EtHWRe. byVcharitjeet wttk crtif BB cash saltf4,WO,000,000 and ttuOQfLFARMERS I TRADERSBANKPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00'i-SURPLUS$26,000-00OFFICERS 'rramk P. Kiier, President8. I. WiatVlct PrcildtatW. IffwltcktU, CasftiarJie. Jft Yarkaa, Aaa't OaaklarBjt Faa4, Jr.WhenjjLooking ForGOOD PAINT. At the Lowest Possible Prices" Give Us a CallWe carry everything in the Paint'and Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.We're also Contracting Paintersand Paper Hangers. Let us figure on your next job.KANE BROS.Agents for the foy paintsSouth Main St., Opp. Bourhon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 393The Quickest WayvNKsSave time 'and energy during the warm weatherby installing a HOME TELEPHONE in your residence. Just remove the receiver from the hookand you will find our courteous operatori at yourservice.-;ojLS.c.,-1j..-K?yHfpe Ttfepkoae Ic TeaentphiMeapwftwmmmmmmmm0mmmmJImmmmmmmmm-tiIvBvf'"'JiWkwwwmummzr4--! ." A -' F '' "TUESDAY, JULY 18, 1922TOWN PESTSThe Gent of Leisure hasn't Anything to Do and thinks Nobody Elsehas, so he Comes In when we areBusier than a One-Armed PaperHanger and Wants to Visit and tellComical Stories. Some Day he'll"Wake Up and find The Help carryinghim out Feet First!How Many Stars7We think of the multitude of starsand would in all probability say thaton a clear, frosty, moonless night wesee millions of them. In reality, onsuch a night, if we leave out thefaintly luminous milky way, we seefewer than 3,000 distinct stars. In thewhole starry sphere, of which we seeonly half of any given time, there areonly a score of first-magnitude stars,beginning with Sirius, the brightest ofthem, and including stars like Orion'sright shoulder and left knee, Betelgeaxslid Rigel. Vega and Arcturus.oSeemed to Be Something Wrong.Kenneth's mother had been to thehospital end Kenneth was waiting impatiently tor her return. The day ofher homecoming he took a chair up tothe window and watched every autopass with his little nose flattenedagainst the window pane. Suddenlyan auto pulled up, his mother lookedout and waed, and Kenneth dashedmadly out to the steps to greet her.Mother was overjoyed at seeing him,she began to cry, and Kenneth lookedat her and said: "Ooh, mother dear,ain't you all well yet?"oNature's Wonaerfu! Power.Beside the moist clods the slenderHags arise filled with the sweetness otthe earth. Out of the darkness underthat darkness which knows no daysave when the plowshare opens itschinks they Have come to the light. . . Yonder a steam-plow pants upthe hill, groaning with its ownstrength, yet all that strength andmight of wheels, and piston, andchains, cannot drag from the earthone single blade like these. Forcecannot make it; it must grow aneasy word to speak or write, in factfull of potency. Richard Jefferies, in"Out of Doors."oBowling Is Old Diversion.Bowling once was forbidden by law.The game was originally nine-pins,and was called "closhe," the definition"being given as : "Closhe, the game atnine-pins; forbidden by statute, anno17 Edw. IV." The prohibition wasafterward withdrawn and the gamebecame .very popular. It was onceahjo a popular gambling game in theTJnfted States and in some states wasprohibited by law. The law wasevaded by adding another pin andcalling it fen-pins.Easy."George, you should get married,"advised the married man. "It is wonderful to have a home waiting for youwhen you return at night There isecstacy in caring for a garden and alawn; you can raise a dog from apup, children are adorable and notrouble at all, a wife is an inspiration, and even if she does get suspicious you can always talk her out ofIt" "I could if I could lie like youcan," said the bachelor, thoughtfully.Wayside Tales.oRings In Wood.While all the trees of the temperate region and many of those from.the tropics have growth rings, in notall cases are the contrasts in densityand color great enough to show prominently In the finished material, saysthe American Forestry "Magazine.Common examples are basswood. aspen, paper birch, tulip wood, holly,tupelo, buckeye, yellow cedars, andcertain of the pines, firs and spruces.oCanny Youngster.Helen and Edith were invited to aparty, and as.it was quite a distancefor them to go alone it was decided toNlet Helen's brother Donald go withthem. His mother told him if theyasked him to stay he could, providedthey phoned and told her. Donaldtook the girls to the door, and said:"My mother said I could stay and eat,too, provided you phoned and told herabout it"oMonth When the Earth Stirs.- March Is & month when the needleof my nature dips toward the country. I am away, greeting everythingas i wakes out of a winter sleep,stretch arras upward and legs downiwarsV mmd drlaks goblet after goMet- yovtf iwuhlne. James Lane Al-AUt) MIKE SAD,PAT, 0o NioCMC K-juliilisw atnViLwwWkwwH9Eww r li sbbbbbbbbbwbsbwI OhV "! "'HlHWaptli ii"DON'T PAY TOBE CR00KED"iLife-time'Criminal, Out of LargeExperience, So Tells Courtat His TrialPOSED AS "MAN OF MYSTERY"Man Sent Up for Life Has Only BeenOut of Prison 33 Months in Last25 Years Acts as Own Attorney in Omaha Court.Omaha, Neb. With only thirjy-threemonths of freedom to his credit in thelata twenty-five years, and even thosemonths spent as a fugitive from justice, Otto Cole, burglar, "con" man,booze runner and murderer, has justbeen sent to prison for the balanceof his life by an Omaha court. Coeis forty-two years old now. He became a criminal at the age of seventeen years."But crookedness don't pay. It don'tpay," Cole told the Omaha court whenhe was sent up for life.Cole has seen the inside of manyjails and penitentiaries. He hasserved time in Minnesota, Maryland,OhlOj Illinois and elsewhere. He escaped from the Baltimore City jail,from the Joliet penitentiary and fromether prisons. He has been paroled,pardoned and released on "good time,"In addition to" serving out his sentences., But he never kept out oftrouble and no sooner was he releasedfrom a prison than he immediatelywent back into crime."But crookedness don't pay," he toldthe court. "I ought to know."In Many Courts.Cole had appeared before so manydifferent courts that he has picked upquite a smattering of legal terms andmethods. When arrested in Omaha andcharged with the murder of HarryHahn, a pawnbroker, he refused theassistance of the public defender andasked permission of the court to conduct his own defense. This wasgranted and throughout the trial Colecarried on his end of the case like aveteran attorney.Cole posed as a "Man of Mystery"until the Bertillon experts got on histrail. He was a man of "good family" gone temporarily wrong and wasshielding his family.He was just seventeen years of agewhen he broke into the criminal limelight in Columbus, 0.,-where, underthe name "of Kichard Proctor, he wassent to prison for three years for burglary. He served his time and wasreleased June 2S, 1S9S.It took Cole just eight days to geiin trouble again. On July 6, 1S98, hewas arrested in Baltimore wascaught, red-handed, while committinga burglary. A month later, before hecould be tried, he escaped.This time Cole stayed out of troublefor two months. At least, he was notarrested again until October 8, 1898On that date, in Chicago, he was sentenced to Joliet prison for burglary.In ten days he was in trouble againth's time at Ked Wing, Minn., foiburglary. He was known as "E. EEnglish" in that trial. He served outhis time in the Minnesota state prison, and at the expiration of his termwas taken back to Joliet, to serve theremainder of his sentence in the minols prison. From Joliet he was paroled In January, 1910.Couldn't Keep StraightBut he couldn't keep straight Ina month or bo he was back in theJoliet prison, where he was sent fromChicago on a robbery charge. He wasdischarged in September, 1916. Thistime he waa using the name of "EdwinEnglish." But in October, 1917,, as "EdEnglish he was sent back to Jolietas a "confidence man" from ChicagoHe escaped from Joliet In 1920.Under the name of "Otta Cole" hcame to Omaha two months ago andaccording to numerous identificationsat the police station, he committed sseries of hold-ups and robberies olvarious kinds. Then, three weeks ago,It is charged, he entered Harry Hahn'spawnshop, and while attempting torob the place, shot and killed thproprietor. vHe was caught red-handedafter attempting to shoot officers whecaptured him.Following his sentence to life imprlsonment, Cole' announced he Intended devoting himself while irprison to the study of mechanical engineering, in which he claims to already be pretty well educated.1 Giant Logger ConsumesI 48 Puffs in Two HoursHoguiam, Wash. Orin Welsh,a giant logger, came to town thisweek from the woods and ate,at one sitting, during the courseof two hours, 48 normal sized,cream puffs.Welsh had been in the loggingcamp all winter, but his longingfor some sweets enticed him totown. Friends hearing his craving wagered he could not eatthree dozen cream puffs and" therace started. Welsh demonstrated his wonderful gastronomical abllltyby eating one dozen rapidly, the next dozen in '30minutes, and in two hours between cups of tea. the fourthdozen .disappeared down his.capacious throattrii i "-. - w Svkt . www?, THE BOURBON NEWS,HOME -FOR AMERICAN-OPERAWomen Plan Opera House for Chicago to Be Endowed by Dollar Subscriptions From Million Women.Chicago. An opera house to be endowed by dollar subscriptions fromone million American women, and Inwhich only opera in English and byAmerican composers shall be produced,Is the ideal ofan organization of women led by Mrs. Archibald Freer, Mrs.Louis Yeager and Mrs. Albert Ochsner of this city. Associated with theorganization known as "Opera in OurOwn Language Foundation," and ofwhich Mrs. Freer is the chairman, isthe "David Blspham Memorial Fund,"of which Mrs. Rockefeller McCormickIs the treasurer. . In speaking of theundertaking of the two organizations,which has the indorsement of women'sdubs of the country as well as themusical clubs of the entire country,Mrs. Freer said:"American music depends upon theAmerican composer. Without our composer we must style ourselves a nation of music borrowers, not of makers. However, our composer does exist, but exists only, he does not live.To enable him to live and write, topublish and present his works, and toopen an American opera house, are thethings we hope to accomplish."The women who are furthering theproject are well known in women's andmusical club circles throughout the na-ution, and they have received so muchacouragement from all sections ofthe country that they are confident ofthe success of their undertaking.GIRL ASTOUNDS PHYSICIANSA seventeen-year-old girl, blind anddeaf, astounded 500, physicians at ameeting of the Chicago Medical society by an inexplicable faculty of hearing and seeing through her finger-tips.It Ttas admitted her case paralleledthat of Helen Kellar. Numerous physicians, skeptical of her power, gaveher test after test. At the conclusionof their experiments they announcedthey could offer no explanation, butadmitted there had been no Illusorytactics and that the girl's gift wasgenuine. She Is Wllletta Huggins, anorphan Inmate of the Wisconsin Schoolfor the Blind, Janesvllle, Wis. MissBJuggins demonstrated the followingmarvelous feats : Hearing perfectly byplacing her hands on the wrist, heador chest of another through vibration ;with a pole ten feet long touching adoctor, held the other end and conversed with him for several minutesrubbed her nose over a page and toldhow many persons were in the photograph, distinguishing between menand women ; told the color of yarn bythe feeling of it ; also told the denomination of paper money by her touch.The girl was placed in the Institutionvat Janesvllle. For five years she wasso morose and despondent that hersanity was feared for; then one ofthe teachers Interested her in the lifeof Helen Kellar and since that day shehas shown marvelous development inall her remaining senses. The pictureshows Miss Huggins telling the colorof a flower by the sense of smell.CASTS SPELL; CANT BREAK ITAmateur Hypnotist Unable to ReviveHis Subject Is Through WithScience.Durham, N. H. After taking a correspondence course in hypnotism,Ralph H Seaman, a freshman at NewHampshire college, tried out his powers on his roommate, W. Briant Hobson, before an admiring student audience. The spell worked. The subject fell m limp and the amateur wassatisfied. But when he tried to bringhis roommate back to consciousnessSeaman failed.In the end Hobson was brought outof his coma by a combination of allknown antidotes for hypnosis andfainting. Seaman laid he was throughtrying to demonstrate hypnotism.Saw SqQlrre Army.Bellefonte, Pa. Passengers on theTyrone and Clearfield branch of thePennsylvania, while travUng in thevicinity of the big fill one day recently, were interested in watching asmall army of about 200 squirrels making its way down he hillside towardthe valley. Hunters whohave spentsome time in the vicinity of the fill' say that during the past two buntingseasons few squirrels have beta killeda AhBb SjmCVSL WVA-VSafl "' "r ?t--.tePARIS, KENTUCKYPARADISE PLUMESIN LAST STANDLovely Plumage Ts Making ItsLast Appearance in MillineryShops, Due to Law.PROHIBITED BY NEW TARIFFImportation Prohibited Under Law of1913, but Omission of RestrictionsonSale Left Chance forSmugglers.New York. The plumage of thebird of paradise, one of the loveliestand cruelest of feminine adornments,is making positively Its last appearance in New York millinery shops thisseason. In" another year, It is expected, it will have completely disappeared, because by that time It Is going to be dangerous to sell it. Consequently nearly every hat-shop windowin the city now contains a gorgeousdisplay of paradise plumes, markeddown to bargain prices.The new tariff law, however, contains the necessary restrictions in anamendment which puts on the dealerthe burden of proving his stock offeathers was In this country onHr before 1913. Hence the present intenseanxiety of dealers to dispose of theirparadise feathers before the act is putinto effect.Under the old law? It was the government that had to supply the proof,which was impractical. About theonly way the federal authorities couldobtain a conviction was to catch asmuggler In the act of bringing paradise feathers Into the country- Oncethey were here, they were as safe asIf they had been formally passed bythe customs officials.No Shortage of Plumes.Thus the smuggling of paradisefeathers into this country has beenproceeding briskly for the last nineyears, during which time the millinery-market has never been annoyed by ashortage. The demand for the plumes,according to one dealer, is "as steadyas that for diamonds," so that smugglers have always been able to dispose of their goods promptly. Mostof the smuggling has been carried onby seamen and officers of merchantships from the Mediterranean, whousually conceal the feathers undertheir clothing."Lean ' seamen," one official tellsus, have waddled off their ships swollen and puffed like Falstaffs by lasersupon layers of plumes strapped totheir limbs and trunks. On some linescustoms inspectors first take a glimpseat the neck and then at the waist ofthe seamen. - If they observe a No. 14neck springing out of a 60-inch torsothey make an arrest and usually recover a few thousand dollars' worthof feathers."All of the confiscated plumes, asspecified in the 1913 law, hare beenturned over to the National Association of Audubon societies, which hasformed them into exhibits and distributed them among 60 different museums throughout the country. About$20,000 worth of plumes, it is said, areto be found in these collections.In spite of these gratifying contributions to science, the Audubon societies, under the leadership of theirpresident, T. Gilbert Pearson, havenever ceased to agitate for a more effective law, Their only fear has beenthat It would come too late after thelast of the "Manukdewata" (birds ofthe gods), as they are called in EastIndian islands, had fallen victim tofeminine fashions.The birds are found In Papua, NewGuinea and certain parts of Africa!;where they are easily slaughtered bythe natives during the mating season.Male Bird Gorgeous."Only the full grown male bird hasthe gorgeous spread of feathers whichis coveted by commerce," explains aNew York dealer, who Is something ofan authority on the subject "This Isat Its best during the courting season,when they hold their annual dancingexhibits for the vbenefit of the lessgorgeous but highly prized females."It isn't necessary to kill the birdsIn order to get their feathers, but it Isusually more convenient. Lately, sincethey have been growing so scarce,they are frequently trapped and released after the feathers have beencut, so that a new spread can begrown."Except at their dancing parties,the birds of paradise are naturallycautious and well able to protect themselves. They have but few naturalenemies, but their families are small,being limited usually to two offspringa season, so that they increase butslowly. This is all the more reasonwhy they should be protected fromhuman depredations."The new Jiariff l?.w will provide thisprotection, at least so far as thiscountry is concerned. According toMr. Pearson, It will "end the 35-yearbattle against the slaughter of wildbirds for millinery." A few featherswill be smuggled in and peddled fromhouse to house, as aigrettes are atpresent. But for practical purposesthe commerce In forbidden featherswill be at an end.XCarolinian Dies at Age of 110.Charleston, S. C. Robert W. Greene,aged one hundred and ten years, diedhere. He was born In Charleston in1812 and returned here from New Orleans about twenty-five years cago. Hekept a snail store in the northeastern.section of town and ntil quite recent,'ijr.pasted for a raan In his sixtiesI - She n l. rsvI Brownfe . I "I vnfflwW $foo I '& "(D (A In all the world there's no. .O Q) shave like a Gillette shave I ,JO J2 The only way to get a I ' "m Gillette shave is with Vj W CJg 0) a Gillette Razor - iQ) Here's a genuine MD Gillette for $l-rthe 1 ;"g(5 "Brow9ie"with3fine vl-g Gillette blades V&i' "O Now at all Dealer 1WSm &1 IwYI(j&v , GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO.. Bette. U.S.A. 9jHEVSEVEZViSVV7VVliVVi?vaBMWWVWW9Bourbon Laundry IDAVIS & FUNK,Telephone No. 4islhi2?CsL3wL i if, i ViTt 1wW flaJK&SvyWSJl' -. ; I1 uFH if-K. vV':."BwfrBwwO TiNE?I The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyIX!IMJfXiIN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance."3r?Two -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15 .Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St, ear Main Both PhonesisBourbon News AdyertisersGtRtsihj(WW i i SmmbSSzmgmMProprietorsWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve- timerits in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are 2j prepared to ao worK mie-nor to none, ana solicityour patronage.' .' w .Affr, If fevM -.."(SkW...va.r)Ii!"'t.f-x."s"T?lTfrfrr5s"rr';" HTt -Hjufr".v,WVPAGE EIGHT'fA'-, THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY 18, 1&2Z.r'-t jC "";"!-?y-.t.?M-iAi -MILLERSBURGffttwttting News Items Prom Bourbon County's College TownTWrc Parlor TflvflTm IS VlRlHnsr- -friends in Lexington.- Mrs. Nannie Linville, of Cov4 ington, is visitng Mrs. Mary Huffman.'Col. and Mrs. W. R. Nelson have." returned from a tfusness trip to Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Oliver leftSaturday for their new home in Norwood, Ohio.Mrs.- Nenoie Rigdon, of Lexington, is visiting Dr. and Mrs. J.D. Calhoun.Mrs. Lizzie Darnell, of Flemingsburg, is guest of her sister, Mrs.S. E. Bruce.Miss Mary Savage, of Cleveland, Ohio, is visiting her aunt, Mrs.G-. W. Judy. .Mrs. Martha Vimont is visitingher daughter, Mrs. W. A. Munzing,in Maysville.Prof, and Mrs. A. C. Klockseim,of Ann Arbor, Michigan,, are visitingrelatives here.Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen anddaughter have returned from a visitwith relatives in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Laura Hutchings has returned to Carlisle, after a visit, withher sister. Mrs. Rhoda' Conway.Russel Caldwell has resigned asclerk at 'the "Sweet Shop" and has" been succeeded by William Miller.' Mrs. C. B. Poer, of Covington,has returned home after a visit withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. FarTis. . -Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Judy, accompaned -by Mr. and Mrs. Henryhidy, of Paris, spent Sunday at BlueLick Springs.Mrs. J. T. Judy and son, Norman, have returned from a visitwith her mother, Mrs. W. B. Payne,in Cynthiana.Rev. and Mrs. W. D. Welburnhave returned .from a visit to theirdaughter, Mrs. C. 0. Wilson, inBradfordsville.Mrs. Allie Miller and sons, William and Hart, left Saturday to visither sister, Mrs. Lyle Buffington, inColumbus, Ohio.Rev. F. W. Eberhardt will fillthe pulpit at the Millersburg Baptist church each Sunday morningduring the remainder of July.Mr. Wadell Beeding has returned from a visit with relatives inWhitesville, Tennessee, accompaniedby his brother-in law, Mr. W. T.Whitley.The Young People's iMssionarySociety of the Methodist church willmeet with Miss Alfa Ball at hercountry home this afternoon at 2:30o'clock.Miss Lizzie Vimont received atelegram announcing the death atPasadena, California, of Mr. J. C.Chamberlain, who married her niece,Miss Katie Vimont. Mr. ChamberSTRAWHATSpecials!Just in time we areoffering our highgrade straws at asharp reduction.$2.00Straw Hats$1.25Straw Hats.. J I. jU$3.00Straw Hats..$2.00Straw Hats. 52.50$5.00 &n nrStraw Hats. JO. I JPanama Hats$3.75Children's StrawHats, 25cPrice & Co.Oothters.slain was at the'lijead ,of the Chamberlain Medicine Co., of Des Monies,Iowa, manufacturers of preparatorymedicines.Mr. ancL Mrs. Alvin Miller andchildren, motoring from ColumbiaUniversity, Columbia, Mo.,' were recent guests of Mr. and Mrs. Albert (Miller, in this place. They are des- Icendants of Mr. John Miller, founder of the town of ' Millersburg.While here they gathered a largefund of data and information regarding the Miller family tree. Theyspent several nights auto-campingon the C. B. Laysbn farm, whichwas originally owned by John Miller. They were en route to California. The Woman's Missionary Auxiliary of the Methodist church, heldits summer meeting at the home ofCol. and Mrs. C. M. Best. The president, Mrs. W. A. Butler, presidedover the brief business session, afterwhich Mrs. Lizzie took chargeof the Missonary program. Subjectfor the month, Los Angeles, was aresume of the work being done forthe Orientals on the Pacific Coast.Most interesting talks were given,each one showing advancement inthe work and all bringing a note ofencouragement. The privilege ofinviting a guest, had been extendedto each member of the auxiliary,ana at the close of the program asocial hour was spent. Followingthis a delightful two-course supperwas served to about seventy. It wasa most pleasant occasion, but therewas a tinge of sadness felt, as Col.and Mrs. Best are leaving the first ofAugust for Philadelphia where theywill make their future home. Atthe close of supper interesting littletalke were given by Mrs. W. M. Mller, Miss Alfa "Ball, Mr. W. A. Butler and Mr. Carlton Ball, expressingappreciation of the life work of Col.and Mrs. .Best, who responded withmuch feeling. Deepest regret wasexpressed at their leaving, and happiest wishes' showered uponv them.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. B. Cray and Mr.and Mrs. Jas. Ellington were amongthe guests, and received their shareof good wishes, as they leave fortheir new homes.FOKMER, PARISIAN CLAIMS REMARKABLE INVENTION(Carlisle Mercury)Tuesday mornin'g a lepresentativeof The Mercury viewed a demonstration' of the working model of a water-powermachine, invented by Mr.M. A. Ritter, who is at present employed at the Neal Bakery in Carlisle. Mr. Ritter, who was born in Germany, and came to this country inIS 70, at the age of ten years, hasbeen working on this machine fortwenty-two years. He is still enthusiastic over the possibilities ofthe machine and to a layman, atleast, his invention seems to havegreat possibilities.The power is furnished by a fivefoot overshot wheel, of the typeused. in old water mills in past days.A small 1-S horse power motor isused to start the two 3-inch cylinder pumps, which work alternately.The water is delivered to the overshot wheel, which revolves rapidly.A 24-inch drive wheel, attached tothe overshot wheel is intended tofurnish the power to operate a dynamo. The dynamo will furnishlights and at the same time chargea storage battery, from which themotor, the original power, can beoperated indefinitely.Mr. Ritter has in mind the furnishing of a cheap motive power forlighting country homes. His invention may also be used to heat ahome. In fact he stated that he intended to put a machine in operationin Carlisle this fall, and furnishboth heat and light to a local home.The power developed by the machine, the inventor states, is contingent upon, the size of the overshotwheel and the power of the pumpswhich furnish water to the wheelcups. Theoretically, at least, sufficient power might be developed torun large machinery.The perfected machine will runon ball bearings, which will eliminate friction and also prolong thelife of the machine. In fact thewearing parts "is the only thing thatcan prevent it from lasting indefinitely. As in the history of most inventions, Mr. Ritter has worked longand faced many disappointments. Apatent was granted him in 1907,but a patent on an improved motielwas denied him in September, 1921,on the ground that the machine wasan attempt at "perpetual motion."Several substantial business menin Paris became interested in Mr.Ritterls invention, when he lived inthat place, but the failure to securea patent has prevented the perfection 'of a marketable machine.The model -now in Carlisle is in arear room of the old Conley House,where Mr. Ritter will gladly demonstrate it to anyone who is interested.The mechanic might be able tofind the flaw in this rather wonderful piece of mechanism, but, as hasbeen observed, it appears most feasible to the layman.NEW HOUSE FOB SALENEW 7-B00K HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONJTOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.leunoir LUMBIX CO.(moT5-tfli-1(: THEATRE2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10 c, War Tax Inc.TUESDAY"JUST AROUND THE CORNER" AN &Ls?TARThe romance of the sidewalks of New York, and some of the places where they lead. Fashioned out of the thing called love and whatit did for a mother, a maid, a man. Written by Fannie Hurst, the author who, wrote "HUMORESQUE." rising, like it, above the roars. and clatter into the best that human hearts can know.Also Mutt and Jeff Comedy and Standard Comedy, "Squirrel Food"Wednesday Free Day TWO ON ONE ADMISSION Wednesday Free DayEthel Clayton "Exit the Vamp"Does the average man love two types 'of women, A Sensible Girl" To Marry, A "Good Sport" to Play With? This is astory of such a husband and a wife wouldn't run true to form! Human and exciting! Innocent but gay! Cast includes Theodore Roberts, T. Roy Barns and Fontaine La Rue.Also Pathe Weekly and "Home Spun Hero," Cristie ComedyTHURSDAYJACK HOLT andBEBE DANIELSLove with a price on its head Love riding like the wind over Burning sands, and fighting through to happiness amid the Western Hillsa two star romance with 100 exciting thrills. AlsoPathe Serial, "Go-Get-'Em Hutch," and Snub Pollard Comedy, "Light Showers"DEVELOPING INTELLECTUALGROWTH IN BOYS ANDYOUNG MEN.Alfred J. Westendorf, formerlyof New York, now with the BabsonInstitute, Wellesley, Mass., whereyoung men are trained for high executive positions, has earned an enviable reputation, through a hobbyof his, as a developer of permanent"root" growth in boys and youngmen. He is one of those men whohas time to think of and with others. Some of the magazines havereferred to him as a national friend,others call him another Doctor Conwell or Judge Lindsay.He possesses a very inquisitivemind when it comes to the welfareof young people. He is always wondering about what is being doneand what might be done. Duringthe past two years at his own expense and in his, quiet way he hasbeen carrying on a survey with reference to high school activitiesthroughout the country. He wanted to know what they were thinking about and what they are doing.He found that piactical school meneverywhere were clamoring and craving for definite and concrete examples of school activities. That better ideas were in demand everywhere. To serve these people is thething that urged him on in these investigations. Mr. Westendorf found that lack ofinterest on the part of the pupils inmany cases was due to lack of concentrated effort on the part of theschool. That it was due to not having the work hung on a definite hookHe found that many schools bysimply giving their present methodsa new twist might become 1000more productive. He found loads ofschools carrying on splendid Thrift fcampaigns, but in Olathe, Kansas,for instance, the pupils are not simply urged to save, but are trainedfrom the fifth grade up to prepareto meet their own graduation expense. It is not only a fine training, but unconsciously it tends todevelop a desire to stay to the finish. It tends to eliminate the dropping out habit. It gives thrift anentirely new color.In Birmingham, Mich., they arebuilding up a Scholarship Fund, another fine example to follow. Theordinary variety of "honor roll" iscommon everywhere. In the Richmond, Indiana, High Schools theydo it in a different way. They advertise the "honor boys" as "guaranteed boys." It creates an entirelydifferent effect. These young menduring their senior year are allowedto spend a part of their time without pay, associating and acquainting themselves with the things theyhope to do after graduation. Itgives them a practical opportunityto demonstrate their worth and itplaces them on a much better footing after graduation. This addedkink doubles and trebles effort. Weare told that if we are not trainedto be workers, we unconsciously arebeing trained to be BhirkersThe Pierre Schools of South Dakota, are radiating a helpful influence over an unusually wide aera.There are many rural children inthat locality who cannot afford to goto Pierre for the entire school year.To meet the need, the high schoolteachers of Pierre co operate withthe rural teachers during the firsthalf of the year, thus reducing thecost to these children by one-half.It is a plan that might be copiedand duplicated very effectively inmany other States and sections.Canton, Ohio, during the past schoolyear attracted more than 4.000 people out of a population of 90,000to its splendid night schools? InRichmond, Virginia, the secondgeneration is commencing to reapthe benefits of these special educa-''tional advantages. The Richmond Isk 1 JJJM m "vII IiANDIA Cosmopolitan ProductionIT'S A PARAMOUNT PICTURE -THURSDAY"North of the Rio Grande"inschools are justly proud of the accomplishments of a certain motherin that city.Mr. Westendorf's constructive investigations have aroused widespreadinterest. It has attracted the attention of the governors of Virginiaand Texas, in fact pubic spiritedpeople in general from coast to coast.BIRTHSMr. and Mrs. Owen Gibson, ofParis, are the proud parents of a finedaughter, born Saturday. Mrs. Gib-son was formerly Miss Mary AllinHutchcraf t, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Norman Suter of Ber-lin, Pa., are welcoming the arrivalof a son, weight 8 pounds, bornrecently at their home in thdt city.The young man has been named Robert Henry Suter.The mother wasformerly Miss Ellen Henry, of Paris,The world is better than it was.Lenin once lived in New York.fft-'-r- -CLEAN-Our entire stock on sale. Tremendous reductions tfiis week! Agreat sale offering of the Newest Summer Styles in Footwear!Oxfords and Strap Slippersat price-sweeping, marked-down reductions. Follow the crowdsto our store. Get your share of the savings.Great Clean-Sweet Sale of neweststyle Ladies' White Canvas footwear in Lace Oxfords and Straps.Some Military Enamel Heels.Reduced to -Ladies' $3.00 to? 4. 00 Tan andBlack Oxfords. Reduced toClean Sweep Sale Misses' and Children's Oxfords and Slippers.Misses' and Children's $3.00 and$3.50 Slippers. Reduced to .Ladies's $4.50 Patent Straps, Rubber Heels. Reduced toMisses' and Children's White Canvas Slippers. Reduced toChildren's $1.50 Tan Play LaceOxfords. Sizes 6 -to 11. Reduced toDAN COHENParis' Greatest ShoevI OPERA H0USE I .. IVaT-fTrrnl L7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.RELIGIOUSA Jtesume of Events In ReligionsCircles For Jresent andFutureA revival meeting, to be conducted at the Mt. Carmel Christianchurch, in this county, by Evangelist W. Graham Walker, will beginSunday, July 23. Rev. Walker will'be assisted bv Prof. Leonard Daueh-erty, of Cincinnati, singing evange-llst. There will be special music ateach service. Service will begineach evening at 7:30 o'clock. Rev.j Waiker is a former pastor of the Mt.Carmel church, serving from 1902 to1905, when he was called as StateSecretary of the Christian churchesjn North Carolina.I The laying of the corner stoneGf the Methodist church at Nich-olasville, will take place Sunday afiternoon, July 22, at 3 o'clock, whenservices will be held. The recordsof the church show that the MethoPRICESSMASHEDIN OUR SENSATIONALmA big lot of Misses' Shoes, valuesto $2.50. Reduced toLadies' High Grade Slippers, $4.00,$5.00 and" $6.00 grades. Wonderful values. Reduced toMen's Shoes and Oxfords SalePrices Tan Russia Leathers,Rubber Heels, $4.00 grades.Reduced toMen's $5.00 grades newest styleShoes and Oxfords. Reduced to . .Ladies' $5.00 to $7.00 grades newest styles. Reduced toMen's $3.00 Army last Work ShoesReduced to ..$1.45$1.95$1.95$2.95$1.2499cInfants' $1.00 Strap Slippersat rMen's $2.50 Tan Elk ScoutShoes, -now ...- .vjStoreWhere BeautyTUESDAYjidist church was organized in Nicho-.lasville in 179S by Rev. John Met-,calf, and the first church, a framebuilding, was erected and dedicated,during his pastorate, a year later.In latter years a frame union churchwas built, which was used by Methodists, Baptists and Presbyterians.The Methodists built a brick churchof their own in 1846, and this wasdedicated in 1886 by Dr. H. C.Morrison, and which was destroyedby fire last December. While thechurch is under erection, servicesconducted by the pastor, Rev. Madiso Combs, are being held at thecourt house.REAL ESTATE DEALSContractors have broken groundfor the erection of a modern framebungalow on the lot recently purchased by Mr. and Mrs. MonoreMansfield from Mr. and Mrs. GilbertLytle. The new home will containfive rooms, bath and all modernconveniences.S&it1S.00$2.85$2.95$3.45$3.85$1.9550c$1.79and Economy ReignJnLIIr ---'r ,ivV,'