.VTHEy-.PUBLISHED EVERYr - fVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1922j. U 9i&t'm7BOURBON NEWS'toTUESDAY ANTI FRJTIAV nv nro vpid vtft-1BIG THINGS PBOMISED FOE COMMUNITY PICNICAccording to present arrangements practically every wholesomeamusement imaginable, will be provided for both old and young, at theCommunity Picnic, to be given onMonday, September 4, in the ForrestLetton woodland, near Paris.The Maysville Cardinals Band, afamous musical organization, willdelight with programs of popularand classical music, and a speaker ofprominence will deliver an addressappropriate to the occasion. Thebeautiful woodland will be aninviting place to spend the day, andevery citizen of the county who canattend should take a day off and-visit the picnic. The little folkswill be taken care of, especial features being provided for theiramusement. A mammoth auctionsale of all kinds of good things willbe one of the day's features. Donations are requested for this sale, andmay be taken to the home of Mrs.Wm. G. McClintock, on Pleasantstreet.The picnic grounds are situatedon the Paris and Lexington road,near Paris, easily accessible fromthe interurban line, and by autos.STAfiT SAVING NOWThe first dollar is the foundationfor real thrift. Leave your moneywith the old reliable Bourbon Biuldirig and Loan Association, where itwill not only earn a fair rate of interest, but it will be absolutely safe..New series opens Saturday, September 2.H. A.-POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.REAL ESTATE DEALSAuctioneer M. F. Kenney sold publicly at the court house door Saturday for Master Commissioner O. T.Hinton, a house and lot on Winchester street, belonging to Mrs. Elizabeth Brown, to Dan Mahaney, . Sr.,for $5,195. He also sold anotherhouse .belonging to the same partiesto the Brown heirs, for $2,220.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS.THE TIME LIMIT IS GROWING'SHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IN THECOURT HOUSE, AND UST YOURTAXES.BEN WOODFORD,TAX COMMISSIONER.ZKKBhtl"THE PRIDETHREE BIG DOLLAR DAYSDOLLAR DAYFRIDAYSeptember 1st4 -DOLLARjDAYMONDAYFor Prices SeeV rf CO Jf&&DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKY. r. .fCOUNTY ELECTION COMMISSIONERS CHOSENWill G. McClintock, Democrat,and J. S. Taylor, Republican, were . dulged in recently regarding probnamed County Election Commis-able candidates for the Democraticsioners for Bourbon county in the nomination for Governor. In thislist of Commissioners selected at ' connection, the name of James H.Frankfort, Friday, by the State Elec- , Thompson, of Bourbon county, hastion Board. The commissioners es- been given prominent and favorablelected at this meeting will name the .county officers to conduct the November regular election and, the primary election in 1923."In several counties, especially inthe Tenth and Eleventh Congressional districts, the two Republican members of the commisssion,Roy Speck, chairman, and J. M. Perkins, out voted the Democraticmember, Dr. John Stout, of Danville,and named the Democratic electioncommissioners.Mrs. Annie Shanks Bourne, whowas Democratic commissioner forHenry county last year, was re-appointed.She is the only womanelection commissioner in the Stateand the only woman ever appointedto this post in Kentucky.EIRE DAMAGES TENTH STREETSHOP' Damage approvimating $750 wassustained in a fire at midnight Saturday, which partly destroyed aframe building on Tenth street. Thebouse was occupied by Phil Hopkins, as a barber shop, and is ownedby Judge H. Clay Howard.The department was called by analarm from Box 26, but by the timethey reached the scene the housewas practically destroyed. The causeof the fire was undetermined. Theneighboring property, endangeredfor a while, was saved without dam-age. The loss on the building is jfully covered by insurance.oEire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANTHE RIGHT HATOn the right man of course if itcomes from Davis' it is . right in'every other way.J. W. DAVIS & CO.-ar-NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSEYRYE, TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.29-tf)OF PARIS'DOLLAR DAYSATURDAYFriday's Paper.7 -,M. s.KPROBABLE STARTERS IN GUBERNATORIAL RACEMuch speculation has been in-mention. Under the head of "TheJAMES H. THOMPSONDemocratic Nomination For Governor' the Mt. Sterling SentinelDemocrat pays the following compliment to Mr. Thompson, and toMr. Will E. Simms, of Woodfordcounty, a former resident of Paris:"Much has been said in the papers of the State regarding the nextDemocratic nominee for Governorand many splendid men suggestedfor this important place. The Sentinel-Democratis not pledged or obligated to any man and it shall beour endeavor to present to our readers from time to time what information we can glean regarding thosewho aspire to this high office or whohave been suggested as candidates.We want to see in the Governor'schair, a business man of education,a man interested in good roads andgood schools and lastly a man whohas no further political aspriations,but who will be satisfied to retireafter his term as Governor has expired. "Among those suggested havebeen Congressman A. W. Barkley,Congressman W. J. Fields, Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill, Hon.Charles Marvin, Hon. William E.Simms. Hon. James H. Thompson,Hon. J. N. Camden, Editor Deshaj Breckinridge, Editor Harry A. Som-mers, Judge Charles N. Harding,I Hon. Thomas A. Combs, Judge W.R. Shackleford and Judge CharlesC. Thomas,j "Among those mentioned in theState press as probable starters for'the Democratic nomination for Governor has often been suggested thename of Hon. Will E. Simms, of.Woodford county.' "Mr. Simms, a graduate of Yale, a:man of means, a successful farmerand a gentleman of most ,pleasing'personality, would no doubt make'a splendid race. For many months;he has been giving his time towardperfecting the Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association and has madenumerous speeches throughout theState and it is from the people andinot the politicians that men such asWill Simms will receive support."One of the outstanding figures ofthe last session of the General Assembly was Hon James H. Thomp-json, of Bourbon county, Speaker of'the House of Representatives. As.Speaker his rulings were always fairand clean, his conduct above- reproach, his courtesy unfailing andone would often hear the expression,'we need a man like Jim Thompson'in the Governor's chair.'"We have heard a number of menmentioned for the Democratic nom-ination for Governor and knov of noone that would fill the office moreacceptably than he. Born on a farmin Montgomery county, he moved toBourbon county when quite a youngman, where he has since resided.While he has represented his countytwice as a member of the Legislature, he could in no sense be termeda -politican because on both occasions he has been practically drafted'for service by his party and wasnominated and elected without opposition. "As a business man and farmer hehas been a success and his interestin the welfare of the farmer wasproven by his labors in behalf of afair and just tax law for the own'ers of real property and we doubtif there is a better posted man in theState on matters of taxation thanMr. Thompson."A man of the people, interested inrendering some real service to theState, with no selfish interests to' serve and no further political ambitions to gratify he would make acandidate any right-thinking, Kentucky-lovingcitizen could fearlesslyand conicientiously support. We donot know whether Mr. Thompson ismW'MmmPEESBYTEBIANS OPEN CAMPAIGN IN BOUEBON COUNTYThe Presbyterians of Paris haveopened their campaign for ChristianEducation. This is a part of theStatewide movement for $1,000,000for' Centre College; the PresbyterianTheological Seminary; KentuckyCollege for Women; WitherspoonCollege; Pikeville College; LeesCollegiate Institute; Matthew T.Scott, Jr., Academy; Sayre School,and the Presbyterian Orphanage atAnchorage.About forty Presbyterian officersand their wives, and several guestsatttended the Blue Hue dinnerMonday evening at the First Presbyterian church at six-thirty o'clock,when Dr. John jC. Acheson, President of the Kentucky College forwomen, and Dr. John M. VanderMeulen, President of the Theological Seminary, spoke on Christianeducation. Both are widely knownthroughout Kentucky as authorities'on Christian education. A numberof other prominent . Pjresbyterianswere called during the evening. At'the Blue Hue dinner the plans ofthe campaign in Paris, and justwhat the cause means to the Presbyterian churches here and throughout the State, were explained byPaul Harris, Jr., of Louisville.This Blue Hue dinner is a specialfeature of the campaign and marksthe actual beginning of the intensive work necessary in a cause ofthis kind, according to Mr. E. R.Pike, who is in charge of the work.The active co-operation of the women of the Presbyterian church hasbeen secured, and they did much,tprough Mrs. J. T. Tadlock, chairman to make the dinner a success.The musical program was under thedirection of Miss Elizabeth Crutcher.The active committees have beenappointed by those in charge of thePresbyterian movement for Christian education a woman's committee and a committee in charge ofthe four-minute speakers. Servingunder Mrs. J. T. Tadlock, chairmanof the Woman's Committee, are anumber of sub-chairmen, as follows:Prayer, Mrs. Charles Butler andMrs. R. J. Neely; Census, Mrs. J. T.Vansant; Special Program, Mrs. T.S. Smylie; Life Enlistment, Mrs. J.Simms Wilson; Organization, Mrs.'Owen L. Davis.The four-minute men will presentthe case at all church services. Thiscommittee is headed by Owen L. Da-Vis, and serving with him are JudgeE. M. Dickson, Claude M. Thomas,C. B. Mitchell, M. P. Collier andRobert Meteer.HUNDEEDS BUY THEIE HOMESTHROUGH PEOPLES BUILDINGAND LOAN ASSOCIATIONThe Peoples Building and LoanAssociation Inc., has helped over300 people of Paris and Bourboncounty pay for their homes duringits existence. It affords an easy"system to save, by means of whichhundreds of people have been helped to get a start in the businessworld.It is a good organization to boost.Boost it by becoming a member.Boost it with your influence.G. W. WILDER, President.F. W. GALLOWAY, Secy.' oNICE HOME AT AUCTION SALEFRIDAYSubstantial, well-built five-roomcottage, with bath and pantry, atpublic sale on Friday, Sept. 1, at2:30 p. m. on the premises, No. 16,Sixteenth street. A bargain for ahome-seeker. Home is well located,just off Main street, and is a mostdesirable piece of property,o"HEAD OVEE HEELS" WITH MABEL NOEMANDNo actress on the screen to-dayhas enjoyed the vicissitudes of hersuccess more than the ebullient Ma-!bel Normand, who will be seen inher newest Goldwyn photoplay,"Head Over Heels," at the Alamoand Grand this afternoon and night.In her latest Goldwin release,"Head Over Heels," she is cast as aforeign acrobat with a flaring temperament. And never one in thecourse of her encounters witli therepresentatives of a strange civilization, does she balk at being the circus performer to the life. However,there are gentle moments also forMiss Normand in this photoplay, forthe ignorant acrobat blossoms into asweet girlish personality whose lovely eyes and captivating manner havemuch to do with solving the problemof her career.As usual, Mabel Mormand is supported by an excellent cast, including Hugh Thompson, Russ Powell,Raymond Hatton and Lilyan Tashman. even considering running or not, but jif he should-make the race he has ahost of friends here in. old- Mont-,gomery who would so their- limitTHE STRTKF, SITUATIONAttempts to end the rail shopmen'sstrike by separate settlements withindividual roads failed and conferences were broken off in New York.In announcing the breaking off ofnegotiations, David Williams, headof the Eastern strike committee,said:"Nothing else could have happened. If they'll quit fussing aroundwe'll beat these fellows."A statement by the executives representing fifty-two main and subsidiary lines with 85,000 miles oftrackage, who had attended the latest conferences, disclaimed any desire to take advantage of the strikesituation to curtail the "pension orprivileges" which had been earnedby the strikers before quitting andexpressed a willingness to restore allstrikers with pension privileges unimpaired.From unofficial sources it waslearned that the breakup came whenlabor men rejected a proposal advanced by the roads which was regarded by executives as representinga big concession.At labor headquarters, . where itwas said the unions were preparedfor a fight-to-the-finish, telegramswere being dispatched all over thecountry, .calling upon strikers to renew the struggle with redoubledvigor."We know where we stand now,"ICE CEEAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers,willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.PICTUEE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GEANDTo-day, Tuesday, August 28 Mabel Normand, in "Head Over'Heels;" Mutt and Jeff comedy, "Getting Ahead;" Comedy, "Snookie'sHome Run."'Pri-Tn rwvrwvr WTar noelov Aumief3nuvo0 n nniAin,Tom Moore, in "Mr. Barnes, of- .. ' .New York;" Pathe News; Christie ,comedy, "Let Me Explain."Thursday, August 31 PaulineFrederick, in Roads of Destiny;"Snub Pollard comedy, "Some Baby;".Movie Chats.1eLU GG AGE: For the College GirlfjJSJF Wimiiirflfl III 1 1 W 1 y HHKS iLHHMHKfllllllllllv n KHM!II I Iv I li u tv hHHiviili I XJjHp HIHWill li sbSH ' H1Wm KmwmKK&sEmmLmmmmmmmYour College Trousseaushould be properly cared for, fo that you willalways "look your best" on or off the campus.We are now showing a trunk specially designed"to care for" the college trousseau. It containsmany little conveniences and exclusive featuresthat will delight the college girl. And the priceis unusually low for such a fine trunk.We extend an invitation to comein and view our showing of"TRUNX FOR COLLEGE USE"KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS :D. A. E. TBIP TO PEAHEFOKTHUESDAYHave you ever visioned the beauties of the Kentucky River from thdeck of a slow-moving steamer, orfrom a comfortable seat on a barge,as they floated tranquilly along?,Have you ever made one of thetrips? If you have not, then thchance will be afforded you onThursday, when the Jemima John- "son Chapter, D. A- R., will proMo JfCa round-trip to Frankfort and a ridup the river.The big barge, towed by a riversteamer, will leave Frankfort at teno'clock on the morning of Thursday, August 31, for the trip. Thoswho have viewed the ever-changingbeauties of the river and its environments need not be told of itwonders, but to those who havjtnever been there it will be a revelation of beauty. The journey toFrankfort may be made by the L. &N., the Interurban, or by motor cararriving in time to join the party.The round trip will cost only ondollar. Those intending to make thetrip should provide themselves witha box lunch, which can be served onthe upper deck of the barge.The proceeds will be used by thelocal D. A. R. Chapter in purchasinga marker to mark the grave ofSquire Boone, brother of Kentucky'noted pioneer, Daniel Boone, whichhas been located on a farm on theLittle Rock pike, near Paris. TheChapter also aims to purchase abronze tablet, bearing names of allthe Revolutionary soldiers fromBourbon county, to be plaved in aconspicuous place in the Bourboncounty court house, as soon as permission can be obtained.All members of J;he D. A. R., theirfriends, and their friends, or anyothers can spend a most enjoyableday by making this trip, which willbe one of great interest to them.Pack up your old lunch box, layaside all your business and socialcares, and go to Frankfort on theD. A. R. trip Thursday.oBUY NON-TAXABLE STOCK THATWILL EAEN MONEY.Peoples Building and Loan As-sociation, Inc., stock is non-taxable.t Viae olwave Tvmn nn nvprafre nlvlx --" -' -;-dent of 7 Per cent, which is abso-lute1 net; Make your money getJom any time ow 1S a1Wd,y! ZT " TTT -t, t - 'w- ttrrTF. W. GALLOWAY, Secy.-Xii 'fcts.v)ihiiWfaaiiiii.!?:ll1.7.1ITLIKr,Bt'i-"ri4 Lxf V'- (jfl-- -, ,ri-t &ft My.jt.?-;N..i,'. -APAGE TWOrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1121.-e9QHSE'THE BOURBON NEWS ;IffcUitfced 188141 Years of Continnons Publication rNbliihfd Every Tuesday and Friday' Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.vJfctered at the Paris, Kentucky,Fostoffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)HTE POBEIGIT BEPBESENTATIVES. Mew York American Press Asso--Utioa.Chicago Lord & Thomas.H Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCinbinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per-"inch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blackype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi. adates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-t-mentsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedsto decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bystfee cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of:ny person, firm or corporation-which may appear in the columns! THE BOURBON NEWS will bevffladly corrected if brought to theAttention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGS-August is sliding along .-And the frogs go "chunk"-On the old treetrunk-And locusts sing a song."To his drowsy droning song"The quail go "cheep."Jn. the meadow deep-August is sliding along.When death has put our toys away-And called us off to bed,.And tucked the comfort of the dusk-About each weary head;Of all the dreams that come to bless"""Tha thour of quiet rest,The memory of the love we gave"Will surely be the best.The Paris girl's suitor and the3?aris girl's father will have to flipnickels together this winter to decide whether Ihe young man willrpend $5.00 taking the girl to thelances or the old man spends ?5.00cheating the parlor for the evening.There is no money in conductingva. restaurant since liquor was abolished. If you don't believe it theipoor proprietor of some of theseplaces are said to buy canteloupes atten. cents each, and sell you a halfportion for only fifty cents, salt andjS?epper included.'And with regard to Harold McCoranick of Chicago, we rise to say thatirom the presidency-' of the Jnterna-utionar Harvesters Company to thewwtfitioa of fourthr-husband of ?a Polisfrjsolera cinger is a tired -business- man's tumble that, mke sensible"business men tiri!jThe Presides of the UnitednStates says he desalwkr on-the1ntuiion of labor. ;ljf !Npog3the waroT labor. He deptofeswjtr.- Heinrites the 777,q4f4h estimation- 0facark Twain's 'obwfcyation that evei7hody depfpred bar weather, but. JfLofeody didanythimg vabout it.,Astronomers are said to be making elaborate preparations to record.-ierery phase of the total eclipse of"the sun on September 11. And a lotof Democrats are preparing to inraure another eclipse to be staged insthe State of Kentucky on Novem"$bei 2 between the hours of six a.J. m.and four p. m.The first all-woman jury in Indiana which tried a case involvingaa violation of the prohibition lawsk -3xl Jeffersonville, refused to be pho'ttographed for the press. The pho-, -sfcographers could not learn whether-the jurors' powder was not, onjetraight, or whether they did not-want to take a chance on going into!the defendant's scrap book.School girls at Zebulon, Ky., have-organized a club to be known as-"Zebulon Girls," the rules of which"Require that they shall go barefoot,wear their hair down and wear onlyvk.e dress a week. The club has"elsht charter members. Attentionj0 lease, Paris flappers!-IJaer tke caption, "Still An-the Danville MessengerWMVBtnng,fc4 the following: "The Lexington'JKrld carriers are still goingaboutAc streets yelling and squallingtfict normiag and disturbing the""!aS3SE!!H5""55!!!!!!!!I!!5!wdUv fcf-Ajlfe fe&S S5RMBHBBBflflflflflflflBi9BBV a Sl'i'iJh Mn T n taSBBBBBBBBBBBSiL ffii V7iSflflfliBflflflBflflflflflFSBlnL lA, MMBflSflllflatfflflflflfclsau r -s. : llMtJJSSBBBBBBBBBMSBBBkB Jlv i ' silYslBBflllflflflfi! ,:' 42jVwJ JFootball practice will begin Tuesday, September 5th. Hancock Feidis being put into condition for theopening of the season. Bleachers are being erected to seatfive hundred people. A fence is being put around the playing field toprevent any one but the players andofficials from entering the playingpublic quietude." Well, well, howcould anyone expect to sell newspapers otherwise. Use the radiosystem, eh?Great game in the American Association baseball league Friday,when Philadelphia and Boston played a 26 to 23 score game. DeputySheriff Jim Gibson said it remindedhim of the old days in Bourboncounty when two teams played atRuddles Mills, in a score of 6 to 59,the game lasting two days.oREGARDING PEREMPTORYCHALLENGESRepeated attempts have beenmade to change the Kentucky law ,relating to the number of perempto-jT.ry challenges allowed the defense inselecting a jury in criminal cases,but all of these have failed in theLegislature. Under the present lawthe defense is permitted fifteen per-emptory challenges as against only Mr and Mrs g M AHen andfive allowed the Commonwealth. j daughter.Miss Ruth Allen, have reThe system has been attacked by ( turned f rom a visit witn relatives ineminent jurists as an obstacle to Stanford.meteing out justice and an unfair i Rev. Marvin Adams, of Bardsfair advantage for the defendant in town, preached at the Baptista criminal prosecution. Move-! church Sunday morning, and also atments have been started by law re-formers to reduce the defenselenges to ten, or twice the numberallowed the prosecution, but theseenorts nave succeeded m getting nou - . .uuliiw tuitu uie uuxoaucuuii oi meDins in tne legislature.Lawyer members of the Legisla-ture generally are opposed to anysuch reform measure and this in alarge measure accounts .for its fail -lire to make- any- headway in thelawmaking- body? Ani- element ofoersonal, interest)- entW into thefritter as theflawyerfsolons mostr-T-" .. . ..'.. . . ... a.i.u.a.....i .nttwi, nractir.e- im tne' nnminniL -!. j.i- ii . - ..fcourts andfhardly cpiUd be brought,U'.T, .'iXil Iu tuyuiuvui.-uoxuBjFiu any uiuve-meni tnat wouiqj nave tne enect orsurrendering any? advantage of aprospective fclientfjin: a criminal action-.Law reformers may inveighagainst the present system, but asiomr as lawverfaTrraVp nn nhmif Qthird of the'-memb'eraihip of the Legislature, the' chances are that it maybe some ,time before u defendant willgo to trial in a criminal case withless than fifteen peremptory challenges at his disposal in picking thejury to try him.TENNESSEE GRuWERSC0NTEACTSSIGNINGPresident and General ManagerJames C. Stone received a telegramfrom Dr. Samuel H. Halley, manager of storage of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association, who is a member of the partyof Burley leaders who went to Gallatin, Tenn., to help sign up the cropof Summer county to the association, in which Dr. Halley reported"a glorious day's work" for the firstday of the drive."John Buckley led in' the numberof contracts signed," the telegramread, "and Charley Cecil, of Danville, was second. Indications arethat we sha11 siSn "P the entirecrop of the country."o-Our favorite pest today is thegink who twists on loudly whisper-ing to the fellow next to him at thepicture show.o-A frog can live for days, without'using its lumgs.PARIS HIGH SCHOOLlines. Paris High School will haveone of the best football fields inKentucky this year. Plenty ofroom for parking automobiles without obstructing the view from thegrandstand or bleachers. Nearly allof last year's team will return toschool and many new promisingplayers will be on hand.MILLERSBURGnteresting News Items Prom Bourbon County's College TownMisses Edith and Hattie Woodattended the Germantown Fair, Friday. Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jeffersonhave returned from the GermantownFair.Mr. S. C. Bascom has returnedfrom a visit with relatives in Cincinnati. Mrs. Anna Jefferson has returned from a visit with friends at Germantown. Mr. S. H. Creighton, of Indian-apolis, is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.D. Judy.I Mrs- O. M. Johnson, has Teturn-!d from a. v.isit with relatives inrB""V" U1"Mr. John Brown, of Atlanta.Ga., is the guest of his mother, Mrs.N. "Rrnwrt. and fnmilv.j the union service held in the Baptistchal-.cnurcn cunaay evening. .i Mr w D- Welburn, Jr., preach-' " Methodist church tahrU VS X U A. XI -. XIX X TI U1UIX1 11 lO XX, UUUUC 11 L.Qf K w Q Winchester and is pre,ng for the ministry.Mrs. R. H. Alderman, of Sul-len's College, Florida, Mrs. LyttletonPurnell, Mr. and Mrs. F. Collier, ofParis, were guests Sunday afternoon, of Miss Eugenia Wadell.I The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch will serve the followingmenu to the Bourbon Boosters,- August 30: Chicken, ham, brownr6 ,7 7, 2bread, rolls. sandwiches. dresspri' ' 'eggs, pickles, puddings, iceteaN0TICEI have a linNOTICE I have a line ofstamped goods, eibrdidery flosses,D. Mc C. crochet' cotton and. flosses,!slipper soles and am prepared to doall kinds 'of stamping.,MRS.' ATTA W. YOUNG,Millersburg, Ky.(25-2t)! Mr. and Mrs. Jess Wilson anddaughters, of Greenup, Ky., wereweek-end guests of Mrs. Joe Plummer and were among the guests at afamily reunion Friday and Sunday.Fifty-one guests were present forthe two days.Rev. W. D. Welburn, pastor ofthe Methodist church, and Dr. C. C.Fisher, of Millersburg College, willattend the annual Kentucky Conference, which convenes at Harrodsburg, August 30-September 4. Bishop U. V. W. Darlington, who willpreside, was a former pastor of theMillersburg Methodist church.Miss Natalie Shannon and Mr.William Cash, motored to Jeffersonville, Ind., Saturday, and were married. The bride is the daughter ofMr. and, Mrs. Wallace Shannon, wasa graduate of the class of '22 at theMillersburg High School. The groomis a young druggist of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Cash have returnedfrom Indiana, and are at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Shannon.USEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintlesB. . vTHE' BOURBON NEWS.-rro 1Eighty-four- thousand new members were enrolled inthe-' Girl1 Guides last year.FOOTBALL TEAMCoach Clay Ward is optimistic jover the outlook and busy nowevery day getting things in orderfor the opening. Mr. Ward is one ofthe best football men that ever worethe University of Virginia v uniform,and the success he had with histeam last year gives assurance of agreat learn this year.SPEARS MILLSMrs. Victoria Myers and son arevisiting Mr. and Mrs. Luther Myersin Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Wagonerhave returned from a visit with thelatter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. G.Hudnall.Mr. and Mrs. Luther Myershave returned to theinhome in Winchester from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Quincy Hinkson.In the game between the newSpears Mill team and Ruddles Mills,the former team suffered a defeatby the score of 14 to 13.The people of this communitywere inexpressibly shocked when thenews reached them of the suddendeath of Mr. Ed.' Mitchell. Mr.Mitchell was well-known and verypopular with the people of this section. He was a brother of Mr.Frank Mitchell. Their sympathygoes out to the surviving relatives.CYNTHIANA BOY GETS LIEUTENANT COMMISSIONJames Edward Rees, of Cynthiana,recently graduated from the UnitedStates Military Academy at WestPoint, has been commissioned a sec-; ond lieutenant in the infantry andjnas been directed to report at Jef.ferson Barracks Missouri at theof present' ,eave of' absence for duty with the Fifth Infantry.Second Lieutenant Sherman Gordon Armes, of Leitcheld, Ky., hasbeen assigned to the, cavalry and directed to report to Fort Bliss, Texas.JOHN FILSON MAP GIVEN' TOLIBRARYMrs. William Woods presented tothe public library of Lawrenceburga map of Kentucky when its subdivisions were the three counties' ofJefferson, Fayette and Licoln. JohnFilson made the map, and inscribesit to "the honorable Congress of theUnited States and to His Excellency,commander-in-chief of their army."The principal towns shown are Lexington, Harrodsburg and Bardstown.Other settlements on trails arenoted.HAPPY FAMILY GATHEEINGThe Danville Messenger has thefollowing society note of interest to'Paris people:"A very interesting group of ladies, members of the King family,at Moreland, paid the Daily Messenger a pleasant call. There were sixof the ladies, all sisters, being Mrs.J. Porter Cox, of Bowling Green,Ky., Mrs. Zach Elkin, of Montgomery, Ala., Mrs. Ada K. Fishback, of Paris, Ky., Mrs.J. O. McAllister, of Lexington, Ky., Mrs.Wyatt Montgomery, of Somerset,Ky., and Mrs. Margaret K. Wilhdite,of Moreland. They were in Danvilleon business and we apperciate theircall at this office. With their twobrothers, Messrs. J. Henry Kiiig andThomas King, of Moreland, theyhave enjoyed a family reunion thepast week, this being the first time'in many years all of them had beentogether at the same time. TheKing family at Moreland are amongthe best people in this section of theState and number their friends bythe hundreds."Women wage workers of -Italy aresaid to be better organized than inany other' country? . ""' 'WheUnftedStateav armyr-kas 12,-822 officers of all grades. " .Six games will be played at homeTnis year- Among tne teams matwill play here this year is tne bt.Xavier's School, of Louisville, onOctober 28 th. The boys are eagerfor school to open. Thirty boys theexpected to try for places on theteam.The playing season will open September 15th with Carlisle in Paris.ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have In stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy' from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.FOR SALE.An upright piano, in good condition. Call Cumb. Phone 1083.MRS. CLYDE KELLAR,818 High Street.(25-2t)DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALQUICKNOTICE!In order to furnish to the peopleof Paris milk of good quality andhygienically handled, it will be necessary, after September 1, 1922, tocharge the following prices, whichare fair and reasonable to the consumer and afford only a small profitto the producer:Per Quart - 15 centsPer Pint - - 8 centsJ. L. HORTON,R. H. PATTERSON,MRS. RUSSELL RITCHIE,MRS. WIliLilLMS,MR'S. WILSON,EARL LINVILLE,WM. McCANN,MRS. EDGAR SOUSLEY,CHARLES WHITE,STONED KELTiER,"MRS.' JULIAN FRANK,LENA JONES,WM. SAUER,MRS. W. M. COOPER,MRS. J. A. GILKEY,P. L. BURKE.(25-2t)PUBLIC SALEOFDESIRABLE COTTAGEFriday, September 1,AT 2:30 P. M.As agent for the owners, I will sellat public auction, the house and lotat No. i, Sixteenth street. This isa well builf, substantial house, ingood repair, conaining five rooms,pantry and bath. It is" well located,just off of Main street, and willmake a desirable home'. Terms,, onethird cash, one-third in six monthsand one-third in twelve months,deferred payments to bear six percent, interest or purchaser may payall in cash. This sale shall take effect as of September 1, and -purchaser must list property for taxationfor the ensuing year, but shall be(entitled to the rent from said date.JAMES M O'BRIEN, A&ent.LOST PINA Delta Delta Delta sorority soldcrescent pin, with three stars,whole pearl in each star. Suitablereward for return to THE NEWSoffice. (25-2t)WANTEDTwo girls to work September 1stto 9 th. Also one girl. Chance towork Saturdays when school starts.Must be; over lfr. Experience notnecessary. Apply toS. H. KRESS & CO.(25-2t)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEEarls toLexington7: 05 -a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.LexingtonTo Parii6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. a6:00 p. m!7:t p. m.9:10 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare. 60c: Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all pointa at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)CAHAL BROS.BAEBEE SE0P4 WHITE BAEBERS-42 JModern EquipmentExpert and Polite SexriceHOT AND COLD BATHSnPARIS, KYBtgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERStorn P. Kiser, PrtcMaatB. L. Wtftthtrs, Vice PresidentImo. W. Ttrkti. At CutterDm"Pfl,Jr.; BoaKXttftr...june 30, isnBRIGHTER.EVENINGSJust HistoryIn TO V 'The Colonial Dame ,Spun her cloth "By Candle flame.In 1860 j ;In Crinoline bright, ,She greeted her guests ' 'By Coal Oil light. , , 'And later on,How time does pass '-.Her home was fit ,By flickering Gts. vBut the girl of to-dayWho wants Jier home blight,Just presses a bnttomAnd has Electric light. j:iParis Gat & Electric Ce.FARMERSRADEflSAN""-,. -i-i4 -t 4-T'v.VX- ?,vK&4t$tT J."" j ., - ' -k-eMps -j- -r TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1922.THE BOURBON , NEWS, PARIg,., KENTUCKTPAGX THUSfc- &0I9&iTOWN PESTS1 'HIGH SCHOOL NOTESr The Free-Hand Talker hoWs forthEvery Night from the Softest Chairin the Hotel Lobby. Wherever aGroup of Men are Gathered, he Dominates the Conersation by Right ofthe Loudest Voice and he speaks Authoritatively on All Subjects. All heLacks is Ability; he's got the Confidence !TOBACCO GEOWEES TO ATTENDTOBACCO PAIR .Growing interest in the TobaccoFair, which will be a feature of theTri-State Fall Festival, October 22to November 4, at the Kenton Tobacco Warehouse, in Covington, hascaused the executive committee toannounce that ricli prizes will beawarded for the best samples of tobacco grown in Ohio, Kentucky andIndiana.Tobacco growers from these Stateshave been making inquiries concerning the coming fair, and theUnited States department of agriculture also has taken cognizance of itand will probably have an exhibit.Already many merchants have secured space for display of their exhibits.BHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Batha at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oNEW CONTRACTS ADDED BYLEAP POOLNew contracts to the number of595 were reported as having beenreceived the past week at the officeof the field service division of theBurley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation. Of this number165 were sent in by James N. Kehoe,of Maysville, and were secured byhim and .the county workers in theEastern Kentucky and Ohio districts. From the West Virginia field 185were turned in. In Bath countythat was signed practically solidlast year a short drive made by J.R. Crockett and other voluntaryworkers and 35 new members wereadded. Other counties that signeda good number were: Estill, 27;Taylor, 26; Barren, 18; Garrard,25; Franklin, 25; Switzerland, Indiana, 20.One of the troubles with the worldto-day is that there are too manyshow places and not enough workplaces.iwjd-7Aiauz.rmmmmmBmaimtm. wvEnds Yonr Liver TroublesMakes Life Worth LivingPor Sale ByBrooks & Snapp Drug Company,(till Sept. 12)872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed; Your tradeappreciated.The following is the assignmentof grade teachers for the ParisPublic Schools for the school termwhich opens en Tuesday morning,September 5:First Grade Mrs. Jessie Harris,Miss Blanche Lilleston, Miss MaryLayton.Second Grade Miss Sallie Whaley, Miss Lena Talbott, Miss SadieJohnstone.Third Grade Mrs. E. L. Stone,Miss Bessie Purnell, Mrs. MaudeBriggs.Fourth Grade Miss Julia ClarkMiss Maude Taylor, Miss ClaireBrannon.Fifth Grade Mrs. Ada K. Fishback, Miss Alma Rice.Sixth Grade Miss Anna Farrell,Miss Mary J. Ammerman.Miss Anna Powell Part TimeContinuation Teacher.' The faculty of the High Schoolwill be composed of the following:Prof. F. A. Scott, Principal;Prof. John Shaw, A. B., Science andMathematics; Prof. Roy I. Pepper,Mathematics and History; MissFrances Butler, A. M., Science; MissReba Lockhart, History and Economics; Miss Lucille Harbold, A. B.,Latin; Miss fcurelda Nolan, A. B.English; Miss Maude Asbury, B. S.,Home Economics, Sewing, Millineryand Designing; .Miss Irene Evans, B.S., Home Economics, Cooking, FoodStudy, Household Chemistry; MissNell Bobbins, A. B., Physical Education, First Aid, Physiology; MissMary Louise Lillard, A. B., Latinand English; Miss Nata Lee "Woodruff, A. B. French and Spanish; Mr.Horace Miller Clay, MechanicalDrawing and Manual Training; MissEllen Blanding, A. B., Public SchoolMusic, Chorus and Glee Club Work;Miss Longstaff, B. S., Bookkeeping,Shorthand, Typewriting; Miss IreneBramblett, A. B., Public Speaking;Mr. Clay Ward, Director of Athletics.for Boys.Registration of students has beenkoing on for several days, and willcontinue through part of this week.Junior and Senior students finishedtheir registration Monday, andFreshmen will complete their registration to-day, August 29. All students in these respective classes arerequested to report on the abovedates.Tuesday morning, September 5,the schools will begin a part oftheir work. All children in theFirst and Second Grades will startto school Tuesday September 5;Third and Fourth Grades, Wednesday, September 6; Fifth and SixthGrades, Thursday, September 7;Seventh and Eighth Grades, Friday,September 8. Freshman studentswill start their class work Monday,September 11; Sophomores, Tuesday,September 12, Juniors, Wednesday,September 13, Seniors, Thursday,September 14.All students from outside of thecity who attend the Paris CitySchools this year will be required topresent a receipt for their tuitionbefore being enrolled in any class.Parents are urged to come to theschool, and enroll their children,and pay their tuition before theopening of school.The cafeteria at the City School isbeing re-furnished and will be oneof the most attractive school lunchrooms in the State when the fall session opens. Mrs. Batterton willagain be in charge of this work, acting for the Health and WelfareLeague, who have for many yearsbeen the promotors of ' thfe schoollunches in the City School.The High School has been reorganized, and put on the same working basis of the large City HighSchools in the South. Seven different courses of study are open to, thestudents, from which they canchoose their work, namely, classical,Modern Language, Scientific, PreEngineering, Agriculture, HomeEconomics and CommercialThe class schedule will be so arranged that every High School student will finish his recitation workat 2:30 in the afternoon, and theseventh period will be a study period throughout the High School.This plan has been adopted for thebenefit of athletic practice.. Students can now be excused for practice on the athletic field without interfering with the last afternoonclass.The prospects are now that theschools of Paris are at the beginning of a great year. With a Seniorclassy of sixty, a High School enrollment of perhaps 400, a HighSchool Lyceum corus of ten numbers, the best athletic schedule theschool has ever had, the largestfaculty in the history of the school,and an unusual amount of interestand enthusiasm there seems to bepresent a feeling of real progress inthe school life of the community.. oPERSONALSJ -TJ- -T--BMEETING OF KENTUCKY CONFERENCE AT HASRODSBTJBGMa SJVTAUJL & STONESTATE BANKERS ELECT NEWOFEJCERS nThe Kentucky "Bankers' 'Association, at the closing session ol itsconvention at Lebanon, elected mefollowing officers:Owen D. Thomas, Lebanon, president; H. G. Smith, Louisville, secretary; A. B. Renaker, Burlington,treasurer; F. B. Calvert, CorDm,vice-president of National Banksection; S. W. Clements, Uhiontiwn,vice-president of State bank section.An executive committee wasnamed composed of Dow Wilcox,Paducah; A. L. Rose, Mayfield, andA.T. Wfcitt, Winchester.Miss Anna Clay has returnedfrom a visit to" friends in Winchester. Miss Elizabeth Stewart is visiting friends and relatives in Louisville. Mrs. Jack Cohen, of Paris, isvisiting Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Holt, inLouisville.Mrs. Wm. H. Renick is visitingher daugh,ter-in-IajK, 'Mrs. ScottRenick, in Winchester.Robert White has as guest athis home near Paris Nicholas Winn,of Alabama, formerly of Paris.Miss Florence Fee, of Washington, D. C, is a guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs: A. J. Fee, on Fifthstreet.Miss Irene Smith has returnedto her home in Cynthiana after avisit to Miss Rebecca Purnell, onPleasant street.Mrs. Deweese Ecton, of Minneapolis, Minn., is a guest at the homeof her sister, Mrs. John T. Hedges,on Higgins avenue.Mr. and Mrs. T. V. Blakely, ofArmstrdng, Mo., are guests of Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Markland, at theirhome on Eighth street.Robert and Hughes Ellis, ofShelbyville, spent the week-end inParis as guests of their uncle, Rev.W. E. Ellis, and Mrs. Ellis.Mrs: John Scott, of HamiltonCollege, Lexington, spent the weekend in Paris as guest of her sister,Mrs. David Wilson, at their home onHouston avenue.Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrick and children, Mary Morton and Lee Kirkpatrick, Jr., have returned from avisit to her sister, Mrs. Bond, inLawrenceburg.Mis. Lon Haley has returned toher home in Wilcox, Arizona, aftera visit of several weeks to her sister,Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald, and her father, Samuel B. Ewalt. xMr. and Mrs. S. S. Ardery, Jr.,daughter, Mary Carolyn, have returned from a month's visit withMrs. Ardery's parents, Mr. and Mrs.E. M. Baird, at South Charleston, CWinchester Sun: "Mr. Coleman Renick and Miss Armstrong, ofParis, who are with a camping partyat Boonesboro, were visitors of Mr.and Mrs. Phelps Renick, Wednesday.' John M. Stuart and RichardThomas left yesterday for Glasgow,as delegates from Bourbon Post,American Legion, to the State meeting of the Aemrican Legoin, whichis in session there. ,Mr. and Mrs. Clay Sutherlandtwo children, Jaufe Clay and Edward Hutchcraft Sutherland, ofParis, were recent guests of Mrs.Sutherland's father, Clayton Strode,and family, in Winchester.--Mrs. James H. Thompson entertained Friday afternoon at her country home, on the Lexington road,near Paris, in honor of Mrs. ArthurB. Hancock, who will leave Sundayfor an extended stay in England.Miss Mildred Galloway, who recently returned from an extendedvisit with friends in Franklin andCincinnati, left yesterday for Rome,Ga., where she will take a positionin one of the leading millinery establishments. Mrs. A. W. Bourne has returnedfrom Parksville, where she was called by the death of her aunt, Mrs.Mollie Langford, who has been aninvalid for several years. Thefuneral and ' burial took place atLebanon.Danville Messenger: "Miss Elizabeth Crutcher, of Paris, an honored alumna of Kentucky College forWomen, who has been in a Campdown on Dix River, spent a day ortwo with Dr. and Mrs. Frank J.Cheek enroute home."Miss Nell Winn Hinton, daughter of Mrs. C. 0. Hinton, had asguests for the week-end at the homeof her grandparents, Mr. and .Mrs.James McClure, on Vine street,Misses Polly Roberts, of Frankfort,and Julia Winn, of Alabama.Rev. Father William O'Hare,postor of the Church of The Annunciation, has returned from a tendays' visit to relatives in Wheeling,West Va. He was accompaniedaccompanied home by his sister,Miss Elizabeth O'Hare, for an extended visit.The "attendance from Bourboncounty at the Blue Grass Fair lastweek was larger than in previousyears. Hundreds visited the Faireach day, remaining over for thefireworks display at night. One ofthe principal attractions was the excellent music by the Al Sweet Band,which delighted everyone.Charles Chappell, of Baltimore,has returned to his home, after a visit to his mother Mrs. AnnaChappell, in this city. Mr. Chappell,who is connected with the DaltonAdding Machine Company, has beentransferred from the Baltimoreoffice to the Boston ofllce, which isin the nature of a promotion.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Spearsentertained with a theatre party atthe Grand for their daughter, MissMary Spears, and Miss Nell WinnHinton and her house 'guests. Thosewho enjoyed the evening's entertainment were: Misses Mary Spears,Nell Winn Hinton, Polly .Roberts(Frankfort), Julia Winn (Alabama), Elizabeth Finnell (Winchester), Eleanor Swango, Louise Dailey.The party, with the addition ofMisses Elizabethand Frances' Greer,were entertained by Mlse Hinton atthe home of her grandparents, Mr.and Mrs. James McClure, on "Vinestreet.(0w XtaQNOiaENGljAll Bourbon county ministers ofthe Methodist church, .as well asmany laymen, will go to Harrodsburg, on September 30, to attendthe one hundred and second annualKentucky Conference, which will bein session there up to and includingSeptember 4. Bishop U. V. W. Darlington, a native Kentuckian, andfor some time a member of the conference, will preside.This annual Conference is an occasion of the greatest interest to allmembers and friends of the Methodist church. The attendance islarge, usually several hundred.From present indications a' ratherlarge number of ministers will bemoved to other charges. Some maybe transferred to other Conferences,and a few may come from otherConferences to this one. The Kentucky Conference takes in all orpart of fifty-nine counties of theState, lying east of Louisville andwest of the Big Sandy. In thisuonierence there are 132 pastoral 'charges, divided into five districts.The Presiding Elder for this districtis Rev. F. B. Jones, who resides inParis. The Presiding Elders as anadvisory committee, assist the Bishops in fixing the appointments ofthe preachers for the coming year.This being the first Conferencesession since the meeting of theGeneral Conference, all boards andcommittees for the next four yearsmust be made up. The Centenary,the Christian Education Movementand the Superannuated EndowmentFund will claim attention. i?FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE1BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISSHOLLADAYLET'S GO TO THE PICNICSThe old fashioned farmer had notmuch use for days off for sports andpicnics. One fauch man objected onpicnic day to taking both of hisboys. He. wanted one of them to remain at home and ' look after thechores. "Your brother will tell youall about it when hethegets home,"disappointedwas his reply toyoungster.They are not so common now, butsome old timers are still reluctantto give their young folks their fairshare of the fun of country life. Ifyou are going to keep your youngcrowd contented you must give thema fair chance to join in the fun going on in Paris and Bourbon county.Notice of Election of the Burley TobaccoGrowers- Co-Operative AssociationTO OUR MEMBERS:The annual election for delegates who will choose district directors of the Burley tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation will be held between the hours of eight o'clockin the morning and four o'clock in the afternoon,SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1922.Each member of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation is entitled to one vote by ballot for such delegate.Candidates for delegates will be nominated in mass meetings to be held in the court houses of all counties in the Burley district onSATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1922at 2 o'clock p. m. Twice as many "candidates as the countymay elect as delegates are to be nominated and each countyis entitled to one delegate for each million pounds or majority fraction of a million pounds of tobacco of the 1921 cropdelivered to the Association. In counties in which theamount delivered to the Association falls below a millionpounds such county shall elect one delegate, who shall havesuch fraction of a vote as the amount of tobacco of the 1921crop delivered to the Association may be to a million pounds.Growers who may not be able to attend the electionSeptember 16, may vote by mail or send their ballots to theelection officers and such ballots so voted must reach the election officers between the hours of 8 a. m. and 4 p. m., September 16th. If sent after 4 o'clock on the day of the electionthey cannot be counted in the result.Delegates elected in the various counties will meet Monday, September 18, 1922, at the court houses in that countyof each district which delivered the largest amount of tobaccoto the Association of the crop of 1921, and will there organizeby the election of chairman and "secretary and proceed to electa director for said district to serve for the ensuing year.Every member of the Association is urged to attend themass meeting in his county' September 16, at which delegateswill be chosen.By order of the Board of Directors of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Association.JAMES C. STONE,President and General Manager.H. LEE EARLY,Secretary and Treasurer.(aug25-29) tEagemig1ffi'f4pl"lJ&"NiisAINTIf ROT were as visibleas FIRE you'd paintyour barn today!IF you could actually see how surely your outbuildings were beingdestroyed bythe action of the elements, you'd be convinced that theway to save money is to use goodpaint, and use it now !The saving can be effected by theapplication of Devoe Barn Paint.Into the manufacture of this productgoes only those basic materials inproportions that years of experiencehave proven to be the bestDevoe Products are time-tested andproven, backed by 168 years' experienceof the oldest paint manufacturingconcern in the U. S. Founded 1754.The Jv T. Hinton Co.ttfxotuscFARj:THE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1.I0 of loan pay both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS , NONRENEWALSAtk Peaplee Deposit Bank &TruitCo., Paris, f NacthMiddletown Dapoait Bank,North MM41twn. A .KentiickyJointStbckLaiHlBtiikSecurity Tmat Bid. Laatettas, Ky.JTv''.!-XLif1!)hIyVX&-?-fno IA IN IS IiMMMtaMiA- V V",, T - S 31 PAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS" ARI$F KENTUCKY-- w.-- TUESDAY, ATJGUST2V 1U1.TFOUNDEmblem pin, Society of ColonialDames, engraved on back, "Mrs. C.tW. N., 912 Md. Mo." Owner canobtain same by calling at this office,proving property and paying advertising charges. (It)TO THE PUBLIC.I am prepared to fill orders oncakes, croquettes, salt rising bread,brown bread, potato chips, individual pies, etc., at prices that will justify patronage.LYDIA MACK,- - - - - - S55Washington St.Home Phone 492.BANNER VALUES,U THE EAIPjt-. liiiu mmStarting off Friday, September 1,and Saturday, September 2, Monday,September 4, Labor Day, and Courtand continuing the entire week.We are starting September off withsome new record breaking bargains.We have some cracking big dealsto get them down to these low prices. Here they are:Hammer Handles, 2 for 5c; Aluminum Salt and Pepper Stands, 2for 5c; Slim Taper Files, 3 for 5c;Table Oil Cloth, 19c yard; GreyGranite Cooking or Preserving Kettles, 10-qt. size, 39c; Plain WhiteCups and Saucers; Vegetable Bowls,Salad Bowls, Meat Dishes, CoveredDishes.Counters and shelves are loadeddown with new, fresh merchandise,all plainly price-marked and youwill always find here the best selling goods at moderate prices and receive more real value for your dollarhere than elsewhere.RELIGIOUS: The revival meeting at the Oxford Christian church, in Scottcounty, conducted by Rev. Frank M.Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church, continueswith large attendance. The meeting has been in progress six dayswith an addition of ten members tothe congregation.TO-DAY IS A GOOD TIMETo select your fall hat. It's easyto choose one from our stock.fc J. W. DAVIS & CO.THE FAIRSAVE YOUR EARNINGS NOW; ITWILL PAY YOU TO DO SO.The best way to save your earnings is with a building and loan association. A better association thanthe Peoples Building and Loan Association, Inc., is hard to find.Office: Peoples Deposit Bank andTrust Company.G. W. WILDER, President." F.' W. GALLOWAY, Secy.Administrator's NoticeAll nersons having claims againstthe estate of Edward Mitchell, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administrator, at Millersburg, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said Edward Mitchell, are here-Iby notified to call on the undersigned administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness. RUSSELL MITCHELL,Administrator of Edward Mitchell.(aug29-3wks)iBOOSTER TRIP ITINERARYAUGUST 30, 1922" Arrive LeaveParis .. - 7:30 a.m.Hutchison 8:00 a.m. 8:15 a.m.Clintonville 8:45 a.m. 9:00 a.m.N. Middletown. . . 9 :45 a.m. 10 :30 a.m.Little Rock 11:00 a.m. 11:15 a.m.Millersburg 12:15 p.m. 2:00 p.m.Ruddles Mills 2:30 p.m. 2:45 p.m.Shawhan 3:00 p.m. 3:15 p.m.Jacksonville 3:45 p.m. 4:00 p.m.Centerville 4:15p.m. 4:30p.m.Paris 5:00p.m.Lunch, in Millersburg, 12:30 P. M.Due allowance lias been made in thisschedule for all delays.' JCOURT NEWSIn the County Court yesterdayRussell Mitchell, of Millersburg,was appointed as administrator ' ofthe estate of his brother, EdwardMitchell,' who died suddenly nearParis about a week ago. Mr. Mitchell accepted the trust and qualifiedby furnishing bond in the sum of$1,500, with his brothers, Frank andMorton Mitchell, as sureties.Sheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriff James Gibson, swoopeddown on a crap game in progressnear the Maysville railroad bridgeover Stoner Creek Sunday afternoonand arrested twelve participants,white and colored. In the CountyCourt yesterday morning they werefined $20 and costs each. One negro, charged with setting up andoperating the game, was fined $50and cbsts One of the witnesses intestifying, said: "I was down onmy knees praying for dem dice tocome seven and I looked up and Mr.Collier come, but dem dice didn'tcome, though."Y. M. C. A. NOTESMiss Frances Steenbergen won thegirls' swimming match at the Y. M.C. A. Friday afternoon, scoringtwenty-eight points. Miss VivianWallingford was second with twenty-sixpoints. The result of theother events were as follows:Demonstration, side over arm,Frances Steenbergen, first, VivianWallingford, second; Side stroke,Edna Earl Rummans, first, FrancesSteenbergen, second; Breast stroke,Edna Rose, first, Frances Steenbergen, second; Crawl, Vivian Wallingford, first, Frances Steenbergen, second; Over-arm, Vivian Wallingford,first, Frances Steenbergen, second;Plain diving, Katherine Wallingford, first, Frances Steenbergen,second; Fancy diving, FrancesSteenbergen, first, Vivian Wallingford, second; Junior race', ClaraMartin, first, Estelle Collins, second;Candle race, Vivian Wallingford,first, Edna Rose, second; Endurancerace, Vivian Wallingford, first.Frances Steenbergen, second.The judges in the various contests were Misses Elizabeth Crutcher, Stella Spicer and Emily Fithian.BOY SCOUTS LEAVE TOR B00NES-BOROIn charge of Scoutmaster F. A.Scott, with Owen L. Davis and JohnM. Brennan as assistants, TroopsNos. 1 and 2, Boy Scouts, of Paris,left yesterday in autos for Boonesboro, where they will remain untilFriday.The Scouts, in full uniform, andwith equipment necessary for a fourdays' stay in camp, assembled atthe Y. M. C. A. building, where, a"fter receiving instructions, they embarked in autos for the camp. EachScout was equipped with blanketroll, provisions, utensils and otherparaphernalia. The Scouts will becomfortably situated in camp andwell cared for during their fourdays' stay. fBIRTHSS:z"THE BANK OF SERVICE"BANK ITThat dollar in your hand may be thefather of your fortune and its children may be working for you whenyou have to stop.The easy spender may be a "goodfellow," but he is a foolish man andeverybody knows it.Somehow we all respect the man -..who has "money in the bank." ,Your pass book is ready.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Cockrell,of Lexington, announce the birth ofa daughter at their home on August 20. The young lady has beenchristened Martha Gayle Cockrell.Mrs. Gockrell was before her marriage Miss Margaret Roberts, ofParis.HEALTH BOARD NOTICEBourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00. SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITSPARIS, KY., AUG. 25.THE ABOVE BOARD HAS DECLARED WEEDS A NUISANCEAND DETRIMENTAL TO HEALTHESPECIALLY DURING THE LATESUMMER AND FALL, AND MUSTBE CUT. OWNERS MUST ftUP.vTHIS NOTICE OR FACE COURTACTION. FAILURE UPON TOTTRPART WILL BE FOLLOWED INTEN DAYS PROM THE ABOW.DATE BY WARRANT.A. H. KELLER, CITY HEALTHOFFICER.(25-2t)BOURBON STOCK WINNERSAt the Shelby County Fair lastweek, in Shelbyville the $1,000 saddle stake for five-gaited stallions,geldings or mares, any age, was wonby A. G. Jones & Son, of North Middletown, this county, with EmilyMcCreay, a four-year-old bav mareby Bourbon King. They also secured third "nriZe IT! TlO coma rira -rrrUl, IHeatherbloom, five-year-old mare. Ialso by Bourbon King. There weretwelve entries and J. Miller Ward,of Paris, the judge, declared it was 'the best ring ever seen on thnqe. Igrounds, and equal to the best Inmany years.At the Blue Grass Fair in Lexington, two lambs from the exhibit ofClarence Wright, of Paris, won firstand second premiums. Mr. Wrightalso won first prize for the best pairof lambs of either sex. and fi&t.and third prize t on ewe lambs. Turney Collins won several prizes onhis show of high-bred v Cheviotsheep. ' 4o fWELL DRILLER JMen's and Young Mean'sStylish Clothes for Fall$1800 to $55-00Vt f&. f i if 1K..ife ' - W-3?,1 ,'Arriving Dailyare the new Fall Clothes from thehouses of Hart Schaffner C& Marxand Kirschbaum.Clothes from these houses are designedand made by master tailors styles tosuit the taste of the most carefuldresser.Young men will like the fancy-backmodels we are showing. Checks,plaids and stripes are to be found innewest color combinations.Values that can't be beat anywhereis the one outstanding feature in ourclothes.r-wvCopyright, 1922, A. B. Kirschbaum CompanyKnox and Crofutt & Knapp HatsCast aside your sunburned straw come in and ''top yourself ' in one of our new FallHats. We're proud of these hats, as they are the snappiest we have ever shown brim fullofpep and style. We'll bank on the values and service they'll give.$5.00 to $7.00Other Good Lines in Newest Styles $3.00 and $4.00R. P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris, Ky.Home Phone 448 Cumb. Phone S06As aBuilding AssociationWe Court InvestigationThis Institution is Inspected By the State BankingDepartmentfCome and Try Us!- , Men, Women (married or single) and Childrencan carry shares in their own names. Teach-the young to save and THRIFT will become ahabit with them.ALL TAXES ON MONEY ACCUMULATEDARE PAID BY THE ASSOCIATIONBegin Saving in Our New Series,which Opens Saturday, Sept. 2ndBourbon Building & LoanAssociationOFFICE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDINGH. A. POWER, President JAS. McCLURE, SR., TreasurerIWILL S. ARNSPARGER, SecretaryvW.SmmMtillts, Hj. PhoM 1.0, , 13 (tfj3BEBBf I-?.14j. in"""crN- .r&5tfujg- -rJSfeHWi-vVJU!fcClgife?if'TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1922.-ra83. THE lWtJRBON NWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYHiPAG1FIY1v J-VAA"GIFTS THAT LAST"AN UNUSUAL HAT DISPLAYIs in our windows to-day. Itshows you what's what in hats forfall.J. "W. DAVIS & CO.oSALE OF EDIBLESThe Friendship Class' of the ParisMethodist church will hold a sale ofedibles in the offices of the ParisRealty Company, on Saturday, September 2. The patronage of the public is solicited.PUBLIC SALE OF DESIRABLECOTTAGEDesirable cottage of five rooms,pantry and bath, at 16 Sixteenthstreet, will be sold a.t public auction, Friday, Sept. 1, at 2:30 p. m.Well located in fine neighborhood.Come to the sale and buy a nicehome.-o-INTEEESTING COTTON DISPLAYIN LEADER WINDOWAn interesting window is displayed at The Leader store, showingshowing some very fine specimensof cotton plants raised in Georgia.The plants have fully developedbolls with cotton and shows themany stages of cotton to the finished product. Miniature bales of cotton and pictures depicting the picking of cotton are a feature of thedisplay . , i - - (r"icfci o- BECOME A SAVER NOWBy buying shares in the old relible Bourbon Building and Loan Association. New series opens Saturday, September 2.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.. oCANTELOUPES, CANTELOUPES50c to 1.00 per dozen for RockyFord and 10c to 25c each for TipTop canteloupes.C. P. COOK & CO.SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSONSThrough an oversight at the shipping and supply department at Cincinnati the International SundaySchool Lesson column, suppliedweekly to THE NEWS, did not arrive in time for Friday issue.Arrangements have been made inCincinnati for prompt and reliableshipments of these lessons, so thatTeaders of THE NEWS may be assured of having the Internationallesson in each Friday issue, as atfirst arranged. It will appear ineach Friday on page two. Look forit.THE COMMUNITY PICNICThe first Monday in September ofevery year is set apart as Labor Day,on which every person who worksfor a living, and that of his dependents, is supposed to relax for oneday and spend it in wholesome andas the logical selection for president.Labor Day, Monday, September 4,the Community Picnic to be held inthe beautiful woodland of ForestLetton, on the Lexington road, nearParis, is going to provide opportunity for a day of genuine enjoyment.The famous Maysville CardinalsBand, an outstanding feature for theday. Let's go! Keep the date inmind.INVEST YOUR SAVINGS NOW ANDEARN HIGH INTERESTBy investing your savings withthe Peoples Building and Loan Association, Inc., you can earn a highrate of interest on your investmentand you help some worthy person tobecome a home owner and a betteropen. JoinOG,dCK.. ETAOIN NNcitizen. A new series is alwaysopen. Join now.G. W. WILDER, President.F. W. GALLOWAY, Secy.SOAP, LARD AND CANSTin Cans, per dozen 45c5 lbs Best Lard 85cP. & G. Soap 5c10c Toilet Soap 5cFARMERS SUPPLY CO.AUTOS COLLIDE IN EAST PARISSUNDAYIn a collision which occurred inEast Paris Sunday afternoon two automobiles, one belonging to AlbertHinton, the other to Lee Roe, ofEast Paris, were badly damaged.The collision occurred at a pointnear a sharo 'curve in Main street.Mr. and Mrs. Hinton, and the latter's mother, Mrs. Peed, were in theHinton car, going east, when thecar said to have been driven by Roe,approached from the other direction, it being alleged that he wasdriving on the wrong side of theroad. In attempting to change tothe other side Roe's car swerved directlv in front of Mr. Hinton's jcar,which struck it broadside. Bothcars were badly damaged, but theoccupants escaped injury. The cars"were aeat to a local garage 'for re-yajrt, ,PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonEnow and Others YonDon't.! Miss Agnes Mclntyre, of Carrollcounty, is visiting Mrs. Ollie Swimm!and other relatives in this city andcounty.Miss Irene Gantley, of Maysville, is a guest of Miss Helen Cain,at her home on Higgins avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Charles N. Fithian'have returned from a visit to thelatter's brother, John McClintock,in Ashland.Miss Edith Burris has returnedfrom St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, where she has been a patientfor the past ten days.M. O. Biddle, of Paris, attendedthe annual convention of employesof the Rawleigh Company, held Friday in the Y. W. C. A. building atLexington.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, delivered an address at the Mt. Carmel church, in Nicholas county, Sunday, on the subject of organized Bible Class work.Miss Elizabeth Finnell, of Louisville, and Mr. Ben Perry Davis, ofCovington, have returned to their'homes after a visit to Miss EleanorSwango, at her home on Pleasantstreet.Wm. Cramer, of Bedford Indiana, and mother, of Huntington, W.Va., were enroute through Parislast week to Huntington, stoppingover night with B. F. Goodman, hisold baseball friend at 614 Fergusonstreet.Prof, and Mrs. Anderson D.Owens have returned from theirwedding trip. They will be at thehome of the bride's parents, Mr. andMrs. J. Hooker Stivers, on Cypressstreet, for about a week before going to Springfield, where Prof. Owens will be located as superintendentof schools this year.Mrs. Joseph M. Hall has sentout invitations for Wednesday, tomeet Mrs. James William Wallerand Mrs. Charles Hall Ferguson,worded as follows:"Mrs. Joseph M. Hallrequests the pleasure of yourcompanyon Wednesday, August thethirtiethto meetMrs. James Miller WallerMrs. Charles Hall Ferguson"124 Duncan Avenue Please Reply"Charlton Clay and Miss Elizabeth Steele, of Paris, were amongthe guests at a pretty dinner givenSaturday night at the LexingtonCountry Club by Mr. and Mrs. JohnGourlay, in compliment to theirguests, Mrs. Mason Houghland andMrs. Henry Hines of Bowling Green.George Shears and wife, Mr.Mullholland, and wife, were touring through the Blue Grass lastweek. Mr. Shears, former BlueGrass League pitcher for the Paris1911 pennant winners, is now located at Huntingsburg, Indiana.He and his wife are both chiropractors. Mr. Shears stopped over afew hours here to see B. F. Goodman, his old baseball friend andothers.Miss Frances Hancock, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hancock,of Paris, is visiting relatives inBessemer, Alabama. At the conclusion of her visit she will go to Indianapolis, where she has beentransferred as Girls' Reserve Secretary of the Young Womans' Christian Association. Miss Hancock hasfor the past two years been stationed in a cimilar capacity at St. Louis,Mo. ;,.,,- . .- Miss Soule Davis, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. M. H. H. Davis, ofParis, entertained Friday eveningat the Lafayette Hotel, in Lexington, with a dinner party in honor'of her house guests, Misses HelenMorton Hall, of Madisonville, andKathryn Hayes, of Los Angeles,California, former schoolmate atthe University of Southern California. The party motored to Lexington, and the guests included MissDavis, the honor guests, Misses Halland Hayes; Messrs. I. G. Galloway,'C. L. Galloway, of Los Angeles, Cali.,and Lawrence Hall, of Madisonville,Ky.Miss Anita Crommerlin, whohas been with her brother, GerardCrommerlin, at the Xalapa Farm forthe past year, will leave this weekfor her home in Rotterdam, Holland.Miss Crommerlin was the guest ofhonor Saturday at a beautifulluncheon given at the CountryClub near Lexington by Miss Elizabeth Steele and Mrs. James McClure, of Paris. The tables werearanged on the enclosed porch, eachbeing decorated with a basket ofroses and delphinia. The favorswere dainty candy corsages. Themenu was' served in several courses.The guests were: Miss Crommerlin; Miss Pauline Purcell, Mrs.Stanhope Wiedemann, of Lexington; Mrs. Miller Ward, Mrs. JamesH. Thompson, Mrs. James Metcalfe,.Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock, Mrs. Jos.M. Hall, Mrs. Oscar Hinson, Mrs.John Yerkes, Mrs. Ben Buckner,Mrs. Durand Whipple, Mrs. JohnDavis, Mrs Brink Minertz, Mrs.White Varden, Mrs. James McClure,Mrs. Harvey Rogers, Mrs. Henry'"Judy, Mrs. James W. Thompson, allof Paris; Miss" Josephine Chenualt,of Richmond; Mrs. John Gourlay,of Lexington; Mrs. Masom Hough-'land and Mrs. Henry Hines, ofBowling Green.Mrs. F. S. Elder has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E. V.Elder, in Richmond.Lessie Cummins, of New YorkCity, is a guest of his mother, Mrs.Fannie Cummins, in this city.Mrs. E. W. Carson has returned to her home in Richmond after avisit to relatives and friends in thiscity.Mrs. Isaac L. Price has returned from a ten-days' visit to herdaughter, Mrs. C. A. Teller, in Louisville. , Mr. and Mrs. Hughes, of Livingston, are guests at the home ofMr. and Mrs. J B. Hayes, on SouthMain street.Mrs. Charles Higgins who is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital continues to show marked improvement. Mr. and Mrs. Rex Parker, andtwo children, have returned from avisit to the former's parents, nearGeorgetown.Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Christmanhave returned to their home inHarrodsburg after a visit to relatives in Paris.Mrs. Robert Hughes and daughter, Miss Hattie Hughes, have returned from a visit to relatives inLee county.Mrs. W. N. Jurey has returnedto her home in Roanoke, Va., after avisit to her brothers, J. Simms andDavid Wilson, in this city.Misses Bessie Boyd, of Washington, D. C, and Ellen Boyd, ofVirginia, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Elmer Boardman, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Crittenden Pepper and Miss Nancy Pepper, of Pariswere guests last Sunday at a dinnergiven in Lancaster by Mrs. A. H.Bastin, in honor of her birthdayanniversary.Wallace Clark will arrive at anearly date from Shanghai, China, ona business mission for the AmericanTobacco Company. Mr. Clark hasbeen in the Far East for severalyears as representative for the company. Mr. and Mrs. Charles G. Holliman and little daughter, Alice Frances, have returned to their home inDetroit, Mich., after an extendedvisit to Mrs. Holliman's mother, Mrs.Alice Snapp, and family, on Lilieston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Weatherall, who have been residing in Detroit, Mich., for several years, havereturned to Paris, and will be withMr. Weatherall's father, J. F.Weatherall, on his Cane Ridgefarm, for the present.Miss Willa Orr, of Paris, is inLouisville, where she will be a member of a house party being entertained by Mrs. Mina McDermott.She will be absent about a week.She was accompanied by her niece,Miss Jessie Elizabeth Orr.Mr. Milton Goodwin, of Lebanon, paid Paris friends a brief visitFriday afternoon. Mr. Goodwin isa son of T. H. Goodwin, who waslocated at Paris several years ago,"but now manager of the Home Telephone Company at Lebanon.W. Fred Thomas, of the Murray& Thomas Monument Co., and family, are making an auto tour of theNew England States during theirvacation, visiting New York andBoston. They will also visit atGreen Mountain, in Vermont. ,Harry Jones, John C. Clay, andJohn Ardery, of Paris, and RobertShea and Thomas Conway, of Lexington, left yesterday for a motortrip to Washington, Philadelphia,Atlantic City and other Easternpoints. They will be gone abouttwo weeks.Mr. and Mrs. Edward J. Campbell, of Baltimore, Md., were gueststhe past week of the former's sisters, Mrs. Charles P. Mann and Mrs.Pearl Deaver. Mr. Campbell is anative of Carlisle, this being his firstvisit to Kentucky in sixteen years.' Hazard Leader: "Mr. and Mrs.William Senters and daughter, Betty Lysle, returned home Thursdayfrom Paris. They were accompanied by Mrs. Senters' brother, CaptainLysle Mrs. M. E. Mitchell 'returned to her home in Paris, after aten-days visit with Robert Blountand wife, of this city."Charlton Clay was host at hiscounty home, "Marchmont," on theWinchester road Friday night, incompliment to Mrs. J. Mason Houghland and Mrs. Henry Hines, ofBowling Green, guests of Mr. andMrs. John Gourlay, of Lexington.Covers were laid for Mr. Clay, Mrs.Hines, Mrs. Houghland, Mr. andMrs. John Gourley, Miss ElizabethSteele and Rodes Arnspiger.(Other Personals on Page 3)Lest You ForgetWe MentionWhen ont shopping we have extra values at extra low prices, onladies' and Misses' Snits, Coats,Skirts, Sweaters, Blouses, Dresses,Millinery and Oxfords and StrapSlippers, Dry Goods, Silks, Etc.,Corsets, Hosiery, Underwear, Etc.Remember to Call at theThat Saves You Money.StoreTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh7 and Main Streets. ' - PARIS. KY.PRESCHOOL DAYSALE!ITLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentEverything for Men and Boys619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.p.T-We also call your attention to thebest spring madeUhefEither ofTHE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseI M T"Boys' Suits$15.00 Values.! $9.95$12.50 Values $8.95$10.00 Values $7.45$ 8.00 Values 1...V $6.45$ 6.50 Values $4.95Boys' Waists, Shoes, Hose and ExtraTrousers at reduced prices. Get hisneeds now.You, housekeepers, know that manybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofitfocmtBed Springssuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dustand lint.And such sleeping comfort! You!just naturally relax and drop ofBinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of thesesprings has just reached usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.-OepyrishUd Shannon Bed Spring Co.. Inc.. LonJarfflo. Ky.mmmBKmiljastercraft"these springs sent on30 days trialT. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid Coachib.NiSIXTH AND MAIUndertakingfZJAWvmmmwk,Ife v$wm. 1 V15VI'" ij-1Bt'JlrtiNiMI'M - . ;.g m, WE- i,-Js..Ffffit A1-THE BOURBQtf EWS, PARIS,- KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST 29, lm. i3EF.HE1DS SUTFEi AS BEOIJTHr CUTigftiMSSIAJ Uf HHundreds of purebred beef breeding cattle herds in Kentucky areapt to suffer expensive losses in.weight during the present drouthexisting throughout the State, unites extra feeds are supplied to supplement the failing pastures inmany sections, according to E. S.Good, head of the animal husbandrydepartment of the College of Agri. culture and a well-known authorityon beef cattle. Losses in weight atthis time of the year are difficult toregain later in the season. TheBleek appearance which is a desirable condition, in the breeding herdalso is marred when the animals init lose weight, he pointed out."Silage has been found to be oneICE GSEAH KEN PETTTIOHHEALTH B0ABIT ""Acting on a petition of ice creammanufacturers of Kentucky, theBureau of Foods, Drugs and Hotelsof the State Board of Health willhold a hearing in Louisville earlyin September to decide whethermanufacturers of ice cream shall bepermitted to reduce the percentageof butter fat from 10 per cent inplain cream and 8 per cent in fruitcream to 8 and 6 per cent respectively, it was announced , by MissSarah H. Vance, director of" the Bureau. The manufacturers who have requested that this change in the regulations be made, Miss Vance says,give as their reasons for it the factthat every State surrounding Ken-of the best feeds to tide cattle over.tucky has the lower percentage re-during a period of drouth such as is quirement and that the lower standbeing experienced in the State atjard invariably results in an increas-the present time. Cows that are ed sale of dairy products,nursing calves should be given grain 1 Before the State Board of Healthin addition to silage, five or six ' takes any action in the matter, howpounds a day being sufficient. Cows ' ever, Miss" Vance added, it desireswithout calves can get along with! to know what other persons intersilage alone. jested wish, and for this reason"If no silage is available, hay may , dealers who handle ice cream andbe used in its place, in which case members of the general public thatthe grain feed should be increased 'use it are invited to communicateto 10 pounds a day for x each cow their views to the Bureau of Foods,that is nursing a calf. However, j Drus and Hotels before Sept. 5.cows that are not nursing calves 1ZZZmay be maintained on the hay DOLLAE WHEAT AND THE EMERalone. GENCY TARIFFJbxperuuura uu ute cuiieS wiui It nas not beerf many yearg ginceindicate that owners of purebred Warren g. Harding expressed thebreeding cattle herds should find opinion that farmers could obtainthis methods of feeding a profitable prosperity by raising dollar wheat,one.' Breeding cattle in the college It is the irony of fate that on Au-herd have been given supplementary gust 15, in the second year of Pres-leeds since the drouth started and ident Harding's administration,this method of herd management wheat sold as low as a dollar awill be continued until the pastures uhe1' and touched the low price ofare revived with fall rains. Pre- 99 cents ree ? ag0 agrm;, . , i4, , , ers were receiving $3.35 and $3.50venting shrinks m cattle by supple- a busnel for wneatmenting the short pastures should The Emergency Tariff bill put a. prove economical on every beef auty 0n wheat for the purpose of rebreeding farm. storing the slump in prices, but"If silage is fed during the sum- wheat declined, and although themer, it should be lowered from tariff on wheat is still enforced itfour to six six inches in the pit dropped to $1 a bushel on Augustevery day in order to prevent loss 15 which raises again the all-im-fromdecay. Breeders who have no Prtant question of how much longfacilities for feeding silage undoubt- f Publican party will try to,. . , . . . . , fool the farmers by putting highedly would profit by making plans .. j,,. . ,. , .J v - . .tariff duties on agricultural prod-NAMES IN POLITICS 'Probably no man in -the UnitedStates is better known than WilliamJennings Bryan, yet to thousands heis and always will be called "Bryant." The late James B. McCreary wasa Kentucky politician whose namewas a household word but manypersisted in pronouncing his nameas though spelled "McQueary."Some years ago a candidate with thelatter name appeared on the ballotin the State primary and althoughhe had formally withdrawn twoweeks before the election, he received over 25,000 votes- in theState, "the presumption being thatthose who voted for him believedthey were voting for "James B."The late William Goebel figuredin one of the most spectacular political contests ever waged in Kentucky but to many friends and foesalike he was called "Gobill" and"Jobell.7 Even now Senator Ernst isknown to thousands of people in theState only as "Ernest."That there is nothing in a name,at least politically, seems to havebeen vindicated when the late Jas.R. Hindman, of Adair county, waselected Lieut. Governor of Kentucky, although latter day partieshardly would tempt fate by puttingup a candidate with that hoodoocognomen.That there is a certain psychological connection between names andpolitics is shown by the politicalhistory of the State. In practicallyevery case the man with a longname or one with an involved pronunciation has been at a disadvantage in seeking political prefermentand rarely has attained it. Thecandidate with the short and easyname has the best of it in politics.omrs. lucia ames meade on"Worlitpeace:"FOUR NOTED HORSES IN SARATOGA SPECIALnow to store some of their greencrops, for feed during periods ofdrouth that exist from time to timein the State."ASPIRINSay "Bayer" and Insist!ucts which this country exports?PROGRAM FOR MENTAL SURVEYIS ADOPTEDgif H jUnless you see the name ''Bayer"on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-twoyears and proved safo bymillions forColdsToothacheEaracheNeuralgiaAccept- onlyHeadacheLumbagoRheumatismPain, Pain.'Bayer" packagewhich contains proper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costfew cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofUonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)oThe chap who says, "Let's go!"is more apt to succeed than the fellow who says, "Let's wait."Organization of the advisory committee of the Kentucky NationalCommittee for Mental Hygiene waseffected at a meeting of the advisorycommittee, and a program to be followed in making the mental surveyof the State authorized a joint resolution passed by the last generalassembly was adopted. Dr. J. M.A special match race which willbring together Kai Sang, Whiskaway, Bunting and Pillory has beenarranged by Richard T. "Wilson,president of the Saratoga association. The race, which is to be called the Saratoga Special Three-Year-OldChampionship, will be run asan added feature to Saturday's program. The race will be at a mile and aquarter, each starter to carry 120pounds. Three must start or therewill be no race.CLEVELAND'S WAY( Courier-Journal )It has not been uncommon during'the present railroad strike to hearthe expression of a wish that GroverCleveland were in the White House.Why,Edward Townsend in the NewYork Herald relates a bit of historyTinsley, of Barbourville, was named which has some bearing on the anschairman. This survey, it was explained, has as its objects the determining of the character of theneeds of prisoners in the State's penal institutions and of some of theState's school children in order thatsteps may be taken to reduce thenumber of criminals and mental defectives in the next generation.PRUNES SUCCESSFULLY GROWNIN MASON COUNTYFrank L. Paeltz, farmer of Masonwer to that question.On the night of July 8, 1894, JohnC. Barclay, at that time manager ofthe Western Union Telegraph Company in Chicago, looking out fromthe window of a tall building, sawthe illumination of fires among thefreight cars in the railroad yards.He went to a telegraph key and called to the operator in the WhiteHouse, asking permission to wire astory of the situation to the President. His request was granted, his mes-IRaffP W51R Ccmf- an1 V10 carvin -nirrV.county, has proved that prunes can age went from the Wnite ougebe raised to advantage in this part to Fort Sheridan. Addressed to theof the country. He has a tree of Colonel commanding, it directed himGerman 'variety on his farm. It is j to proceed to Chicago by daylight tosixteen feet tall and twenty inches j protect Government property and toin circumference, and he has gathered from it this season four andthree-fourths bushels of prunes.Some of them measured six and onehalf inches around. A twig cut Offfor exhibition contained twentyeight prunes.What has become of the old-fashionedwoman who used to wearskirts that trailed in the dust,prevent interference with the mails.President Cleveland, not having aBest Mind, did not require weeksand months in which to make it upand unmake it. "oIf a mustard plaster was appliedto your head, would anything comeout except hair?If only men were ,as afraid ofshoddy hearts as of shoddy clothes.?STONE BURIAL VAULTSFmmmfmm' ' J I 1 1 I I I . p. V .(By Mabel Jean Melton)."World Peace" and all it symbolizes to the womanhood of the worldwill be the subject' of an address tobe delivered by Mrs. Lucia AmesMead, of Boston, Mass., as the outstanding feature of Club Women'sDay at the Kentucky State Fair,Tuesday, September 12th.Mrs. Mead, a clubwoman of international reputation, will be introduced by Mrs. J. B. Reynolds, Paducah, Ky., President of the Kentucky Federa'tion of Women's Clubs,at a mass meeting to be held at "4o'clock Tuesday afternoon in theHorseshow Pavilion. Mrs. Mead hasmade a thorough study of international peace problems. She willbring the result of this study to thewomen of Kentucky.Presidents of the various Louisville women's clubs, agumented andassisted by a State Committee of representative club women from all sections of Kentucky, will occupy prom-inent places in the pavilion. Eachofficer will bear the ybanner of theclub represented by her. Louisvillewomen will act as individual hoststo all visitors to the Fair, duringthe week. Quantities of flags andpotted plants will be used to form abackground for the sp'eakers of theclay.Mrs. John H. Miller, a. clubwomanof State-wide influence, has been appointed publicity chairman of theday. In speaking of the address tobe made by Mrs. Mead, Mrs. Millersends the following message to allwomen: "Something of the supremehappiness of peace, together withthe justice of a world-wide movement for "No More War," will bepointed out by Mrs. Mead. How women, through organization may dotheir share to create an atmosphereconducive to "World Peace" will beshown by the speaker. Mrs. Meadewill emphasize the truth that,'Peace hath her victories no less renowned than war."In playing hosts to women of Kentucky during the State Fair Week,the club women of Louisville arepreparedto dispense Kentucky Hospitality in the "good old-fashionedway." A spacious tent will be located near the street car entrance,close by the famous Kentucky LogCabin, with its quaint collection ofhistoric relics. This tent will beknown as Clubwoman's Tent. Comfortable wicker furnishings, withwriting and checking facilities willbe at the disposal of guests. Hostesses will be on duty to welcomeall visitors. Four large books willbe placed in the tent, and every woman will be invited to register. ,Just across the way from theWomen's Tent, is situated the Merchants' and Manufacturers' Building. The second floor of this building is given over to displays of wo-jnen's handiwork, including needlework, decorative art work, and, canning and baking.t Through the combined efforts ofthe clubs of Louisville, books containing six admission tickets may bepurchased for $2.00. The regulargate fee is 50 cents. These booksmay be purchased up to September8 th, after which the regulationprice will prevail. Those desiringtickets should mail checks to theKentucky State Fair, 604 RepublicBuilding, Louisville. These ticketsmay be used any day, and are goodfor admission to the hippodrome exhibition at night.Thus a personal invitation to women of the State to visit Louisvilleduring State Fair week is issued byLouisville clubwomen. Their tent isto be the women's parlor at theKentucky State Fair.e-wkh3genuineGilletteBladesinerownijiUeeoAppreciation of agood shaveplus $1brings you theaBrownie"a genuine Gillettewith three genuine Gillette BladesGILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO.Bst, U, S. A.xV5Oui. So&Now at allDealers..&& OiWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tf)Genuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars WashedMMiiHMiiiiiiiiii'Hiiii"MiiunnitMiiiiiiininGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay INlght1 37 299MI'llHMMIIIHIMtlMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHHIIIlTry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTSHIPPING SHEET BUBBEEStone Burial Vaults are Nature's own material. No rust, no decayEndure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERY CO;Paris, Kentucky(Scientific American)A new case for shipping sheetrubber has been introduced! intoSingapore shipping- circles by anAmerican firm. These reach localexporters in the form of sheets madeof 100 per cent fiber, the riveting,packing and wiring being done bythe shippers. The thinness of thesheets enables the cases. built fromthem to hold from 12 to 25 per centmore weight of rubber than oldwooden boxes, and the new construction is practically unbreakable,yery cleanly and waterproof.oMAEK TWAIN'S "STRAINED RELATIONS" Axvery gentle spoken woman called on Mark Twain (one day in hislater years) and promised she wouldstay but a moment and say no morethan a few words if only she mightsit face to face with the great man.When she rose tto go she said in avoice of deepest revereence: "MayI kiss your hand?" Then as shewent out she said: "How God mustlove you!" "I hope so," he saidsoftly; but after she had gone hexould not help saying in a quaint.half-nathetic voice: "I eueas sheWasn't heard of- our strained relk-Bourbon County BoosterAUGUST 30th, 1922"SEE BOURBON COUNTY?FIRST"TripiParis Home. Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedttfttfBTE4itKIit4iltHHItHml,fltiaaia4ajiWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties 1Electric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of -Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEI MAIN STREET4A.V3BouiwAryerticietRdfTtiom." '- .. rtna :s" JTUBSDAYr AUGUST Z9, 1122.rTHE, yu&J22HjIgZwhite quits as editoe, ofJUDGEBather than edit a magazine adTocating return of wine and beer,William Allen White, Emporia editor and author, resigned the editorship of Judge. In a statement tothe Associated Press he explainediiis position:"I stopped writing editorials forJudge because the responsible editors of Judge felt that the papershould stand for the return of lightwines and beer," he said. "They hadevery right m the world to theiropfnion, and I respect them highly.But naturally I couldn't permit theuse of my name as contributing editor in a paper with views I disagreed with so entirely. Twentyseven years as an employer of reporters and writers and eight yearsas a printer, a reporter and editorialwriter, have taught me that the manback of the payroll after all is theman whose judgnent should go in amatter of this kind. He must winor lose on his own judgment and nowriter should feel that he has beentromped on.'"If the boss has his ideas and imposes them upon the papers; this isa free country; if you don't likeyour job, quit it: If I had lived inNew York or if Judge could beprinted in Kansas, I might have tried to out-talk the boss, but as itwas, talking was hard and quittingwas easy. So I quit."oA PLEASING MYTH .Influenza, a plague in many partsof the world, now is reducinggreatly he Indians in the Athabascaregion of Canada, trappers report.The aborigines, living under conditions almost as primitive as those ofthe period of the discovery of America, have little power of resistanceto epidemic disease, and are withoutthe aid of medical science.The romantic conception of thesavage is that he is a model of physical strength and symmetry and almost immune from the ills of theflesh to which civilized man is heir.The fact often is that he is notthe superior of civilized men instature or proportions, and if itsometimes is true that wild tribesare free from some of the diseasesthat attend civilization, it also istrue that many savages die of mereailments which a civilized manknows how to treat without the aidof a physician.There are no corner drug storesin the wilderness, and simple homeremedies are not, in most instancesthe "big medicine" they, are represented as being in romantic literaature of the life of savages.Influenza may be a disease of civilization or it may not. But whenit is known that flocks of poultrymay get tuberculosis from wildbirds it is plain that immunity fromdisease is not enjoyed by wild life,and that perfect ventilation is not a100 per cent prevention of a scourgewhich flourishes among human beings where ventilation is bad.Influenza was first recorded inItaly, where its name grew out ofits origin being attributed, by astrologers, to the influence of heavelybodies. But whether the infectionborne to civilized Italy from someuncivilized region where it had decimated the wild tribes is a questionnot easily answered in the negative.P0KEEENE HITS HARDING ADMNISTBATIONSenator Pomerene delivered thekeynote address of the DemocraticState convention at Columbus, Ohio,Tuesday. He charged the Republican Administration .with repudiationof their 1920 campaign pledges andthat the greater part of the legislation by the present Congress hasbeen for the benefit of Big Businessrather than for ordinary citizens.He termed the Republican tariff billthe greatest "piece of pork barrel"legislation in the history of Congress. DANGER SIGNALS TO BEERECTEDThe State Highway Commissionissued permits to advertising signalconcern to place danger warnings atjcrossings and curves on the Statehighways .at points selected by thedepartment. Several of these willbe located in Bourbon county. Theconcerns are to maintain the signalswithout expense to the State. Theyare the Louisville Signal Company and the Automatic Signal Advertising Company of Minneapolis.STATE SAVES MONEY ON AUTO" TAGSThe State Tax Commission savedthe State of Kentucky approximately$6,000 when it let the contract forautomobile license tags for 1923 tothe Automobile Vehicle Tag Company, of St. Paul, Minn., at 114cents per pair. The contract for the1922 tags was let last year to theNational Color Type Company, ofNewport at 17 cents per pair.The 1923 license tags will be blueand white.The League of Advertising Woaemof Ntw -Tfca? City- Mas- a ma-GOODNWSMany Paris Headers Have Heard Itand Profited Thereby"Good news travels fast," and themany bad back sufferers in Parisnre glad to learn where relief maybe found. Many a lame, weak andaching back is bad no more, thanksto Doan's Kidney Pills. Our citizens are telling the good news oftheir experience with this testedremedy. Here is an example worthreading: x. Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, Paris, says: "I fell and received an injury which left my kidneys in a weakened condition. Isuffered severely and although Itook different remedies nothing gaveme a bit of relief. My back achedand pained until I thought it wouldbreak and sharp twinges of painshot through my kidneys. In oneweek after taking Doan's KidneyPills I felt like a different womanand I still take them when I feel mykidneys need a tonic." (Statementgiven February 17, 1908.)On November 12, 1920, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills arecertainly all they are claimed to beand I recommend them just asstrongly to-day as I did many yearsago. I gladly confirm my formerstatement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Mil-burn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.NOT NECESSAHY"Something is wrong when 60 percent of the farmers .of the UnitedStates live upon mortgaged farms,"says Representative Cantrill m anaddress at Campbellsville, in whichhe spoke of businesslike marketingas the key to farm profits.An investigation of the situation Jof American business establishmentswould reveal that a very large proportion of business heads are payinginterest upon notes of hand or uponbonded indebtedness.The farmer ought to be able togo into debt with greater certaintyof being able to pay his expenses,to educate his children and to,, meetthe annual interest on his landnote. Borrowing money t on suchgilt-edge security as improved landmay enable the farmer to conduct alarger business and find a largerprofit, provided he is the beneficiaryof a marketing plan that will guardhim against the calamity of a largerdeficit as a result of enlarging operations. Borrowing often is excellent business. Countless American farmsare operated at a disadvantage because their owners never have hadcommand of sufficient money toequip them and stock them properly. Many farmers, wisely, havefeared to borrow money becausethey have known that their net return is less than 6 per cent.GAME AND PISH EXHIBITS ATSTATE PAIRThe exhiblta of the State gameand fish commission at the Keitucky State ,.Fair thisyear will surrlpass those of previous years, according to Dr. R. S. Tuttle, executiveagent of the commission. For thefirst time the commission will havean exhibit of native pheasants andall of the aquariums filled with native fish.In addition to these there will beon exhibition many varieties of wildjcm i inn is anu uirus, natives oi jventucky. The exhibit of opossums willinclude the mother and 16 youngones, which were born recently atthe Benoni Macklin Fish Hatchery.Dr. Tuttle stated that reports received from various counties of theState indicate that quail will beplentiful this fall.FAMINE IN 1923 PREDICTED(Pathfinder)Using the "periodogram" methodof computation, Sir- William Reveridge, of England, predicts severecrop failures in 1923. According tohis calculations, which are based onvariations in wheat prices in Europe during the last 300 years,there are four weather cycles whichaffect crops and all of these indicateheavy and destructive delugesthroughout the growing season ofnext year. On the other hand, T. H.nance attacks the cycle theory andnance, tatacks the cycle theory andreminds us of the famous weathercycle prophecies of Farmer Benner,of Ohio. After a long series of successful predictions Benner predictedgreat prosperity for 1907, a year ofpanic and general business depression. While admitting a measure ofregularity in periods of depressionsand prosperity in business history.Price thinks such theories andgloottyforhodiAgsar4trimezital.CLOSE OF nCPOETAXT ,PJLESBYTEEIAH CONFERENCEAn important conference of workers of the Presbyterian Synod ofKentucky, which was attended bymore than thirty ministers and 225registered delegates from all overCentral and Eastern Kentucky, hasjust been concluded at Jackson, Ky.,The delegates from Paris whoattended and participated in its activities have returned home, givingglowing accounts of the meeting.The conference was under the general direction of Thomas B. Talbott,of Lexington, superintendent of missions, who stated that the meetingwas a gathering of the Mountainsand Bluegrass for mutual inspiration and interchange of views relative to mission and church work.Professor C. A. Leonard, of Jackson, and Rev. J. C. Hanley, principalof Lees Institute, Jackson, made theaddresses of welcome at the openingsession, followed in the evening byan address by Rev. Elmer Gabbard,of Witherspoon College, Buckhorn,Ky."The Lees Institute and city ofJackson extended generous hospitality to the delegates which wasgreatly appreciated," said Superintendent Talbott, "and all in all theconference proved to be in every waya success, and cannot fail to be oflasting value to all who took partin it or came under its influence."There was brought to the women, aside from the regular work ofthe conference, inspiring messagesfrom Montreal by Mrs. H. P. Cooper,of Lebanon; Mrs. Chas. Welch, ofNicholasville, and Mrs. J. T. Tadlock, of Paris, summarizing the addresses and reports before the recent conference with Mrs. Hindsborough."DON'T KILL UMPIBESNo matter how great the temptation, don't kill the umpire. Youmay not be punished, because punishment for murder is rare in America, and murder common as a result of the rarity of punishment.But you will regret it, almost surely,if in sudden heat and passion youkill the umpire.Consider the case of the youngman of Fenton, Mo., who is chargedwitn mur(ieras a result of .havingswatted the umpire with a baseballbat because his- decision was favorable to the Valley Park team, whenthe score stood 5 to 0 in Fenton'sfavor!The game ended in a score of 11to 0 in favor of Fenton, the adversedecision of the regular umpire having been reversed after the umpirehad been removed in an ambulanceto a hospital in St. Louis, where hedied.The victory of the home team is avery great satisfaction, like fallingheir unexpectedly to a large fortune,or marrying the right girl, or proving your opponent in error when heargument has been heated, or finding an unsuspected $1 bill in thepocket of a long-unused waistcoat.But the young man who used thebat upon the umpire frankly says heis sorry, and that he did not intendto hit the umpire "that hard."A widow and four children survive the slain umpire, and the slayer admits, now that the heat of controversy has cooled, that the resultsof his passionate desire to punishthe umpire for deciding against thehome team are deplorableNearly anyone would feel thatway, although hardly anyone can,in moments of rage at seemingly erroneous decisions, quite realize thatkilling umpires would not result inenduring "satisfaction.It is natural to dislike the umpire intensely at times; to belaborhim with words; to express theopinion that he should be put undera trip hammer, or tfie ardent wishthat he would choke. But killinghim would be wrong and would beregretted.Let the umpire live, even when itis your profound conviction that hissudden death by violence would beno more than a just punishment.Bird Friend of the RhinoceroaThe rhinoceros bird is a little bird,about the size of a thrush, with whichthe rhinoceros makes friends. Thebird perches on 'the animal's head orbroad back, and hops about, devouringthe insects and vermin which torturethe huge beast. These birds are alsobelieved to warn the rhinoceros of approaching danger, because they frequently have been observed runningabout the animal's head, flapping theirwings and uttering shrill, warningnotes, the beast seeming to understand their meaning.Stradivarius Violins.Stradivarius was born In 1644 anddied in 1737. He worked until he wasover ninety years of age and turnedout a large number of violins andvioloncellos. Altogether, according toestimates, about one thousand violinsand about three hundred other instruments are attributed to him. Theseother instruments include differentkinds of viols, some bass viols andalso some lutes, guitars and mandaros,veryexquisitely .wrought. The label toa,, genuine Istradjyarius- lnslxiupent Ifsupposed to have been made" of paparOoly-an-xprtcan. distinguish a.genVJf s wNATIONAJSQXEIOIIEIS MEETN0VE1QEE 13.Prime movers in the National FoxHunters' Association, at a meetingheld at the Lafayette Hotel, in Lexington, selected Washington CourtHouse, Ohio, as the place for thisyear's annual field trials and fixedM,Wtne aate of the next meet for thweek beginning Nov. 13.A strong delegation . came fromWashington Court House and gavesuch wonderful descriptions of theirhome and so cordial an invitationthat they easily won the decision ofthe hunters.Other places which invited the association to meet with them wereOlympian Springs, Lebanon andRichmond, Ky.About 150 followers of the chasewere present at the meeting. Themen who came from WashingtonCourt House brought with them 102applicants for membership in theassociation, signed by residents oftheir county, Fayette county, Ohio.The meeting was presided over byJ. L Kanatzer, of Richmond, thepresident of the association. J. W.Maupin, of Richmond, the secretary,kept the minutes of the meeting.oDID YOU EVER STOP TO THINKThat your city should now beshowing a marked, steady, improvement in business.That you should enroll yourselfwith your city boosters.That the lack of good hotel accomodations will have an adverse influence on a community.That yourvcity will be a morewonderful city if your own peoplemake use of its advantages.That since the advent of the automobile, people travel for pleasureas never before. They seek outcities that have good campinggrounds or modern hotels as theirstopping places.That conventions gathering together large bodies of men and women, are increasing. These peoplego to cities where proper hotel hospitality is provided. 'That you will find a never-endingprocession of bargains in the hap-py hunting grounds" for bargainhunters the advertising columns ofyour newspapers. Read the ads!That some cities, in order to succeed inreally a large way, must assume new and better plans of development than they now have.Many cities seem content to remaina small city, others are pepping up,making plans of development on alarge scale and every citizen is planning to "help that plan. They willwin.NOW FOR SAFETY WEEKJudge Gary has set aside October8 to 14 as Safety Week, to be observed throughout the United States.This is believed to use up the available number of "weeks." It is understood the rules have not all beenlaid down, but the following may beused as a starter:1 Patronize only bonded andcertified bootleggers.2 Do not make faces at trafficofficers or internal revenue agents.3 Spend the evenings at homewith your own families.4 Let the flapper have both sides,of the street.5 Refrain from all mushroomhunting trips.6 Don't fail to laugh at all theboss's jokes.7 Donlt get married in an airplane or anywhere else.8 -Don't write any love letterswhatsoever.9 Shun all, modern . dances unless you .are a professional .wrestler.10 Don't drop underfed nickelsin the street car fare boxes..1 Do not sass any of the wife'srelatives.12 Do not try to dictate to anywoman what she shall wear. v13 Don't play a pair of sevensagainst a pafhand.14 Keep out of Wall street anddon't even smell of an oil well.15 Don't go traveling in Russia.16 Don't be any kind of a pedestrian. A VOICE IN THE WILDERNESSWith the censorship of the novelof the play of the moving picture, what is to become of our intellectual development? The doors ofgenius, which should stand wideopen, are closed to shield any individual over ten years of age fromseeing, reading, understanding anything which he should not (?)There is nevertheless an admirable minority of intelligent 'personswho will go on, and censorship inits almost farcical form can not prevent progress.Are we to be a race of morons inten years? No. Natural progress willovercome the narrow, provincialand hypocritical atmosphere of thepresent day. Marcel Steinbrugge.rf 1Dangtr f Being Too Tall.According to Dr -L , C. Rahbek, thagrant Dniah specialist in tubercu-losiachildrea whoare , abnprmallyjtail iprssratiar;pccuairij' prvst JaMr 2mm w MU Jm SHE VHtSEEKSKl. CAWYou Need One; Btiy it N6wIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTORParis,i BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4X'AThe Bourbon LaundryParis,X3IXLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGck,..3 'X7VSBFTvF' J sVV M BISV v you when youIF-J :-We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully,trained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.?Two -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNiietentk St.'NWrMiin EkUm -.tCOMPANYKentuckyLaundryWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.KentuckySKI!Xiwe areIiiIHnriMr4Ni,rFjj53-vA1 -:nvt f.iV5-Is 5 'a -5"1 V -fh v?'aid-iUcuratKosftrity; : . -Jo$.disposed to tuberculosis..L t-.sf.,PACT EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUB6DAY, AUGUST at, lllf.X(DEATHSBASE BALL.;-' c "" jr-. vV sMKmww. PHHav Hk Hav .a B 1 a H"lift Ii But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayBURNETTThe funeral of Mrs. MargaretColvin Burnett, aged forty-seven,who died Friday morning at theliome of her brother-in-law, TilfordBurnett, on East Tenth street, following a long illness was held Sunday afternoon. Services were conducted at the Burnett home at two-o'clock, by Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor-of the Paris Baptist church. The-interment followed on the family lot-in the Jacksonville Cemetery.Mrs. Burnett was a daughter of-the late John and' Jane Hughes ColTin, of Harrison county. She leavesone son, Elmer Burnett, of Paris,two brothers, Garrett and JesseColvin, of Paris, and three sisters,Mrs. Charles Thomas, of Midway,Mrs. Mary Henry, of Paris, and"Mrs. Jacob Hitch, of Carlisle.SATURDAY'S RESULTSParis 2, Cynthiana 8.Maysville 15, Winchester 7.Mt. Sterling Lexington (nogame.)SUNDAY'S RESULTSParis 4, Cynthiana 5.Maysville 2, Winchester 11.Lexington 15, Mt. Sterling' 0.THURSDAY'S GAMESParis at Maysville.Mt. Sterling at Cynthiana.Lexington at Winchester.CLUB STANDINGWon LostParis 13'Cynthiana 13Lexington 11Maysville 11Mt. Sterling . . . . 10Winchester 6999101116Pet..591.591.550.524.476.273Cynthiana defeated the Mammoths in a hard-fouerht same on theIn cattle and sheep rheumatic dis- Cynthiana grounds Sunday after-orders are quite common.Do , you wantyour boys to beWell Dressedwhen school begins?j sJ-XTfrACQQT)nin fcrftBoys' Suits with 2 pairsPants$ 7.50 $10.00$12.50 $15.00A Special Suit at$5.00Shirts and BlouseWaists$1-$1.2S-$1.50Boys' Knee Pants$1.00 to $3.00School Caps$1.00 and $1.50Stockings40c and 50cPrice & Co.ClothiersAl2P10IANDIi n E5AjjH yf2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.TUESDAYIt's a Goldwyn PictureTUESDAYnoon, by the score of 5 to 4. Cynthiana secured the first run in thesecond inning, and added four in thejfifth. while Paris scored one in the'wgSihaand three in the ninth. Bailey, pitching for Cynthiana, was effective until the ninth inning, when"he weakened and allowed three hitsand a base on balls for three runs.Long replaced him and walked Valentine. Blakefield batted for Fin'neran, and with one strike and twoballs Monhollen replaced Long. Thegame was not one to excite a greatdeal of enthusiasm, but it lastedlong enough to demonstrate the factthat Paris needs a little more pep.The batteries were: For ParisValentine and Macke; for Cynthiana Monhollen, Long, Bailey andBarker. The game was witnessedby a large crowd of Paris fans, whofondly hoped they would get revengefor the 8 to 2 trimming of the dayprevious. Time of game, 2:25.Triebel umpired."Eight to two in favor of Cynthiana" was the legend hung up onthe score boards and bulletin boardsas the result of Saturday's game atLeague Park, between Paris andCynthiana. The game was one ofthe poorest played on the local lotthis season, each team making sixerrors. Oynthiana's misplays, however, were not so costly as those ofthe league leaders. Long was veryeffective with men on bases, whileBlakefield was unable to check thevisitors in critical places in theearly innnings. One of the features'of the game was a sensational running catch of a hard hit fly ball,by Woods, of the Paris team. Seitz,Cynthiana second baseman, lacedthe ball for a home run. Blakefieldheld the visitors to six hits. Thegame went two hours and twentyminutes. Bailey and Finnery umpired. The batteries were: ForCynthiana Long and Barker; forParis Brakefield and Macke.MABEL NORMAND "Head Over Heels"You'll just worship the adorable Mabel as a wild little acrobat just over from Italy. Come! See how Broadway looks to a pint-sized Italian acrobat just off the ship. It's Mabel Normand's latest comedy creation. And you're bound to like it. , jALSO MUTT AND JEFF IN "GETTTING AHEAD," AND "SNOOKIE'S HOME RUN," COMEDY.Wednesday FREE DAY admitted on one ticket WednesdayTOM MOORE "Mr. Barnes of New York"You are bound to like Tom Moore in this splendid production. He will make you laugh and show you a good time. He speaks for himself.ALSO PATHE NEWS AND CHRISTIE COMEDY, "LET ME EXPLAIN.'THURSDAY DONT 3FWB5 THURSDAYPAULINE PREDERICKIn A. H. Wood's Notable Success"ROADS OP DESTINY"A picture with plenty of love, thrills, stirring action and adventure.ALSO SNUB POLLARD IN "SOME BABY," AND MOVIE CHARTS.Blue Grass League, the MaysvilleBulletin of Saturday, says:"The Lexington newspapers Thursday, heralded the fact that Mr.Thomas M. Russell had resigned aspresident of the Bluegrass League.Mr. Russell did offer his resignationat a meeting of the club owners inLexington Wednesday night, but themagnates refused to release Mr. Russell from the duties of his office, soit was up to Tom to retain his position or see the Bluegrass circutcontinue without a leader. Mr.Russell said this morning that theowners declined to even consider hisresignation and that he woulddoubtless, under the circumstances,finish the season as head of theBluegrass loop."ENJOYABLE TIME FOR TELEPHONE PEOPLEON THE PLAYGROUNDSDr. W. C. Ussery, of Paris, is being "prominently mentioned" inconnection with the presidency ofthe Blue Grass League, made vacantby the recent resignation of ThomasM. Russell, of Maysville. No betterselection could be made. Dr. Ussery'was president of the old Blue GrassLeague, where he demonstrated hisability and a thorough knowledge ofthe game. Lexington and Maysville"hogged" everything in sight whenthe new league was organized. Nowit is time for Paris to get into thegame by putting forth Dr. Usseryas the logical selection for preident.Anent the reported resignation ofThos. M. Russell as president of the1INSURANCE" l ik 'if SL SVMf -g-jrLet Usattend to Yours.What a dismal feeling it must be to see your property destroyed by fire if it is not insured.TOBACCO INSURANCECome in and let us insure yoiu We are agents forstrong, reliable Insurance Companies and insurance isgreat protection for a small sum.Thomas, Woodford & BryanThe playgrounds baby show washeld Friday afternoon, the judgingbeing made on the following points:Age; weight; height; number ofteeth; sight; hearing; adenoids;speech. The first prize was awarded to James Withers Davis, Jr., agedfive months; second, to Martha Weston James, age nine months; third jJohn T. Minouge, aged fourteen 'months. The contest was very closeand created quite a good deal of in-!! terest.Miss Mariam Galloway gave atacky party Thursday night at theCity School playground. The prizefor the tackiest costume won by aboy was won by William Huffman,and that worn by a girl was awarded to Hazel Mastin. Eighty-ninechildren were present.' The tennis tournament startedyesterday afternoon on the Commu-. x. . , . ! nity Service tennis courts. The newOne of the most enjoyable events, paulof the season .for the "hello' People Tuckwho help handle the affairs of a I g and Boblarge and growing corporation, was The giris baseball team of thethe Central Home Telephone and!Wilson Plarounds will play thethe Central Home Telephone and B team to.d and tn citTelegraph Company, held at the,local offices Thursday night. (Matters of business were discussed by the delegates present, all being of a nature calculated to further instruct them in their variousduties. Following the business meeting a social session was held, in iwhich the delegates mingled in adelightful hour of fellowship. Refreshments of a most appetizing nature were served the guests. Thefollowing delegates attended themeeting:Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Welsh, Mr.and Mrs. H. Y. Cardwell, Murray A.Welsh, Miss Katherine Tucker,Frankfort; W. M. Raine, Louisville;J. C. Moore, Misses Emma Owensand Doris Bowman, Maysville; C. M.Mynheir, Misses Lillie Smith, MaryAshcraft and Nell Metzger, Cynthiana; Mrs. Roxie Galrbaith, Clintonville; G. E. Duncan, Misses EthelDwelley, Cordie Stone, and Mrs.Gladys Watkins, Carlisle; Mrs. A.Evans, Mr. and Mrs. Cletis Evans,Millersburg; Miss Lorine McKenzie,Little Rock; Mrs. M. Merrimee,Shawhan; Miss Ruby McGinnis,Lewrenceburg; W. 0. Cruse, Wm. C.Insko, George Insko, Wm. Bowling,J. J. Veatch; Mrs. Charles Welty;Misses Elmeta Parker, Pearl Fronk,Julia Edwards, Hazel Maxey,Blanche Hardwick, Louella Hardwick, Myrtle Day and Mamye Collins, Paris.School team Thursday. Both gameswill be played on the Wilson playgrounds. The following is thestanding of the girls teams:Won LostBrennan 4 2Wilson 3 3City School 2 4The teams will probably play tbedeciding game on Monday, Sptember 4, Labor Day, at the CommunityPicnic, to be given at the Lettonwoodland, on the Lexington pike,near Paris.The playgrounds will close on Saturday, September 2, after twelveweeks. This week will be devotedto baseball games. Wilson and CitySchool ployed yesterday afternoon.The Wilson team will meet theBrennan team to-morrow afternoon.oNormally, about 230 cubic inchesof air is held by the lungs.oThe first to reduce oratory to asystem were the Sicilian Greeks.oBoy Scouts and Scout officials inthe United States number 559,599.CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR BALLY INGEORGETOWNA rally was held by the sixthChristian Endeavor district of Kentucky Saturday night at the FirstChristian Church in Georgetown,The Rev. Ralph W. Owens, of the, Second Presbyterian church, Lexjington, was the principal speakerand Robert Rose, of Paris, Statevice-president of the Kentucky.'union, was also on the program. A'short tlk was given by John Leach,district officer, representing theGeorgetown society. Report weregiven by representatives of the various societies in the union.After the program the party ad'journed to the Sunday school auditorium, where games were played, and a special musical program wasgiven under the leadership of T. K.Snuff, Jr. An ice course was served.The following counties were represented: Fayette, Bourbon, Harrison, Frenklin, Woodford, Mercerand Anderson. About one hundredI and twenty-five visitors were present. Io-BEST EASTERN CANE SUGARPer 100 pounds .$7.85Per 12 1-2 pounds '.$1.00FARMERS SUPPLY CO.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnoHIGH SCHOOL NOTESAll students who plan to enter theSophomore and Freshmen classes at!the Paris High School in September are requested to register at theschool office to-day, Tuesday, August29. The students who planned toenter the Junior and Senior classesjwere instructed to call at the office! yesterday.j The school office is now open from8; 00 a. m. to 6:00 p. m. for the accommodation of parents who wish to'arrange for the accommodations of'graduates arranging to leave" for cqflege. iSParents living outside the city rerequested to. call and enroll tttelrchildren at once, as -we shallfbeable to take only' a few more in ,heSIFOR QUICK CLEARANCESupply your Shoe Needs for the Family at Tremendous Savings!SHOES, OXFORDSSTRAP SLIPPERSfor fall wear at wonderful price reductions.It pays to buy at PARIS' GREATESTSHOE STORE.Ladies $3.00 and $4.00 Tan andBlack Oxfords and Slippers. Low,heels. Sale price, choce . .Ladies' $4.00 Satin Strap Slippers,Tan Strap Slippers. PatentsSale priceLadies' $3.50 Tan Lace Oxfords andPatent Slippers. Sale price . .Prices sacrificed on White Footwear.Oxfords and Strap Slippers $2.50and $3.00 values. Choice . .Another lot df Ladies' Soft KidStrap Slippers. Turn soles, at. .$1.95$2.85$2.45$1.45$1.00A lot of Misses' and Children's 4 ft A$2.00 Slippers. On sale at .. J.UUMen's Tan Shoes for Fall wear, rub-A i"ber heels. Sale price JZaUUMen's Fall Shoes, Tan and Vici Kid,A Mr$5.00 values. Sale price Jw.TTUMen's $3.00 Tan Army last work ATShoes. Sale price BJJ3Men's $2.50 Tan Elk 4 JAShoes, at Jl.uMen's $3.00Tan Elk 4 A (JShoes at )I.UUBoy's and Youth's $2.50 Tan school 4 A AShoes. ' Sale price .'J BJJ3POSNER BROS.DAN COHEN STAND336 MAIN STREETv J J'gr&dea. ,i. , y-Jr.,1f w."is, jmh,t-iJC" Sr2' f,l&TfetV-A.-. -X-!? r