-iwJ Sk -W2lT"S?i;&r .y -5w ' . t .Tt. -.its. - -sr.a.jl' ic ,..4&.. ST51SvjC&' -iVOLUME XL 1 1-c.. U nW T-KtvSEiBKr - wr-vJC-iJW Tma.l'EaUP-B.(S7i I !. v . s. . trr - " "v. - t , " .I, mKSff' 3" - -r. - FTIH K7'S - '. . TF '"' r ".B M .TM -' ftp- CTT -r,'. PUBLISHED EVERY TtTESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR, f ' ? vPARIS, BOUBBON COtfNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE irU52 3; L.K12 w .-w. ?--1-Vs .1&riGLOBE TROTTER IN PARISHenry Spickler, globe trotter, and.author of "Around The World Without a Cent," was a visitor in Paristhe past week, making a hike fromChicago to Miami, Florida.On February 23, 1922, Spickler leftTiis home in Palo, Illinois, for a tripthrough the South. He purchaseda ticket to the next town, and thenemptying his pockets, has made hisway as far as Paris, on his way toMiami, Fla.,-by sharpening scissorsand knives, delivering addresses andtaking up collections.His object in making the presenttrip is to study the South not onlyfor the benefit of himself, but alsoforthat of tourists. He will use inthe material gathered along theroute for literary and lecture workduring the coming winter. He declared that the South, so far as helias seen it, is the most promisingcountry in the world, and the Bluegrass region as near to Paradise aslie could conceive any earthly country. Several years ago Spickler rode aTiicycle around the world, smartingpenniless from his home, and working at numerous trades, including"printer's devil," wood chopper, selling his book, etc. -Spickler is aman of mbst interesting personality,and made a fine impression on thosehe met in Paris,LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS TOHOLD MEMORIAL SERVICESThe Brotherhood of LocomotiveEngineers Sub-divisions, Allingham,C. & 0. No. 271, Daniel Boone, L. &N. 489, Ludlow, Southern No. 603,and Ladies Auxiliary Division No.130, will hold memorial services atthe Covington Library Auditorium,corner Robbin and Scott streets,Covington, Ky., Sunday, June 11, atU:30 p. m., city time. Speakers,Rev. H. C. Runyon and FatherKathman. Public invited. Paris-members please take notice.o"MEMBER OF EFFICIENCY BOARDRESIGNSOn account of business engagements A. T. Fields, of Ashland,tendered to Gov. Edwin P. Morrowhis resignation as a member of the-efficiency commission.William Heyburn, of Louisville,resigned a week ago. The resignation of the two members leaves-Catesby Spears, of Paris, and GuthTie Cook, of Russellville, as th.e onlymembers of the commission. Themeeting of the commission, whichhad been called for organizing, waspostponed until Governor Morrowfills the vacancies."Hie Know Bow"THE NEWSTRAWUTIIn Balabuntals,. Sailors,Bangkoks and LeghornsARE HERE!Oar 'assortment of attractive and becoming StrawHats is a very completeone.Prepare yourself for thelong hot summer days bygetting under one 'of ournew Straw Hats.WE FIT YOUR FACEAS WELL AS YOURHEAD!Mitchell &Blakemoretf5-:ir &tJzj&? tessi TfNa; c?,r"s"r- v., -?-:SCHOOL NOTESTHE NEWS acknowledges receiptof the following invitation:"The University of Kentucky invites you to-be present at the Fiftyfifth Annual Commencement Exercises, the eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth and fourteenth of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-two, Lexington." Schools and colleges at Lexingtonare holdmg commencement exercisesthis week. Among the graduates arethe following form Bourbon county:Hamilton- College Miss MargaretClark, Little Rock, and Miss MaryEllis, Paris; Transylvania College Miss Mary Elizabeth Clark,Paris, Bachelor of Science; WardRussell, Little Rock,. Bachelor of Divinity, College of the Bible.Among the names proposed for members of the Board of 'Curators isCatesby Spears, of Paris.The services at St. Peter's Episcopal church Sunday morning was anespecially interesting one, Rev. W.S. Cain, rector, delivering the baccalaureate address to the members ofthe 1922 graduating class of thethe Paris High School, forty-sixin number. Rev. Cain's address was a masterpiece of eloquence and sound common sense,and was full of sage sayings andgood advice to the young peoplewho were "commencing:" life.This" will be a busy week with thestudents of the High School, especially the members of the class of1922. Rev. Dr. Benjamin J. Bush,pastor of the Second Presbyterianchurch, of Lexington, will deliverthe commencement address at theParis Christian church, on Thursdaymorning, at ten o'clock, at whichtime the forty-six graduates will begiven their-diplomas. Dr. Bush willofficiate in place of Rev. T. S. Smylie, of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, who is in ill health.The diplomas will be presented byArthur B. Hanccck, president of theCity Board of Education.The Junior reception to the Seniors will be held at the High Schoolgymnasium, on Wednesday, June 7,at eight o'clock, p. m., and will be adecided interesting event.To-night (Tuesday) at 7:30o'clock) the members of the HighSchool Glee Club will give a concertin the High School auditorium.Parents are lequested to havetheir children call at the schooloffice, between the hours of 1:00and 6:00 p m. today, for their finalreport cards. Tnis report shouldshow the entire year's grades, semester averages and the pupils areurged to study these cards and putthem away for reference in September, at the opening of the nextterm.Main street windows are neatlyand effectively decorated this weekwith P. H. S. colors, orange andblack, in honor of the schools of thecity. The public is invited to attendall the programs. The- number ofprograms that have already beengiven attested by the large attendance the interest our people aretaking in the cause of education.The "By the Wayside" HistoryClub of the P. H. S. will have itsfinal meeting for this session attwo o'clock this afternoon.The Latin Club of the P. H. S.will hold its final meeting in thegymnasium at three o'clock this afternoon. After the Club program abusiness meeting for the election ofofficers for next year will be held.The program for this meeting is asfollows: "Mendelssohn Spring Song,"Lucile Chipley; "The Life of Vergil," Katherine Wills; "Tennyson'sPoem To Vergil," Anna David;"The Sixth Book of Vergil's Aeneid," Elizabeth Lilleston; "American and Roman Schools," TrinnaDuncan; Story, Miss Beba Lockhart. The County . Commencement,wnich will be lield in the HighSchool auditorium Wednesday morning at teiuorclock, with Prof. McHenry Rhodes as speaker, will ber-n a rf 4-Vi r niAn4 A 4-. x 'uu -" xnuoi. luijjui mui programsof the week.PAY CUT ON 400,000 RAILROADMENMore than $4b,000,000 is slashedform the pay of 400,000 mainteniance of way men at work for therailroads in a recent decision by theUnited States Railroad Eabor Board.This averages a cut of 5 cents anhour in wages that run from 28 to40 cents an hour. The three Unionmembers of the Board dissented. Ifother reductions now pending areput into effect it will mean the virtual wiping but of the $600,000,000awarded to railroad men in 1920.Railway executives think this willopen the way for employing 200,000more men. The reductions, it isclaimed, are in line with the reduced Lcost of living,, and, it may be added,with the reduction of 10 per cent infreight rates last week. All this iselective July 1.-COMMERCIAL CLUB -ENDORSESCOMMUNITY SEEVICEThe closing of the schools and theadvent of summer brings to theforefront the problem of just howto occupy the idJe time of the children. The boy and girl are temporarily out of a job, still in thestride of school activities, and withno objective for their energies.Busy mornings at school, quiet afternoons at home and peacefulevenings of study are relegated tothe past; at least, until Septemberthe first.The boy who had to be urged outof bed is up with the sun, and looking for trouble. Field and stream,snnshine and summer breeze, allout-of doors lure the child into thefascinatin gelement of summer. Helearns many things and profitsgreatly during these three monthsof vacation; a love of nature, an appreciation of fish and game, thehealthy exercise of out-dqpr sports,an appetite for wEoIesome food.He is initiated in the democracyand sportsmanship of childhoodgames; latent powers of leadershipand a true sense of duty are awakened. Sun kissed, air-cleansed,healthy tired, boy-hungry; to you,merely .getting en through anothersummer.It is' up to grown-ups to live withhim in this land of summer. Toshare his pleasure and disappoint-jment, to be interested in his games,and to direct his busy mind alongthe line of clean, moral, healthyplay. -Men and women, who know thepsychology of childhood, havegrouped themselves together, underthe name of Community Service, tofoster good citizenship, good fellowship and neighborhood spirit amongthe grown-ups, and to provide thebest opportunities for the childrenand protect their interests.There is a Community play groundin- your neigaborhood, furnishedwith equipment "and carefully supervised. It has been provided by theCommunity Service for the purposeof helping you solve the problem ofjust how to occupy the idle time ofthe children during t the summermonths. The boy or girl who is aregular visitor to Community Serviceplay grounds will show, by the endof summer, a development, mentallyand physically, that will amaze you.The Commercial Club, alwoys astaunch supporter of CommunityService, has requested -this spacefor the purpose of appealing to everycitizen in Paris and Bourbon countyto become interested in CommunityService.NEWS OF THE COURTSClyde and Sarah Wda,e colored,of North Middletown, were arrested'by Sheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilkeyon chargesof chicken stealing. They weregiven a hearing in the County Courtbefore Judge Batterton, and held tothe grand jury at the coming termof Circuit Court in the sum of $200.Bond was furnished by RobertJones, brother of Miss Luella Jones,who swore out the warrant.Deputy Sheriff Gilkey arrestedJames Osborne, white, on a warrantfrom the Montgomery county Sher-Jiff' s office and turned him over to.Montgomery county officials. Osborne was charged with driving hisautomobile while intoxicated. It wasalleged that while intoxicated, Osgorne drove his car against a fence,tearing down a telephone pole anddriving over the foot of a womanwho was sitting at the edge of thepavement. At the hearing held inMt. Sterling he was fined $500 andsentenced to serve thirty days injail.Two Paris boys, Cecil Shelton andWill Delaney, were arrested andbrought to Paris, Saturday after-Loon by Sheriff M. Peale Collier,charged with burglarizing the depotof the L & N. at Shawhan. Whilethe agent was absent at noon Saturday the 'boys are said to havebroken a window in the ticketoffice, and entering, secured $4.23from the cash drawer. They wereseen to leave the building, and werepursued, being caught in a nearbyfield, and held until the arrival ofSheriff Collier. Upon being questioned they told different stories,finally confessing and leading Mr.Collier to the place where they buried the money.The two boys were given a hearing in the County Court yesterday,Shelton being sent back to jatrrandDelaney being turned over to hisf&ther, who promised to see that hekept out of mischief in the future.In the County Court yesterday C.A. Brown, member of the carnivalcompany which played Paris thepast week, was fined $50 and costson a charge of inticing Garrett Col-vin, an aged white man, into agambling game and taking a considerable sum of money from him.Brown was arrested by Sheriff 11.Peale Collier and placed in jail;- be-lt. iolAaAj ahnrtiv fti am fcni- . i -- v - - -BASE BALLCLUB STANDING. t Won 'Lost Pet.Maysville .. ..12 1 .923Lexington 8 4 " .667-Paris 5 6. .455Tfyntliiana. . .-. ..-5 7 .417Winchester. . . . .- 4 7 .364Mt. Sterling .... 2 1-1 .154SUNDAY'S RESULTSLexington, 3; Mt. Sterling, 2. -Maysville,4; Cynthiana, 2.Winchester-Paris, rain.THURSDAY'S GAMESLexington at Maysville.Paris at Mt. Sterling.Winchester at Cynthiana.The Mt. Sterling team in the Bluegrass League has decided to reorganize and get a new start towardputting forward a winning team.Charlie Ellis tendered his resignation as manager, and "Lefty' Townsend will act as captain of the teamuntil Ellis's successor is chosen.In the double-header game playedby the 'Church League teams atHancock Field, Friday afternoon,the Presbyterians defeated the Baptists by a score of 6 to 3, and thehitherto unbeaten Methodists wentdown in defeat before the Christiansby a score of 14 to 9. This was thefirst same the Methodists hn.vA lostin two seasons. Rogers, of theChristian team, outpitched Owens,of the Methodist team. Owensforced in two runs by walking batsmen, while Rogers kept hits scattered. The batteries were: For theMethodists, Owens and Owens; forthe Christians, Rogers and Arnsparger; for the Presbyterians, Willsand Humphrey; for the Baptists,McClary and Berryman. Umpires,Willis and Miner.The next .game in the ChurchLeague will be played on HancockField, this (Tuesday) afternoon- between the Christians and the Baptists. The game will be calledpromptly at 3:30 o'clock. The batteries will be: Ballard and Ballardfor the Baptists, Rogers and Arnsparger . for the Christians.The large delegation of Paris andBourbon county fans who made thetrip to Winchester, Sunday afternoon to witness the game betweenthe Dodgers and the Paris Mammoths were disappointed on accountof rain, which broke up the game inthe third inning after each side hadRallied "'one run. The game was going strong as long as it lasted, butthe rain soon put a stop to run getting, and sent the spectators home.Victory again perched on thebanners of the undefeated ParisPirates Friday, when they met anddefeated the Lexington Wildcats 'onthe local grounds by a score of 14to 7. This was tlfe seventh consecutive victory this season for thePirates. Features of the game werethe battery work of Crawford andParsons, and the all-around hittingof the Pirates. The next game forthe Pirates will be on Saturday,when they will meet the MaysvilleBoy Scouts on the latter's grounds.If the locals win this game it willmake them the undisputed boy champions of Central Kentucky.CONFEDERATE MEMORIAL DAYThe graves of the Confederate deadin the Paris Cemetery, includingthose on the lot surrounding theConfederate monument, and in otherparts of the cemetery, were profusely decorated with flowers and smallConfederate flags Saturday afternoon by the members of Richard"Hawes Chapter, United Daughtersof the Confederacy.Prior to going to the cemeterythe members of the Chapter and afew Confederate veterans gatheredin the Confederate room in the courthouse, where they listened to ashort address and prayer by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, and an interesting program. They were then taken to thecemetery in automobiles. . Therewere no special services at the cemterey, buUthe flowers donated weresufficient to place a floral cover overthe last resting place of each deadsoldier of the Confederacy.HOTHOUSE TOMATOES 'Hothouse tomatoes". First of theseason.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.-" . -oVIOLATORS OF STOCK LAWFINEDLucius Mack and Chas. Mack,ofthe North Middletown precinct,were arrested by Deputy Sheriff Gilkey on a charge of violating thestock law, which prohibits loosestock Irom running on the publicroads. When arraigned before JudgeBatterton they were each fined $10and costs.Sheriff Collier states that numerous complaints have been cominginto the Sheriff's office from almostevery precinct in the county, andthat further arrests may be madeunless owners of stock- ketp themIrnnlmai " - iFEDERAL COURT AT LEXINGTONJUNE 12vThe June term of the FederalCourt will open at Lexington onMonday, June 12,with Judge A. M.J. Cochran presiding. The docket isan unusually large one, comprisingabout eighty suits in equity and alarge number of other cases to beheard. The following Bourboncounty men have been summoned forservices as jurors:Grand Jury Walter Tate, Shawhan; Chas. W. Wilson, Shawhan; N.H. Taylor, Paris. Petit Jury Ed.Ingels, Millersburg; Geo. W. Judy,Paris; Elmer Boardman, Paris; A. J.Moffett .Millersburg; John Welsh,Paris; J. M. Leach, Paris.Among the cases to be assignedfor a hearing are a number in whichParis and Bourbon County peopleare interested,""those against theBourbon Oil and Development Co.,Co-operative Land and DevelopmentCo., and the Columbia Oil Co.SEWER CONNECTIONS FINALNOTICE, HEALTH R0ARD. This is to notify all property owners whose property abuts the sanitary sewer that warrants will issuefrom the City Health Board if suchconnections have not been begun orcompleted on or before June 15th.1922.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the Board of Health.(6-3t)NEW FACES AT THE GRANDAND ALAMOFollowing the resignation of allthe employes of the Paris Grand andThe Alamo, but one, the PhoenixAmusement Company, of Lexington,which controls the two houses, announces the following changes inthepersonnel of the house employes: Miss Anna Bell Ward, in generalcharge as manager and director;Miss Adaline Ward, of Richmond,local manager, to succeed ClarenceSprake; Miss Rylie, of Lexington,cashier, to succeed Mrs. Jack Owsley; Miss Mabel Pratt, of Richmond,pianist, to succeed Mrs. Charles W.Fithian Harry Warrington, of St.Louis, machine operator.Effective yesterday children willbe admitted to either theatre for tencents, instead of twenty cents, whichhas been the admission price heretofore.FRANK & CO:LADIES' OUTFITTERS'- .-- "- JMid-Summer SaleofrSilk-sSport Dresses:Some withAT$28These dresses are made- of the very bestT -materialsancLare shown in all the newest -weavesand shades. The former prices ofthese dresses ranged from $32.50 to $59.50.FRANK&COLADIES' OUTFITTERSrli i ' imm i Tirrnirinv - -r jz: 1' "? - ""'- " ' -i rv?. . urSrs-am- " '' .Ta r - A 'STOLL CIRCUIT- JUDGE-OTFAYETTEActing- Circuit Judga R. C. Ssttl "was named by Governor IdwiHPV rMorrow as Circuit Judge of Tayette?county to fill the yacancy cause strthe death: of Judge William. Wortk-ington and to preside- of tme Cowrt "until after the next election " VNovember, 1923.Judge Stoll has been on the beckin Fayette county for a considerableperiod during the last two years. ,After having acted as special ju4e zon several occasions he was namedto fill the-vacancy caused wltk tfcedeparture in July, 1921, of JudgeCharles Kerr for the Panama CanalZone, where he had been. appointwLTFederal Judge. He' served until January lr 1922, retiring for "JudgeWorthington. who had been electedin November. During the succeeding months he presided over thecourt ,on several occasions. JudgeStoll had been acting as specialjudge for two weeks when Judge. ..Worthington died.L. & N. PAYS $296,616 TAXES OTKENTUCKYThe Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company has paid its taxes, totalling $296,616.26, to the State. -"The payment was made in twochecks, one for $91,957.12, coveringthe franchise tax on an assessment -of $22,989,280, and the other $177,-65-9.14on the tangible propertyfwhich is assessed at $44,414,784.This is the largest amount paid by jany railroad in the State. - " -y0 .FERTILIZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CAELOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GRADE "REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FOETOBACCO. PRICE LOWEST HTSEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYS TOUSE IT.BRENT & COMPANY. "Incorporated.(mar21-tn J"Where there is smoke, there is"always fire," so when twenty millioa. -well-known men" and women in. allwalks of life say Tanlac is a goodmedicine, there must be somethingLU it.- J-tiinuu is sum uy aii. ""-' .druggists. (adv; "r A6&- - 2"StuVS-ttz .Capesv!.75-- tT"y m 4-St . -.- M1' hfwUI t1-' I'r 4 ?St !,- , f!" li'Cliv:t1(4ii:uI. 1- r r.-:- ; -Vr -;--$ vVk: -A -VmIi.II!,ijtiij";.-"liir PAGETWOTHE BOURBON NEWSiprtaUkted 18f 41 Years of Contimmous PublicationYmVliiked EYery Tuesday and Fridayc Ymx $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.0WUT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.BmUrd at the Paris, Kentucky,n . & as Mail Matter of thSecond Glass.)4DUm FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Tftw York American Press AssoRation. Glkafo Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.JLtlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCikcinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDfsplay'Advertisements, $1.00 perfnch lor first time; 50 cents per inchjiacli subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards ol thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseaients and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orether matter for publication.Announcements for political officesJriust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor-EDITORIAL FLINGSThe planet Mars is said to be approaching the earth at the rate of975,000 miles a day. Just so long aslie keeps beyond our three-mile limit-we shall take no steps to check him.It may be, of course, that youcan't put new wine in old bottles,"but we saw the second wife of a-'certain Paris man the other day wholooked pretty comfortable in thezfirst wife's sedan.Speaking of "limbs" now, everybodv knows that you refer to the"branches of trees. It was not always thus, in the midvictorian days, Jcor instance. But prudery is nowp-of date.-SiiilSlf in the hills of Kentucky' Is said by his friends to be luckyVTlen he gets in a feudIf he has a large brood-Of sons who can shootAnd are plucky.Jack Dempsey got back from Europe in a happy frame of mind andwithout encountering any such delays as delousing, demobilizing, etc.,that came to the boys who wentvover there in 1917 and 1918."A Louisville business house triedto write in one word a prescriptionfor the revival of business conditions. The best it could do was,'kwitcherbelliakin' If you know'What it means, maybe you had bet-ter 'do it.A Kentuckian, ninety-two years-years o)d, who plows' most of theday, has lost all his teeth and can't.iiold a pipe in his mouth, so he's trying to learn how to smoke cigarettes. At his age they won't hurthis morals, but they are apt to cuttdown his wind a little.MEN AND HORSESi - V(Davenport Democrat)Morvich, winner .of the KentuckyOerby, has a nice, equal -temper.He's always the same, says hishostler. Other horses get fretful,-develop cranky streaks, can't keeptill. Morvich isn't that kind. It .hasa4ot to do with his winning.If N people are like horses, there's alesson in that. Horses, at any rate,are like people. Morviqh won hisrace, but a lot of things helped him.One was the fact that Charley andBilly went to Louisville with him.-Charley is an Airedale, and Billy apony, stablemate and traveling companions of the famous three-year-old.Morvich counts them his bestfriends. They helped to keep himhappy and contented through thelong weeks of training and the tripto Louisville and the wait for therace.-"A good horse likes to .be amongstrfriends," commented the hostler.Right Not to Be Withheld.T What ! shall I not everywhere enjoyitbe light of the sun and stars? anday I fiot seek and contemplate, invery corner of the earth, under thecanopy of heaven, .consoling and delightful truth?- Dante.Tgtty Arbuckle's films are said toSl-Ty:iiuUr.in.RuMia.-Somer.'.fxrty is always knock! -Russia. !STOPM ACCIDENTSNew Aircraft Engine EliminatesUse of Gasoline.Use of Heavy Fuel Oil, It Is Believedby Experts, Will Prevent SuchDisasters as That to ArmyDirigible Roma.Baltimore, Md. Experiments conducted by the national advisory committee for aeronautics, under the general direction of Dr. Joseph S. Ames,have developed an aircraft engineeliminating the use of gasoline, whichDoctor Ames described as the "fundamental cause" of fire accidents in theair.By the use of heavy, fuel oil, Doctor Ames said, it is hoped to preventsuch disasters as that to the armydirigible Roma, in which only threemen out of forty-five escaped. DoctorAmes is professor of physics at 'JohnsHopkins university and chairman ofthe executive committee of the aeronautic organization.The new engine, a high speed airplane wing, and a device which isbeing developed for obtaining data andmaking tests under actual serviceconditions, will be reported at thesemi-annual meeting of the advisory )committee In Washington.No special processing of the oil employed in the new engine is required,Doctor Ames said. The motor itselfis a modified Liberty, with pistonsmade much longer to provide greatercompression. It -has no valves. Theoil, very thick and gummy, is forcedthrough a jet by a compression pump,and enters v the cylinder under highpressure.The greatest problem Involved, Doctor Ames said, was to make a motorof this sort light enough for aviation,but he regarded this as largely accomplished. He added that the oilN:ouldbe used for automobiles.HAS PRIZE MESS CREWUncle Sam's thirty-three million dollar battleship, the U. S. S. "Maryland,"can now boast of a wonderful messcrew the pride of the navy. CaptainD. F. Sellers each week has an inspection of the mess tables for whichthere are three prizes offered to thebest mess crew that are attentive totheir duties. Keen rivalry exists between the mess squads and it becameso "difficult that George W. Sweeneyof the Hotel Mens association wascalled upon to judge the inspectionone day. The photo shows Capt. D.F. Sellers of the Maryland and GeorgeW. Sweeney.DEAD REBELS ADVERTISE U. S.'Pajamas of Hanged Albanians BearLabel ""Gift of AmericanPeople."Scutari, Albania. "Gift of, theAmerican people" read labels on thepajama-clad bodies of two- notoriousinsurgents which hung from a tree inthe center of this town for severaldays. .The incongruity of the labels evidently did not strike the Albanian authorities who carried out the executions, as all the pajamas given out tothe poor by American relief workersare so "marked, and these garmentsevidently were the only ones availablein which to clothe the condemned men.Hens Worked One Day.Gettysburg, Pa. John McDonnellhas a brood of 15 black Minorca chickens which do strange things. Theother day the flock laid 16 eggs. Twoof the eggs were joined end to end.Both eggs in this freak combinationare perfectly formed and about thesize of ordinary eggs.$......... .'.Falls Dead in GraveHe Dug for AnotherWeehawken, N. J. Aftercompleting the digging of a gravein the -cemetery here ChristianBock, forty-two years old, of 5River Road, North Bergen, wasstricken with acute indigestionand fell into the grave lie haddug for another.As the man toppled over thefuneral cortege bearing the bodyof Mrs. Mary Bruggman, of Jersey City, had entered the gatesof the cemetery. When thecasket was about to be loweredto the grave, the body of thegrave digger was discovered.Bock was a veteran of theSpanish-American war, andserved as one of the late ColonelRoosevelt's Rough Riders.4"rTHEBOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY-Says He Did Not Know What a WellDay Was Tor Two Years, ButTanlac Put Him Back On Feet InShort Time."There is something about Tanlac that certainly does the work,"said Chas. S. Wood, 937 SouthTwenty fifth street, Terre Haute,Ind."A short time ago I was almostdown and out, and here I am today in the very best of health, feeling as strong as I ever did in mylife. Nothing but Tanlac made thechange in me, either. My troublesstarted with influenza about twoyears ago, and from that time up until Tanlac straightened out mytrouble I didn't know what a wellday was."I am like my old self again now,eating, sleeping and working as wellas ever I did in my life."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists, (adv)WHISKERS AND ILL TEMPEROur barber tells us that if wewant a smooth shave we must compose our mind."The man who gets into my chairall mad and uncomfortable is theman I can't shave. Bad temperseems to stiffen the beard and eachhair sort of stands up and fights therazor." So says the barber.-If the human hair and the humanhide are so seriously affected by agrouch what must happen to thethe delicate and hidden seats of ourbeing?Probably some day it will be discovered with ill temper, worry, envy,malice, hatred give definite physicalrelations. We do know that thehopeful, cheerful invalid does morefor himself than the doctors can.We do know that persistent beliefin the sickness of any part of thebody will produce sickness there,.without other cause. If a whiskergets mad, -and If there is real truthin the idea of the hair bristlingthrough fear or rage, certainly weshould know about it.Certainly it would help a lot inthe present suspicious era if all of uscould feel that our ill temper definitely injures our health, shortensour life, and heaps misfortune uponus. If, for our personal selfish benefit, we kicked out spleen and allgrouchiness and really loved oneanother it would be a much morepleasant world.Most of the present light andcostly fussing between capital andlabor appears to be based on a suspicion. If labor believed that capital was not entirely selfish, and ifcapital felt that labor was only trying to get what it believed it wasearning, all the rest of the argument would soon be settled..While half of us hate "the otherhalf any -peace pacts will be morebits of papers. Louisville Herald."corns.Lift Off with FingersDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn -stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)-O-rr-USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisti a. fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintlfHB BOURBON'-NMWS, -HAS. o. WiJuDNOWGIVESHIS.. ENDORSEMENTFHigh Standing. 'Mrs. Sande "But if you don't subscribe to the Social Record, aren't youafraid they may leave your name out?"Mrs. Rocke "My dear, they can'tThey have to put me in anyway, oreverybody in this town would thinktheir book a perfect fake." Columbui(S.-C.) State. ". oWithout Food for Three Years.Probably no man could, go entirelywithout food for two months and survive. But a spider has been known todispense with food for ten months;nnd a beetle has come safely throughthree years' fast.FOR RENTDivery stable on Second street, inrear of National Garage. Apply to(2-tf) E. TENN. PHONE 198.jFor Sale or RentNine-room, two-story brick house,with all modern conveniences, atSeventh street and Higgins avenue;also five-room cottage, on Seventhstreet, adjoining City School; allmodern conveniences.MRS. JAKE ELVOVE,(2-tf) Home Phone 198.NewandUsedFurnitureTrade in your old furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Street3.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(augl5-tf)EGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O. CROMBIE.NOTICELawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Scissors and knives ground.We weld and repair all metals incommon use and do general machinerepair work.SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.(apr21-tf,Health Board Notice!Notice Te Pesons Who Sell Milk InThe City of ParisParis, Ky., June 2, 1922.Complying with the recent orderof the City Council, as well as aState and Federal law, that all cowsfurnishing milk for commercial purposes must be given the tuberculintest, you are hereby notified thatsuch tests will be made by State orFederal officials, beginning probablyabout June 5 or 6, 1922.For the initial test no fee will berequired. Registration with the CityHealth officer, giving name and address of owner, and number of cows,must in no instance be withheld.Call at the office of Dr. A. H. Keller,City Health Officer, Rooms 5 and 6,in the Masonic Building, between thehours of 9:30 and 11:00 a. m., and1:30 and 3:30 p. mv Registrationshould begin immediately followingthe notice. Those failing to complywith the above order will' be subjectto the provisions of the law., -s A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order of The Board.(june2-6)NOTICETO CONTRACTORSSealed bids will be received bythe undersigned untilJune 7. at 11 O'Clock, A. Iff.for the following road metal uponthe following named roads:2,100 tons of crushed rock.500 tons of rough or uncrushedrock for base course.250 tons of 3-4 inch size rock.which rock are to be placed wheredirected by the Road Commission ofBourbon County on that 1 milesof the Townsend Valley turnpikefrom Jacksonville to the ford ofTownsend Creek near the residenceof Hume Payne.The successful bidder is to beginwork within ten days after the contract is signed and is to executebond to the Road Commission forfaithful performance ofHhe contract.Each bidder will be required tosubmit with his bid a certified checkfor $100, as a forfeit in the eventhis bid is accepted and he refusesto make the "contract.A specification of the above workmay be seen at the office of the RoadCommission.The right is reserved to rejectany and all bids.)BOURBON COUNTY ROAD COMMISSION. II (may30 jumeS)iiliiThe restaurant at the .corner ofPleasant and Tenth, streets, is forrent. For terms, etc., seeTHOMAS A'HEARN.(mayl6-tf)Administratrix Notice !All persons' having claims aginstthe estate, of tfamea' Alfred Kenney,deceased, are requested to- presentsame properly proyen, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administratrix, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said James Alfred Kenney, deceased, are hereby notified to call onthe undersigned Administratrix, andmake' prompt and full settlement ofsuch indebtedness.MAGGIE WALLER,Admx. James Alfred Kenney, Dec'd.(23-3wks)NOTICETO CONTRACTORSSealed bids will bethe undersigned untilreceived byJune 7. at 11 O'Clock, A. M.for the following road metal uponthe following named roads:6,000 tons of crushed rock.500 tons of rough or uncrushedrock for base course.250 tons of 3-4 inch size rock.which rock are to be placed wheredirected by the Road Commission ofBourbon county, on the western endof the Brentsville turnpike.The successful bidder is to beginwork within ten days after the contract is signed and is to executebond to the Road Commission forthe faithful performance of the contract. Each bidder will be required tosubmit with his bid -a certified checkfor $100.00 as a forfeit in the eventhis bid is accepted and he refuses tomake the contract.J- A specification of the above workmay be seen at the office of theRoad Commissioner.The right is reserved to reject anyand all bids.BOURBON COUNTY ROAD COMMISSION. (may30 June 6)iUta! 1-N the judgment ofMtf J.those whowe are equipped by'lv ourexpennce toW serve cofrectly in ourM professional caprcity.Ppnnle are imDressedDby the dignified quality of our assistance.4444 4iM..iil.lt..iH'iI''I'''I'iii'r'I,i'll,l,'i,i,l,H',I,,l''I''''t 1 1 1 II 1 tJWe HandleElectricalElectriCgWashing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers," Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas H eatersAll Sizes! and Prices. Gas Logs -and Grates, That are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET' r . '-T cv -fllllllllllllllT""'a,V,'''V'"'"""'"''1""'","yTUESDAY; JUN t, 11iiHOUSE FOR SALEFour large rooms, hall, front andback porch, pantry and bath room,gas and lights, good cistern, housenewly painted, in excellent condition. Lot 50x142.MRS. H. C. BRADLEY,551 Vine Street.Si THE LATEST"Sweet Dreams of You," "Trixie,""Shady Lane: "Me For You,""Cherry Time," 25c each; all 6beautiful big song hits $1.ENTERPRISE MUSIC CO.,(June 2-6) Cincinnati, O.wqyMNOTICETO CONTRACTORSSealed bids will be received by theundersigned untilJune 7. at 11 O'Clock, A. M.for the following road metal uponthe following named roads:2,100 tons of crushed rock.500 tons of rough or uncrushedrock for base course.250 tons of 3-4 inch size rockwhich rock are to be placed wheredirected by the Road Commission ofBourbon County on that 1 milesof turnpike between Jacksonvilleand the Harrison county line knownas the Jacksonville and Leesburgturnpike.The successful bidder is to beginwork within ten days after the contract is signed and is to executebond to the Board Commission forthe faithful performance of the contract. Each bidder will be required tosubmit with his bid a certified checkfor $100 as a forfeit in the eventhis bid is accepted and he refuses tomake the contract.A specification of the above workmay be seen at the office of the RoadCommission.The right is reserved to rejectany and all bids.BOURBON COUNTY ROAD COMMISSION. (may30 juneG)know,All Kinds ofNovelties 1OFF. COURT HOUSE'ry - T i1IH. -jji-J-5t;j - -5"r&- iT"? Vr -.'rr?VrAfevr-"H."-.-.---'' v. -. ; wrf'.i. v- :r&r--" -- :vUi-r- . - ' r --.- i'.!" ,1 J. ' V,v irV:'AL-Jti" jj&'i'-'W vViTUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE THUS.4r -yNew Spring Colorsare produced upon, your lastyear's garments bySwiss Dyeingwhich produces a .most pleasingeffectBeautiful Pastel Shades, Lavenders, Blues, Greens, etc., are produced in most brilliant tones.Cost ds moderate.SWISSGleaners and DyersSHIP 2T PAmCSL POST TO909 SOTJTX SIXTH STREETOT7XSY3XX:, XT.WHY. ITIS CALLEDMONDAY""BIDECAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS-Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHS, -BraGHTER7,YJ$mar:iRXCL TJust HistoryWhen psychological tests showthat, far from being the worst dayin the week for work, Monday is almost the best?Tuesday is the week's high pointof efficiency as we get down to workafter he slight lassitude of Monday.This maximum efficiency lasts untilWednesday afternoon. Fatigue begins to show on Thursday, whenproduction averages 15 per cent below Tuesday's maximum. Friday isthe blue day. On Saturday we allare tired, but actually do more workunder the stimulating excitement ofthe approaching week-end and thedesire to clean up. our work.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that "you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in -almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL. SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.v o -BELIEVE IN THEMIn 7tThe Colonial DameSpun her cloth .By Candle flame.In I860 ,In Crinoline bright,She srreeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time doei pastHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho want her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light. 'Have we any boys in Paris, whoseem to dislike work regularlabor?Well, you bet we have men too.There's but we won't mention anynames. What we started to talkabout was this: We have lots ofyoung fellows here in our little oldtown, who utterly despise anythingthat savors of work that is realmanual labor.But, if you will keep your eye onone of those boys you may observethat he likes to do some particularthing more than anything else. Itmay be that he has a hobby of drawing grotesque and meaningless pictures, caricatures of the teacher orsoldiers in uniform. Did you everrealize that he may be an embryocartoonsist, Possible isn't it?PERSONALSMiss Lena Rose has returned"from a' visit to friends in Richmond.John Welsh, of Paris, has takena position as clerk in the RensingGrocery, in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Brennan,of Paris, were recent guests of relatives and friends in Mt. Sterling.H. C. Dickerson has returned tohis home in Lebanon, Ohio, after avisit to D. Y. L. Farley, in this city.Miss Hazel Arnold, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss ElizabethRule, at her home on Fithian avenue. v .Mrs. Spears Moors and littleson, Stuart Miller Moore are visit-in relatives and friends in Cincinnati.Miss Alma Louise Parrent hasreturned from a visit to Mrs. E.- T.Oldham, in Stamping Ground, Scottcounty. 'Mrs. Lindsay Moore, of Detroit,Mich., is visiting her sister, Mrs.Robert " Goggin at the HotelWindsor. 'Miss Vallette McClintock is vis-iting friends in Chicago, where sheattended the University of Illinois,the past year.Miss Phyllis Nippert, of St.Petersburg, Fla., will come to Paristhis week for a short visit with relatives and friends.Paul Jones, who has been a patient for several weeks at the Massie Memorial Hospital, has been removed to his home.-Miss Nancy Deavers has returned from school at Midway to spendthe summer vacation- with hermother, Mrs. Pearl Deavers.Miss Florence Wilson and Mrs.Whittington Mann and childrenhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Cincinnati.Miss Fannie Heller, of the University of Kentucky, spent theweek-end with her parents, Mr. andMrs. P. M. Heller, on Second street.: Prof, and Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrickentertained the members of theParis High School faculty recentlyin a most delightful manner at theirhome.Mrs. W. W. Forman, of NewYork, is visiting Mr. and Mrs. JoVarden and other relatives in thiscity. Mrs. Forman was before herParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)FARMERS8TRADERSPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916 Js -CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00Tf fhaf rxr hormone r Yo vnnrs.A- ,M,i- oi,i ; ai, f marriage Miss Mary Parks, of Paris.' I Miss Nell Robbins, Miss Marycourse, you will insist that he getLouise Llllardf and tne latter.shis lessons. But let him play at his mother, Mrs. . Liliard, of Lawrencehobby, whether it be motors or burg, spent Sunday as guests of Mrs.pictures or any of the innumerable Hedges Rash, in North Middletown.what-nots. Mrs j T Martin is visiting herDaniel Webster hated mathemat-' granddaughter, Mrs. Keith Phillips,ics but he loved law and he became in Atlanta, Ga. At the conclusiona great orator and statesman. Hor-!of her visit there Mrs. Martin willace Greely loved to read and became leave for a visit to relatives in othera printer so he could make books, parts of the South. iEdison oh, just go down through Mrs. Alev Moir has returned tothe Hall of Fame and pick them out ( her home in Burlington, Iowa, afterfor yourself. Every man who has a short visit to her former schoolbeen a big success has had a hobby . mate Mrs- J- s- Douglass, in thisand has nurtured it. His work!?14- This was tnir first meetingin twenty-nve years.WINCHESTER SUN ISSUES"BOOSTER EDITION"ASA "booster edition" of 56 pages hasbeen issued b.y The Winchester Sunfor distribution by business men ofthe city on their visit to Clay City,Stanton, Torrent, Firicastle, Beattyville, Heidelberg, Pryse, Ravenna,Irvine and other Eastern Kentuckypoints to-morrow.The edition is profusely illustrated with photographs of city andcounty officials, schools and churches, prominent buildingsand businessestablishments. An excellent history of Winchester and Clark countyand their famous citizens is included in the articles on historical topics. The industries of "Winchesterher advantages and the famouscrops of the Bluegrass, not excluding the late mint julep, are coveredin articles by experts.The edition, which is full of information and gotten up in attractive style, does great credit to EditorCarl C. Robbins' and his efficientstaff, -whose photographs, with thatof the plant, are among those reproduced.Congress has a bill before it providing for the purchase of a collection of butterflies. How would it dofor Congress to adjourn and go outand catch a collection?RaniCapital "...". $15t,Hf.iSurplus and Profits 122,5H.i-Stockholdsrs' Liabilities 15f .Hi .Protection to Depositors $422,5H.HEstablished 1851 .Peoples Deposit" CS, Trust Co.' " Paris, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITV'OFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, PrssidentGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres.ROBT. METEER. Vlce.Pres.C. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pres.-CashierGEO.'L. DOYLE.Assiseant CashitrVPatronize Bourbon News Advertisersis his play.This is not intended to encour-The Misses Thomas, of Frank-age our boys to neglect their sudies. ' fort, and Miss Emily Thomas, ofBut we'd like to see the fathers and Augusta, ,Ga., have returned to theirmothers of Paris study their sons', homes after a visit to Mrs. Cassiusnnrl finrl whwfi the hnvft' brains are M- Clay, at her country home,going ta fit, and let him know it!'Auvergne," near Paris.Misses Isabelle and Anne Cay-TVf rn-in-Hno" -Hio craffrlr1 n Tprns I, -it. 4. .! . Hamilton College, Lexington, tomurderer said he was not afraid to i ... ' . . ...n, , r. winA ,rti,i ! sPend the summer vacation withgo. Changing his mind would rts Mr nnrl Mrs Custisnrnlhlv Tint hnv rlelnvprl tho rlo- ineU Pare"lS, JUT. anU Mrs. UStlSIfM. JtJi.JJ 1 j I rrt11-.i4- y. TT mi r nt ntrnnunIdlUUll, J1L I1UU3LUU cl VC11 LIC.parture, however.OFFICERSFrank P. Riser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vic PresidentW. "W7. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:0j "a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m. -10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.z:u& p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 -p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Ticketa, single trip, or inQuantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERVINAT. no.(dec6-tf)LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4: 00. .p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Rev. Edwin Sweeney, who hasjust completed his studies at theHartford, Conn., Theological Seminary, was a guest of his mother,Mrs. John S. Sweeney. Saturday.Rev. Sweeney left Saturday nightfor Greenville, Tenn., where hepreached Sunday.Miss Elizabeth Roff, formerlyinstructor of Latin in the ParisHigh School, was a guest yesterdayof Mrs. Custis Talbott. of Houstonavenue. Miss Roff was en route toher home in Mayslick, after finishing her year's work at the head ofthe classical . department of theAshland High School..Mrs. T. R. Gardner and sister,Mrs. Jennie Lary, entertained witha luncheon at the Candle GlowInn, Lexington, Saturday. Afterthe luncheon all went to Mrs. Gardner's residence, where they were entertained for the rest of the afternoon. Among the guests were thefollowing from Paris: Mrs. W. 0.Shropshire, Mrs. W. W. Haley, Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland, Mrs. ClaySutherland, Mrs. Mary Haley, Mrs.I. C. Haley, Mrs. Kelly Haley.(Other Personals on Page 5)Organized under the provisions of the Federal Farm Loan ActThe Loan That Never Conies DueUnless and until the horrower wishes to pay itLoans on farm property on the amortization plan for a term of 40years in amounts ranging from $1,000 to $45,000, at 6. $66.46 peryear on each $1,000 of loan pays both' principal and interest."liberal prepayment privileges.No commissions no renewals.For further inf onnatioh write or callINQUIRE ATPEOPLES DEPOSIT .BANK &TRUST CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYKentucky Joint Stock Land BankStowiiy JlrutLariBgtm, leitickyOFFICERSC. N. Manning, PresidentF. H. Engelken, Vice-Pres.and ManagerJ. D. VanHooser, Vice-Pres.S .A .Wallace, Sec. and Treas.DIRECTORS ' vRobt. W. BinghamC. N. ManningL. G. CoxLouis des CognetsGeorge K. GravesF. H. EngelkenJames C. StoneJ. D. VanHooser -;John G. Stoll '. f: ..;George R. Hunt i 'Samuel H.-HalleyR. T. AndersonEdward feilliarcfjyrdrgakfd? :HagfiesJ.' Rpbt. Smith..-.Invest Your Savings WithTHE PEOPLESBUILDING & LOANASSOCIATIONINCORPORATEDAuthorized Capital$750,000Our Stock is Non-Taxableand Earns a High Rateof Interest .v.;A "Series" is always open you can join anytime, but NOW is always the best time tosave;$iyGTr . y. -r "The limit to any one individual is ; 112shares. The smallest number of shares youcan buy is one. 'G. W. WILDERPRESIDENTF. W. GALLOWAYSECRETARYOfflcts Pm pits Ptpotit Bank A Trust CompanyOfflct Haurs S a. m. ft 3 p. m.; Saturday Nights 7 tt S" '-.. ..j.V : - '1 IIirIfr& IaBl.i-lvmV"!iPirf.f.i j'.lU.fi!mWMl-IH ;-J-16:ifmm'41''.itt3km1 ivmmi-H';.3Mi.ii3"unH:ti;fi-:if-liamt:lII-- 4mH -.flraMTiTn- 2- , : -' ' " ' .4SJ W " "F ""v?J J- i- --J: X. -, W.r " . 5 " -4" . y nt"1 V1 .?'1 .rf k.. l -v x -3s-V -W-r;s2r- ife-a- "Y- - -Vi" -'" -r f -i .v- - -",.,. -4?.' "i -V l , -j5-r j- .v- Z. .- -- - "jSKTS-VSiStai .v?Pte,S.-s4f.A-- a m.ia.s' -jc. Tfc ' --.i?-L j. iia . v - - j--s'--. - - T - ."-.t'r"'PAGE FOUR.THE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKY&- TUESDAY, JUNE , 1922Millers"burg CliautauquaJune 24th to June 29t:h.r--mIHII-riu" -, -REAL ESTATE DEALSBaldwin Bros, purchased of LouisT. Lilleston the vacant lot at thecorner of Eighth and "High streets,and will in the near future erectthree business houses with apartments ahove.- .NEWfePAPEE-CHANGES-E. W. Creel -and R. M. Munford,owners and publishers of the LaurelCounty Herald-News, have purchased the Hart County News, publishedat Munfordville. Tyler Munford,son of R. M. Munford and a graduate of the School of Journalism at theUniversity of Kentucky, will be inthe office of the new purchase.9 oBIRTHSMr. and Mrs. George Pfitz arereceiving congratulations upon thearrival of a son. at their home inLexington. Mrs. Fritz was formerlyMiss Mary Brannon, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon,"lately of Paris.PUBLIC SALE-OF-JJaBlej Sheep, Com and FarmingImplementsAs surviving partner of W. H.McMillan & Company, I will sell onmy farm on the Hawkins & Cummins pike, seven miles west of Paris,Ky., on. SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1922,beginning at 10 o'clock, a. m.f 59head of 1,100 pound cattle, 300ewes and lambs, 6 Southdownbucks, I pair horse work mules, I-pair marework mules, 3 milk cows,150 barrels of old corn in the crib,1 binder, 1 mower, 1 hay rake, 1roller, 2 riding breaking blows, 2riding cultivators, cutting harrow,smoothing harrow, harness and other farming implements; two 2 -horsewagons.Terms, made known on day ofsale.W. H.McMELLAN,(6-2t) Paris, Ky.Health Board Notice!Notice To Persons Who Sell Milk InThe City of Paris"fs-Paris, Ky., June 2, 1922.- Complying with the recent ordersof the City Council, as well as aState and Federal law, that all cowsfurnishing milk for commercial purposes must be ,given the tuberculinjtest, you are hereby notified thatsuch tests will be made by State orFederal officials, beginning probablyabout June 5 or 6, 1922.For the initial test no fee will berequired. Registration with the CityHe"alth officer, giving namo and 3ddress of owner, and number of cows,must in no instance be withheld.Pall at the office of Pr. A. H. Keller,City Health Officer, Rooms 5 and 6,in the Masonic Building, between theihours of 9:30 and 11:00 a. m., and1:30 and 3:30 p.- m. Registrationshould begin immediately followingthe notice. Those failing to complywith the above order will be subjectto the provisions of the law.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order of The Board. -(june2-6)THE FAIRGIVEN AWAY FREEThe new Symphpny Cabinet Talking Machine the very acme of soundreproduction. Retails at $125.June, July and" August are considered the three dullest months inthe year. In order to inject a littlepep into business The Fair is mak-ing a" most remarkable offer, as detailed below.Come to our store and personallyaee the machine.t With each $2.00 cash purchase atxmr store we will give you absolutelyfree one key. When all keys aregiven away, the party holding thesuccessful ,key to unlock the lockwhich is on display at our store willrGive absolutely free this high-grde machime. 'tBuy your merchandise here at ourludkl "low. prices.'MAYOR JANUARY VETOES THENEWSPAPER ORDINANCEExercising the power of veto vested in him as chief executive of thecity, Mayor E. B. January, Fridayplaced his official stamp of disapproval upon the ordinance passed ata recent meeting of the Board ofCouncil, which required a license feeof $50 for the privilege of carryingon a newspaper agency, or solicitingsubscriptions or advertisements forpapers published outside of Paris.Theofficial document, which boredate of June 2, and was addressed tothe Board of Council, was as follows: "Gentlemen On May 25, youpassed a certain ordinance entitled,'An ordinance providing a licensefor carrying, on a business of a newspaper agency, soliciting subscript-ions or- advertisements tor a paper!published outside of the city ofParis, Ky., and providing a penaltyfor the violation thereof.'"By virtue of the power vested inme by the statute law of Kentuckyand the charter of the city of Paris,I hereby veto said ordinance for thefollowing reasons, to-wit:"First Because I deem said ordinance to be contrary to publicpolicy. The daily newspaper is themeans of education to the greatmasses of the public and any vtaxlevied upon such newspaper is anadditional burden to same and has atendency to deprive the general public of the cheapest and most popularmethod of circulating knowledge."Second So far as I am able todiscover, no other municipality hasundertaken to pass or enforce anysimilar ordinance.Third This license affects onlydaily newspapers which come to thecity of Paris, and while it does notin terms apply to daily papers alone,the-effect of it would be to place thisburden upon daily papers; and asthere are no daily papers publishedin this city, the papers affected bythis ordinance do not come in competition with any local enterprise."Fourth This ordinance was published in one of our local papers andpurports to have been signed by meas Mayor and attested by J. "W. Hayden, City Clerk. I did not sign theoriginal ordinance and am advisedby the City Clerk that he did not attest any copy thereof, and I cannotapprove of this unwarranted publication of this ordinance without thenewspaper first receiving authorityto publish the ame."I attach hereto a copy of saidordinance clipped from said newspaper. "Respectfully,(Signed)"E. B. JANUARY,"Mayor of Paris."EIRE DESTROYS MOVING TRUCKAND CONTENTSA large moving van, belonging toWright & Johnson, Georgetown, furniture dealers, burned about onemile from Georgetown on the Oxfordpike Saturday afternoon. The truckwas loaded with furniture belongingto Mrs.D. Courtney. It is believedthat the jar of the machine causeda match to ignite, setting fire tosome clothing. The truck and furniture were totally destroyed.QFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANMEAT A CURSE SAYS DOCTORDr. Graham Lusk, Professor ofPhysiology at Columbia University,and Dr. E. V. MacCullum, ProfessorI of Chemical Hygiene, at JohnsHopkins, Baltimore, were the principal speakers at the internationalconference of women jipctors in NewYork City. . Both these" eminent physicians said that poor people in thiscountry are under weight, that people of moderate means cannot paytheir butcher bills and that the entire nation is in danger of a scourgeof beri-beri, pellagra or 'otherplagues because of the large amount!of meat consumed in this country."Meat" Dr. Iaisk said, "is the curseof the American nation to-day andthe cause of the high cost-of living.The calories in meat only represent42 per cent, it is expensive, and a.family eliminating meat largelycould save three-fourths of the costof its food."-Dr. MacCullum, of Johns Hopkins,said that the poor especially feltthat they must have meat and thatthis diet kept them continually under weight. He told of experimentsupon animals fed on meat who grewprematurely old and - died, whileothers fed daily on green foods andfresh vegetables thrived.- ItXas Dr.MacCullum who predicted a vlslta-MATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings AnThe Days Go ByA marriage license was issued'yesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Porter A.Lawwill, 21, and Katherine Eades,21, both of Lexington. -LEAR GODMANMiss Mary Lear and Mr. Milward Godman, both of the Hutchison vicinity, were married at thehome of the officiating minister, Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian clmrch. Immediately after the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Godman left for a short wedding trip.They will reside at the home of thebridegroom, who is engaged infarming near Hutchison.RANSON ORRThe many friends in Paris andBourbon county of the contractingparties will read with interest thefollowing announcement, made recently: "Mrs. George William Ranon announces the engagement, of herdaughter, Lavalette, to Kr. James A.Orr of Paris. The wedding willtake place in the early summer ather home in Richmond, Ky."The bride-elect is a highly accomplished and very talented youngwoman, having taught in the ParisCity Schools for several years. Dr.Orr is a son of the late Rev. jr. A.Orr, one of the most prominent ministers in the Methodist church, whodied a few years ago. He is a successful practicing physician in Paris,being associated with Dr. Chas. G.Daugherty in the practice of medicine. GRADUATING EXERCISES COMMON SCHOOL GRADUATESSixty-three pupils of the coloredschools of Bourbon Countv will re-- , ,. . . ruiceive common scnooi diplomas m tneauditorium of Paris Western HighSchool, Thursday night, June 8th.-We urge all parents and friendsof these pupils to witness this veryimportant occasion.Mrs. J. M. Marcom, of -Cincinnati,will deliver the address to the graduates. Prof. J. M. McVey, County Superintendent, will deliver the diplomas.The program will begin promptly ateight o'clockAll county pupils are urged to bepresent at the Western City Schoolall of next week to make preparation.iui Liiis exerciseF. M. WOOD, Principal.PAY YOUR LICENSETHE CITY LICENSES ARE NOWDUE. CALL AT ONCE AT THEPEOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST COMPANY, AND SAVE THEPENALTIES.C. K. THOMAS,(2-tf) - City Collector.oLATONIAREADY JF0RMEETINGSPRINGLatonia is ready for the inauguration to-day of what promises to bethe most successful race meeting inthe forty years' history of th'e picturesque track. The meeting willcontinue for a period of twenty-ninedays, during which time twelve valuable stakes will be decided, including the recently instituted $50,000Kentucky Special for 3-year-olds,which was, especially framed withthe idea of bringing Morvich andother crack 3 -year-olds of the country intoaction. The total moneydistribution in stakes alone willamount to $130,00$.o ." IN ANCHORED HUTSThree hundred miles from theeastern coast of Queensland there isan islet with a coral reef fringing iton three sides. On this small dotof the Pacific, Willis Island, an important wireless experiment is beingconducted in the interests of meteorology and shipping. Captain J.K. Davis, Commonwealth Director ofNavigation, is spending Ave monthson this island with a wireless plantand two operators and they will notbe relieved jintil next April." Theisland is swept by storm andthe huts erected on it have been"anchored" with' chains so that theywill float if the islanoT"is temporarily under water, Tfie cost of thisexperiment is estimated at. Cabout$6,000.,rO-r 5 -"I feel twenty years younger," iswhat thousands have said aftrTamhuB Jtoii tftaf t&JfialthKTrUp to this time Jack Dempsey hadInot met his master but it is nowannounced that he will soon be married. Russian oil seemed to haxe anything but the traditional calmingeffect when applied to the troubledwaters at Genoa.FOUNDOn the streets of Paris a foldingstore door key. Owner can obtainsame by calling at this office, proving property and paying charges.PLANTS FOR SALELate cabbage and tomato 'plants,any size you may want, in "anyquantity desired, from- June 5 toJuly 15. Do not buy dead plants.Get them fresh from the beds.JOE LAVIN,(6-tf) 332 W. Eighth Street.Soft CollarAttachedShirts$1.00 TO $2.ii fir 3I21t 4 rSHMufmffllf frailAre You Comfortable in YourClothes This Hot Weather?.There's no reason why you shouldnit be when you can come in and select either a PalmBeach, Mohair pr Tropical Worsted Suit that insures you of being cemfortetie indcors orout. You get your money's worth out of one of these suits the fiist day you wear it andyou'll be proud of the styles, as theyre tailored light up to the minute.PALM BEACHES, TROPICAL WORSTHave You "Topped Yourself"That also adds to your comfort in hot weather and your appearance, too. Any styleyou may desire is shown in Panamas, Straws, Leghorns and Bangkoks. You can "topyourself" cheaper here than elsewhere.7thMainr-K,- yHonrie PHonLARD FOR SALEI have .for sale a large quantity ofpure country lard, at 15 cents perpound:MRS. JAMES H. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 256-W., R. F. D., No. 8.(june2 tf)WE TEACH YOU HOWFREE swimming lessons for BOYS at the Y. M. C. C. A.building, Paris. Ky., June 8-13, 2:30 to 3:30 p. m. Boys whoWant to learn to swim should register this week at the Y. M.C. A. office.C. B. HARRISON, General Secretary.P. S. Lessons for GIRLS will be given June 15-20,rlS2DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYDaintily aglow with color and youthful in every line.So comfortably cut and smartlystyled that they will meet your every inthe house and out in the yard requirement. $2.98 to $4.98Made from tub fast Ginghams-Printsand cool Jap Crenes. They are sold onlyby us. Sizes 34 to 52.MaisonetteAPRON -DRESSESmm -' -'iZ?Z?VX& 'V f00 TMk - S5.0HCopyright, 1922; A. B. Kirschbaum Companr$12.50-815.00EDS 25.00R. P. WALSHOn-Price Store44SDrink Special BlendCoffee3 pounds sent postpaid ?1,001-lb. Cocoa free.LIBERTY COFFEE, CO.(6 2t) , Covington, Ky.iSilk Shirts,NewColoringsTOin aParte, Ky.mSfM IWm$7.50MOHAIRS $18.00STMfta't IT,itTMUe: is IpoUL y atfg6bd dntc-S 'A-r1UMHfcs,v--wdri?""&. :4ica. - . v " -? --'-. .'-- v-Ate- - ; -10JV i4:La . "SVC .-- -l": t -j ,j. r X. IrSj-, '" . .-X.Vrf- r- .. ' L V. "" - "in, " -;?y J?l-- v '-V- -- - " sQr" "&i.-"" ..: . i. . -c -T-? . "" - "3 -& JzSX iL .i3. ':- '.-i,-ST , -a. -e .--rrrVr- -I t J-C- tV5..-. - ii."'..C. !r - " .V"-r-ts -TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1922iTHE bourbon news, pris, kktuckyPAGE FIVERELIGIOUS-(20jIl3-"GIFTS THAT LAST"SPOET HATSANOTHER NEW SHIPMENT OFSPOET HATS IN SILK AND PELTJUST IN. MOSTLY $5.00.PEANH & CO.oEXPERIENCEIs 36 years' experience worth anything to you. H. N. Horine, painting, graining, enameling etc. HomePhone 475, Paris, Ky.PLAYGEOUNDS OPEN JUNE 12According to a statement madeSaturday afternoon by Dr. M. H.Dailey, president of the CommunityService, the Paris public playgrounds will open on Monday, June12, under supervision of Miss GraceCruckshank, of Lexington, who hasbeen secured as local director. MissCrucksharifc will be assisted in herwork by a corps of assistants, whowill be named later.PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonEnow and Others YonDon.A Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles For iTesent andPntnreSTOCKHOLDERS ELECT DIRECTORSAt a meeting of the stockholdersof the Bourbon Building & LoanAeenrfatinn. held in the offices ofthe Peoples-Deposit Bank, Saturdaynight the following Board of Directors was elected to serve during1922: H. A. Power, George Batterton, E. B. January, James Daugherty, R. F. Gleudenin, J. T. Tucker,Houston Rion and A. B. Waddell.oGRADUATION GIPTSNEWEST NOVELTIES PORGRADUATION.(26-tf) SHIRE & PITHIAN.oPARIS HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNIBANaUETThe annual alumni banquet at theY M. C. A. Thursday, June 8, 7 p.m. It is your duty as a graduate ofthe Paris High School to honor theschool by attending this one reunion. Notify Mrs. Taylor Chandler,Secretary, so your plate can be reserved. The Bourbon County Women's Club are serving the banquetthis year. Call the secretary atonce.o-PORTY-CENT. TAX VOTEDAt the recent meeting of theBourbon Fiscal Court the Court vpted to raise the tax rate in Bourboncounty from twenty-five cents toforty cents on the one hundred dollars, as recommended by the CountyBoard of Education. The forty-centrate will apply on the assessment of$23,000,0000 worth of taxable property in Bourbon county. PreviouslyBourbon was one of the five countiesin the State whose rate "was as lowas twenty-five cents a hundred.ATTENTION, BUYERS!.Call and inspect our stock andprices at the Turner & Claytonstand. Complete line of groceries,vegetables and fruits. Your patronage appreciated.TAUL & STONE.Phones Tenn. 872, Home 399.?oPOR THE GRADUATE.ALLOW" US TO HELP IN YOURGIFT' SELECTION.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oPICTURE PROGRAM AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday, June 6 FamousPlayers-Isasky present Marion Davies, in "The Bride's Play;" Serial,"Miracles of The Jungle;" SnubPollard Comedy, "Hot Off ThePress."Tomorrow, Wednesday, June 7,Mabel Ballin in "Jane Eyre,"from the famous novel by thatname; Jimmie Aubrey, in comedy,"A Charmed Life;" Pathe News.Thursday, June""8 Bebe Daniels,in "One Wild Week;" CharlesHutchison, in serial, "Go Get 'EmHutch;" Movie Chats and Topics ofThe Day,oBOURBON COUNTY GARDENCLUBSquire L. J. Fretwell is able tobe out after an illness of two weeks.Miss RosaMae Carr is improving after a severe attack of tonsilitis. Miss Alice Bridwell, daughterof Mrs. Stella Bridwell, is improving after a recent operation for appendicitis.Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock andMiss Kate Alexander have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. -Arthur Flesh,at Piqua, Ohio.Rev. and Mrs. J. J. Rice and little daughter, Suedelle, arrived yesterday for a visit to Mrs. Rice's father, Dr. John T. Brown, on Mainstreet.Hev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis attended the commencement exercisesof Hamilton College, of Lexington,where their daughter,- Miss MaryEllis, is a graduate.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. McCoy havemoved from Kansas City, Mo, to St.Louis, to reside permanently. Mrs.McCoy was formerly Mrs. MattieGreen Isgrigg, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford,of Paris, were among the guests entertained at luncheon Sunday byMr. and Mrs. James M. Robb, attheir home near Lexington.Dr. and Mrs. Robert M. Coleman, of Lexington, and guests, Mrs.Cora Brown O'Fallon, of St. Louis,and Charlton Cloy, of Paris, motoredto Louisville for the week-end.-Miss Lillian Berkley has returned from the Midway School,where she has been a student, tospend the summer vacation with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Berkley,near Paris.Mrs. John Flanagan, who hasbeen in ill health for several weekshas as guest her brothe, J. V.Tully, and her sister, Mrs. J. B. Cox,of "Weston, West Va., at her home onHouston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Griffin andson, Russell, of Louisville, and Mr.and Ernie Fleming and Miss GraceGriffin, of Covington, have returnedto their homes after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. T. B. Berkley, near Paris.Miss Nancy K. Roberts, ofWashington, D. C, is visiting relatives in this section. Miss Robertsformerly resided in Paris, where herparents, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Roberts, had charge of the FordhamHotel.Mrs. Rosa Dee Megibben, ofCynthiana, who has been criticallyill for several days, has been takento St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, for treatment. Mrs. Megibbenis a sister of Mrs. Taylor T. Chandler, of Paris.Mrs. Roger Lillard and daughter, Miss Sarah Louise Lillard, ofLawrenceburg, and Miss Belle, ofTupelo, Miss., and Miss Gladys Seay,of Transylvania College, wereweek-end guests of Mrs. MagnusRash, near North Middletown.Miss Elizabeth Kenney hasclosed her work as head of the history department of the High SchoolZJuke. North Carolina, and has 'returned to Paris to spend the summer with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Robert P. Kenney, on South Mainstreet.Miss Stella Stephens, formerlya member of the Paris High Schoolfaculty, who has been teaching thisyear in the Lagrange, Georgia, HighSchool, has returned to Mt. Sterling,to spend the summer with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles B.Stephens. Miss Stephens has beenre-elected member of the faculty ofthe Lagrange school for next year.Frankfort correspondence Sunday Courier-Journal: "Miss EmilyThomas, of Augusta, Ga., is hayinga lovely visit with her aunts, "theMisses Thomas, on Washingtonstreet.. The announcement of theengagement of Miss Thomas to Mr.Cassius Clay, of Paris, has but recently been made and the marriagewill be an event in society in theSouth."(Other Personals on Page 3)oThe Woman's' Missionary Society of -the Methodist church, willhold its regular monthly meeting atthe church, this afternoon at -.2:30o'clock. Afull attendance is desired, as business of importance is tobe transacted..The Presbyterian church willhave an all-day picnic Friday, in thebeautiful woodland of W. T. Buck-ner. The picnic grounds are just offthe Middletown pike. The "Refreshment" Committee, under the leadership of Mrs. James Dodge, is plan-ning-plentyto eat. The Entertainment Committee, with RudolphDavis and Mrs. J. C. Nickerson asleaders, gurantee a good time foryoung and old. Garrett Jefferson ismanager of transportation. Thosewho will have spare room in theircars are requested to call Mr. Jefferson. Those who wish to go buthave no way will be provided for ifthey call Mr. Jefferson. All -themembers of the Presbyterian churchor Sunday School are invited. Don'tforget the time, Friday, June 9.Don't forget the place, W. T. Buckner's farm.The Young Woman's MissionCircle of the Christian church willhold a meeting in the church parlors this (Tuesday) afternoon, at2:30 o'clock. As this will be the lastmeeting for the year, a full attendance of the members is urged,oICE CREAM - -DELIVERED AT ALL HOURS,IN ANY PART OP CITY. PUREAND WHOLESOME. PER GALLON, $1.75; HALE GALLON, $1";QUART 60 CENTS; BRICK, THREECOLORS, 70 CENTS PER QUART.CUMB. PHONE 7; HOME PHONE37.BENEDETTI & CO.(26-tf) NEXT ALAMO.oJUNE COURT DAYfin nf the verv dullest "court"days" was that of yesterday. Withnearly every farmer in the countyand all of his hands busy as birddogs with the farm work, there wasa very small crowd in town, andbusiness was on the blink as far as"court day" was concerned. A fewhorses changed hands at moderateprices, and the "traders" did a smallbusiness on Jockey Row. Businesswith local merchants was almost nil.oOlFPICE MOVEDThe next meeting of the BourbonCounty Garden Club will be heldwith Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis, atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasH. Clay, Sr., on Pleasant street this(Tuesday) afternoon, at threeo'clock, instead of Thursday, aspreviously announced. lMembers areurged to be present. The followingprogram will be given:"Ordering of Bulbs for Discount,"Mrs. George W. Clay; "Nightblooming Flowers," Dr. Martha Petree;"Fragrant Flowers," Mrs. CharltonAlexander; A Selection, Mrs. BenBuckner.Reference: Chapter 11, in "Con-;tent In a Garden," pages36-27, alsoThe Month's Reminder. ExhibitionRoses. .F. S. Elder, Paris agent for theNational Life and Accident Insurance' Company, has moved his officesfrom 710 Main street to Room 4, inthe Masonic Building corner ofMain street and Bank Row.oNEW HOUSE POR SALENEW 7-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS; LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)REGISTRATION DAYS JULY 10-11Every person m Bourbon countyof voting age will have to registeron July 10 and 11, the regular registration days. This applies to everyvoter in the city and county. Heretofore, only the towns had registration days, but a new law passed bythe recent Legislature makes registration of the ,voters universal.Don't forget 'these dates!CHERRIES AND RED RASPBERRIESPhone us your order.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.SERVICE 0PPERED"LINEOUR GRADUATION GIPTIS COMPLETE.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.USEFUL GUTSLODGE NOTESkM. H. H. Davis, of Paris, left Friday night for Los Angeles, Cali., asdelegate from Kentucky to the annual Imperial Council of the Shriners on June 7, 8 and 9. Mr. Daviswas accompanied by the followingmembers of Oleika Temple, of Lexington: Gus Heyman, Fred Bryant,John Kinkead, IV. L.-Walsh andSteven Vaughn.. The party joined adelegation of Shriners at Louisvillefor the trip to the coast.Kentuckians in California have organized the Kentucky HospitalityCommittee -to welcome Shriners attending the forty-eighth annual session of the order, to be held in SanFrancisco on JuIjT13, 14 and 15.Among them are quite- a number offormer Paris and Bourbon countypeople. 'SPECIALTHIS WEEKPINE DRESSGINGHAMSBeautiful Selection15c per yardATTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main Streetsparis; ky.OrTamlac build up the Kweak,- TuaW. K. KearneyWELL DRILLERPhone No. 80VERSAILLESpKTy,JmUrn V f7 SjT ill UKyxA ' -l luft pcl JlliyyB! W B LOCH I'PliPifii W SUMMER Iffihmm xy CLOTHES JMAWhat is Moore Cooling ForA Day in JuneThana Palm Beach, Mohair or -TropicalWorsted Suit? We have them in all sizesand many models$10.00 to $22.50We also have the other necessaries for thehot summer months.IEWISTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and Save, iWE ARE SHOWINGLIVING ROOM SUITESIn many designs at most reasonable prices.-Let lis serve you.Have You Heard the NewCOLUMBIA RECORDHIT?Buy it now. Columbia Grafonolas are the best Talking Machines.There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machpHINTONCQEITHERfHOMC U4PAItIS, KENTUCKYMs JL " "- ". UXTVMMMMN5--fps.-.,-r'.-?IwviiilBRACELET'?". 'J-? - xL. -jX, "" . i ."a1 1 mm - rIlbPiSix.7nd Kjt:jHTVaCr wraj ' "-. rr - ; .Z1(.tf)mix avte4 fgmt"'mf:rftMjttj- -i--jwiVrtem 'anfl..ke 7u. XeX3 i L j " VZW w. ..i m, --7- j; 3j5Spr.i-w " .r. VH .-i- fcj t -".. -l riz - l r- - -. - w jj-. y -'--jjiTS' J"-k,"Bv " " T- ., 2JJne!Z "" Tl" . . . ," - zrx - - VA'u--.f.s - THE BOURBON! NEWS. PARIS,KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JUNE VftW rniPAGE SIXl?.BIG LOST LAKE IN NEVADADuring comparatively recent geologic times a great lake flooded amumber of the valleys in northwestern Nevada. This lake has now almost completely disappeared, hutgelogists has named it, in its entirety," Lake Lahonton, in honor ofBaron La Hontan, one of the earlyexplorers of the headwaters of theMississippi. At the time of itsgreatest expansion, according to theUnited States Geological Survey, Department of the Interior, this ancientlake covered 8,400 square miles.The deepest part of Lake Lamontan, which was. 880 feet deep, wasthe site of the present Pyramid Lake,one-of its remnants, so that its surface stood about 500 feet above thesurface of Pyramid Lake. The ancient lake had no outlet except theone that led straight up, its waters. being dissipated entirely by evaporation. A large area a few miles north of- Winnemucca, Nev., is covered with.sand dunes that were formed sinceake Lahontan disappeared. Thesedunes are fully 75 feet thick, andtheir steeper slopes are on the eastside, indicating that the whole vastfield of sand is slowly traveling eastward. The march of this sand is irresistible, and its progress in theroads in the southern part of Little Humbolt Valley during recentyears. In some places in this regionthe telegraph poles have been buriedso deep that they have had to bespliced in order to keep the wiresabove the crest of the sand dunes.The sand is of a light, creamy-yellow color and forms beautifullycurved ridges and waves that arecovered with an artistic network ofwind ripples.oA Chicago moonshiner was discovered making booze out of acorns.That's the kind of stuff that makesdrinkers nutty.HEKHED COMPLIMENTrTO NOTED EDUCATORThe May issue of the SouthernSchool Journal contains a very complimentary sketch of McHenryRhoads, State inspector of highschools, saying in part: "This time,it seems the office is going a-seekingthe man; or at least that' the twopolitical parties in Kentucky are going to be very careful in theirchoice of educational standard bearers. During K. E. A. there was hearda seemingly spontaneous expressionof choice among the Democraticschool folk there assembled, for McHenry Rhodes to stand for nomina,tion at the- hands of his party, thiswas met at every corner; talked ofby folk who seemed to have justthought of it, but to be increasingin enthusiasm as they held the idea.Not strange, either; McHenryf Rhoads has lived and -labored forbetter, schools for a long time, andhas been true to his trust .and to hisfriends at all times."True Sayings."The love that causes two heartsto bent as one does not guarantee acontinuous performance' wrote thelate Edgar Saltus. He also made thistrue observation: "Life is packed wTfBdelights which the majority of usnever enjoy. The world is full ofi charming people whom few of usever meet."Cherries Lead Bacteria Test., A scientist has succeeded in calcuating the number of bacteria in cer:ain fruits. He found a million inlalf a pound of gooseberries, eight milions in half a pound of grapes, and:welve millions in half a pound of.berries.-Practice Serenity.whMi a woman says she will be.ready in a minute, hang up your hatand find something to read..- JBACKACHE ISA WARNING !Paris People Should Not NeglectTheir KidneysBackache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened 'kidneys. To cure the pains and aches,to remove the lameness when itarises from weakened kidneys, youmust, reach the cause the kidneys.If you have pain through the smallof your - back, urinary disorders,headaches, dizzy spells, or are nervous and depressed, start treatingthekidneys with a tested kidney remedy. Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak" kidneys. Doan's have beenused in kidney trouble for over 50years. Read Paris testimony.Thomas A'Hern, proprietor restaurant, 927 Pleasant street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pills "are all rightand I recommend them highly. Iused Doan's-some time ago when mykidneys were out of order and myback ach'ed just over my kidneys. Ihad dizzy spells and felt sleepy. 1lacked ambition to dp my work. Assoon as I began using Doan's KidneyPills,, which I got at Oberdorfer'sDrug Store, I got relief and threeboxes cured me."- Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask fora kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the - samethat Mr.- A'Hern had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs.,, Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)It seems to be the Genoa viewthat open covenants openly arrivedat shall not be permitted to interfere with quiet little agreementsmade on the side.-&rNWhat is so RareJuneasDaymAll Out-Doort In Its Gloryis interested inJ2XIiEvery Woman and MissSummer Apparel.This store is in a splendid positron to serve you atthis time.Your visit will be both profitablyand enjoyable."If you contemplate taking a tripto the mountains or seashore youwill find here. just' the things youare looking for.If you are going to remain athome you will be comfortablyand daintily dressed by takingadvantage of the selection ourgreat assortments afford.Dresses, Suits, Wraps, Blouses,Skirts, Summer Furs, Millinery,Lingerie; Hosiery, Gloves,Bathing Suits, Sweaters,Shoes, Dress Accessoriesof every descriptionOur rest room is very home like.It is for you when you visitCincinnati.WELCOMEiff; mtiwIIS JkT""cliSBiHI I' r Sielili 1 iJv iK. 1NVATI'ft aHKATSTQfmy(aC4MCITS, VOUMIBft llffffCINCINNATI, OHIOWe Have a Large Stock of Monuments onHand Ready to DeliverWe have reduced the prices on those on hand and ive guarantee to give quality andbetter prices than anyone from any where Come and see and be convinced. No 'duplicate! at these prices. v , -THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.., .-,'.-..Awl4,,ifr5Jrrj.-f .-h'l'iWCp -SSSftO f i' "M9mParis. KvI J WFz$fREPTILES OWNSIXTH SENSEFamous Zoo Curator SaysSnakes Are Endowed With' Startling Intelligence.POSSESS VERY KEEN EYESIGHTDistinguish Sound by Their Tongues.and Scales Sense of Taste VeryAcute Tells of Lizard ThatWalks on Water.New York. When next you meet asnake -in the woodsor fields do not,as you leap nimbly out of reach, giveway to thoughts of loathing )and contempt. Snakes are extremely usefulmembers of society even the poisonous ones and they are endowed withfar more intelligence than they getcredit for, according to Raymond L.Ditmars, curator for reptiles at theBroux zoo. ---Also, Mr. Ditmars told 60 or 70 menand women, members of the ReptileStudy society, at the sixth annualdinner of the organization, that snakesmierht even have a sixth sense, anattribute tnat-man camiqt even gauge,for human beings have to be contentwith only five."There is a "possibility that snakesare far superior to any supposition regarding their attainments," said Mr.Ditniars. "Though their ears haVedeteriorated, we know that they hearquite well. They are sensitive to soundon their tongues and on the scales ontheir bodies. Their eyesight is wonderfully keen, especially for moving objects. They have a marvelous sense oftaste and of smell.Investigate Pit Vipers. -"Science Is now investigating thevarious species of pit vipers for proofof another snakish sense that as yetwe know nothing about. A pit- viper,you know, has a strange organ In theskull, a deep pit which is lined withmicroscopic nerves all joining a mainnerve that goes straight to the brain.Science has not yet fathomed the useof this pit. It may be that snakesare actually superior to man. with asixth sense we can't even gauge, forwe do not have It."The dinner at which Mr. Ditmarsmade this assertion was held at thCafe Boulevard. The average personwho attended the dinner would getsomething of a shock to find the guestspassing around two or three-footsnakes in bunches and longer fellowssingly, handling the reptiles as thoughthey were interesting curios or relics.While these snakes, which, of course,are all harmless, were crawling aroundthe necks and shoulders of men andwomen, a member of the society,Arthur H. Glllam, brought out a bag.He got a wide space despite the general craning of necks for In that bagwere rattlers and Tattlers are rattlers.even to the enthusiasts of the ReptileStudy society.As Gillam cautiously unwound thecord from the bag a hissing, buzzingsound filled the room. Nevertheless,Mr. Rattler was left loose on the floor,a forked stick pinning his neck beforehe could wriggle an inch. Then Gillam took him by the scruff of theneck (if snakes have scruffs) as achild picks up a kitten. The venemousreptile held thus was passed aroundfor Inspection.A "cotton mouthed" moccasin wasthen put on display. Another snakethat received a great deal of attention,being allowed to recline on the speaker's table at the start of the dinner,was an eight-foot boa constrictor.Boas, it was said, make great petsand are absolutely harmless, so longas they are not too big. Then a playful queeze might crush the ribs o"f aman or woman, as an inquisitive childcrushes a beetle.Lizard Walks 9n Water.Professor E. R.Dunn of Smith College told of experiences with snakes inCentral America and Mexico."At a water hole," he said, "we sawa two or three-foot lizard that stoodupright when tit saw us and ran to thewater. Without pausing it kept Tight onrunning and crossed the water hole ontop of the water. I hardly expect anyof you to believe this, but it is true.The lizard had webbed feet that carriedIt over the water at top speed. Ofcourse, he couldn't stop or turn aroundon the water, but must keep goingahead."Edward F. Bigelow, editor of Guideto Nature, described snakes as the"sweetest, loveliest things in creation."The purpose and object of the Reptile Study society, as set forth in theirprospectus, is to educate "everyoneeverywhere about the life histories ofreptiles snakes, crocodiles, lizards,turtles and tortoises, and amphibiansfrogs, toads and salamanders." Thesociety aims to "benefit mankind andthese animals by substituting intelligent consideration and kindness torignorant dread and atrocious cruelty."It was said by members at the dinnerthat the fear of snakes was not instinctive, as generally believed, but.was inculcated in children by -scaredgrownups.Genuine!Now att allDealersCarries Gillette guarantee ofquality and serviceA genuine Gillette RazorUses the same fine Gillette BladesYou get "Brownie" and 3 Bladesfor$lTheBroivnieCjMetieGILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO., Bostoa, U.5.A.VNo blades like the genuine Gillette BladesMADE IN U.S.A."Gillette'KNOWN TOE -VVORUJ OVERoNO.STROPPINGo134oNOHONINGKMADE - -IM U.S.A.nfiH1CtlC"KNOWN THE --"WORID CVCfcoNOSTROPPINGo134ONOHONING'vrHOQM 'with 3genuineGillette BladesPAT. NOV. 15. 19046U.ET7o o oNOT TO BE RESHARPENEOiiFive-Minute Toll Messagesr'" The initial period on station-tc-station messagesFIVE minutes where the" toll rate is 25 cents or less.isUSE HOME LONG DISTANCEParis Home Telephone! & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedVicFor Your PorchPotted FernsLovely Swinging Fern Baskets30HN CHRISMANCO.- FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Both PhonesWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND KOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed(tf)"iiatitiMati!f10-Cent Bounty for Purcupine.Annapolis Royal, N. S. The lowlyporcupine is on the run in NovaScotia, with" Frank J. D. Barnjum .ofthis town hot on its trailOn the ground that the porcupineis destroying the'foregts, Barnjum hasoffered, a bounty of 10 cents for theKnout of each one killed during thefpresent month, with $100 additioaal totb hunter wfcb captw rt UcgertTHE TTNIVERS AL CARDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford Motor'Co., effective January 16, 1922Chassis.., :$285Runabout 319Touring Car 348Truck Chassis 430Coupe .... 580Sedan 645(F. O. B. DETROIT)roii cqMpAnv& tv BJfi i-JV' .. u"t .yTUESDAY, JUNJC-Om3ME BOURBON- NEWS ABIgrKflNTOOKE&i wrVErr?---i-(is'K$fcdtw, :. t .... j- ---.--.-- xi. v-z--; riiw ii rVOTE SWINGING-?- i i-"t . .......M.....IM,....ISAY "BAYER" when you buy Aspirin.Unless you see. name "Bayer" on tablets, you are notgetting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians over 22 years and proved safe by millions forColds Headache RheumatismToothache Neuralgia NeuritisEarache Lumbago Pain, PainAccept only "Bayer" package which contains proper directions.Handy "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Also bottles of 24 and 100 Druggists.Aspirin Is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoacetlcacldester of SallcylicacldBURLEY ASSOCIATION TO MAKESTOCK ISSUEing for theother.association, on theAn issue of seven hundred thousand dollars of perferred stock in theTarious wareho using corporationssubsidiaries of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operatice Associationwill be offered the coming week togrowers of the district. It is thewish of President James C. Stoneand the directors of the association that growers be given thefirst opportunity to subscribe for thestock and . banks throughout theburley district vv ill receive subscriptions. The preparations for the issue arein the hands of fiscal agents, JamesC. Wilson & Company, the wellknown stock brokers of Louisville,who will advertise the issue in all Jthe newspapers of the gurley district this week. The stock subscriptions must be in the hands ofthe fiscal agents or of the association by June 15. as the warehouseproperties are to be taken over as ofthat date, under the warehouse contracts signed by the former owners-on the one hand and Director ofWarehouses Ralph M. Barker, act-The stock, in order to make it attractive even to the smallest grower, will be issued in denominationsof $10 up, thus giving every groweran opportunity to own some of thestock. It will pay 8 per cent, guaranteed dividend, the main association being the guarantor of bothprincipal and dividend, and shouldprove, in the opinion of bankers ofthe district, an attractive investment. Nearly 500 additional contractswere received the past week at theoffices of the Field Service Divisionof the Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association, AssistantChief William Collins reported Saturday. The exact numberwas 4S6.Assistant Manager James A. Dixon,of the Huntington, West Virginiadistrict, said that 187 contracts hadbeen signed in that territory. These,however, had not been received atthe Field Service Division offices,and, theiefore, were not included inthe week's report of contracts received.Political evolution has developeda type of man who might be calledthe "vote swinger." He is a fellowwith a taste for politics, a gift ofgab, and an ingratiating manner. Hekeeps his ear to the ground all theyear, knows the underlying movements, and is always dropping seedsof opinion to be harvested later on.Saloon keepers formerly used to beprominent as vote swingers. Anyman who keeps any form of gossipcenter, or who is a "mixer" andmingles with maay people, or whomerely takes a keen interest in politics, may sway the political opinionsof more or less people, and such influ.ence.may be exerted for goodends. The vote swinger poses as agood citizen, interested in politicsfor good purposes. But the opportunity is too tempting for those whohave other motives. The man whoacquires political influence, has inthe past found that "his power isfrequently salable, often for cash, orfor considerations equally valuable.The inexperienced Candidate is usually told that he must get "next"to the vote swingers, and ascertainwhot they can do for him. This isa trying experience for the novicewho wants to do things on thesquare. If -he secures their effortson his behalf, there usually has tobe a reckoning at some future date.Commonly the compensation expected is some appointment to office.Candidates make a mistake in taking the vote swinger too seriously.The block of votes which he controls may be largely his bluff. Whileit is an uphill fight to ignore theseheeler politicians, yet a vigorouscampaign of publicity and direct appeal to the people can do it..ADDING MACHINE EOLIS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.That excitable Russian who shotat Premier Lenine should be dealtwith severely. He didn't hit him.It would be a shame to convictbanker Morse again and put him toall t'he trouble of getting anotherpardon.?--s-"TBfaLPi-iiiJ"at$1785 F. O. B. FactoryThe Special 6-55 Sport-TouringA patrician motor car with every appointment found in the .finestautomobileAnd, with all this the certainty of Buick performance, Buick sturdiness and Buick power.The Special Sport -Touring is built in response to the demand of themotorist who seeks Buick's kind of motoring with the intimatecomfort and refinement of the sport design.Nominally four passengers are accommodated in the roomy bodybut five can ride.The Special Sport-Touring is finished in dark Buick maroon withwheels to match which with the beautiful trimming, binding andfinish give this special model its tailored appearance.The demand for this handsome model at 'the remarkably low pricewill tax factory production 'to the limit See us immediately fordetail specifications and delivery dates.Additional Equipment of the Special Sport-TouringXrl'Khaki top and adjustable sunshade;windshield wiper; mirroscope; glasscovered instruments; gasoline gauge ondash; clock, cigar lighter; handsomenickel-bound luggage trunk mounted onpermanent base; Buick design drum-typehead and cowl lamps; front snubbers;carpets in both front and rear compartments; walnut steering wheel; heavilynickeled radiator, step plates, guard railsand all other fittings; Tuarc steel wheelsbuilt to Buick specifications are optionalequipment at an added cost of $50.00 ifinstalled at the factory; extra .tires or tirecovers not included. G-42K-0os. bXll garageRourtti and Pleasant SireetB. -" -t wi-aw-fc. .li Oiinjiilimi iWV 'Til, inn ifSi nmHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT. BUICK WIU,.BUnJD-3HEM$Surgeon Cuts Extra HeadOff of BoyBorn With TwoBrussels. A report to belngmade to the Belgian Academyof Medicine of a remarkablesurgical operation performedby Chief Surgeon Gianolla at theJumet hospital in the village ofTergnler, when an abnormalsecondary head on a boy born aweek ago was successfullyamputated. The remaining headof the boy As normal. The oneremoved was larger and malformed....... ,"......... ............FUR SEALS GO NORTHMigration" Begins for Rendezvousin the Bering Sea.Herd Leaves South Pacific Watersand Follows the Western Coastsof United States, BritishColumbia and Alaska.FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMI-SS HOLLADAYBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 - West Fifh StreetXPort Angeles, Wash. The Pacific furseal herd is on the move.The annual migration to the northward has begun, and the vanguardsoon will appear off the coasts ofWashington and British Columbia,leading the way to the summerrendezvous on the, Priblloff islands inthe middle of Bering sea.All winter long the seals have beenscattered through the South Pacific,but as spring approaches the matinginstinct turns their heads to the Northand they converge towarcUthe California coast and then follow their timeworn groove along the western coastsof the United States, British Columbia and Alaska, the milestones of theirroute being the deep sea fishing banks,where succulent salmon, halibut andother fish keep them sleek and fat.Few, If any, other animals are socarefully pampered and nursed byUncle Sam, and except tor such fostering the fur seal probably now wouldbe an extinct animal. With the exception of a small colony that summers on the Commander islands, offthe coast of Kamchatka, Siberia, theherd which propagates on the Pribilofs is the only fur seal herd knownto be in existence.When Alaska was purchased fromRussia, the seals on the Prlbilof islands numbered, according to- variousofficial estimates, from two to five million animals, but due to t ruthless operations by sealers of many nationsthe herds were decimated -annually.The United States government, yearafter year, endeavored to negotiatetreaties for the protection of the sealsand in 1S91 a measure of success wasobtained in a-treaty with Great Britain which practically eliminated Canadian sealers.The massacre of the herds continued, however. Numerous schoonersflying the Japanese flag annuallyreaped a rich harvest, and the Japanese government steadfastly refusedto interfere with the enterprise. Finallv. in 1911. when the herds by unrestrained pelagic sealing had been reduced to approximately 250,000 animals, the efforts of the United Stateswere rewarded and a treaty amoiigfour nations Russia, Great Britain,Japan and the United States wasnegotiated, to continue in force for15 years.This agreement prohibited any oithe nationals of the signatory powers from taking seals at any timeanywhere, with the provision, however, that agents of the United Statesmight take a few thousand skins eachyear from bachelor males summeringon the Pribilofs. This does not interfere with the propagation of theherds. By the terms of the treatythe United States not only amply rewarded the nations for any loss sustained by their na'onals, but agreedto give annually 15 per cent of theproceeds of the skins taken from thefew animals killed.8B 'fmmlMHHI V I23Si ' " r J F "U , 1i3SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!TTT',1 It .1 1 . . A1 YYiin an tne latest lmDrove- aifff' merits in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are 33 prepared to do work infe-v rior to none, and solicit itX$ your patronage. IThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyM 1 1 1 1 1 M 'lMMg"fr'M"M''M''l"l"GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 3T 299fllllltll'Htt-tHI'ttt"" """'" miNEW YORK? IT'S IN THE ALPSSwiss Peasant, Sending Telegram, In-.sists on It and ThenProves It.. Geneva, Switzerland. A peasanthanded in a telegram of a few wordsat a branch telegraph office for his.wife in New York and placed a francon the counter for payment.The clerk asked whether the wirewas really meant to be sent to NewYork and proceeded to make' the calculation. When the comparatively largesum required was announced to thepeasant, he protested loudly and insisted that New -York was in Switzerland. - So it was found to be, but it took,-long md patient search through alarge ancient volume to discover thatthere is a New York in Switzerland,an Alpine hamlet of fifty inhabitantsnot far from Lucerne.Moss Ruins Wool.Centralia, Wash. Sheep came infor shearing from sheds on the rangesof Lincoln creek with a luxuriantgrowth of moss on their backs. During thewinter the flocks were permitted the liberty of feeding in theopen country. The wool becamedrenched in the misty rains ana,, mixedwith the soil of the feeding pens,formed the basis for the formation ofthe mos. According to local buyersthe sheep, so affected, cannot besheared as the .fleeces are, so damaged,as not to be worth the exptnif. Thewool will be allowed to tUe amd ahadoff assature designed.GET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Bon't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.Wt Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Haye Your Spring WorkSKANE BROS,CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phcne 1087 Home Phone 399J WMPLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING! m "RSmall Chick FeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROM&.&?R. F. COLLIERi.ifi".Hl - -r-wjk''-4 i;, -S5.LiMf vVV I-VkttJ 1J-llUi .4Jr -rJ'wv': -m"..3BOURBON TPWg? FAmKgJCKY: Vv- ir" eTUBSDAf; XTJNB t, ititPAGE EIGHTTHE,y"VMil llll-l H 1. M 1 mIUI- WLLERSBURGtfmttwtting News Items From Bout' Hen -County's College Town. " Miss Mary McDaniel is visitingrelatives in Cynthiana.-"- lflRS "Elizabeth Mock, of Ash-XIand, is guest of Mrs. A. S. Best.Mr. C. S. Carpenter made a business trip to Toledo, Ohio, thisMies Alice Best, of Florida, is-Cuest of ner cousin, Miss Sara MillerBest.Mrs. H. C. Current is visitingJirs. Marshall Adams, in Georgetown. Misses Dorothy Bonar and Mar--jorie Howard are visiting friends in.Maysville." " Miss Bessie Mayes, of Lexington, is guest of her aunC Mrs. Letiton Vimont.Mrs. Birdie Wilson, of Cincin--mati, is visiting her mother, Mrs.Jennie Letton.Dr. Garret Judy and wife, ofLexington are visiting his brother,' O . W. Judy, and wife.Capt. Ragan, of Cold Springs," teachej: in the Millersburg' MilitaryInstitute, is a guest of friends here.Mrs. Parley Evans has returnedfrom an extended visit with her sis--ter,Mrs. Birdie "Wilson, in Cincinoiati. Mis Jewel Rogers, of Mt. Oli--vet,has returned home after a visit-with her cousin, Miss Marjorie.Bowles.Mrs. Laura Swift has returned-to her home in Birmingham, Ala.,after a visit to her sister, Mrs. J. V.- Ingels.Mrs. J. A. Farris was called tothe bedside of her daughter, Mrs.'Chas. Poer, of Covington, who is sesriously ill.Mr. J. B. Cray was guest of Mr.'E. H. Lawless, of Pasadena, Califor--. nia, at Phoenix Hotel, Lexington,Friday and Saturday.Mrs. Chas. Carrington and children, of Irvine, have returned homeafter a visit with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel.. Miss Emma Lee Berry, graduate of the Midway Orphan School, isv at home to spend the summer withr "her mother, Mrs. Emma Berry.Mr. William Welburn, of Ken-"- tucky Wesleyan College. Winchester,Is at home to spend the summerr -with his parents, Rev. and Mrs. W.' D. Welburn.Mrs. K. B. Hutchings, of Lex-. ington, is visiting her sister, Mrs.-T. D. Judy and Miss Mary Taylor.Misses Lettie and Nancy Elson,of London, are guests of their moth-,- er, Mrs. John Hill.News was. received here Fridayv -of -the death of Christine Pepper, atAsheville, N. C. She was the daugh-ter of U. S.G. Pepper, former post--- master of this place. Burial in Paris- cemetery. The following from herewere pall-bearers: Dr. C. B. Smith,Mr. Ashby Le"er and Mr. Frank' Vimont. Opera House, Millersburg,Thursday and Friday, June-8 and 9,William Fox present "A Connecticut .Yankee at King Arthur's Court."Adapted from Mark Twain's mostfamous'" noyel of same name.. Admission 17 and 27 cents.Saturday, June 10, William Foxpresents the twentieth century production, "Hickville to Broadway."Sunshine Comedy, "Perfect Villian."Admission, 10c and 20c.oi It THEATRE Ml . liMINUj mMKHfK nyUOC AI II -L l I Bh . W tmmmmmmmSSmSmSmSmlmmSSC H H S M L M H FDEATHS2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.Lift Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Mnst PayERWINMrs. Nettie Erwin, aged thirtyfive, wife of Charles Erwin, died" at6:30 o'clock Sunday evening, at thefamily home on Winnie street, following a long illness of tuberculosis.Besides her husband she is survived by three children; her mother,Mrs. Mudwheeler; one sister, Mrs.A. Humphreys, of Alexandria, Ind.;four brothers, Clarence and Daniel.Hysong, of Alexandria Ind., Millard,of Paris, and Joseph Hysong, ofFleming county.The funeral will be held at nineo'clock this (Tuesday) morningwith services at the grave in theParis, Cemetery, conducted by Rev.Arthur Fox, pastor of the ParisBaptist church.TODAY, TUESDAYFamous Players-Gasify, PresentsMARION DA VIES "THE BRIDE'S PLAY"A Cosmopolitan ProductionA romance of love and wedding day and. one of the strongest adventures that ever befell a bride! Tingling with youth and the joy oflife, tense with vivid drama, set in scenes that grow with luxury and beauty.Also "Miracles of the Jungle" and Snub Pollard Comedy, "Hot Off the Press"MABLEBALLININTOMORROW, WEDNESDAYEYRE'A beautiful picture from one of the sweetest books ever written you know .the story well-ily, they'll enjoy it!From the Famous NovelBy the Same Name.A Hodkinson Production.every one does. Come, bring the whole famFITHIANFollowing a protracted illnessdue to a complication of diseasesMiss Nellie Fitnian, aged aboutsixty, died at lier home on Stoneravenue about four o'clock yesterdayafternoon. ""Miss Fithian had been illfrom the inroads of an insidiousdisease for some time, and her condition had been critical in the extreme. ""Miss Fithian was a daughter ofthe late Dr. Joseph and Mrs. EmilyFithian, pioneer citizens of Paris,who preceded her to the grave manyyears ago, as did her brother, thelate Dr. Frank Fithian. She waseducated in the schools of- Paris,and was at one time a member ofihe Paris High School faculty, andCentre College, at Danville. Shewas a member of the Presbyterianchurch, and was prominent in allthe good works of that congregation. She is survived by her sister, Mrs.Georgia Fithian Webb, wso is seriously ill at the same home wherethe final summons came to her, andby two nieces, Misses Emily andJosephine Fithian, children of herbrother, Dr. Frank Fithian.The funeral will be held at "fouro'clock to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon with services at the gravein the Pans Cemetery, conducted byRev. J. S. Smylie and Rev. Frank J.KCheek. The pall-bearers will - be:John Woodford, Buckner Woodford,C. B. Mitchell, Albert Hinton, Jas.McClure, John Brennan,Oh look Who's Here! JIMMIE AUBREY the Funniest Comedian on the Screen,in "A CHARMED LIFE," and Pathe NewsTHURSDAY, JUNE 8th "scSem?ng! who7 BEBE DANIELS in "One Wild Week"Bebe Daniels in her most amusing and amazing -"good-little-bad-girl" role You'll have more fun in "One Wild Week" than you can ordinarily have in a rmonth of Sundays" Everyone deserves "one wild week" in their' life here's a chance to have yours.Charles Hutchison in "Go-Get-'Em Hutch," a Real Thrill SerialMovie Chats and Topics of the DayV!two o'clock Sunday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave inthe Shelbyville Cemetery by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, "the following actedas pall-bearers: Woodford Spears,Charles Spears, Edward Spears, Wm.Goodloe, Dr.lT. T. Vansant, RobertHinton.ANGEY FEOWNSBRICK TAX MULTIPLIEDTIKESNINEIt seems like a waste of space toquote Democratic objections to thepending Fordney-McCumber Profiteers' Tariff bill, which includeseven salt in the articles of foodtaxed, and the medicines of thesick room, because the editorial col-iittitiq nf ttiA P.prmhHfiJvn TireKS! UU.u,J w. ww -t---..Somebody asks why people frown ; tnroughout the country are filledor scowl when angry. The f rown-1 with unqUaiifled denunciations ofing brow, the flushed face, the the W1 extending even to unpleasclinched fists and the general mus .t personal references to its spon--: . n T.f rtf whatcular tension are an iu . .. sorsnpnnle still call the "expression of' vStay CoolThese WarmDaysPalm BeachSuits$125fi-$1350-$15In the New ShadesMohairs$12.50 TO $25.00GabardineSuits$25.00 TO $35.00Straw HatsTO$2.50$6.00:iiPrice & Co.ClothiersPEPPERMiss Christine Pepper, agedtwenty, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. U.S. G. Pepper, foxWrly of Paris andMillersburg, died last week at Asheville, North Carolina, after a protracted illness. Her mother was ather bedside when the end came.Miss Pepper was an unusuallyhandsome and attractive young woman, who for many years resided inMillersburg, where her father wasat one time postmaster and connected with other business. She was a! graduate of the Millersburg College,and was very popular with the people of Millersburg and the county.She had a large circle of friends towhom the news of her death came asa distinct shock.Besides her parents, Mr. and Mrs.U. S. G. Pepper, Miss Pepper is survived by one sister, Mrs. JennieMarie Carrico, of North Carolina.The body arrived in Lexingtonyesterday morning, and was broughtto Paris by The J. T. Hinton Co.The funeral was held at the ParisChristian church, at eleven o'clock,with services conducted by the pastor, Rev. W..E. Ellis. The pall, bearers, were: Ashby Leer, FrankIVimcrt, Dr. C. B. Smith, CatesbySpeau, Ayelette Buckner, SamuelHardy.. j-,. ,.oo oo-rt wn-anger. ut lunty w "&" "Ham James in this country andLange, in Denmark, both worked outn theorv that the "expression" ofan emotion really helps to make it Ithat if one did not feel the scowl,the flush, the tightening muscles,and all the inward bodily changesthat go with them he simply wouldnot be angryAnd James asks his reader to trythe exneriment and see how colorletsthe anger that he feels or tries toimagine really is when he lies backin an easy chair with a smile on hisface and all his mtiscles relaxed.- -j- i a nrrrA fY OThe experiment is 6vw v,,and it teaches a valuable lesson, fortheie can be no doubt that to manage the "expression" helps one tomanage the emotion itselfj thoughsome of the bodily changes back ofit, like the flush of the face or thealtered beat of the heart, can not becontrolled so directly and so easilyas that part of the "expression"which depends upon the "stripped"or voluntary muscles.But if the frown helps to make;the emotion, what makes the frown?Is it not something made on purpose, like the "faces" that childrenmake at each other? But it is a useful form of action inherited from ancestors who go all the way back tothe beginning of human life.A flush, a frown, or a raised voicecan break no bones; but it is a verygood sign of something else that cana sign that others learn to respectand thereby avoid a Nconflict thatmay mean wounds or death or both.So long as men-will fight and dogswill bite and bulls gore and snakeswill strike, scrowls and barks andsnorts and rattles are a means ofsafety for all concerned.. v . o- - -The heights of profiteering andinjustice were reached when sandwas included in the list of things tobe taxed and the duty on brick multiplied nine fold at a time when thehousing situations, not only in thebig cities, but even in the small villages, is almost unendurable Theoutrageousness of such procedurewas so great that even Senator Calder, a hard-boiled protectionist and abuilder, admitted that even the present duty might be taken off.This outrageous attempt to addfurther burdens to tenants and tohome-builders was thoroughly ventilated by Senators Robinson (Ark.),and Stanley (Ky.), among the mosteffective of Democratic spokesmen,but no -disposition was shown by thehard-boiled protectionists to recedefrom the amendment to the brickschedule increasing the existing ratefrom 25 to 225 per cent on bricks.LUCKY MAN(London Times)There was a time when our fathers did not debate politics or the lawwith the womenfolk; nevertheless they listened attantatively when their womanfolk- choseto talk of the men and manners ofthe day They .understood that herdetachment from the actual struggle gave woman a position to whichman could not aspire. She spoke,in a sense her praise or blameamounted to a re-estimation of character in terms of values more enduring than political exigency.It was this detachment of womenwhich made small-talk both interesting and considerable. No man ofany importance could escape its acid"purge; blatancy or bambast withered quickly under it. The place hunt-jer, the crafty fellow, the mere babbler soon found their level amongthe dames whose quick eyes discerned the man under the actor'scloak. Now if a woman still, in herheart, discerns the man she doesnot give him away, for she is committed to a party, a policy, which ishis party, his policy. Argumenthas taken the place of epigram.BSHACKLEFORDFollowing a protracted illnessdue to the infirmities of age, Mrs.Phoebe A. Shackleford, aged eightynine, died at two o'clock, Friday afternoon, at the home of Miss LucyMiller, on Vine street.Mrs. Shacklejford was a native ofShelby county, where she was .bornas Miss Phoebe Anne Whittaker, on'October 23, 1832. She was marriedjin early life to Mr. "Collier Shackleford, of Shelby county, who preceded her to the grave many years ago.She was a woman of fine intellectual' attainments and had traveled exten-sively. Until the last year she hadI spent her summers at Lake Chautauqua, where she spent much ofj her time in close study. She was aj cousin of Miss Lucy Miller, withI whom she made her home in thiscity, and of Mrs. Charles Stephensj and the late Mrs. William M. 'Hiniton, both of Paris. She was also arelative of Misses Emily and AnneI Thomas, of Frankfort, who have'been frequent visitors in Paris.I The body was taken to Shelbygrille, Sunday, the funeral cortegejlliving Paris at 12:3Qo'clock. Thefuneral was 'held in Shelbyville atOLDBRICKS USED TOCHARM OF AGEGIVEOne of the newest things in homearchitecture is the return to the old.A number of builders are using' oldbricks, for instance, to lend thecharm of age, as well as an air ofsubstantiality to their houses. Oldbricks, it is said, -are nearly twiceas heavy as bricks made to-day.The effect of the old hand-cutshingle is obtained by using splitshingles, a machine product. Theseare larger and cleaner than the ordinary type. Instead of a thicknessof one-quarter to three-eighths inches and a length of sixteen inches, thesplit shingle is from three-eighthsto one half inch thick and twentyto twenty-four inches long.'Antique fixtures, such -as wroughtiron lanterns for the porch light orwrought iron candlesticks for thewall lights, are used effectively.The stiff modernity of the cpncrete walk can be eliminated by using irregularly shaped blocks otrock planed fevel. When grassland,moss grow up between the rocka'theeffect is enhanced:Better ShBetter StylesLess PricesWonderful Specv WeekTrue economy in every pair you buy at this store. Extremenew novelties in Summer Footwear for the entire family.PATENTS-WHITE-TANNow on sale at a great saving in price. Come this week buy atPARIS' GREATEST SHOE STORE and save a third of your shoemoney. Below are a few of our great specialsiiMen's $3.00 tan work lace shoes, all. sizes. SpecialLadies' -white Canvas and Lace Oxlords and Straps. Special$1.85$1.99A peat line of ladies' and growinggirfs' new style Patent Strap Slip-n AQpers, rubber heels. Special JZbUUGreat Specials Ladies'" new stylesatin strap Slippers. Flat, low heels.n AQalso in patent leather. On sale at . . J.JJgMisses? and Children's ?3. 00' patent "and tan slippers, all sizes. On sale4 prMisses' and Children's BarefootSandals and Play Oxfords. Great 4 aivalues at 99c and ". J mjSate of Men's Shoes, $6.00 values,,tan and black, English and Blucher4 AJstyle. Sale price ."J miJxDAN COHENParis Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy RciJ nVvgi nagSSSS ri . - -? " . - i .. , . . . -.... i2&r - z r &2-'!Fem -v -'. .ticv . . -r sfea, . s l.wnr " ""Wwsk.- ---lf'- e O- - . -"V- - -c . -.-.- - st, v ,- Acs-Cf , ??T O. if " . . .kKtfi.& 2ir-fct j&-.Fs-Ztt.'?ZZ:$:- k . -. f . i , r : s . z. tr-JC " v -V. T "" -t--- pfjH:-;Z 'iL . -. . 1- -...-V N,-ri-i w v.-. -vzv.. -. "; ". -- ' - r z?&r'-. c "fc r mr --& , . - ".t j. - .r'- -3j'S? ".. t.