Her-'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY, AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR."VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1922inL DUUHDUIlv. 13DO AWAY WITH OLD "EYESORES"IN PARISA quite delicate community problem is presented in any city by theexistence of unattractive and uglybuildings. Most cities and townshave their share, of structures ofthis kind, and Paris is one of them.They often stand in conspicuousplaces near automobile routes andrailroad of interurban lines. Theyare noticed by visitors and givestrangers unfavorable impressions.Some of these buildings are simplydingy and need a coat of paint. Applying a pleasing color would workwonders and turn a decadent looking spot into a scene that appearsalive and hopeful. In others thewhole structure is rickety, andneeds either thorough repairs, . orelse to be removed altogether. Yetthe people who own these propertieswill continue to do nothing to improve them, and they seem indifferent to their appearance.The community interest in suchmatters ought to be considered. It-seenis "unfair that a pall of dinginess should be thrown over a neigh"borhood just because one property"holder is negligent. Public sentiment has nqt yet reached the pointwhere an owner could be required-to keep buildings in good condition.It may come to that some time-even in Paris. But business andcivic organizations might well remonstrate with real estate ownerswho fail to co-operate with town-advancement by maintaining their-own property creditably. The owners may, of course, say that they areunable to afford improvements atpresent qosts. 'But it can usuallyhe shown that poorly maintainedproperty is a poor investment, and-that better care brings returns.A little frank talk by influentialcitizens of Paris with people who.neglect their holdings might resultin the improvements that the neighbors desire. Possibly there are someowners in Paris to whom the tactfulhint should be dropped that shabby.appearing property hampers the progress ofv the" community, zEWER CONNECTIONS PINALNOTICE,' HEALTH BOARDi' This is to notify all property owners whose property abuts the sanitary sewer that warrants will issuefrom the City Health Board if suchconnections have not been begun orcompleted on or before June 15th.1922.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the Board of Health.(6-3t)ffc.'(ilc Know RouttTHE NEWSTRAWHATSIn Balabuntals, Sailors,Bangkoks and LeghornsARE HERE!Oar assortment of attractive and becoming StrawHats is a very completeone.Prepare yourself for thelong hot summer days bygetting under one of ournew Straw Hats.WE FIT YOUR FACEAS WELL AS YOURHEAD!Mitchell &BlakemorejfPRISONERS ESCAPE FROM PARISJAIL.Two prisoners, L. T. Leach andScott Gilbert, confined in the Bourbon county jajl, made their escapefrom that place Saturday night, after the manner of several otherswho had been there before. NThe men heated the limestonepartition to a window by burningtheir bed clothing at its base andthrowing cold water on the heatedstone until it crumbled sufficientlyto be pushed aside, making anopening large enough to admit theirbodies. A half dozen or more escapes have been made in a similarmanner during the past year. Thefirst prisoner who found the methodpassed it on to others, and it hasbeen successfully used in each instance. Leach was sent to jail about sixweeks ago on' a charge of bootlegging, following a conviction a shorttime ago. He was awaiting the action of the grand jury at the comingterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court,the charge being a felony. Gilbertwas confined in the jail for analleged assault on Ellis B. Hukill,tailor. He was reported as sufferingfrom the effects, of being gassed andshell-shocked while with the American Expeditionary Force in France.An effort is being made by theAmerican Legion to get his recordand to ascertain if his story was correct. Leach left a note stating thatthe jail was not a fit place for, evena hog to sleep or stay in.Gilbert was captured Sundaymorning -near Winchester by officialsand returned to 'Paris in the afternoon. Leach was still at large yesterday, and nothing had been learned last night as to his whereabouts.JUNE TERM BOURBON CIRCUITCOURTThe June term of Bourbon CircuitCourt will convene on Monday,June 19. Governor Morrow hasdesignated Judge J. F. Bailey, ofPaintsville, as Special Judge to preside at this term, Judge Robert L.Stout, because of illness, being unable to preside. Commonwealth'sAttorney Victor A. Bradley will beon hand.The term promises to be a verybusy one. There are fifty-one 'Commonwealth cases, at least thirty ofwhich will come to trial. The remainder of the docket comprises 31equity appearance cases, 372 oldequity cases, 35 ordinary appearancesand 126 old ordinary appearances.Judge Bailey was in Paris yesterday for the purpose of closing orders for the last day of the Marchterm of Court, over which he presided in the absence of Judge Stout.ICE CREAMDELIVERED AT ALL HOURS,IN ANY PART OF CITY. PUREAND WHOLESOME. PER GALLON, $1.75; HALF GALLON, $1;aUART 60 CENTS; BRICK, THREECOLORS, 70 CENTS PER QUART.CUMB. PHONE 7; HOME PHONE37.BENEDETTI & CO.(26-tf) NEXT ALAMO.PARIS FUGITIVE DIES IN OHIOTOWNStaggering into the City Hall atSteubenville, Ohio, with a requestfor work, "Station" Shawhan, wellknown in Paris police circles, toppled over and fell to the floor, deathresulting almost ' instantly fromheart trouble.Shawhan was shot in a difficultyin Paris some time ago by CharlesClark, another negro, who is in jailawaiting trial. After being shotShawhan disappeared and was" notheard of until the officials receivednews from the officers at Steubenville as above.GRAHAM SPRINGS OPENED--The formal opening of the Graham Springs "Hotel, near Harrodsburg, last Thursday night, was anunusually beautiful event, with alarge crowd in attendance. Thehouse decorations were under thesupervision of Mrs. Arthur Harbison, and were artistically arrangedwith pink roses, lillfes and foliage.Manager Allin served a splendiddinner, .after which dancing was enjoyed from nine to twelve o'clock.Several from Paris attended and reported having a fine time.NEW RESTAURANTThos. Link, of Paris, has leased ofStuart & O'Brien their storeroom atthe corner of Main and Seventhstreets, and will fit up a first-classrestaurant. Stuart & O'Brien -haveremoved their office fixtures, stock,etc., to the adjoining storeroom,which was not included in the lease.Mr. Link will also conduct a softdriktAnd in connctioa with theELECTRICAL STORM VISITS THISSECTIONLowering cloud and vivid flashesof lightning early Sunday nightsent Paris citizens scurrying toshelter, in anticipation of a severestorm. But luckily the danger passed to, other sections. The storm wasespecially severe in Lexington,where considerable damage was doneby lightning, wind and rain. Sofar as we have heard there was nodamage done in this vicinity. Trafficon the interurban lines was interfered with to some extent, anf theelectric lighting system of the cityh1,61101 10was somewhat demoralized, but thatj drib- .was about the worst that was ex-j Winchester 6perienced here. '(Cynthiana 6DliriTlP- th AloptriVol etnrm ffiin-lt. Sterling. .. -..4day night a large barn near Versailles belonging to Geo. Washington, was struck by lightning anddestroyed by the resultant fire. Thebarn was full of feed, farming implements and livestock the latter being saved by hard work. The losswas about $1,000, with no insurance. At the stock farm of "Lawrence Railey, a valuable cow wasn-iiieu. oy nKmmne. vvneat oiowu idown and tobacco -wash ri nut. nf t.heiwho stands seconcLin the batting av-ground.Y. M. C. A. NOTESThe Y. M. C. A. membership contest opened Friday 'night with a bigrally at the Y building. Miss EdithStivers was elected captain -of thewoman's division, and J. T. Tuckercaptain 'of the men's division. Members of both teams were very enthusiastic, and started at once securingnew members, Captain Stivers signing nine new members the first evening. One of the members of themen's division is reported to havesecured ten members by noon Saturday. The men's team held a special rally and pep meeting last night at theY building at 7:30. Refreshmentswere served, and plans formulatedfor conducting an active canvass fornew members. The women's teamwill hold their rally this (Tuesday)evening.Secretary Harrison announced tothe ladies Friday evening that theletters "Y. W. C. A." would be placed on the room formerly used for thedining room, and that it would beused for a ladies' lobby, -readingand social room, tThe Boys' Band of the Y. M. C. A.furnished music Sunday afternoonfor the memorial services conductedat the Paris Cemetery by the Knightsof Pythias lodges. Frank Pitrellaand Robert Link., Jr., both expertmusicians, playing the trombone,are the latest additions to the band.Enrollments to the girls' swimming slass, starting yesterday, indicate that there will be a big classagain this year. The class began at2:30 yesterday afternoon. In theboys'. swimming class Edward Merringer and James Handley passedthe beginners' examination byswimming twenty feet and wereawarded the beginners' badges. Several other boys in the class will beable to pass the test this week. Thehour for the High School bays'swimming class has been changedfrom 4:30 ,on Mondays, Wednesdaysand Thursdays to 3:30 p. m. on thesame days.TREASURY RECOMMEND REINVESTMENT OF VICTORYNOTESThe Treasury Department is recommending that owners of the 3Victory notes, which will be redeemed on June 15, re-invest part oftheir redemption money in Treasury Savings Certificates. These certificates runyfor a period of fiveyears, and if held for this length oftime they return 25 over the costprice, or 5 per annum. If necessity demands, however, they can beredeemed at any time prior to maturity. These certificates are issuedin denominations of $1,0()0, $100and $25, at cost prices of $800, $80and $20 each, respectively, and anyindividual or corporation can owntip to $5,000, maturity value, of thepresent issue. Both principal andinterest are free from all State andlocal taxes and the Normal -FederalIncome Tax.k These certificates can be procuredthrough any postoffice or from theSavings Division, Fourth FederalReserve District, Columbus, Ohio.FERTILIZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CARLOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GRADE REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. PRICE LOWEST INSEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYS TOUSE IT.BRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)Foliage in London, or "any placewktre tmare ia much aoot, -iauiauaUyBASE BALLSUNDAY'S RESULTSLexington, 8; Winchester, 1.Mt. Sterling, 4; Maysville, 1.Cynthiana, 2; Paris 1.THURSDAY'S GAMESParis at Lexington.Cynthiana at Mt. Sterling.Maysville at Winchester.Club WonMaysville 12Lost Pet.3 " .8005 .6678 .4298 x.4299 .40D11 .267The Paris and Cynthiana teamsplayed off a postponed game atLeague Park Saturday afternoon,the Mammoths taking the long endof a 7 to 2 -score. Wills, pitchingfor Paris, held- the visitors scorelessuntil "the ninth inning. A runningcatch by Cicona and the all-aroundbatting of the Paris team featuredthe game. Bracke, Paris catcher,erage of the League, hit a home runover the right field fence. Willsallowed but three hits off his delivery. The batteries were: For Paris,Wills and Mack; for Cynthiana,Leach, Dodd and Dugan. Webb umpire.The game between the Cynthianaand Paris teams of the Blue- GrassLeague at League Park Sunday afternoon was in the nature of apitchers' duel, with Long, of Cynthiana, emerging victorious over hisopponent, Miner, of the Paris team.The final score stood 2 to 1 in favorof Cynthiana. With the score standing 1 to 0 in favor of Cynthiana athe beginning of the ninth inning,each team scored one run in thefinal frame, Long cutting a Parisrally short before thertying run hadleached the plate. Long struck outeleven men, while Miner had twelveto his credit. Each pitcher receivedgood support from his teammates.Wunker and Backe, of Paris, andRorer, of the Cynthiana team, featured the game with good hittingand fielding. The batteries were:For Paris, Miner and Macke; forCynthiana, Long and Catton. Webbumpired the game, which went twohours, in the presence of a largecrowd. ""In the game at Mt. Sterling,Thursday between Paris and Mt-.Sterling in the last half of the sixthinning with the score tied, a man onsecond, and two out, the game wasforfeited to Mt. Sterling by Umpire Wyatt. His " reason fordoing so was that the Paris club-leftthe field, and refused to play aftera decision. The game up until thispoint was a pitcher's battle betweenLefty Townsend, for Mt. Sterling,iand Miner, for tbe i'ars xeam.Only two hits had been scored offTownsend and three off Miner whenthe argument came up.A meeting of" managers of theclubs in the Bluegrass League willbe held in the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington tomorrow night to takeuefinite action on the matter of having four games a week in the Leaguetowns. This announcement x wasmade Sunday aftefnoon by President Thomas M. Russell, of Maysville. If the change is made theseason will probabjy be split at' thetime the new schedule goes in,which means that Maysville will bethe winner of the first half if theschedule is changed between nowand Sunday. Maysville now has aipnrl -of two games over Lexington,which could not be overcome thisweek. yThe Presbyterians scored over theMethodists, leaders in the ChurchLeague race, in the game played onHancock Field,' Friday afternoon,the final score standing 13 to 9.This was the second defeat of theleaders during the two years of theLeague's existence, and first victoryfor the Presbyterians. The batteries were: Owens and Owens for theMethodists; Kiser and Tadlock forthe Presbyterians. Features of tnesrame were the all-around playing ofSmiley and the pitching of Kiser.The game, witnessed by a largecrowd, was umpired by pitcherMiner, of the Blue Grass Leagueteam. . .The game beaween the Baptistand Presbyterian teams in theChurch League, scheduled for thisafternoon dn Hancock Field, 'hasbeen postponed until to-morrow(Wednesday) afternoon, at the samehour., .WonMethodist . . . ' 4Christian . . . - 3Baptist 2Presbyterian 2Lost2 '234Pet..667.600.400.334oPAY YOUR LICENSEvTHE CITY LICENSES ARE NOWDUE. CALL k ONCE AT' THEPEOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK ANDTWIST COMPAHY, AMD-SATE THEPEMALTHSr . ' ,. C.JC49A .CONTROVERSY OVER NORMALSCHOOL SITESFor some thime there has been inprogress a controversy between contending towns for the location oftwo new Normal School buildingsproposed by the State Normal SchoolCommission. THE NEWS is in receipt of the following telegram fromthe Courier-Journal regarding the'matter:Louisville, Ky., 1047a, June 12, '22."THE NEWS, Paris, Ky."In our. opinion the honor and security of education in Kentucky depend upon absolute fairness in theselection of the sites of the two newNormal Schools by the NormalSchool Commission. We believe thatthe ruling ascribed to JudgeO'Rear, Chairman of the Commission, that only sites which havebuildings available for school usenext September will be considered,which ruling has already caused thewithdrawal of some contestants,promotes unfairness, and is unsound,and susceptible to a charge of favoritism for cenrtain sites. We urgeall Kentucky editors, for the goodname of education; and in the interest of the children of the State, toserve notice on the Commission thatall contestants must have a fairdeal, and that no favored rulingwill be tolerated. These newspapershold no brief for any site, but theybelieve the press must see that justice -is done all of them."LOUISVILLE TIMES AND COURIER-JOURNAL."oBOYS' BATHING SUITSOur's are made by Bradley thisassures a perfect fit $1 to $4.J. W. DAVIS & CO.oFORMER BOURBON FARMER ABANKRUPTA voluntary petition in bankruptcy was filed in the FederalCourt at Lexington, Friday by C. T.Masterson, of Muir, formerly ofBourbon county. The petition whichwas filed by Attorneys RaymonConnell and Denis Dundon, of Paris,listed Masferson's liabilities at $6,536.95, and assets approximately$5,700. The petition was referredto Chester D. Adams, referee inbankruptcy for Fayette County, byDeputy District Clerk Spencer Finnell. Masterson was engaged infarming in Bourbon county for several years previous to moving toFayette county.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSSPECIALSALEOFHOUSEDRESSESV- $1 2These are good values and formerlysold at .$2.50 to $4.50-each. Don'tmiss this special'.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi:A,- z-MRS. CLAY'S ESTATE VALUD' AT $150,000.Under the terms of the will oMrs. Sallie C. Clay, formsrly ofBourbon county, filed for probata fmthe Fayette County Court, her mtate, after it has been equalized, ito be divided equally betweem harchildren and one granddaughter.Owing to an advancement' xaadato her son, Sidney G. Clay, now dead,but survived by a daughter, Mrs.Clay bequeafed to her daughters.Miss Isabel Reed Clay, Miss AmniaC. Clay, Mrs. Alice C. Judson a4Mrs. Katherine C. Wooten, $31,each to offset the advancement madto her son. In addition, bequest of$100 each were made to MariaBrown and Clay Watson, servantsof Mrs. Clay. After these adjustments in the estate have been'madethe remainder is to be divided equally between the daughters and thegrandchildren.Her daughter, Isabel R. Claywanamed executrix to -serve withoutbond. Miss Clay, however, afterqualifying as executrix, gave bondin the sum of .$150,000 though thaestate is valued at a greater amount.For her services at executrix MiaaClay is to receive ? 5,000 underthe provisions of the will. The willwas-written May 10, 1919, and waawitnessed by James S. Botts, GeorgeVaughn and A. M. Hall.SANTA CLAUS HERE WEDNESDAY. Through the kindness of Frank 8cCo. old man Santa, will be at thaBourbon Gun Club Wednesday afternoon. He will present somelucky shooter with $10 worth of "silkstockings or hose, which are donatedby Frank & Co. Now, boys, getyour eyes open so you can see howto hit them. Mr. Nash, of the Western shell people, will be with usWednesday afternoon, so be sure tocome out and meet him. Two ofour Bourbon county ladies are expecting to come out and make theirbow over the traps. Visitors are always welcome.RUDOLPH 'DAVIS, "Sect.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-t-eachIRrfri!ift-r tIr IIIf. ifi.fairly-fraa from Mnaact4jgi "(f-ti.-NxFi"tO . aPgrTg ?--- vJf:." r J:"" ivi? -"rC"X-V -,2C"$ -ff ?K -js." va.- -5r .-1 .mt-1rrsK-fe"lL:rt riGRTwam BOURBON NEWS18f:: 41 Years of Continuous PublicationMb-fched Every Tuesday and FridayTear $2.00 6 Konths $1.00J?ayable Cash in Advance.WHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.jQtttered at the Paris, Kentucky," Petto-C &s Mail Matter of the'faeond Class.)OTO TOBEIGNBEPBESENTA-VTIVES.-American Press Asso-, lew York-Okicago Lord & Thomas.Wukdelphia H. W. Ayers & Son.-Atlanta Hassengale Adv. AgencyCiaciaaati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATES"Display Advertisements, $1.00 perlack' for first time; 50 cents per, inch4Mhch subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line.each, issue; reading notices in blackype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andhollar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-to decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political offices.aiust invariably be accompanied byjthe -cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of-jmy person, firm or corporation-Vhlch'may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will beIadly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.eagggg-DITdRlAL FLINGSStatisticians claim that darki&aired women marry the quickest,3Dut the blonds will controvert thisBlur by the assertion that lightchaired women stay married longer.' JIf you will get into your work?and do the thing to-day that shouldbe done, you will not only close the3bor upon a lot,, of waste motionand lost time, but you will open foryourself a new fountain of energy.That grocer's daughter in Louis--rillewho routed two burglars with"an old-fashioned tongue lashing"deserves credit for bravery arid presence of mind, but it is hardly likelythat her exploit will enhance her-.-chances of matrimony.The headline to a piece of advert tising copy received by THE NEWSnot long ago Nread: "He Couldn'tJSleep For Six Years." Well, come"to think of it, six years is most tooTlong for any fellow to sleep, any--way, unless he is trying to rivaljpoor old Rip Van Winkle.v Lord North cliff believes that a.-newspaper man should not worktmore than four days aweek. Ofcourse, there are readers who feelrihat some newspaper writers shouldnot work at all. And some newsI paper men are of the opinion it'."would be nice not to work at alltfor a while.An appropriate thought for Pariss. "iwys and girls at this time of year:""The expert swimmer often isdrowned, says a writer upon howtto take precautions in the water.fSurely a good swimmer who isdrowned more than once must beuone with four legs, sharp claws, aJlong tail and a high temper exhib.""- rited at the approach of a dog. So,.tew&re!rr A news item in the daillies says:'Ex-Empress Zita goes to Spain to-jwait the stork, the former Kaiser,-gfoes to Doom to await the buzzard,-and the average man goes to the-corner to await the chicken.""- ,--,And the rounder goes to -the drug- - vatore to await the lark. The fake oilmati is always 'waiting for the jay,awhile the European Conference at"SaGenoa disbanded in disgust afterv Waiting for the dove until it be--came apparent that bird had flownaway in alarm at sight of thecrowd that was looking for it. Andit would be an impossibility to count.the fellows with blackjacks, brass4mcucks, sandbags and automatic re-rolvers who are awaiting the rob--AiaoTrial by Ordeal.Trial by ordeal still exists In someof Japan. If a theft takes placea household, all the servants areMired to Trrite a certain word withsame brush. The conscience Is sup-to betray Its workings in theesTof the Ideographs written. Trac-n Ideograph involves such an efof muscular directness and -un-attention that this device oftent the discovery of the guiltyTb test is, at all 'events, xhiaM -.thaii.: tlw. ofAial e, soil?,'water, to; which accased praamfrnaerly iwbuiittW hi Japaa. ,ift-.STATE CO-OCTTEE SATS: ""IE-1XEHBEK REGISTRATION."THE NEWS Is in receipt of acircular letter from Mr. John M.J Atherton, of Louisville, "chairman ofthe Advisory Committee of the Democratic State Central Committee,calling attention to the necessity "of all Democrats remembering the registration in the counrty in July. The letter, which is.ofthe greatest, importance, reads asfollows: ""The Advisory Committee was appointed by the Democratic StateCentral and Executive Committee toaid in securing a full registrationof the .Democrats on the 10 and 11days of next July. In an effort to aidin this purpose the Committee turnsnaturally to the Democratic newspapers of the State to obtain thewidest publicity of the registrationtlays and to remind Democrats ofthe duty they owe to their partyand their State."There -is ' a reward awaitingevery voter who registers, as thelaw provides, n the triumph of hisparty and. its principles and policies,and there is a penalty for failure toregister the voter failing to register can not vote in the coming November election when Congressmenare to be elected.."The voter must not forget regisregistration days. To avoid thisusual excuse of forgetfulness, willyou not begin with the first issueof your paper to give conspicuousnotice in every issue up to the weekof registration."Will not the papers give thisnotice at least twice weekly? Willyou extend to the Committee theprivilege of sending you short communications to be given prominencein your paper with a view of arousing interest in different sections inState as the development of the campaign may suggest,"Forgetfulness too busy toregister men too busy with theirwork women too busy with household duties mothers too busy withtheir children. These are the obstacles to overcome. These and alHother interferences can be overcomeby co-operation among the men andwomen voters in every neighborhood. "Democrats should be warnedagainst Republican propaganda condemning the registration as uselessan,d expensive. This propogandawill not keep Republicans fromregistering, but is intended to seduce Democrats not to register. Letall Democrats bewareof such tactics. .Honest elections beget courageous officials and are cheap at anycost. Address all commuinicationsto Seldon R. Glenn, Room 564, Seelbach Hotel, Louisville, K'."A DIGEST OF THE REGISTRATION LAWDates of registration July 10thand 11th, 1922.Time of registration from 6 a. m.m. to 9 p. m., on each of these days.Where registration to be held rAteach regular voting precinct m theState of Kentucky.Persons entitled to register Alllegal voters, both men and women,and all persons who will become 21years of age on or before the following November.Registration officers Two judgesand a sheriff and a clerk in each precinct. The two judges to "be of op-Jposite political parties; a like difference . between the clerk andsheriff. .Notice to be given County Boardof Election Commissioners to givenotice of appointment of registration officers to the Sheriff of thecounty. -?Duty of Sheriff--The Sheriff shall,within ten days next after said appointment, give each officer of registration written notice of his appointment. It is the duty of thecounty Sheriff to- furnish a suitableplace in each precinct for the registration. Clerk of Registration NoticesTen days before registration, theClerk of Registration shall post notices in at least six conspicuousplaces in the precinct, stating thetime and place of the registration.Return of Registration Jtooks toCounty Clerk It is the duty of theofficers of registration to returnthe registration books to theCounty Clerk not later than threedays after holding the registration.Duties of County Clerk TheCounty Clerk shall make exactcopies of all the registration books,and preserve both the originals andcopies., in liis office. He shall alsokeep a- book showing the namesofvoters who have changed their voting precincts, and to what place.The original registration bookscan only be taken from the Clerk'soffice for use in any primary, specialor general election, or for use in registrations or by officers .appointed topurge same, or upon order of Courtin any trial growing out of the registration.P'urging Registration Books Atthe Tequest of either of the dominant parties, the County Board ofElectipn Commissioners shall, notlater than October 1, appoint twoofficers X or any precinct to purge thebooks of "thatrecinciamairlib shallMeet omJTueaday after the Jtrst Mxm-vTHE JBQUlBaSfeliPHra--.day in October. If the two purgingofficers disagree appeal may Detaken in the Circuit Court.,The registration officers to be appointed by the regular Board ofElection Commissioners of eachcounty in the same manner as regular election officers are appointedand not later than the 20th day ofJune, 1922, and annually thereaf-! ter.Registrations is lor 'the purposeof purifying elections in Kentucky.The greatest privilege enjoyed bycitizens is the right to vote. Youcan not vote unless you register onJuly 10th or 11th.oREPUBLICANS. XIKE OSTBICH,DECLARES SENATOR STANLEYThile Senator Thomas E. Watson,of Georgia, was attacking AttorneyGeneral Harvey M. Daugherty, noRepublican Senators were in theirseats, and Senator A. O. Stanley,Democrat, of Kentucky, pointed to"the attention the Senator is receiving from the other side." Hesaid that the Republicans, liketheostrich,- might "stick their heads inthe sand, but about November theywill hear the people shout 'Daugherty, Daugherty, Daugherty.' "Later a number of Republicansi took their seats, but no reply wasmade to the Georgia Senator.-Z oSTEADFASTCONFIDENCEThe Following Statement ShouldForm Conclusive Proof of Merit,to Every Paris ReaderCould stronger proof of the meritof any remedy be desired than thestatements of grateful endorsers whosay their confidence has been undiminished by lapse of time? Theseare the kind of statements that areappearing constantly in your localpapers for TDoan's Kidney Pills.They are twice-told and confirmed,with new enthusiasm. Can anyreader doubt the following? It'sfrom a Paris resident:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 314 Second Street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills afew times in the past and have beengreatly benefited by them. My backwas weak and lame and my kidneysacted too frequently, causing me toget up during the night. A box ofDoan's Kidney Pills which I got atV'rden & Son's Drug Store gave mefine relief. I certainly think Doan'sare a splendid- remedy and" gladlyrecommend them to anyone." (Statement given November 9, 1916.) OnNovember 12, 1920, Mr. Heller said:"I am glad to say the cure Doan'sKidney Pills made for me has beenlasting. I gladly confirm my formerstatement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's, Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burn.Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)oPOULTRY,BUTTERREVIEWAND EGGDemand for creamery butter hasbeen so good that even though production is probably heavier at thepresent time than ever beforeknown, stocks have kept well sold todealers wanting butter for- currentuse and fer storage purposes.Under present fine pasture conditions, prospects are for .good production to continue for some littletime.Marketing of lite hens in producing sections has been extremelyheavy for the .fast ten days, indicating that the number of hens onfarms is large, and now that thelaying season is about at an end,these fowls are being sent to market.Demand for fresh dressed poultryalso is good and even though themarketing of fowls should continueheavy, indications are for aboutpresent values ,to be maintained.- The movement of eggs- at thistime of year is normal, but with'changing weather conditions, thedemand is now for eggs from morenortherly sections.The" government report of reserved stock of eggs in storageshows June first this year 7,936,000 cases, as against 6,844,000 casessame time last year, or a surplus ofabout 20 per cent. Under these conditions, it would look as - thoughprices for the next few monthsshould be on a reasonable basis toJceep eggs going into consumptionrather than ending them to 'storage.A Draughty Door.Doors that-do not fit very well areoften-' ther cause of draughts. Thistrouble may be overcome by cuttingnarrow strips from the inner tube ofa discarded bicycle tire "and fasteningthem neatly down on the door frame.If the strips are cut exactly to fitthey will not be noticeable, for therubber is not thick enough to makethe door -difficult to close, yet It willentirely exclude all draughts. Therubber also" deadens the noise whenthe. door is' suddenJy banged. YorkPost.he annual output- ot oytftrsft the United StatMcxcMdMO,-AAV AAA ft " " . " V "vwv.vvv. r - -i-fc .r,: -1-j!"'kZ ' .-- " 5. T "trTjfVf -. ": - " - S- - - ' . --vsmmemBit:-' -3' Cssmm'" -"",aM"lWWSWMaWMMiiMMi?'Tennis Known aslandy:The game now known as tennis wasformerly called bandy. Hence thephrase to bandy words, or blows.NOTICELawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Scissors and knives ground.-We weld and repair all metals Incommon use and do general machinerepair wprk.SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.Capr21-tf,For Sale or RentNine-room, two-story brick house,with all modern conveniences, atSeventh street and Higgins avenue;also five-joom cottage on Seventhstreet, adjoining City' School; allmodern conveniences.MRS. JAKE ELVOVE,(2-tf) Home Phone 198.New and Used FurnitureTrade in your old furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Street.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(augl5-tf) .EGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O. CROMBIE.LOSTSomewhere in Paris, on the streetsor in the stores, a bevel-edged plateglass mirror, belonging to a ladies'handbag. Finder please leave atTHE, NEWS office.FOR RENT170 acres grass land, on R. R.Rogers farm, on Cynthiana pike.Address,H.'R. PRUITT, Agent,Mt. Sterling, Ky.(June 9-2t)Notice to Contractors !Frankfort, Ky., June 1, 1922.Seale'd bids will be received bythe State Highway Commission atjthe office of the State Highway Engineer. Old Capitol Building, PrankTort, Kentucky, until 1:00 p. m., onthe 21st day of June, 1922, for. theimprovement of the Paris-Mtr Sterling road, beginning at the city limits of Paris and extending to theMontgomery County line, a distanceof approximately 12 miles in Bourbon County.This road is officially known asState Project No. 32,-'Section A, onthe State Primal y System in Bourbon County.This improvement "will consist ofapplying bituminous surface treatment and covering with stone chipsor pea gravel, in accordance withapproved specifications. .Instructions to bidders, forms ofproposals and specifications may besecured at the office of the StateHighway Engineer, Old CapitalBuilding, Frankfort, Kentucky.Each bidder must accompany hisbid with a bond or certified checkfor $400.00. payable to the StateTreasurer, Credit Department ofState Roads and Highways.The right is reserved to rejectany and all- bids. ' -APPROXIMATE QUANTITIES21,000 gals. Medium Oil.845 tons Stone Chips or PeaGravel.84,480 sq. yds. Cleaning Surface.STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION,By- Joe S. Boggs, State HighwayEngineer.(june9-13)INTERURBAN TIMETABLE.'Paris to LexingtonLexington To Paris7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 -a. m. . 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. - v 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. j 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. -12:00 m.2:05 p. m. - 1:00 p. m-.3:05 a. m 2:00 p.. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. nJ.6:05 p. m. 5:00 p.-in7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m!8:15 p. m. 7:00 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:lcTp. m.11:55 j. m. m 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 0c; Ticket Pare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,U2.00., Ticket, single:trip, or Uquantitiee, -date unlimited, eold between.alipeimta at: reduced, rate.,fill iTi i ii SlrlrtTTrV .g 7-f?fTj iAJWJtUi&Z, ZSJkUTJQjr---inriT.TVi'?'""I" w-w -r - i3m -r -,-. r- -y-.o-a" --- - - jmrgi-i--r n . -".-. iBipp-r---r---nF-i --p-ppb-i--LARD fOR SALEI have for sale a large quantity ofpure country lard, at 15 cents perpound.MRS. JAMES H. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 256-W., R. F. D., No. 8.(june2 tf )FOR RENTThe restaurant at the corner ofPleasant and Tenth streets, is forrent. For terms, .etc., seeTHOMAS A'HEARN.k (mayl6-tf)Administratrix Notice!All persons having claims aginstthe estate of James Alfred Kenney,deceased, are requested to presentsame properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administratrix, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said James Alfred Kenney, deceased, are hereby notified to call onthe undersigned Administratrix, andmake prompt and full settlement ofsuch indebtedness.MAGGIE "WALLER,Admx. James Alfred Kenney. Dec'd.(23-3wks)White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsFxpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage- Supplies(tf) Cars Washed?For Your PorchPotted FernsLovely Swinging Fern BasketsJOHN CHRISMAN CO.-'FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Both PhonesIN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.f -m. MMM 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I Ml II 141 1We HandleElectricalElfictricJWashmg Machines," Irons, Toasters,Broilers, CEafing Dishesr Electroliers, All' Kinds of Bulbs, Etc. - - -'Gas HeatersAll Sizes! and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates" That are Very Practical and Ornamental.W. SPICER -MAIN STIttET"TTk - -. . . awusafca ., -.- a. - k , - 4TTJlfeDAyr TTTNB t tHOUSE FOR SALEFour large rooms, hall, front andback porch, pantry and bath roomygas and lights, good cistern, housenewly painted, in excellent condition. Lot 50x142.MRS. H. C. BRADLEY,551 Vine Street.(6-2t)rEXCURSIONCincinnati, 0.,And Return Via$2.00 L. & N. $2.00Further Reduction For Children,Sunday, June 18, 1922Special train will leave Paris 8:20a. m., returning will leave Fourth.Street Station Cincinnati, 6:30 p.m., Central Standard Time, (7:30 p.m., City Time.) For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.june9-3t)k 1 1 a m 1M'MIH 1 1 1 H 1 1 1 1 1 1 lit MAll Kinds ofNovelties 1rtoff. coifcrnitoi IJv-- J"if.-wjf,1"v jx"- , , -'" -j-- "-C . 'fiVJT-- -r --V -vS .-uJ-s; TUESDAT, TUNE IS, lfM-.iM1, " 'S. fcyv'.1 , k IM M 'JJT-tCORNSlift Off with Fingersmutuel machines at Churchill avenue in Louisville, at the transferDowns, accepting the city's figures, of the land from the owners to theMaurice Galvin, of Covington, Million Dollar Committee, whichi counsel for the Jockey Club, gave raised the money for, tne nome.Lawrence Baldauf, secretary of the The ceremony included the turn-flngers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Preezone" for a few cents, sufficient -to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)oOLD KENTUCKY HOME BOABD IS,APPOINTED BY GOVERNOEr :JOCXEY4 CLUB PAYS TAXThe Kentucky Jockey Club hasgiven up the fight against the city"GROUND TAXEN-iFOR NEW MASONIC HOME -Four hundred children of the Ma?prdinance of Louisville, " taxing its sonic Widows an'd Orphans Homemachines and paid the secretary of took charge of both ceremonies atthe sinking fund the license tax, the Ill-acre tract on;which the -newagreed on for the operation" of pari-home will be fjuilt on FrankfortDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurtingL - ,. . ,T ., .- .then shortly you lift it right off withtof evadm& a tax He said. thatsinking fund, a check for about ?3,500, which covers what the cityclaims as the balance due. Mr. Galvin stated that the matter had beensettled amicably -and that no hardfeelings resulted.It was said"by an official of theJockey Club that the club will continue to operate with hooded machines, though not for the purposeIwith totalizers in plain view it ledmany betters to wait around to geta line on the odds and then make arush at the last minute, many oftenbeing cut off by the starting bell.RHEUMATISMGovernor Edwin P. Morrow appointed MrsA. TV Hert, Mrs. Thurston Ballard, Judge Robert WorthBingham, C. Lee Cook, Young E.jAllison, Marvin H. Lewis, of Louisville, and Ossa Stanley and ArchPuliam, of Bardstown, members ofthe Old Kentucky Home Commission created by an act of the lastlegislature.The act creating the commissionappropriated funds to put "FederalHill, Bardstown, where Stephen G.Foster wrote "My Old Kentuckyboys and girls at this time of year:The work of restoring the historic jplace will be done under the super-jvision of the commission.Do you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you t can beyour own good self again?It has been done not .only once,'but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwo-gco Mineral water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL, SPRINGS,(10-tf) i Milan,, Ind.GOVERNOR NAMES WATTERSONMEMORIAL COMMITTEEAGENTS WANTEDMembers of the commission todraft a constitution 'and by-laws forthe Watterson 3"Memorial Commission were named by Governor Mor-row. rne committee win meet soonfor the purpose of organizing anddrafting a constitution and bylaws. The members are Judge RobertWorth Bingham. Messrs. Edwin M.- Men and women to handle city FieXner, McKenzie R. Todd, Webtrade and retail the original and ster R Huntington, J. M. Atherton,genuine Watkins. Products, Reme- Alpvander P. Humnhrev. E. A.ing over of the title insurance papers by C. "W Phillips, of "the LouJenkins, Title Company, to Jas. Garnett, attorney for the board of directors of the home; the propertydeed'was presented by I. SidneyJenkins, ot the Louisville Trust Company to Lee Cralle, board president,and the check in" payment of thenurchase price, $72,500, was prensented by Allison Holland, of Lexington, chairman of the Million Dollar Committee to one of the formerowners.Markers outlining the iroundarieswere piaced by the-children, who albo erected a sign showing that theproperty is the new home site. Motion pictures for fraternal historywere made.Ground is expected to be brokenby the time of the October meetingof the Grand Lodge in Kentucky, itwas said, ,. d , , ,-'- oWHERE IS BOHEMIA?(Ohio State Journal)Is there still a Bohemia? Thereseems to be a good deal of doubteven among those best qualified toknow. Recently in Paris there wasa little celebration in honor of theceiitenanry of Henri Murger, authorPERSONALSMiss Lillie Williams has returned from a three-weeks' stay atMartinsville. Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Dow wereguests of relatives in Cincinnatiseveral days last week.Mrs. John Cohan, of Louisville,is a guest of her brother, Mr. darkBarnett, and Mrs: Barnett, on Houston avenue.Mrs. Joseph Toadvine, of Toledo, Ohio, is a guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Thomason, rfearParis, from a month's visit.Dr. and Mrs. S. P. Mohney andchildren have returned from a visitto relatives in Cincinnati, makingthe round trip in their machine.William Brent, of Kansas City,Mo., was a guest Saturday and Sunday of his aunt, Mrs. Belle BrentAlexander, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Guy Briggs has returnedto her home in Frankfort after avisit to- her daughter, Mrs. JulianG. Allen, and family, at Millersburg.Mrs. Lindsay Moore has arrivedfrom Detroit, Mich., to be at thebed side of her mother," Mrs. S. M.WUmoth; who is very ill at theHotel Windsor.Misses Mary and Elizabeth Roffhave returned to their home inMayslick, after -a visit at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Custis Talbott, onHouston avenue.Sam Clay Ward has returnedfrom the University of Virginia, tospend the summer vacatfon with hisperents, Mr. - and Mrs. J. Miller.Ward, near Paris.Misse Elizabeth Steele has returned to her home in this city after a visit to Mrs. John Gourlay, ather apartments- in the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington.Mrs. Edward Simms, "of Beau-of "La Vie de Beheme," the real mont, Texas, and baby granddaugh-father .of modern Bohemnianism.The affair called forth quite a bit ofcomment, mostly to the effect thatBohemia of to-day is conventionallydressed and romantic attitudes areno longer appropriate to its prosaiccoats arid unattractive hats."" Whileanother who maintains that there isstill a sort of Bohemia adds: "It isa Bohemia whichvno longer seeks toI triumph over poverty and truculentdies, Extracts, Spices, Toilet Requi- Jonas, W. B. HaldemanA. E. Nel-Ipride, but the dint of stubborn, ten-sites, Household Specialties, Automobile Accessories, etc. Over .150guaranteed products. Our valuesare unparallelled and WatkinsQuality is in a class by itself.Write to-day for free sample andfull details of our offer and what itpneans to you.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.,(9-4t) Dept. 77, "Memphis, Tenn.son, Owsley Brown, James P.Ed- acious industry.wards, of Louisville, AlexanderConta, of New York, Mesdames AvT. Hert, Marion Taylor, W. B. Haldeman and E. M. Flexner.Life's Handicaps.Ifs surprising how" many bananapeelings are scattered over EasjEtrept 'v. (.lobe.X1!!EW-:IX!I Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors iTelephone No. 4XIXxXr Via, W? A'i. ca ?' jkmLI V. A' SxWahi " lJi I KVI OjI tiVVJZtE . 85S?5'a-J5Paftl ffi'tt3fcsy'SSZi.Y -..wr-.iv'l j!West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we" areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.X1XThe. Bourbon Laundry iParis, KentuckyWe, hope that this last opinion istrue. The Bohemia that meanssimply pose and careless living weare all tired of. Attempts to establish -its picturesqueness in' Americahave failed, as in the sad case ofGreenwich Village, New York, because only the exterior symbols, notthe true spirit of Bohemia, wasaimed at. The Bohemia that willallow us to dwell unashamed inhonest poverty for the sake of honestwork, that we want to rediscover;but it can only be found in themind and the heart.. oADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPiXKi:We have in stock for the convenience of users' of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order. ,(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.oMan's Demeanor Tells Tale.-Cheerfulness is just as natural tothe heart of a man in strong health ascolor to his cheek; and whereverthere is habitual gloom, there mustbe either bad air, unwholesome food,Improperly severe 4abor or erring habits of life. Ruskin.oAll Sprang From Dreams.There is not a single-Inventionachieved by man from the making ofthe first stone ax to the constructionof the latest model in airsliips thathas not had a dream behind it. H.Aldington Bruce."Now!$fOQwith 3. Gillette BUdMNowiatallDealers$1 buys a GenuineGillette " -The "Brownie" Complete with 3 genuine Gillette BladesThese fine Blades. were never betterthan they are todayThe BrownieGILLETTE SAFETY RAZOk CO., BmIm. U.S.A.No Blades like the genuineomette Diaaes :y vM i) r r woWo$mOzM0o . j5?Organized iinderthe provisions of the Federal Farm Loan ActThe LoanThat Never Comes DueUnless and until the borrower wishes to pay itLoans on farm property on the amortization plan for a term of 40years in amounts ranging from $1,000 to $45,000, at 6. $66.46 peryear on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interest."liberal prepayment privileges.No commissions no renewals.For further information write or callJNQUIRE ATPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &' - TRUST CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYKentucky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Building Jxington, KentuckyOPERATED UNDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISIONOFFICERSC. N. Manning, PresidentF. H. Engelken, Vice-Pres.and ManagerJ. D. VanHooser, Vice-PresrS .A .Wallace, Sec. and Treas.DIRECTORSRoot. W. BinghamC. N. ManningL. G. Cox .,Louis des Cognetsx George K. GravesF. H. EngelkenJames C. StoneJ. D. VanHooserJohn G. StollGeorge R. HuntSamuel H. HalleyR. T. AndersonEdward Hilliard " "Morgan O. HughesJ. Robt. SmithS. A. WallaceWe Have a Large Stock of Monuments onHand Ready to DeliverWeTiave reduced the prices on those on hand and we guarantee to grve quality andbetter prices than anyone from anywhere. Cense and see and be convinced. No-duplicateat theae prices.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO.. Paris. Kv.. . .' -', -- - .terj of Chicago, 111., are guests atthe Xalapa Farm, near lParis, for astay of several weeks.Mrs. J. Miller Ward and Mrs.Laura Wiggins will be guests Wednesday of Mrs. Overton Harber, inRichmond, and attend the tea to begiven by Mrs. Tut Burnham.Miss Nancy Barbee Wilson hasreturned from the Randolph-MaconSchool, at Lynchburg, Virginia, tospend the summer with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. Simms Wilson.Mrs. Robert M. Johnson attended the bridge party given in Lexington by Miss Beulah Saunders andMrs. Howard C. Judy, in honor ofMiss Nannette Case, of Georgetown,Mrs. J. O. Marshall and son,William, have returned from a visitto ,Mrs. Marshall's "mother, and sister, Mrs. Mary E. Lydick, and Mrs.Jas. J. Curie, in Curie, in Cynthiana.1 Mrs. John F. Leslie, of Huntington, West Va., and daughter, Mrs.Ernest Hosier, of Lexington, havereturned to their homes after avisitto relatives in Paris and thecounty.Miss Lelia Harris and Mr. Richard Chauncie, of the Eastern Kentucky State Normal School, at Richmond, spent the week-end in Parisas guest of Mrs. J. J. Haggard.Ben F. Orr, who is connectedwith the Armstrong Cork and Insulation Co., at Pittsburg, Pa., ishere to spend the summer vacationwith Dr. James A. Orr and sisters, attheir home on Stoner avenue.Capt. N. Winn Lisle has arrived from Boston, Mass., to spend thesummer with his parents, Mr. andMrs. D.-C. Lisle, in this city. Capt.Lisle will be stationed 'at Ft. Riley,Kansas, af-ter September.Mr. J. W. Miller, representingthe Rudy-Patrick Seed Company, ofKansas City, Mo., has been in Parisduring the harvesting of the bluegrass seed. Mr. Miller's firm is oneof the largest purchasers of seed inthe market:f Miss Mary Louise Lillard accompanied Miss Nell Robbins to herhome in Mississippi for a short visit'before the young women, start forNew York lo attend the sessions ofthe summer school at Columbia University. Robert Smith ' has returnedfrom the Staunton Military Institute, at Stauntori; Virginia, wherehe has been a student the past termto spend the summer vacation inParis with his parents, Mr. andMrs. Joe B. Smith.James EJCeefe, of Chicago, formerly of Paris, was a guest severaldays the past week, of his sister,!Mrs. Hannah Browner and MissMaggie Keefe. Mr. Keefe had spentthe "winter in Florida and was enroute to his Chicago home.Annabelle Wallace and Mrs.Walter Shropshire, both of Paris, attended "the bridge party given Friday afternoon by Mrs. J. R. Shropshire, at the Lafayette Hotel, inLexington. Mrs. Shropshire was assisted in receiving and entertainingher guests by her sister, Mrs. EarlShropshire.Harry Baldwin has returnedfrom Lynchburg, Va., where he attended the graduating exercises ofthe Randolph-Macon School. Mr.Baldwin's 'daughter, IVIiss Vernita,was a member of the 1922 graduating class. Miss Baldwin stopped atAvondale, West Va., en route home,for .a short visit to relatives."x Mr. and Mrs. BucknerWoodford and children have returned from a "visit to Maih-nA iuyo Pnlk Laffoon. inCovington. During their Tisit "Little Buck' was accidentally- kickdby a pony.jBUstaiming slight te-jwie, -wkidi. didatt-iattpro,' wy arjat xttmwitk nil ftkprw."Small Keys open Big Doors"YOUR FIRST DOLLAR WILL OPfNTHE WAY TO Y0TO FORTUNEIf you must go to a certain place you will never getthere unless you START.If you desire to be comfortable financially, you cannever become so unless you START to saving money.Start NOW with thatmoney you have in your pocket. -We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany?;?READ THISTELEGRAMLouisville, Ky., dune 6th, 1922jviilllersburg Goal and Lumber Go.,Millersburg, Ky.Special prices effective dune-5, 1922,on Kokomo Cord and Fabric Tires madenow so motorists can equip at once forsummer season.Volume of sales should -make up forprofit sacrificed. '''VpC. HARRIS,' - -.General Manager Kokomo Rubber Co ..- - J Southern Division, Inc.Call or Phone at OncaMillersburg Goal &Lumber Go.Millershcirg, Kentucky'VstX"N-j.m-T- f?ji4:2-Hi5?..M-I tAd-r-IF'fat,v-irft. .' r " si 5 y-ffl tac nt ryr mi3 Olir PwrMMtap AMKsil '.' " : r--AS':1 TivMnitPmHA.ivfJfyfm-i&r..VNJ.xfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYsx.TUESDAY, TUNH 13, IMjCiFAGS FOURJF01MER PARISIAN GETS BIG I COMPLIMENTS NEWCOMER TOdUlATAJUIJ. I "At Independence, " Mo., JosephGrannan, formerly of Paris, was girena judgment for $25,000 damagesin a suit against a wealthy residentof Kansas City charging alienationof his wife's affections.Mr. Grannan secured a divorcefrom his wife, who afterward married the defendant in the suit. Mr.Grannan is a brother of the lateHiley Grannan, and of WilliamGrannan and Miss Mary Grannan, ofTParis. For many years he has beenconnected with the Kansas CityStar, and will in the next two yearsbe eligible for retirement with apension.WATERMELONS ON ICEPhone us your order. "We have finemelons on ice at all times. -C. P. COOK &'C0.t "The Pride of Paris"SILKDRESSESwtill- $15-.Wednesday ThursdayMOBDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYThe Marion Falcon, published atLebanon, Ky., has the followingcomplimentary reference to Mr.Frank S. Benedetti and family, xwhohave recently moved to Paris. Mr.Benedetti opening a handsome confectionery and soda water businessin the Nippert Block, on Mamstreet:"Mr. Frank S. Benedetti andjamily have moved to Paris, where they: expect to make their home in the future. His son, Mr. Louis Benedetti,recently went into busiriess there,and Mr. Benedetti will be associatedwith him in the confectionery business. "He has not sold his home herebut expects to rent it for the present. "The many friends of this goqdfamily regret to see them leave Lebanon and can recommend them tothe people of Paris and Bourboncounty as good citizens."Mr. Benedetti asked this paper tostate if he has left Lebanon owinganything he does not know it. andthat if there is anyone here who hasan account against him, he will appreciate it if they will notify him ofit at Paris, Ky."In moving away, Mr. Benedetti,thoughb orn on foreign soil, has setan example in this respect thatmany native citizens would do wellto pattern after."O"WOODFORD COUNTY HOME DESTROYED BY EIRE,The home of William Littrell, atenant on the farm of Dr. John D.Neet, McCoun's Ferry pike, nearVersailles, was destroyed by fire Saturday at noon. The contents of thehouse, valued at $700, were destroyed. Dr. Nett's loss was $1,000.Neither had insurance.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANBOURBON FARM CONDITIONSProspects are good for crops incounty this year. Tobacco is growing fast and the corn is lookinggood. There has been enough rainand sunshine in the past week tokeep things growing. The seasonseems to be well advanced, and thewheat will soon be ready to cut.The blue grass seed crop has beenharvested and is being brought in tothe handlers. Gardens are lookingwell. '' A number of Bourbon county people attended the meeting of bluegrass seed growers held in Winchester Saturday for the purpose of pooling the seed crop. Livestock transactions during the past few weekshave been lively and hogs and sheepare in. good demand, with satisfactory prices reported.oWonder which one of the belligerent armies in China got all of thatfood and money we Americans sorecently sent over to relieve the sufferings of the famine-stricken country.1'ImlComedy Drama"Friendly Enemies"A play that affords an abundance- of amusing complications aswell as moments ofgripping pathos.i.1 PgL1 HvHW1 HNew York CastyT:-VSIXTH NIGHTRedpath ChautauquaSeven Big Days ,SEASON TICKETS ONLY $2.75., .REDBffHCHAUTAUQUABRELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligiousCircles For i&resent andFutureHon. Claude M. Thomas willlead the prayer meeting serviceWednesday night at 7:30 o'clock atthe Presbyterian church.A special meeting pi the Christian Science congregation of Pariswill be held to-night in the MasonicTemple. Addresses will he made bymembers from Lexington prominentin the work of the organization.A revival meeting whigh willcontinue daily until June 26, beganat the Paris Baptist church Sundaymorning. The pastor, Rev. ArthurFox, will conduct the services eachday during the week at nine o'clockin the morning, and at 7:30 in theevening, and on Sundays at 10:45a. m. and 7:30 p. m. He will beassisted by Mr, and Mrs. J. FredSchofield, singihg evangelists, whowill have charge of the song service.The attendance at the opening meetings Sunday augur well for an increased attendance at each meeting.An all-day Elementary SundaySchool Institute will be held at theFirst MethodistChurch, in Lexington, on. Friday, June 23. Miss HelenRippetoe, formerly of Paris, willgive a demonstration with her largeclass of beginners in EpworthLeague work. Rev. C. H. Greer,pastor of the' Paris Methodistchurch, Conference President of theSunday School, will attend and discuss the subject, "Give MoreThought To Children." Dennis V.Snapp,of Paris, Conference SundaySchool Secretary, will be presentand show the standards which havebeen adopted by the Sunday SchoolBoard for the new quadrennium.Others who will take part are Col.George W. Bain, Rev. W. O. Sadler,Rev. J. E. Savage and Rev. W. L.Southgate.L. & N. EMPLOYES GET "SERVIICE" BUTTONScontinuous activecontinuous activewith Colored . En-No, brother, 'that is not a newfraternal organization. Those newbuttons you have observed on thecoats of various Louisville & Nashville Railroad employees denoteyears of consistent and loyal vsupport. This company has adopted thepolicy of awarding service medals tothose in its continuous active service for fifteen years or more. Themedals are in the form of buttonsfor the men and pins for the ladies,of the following descriptions:For 15 years' continuous activeservice Bronze.For 25 yearsservice Silver.For 35 years'service Silveramel.For 45 years' continuous activeservice Gold with Colored Enamel.For 50 years' continuous activeservice Gold with Diamond.This recognition of service will bemade to those actually in the service of the company, and to thoseretired by the company from activeservice on pension, the class of medal going to the latter to be determined by the. length of continuousactive service qt the date of suchretirement.For those whose length of service exceeds 50 years, some sort ofspecial recognition will be awardedby the President.Quite a ' number of our citizensare proudly wearing their medals asthe employees of the Louisville &Nashville are, generally speaking, awell-contented "family" and thereare many of them whose entranceinto service dates back a decade ormore.o-B0ST0N MECCA FOR NATION'STEACHERSCOLORED DOCTOBDEADDrt J. W. Mebane, prominent colored physician, of Paris, died Saturday morning at a Lexington hospital following an illness of severalmonths' duration caused by bloodpoisoning. Dr. Mebane was a nativeof North Carolna, and came to Parisabout sixteen years ago from Versailles. He leave a widow and twochildren.The funeral will be held this afternoon at St. Paul's Methodistchurch, with services conducted byRev. Ball. The interment will .folJow in the colored cemetery, whereservices will be conducted by thecolored Masonic, Odd Fellows, TJ. B.F. and K. of P. lodges of Versaillesand Paris.France has accepted the non-aggression pact with reservations.Which means that Germany will payif she knows what's good for her.FOR SALEStrikes fomented by the newlabor unions are becoming, commonin Korea.HOUSE FOR SALEFour large rooms, hall, front andback porch, pantry and bath room,gas and lights, good cistern, housene'wly painted, in excellent condition; lot 50xi42.MRS. H. C. BRADLEY,(13-2t)- 5 51. Vine Street.FOR SALEParlor organ, good as -new, and aVictor talking machine. Apply ?1412 S. Main Street. (13-lt).FOR SALE.Light 6 touring 1920; looks andruns like new; five good tires, andcan be bought right.C. L. CHASE,(13-lt) Windsor Hotel-A bargain. Three- Pocket BilliardTables, with complete equipment.Can be seen in operation beforeJuly 1.VAN DIVIER & PREWITT,(13-2t) Harrodsburg, Ky.Glove SilkUnderwearVanity Fair Van RaalteVALUES FORMERLY$3.50 to$7.50SPECIAL THIS WEEK$1.38 TO $3.98Vests BloomersTeddies Union SuitsJmi mmrnMMDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYAre You Keeping Alivein Mind, Heart and Soul?Many folks are healthy bodied, but their minds quit growingwhen they left school. Science teaches that when things stopgrowing decay soon follows. - .Many people go months and even years without feeling a strongemotion of the heart or of the soul. Many become so hardnatured that even the death of an intimate friend fails toaffect them.Don't let your mind decay, or your heart and soul hardenfrom lack of use! Don't miss the big things of life throughthe careless neglect of your emotional nature. .V- The Chautauqua ministers to this great personal human need.The Chautauqua stimulates your mind, warms your heart,awakens your imagination, refreshes your spirit, exercisesyour emotions, polishes up your social nature, and makes youa happier, better business man and neighbor.You need to come with your mind, heart and soul ready toreceive. Then you will enjoy Chautauqua to the uttermost.Come to the Chautauqua. Buy season tickets, bring the wholefamily, give them every opportunity for self-development, attend every session. Hear the lectures YutaJd Minakuchi, eloquent Japanese on "The Border Land;" George Gordon Glick on"What Am I?" Frank Church on "Success, or How to land onBoth Feet;" hear the play "Polly of the Circus," hear Hryland his wonderful Band; Lieurance's Philharmonic Orchestra;The Koyal Holland Bell-Ringers; the Artist Trio; Guila Adams,entertainer; and the White and Black Minstrels.You can get a hundred dollars'worth of personal benefit andpleasure out of this Chautauqua, if you will give it your interest, two programs a day for six days, and just two dollarsand fifty cents in money, the cost of a season ticket.Chautauqua, Millersburg, Ky.. JUNE 24th-39th:SKIRT SPECIALTHIS WEEKValues Upto $3.001.45Cktntitaqiui Week.-""tS-tulyK-I "On to Boston" is the cry in educational circles. The National Educational Association, which hasunited teachers for 65 years, willhold a monster convention in Boston, July 2 to 8, inclusive. Themembership of the association isnow about 100, 00D, and twice thenumber of delegates which were atDes Moines last year are expectedat Boston.The general theme for the program is "Education and the Democratic Awakening," emphasizing theconnection between the great democratic impulse following the warand the intensified interest in everyphase of educational endeavor.Among those who will address thesessions are Mrs. Thos. G. Winder,president of the General Federationof Women's Clubs; Alvin M. Owsley, national director of the Americanization commission of the American Legion; Mrs. Maud "WoodPark, president of the NationalLeague of Women "Voters; FrederickJ. Libby, secretary of the NationalCouncil for the Reduction of Armaments, and Gov. ChariningH. Cox, ofMassachusetts,, who will ..welcomethe teachers. Dr. W. G, Cove, president of. the National Association ofTeachers of England and Wales, is'nlk'iBf a ciartrlp to America toattend the Bostoa convtoticm. J, ij.-III'SSUMMERUNION SUITS50c TO $1.50"WW-opyright, 1022, A. B. KirachbAum CompanyDo You Swelter This HotWeather?You can easily solve the question of keeping cool this hot weather by coming here andselecting either a Palm Beach, Mohair or Tropical Worsted Suit. Styles that are . mostwanted in these .popular fabrics are showrnin newest patterns and colorings. And they'repriced right.ifPALM BEACHES 312,50-5151 MOHAIRS $18.00TROPICAL WORSTEDS $25.00R. P. WALSH7th and MainjsOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.5 , A Home Phone 4I II-jBBCunnb IPhone 8&6mr!-atsw- -n. Vv-- - r- ,?Vy "is'SH vv.r.--, - m A3Wjjr "s, -SB r iZ?fTUESDAY, TUNE 13,-1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KENTUCKYrPAGK FIT!'X "PERSONALS"GIFTS THAT LAST", Comings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDon.EASPBEEEIES0. L. Davis is confined to hisIf you want raspberries, give us . home on Pleasant street, with 111-your order.C. P. COOK & CO.ness.iMrs. I. v L. Price is a guest ofher daughter, Mrs. C. A. Teller, in.Louisville.Mrs. Swift Champ is able to bSOCK-A-BYE BABY SWING, $1- out again after a week's illness at50 AND $2.50, AT jher home onPleasant strejet.Mrs. Louis Mussinon has returned from a visit to Misses Alice andBOCK-A-BYE BABY.A. E. WHEELER'S.-oCAPITAL INCREASE APPROVED, j Mattie Hughes, in Lexington.j Miss Florence Cantrill.o' f ShelSecretary of State Fred A. Vaughn byville, is visiting her aunt, Misshas approved the action of thg Peo-; Bessie Evans, on Houston avenue.pie's Building & Loan Association, j, m. Scott has returned fromBoone county, where he has beenlooking after his farming interests.Misses Marguerite Clark andof Paris, in increasing their capitalstock from 500,000 to $750,000.tAPPELLATE COURT ORDERIn the Appelate Court at Frankfort, Friday, xthe following orderwas entered in a case sent up fromthe Bourbon Circuit Court:Isgrigg vs. Jacoby, et al. Bourbon,agreement filed giving Appellee tendays time from June 1 to files brief.KRAMER TO SPEAK HEREHon. John F. Kramer, first Federal prohibition Commissioner, willspeak at the Paris Baptist church,Thursday evening, at 7:30 o'clock,on the subject of "The Law, TheOfficers, The People." There will beno admission charges and all are invited to attend. Mr. Kramer is aforceful speaker, and will present aninteresting subject.PREE INNER TUBES GIVENWITH EACH AUTO TIREWe will give inner tube freewith each tire we sell for one week.30x3 safety tread $8.00; 30-3safeay tread $9.00. Big bargain.Come in and see.(It FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.FUGITIVE RETURNEDClaud Morris, a young white, boy,who was sentenced at the late termof "Bourbon Circuit Court to a termin the Reform School at Glendale,on "a charge of stealing chickens,and who escaped a few days ago,was arrested in Paris by Sheriff PealeCollier and turned over to the Fayette county officials, who returnedhim to the Reform School.PICTURE PROGRAM ATAND ALAMOGRANDTo-day, Tuesday, June 13.Jackie Coogan, The Kid, in "Peck'sBad Boy;" Beby Peggy, in "Peggy,Be Good;" Pathe News.To-morrow, Wednesday, June 14.Elsie Ferguson, in "Footlights;"Christie comedy, "The Simp;" PatheNews Feature.Thursday, June 15 Wallace Reidand Lila Lee, in "Rent Free;"Charles Hutchison, in serial, "GoGet 'Em Hutch;" Movie Chats;Topics of The Day.PARIS SUMMER SCHOOL STARTSOFP WELLNinety-two students were enrolledyesterday for the- first day's work inthe summer session of the ParisCity School. This number is farbeyond the expectations of Supt.Lee Kirpatrick, and shows the needof the summer session, and alsoshows the interest manifested in thework by the people of the city.The total enrollment will likelyreach one hundred and fifty beforethe close of the first week. Parentsare urged to see that all who needthis work get it. It is free to allwho live in the city. The sessionswill last six weeks.WHEN YOU TRAVELBe sure your luggage is correct.Everything here in suit cases, wardrobe trunks, is correct.J. W. DAVIS '& CO.ATTENTION, BUYERS!Call and inspect our stock andprices at the Turner & Claytonstand. ' Complete line of groceries,vegetables and truits. Your patronage appreciated.TAUL & STONE.Phones Tenn. 872, Home 399.SECRETARY IS SECUREDThe Bourbon Qounty Red CrossChapter at a recent meeting, -decidedto maintain a dental clinic for theschool children of Bourbon county.The dentists in Paris have agreed togive their services.The Chapter has employed MissInez Candill, of Frenchburg, graduate of Berea College, to work withMrs. Harriet Minaker, Health andWelfare League nurse, and theschool authorities in getting thechildren to the clinic. Miss Candillwill arrive about July 1 to begin herwork.Besides aiding in the dental clinicwork, Miss Candill will act as executive secretary of the Chapter, andwill direct all brancke of RedCross activities. During the schoolracation 'much of hr'tt wili'bdevoted to cleaning m claims of forr serrW atom. '--.-'Elizabeth Burris have returned fromHamilton College for' their summervacation.Mrs. Anderson McKenzie, ofnear Winchester, is a guest of herdaughter, Mrs. J. C. Mallicoat, onRailroad street.Mrs. E. M. Dickson and Mrs.Benjamin Forsyth Buckner, of Paris,were guests of relatives and friendsin Richmond yesterday.Mrs. Mollie Rice, who has beenill at the Massie Memorial Hospitalfor the last two weeks, has returned to her home on Pleasant street.Eewell Renaker and Mr. and Mrs.J. L. Scott and daughter, of Paris,attended the funeral and burial ofMr. Sol Renaker, at Cynthiana.Mrs. Linn A. Tripp and children, of Greenfield, Indiana, are visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Jonathan Burris, near Little Rock.John P. -Conway, Mark Donovan and Miss Millie Donovan,' ofWinchester, attended the funeral ofMiss Cassie Gorey, in that city, Saturday. Mies Hilda Threlkeld has returned to her home in Maysville, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Henry A..Power, and Mr. and Mrs. Edward F.Prichard.Andrew Durham, of Winchester street, has been transferred bythe L. & N. from Paris to Visalia,and has moved with his family tothat place.Revs. William Sweeney, ofJohnson City, Tenn., and EdwinSweeney, of Greenville, Tenn., wereguests Saturday of their mother,Mrs. John S. Sweeney, on Higginsavenue.Mrs. Mollie James, who has beenvery ill for some time, will leavethis morning, accompanied by herson, Lawrence James, for MiwogcoMineral Springs, near Milan, Indi-anaf for a short stay.Mrs. Nelson F. Smelser, of Abington, Va., is a guest of her son,J. M. Smelser, on Cypress street.Miss Ruth Smelser', of "Elizabethton, Tenn., a niece of Mr. Smelser, isalso a guest at the home.Mrs. Nettie A. Dejarnette, ofParis, accompanied by Miss SallieCurtis, of Maysville, left Saturdayafternoon for a visits to relatives inLos Angeles, and Hollywood, California. l En route they will stop overat scenic points of interest alongthe route.Miss Maude Taylor entertainedat her home in East Paris with adinner in honor of her sister, MissMary Elizabeth Taylor, who wasone of the graduates- of the ParisHigh School last week. The guestsinvited were members of the 1922class.Miss Elizabeth Steele, of Paris,attended the assembly of the Lexington Woman's Golf Club, held atthe Country Club, near Lexington,Saturday, when the members met forluncheon and for the tournament inthe afternoon. Miss Steele was aguest of Mrs. John Gourlay preceding the event.Mr. W. A. Cottingham, the venerable 'father of Wayne Cottingham,formerly of Lexington Leader staff,is critically ill at his home on Mainstreet, and his physicians hold putvery little hope for his -recovery.Mr. Cottingham has been in poorhealth for some time, and recentlysustained a stroke of paralysis.James Parker, of Paris, hasbeen appointed manager of the Pos--tal Telegraph office at Ashtaubla,Ohio, and will enter upon his dutiesat once. Mr. Parker has been connected with the Postal office at Cincinnati for several months. Mrs.Parker left for Cincinnati last nightto join her husband, en route forAshtabula?Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock, ofParis, was one of the guests at thegarden-party given by Mrs. LouisLee HagginJ at her country home,"ML Brilliant," near Lexington,Friday afternoon. About seventyfive guests were present. A delicioussupper was served in the garden.Mrs. Haggin was assisted in receiving and entertaining her guestsby her sister, Mrs. Garland Barr.Mrs. Harry O. James entertained with a six-o'clock dinner -Fridayevening at her home on Pleasantstreet, the guests being Masonicfriends of her husband. In the center of the table, in the dining roomwas a large cake, containing sixteen candles, each of which Mrs.James declared, represented a certain number of years. . The, uestewere left to guess at Mr. .James' age,"which he refused to tell. Those'invite4" were: Rev. Walter ,S. Cairn,Dr. H. M.Dailty,',Ch1u. A. McMil1C Tko.'Ar UpDmkld Rqfcf. B.Lusk, Hume Bedford, Roy F. Clendenin, John Merringer, Jos. H.Ewalt, Richard Hopkins.Mrs. Frankie Morrison and son,Harry, are visiting relatives inMaysville.Mrs. Paul Hanley spent theweek-end in Mt. Sterling as a guestof Mrs. Harry Stevenson.- Miss Mary JBedford, of Paris,was a recent guest of Mrs. LouEvans Rogers, in Georgetown.Miss Bessie Purnell left Sundayfor Lake Chautauqua, New York, toremain during the summer.Miss Bernice 5$. Milrlbr has returned from an extended visit tofriends and relatives in the East.Miss Lucile Miller, of Cincinnati, is the guest "of Mrs. BarnettWinters, at her home on Scott avenue.Mrs. Perry W. Shy and little"son have returned to Winchester after a visit to relatives and friendsin Paris.Mrs. Harry Stivers' and childrenhave returned to their home inWashington, D. C, after a visit torelatives in Paris, and the county.Mrs. George W. Watkins has asguests at her home near Paris, MissAugusta Rogers, of Lexington, andMrs. Asbury W. Lee, Jr., and littledaughter, Mary Jane, of Clearwater,Pa.Misses "Katherine Duncan, AnneThomas Ewalt, Mary FrancesCampbell, William Wornall, FarrisAdams and Wilson Worick, of Paris,attended the Commencement Dancegiven at Cynthiana, Friday night.Miss Helen Hutchcraft Dedman,of Cynthiana, niece of Mrs. R. VB.Hutchcraft, of Paris, was -a memberof the 1922 graduating class at theCynthiana High School, whose commencement exercises were held Friday night.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Wills, ofWinchester, were among the visitors in Paris last week during thecommencement exercises, and wereguests of Mr. and. Mrs. George Jacoby. Their grandson, Houston Jacoby, and Miss 'Dorothy Jacoby,were members of the 1922 graduating class at the P. H. S.(Other Personals on Page 3), lr-BIRTHSThe following announcementsof an interesting event at the homeof a former Paris boy now residingin Tampa, Fla., have been receivedhere by relatives and friends:"Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Lewis Payneannounce the arrival of theirdaughter, May Carroll Payne, onthe fourth day of June, nineteenhundred and twenty-two." Thehappy father of the young lady is ajson of Mr. and Mrs. June Payne, ofTampa, iria.., lormerly of Paris.Cards have been received inParis announcing the arrival of afine daughter at the home of Mr.and Mrs. S. A. Roberts, in Covington; first born. The little girl has.been named Stanford Lee RobertsMr. and Mrs. Roberts formerly resided in Paris.LODGE NOTESThe Cynthiana Commandery,Knights Templar, will celebratetheir fifteenth anniversary with abanquet and dance on July 10. Officers of the Grand Commandery willbe present. There is but one surviving charter member, CharlesReickel, well-known in Paris. Members of the local commandery willattend.Headed by the Y. M. C. A. Boys'Band, members of the local K..of P.lodges and the Pythian Sisterhood,,,marched to the Paris Cemetery Snuday afternoon, and decorated gravesof deceased members. A number ofvisiting brothers from surroundingtowns assisted in the service.ed the ball. To comprehend justhow difficult a shot it was, one hasto understand inside golf.SPECIALTHIS WEEKrilNE DRESSGINGHAMSBeautiful Selection15c per yardATTwin Bros. Dept StoreGHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS, KY.W. K. KearneyWELL DRILLERPhone No. 80VERSAILLES, KY,IDrill Five, Sir andiEiht, Inch Holes.fjMMt) , '- yr -jjesjss . 7.jxx&i.jitm" zmm w i m m m i vjgSSI i3p TLOTHES JftJr-1- "rsyKSr?-" Tv e ;-'-y'" ir1'"i'-f,,'''"AV 7-fWhat is More Cooling ForA Day in JuneThan a Palm Beach, Mohair or TropicalWorsted Suit?, We have tem in all sizes ,' and many models .$10.00 to $22.50We also have the other necessaries for the .hot summer months.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveThe Only Shade Made With A VentilatorSELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINGPORCH SHADESMake your porch, the most livable place about the home and do itwith VUDOR PORCH SHADES and our GOOD ' FURNITURE,SWINGS and RUGS.- We.'are making very attractive prices. -''7 m-Automatic RefrigeratorsAre the Best -THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHEItMONE 3PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXJHv .Motor H r Motor Iwvii Coach UmdmmpmI.v "- f'.. tf.tS - .S'V-3.JBt '- ni!i l-mIt:yrimviwKIKiltlIViv!..MitS .-mj-fu '"-r4.. 1' . '-" ' - t". V' -; i-v iii . v,"S -.iV"!"45,. Aj'i"cjt- -. -3PAGE SIX-iTHE &0URTOS5 fKJ?Si PAKb . EJBNTfUnf. - -sj-c- '"TT . .A -:it"is.t-:&&?O.XICOf SLS0 MOTOA1; BUT FO GAS STOVE- .-: ,-OH!. "The prices of gasoline increasesconstantly tout no one hears of asian selling his car because of the- iprice of gasoline. It's cheaper toT'lralk, but mighty few men walkwho can afford a car, and gasoline- "Prill have to go a lot higher beforeanyone will quit using a car becauseTie can't afford to ride. An automobile cqsts many times the priceof a gas range, and the monthlygas bill is but as a drop in thebucket compared to the upkeep of acar, in addition to the high price of.gasoline. Think of the repairs andthe tires, and the inner tubes, andthe thousand and one things forwhich you Jiave to spend money onjour car, and then think -of your'dependable little old gas range, onthe job three times a day every day'in the year, of the comfort and satisfaction it brings, and then think ofthe fuss you sometimes make aboutthe gas bill. No one -place you putyour money brings so great results1n fcbmfort and labor-saving as doesthe gas bill, and yet some pay thatbill reluctantly, and complain everymonth at its size. Consider whatgas does for you and your household, and compare its price with anyother of your expenses and youropinion of your gas bill may im-prove.VTurks Strangle Criminals.In Turkey strangling and sewing acriminal up in a bag and throwing himinto the sea are common modes ofpunishment.CAHAL BROS.BAEBEB SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS-4-Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATIKt 9 - &BRIHTEB--EVENINGSISbxSW-HARNESSWOULDHEAT OF KILAUEABorings in Volcano Suggested toSee-if It Can Be ConvertedInto Power.EXPERTS SEE POSSIBILITIES-Zi.Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her cloth 'By Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guests; ' By Coal Oil light.; .. Andlater on,y , -How time does pass' ' Ew home was Ht" ' ; " By flickering Gas.' i - But the girl of to-dayJ Who wants her home bright,-rr - Just presses a button.v, i? And has Electric light.Taris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Tentative Plans for the ExperimentEmbrace at Least 50 Borings toProvide Thermal Map of HotBelt of Volcano.Ilonolulu. An immediate start onexperimental borings in the bed ofthe active volcano of Kilauea, on theisland of Hawaii, to determine whether the heat of the volcano can be harnessed and converted into electricalRower, was urged by Br. T. A. Jaggar,director of the Volcano observatory,at the annual meeting of the VolcanoResearch association here.Doctor Jaggar said that tentativeplans for the experiment embraced atleast 50 borings so located as to provide a thermal map of the hot beltof the volcano. The first boring wouldbe sunk to a depth of. 200 or 300 feetin the center of the crater, with theothers at 50 to 100 feet deep, depending upon the nature-of the resultantdiscoveries.Borings in Lava Beds.Mos"t of these borings will be madeat the source of old lava flows.The meeting, commemorative of thetenth anniversary of the founding ofjthe research association, decided thatthe borings should not be made until subscriptions totaling $8,000 hadbeen obtained to defray the expenses.Of this sum $7,000 already has beendonated.Doctor Jaggar also recommendedthe construction .of a practicable packtrail to the summit of Mauna Loa,14,000 feet above sea level. Kilauea issituated 4,000 feet above sea level, onthe slopes of Mauna Loa. DoctorJaggar said that he expected a summit outbreak of Mauna Loa, in thecrater of Mokuaweoweo, next year,or In the year 1924, as nine years willhave lapsed then since Mauna Loa'slast activity.Wants House for Scientists.He also urged the construction of a-house at the summit in order thatscientists might Kbe quartered there inanticipation of this outbreak, as nobody has been known to have witnessed the first stages of one ofMauna Loa's activities.Previously attention has alwaysbeen attracted to the outbreak at thesummit by the reflection in the cloudsabove of the glow of the boiling, firefountains which had risen through'thesummit crate"r. The board of directors indorsed this suggestion.Doctor Jaggar's report reviewedthe work of the research station onthe brink of Kilauea volcano and theactivities of the association."jtEiicrf iySSiSSj mSwi-?w'lraflrat- gir.vrM. -it jTAKES MAN'S LEG FOR BOARDLandlady Steals Artificial Limb of' Joseph Bonarsky When BillRuns Too High.FARMERS I TRADERSm HANKPhiladelphia. A wooden leg, anIrate landlady and a board bill of $24caused Joseph Bonarsky, the boarderwho "forgot" to pay, to hobble into theSecond and Christian'street police station, using a frayed broom as a crutch.He told the desk sergeant that hislandlady, Mrs. Julia Snyder, of 835-South Front street, had taken hisvooden leg from him while he slept.He demanded its return."She took it," Joseph said, "as security for a board bill. The leg cost me$150. And I hid $10 in it before I wentto bed.""Police were sent to bring Mrs. Snyder and the leg to the station house."He owes me $24 for three months'room and board. "I only took the legfor security," she said.Joseph finally unraveled paper andsilver money from various parts of hisclothing and upon giving this to Mrs.Snyder he received his leg.t FARIS, KY,Bii Business Jan. 3, 1916S- wriiL." . .iifc" $60,000.00" Bsx---r SUKKLU$26,000.00NEW SWEDSH POSTAL BANKMinister of Communications ProposesThat Government Unite TwoDepartments.Stockholm. A postal checking account system whereby tb,e Swedishpost office department will be enabledto do a limited commercial bankingbusiness is proposed in a bill recently submitted to the Tiksdag and sponsored by Anders Oerne, minister ofcommunications. The bill also provides that the present postal savingsdepartment be merged with the postoffice service..:-siOFFICERSP. XImt, FraldtfttV. Lw Wfatfcra, Vic PrwldMtW. gPitcktll, CttkltrTW, YrkM. Airi CMkitrMiN&L-r &. y i. ' ti2- ' " IOrganize WMd Life League.Clarksburg, W. - Va. Organization-ivas perfected here of the Wild LifeLeague of West Virginia, designed tofoster nsh, game and forest protectionWife Valued at 6 Cents byJury in Suit Jor $50,000New York. Damages of sixcents for the alienation of hiswife's affections were awardedto John H. Stein' by the jury trying his $50,000 alienation uit,brought against Edgar H; Kanein theackecjt,.NvJ.. courtFire Volnen were on the Jury.-Chairman of the House RulesCommittee, Representative Campbell(Kansas) ; Repuhlican floor leaderMondell (Wyo.), and Speaker ""Gilletto, acting in concert, evidentlyimagined they are .doing PresidentHarding a service by preventing con--"feiderationof the resolution introduced by Representative Woodruff(Mich.), and Johnson (S. D.), bothRepublicans, for an investigation ofthe Department of Justice. Accord,ing to leader Mondell the passageof the, resolution will be a "reflection upon the President." But whatkind of a reflection upon the President is to when three of his allegedfriends combine to prevent an investigation of a. personal friend of thePresident and a member of his Cabinet against whom grave chargesare pending? Mr. Harding himselfcould not assume such an attitude,without subjecting himself to severecriticism. The only reflection on himso" far is in the appointment of Harry M. Daugherty to be Attorney,General, but this reflection would begreatly intensified if the President'shenchmen in Congress succeeded inpreventing an investigation of thechargt?gainst' ttbrntyii - GtralDaugherty.' r -The same plea was made that itwould be a reflection "upon PresidentTaft to investigate the Pinchotcharges against Secretary of the Interior Ballinger In 1911 but Ballinger had to go.s oMoons of the Planets.A moon is an attendant that circlesabout the planet of a sun. It is thesatellite of a satellite. The distinction between, moon and planet is notone of size. Two moons in the solarsystem Titan of Saturn and Ganymede of Jupiter are larger than theplanet Mercury, 'and xival the planetMars. Many moons exceed the asteroids, or tiny planets. A satellitejs ' held in sway by both sun andplanet. It Is ruled by two masters,and of these the sun is always thestronger partner.-Small Chick Feed.: GET A SUPPLY NOW - . . .' : 5:--' -.'... FROM ;-" -.;.".RF. COLLIERHungarian Melodies.The Serbian melodies "are solemnand impressive. Hungarian songs, -on:he other hand, s"how vitality and impetuosity. They are mostly In twofour time, but both rhythms and thetime charge continually.o-Never, With Us.Those who find fault rarely find favor. Boston Transcript.I?Five-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station messages isFIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or less.' USE HOME LONG DISTANCEParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporatedjrgaa.j' iiESiS?Sjo2:fcirirnrmaefr.N'2L'-. . :''-.'? ' - V--I y fWMTTAAn Appealing Array ofComplete bedroom OutfitsNo room in the house should receive more attention to detail ofdecoration and furnishing than the bedroom. Pleasant, tastily furnished sleeping quarters is every woman's desire, and can' be easilyachieved if the proper furniture is selected. A bedroom suite, of course,should harmonize with the size and general layout of the room in whichit is to be placed. For this reason we advise that you allow us to assistin making your selection. .iNFurniture for the bedroom maybe obtained in suites of various number of pieces or in individual articles.In all probability it will be possible toadd a dainty vanity or chifforette tothe suite you already have. However,as no other kind of furniture receivesthe consistent hard" wear that bed-rQom furniture does, it is imperativeto pick articles that can be reliedupon for dependable lasting service.With this fact in' mind we feel remarkably-wellequipped to furnish youwith bedroom furniture of the highestquality. Come in tomorrow and seeour complete display of this line.pmwS?s&!?mi--VHoosier Kitchen Gabinets will save your strength during thehotilays.Let us demonstrate one, to you- V-; : - r .'A. itwheeler teaCHA5. GREENE, ManagerC;- '&Wtf&&& ?$ W-PARIS, KENTUCKY5 lit -v-- O f..'4r? " r "rA 11"-IJ'fifp. mrS?f,. .-4?? -ilriiM1" ,. . ... A.-1 vl 'f..my-"rvf?xJ.i--,Hft-NmTUi.-m&&i-... 3iariii -' pwBSHBkidBBk 4f i 7- P-9XJf -- t.i -t.":---f . ."C'v'w '");..',:'- .- v - - ry. ' '--- - tv.Jtfgr.--,'v J ..-, "&... sf-,: iT ,. - --', -. j. ? -'TUESDAY, TTJ11fdii- l.1 -vv-v v TJ T. . --l, Y-- j -.: ?.iJ?Hti . ... z" . T -i- -1:?6ftNftMB PW WWT""'i!8ffy''!'M"l'''T!HilsemSAY "BAYER", when, you ."buy Aspirin.Unless you -see name "Bayer" on tablets, you are notgetting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians over 22 "years and proved safe by millions for. Colds Headache RheumatismToothache Neuralgia " NeuritisEarache Lumbago Pain, PainAccept only "Bayer" package which contains proper directions.'Handy "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Also bottles of 24 and 100 Druggists.Aspirin is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of SalicylicacidMOHTHLY BUSINESS EE7TEWTELLS T0BACC0P10SPECTS.OLD-TIME PABLOBSDo you remember the old-time-parlors of a generation ago? Theywere great show places, with theirrail gilded" chair, settee upholstered in horsehair, family album, stereoscope, china parlor lamp handpainted in gorgeous colors, and thefootstools made of six tin cans covred with carpet.Over in-the corner was the "whatnot," its shelves littered with seashells, souvenirs from the Philadelphia Centennial and the jug coveredwith an amazing collection of junkimbedded in putty.Awe-stricken children used topeek into the parlor when motherwas out in her new alpaca "leavingcards on" the banker's wife and"other social lights.For one was allowed in the parloronly on stated occasions funerals,when the minister called, when"company came" or when sister en-The Monthly Business Review,published at Cleveland, Ohio, under the auspices of the Fourth Federal Reserve District, and the Federal Reserve Bank, has the followingshort review of the Burley district:"The tobacco situation in the Burley section Is especially good at thepresent time. The Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Associationhas re-dried and placed in storagelthat portion jof the 1921 crop whichit did notsell in loose leaf form,An advance was made to the growers at the time they delivered theirtobacco to the Association "and asecond payment is due the latterpart of May."Reports from Western Kentuckyindicate that the dark tobaccogrowers' association movement isspreading rapidly and that a considerable proportion of the crop has already been signed up. This association cover the various dark tobaccoj types, both the dark fire cured andthe air "cured tobaccos. It is basedon obtaining a sign-up of at leasttwo thirds of the tobacco growersand it is expected that this proportion will be obtained during thetime limit set, so that the 1922crop will be handled by the association." oNoiseless Bird.The plumage of the owl is so enveloped in fine and downy filaments;that its flight is noiseless, says themerican Forestry Magazine. It takesIts victims unawares and therefore isable to overcome animals much largerT jr- -jmtertained the young sport who drove heavier than itself,up in a side-bar buggy. Shades ! bhmmmmmmkwere drawn In the daytime or shut-iters closed to keep the sun fromfading the brussels carpet.Next to the parlor was the sittingroom, center of home life, whereLittle Willie read "Rollo in Paris,"mother darned the socks and laterread "Godey's Lady's Book," and father read the headache news fromWashington, close up to the smok-iing oil lamp, squinting his eyes ashe peered through "specs."We laugh at that atmospherenow. But it produced some "mightysubstantial folks."TJSEBS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best adding,machine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisla a firm Tin on linnil i-irmn.. ! nlifm 'w u uii imvu uuiiu yayi. auu. auaulutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,m?mi&zmm$msmmm T Get Your Ticket 1Your TicketNowRedpathChautauquaThe 1009o -Program7 BIG JDAYSWERE ,A BIG SURPRISESTATES NURSEHad To Have Something To PullHer Through When Near CallopseIrom Overwork Chose Tanlacand Was Fully Bestored, SheSays. , .Mrs. A.- J. Mercer, 655 Neave St.,Cincinnati, Ohio, a practical nursefor twenty years, has given the following interesting statement aboutTanlac:"I suffered a nervous shock froman accidental death in my family,then found it necessary for me toearn a living for my three children.I re-entered the ranks of practicalnurses and worked so hard I was onthe verge of a collapse. My 'nerveswere shattered I had nouappetites, ateonly from necessity and sufferedfrom insomnia. My work was a burden and I saw I had to set mvselfbuilt up."I began takinsr Tanlac and improved almost from the first. Itwas really surprising the way I began to pick up. I gained tenpounds, and my work is much easier.My son seemed to have malaria andI gave him Tanlac. His improvement also was most gratifying. "Vegot such good results I am glad togive this testimonial."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists. (adv)oPURE WATEB WITHOUT C0L0BMM ESI . CANDIES -1jIN ATTRACTIVE BOXES 1 X ?' BAN APPROPRIATE GIFT --k TffiMISS HOLLADATs - - - - in mt - """ hi ! - $ --r - i"" .. A - . f ' Lr- 1 ij s tHEITNtSERSAL CAT '",';;; ' i ,-CHAUTAUaUA WEEK HEBEJULY 12TH TO 19THThis Is A Store For TheEntire Family -Summer Apparel For Men, Womeri and ChildrenThe Very Things You Want To Wear AreHere Quality First. Prices Always Right' rr rrJr.Take a day off andcome to our city. Ifyou are not - well acquainted; come directly to our Information Bureau on theFourth floor and letus tell you what thereis to see.Water in its purest state is practically colorless, except that it has ablue tint when a considerableamount of it is viewed together Thewater of Loch Katrine in Scotlandis nearly pure chemically, althoughit contains a very small amount ofcarbomfeious matter, which gives ita faint brown tinge. Water, undersome circumstances, looks as if itwas full of color, and this happenswhen light thrown upon it is reflected back again, as in the case ofa soap bubble and of a rainbow,the latter being formed of drops ofrain that reflect back the sunlight,broken up into its different partswhich resemble the colors of a rainbow, Stagnant or "bad" water seemsto have colors on it because of thedifferent forms of life growing on itssurface and forming layers which reflect the light back and forth. Thewaves of lige interfere with eachother and cause colors,pure water has a tastesalts dissolved in it and from the'atmospheric gases, nitrogen, oxygenand carbon dioxide which H it contains.BetctlyfroTtti theDown They Go Again !Lowestjrices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the -Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922Chassis $285Runabout 1 319Touring Car 348Truck Chassis :............ 430Coupe .. ,580Sedan "..... .V.T... 645(F: O. B. DETROIT)RU OGLESMOTOR COMPANYMMHIUHHt I H '1 1 1'M"I-'I"H''I"M"M"I"GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Service -BOTH TEtEPHONESDay Nlsht1 3T 399mm h mhh mtninnmm mm HiHHiHH miWANTS MORE MONEY TOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES?Our store reflects thegood old summertrme: Everything inapparel for the family graveling accessories merchandiseyou ,will be proud toown.You can spend an entiredaywith us a good res-'taurant serving the bestfood at reasonable pricesrest and reading roomsevery facility for yourcomfort.Come You Are VeryWelcomecrnftnT'ubleu aii fatefv-t "V ftftATKSTrroftft.---v'i--'CINCINNATI,. OHIODr. Frank L. McVey, president ofthe University of Kentucky, delivered the commencement address toforty-four graduates of the Louisville Normal School lasf week. ' .Dr. McVey told the new "teachersthat America's greatest problemsare ecomonics. He deplored the factthat an attempt is being made toerect a barrier to a much-neededforeign trade in the shape of a protective tariff.The educator indicated that thereis y something wrong with a nationthat will snend billions for liquorand tobacco, as the" United Statesdid in 1919, and will neglect to provide additional funds required foreducation.The teachers were told that uponthem will fall the task of impartingto future citizens a conception offundamental principles of economics. "Although your field does notyield a great financial return, thereis none in which greater happinesscan be had!.' Dr. McVey said.oSolitaire.Solitaire is a game played ,on aboard invented with 33 or 37 hemisphered hollows, with the same number of balls or marbles. An unoccupied hollow is left by removing oneball, and the balls, or pieces, are thencaptured as in checkers. No movesare allowed in diagonal directions oro;er more than one space at a time.The trick is to leave a solitary ball inthe center .hole. 'oDestructive Volcanic Outburst.Rising to a height of 13,000 feet, Snlya few miles Irom Kilauea, ib the greatvolcano of Mauna Loa, which has intermittent eruptions, the last one of greatviolence beginning in October," 1919,and continuing for five months, theflow coming. from a split in the"moun- !tain far down upon Its flank. The brackrolls of treacle" lava flowed for miles.through the sand fiats, forests andbare rock slopes, finally emptying Intothe sea, where giant clouds of steamrose day and uight. Myriads of seafish were killed by the boiling water.sf-tfiMA3LGET READY FORSPRINGToy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTING .NOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.AW Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced Pricestet Us Have Your Spring Work - -KANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phcnt 1087 Home Phono 399NarnrtiW ! prtkltrfc.ilan wcrlftirtceatljuuBtarthed In Grtec ,arrt CZrtHKtto tetorat- Mart rt m Juwr.iMuriiLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KIND,QFJPRY CEANINGFffHfTI5 " -"" . AhJj i- a- - v " " " " 4' '-'Wk ? - s--'- ?-TV f g 7 l -.gt . 1 i J Sr-i - i .-PJ .A Iti -." II 1-;Ititt,w"(--v $,,- ?'-,-r-j g;Tri-n' t,wn tm,."...2?j- V V-,vt. -? -,--. "-"-Ox,- r.TiriSDAY, TUNB U, ltit iPAGE EIGHTTHjB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYMLLERSBURGx "-"liittmtuig News Items Prom Bourdon County's College Townblue..srixJbLat and glores. . Mrs. M.C. Grimes presided at the piano jMiss Dorothy, Bonar., cousin of thebride, sang, "0, promise Me," and"I Love You Truly." The'" happy 1couple will be at home in- Carlisleafter a short bridal trip.- , Mr. A. C. Strode is visiting rel" Actives in MaysviHe."-- J. S. Poole, of Atlanta, Ga., isTisiting friends here.Mr. E. W. Floyd, of Louisville,;risited friends here the past week.Mrs. Anna Jefferson is visitingJier son, Mr. Garrett Jefferson, inaris.Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ball have returned from a visit with relativesIn Maysville.Miss Nannie Louise Best, of Lexington, is visiting her brother, A. S.Best, and wife.Mrs. W. S. Judy and son, JohnJudy, of Lexington, visited Mrs. J.B. Cray, Friday.Mrs. "Wallace Shannon is visiting her sister, Miss Natalie Scales,- in Crawfordsville, Miss.Mrs. Frank Allen Cook is guestof relatives in Winchester and attending commencement." The Twentieth Century Club,with their guests, spent Friday afternoon at the Simms farm.Mrs. Joe Toadvine, of Cleveland, Ohio, is visiting her parents,"Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Thompson.Miss Nannie Barbee, of "Washington, D. C, is guest of Mr. and"Mrs. A. S. Best and Mrs. Sallie Miller. - Capt. L. V. Taylor, of Hunision, Iowa, is guest of Lieut. HarryJtoche, at the home of Col. and Mrs.,3. M. Best.Mrs. Bessie Norton, of Lexing- ton, and Mrs. Tom Smith, of Charles-ton, S. C, are guests of Miss Nannie Burroughs.v Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Smith leftThursday for St. Joseph Hospital,Lexington, where Dr. Smith will remain for a rest.Mr. and Mrs. J. B. "Wooley, Mrs.-Galloway and daughter, of Falmouth, visited Mr. and Mrs. O. E.Surst the past week.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford M. Allennd daughter, Miss Bush ..Allen,liave returned from a visit to Mrs.Allen's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J3. P.Woods, in Stanford. """The large plate glass windowsin the Formers' Bank and postofficebuilding, which were damaged bythe intense heat from the fire whichdestroyed the Ingels building, have3)een replaced.The streets of Millersburg havebeen given a fresh coat of oil. Sev-N eral accidents of a minor natureHave been caused by people slippingon "the heavy colt of oil.Miss Hazel Kerr and Mr. Frank- -C. Henry were married "Thursdayafternoon at 4 o'clock, at the homeof the bride, near Millersburg. TheRev. G. "W. Nutter, pastor of theChristian Church, officiated. Thebride wore a traveling suit of darkDEATHS5AMMOLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Mnst Payrf "1rrra, r-sflIANDIfti&PERA HOUSE I IFISHBACK-John Fishback, eighty-sevenyears, died at the home of his son,Jesse Fishback, in this city, following a long illness, due to a complication of diseases. Mr. Fishback was anative of icholas county, where heTAsirlprl until a vear aero, when hemoved to Paris to make his homewith his son. He is survived by twosons, George Fishback, of Eminence,and Jesse Fishback, of Paris.The body was taken to Carlisle,where the iuneral was held Saturday afternoon at one o'clock. Services were conducted at the grave inthe Carlisle Cemetery by Rev. BelaMatcalfe, of Carlisle.2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.- 7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.TODAYTODAYQUINBYFollowing a protracted illnessdue to a complication of diseases,Mrs. Lucy Redmon Quinby, formerly a resident of Paris, died at anearly, hour Friday morning in aLexington hospital.Mrs.' Quinby was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. John T. Redmon,and was a native of this county, being born near Ruddles Mills, in1861. At the time of her death shewas in her sixty-first year.Mrs. Quinby is survived by twochildren, Mrs. Roy Bashus, of Missouri, and Hodney Quinby, of Oklahoma City, and by the followingfollowing brothers and sisters: MissImogene Redmon, Mrs. EdwardSpeakes, Claude F. Redmon GeorgeK. Redmon and King Redmon, allof this city.The body was brought to ParisSaturday morning and taken to thehome of her brother, Claude F. Redmon, on Cypress street. The funeralwas held at Redmon home Sundayafternoon, with services conductedby Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church. The interment followed in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearers were: Wm.Turner, Robert Turner, Chas. Leer,Green Leer, M. F. Kenney, L. D.Redmon."NA,tPalmBeachfSuitsThat Are Really" TailoredTo wear one of our Gen- uine Palm Beach Suits is towear the best trimmed summer clothes. The differencein price is small between' these and other suits thatmerely look good. Oursare finely'tailored, in manynew shades and styles.$12.50$13.50$15.00Mohair Suits.00 TOGabardine Suits.00 TOTUESDAYYOUR NEIGHBORS SAW IT! ASK THEM HOW THEY t.tttet) mJACKIE COOGAN HF in "Peck's Bad Boy" VRSSSffJSi"Every one from 2 to 102 will enjoy this wonderful picture Come bring the whole family with you.BEBY PEGGY in "PEGGY BE GOOD" and PATHE NEWSWEDNESDAY - - FREE DAY HBSSffiW V 83SS - - WEDNESDAYLADIES! If you wishto see the most extravagant display of finery ever presented in one picture, don't miss the DivineIB 111 J Wm t Bw IJ AMI vmaU HI ll- htHtiUHUN IN "I-1 IS I I I lUH TVEsieFeigusoa It'.s a Paramount Production A Picture that surpasses any previous work done by Miss Ferguson. A style show in ltself&"m"b With a story bubbling over with real thrills, romance and adventure You'll love it!THURSDAY Just Look, Folks! See Who's Comiog! THURSDAYWALLACE REID with LILA LEE in "RENT FREE""Wally" sure will please you in his newest picture it's simply fine! you'll enjoy "Rent Free," because it's just a little wdifferent" and take a tip from one who knows, Lila Lee is charming! -You'll love her! "Rent Free" is a picture one just -SLacan't keep from enjoying. " ' &Great Divide nto the unknown ' DESERVING DEMOCRATS CLASSAl.- LEERCharles Carroll Leer, agedeighty-seven, one of the best-knownfarmers in Bourbon county, died athis home, on the Maysville pike,near Paris, Saturday night, at eighto'clock, after a lingering illness.Mr. Leer was a son of the lateDavid and Cordelia Fleming Leer,pioneer citizens of Bourbon coiyity.He was born within a mile of thesite of the residence in which hedied and where he had lived forover fifty years. Mr. Leer was anauthority on matters connected withthe history of Paris and Bourboncounty, and was one of the best-postedmen on general affairs that thecounty contained. He was noted forhaving a most remarkable memory,and was often consulted by parties'making notes on the history of thecity and county. He was a man ofeducation and talent, and well informed m all that pertained tacounty, State and National events.Mr. Leer is survived by his widow,Mrs. Adelia Ewing Leer, and onedaughter, Miss Carroll Leer, and oneson, Courtland Leer, both of whonwreside at home.The funeral was held at teno'clock yesterday morning, with services conducted at thegrave in theParis5 Cemetery, by Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch.A most unsual circumstance waswitnessed at the funeral, the pallbearers, fourteen in number, wereall nephews, grand-nephews anfi firstcousins of Mr. Leer, who had expressed a wish that his remainsmight be carried by them to the lastresting place in "the city of thedead."world at eleven o'clock yesterdaymorning, following a long illnessfrom the inroads of an insidious dis- The editor of THE BOURBONease which- had fastened upon her. I NEWS is going to let Richard Lin-In the same house in which her sis- thicum, Director of Publicity of theter, Miss Nellie Fithian, passed Democratic National Committee,away from the same cause about a ite thig editorial:week ago, the end came. The "deserving Democrat" isMrs. Webb was a daughter of the &late Dr. Joseph and Emily Fithian, one that can be aPPlled witn neaterwhose high Christian character and truthfulness and greater justice tojrood deeds are enshrined in the editors ui ueuiocrauc newspapershearts of Paris people for all time, than perhaps to any other elementShe was educated in the schools of in the Democratic party. This canParis, and afterward attended other be said without disparagement ofeducational institutions, where she any other Democrats, because theraduated with high honors. Sev- Dartv is iare:eiv made un of men anderai-years ago she was married to woman who aeserve well, not only atCharles D. Webb, former Mayor and t- hds f th . . .. n, ..POliCeriManwnyiepd; ks of the Public well. Butitor of THE NEWS. Mr. Webb died .. . . ... . . .a few years ago. Mrs. Webb became .interested in the business life of.Pu m cs A1- . .. . ,.Paris, and purchased the. Paris' In Plltlcs' as m war lfc 1S theBook Company business from Mrs. by m the front-line trench thatW. A. Johnson, which she success- wins our admiration and our gratifully conducted to the time her in- tude, because when he fails all fail,creasing illness forced her to retire The Democratic editor is a first-linefrom active business. At the time trench man all the time. He is alof her death she was fifty-eight . immmmammmmmMmmmmmmimmmyears Of age. mmmmmmmamamtmuamiimmmmmmmkMrs. Webb is the last of her familv. her parents, her brother andWEBBLike the fading away of a deleicate flower the spirit of Mrs. Georgia -Fithian Webb, passed over the1525.00$25$35.00tPrice & Co.Clothiers 'SPORTHATSVALUES$5.00 to $8.50$2.95TO$5.00UhejCeaderIncorporatedDEPARTMENT STOREFARIST KENTUCKYways in closest and most frequentcontact with "the enemy." He isthe first to see a sign of weaknessin the opposite trenches and to takeadvantage of it. In a charge heconstitutes the front rank.Whether his paper be a daily ora weekly he is always on duty. ' Indefeat he is the first to feel the bad.effect; in victory he is the first one"over the top," but he does not always share a just reward, but heshould be among the very firt.Every Democrat owes a duty to hisparty, and that duty is only partlyperformed when he or she votes theDemocratic ticket. There are longperiods between elections whenmany Democrats give little or nothought to the men in the" firsttrenches. Unless these are supported and loyally supported, chances ofvictory are minimized. Support ofthe organization and by organization we mean National, State, county and precinct and support of theDemocratic press is not only theduty of all Democrats, but it is aduty that practically every Democrat can perform without hardship.Hundreds of thousands of dollarsare wasted in campaigns by candidates and party committees becausethey do not know how to spend itto the best' advantage. If Democratic candidates and committeeswould t consult with the local Democratic editors, these sums could beexpended in the most legitimate andeffective way. With proper co-operationbetween candidates, committees and local editors the maximumresults only can be obtained. Thereis nc danger that the Democraticpress will be or can be Newberryized, because such methods are repugnant to Democratic organizationsand candidates, and the Democraticpress itself is intellectually andotherwise honest.The United States is the world'slargest consumer of crude cocoa.sister having passed away. She issurvived by one nephew, GeorgeWhite Fithian and two nieces MissesEmily and Josephine Fithian, ofParis, children of her deceasedbrother, Dr. Frank Fithian.The funeral will be held at fouro'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery, by Rev. T. S.Smylie, of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, assisted by Rev. Frank J.Cheek, of Danville, her former pastor. The interment will take place.on the family lot following the service. The pall-bearers: will beNewton Mitchell, Owen L. Davis,John M. Brennan, Albert Hinton,Buckner Woodford, John Woodford,James McClure, C. B. Mitchell.MATRIMONIALfBETTER SHOES-BETTER STYLES-LESS PRICES: . -A Record of Dan Cupid's Doings As.The Days Go ByThe following announcementshave been sent out to relatives andfriends:"Mr. and Mrs. Ezekiel N. Kerrannounce the marriage "oftheir daughterHazeltoMr. Frank Congleton HenryThursday, June the eighth, 1922,Millersburg, Kentucky.""At Home fCarlisle, Kentucky."HAWKINS MORRISJohn Morris and MissMaryHawkins, both of Bourbon county,,secured marriage license from County Clerk Pearce Paton, and weremarried shortly after by CountyJudge George Batterton, in iiisoffice in the court house. The groomisa son of Mr. and Mrs. Dane Morrisand the bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Ellis Hawkins, of nearParis. ' -WILL PROBATEDThe last will and testament of thelate George R. Bell, was admitted toprobate in the County Court byCounty Judge George Batterton.Duncan Bell, only son of the deceased, qualified as executor' of theestate, by furnishing Bond in, .thesum of $2,500, no security beingSpecial Great SaleWHITEFOOTWEAR!Amazing valuesjn newest summer-styles in White Cool Canvas Straps and Oxfords for every member of the family. Come thisweekend take advantage of the great money saving opportunitythis economy store offers you.Special SaleExtraordinary Men's Tan LaceShoes; rubber heels. Special ...Men's Tan Lace Work Shoes?Special- r$3.45$1.85-- J -.fv r -Save the DifferenceLadies' beautiful snpw white CanvasLace Oxfords; Strap Slippers. Lpwand medium white enamel heels. 4 ft a- Special sale price mjjjSpecial sale Ladies.' White CanvasEnglish Oxfords. Low heels. 4 A ASale price J I -UULadies' beautiful newest stylesWhite Canvas Sport and plainwhite. A great selection. Sale A J Ape- JZ.4USale price Ladies and- GrowingGirls' Patent Strap Slippers and" Oxfords. Rubber Heels" at $2 99fO J ftd 7 JZ.43White Canvas Slippers; f A Jsizes 8 to 12.. .. ." J I .Z4Wonderful values in Misses $3.00Patent Strap Slippers. Sale 4 jjrMe JI.93DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy RrfBjrequired..-.". -. .'fi.&'. eb 3 3ww --:';- s.&-. "- vsN.iVy ? '