-- fNBKf&THE3 i -m r r.!EfI?PUBLISHED EVERY TUESpAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1922-ftv Bv BilV ' A Hlr v 1 HPEESBYTEIAN EDUCATIONALCAMPAIGN OPENS THISWEEKTHE ROOSTER TED?In this issue will be found the official schedule of the Booster Trip,The Presbyterian movement forChristian education will open up inParis this week. Mr. E. R. Pike,representing: the city section of themovement, with headquarters inLouisville, will arrive here Saturdayand confer with the Presbyterianchurch leaders on the work to bedone in this city.The Presbyterians plan to Taise$1,000,000 in Kentucky among the35,000 members of that denomination and this fund will be apportioned to Centre College, $300,000;Presbyterian Seminary at Louisville,$300,000; Kentucky College for Wo-THE STRIKE SITUATIONHopes of a settlement of the railway shopmen's strike, which wereWhich will be given on Wednesday, held out to the American publicAugust 30, under auspices of the following the big conference of lastParis Commercial Club and the mer- 'Friday, appears to have been wreckchants of Paris. The schedule has -fed completely,been made up so as to allow for de- i The 148 members of the Associa-laya at aimerent points. , turn uj. xvcni.wa.jr AetuuvcD, 6oiuvThe ladies of the Presbyterian ' ed from all parts of the country atchurch will serve dinner on the' the call of T. Dewitt Cuyler, theircampus at the Millersburg Military chairman, announced after hours ofInstitute, to the Boosters, at noon, secret deliberation that they stoodon that day. Tickets for the dinner for surrender by the strikers ofare on sale at the Farmers' Bank their seniority rights. It is knownand the Exchange Bank, at Millers- that when their conference openedburg, at 75 cents. , !at the Yale Club, Forty-fourthAll indications point to a most Street and Venderbilt Avenue, theenjoyable day for the Boosters. The Western and Southern executivesrelaxation from business cares, the and a number of the Eastern menput-of-doors trip, meeting and mix- favored conciliatory measures,iner with the neonle of all sections ! All nrosnects of peace, however,men, Danville, $200,000; Witherspoon College, Buckhorn, Ky., $50,- 0f the county, and the entertain- were shattered by the "die-hard"000; Pikeville College, Pikeville, ment features arranged by the group which for the last few daysKy., $50,000; and the balance to committees m charge, should mate Had been marsnaiing its . iorces iur"be apportioned to Matthew T. Scott, tne doy one ot unquanned dengnt. tne purpose oi oDsirucung any wnuo or peace tnat wouia not muau uio-TOBACCO BEING CUT PEEMA- rupting of the shopmen's union.. TUEELY I Persons in a position to speak auI thoritatively for the shopmen de-Jr., Academy, Phelps, Ky., Lees Collegiate Institute, Jackson, Ky.,and Sayre School, at Lexington."It will be seen," says a statement from, headquarters, "that webave covered every branch of educational work in Kentucky. We"have the endorsement of our churchleaders and the backing of everyone interested in education. Thesituation in Kentucky according toDr. Frank McVey, president of theUniversity of Kentucky, is seriousand everything that can be done tobetter educational conditions should"be aided by all interested in Christian education."Mr. Pike will arrange at once forthe appointment of local committeesto conduct the actual campaign.During the work here there will bea number of visiting ministers,widely known throughout the Presbyterian church.ICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.o 'Tanlac is a scientific triumph.Results prove it. Tanlac is sold byall good druggists. (adv)Premature tobacco cutting is go- clared that there could be no sepa-ing on in Bourbon county, as well as rate compromise. They said thatin other counties in this section, the strikers would have to go backowing to the drouth of unusual se- in a body or not at all.verity that is prevailing over the The gathering was the third theBluegrass. Farmers are cutting executives have held this montn iortheir tobacco wherever the plants the purpose of considering proposalsshow signs of "burning." The crop, to end the strike. At the first meetaccording to local growers, is being ing they unanimously rejected Presdamaged considerably by the drouth ident" Harding's overtures on thecompelling early cutting. . ground that they could not restoreSome farmers state that although the seniority of the men. At theirthe quality of the tobacco would be second they were divided on thisgood, the yield will be light, and is same question.considerably decreased. With the i oexception of some tobacco where the Members of the "Big Five" brothtops are still green,, the premature erhood group of rail strike mediacutting is not bad, as the crop is tors met yesterday at an uptownhousing up nicely. hotel, New York, and then left hur-Reports say that in scattering in- riedly for a secret conference at anstances the tobacco is really ready ' undisclosed place with representato cut, but that in most cases the'tives of the small group of rail exgrowers are cutting simply to pre ecutives who Wednesday were readyvent greater damage by the heat, to take up as individual roads iurCrops already in the barn are cur- ther negotiations,ing in good shape, the weather being The failure of a majority of theperfect for this stage of handling road to participate in negotiationsthe crop. which the so-called minority contin-Coin crops are reported as suf- ued late Wednesday night was asfering from the drouth. Early corn cribed to two reasons:gives promise of a good yield, but 1 Their refusal to recognize thethe late plantings are reported as seniority demands of the strikers asbeing anything but promising in ap- a basis of settlement,pearance and prospects. 2 Their refusal to consider tak-o ing back all of the strikers, a pointThere's no excuse for getting which President Hai ding's last pro-half sick and run down when Tan- 'posal contained and which the striking will make vou well, sturdy and ers have consistently demanded.strong. Tanlac is sold by all good , The minor group was understooddruggists. (adv), 'to be willing to take back all of' 'their old men providing it could be' done without necessitating a withS drawal from the stand on seniorityin which they concurred with themajority.EUSSELL EESIGNS AS -BLUEGRASS LEAGUE TTF.AT)Thomas M. Russell, of Maysville,president of the Blue Grass League,who was also president of the BlueGrass League of a decade ago, tendered his. resignation at a meetingof the club owners at the PhoenixHotel in ' Lexington, Wednesdaynight. Mr. Russell will continue inoffice until his successor is elected.Club owners present expressedmuch regret that Mr. Russell shouldgive up the presidency, but he explained that the pleasure of holdingthe oflice was not enough to compensate him for the "enemies" hehad made while trying to do hisduty. It was largely through theefforts of Mr. Russell that the BlueGrass circuit, composed of but sixclubs and carrying ,a schedule, ofbut two games a week, was able toweather the storms that threatenedto upset it during the early part ofthe season. No mention has beenmade as to who may be his successor. The meeting was hastily arranged, and was not announced by Mr.Russell until Wednesday. A number of other matters were discussed,including financial arrangements,umpires, "meddling with players,"and contracts. No definite actionwas taken, except that it was decided that all contracts be forwarded directly to the president.The Winchester and Lexingtonclubs agreed good-naturedly to fightit out to the bitter end for the possession of John "Rasty" Wright,who has pitched for both Qlubs,and who has also been sold to Pittsburg. Apparently an extensive legalbattle is to result.President Russell announced thatDevereaux, Winchester first baseman, and Class, Maysville outfielder, had been fined $25 and $10 respectively for a fist fight in whichthe two engaged in a recent game.Every club in the league with theexception of Mt. Sterling was represented. oGET BEADY FOE SCHOOL SPECIALBUELEY SPEAKERS TO ADDRESSGEOWEES T0-M0EE0WBoys' Tom Sawyer blouses andshirts, guaranteed not to fade, $1.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TXIAL OP EEESE EOX.SSTjgfU:lU'iai. ix.4rThe date for the examining trialof Reese Fox, charged with compileity in the murder of Leon Renaktr,at Winchester, was set for today;at 10 o'clock.James G. Denny, of Lexington,has been employed as counsel bythe defense, it was announced. Thother attorneys for the defense arG. T. Wycoff and James F. Winn.The defense will try to prove an!alibi for the accused by Fox'sgrandfather, John Rees, with whomthe boy makes his home, it waasMdAThe grandfather is expected, it issaid, to testify that Fox was at homeat 12 o'clock in the night of themurder. loITEE DESTEOYS COTTAGEGeoflrey Morgan, secretary of theKentucky Farm Bureaji Federation,and Judge Denis Dundon, of Paris,will speak' at points in West Virginia Saturday in the interest of theBurley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation. J. Sherman Porter,editor of the Burley Tobacco Growerand publicity director of the association, will speak to-day at Vevay andSaturday at North Vernon, Ind., atmeetings of tobacco growers to beheld in those towns.Clifton Rodes, who has been incharge of the West Virginia campaign, which included also the counties of Southeastern Ohio, passedthrough Lexington Tuesday on hisway to Western Kentucky, where hewill aid in the campaign to sign upthe dark district. Judge Robert W.Bingham, who has been financingthe dark district campaign, as he didthat of the Burley district, sent Mr.Rodes to West Virginia to organizethat State and, at the request ofJudge Bingham, the oflicials of theBurley Association agreed to releaseMr. Rodes for the present to thedark tobacco growers' association.H. B. Carpenter, of Andersoncounty, who has been with Mr.Rodes ever since Judge Binghamsent him to reopen the West Virginia campaign, is his successor asmanaeer m that territorv. He hasbeen one of the most successful ! BLOWING 01XWEII .SHOT IN MT.field men in the service of the asso- olriKlilNlxclatl0n' The Big Four Oil Company, which;Burley officials have been very recently struck oil on the Hon Packwell pleased with what has beenjing Company lot in Mt. Sterlingyaccomplished in that territory, is shot the well and the test showedwas stated at the offices, about 3,-; between 15 and 16 barrels of Penn000 growers having been added to sylvania crude. The well wasthe membership since Mr. Rodes re- brought in at a depth of less thansumed the campaign to sign them 300 feet. Another well was startedup. Mr. Carpenter and those as Wednesday by the same company onsisting him will press the work un-ltne farm of Mrs- w; R- Tor formerly tne w. r. i?'itzpaincK property, where a small well was struck'several years ago. Experts are san-' guine of a producing field when theymake their deep well test, which, itis understood, will be started soon.on the J. R. Magowan property.The one-story cottage of FrankParker, colored, at North Middletown, caught fire Tuesday morning'during the absence of the familyand was destroyed, together with allits contents, including $50 in cur-,rency. For a time the entire town?was in danger. A truck load of laborers from the Xalapa Farm rendered valuable assistance in savingneighboring property, and preventing spread of the flames.Fire. Wnd imd Ug bbiif Ibmttnce.. ,THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANBOURBON GUN CLUB'THE PRIDE OF PARIS"FOR HERWHO WOULD GO AWAYTO SCHOOL OR COLLEGEWe have selected a collection of Frocksksthat would serve many purposes andyet be in reason.A simple Dress for School Wear made ofPiquetine or Tricotine with a FlapperHat to match.A Frock of Silk Canton Crepe or Crepe'Back Satin developed in styles thatbespeak better wear.And for the Sorority Dance or theDinner ofr for Evening Wear we offeran exquisite array of Black Lace rEvening Gowns of many colors.i'.jj$-"Vpr JWe welcome inspection whetherbuying or just looking.v$mDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYMAKE VALUABLE FIND ATEUMMAGE SALESeveral months ago a rummagesale was held in the Northcottbuilding, on Main street, vacated byW. T. Talbott as a clothing store.As usual, all sorts of contributionswere sent to the sale, being mainlyarticles that could well be disposedof as surplus and undesirable stockaround the homes of Paris people.Among those who attended thesale was Louis Wollstein, of theTwin Bros.' store, next door. Mr.Wollstein had just disposed ofa good dinner, and feeling at peacewith all the world, stood taking inthe sights and sounds at the sale.Finally, the autioneer placed on salea pen-and-ink drawing, nicelyframed. Mr. Wollstein purchasedthe outfit for seventy-five cents, being desirous of getting the frameand glass more than the picture itenclosed. After the drawing hadbeen stowed away in an obscureplace about the store for severalweeks Sello Wollstein, son of thepurchaser, happened to be making aclose inspection and discovered the'drawing, to be a genuine one fromthe pen of Charles Dana Gibson,whose drawings have a high valuein the art world of to-day. Therewas the genuine flowing signature ofGibson in the corner. Art criticswho have examined the drawingpronounce it a genuine Gibson and avaluable find. The drawing illustrates "The Education of Mr. PipP,"the subject taken fiom one of Dickens' novels.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS.THE" TIME LIMIT IS GROWING' SHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OPFICE IN THECOURT HOUSE, AND LIST YOURTAXESBEN WOODFORD,TAX COMMISSIONER.EXAMINATION POR VETERINARYAPPLICANTSWe held our regular shoot Wednesday afternoon with twenty-twoshooters taking part in the afternoon's sport. The crowd was smallon account of so many housing tobacco, and threatening weather,which finally did develope in having several nice showers. Now if ouropening the gun club will have anythink to do with getting some badlyneeded rains, we will go over thereand stay open day and night. Thetrophy, a nice traveling toilet set,donated by A. J. Winters & Co., waswon by Douglas Thomas, Jr., aftera battle royal, four tying for firstshoo't-off, then two for second shootoff and the third shoot-off decidedthe winner. Don't forget the bigall-day registered shoot, which isknown as the Blue tirass Championship, and will be held at Hill Top,on the farm gf Alfred Clay. Scores:Shot At BrokeDoug. Thonias 100Wm. Ardery 100H. M. Pvoseberry . . . .100A. Buckner. . . . . . . . 75Amos Turney 75'Alfred Clay 75J. L. Dodge 75B. D. Goff 75N. F. Brent r 75"Roxie Davis 75C. Buckner 75Fred Burgin 50T. W. Lang 50J. C. Kenney 50Sam Clay 50R. Jones 50Sam Harding 50.Walter Kenney 50Dr. R. R. McMillan. . . 25Harry Kerslake . . . . 25Mrs. Harry Kerslake . . 25Mrs. M. J. Bursrin . . 2595928771716969696661604946444441353218'is!14!14til every grower has had an opportunity to sign.NEW HOUSE POR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS. ELECTRIC LIGHTS. LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnWELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, welf driller, Ver-rsailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)ROXIE DAVIS, Secretary.. o"THE SHEIK OF ARABY" TODAY'S FILM FEATUREThe annual meeting of the StateBoard of Veterinary Examiners'will be held in Frankfort Monday,August 28, for the purpose of holding, an examination for- applicants'for veterinary licenses.' - ..The Sheik a steed a girlsome speed! a tent a kiss ahug 0 bliss a flash a dash aclash then smash!"The Sheik of Araby," a thrillingromance of the desert with H. B.Warner as the Sheik. BeautifulNautch-girls, .lithe and sinuous inOriental attire real Arabians indeath-defying feats of horsemanshipdesert battle between Britishtroops and Bedouin bandits and astory fast and furious with actionand loaded with thrills.Get the song! hear the record!see the magnificent photoplay atthe Alamo and the Paris Grand tomorrow afternoon and night.LUGGAGE: For the College Girl' lift' C-K"srife.rnr 'Wvilli llliW hBt IhbYour College Trousseaushould be properly cared for, so that you willalways "look your best" on or off the campus.We are now showing a trunk specially designed"to care for" the college trousseau. It containsmany little conveniences and exclusive featuresthat will delight the college girl. And the pricefis unusually low for such a fine trunk.We extend an invitation to comein and view our showing ' of"TRUNX FOR COLLEGE USE"Throw off that tired, rundownfeeling and build up your strengthby eating nourishing food, Tanlacdoes it.' Tanlac it sold, .by all goodIdTttMrist. (adv)FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS.3 ,ao' 7.1 9Z&S!,-'"" ,Ht"Oilier ?P.AGK TWOTHE BOURBON 'NEWS; JPAfflB. NTUCjTFRIDAY, AUGUST , IMS.iiTHE BOURBON NEWS!':"'led 18f 1 41 Tears of Continuous PublicationPikiiked Every Tuesday and FridayPer Tear. $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.cOTIIT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.4satered at the Paris, Kentucky,J toffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OTO FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Mew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.JJhiladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Hassengale Adv. AgencyCinfcinnati Blaine Thompson. CoLomisyille Idwman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inch-ach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officestmust invariably be accompanied by'"the cash.Any erroneous reflection upon the--character, standing or reputation of-ny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS. will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSMary had a bathing suitIt all was in one pieceAnd every beach where Mary wentThey needed more police.Some farmers say nobody can af.lord to farm without a , tractor,-and some incline to the view that-nobody can afford to farm.The typical Paris man of to-dayis the fellow who has a change of- casings and a few spare tubes, although he maj'be short on shirts,tsox and pajamas.Judging from scraps of conversa-"tions we have heard recently the av-! formance of 'its tasks well-nigherage Paris flapper of to-day has imPssible- Tnen he seeks for sometaken up the idea that Maude way to escape into a new environMuller was an awful chump to do ment' from which across an intervalall that work in the havfipirt. !of time and distance,'he may see hisExperts say the game of baseballIs ruining the future of golf. Inour opinion the game that is ruining the future of golf is golf, andAlmost the same thing may be said-to apply to certain phases of base-call.The King of Egypt signalizes thefirst year of his reign by orderinga newspaper, forty-seven years old,to susupend publication. He's tooinexperienced to know .that suppressing newspapers, in the twentieth century is not practical politics. .The complexities of civilizationflncreases by Ifaps And without1Abounds. If yoKLriaa't. usp the rightcylinder oil your autojaobile upkeep expense will be increasedneedlessly, and if ou are no lubri-cologist how are you to find -which IIs the best oil?The following is taken Xrom arstory in a high-priced jmagazine,cand still some say American literature is on the decline: -"Finally, he walked forward, satdown on- the bearskin Reside her,taking her delicate ear gently between his fingers, turned her facetoward his."These two young Paris peoplewere all alone, full of life and hadlcnown each other but. a few days.'Still, the young man had been mak-. "ing considerable speed. It was-evening on High street. A cool"breeze was playing through theleaves and a kindly full moon with"the smiling feminine face, beameddown on them softly. The girlie inthe case sighed: "Isn't it rheumatictonight," And he hadn't the heart-o correct her.As we read the newspapers, and argood mfcny come our way, peopleare not so dogmatic as they were"t about a settlement of the strike norquite so iuii of advice either. The Inotion that both sides to the troubleay nave a very correct idea 0f.m&cnme roils and can suddIv vonwhat they are after and be capable"" running their own affairs is be-Cianing to pierce through andtkrough, and we wouldn't be sur-ried if before the last word hasWen snnVon if di. ji -,Jta it ,;mr,r...:e""leTer ""? a amoker who al-, , 4jrin6 iuev Americangame of'blu,'neither held & monopoly.It's really just a trifle hot,I won't maintain that it's not.But we can stand some summer stuff,For soon it will be cool enough.m mA dispatch from Frankfortyto thedaily papers says the tobacco cropin Kentucky is enormous this year.Yes but we can't smoke and keepwarm this winter.A certain business firm in Parishas posted the following sign in aconspicuous place, for the benefit ofemployes during the baseball season: "All who wish leave of absencebecause of grandmother's funeral, asick mother, the toothache, appointments with the doctor or the dentistand so forth, are requested to filesame at least three hours beforetime for start of thegame."baseballLittle drops of waterAll we've got to drink,Just right now I'll let my shareGo singing down the sink.We are of the opinion that analarmist is one who, in the seasonof corn fritters, fried chicken, canteloupes, tomatoes, fruit, and othergood things, loses sleep over theshocking decadence of women as revealed in the costumes worn by theflappers.The Jackson Times reports thatChester Fugate, of Quicksand Creek,killed a rattlesnake nine feet long onthe hill above Chenowee Tunnel,and V10 "if -rlr ViTr- kunVi r1imeal to fill the hide." But cornwmsKy maue in a ratuesnaKe niaeought to satisfy the most exactingdethander of a beverage with a bite.Can't you remember "way backyonder" when it was absurd tolspend the evening at the schoolhousedancing, and should you by anyany chance be caught dancing: whileat school you would be ostracizedand it would be the talk of the village? How times have changed?The parents are encouraging dancesand the flappers are encouragingcue uuyb. oo mere you are. Timeshave changed, indeed.,Vacation time is rapidly drawingto a close. And it brings this reflection one, at least, to every mancomes a day when the monotony oflife seems unbearable, and the per-special problem from a new angle.The writer wishes for every tiredsoul some such experience as the vacationists have had, a happy sojournin a friendly land, a willing returnto the old life, whose opportunitiesare seen with clear vision, andwhose blessings are received withi renewed thankfnlnpqsWHEN I AM DEADWhen I am dead, forget me, dear,For I shall never know,Tho'o'er mv r.old nnri lifoloac hands"w. )m.nnn. .. v ,j - i have been in Europe since Uune,Your burning tears should flow; L . Switzerland,111 cancel with my lWng voice Fnmce, England and Scotland. MissThe debt you owe the dead Mary Armstrong formerly of MillersGive me the love you showed me burg j0med the party in Paris,then,But give it now instead.And bring no wreaths to deck mygrave, 'For I shall never care,Tho all the flowers I loved the mostShould grow- and wither there.I'll sell my, chance of all the flowersYou'll lavish w&ea'rm deadFor one small bunch of violets nowGive that to nfe instead.What saints we are when we aregone! "But what's the use to meOf praises written on my tombFor other eyes to see?One little simple word of praiseBy lips ,we worship, saidIs worth a hundred epitaphsDear, say it now instead.And faults that now are hard to. bearOblivion then shall win;Our sins are soon forgiven usWhen we no more can sin.But any bitter thought of meKeep it, for when I'm deadI shall not know, I shall not care,Forgive now now, instead.(By Lady Celia Congreve, wife ofLieut. Gen. Sir Walter NorrisCongreve.)v oUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your conveniens wp am mcarrying a stockof the best addingwith one or a dozen at "a time. Thisla a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS.-o-Job was a patient man but heker whoa match.ways wanted to borrowMILLERSBURGv.nteresting News Items From Bourbon County's College TownMrs. John Purdy is spending afew days at Grayson Springs.Mr. A. S. Miller has returnedfrom a business trip in Missouri.Mrs. Anna Jefferson left Wednesday to attend the GermantownFair.Miss Alice Beal, of Danville, isthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. O. E.Hurst.Miss Fay McWhorters, of Lexington, is the guest of Miss FannieBurroughs.Mrs. C. C. Chanslor and son,Robert, are camping with a party offriends at Blue Lick.Mrs. Alfred Pence, of Toledo,Ohio, is the guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Jas. Toadvine.MrsJ. B. Ingels left Thursdayfor a visit with her daughter, Mrs.James Dowden, of Franklin, Ky.Mrs. P. W. Dickinson, wife ofSenator P. W. Dickerson, of Virginia, is the guest of her sister,Mrs. C. C. Fisher.Mrs. J. K. Lyle, of Lexington,and son, Vimont Lyle, of Salt LakeCity, Utah, were guests Monday of! Mrs Sup Sanrinskv.rMrs. Pruitt, who has been visiting relatives in Lebanon and Barbourville, is with her daughter, Mrs.W. D. Welburn.Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Carrico anddaughter, Mrs. George F. Stahel, ofCovington, are guests of Rev. G. W.Nutter and Mrs. Nutter.Mrs. A. S. Best and daughter,Sarah Miller Best, are guests ofMrs. Nannie Hunter and family, atWashington, Mason county.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Butler andsnn "Willi a.m. Jr.. Mrs. James RallsI d' Miss Nannie clarke are spend.,. n fftW davs at Gravson Snrines.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde O. Wilsonand baby, of Barboursville, Ky., areguests of Mis. Wilson's parents,Rev. W. D. Welburn and Mrs. Wel-burn.Mrs. Tom Bowles received amessage from her son, Pugh Bowles,who has joined the Navy, saying heis now located in Philadelphia, butwould sail for Brazil, S. A., the firstof September.The ladies of the PresbyterianVininVi itfiII orM"-irrv dinnan of 1 9 Q ftoQ lne campus of Millersburg Military Institute, August 30, to the."raniirhnn PJnnsfprs Tip.kPts are onsale at 75c atFarmers banks.the Exchange andNOTICE I have a line ofstamped goods, embroidery flosses,D. M. C. crochet cotton and flosses,' slipper soles' and am prepared to doall kinds of stamping.MRS. ATTA W. YOUNG,v Millersburg, Ky.(25-2t)While with a party from Millersburg and Paris, camping at theBlue Licks, Mr. Chester Strother, ofParis, rescued Mr. Snapp, of Ewing,from drowning in the river. Mr.Snapp called for help as he wassinking for the last time, when hewas rescued by the young man andbrought to the shore.Word has been received herefrom Miss Anna James McClintock,who is touring Europe with a party,that they flew over the EnglishChannel from Paris, France, to London, England, in an air plane, making the trip in two hours and threeminutes. Mrs. McClintock and partyFrance, and is touring Scotland withthem this month.The funeral services of Mr. Ed.Mitchell, who died Monday, v washeld af the home of his' brother, Mr.Russell .Mitchell, Wednesday morning, at 10:00 o'clock, conducted byRev. G. W. Nutter, pastor of theChristian church. Burial followedin the JMJllersburg Cemetery. Mr.Mitchell is survived by three brothers, Russell, of Millersburg, Morton, of Paris, Frank, of SpearsMills, and one sister, Mrs. B. F.Lancaster, of Spears Mills. Thepall-bearers were: J. B. Vimont, J.Wilson, E. R. Wagoner, P. L. Dimmett, J. F. Dalzell, T. Wagoner.Mrs. Thomas D welly, aged 28,died at her home Monday afternoon,after a lingering illness of severalmonths. Funeral services was heldat the home Tuesday at 2:30, conducted by Rev. W.- D. Welburn, pastor of the Methodist church. Burioi MiBfl , 4.1, nr-n u and insurance. Institutions that atlal followed m the Millersburg Cem-i . , . , . inn nA.etery, singing by a quartette, com-posed of Rev. Welburn, Mrs. Welburn, Mrs. P. D. Jones and M. E.Pruitt. Mrs. Dwelly before hermarriage, was Miss Bessie Hughes.She is survived by her husband,daughter, Ida May, aged eight; father, Thomas' Hughes, sister, Mrs.Harry Henry, two brothers, Edgarand Harlin Hughes, of Blue Licks.The pall-bearers were: EdgarHughes, Harry Henry, ShermanHughes, Bluford Claypole, MiltonDwelly, Millard Dwelly.Wrong Belief Concerning Hebrew.Less than two centuries ago evenmen of learning believed that Hebrewwas the original language, and thatall other languages were offshootsfrom it It has since been discoveredthat Hebrew was a dead language Inthe time of Jesus, and that no modernlanguage has been derived from It,not even Yiddish.TO MUQUtS OF $HI S1WUTGCIECLE XDo you wear corsets? If so, youare one of the women that the Ford-ney-McCumberRepublican Tariffbill will compel to pay $58,000,000in taxes a year. The proposed dutyunder the Fordney-McCumber bill is64 per cent, or 3.7 times the wagecost. The present duty is 30 percent on plain cotton corsets or nearly twice the present wage cost of17.3 per cent. The Fair TariffLeague to whom you are indebtedfor the statistics herein estimates that the proposed duty wouldbe a possible tax of $29,000,000 forthe manufacturers, and cost womenat retail price twice this, or $58,000,000. This tax is for manufacturers not for revenue. In 1919 thegovernment collected only $10,000 oncorsets; only $4,000 in 1920 and in1921 only $10,000.The Fair Tariff League, which hasmade a special study of this bill,says that the' proposed duty .willshut out imports and compel womento buy from domestic manufacturers at any prices they dare charge.A domestic manufacturer who isprosperous says, "It's an outrage."However, some corset factories arehard up, but so are some women.We make corsets cheaper and better than anywhere else in theworld. In 1920 the exports on corsets were 380 times the imports.The 64 per cent tax these corsetsis shown to be wholly unjust' by thefact that wages in the corset industry are only 17.3 per cent.The Fair Tariff League says thatthis corset tax is because womenhave not known and have notvoted.Are you going to vote for thisincreased tax by voting the Republican ticket or vote against it by voting the Democratic ticket? National Democratic Committee.AN ACT 0H0IDNE8A Paris Resident Speaks PubliclyFor J;he Benefit of Paris PeopleIf you had suffered tortures fromkidney trouble,Had experimented with differentremedies without relief;If you were finally cured througha friend's suggestionWouldn't you be grateful?The following statement has beengiven under just such circumstances: Mr. Link-has used Doan's KidneyPills.He publicly tells of the benefit hehas received.His is a simple act of kindness toother Paris sufferers.No need to experiment with suchconvincing evidence at hand.Mr. Link speaks from experie'nee.You can rely on what he tellsyou. fRobert Link, prop, grocery store,corner Eighth and High, says: "Ihave found Doan's Kidney Pills thebest kidney medicine I ever usedand can't recommend them toohighly. My back gave me no end oftrouble and there was a steady, dullache just over my kidneys. My kidneys acted too frequently. I beganusing Doan's Kidney Pills and in ashort time I was completely rid ofthe trouble."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask .for a kidney remedy Iget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Link had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)LEWIS BEGINS SYSTEM TO GBADESTATE BANESA system of grading State banks,the purpose of which is to compilea record of the business efficiencyof the 465 State institutions, wasannounced at the office of James P.Lewis, State Banking Commissioner.Points on which the banks jvillbe graded are: Loans, directors,duties, bookkeeping, capital and surplus, overdrafts, interest on deposits, officers and employers' bonds,tain a grade of 85 to 100 per centand put in the "excellent"- class;from 75 to 85 per cent "good;" 65 to75 per cent "fair," and below 65 percent, "unsatisfactory." Steps willbe taken to have those that are unsatisfactory to improve their business methods. VBanks placed inthe "excellent" class will be awarded a place on the banking department's "honor roll."ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPW have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, ab!a stock of paper rolls. These rollssxe made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcn buy from one to a case. Let usMare a trial order."( Jl-f t) THE BOURBON NEWS.T-Some neonle do more work acci-1dentally than others do on purpose.TOKUTA call has been issued f or a meeting of the members of the AmericanBankers Association in the auditorium of the West Baden Hotel, at 9o'clock on the morning of August24. The following program was announced for that meeting.Meeting called to order by A. T.Whitt, vice-president for Kentuckyof the American flaakrs Association, president of the WinchesterBank, Winchester, Ky.The following officers to be elected: A vice-president for the American Bankers Association to succeedMr. Whitt, whose term of office expires with the opening date of the1922 American Bankers Association; a member of serve on theNominating Committee to succeedRW. Cole, of Barbourville.Vice-presidents for Kentucky forthe following sections: Trust Company sections, tp succeed, G. E. Bess,Harrodsburg; Savings Bank section, to succeed Hugh Rose, Louisville; National Bank section, to sueceed A. M. Larkin, Newport; StateBank section, to succeed W. B.Snow, of Providence.oQuite the Reverse.4,A man isn't so apt to fib about hisage as a woman, but he evens up thescore when telling about his salary,"remarks an exchange. True, but herarely understates his salary as awoman does her age." Boston Transcript. MASTEOSALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMrs. Lizzie Brown PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Elizabeth K. Brown, Etc. DefendantsUndejr and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe ' June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, on.SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1922,.at the frqnt door of the court house,in Paris, Bourbon County, Kentucky,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder, the following described property:JLOt ino. l, tronts 50 teet onWinchester Street, and extendsback southward the same width200 feet, and is described thus:Beginning at the western corner of Burnett's lot on Winchester street, and running westwardly with Winchester street 50 feet;thence in a southerly direction200 feet; thence easterly to Burnett's line 50 ft.; thance alongBurnett's line 200. ft. more or less,to the point of beginning, making a lot 50 feet front and 200feet deep adjoining Burnett onthe east, and lot No. 2 herein onthe west and south and having adwelling and other improvementsthereon.Lot No. 2, fronts 50 feet onWinchester street, and is described as follows.Beginning on Winchester streetat western corner of lot No. 1,and running thence along Winchester street in a westerly direction 50 feet to line of Harris &Speakes; thence with their lineand Minogue's line in a southerlydirection 568 fdet, more or less;thence in an easterly direction100 feet; thence in a northerly direction 342 feet, to southwestcorner of lot No. 1, and where lotNo. 1 and Burnett's lot corner;thence with, the rear line of southern line of lot No. 1, 50 feet in awesterly direction;- thence withthe western line of lot No. 1 toWinchester street, 200 feet, moreor less, to the -point of beginning.A passway beginning at Winchester street, and running alongthe line between lots No. 1 and 2a distance of 80 feet and 8 feetwide is reserved for the use oflots 1 and 2. TheN8 feet of widthconsists of a strip 4 feet wide offof lot No. 1, running along itswestern line a distance of 80 feetfrom Winchester street, south,and the remaining 4 feet consistsof a strip of land 4 feet wide offof lot No. 2, running from Winchester street along the westernline of lot No. 1 80 feet, the passway thus occupying two adjoining strips of ground each four feetwide taken off of lots 1 and 2 respectively, along the western lineof lot No. 1 from Winchesterstreet, in a southerly direction 80feet.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety, forequal parts of the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively andbearing interest at the rate of sixper cent ( 6 ) per annum from dateof sale unt.il paid, said bonds to havethe force and effect of judgments.The two lots above described will besold separately."Said sale is made for the purposeof reinvestment.O. T. HINTON,-lfater--Celssione.B.C. C. -Uur 11-18-K)uWBWf SBBJBSJBvX&SmONOTICEThe firm of Mrs. S. W. Willia aadMiss Hattie Clark, who have beenconducting the Smarte Shopper-hasbeen dissolved. Mrs. S. W. Williswill 'continue the business.(22-2t)WANTED.A white woman to do cooking andhousework.SMRS. J. J. RICE,808 Main St., Paris, Ky.C22-2t)ltflERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to LexingtonLexington To Paris7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. J 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. , 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. A 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. ' x 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. m. x 2:00 p. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 5:00 p. si.7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m!8:15 p. m. 7:e p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or InQuantities, date unlimited, sold between aU points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TKACTION & TEXlONAL CO.(dec6-tf)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BAEBEBS-4TModern EquipmentExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSPARIS, KY.Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Klser, Pr Heat8. L. Weathers, Vice PresidesW. l'HltebeU, CashierJmo, W. Yerkes, Aas't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper..,.isjNE 30, isaBRIGHTEICEVENINGSJust HistoryIn 71The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttoa.And has Electric lightFARMERS TRADERSBANK'ywsi9r . li (nMBHalai). j jjV . je&JrlyjL &;. v- && -J?iSr.' .V4y fS;SijfVS, . V5-nTB:T - & jJ-'t 7"V - iT "IS -T" -"V .iV- yVtW" V5&&Sik '- ittzMki"Wi?-." i-9 m 5!wftff .SPTKSJilKpW. v5 ' ' J &. - "LliW:jssr1fcvl V,f aj. -. IBr -1'-"i1 '"V. .v VVfk-r-1'XFRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1922.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKTPAGE THREEAz "i' s Xl1 TOWN PESTSLEST THEY T0B&ETIt is said that in the Southland,no more, as of old, can one hear,while visiting or journeying through Jthat warm, sunny clime, the songs 1 Sterling.PERSONALSPaul McVey has returned froma visit to Mrs. D. W. Estell. in Mt." The Lady Shopper had the PooiMan drag out Everything in Stockand has Spent a Pleasant Afternoonwhich was All she Intended to Spendwhen she Came In. Merchants likeLady Buyers but Lady Shoppers areWhy Drysoods Clerks Go Crazy andStarr Running In Circles.SEEKINGCAMP OF "THE LONGHUNTERSTraces of the camp of the "longhunters," famous in the annals ofKentucky history the latter part ofthe Eighteenth Century, may befound by a party of Lexingtonianswho plan to explore a cave nearHill Springs, Wayne county, thelatter part of this month.. The "long hunters," it is related,came to Kentucky in 1770 from theHolesteen, the Clinch and the NewRiver regions and pitched camp in.Wayne county about six miles fromthe present site of Monticello. Fromhere they scatter in various directions to seek game, agreeing to return every five weeks to deposit thefruits of their labor at the commoncamp.The adventurous spirit of the"long hunters," however, preventedthem from keeping their agreement.,The hand of forty gradually driftedapart. Finally, in the early part of1771, the nine remaining membersof the band set out for home withthe pelts they had gathered. AtCumberland Gap they were met hy ahand of Cherokees, who relievedthem of their valuahle burden andthey return home empty-handed.The party of explorers will be ledas sung by the old colored population in days gone by. Songs sungwith a peculiar charm, which wehope will not be lost forever; theyseemed to have a higher, noblermusic of their o.wn.If you have never heard those oldmelodies as sung on the farm, incorn field, 6r on the cotton plantation by the southern colored people,if you have never listened to theharmony of their voices as the richtones are caught and carried by thebreezes out on Je warm night air,then you have missed somethingmighty fine.Negro melodies of the South havealways been xvery popular with theAmerican people and during the warthey enjoyed a vogue in England. But it is claimed that the remarkable prosperity of the Southhas had disastrous effect on the negro melodies. They seem to haveforgotten all about "Massa's in theCold, Cold Ground," and "SwingLow, Sweet Chariot." In fact, thecolored people "apparently shun themelodies, typical of the Southlandfor the typical songs of musicalcomedy.Somewhere way down in Georgie,we feel certain, could one drive to alittle cabin, all tattered and unpainted there'd be songs by the lightof the moon, which would easilymelt the coldest heart. Again we'dfind the young folks rolling on thelittle cabin floor all merry, all happy and gay, and again we'd listento the old folks in 'the meadow ornear the cabin door singing as ofold, not the new. airs of the day,but melodies of harmony, and low, acharacteristic of the colored "musicas sung in the Sunny South.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan he cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) . Milan, Ind.oWARNS PEOPLE AGAINST BUNKOGAMEA warning was issued by the Better Business Bureau of Louisvillehy Prof. A. M. Miller, head of the against silk stocking salesmen whodepartment of geology, University ofKentucky. Those who probably willaccompany him will be: Prof. W. S.Webb and Dr. Fee Tuttle, of the university faculty; Victor K. Dodge andSamuel M. Wilson.In addition to seeking traces ofthe "long hunters' " camp, the explorers hope to find evidences ofthe occupation of the cave heforethe company of the white men. Thecave is located near a well-traveledroad.Early accounts of the "long hunters" say they found near the caveevidences of former occupation, suchas rock-inclosed graves and the like.Charles Wilmoth is here fromAmarilla, Texas, for a short visit tofriends and relatives.Mrs. Rebecca Collier is visitingher daughter, Mrs. William D. Bedford, and family, in Lexington.Miss Princie Gaines has returned to her home in Georgetown, after a visit to friends in Little Rock.Edward Merringer, son of Mr.and Mrs. John Merringer, is recovering from a severe attack of scarletfever.Charles Chappell, of Baltimore,Md., is visiting Miss ChristineThomason and other friends in thecounty. 'Miss Georgia Kearns has returned to her home in. Mt. Sterling,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Everette Hopkins.Mrs. Buford Boone and daughter, Miss Gates, of Winchester, arevisiting Mrs. Boone's sister, Mrs. J.H. Neal, in Paris.Misses Louise Connell and Frances Kenney are visiting Miss HelenKing, in Lexington, and attendingthe Blue Grass Fair.juiss Mildred Collier, of Paris,is a member of the house party being entertained by Miss JosephineDoyle, in Shelbyville.Dennis Holleran, of KansasCity, Mo., is a guest of his sister,Mrs. Dan Jordan, and Mr. Jordan,at their home on Seventh street.Mrs. Edgar Tingle has returnedto her home in Covington after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. S. T. Chipley,at their home on South Main street.Richmond Register: "Mrs.Cassius M. Clay and son, John Clay,of Bourbon county, spent Sundaywith Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Curtis, inTRIBUTE TO PROF. JAMES K.PATTERSON"COLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute attack of Sasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio.o - ., Melbourne's Mot."Who remembers when one's newspaper used to come damp and clammy?" Speaking of that, the story istold of Lord Melbourne in the old daysmeeting an editor who had attackedhim in his newspaper. The editor wasbundled up and remarked that he hada severe cold. "Ah!" said Lord Melbourne, "that comes from lying ondamp sheets."apply and charge for the "nail filetest."Harry "W. Riehl, bureau manager, refers to the test as "a pernicious practice which is covering thecountry." He adds that "we justhave been advised that several crewsworking this 'bunco' game are operating in Louisville."The solicitors claim exceptionalstrength and durability to Mr. Riehl"substantiating this by the use ofthe 'nail file test.""In making this test, a nail file isslipped inside the stocking, pusheddown to the toe and then drawn rapidly upward. This makes a "soundas if the file were ripping the fabric. However, when the nail file isremoved it is noticed that the stocking has not been damaged in anyway."A prospective purchaser is giventhe impression that the salesmen'shosiery and none other will standthis test while, as a matter of fact,any silk or silk and fibre hose willstand similar treatment. The swindle lies in the fact "that salesmansells the stockings for a much higherprice than could be charged forthem in the average retail store."Conversational Cement.As you say, Aurelia, honeyed wordsare often used to mend brokenpromises.872 Cumberland379 HomeAre' the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and Fancy ,GROCERIESESSAY CONTEST DATES EXTENDED TO OCTOBER 6The closing date for the nationalessay contestvheing conducted by theAmerican Legion among school children of the country has been extended to October 6, it is announced at Frankfort. The Legion willdistribute $1,500 in prizes.The contest is limited to girls andboys between the ages of 12 and 18.Essays must not exceed 500 words inlength.The subject is "How the AmericanLegion Can Best Serve the Nation?"The essays are to be received bycounty and city superintendents notlater than midnight of October 6.They then are to be graded and thewinners sent to the State Department at Frankfort not later thanOctober 20. Winners of the Stategroup then will be forwarded to theNational Americanism Director.The first prize in the Nationalcontest will be $750; second, $500,and third, $250.Prices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated..,1 ri t'j.W jTAUL & STONENow they want laws to protectairplane traffic. Maybe they couldrepeal the law of gravity. -Waskimytom has a ,4 00-day clockTkey wiad it every time they catcha senator ,mirake. , - -this city."Miss Mary Elizabeth Neal hasreturned to her home in Richmondafter a visit to her aunt, Mrs. JohnJ. Williams, and Mr. Williams, onPleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Camery andchildren have returned to theirhome in Covington, after a visit toMrs. Fankie Morrison," and otherrelatives in Paris.Charles W. Fithian has returned from a visit in Huntington, WestVa. Mrs. Fithian remained for alonger visit with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Frank Hall.Misses Webster and McLarkin,guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Haggard, at their home on Cypressstreet will return to-morrow to theirhomes in West Virginia.Miss Jessie Mae Fee, of Paris,and sister, Mrs. Harry Booth, ofMontgomery, Ala., were guests several days this week of their aunfMrs. Jessie 'Sun, in Lexington.Mrs. James Woodford anddaughter, Miss Anne Duke Woodford, and Miss Betsy Ray have returned from a two-weeks' stay atClark's Lake, in Michigan.Misses Dorothy Crossfield, ofNew York, and Helen Barker, ofLexington, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to Miss Elizabeth Henry, at her home near Paris. JMiss Elizabeth Somerville, whohas been a guest of Miss ValetteMcClintock and Dr. and Mrs. J. T.Vansant, on Pleasant street, has returned to her home in Montgomery,Alabama.Governor and Mrs. Edwin P.Morrow issued invitations Wednesday to a dance they will give Weanesday evening, September 6, at theExecutive Mansion in Frankfort forMiss Edwina Morrow and Mr. Chas.Robert Morrow.Miss Edith Burns, who underwent a successful operation for appendicitis at St. Joseph's Hospital,in Lexington, last week, is reportedas improving and will soon be ableto leave the institution.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Renick andMiss Gene Renick, of Midway, Mrs.Harriet Renick, of Lexington, Mr.and Mrs. J. M. McVey and son,Paul McVey, of Paris, were recentguests -at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Lucien Terrill, near Paris.The Cincinnati Enquirer says:"Mrs. James Madison Arnold, 3IissSophie Arnold and Mr. Talbott Arnold, of Garrard street, Covington,and Mrs. Arnold's little granddaughters have gone to Paris, Ky., to reside. They have secured a furnished apartment which they will occuup until they can build a residence."Miss Louise Connell was hostessto a delightful bridge party at herhome on Higgins avenue. The roomswere tastefully decorated with garden flowers. Miss Connell was assisted in entertaining by her mother, Mrs. John J. Connell, and hersister, Mrs. Denis Dundon. At theconclusion of the games refreshments were served to the followingguests: Miss Caroline Mclntyre, ofMillersburg; Lida Collins, Lexington; Elizabeth Sommerville, ofMontgomery, Alabama; Helen Barker, of Lexington; Elizabeth Carter, Louisville; Nellie Case, Covington; Misses Vallette McClintock,Frances Kenney, Margaret Lavin,Elmeta' Hinton, Mary McWilliams,Mary Frances Campbell, CarolynWilmoth, Vernita and Mamie LeeBaldwin, Elizabeth Henry, SouleDavis, Nancy Barbee Wilson andMartha Talbott; Mrs. Fielding Rogers,' Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. I.D; Thompson, Jr. Mrs. FieldingRogers scored highest and wasawarded the first prize. The consolation prize, for wvhich all drew, wasawarded- to Missancy Barbee Wilson.(Lousville Times)Having lived beyond the reasonable expectation of the endurance ofthe silver cord, James K. Pattersonprobably felt as death hovered at hiscouch, that he had finished hiscourse. Certainly he had the satisfaction of secure knowledge that hehad fought a good fight. Kentuckywill fail to honor herself if the Statebe amiss in anything developingutfon Kentuckians, to keep alive thepublic appreciation of a man whoserved so faithfully, so long and sowell in advancing the cause of t education in this Commonwealth.For forty-one years James K.Patterson strove mightly in behalfof the University of Kentucky. Hiswas a bitter struggle, for he had tofight down ignorance and stupidityin practically every session of theLegislature. Yet he moved forwardand his progress for his beloved institution was the progress of Kentucky. Forced into pleading annually for the taxation pittance whichhad to serve for the maintenance ofthe University, Doctor Pattersonnot only kept the school going, butspreading and becoming more andmore a vital factor for the release ofKentucky farm hoys from th.e bondage of primitive methods and means.The experiment station which isso useful and important in' bringingKentucky agriculture to its -full fruition was founded by Doctor Patterson. The grounds for the Agricultural College were obtained by him.The appropriation for this collegewas due to his efforts. That DoctorPatterson was a man of parts wasnever better demonstrated thanwhen he went into court and foughtsuccessfully the attempts of lawyers to establish the unconstitutionality of the University's appropriation from the State.James K. Patterson was of Scotchbirth and blood. Maybe it was Scotchzeal for education which made himso tenacious and so conquering inhis determination to open the doorsof the house of learning to the young 'people of Kentucky. But he was aKentuckian by choice and Kentuckyclaiming him can hardly go too farin displying appreciation of whathis coming meant to the State.BENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice Cream -The crsam that posFesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sFor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT";the public healthParis is a healthy town. We believe in the gospel of good health asla foundation of success in all enter-'prises. We try to safeguard ourown health, and to protect thehealth of others. By carefulness,thoughtfulness and watchfulness, wetry to avoid the things that threatenthis community health. Believingthat "health is the vital principalof bliss," we strive to develop in theyoung generation a respect for thelaws of health, that they may behappy themselves and conserve the,happiness of others. !'In this respect the Paris play-1grounds are a vital factor in promoting the health and welfare of thechildren.Notice of Election of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-Operative AssociationTO OUR MEMBERS:The annual election for delegates who will choose district directors of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation wfTl be held between the hours of eight o'clockin the morning and four o'clock in the afternoon,SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1922.Each- member of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation is entitled to one vote by ballot for such delegate.Candidate's for delegates will be nominated in mass meetings to be held in the court houses of all counties in the Burley district onSATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1922at 2 o'clock p. m. Twice as many candidates as the countymay elect as delegates are to be nominated and each countyis entitled to one delegate for each million pounds dr majority fraction of a million pounds of tobacco of the 1921 cropdelivered. to the Association. In counties in which theamount delivered to the Association falls below a millionpounds 'such county shall elect one delegate, who shall havesuch fraction of a vote as the amount of tobacco of the 1921crop delivered to the Association may be to a million pounds.Growers who may not be able to attend the electionSeptember 16, may vote by mail or send their ballots to theelection officers and such ballots so voted must reach the election officers between the hours of 8 a. m. and 4 p. m., September 16th. If sent after 4 o'clock on the day of the electionthey cannot be counted in the result.Delegates elected in the various counties will meet Monday, September 18, 1922, at the- court houses in that countyof each district which delivered the largest amount of tobaccoto the Association of the crop of 1921, and will there organizeby the election of chairman and secretary and proceed to electa director for said district to serve for the ensuing year.Every member of the Association is urged to attend themass meeting in his county September 16, at which delegateswill be chosen. "By order of the Board of Directors of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Association.JAMES C. STONE,President and General Manager.H. LEE EARLY,Secretary and Treasurer.(aug25-29)THE OLD FAMILY TODDYAccording to a rural paper a Central Kentucky man prides himself inthe possession of a "toddy glass"that has been in the family for overa century. The "toddy glass" recallsan old Kentucky custom that wasan institution down to ante-bellumdays.The "toddy glass" was utilized forthe mixing of an old-fashioned toddythat was passed around and partaken of by company and the family.The common toddy existed beforethe sanitary crusade started and individual toddies became the vogue.In these days even if prohibition didnot stand in the way, the , old-time"toddy glass.' likely would be placedunder the health law along withthe common drinking cup.Judging by the tales we read, weshould judge that even an old saltwill sometimes get fresh.CCZENA!Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap),fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Kingworxn,Tetterorotherltcning skin diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.VARDEN A SON,Paris, Ky.miBuy Where They . All BuyIf You Want to SaveLemons, dozen. ....,, : 25cOranges, dozen 20cPotatoes, peck 40cSweet Potatoes, pound 5cOnions, pound . . ! 5cJello and Ice Cream Powders 1 OcPickling Vinegar, gallon 50cSun Maid Raisins, box 20cSeasoning Bacon, pound 1 5c and 23cCu-Tu-No Bacon, pound 30cBreakfast Bacon, pound 35c and 45cxPicnic Hams, pound 20cRegular Hams, pound . 30cLard, pound. 7 . 1 6c50-pound can Lard $6.75Meal, peck . .- 25cFlour, 24 pounds :....-. 95cto$1.10Sugar, 2,5 pounds . '. $2. 1 0Sugar, 100 pounds $8.00Honey in 1-pound sections , 25cPARIS BAKING CO. 1I. L. GLASS, Managerk(0kr Pnooali an Pat f )FARMTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and iaterestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSimmtKentuckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bid. Lexington, Ky.Ask Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, s. or NorthMiddletown Deposit Barik,North Middletown.LOAN IS IBourbon News AoSrertisers Gtt RcsoftriINIVXy1rx:viJA'&&$&:&9THE BOTJRBON NEWS, PARISr KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1922. -JPAGE FOURTWO VITAL NEEDS:There are two very importantNEWS OF THE COURTSTn the County Court Judge Geo.ro very uiww . -- Thomas Llovdtilings that go toward JV P. Thomas as administrated, live town one is persistent, i ana Jamegthorough and attractive advertising b Thomas They qualified for theand the other is backing up the ad- tr'ugt by furnishing bond in theTertising with performance. There sum nf $io,000, with Anna Thomasis no use advertising if you haven't as surety.the goods and there is no use navmg ( In the County court yesteruuythe goods if you don't advertise jU(jge George Batterton heard thethem. No town has ever benefitted case of Daisy Boyd, colored, charg"by'the man who sits down and waits ed with cutting her husband, Chas.for more enterprising and public- Boyd, with intent to kill, at theirspirited persons to bring trade to home in Ruckerville. The warranthim, and neither is it by the man.for the a sworn. whofailsjoeliver the goods when g gf the woman incalled upon. Both help make a cow Q bQnd tQ appear Defore thepasture of a town. When the busi grand jury at the next term of theness houses of sl community know BOUrDOn Circuit Court. Boyd, whohow to advertise and how to follow had een charged with beating hisup the advertising by giving good better-half, was acquitted. In deservice, the community is sure to fault of bail the woman was sent togrow, and that helps all the people, the custody of Jailer Taylor.Tot a part of every dollar stays in' In the County Court WednesdayAm u iiait "j. j , 4. momintr Boone Guy, white, was ar-'town. A part Of every dollar spent nbXe County Judge Geo.'in a town goes to taxes, churches, Bat6terton on a cnarge 0f havingcharities, street and sidewalk lm- moonsnine iiqUOr in his possessionprovement. Isn't that argument fQr the purpose 0f saie. After hearenough to convince you the dollar ing. tne testimony Judge Battertonought to stay here? i imposed a fine of $100 and a jailo sentence of thirty days. Guy fledEXPECTS COAL HELD AT FAIR 'from his home about a month agoXiAjrxiVxQ prices ,when it was raided by Sheriff M.iPeale Collier and Deputy vSheriffsGovernor Morrow's action in plac- Gibson and Gil key and his wherea-ing county judges on his State Fuel bouts were unknown until Tuesday. . J -r.1 -niTir when hes uddenly returnedCommission was described by F. M when J J auSackett, commission member, ,Jhorltl giving bond for llis ap."one of the most drastic and wise pearance in tne County Court tomoves in the present crisis." This answer tne charge. At the time theaction, it is understood, will keep re- raid was ma(ie Guy was not attail coal from going above a price home.of approximately $9.50 a ton to the Hobert Ritchie, of near Kiserton,BASE BALLYESTERDAY'S RESULTSParis 9, Lexington 5.Maysville 1, Mt. Sterling 6.Winchester 4, Cynthiana 8.SATURDAY'S GAMESMaysville at Winchester.Cynthiana at Paris.Mt. Sterling at Lexington.SUNDAY'S GAMESMaysville at Winchester.Paris at Cynthiana.Mt. Sterling at Lexington.A lOlSSAGE TO THE NEWS'READERSWANTEDIts principal' Tw0 girls t0 work September 1stliu i7m. ai&u uixc sii u.aiiw tuPxirnrTr SntnrrtnVc ivlioin cphnnl tnrtcspie of Paris, and Bourbon and sur-lMust be QYer 16 Experience notrounamg counues. ine reason liiiiiThis is your paper.reason, for being is to serve the peoParis defeated the Lexingtonteam in a loosely-played game atLeague Park yesterday afternoon bya score of 9 to 5. The game wasdevoid of any especial feature, savethe cruel act of Meadows in drivinga ball over the fence for a homer.Each team was officially creditedwith four errors. The attendancewas up to the average of formergames. "Valentine, who was cardedto occupy the pitching mound for(Paris, failed to put in an appearance.NEWS is so much better than anyother paper in Bourbon county isbecause our friends help us.Therefore, the success we attaindepends entirely upon the co-operationand assistance our friends andreaders render us. If the paper isnot what it should be, with yourco-operation and suggestions, wewill try to make it so.If you know anything that wouldbe of interest to your neighbor,; don't fail to notify us of it. If you'see anything odd or unusual calleither phone 124, and tell us aboutit. We want your help.necessary.(25-2t)Apply toS. H. KRESS & CO.LOST PINA Delta Delta Delta sorority goldcrescent pin, with thre stars,whole pearl in each star. Suitablereward for return to THE NEWSoffice. (25-2t)FOR SALEOne reed baby carriage, Lloyd"make, reversible bed; also a reedsulky, almost new. Call Cumberland phone 287. (It)FOR SALE.An upright piano, in good condition. Call Cumb. Phone 1083.MRS. CLYDE KELLAR,818 High Street.(25-2t)BUSINESS CHANGESconsumer in Louisville during thecoming months. In other sections ofthe State the price will vary fromthis figure, depending on the freightrates, but peak prices, it is assured,will not be reached at any time.ENDEAVORS TO MEET ATGEORGETOWN TO-NIGHTThe Sixth Christian EndeavorDistrict of Kentucky will hold anopen air rally at the GeorgetownChristian church to-night, beginning at 7:30 o'clock. Robert Rose,-of Paris, State vice-president of theKentucky Christian Endeavor Unionhas arranged a splendid program,-with Rev. Ralph W. Owens, of theSecond Presbyterian church, Lexington as the- principal speaker.PUBLIC SALEOFDESIRABLE COTTAGEFriday, September 1,AT 2:30 P. M.As agent for the owners, I will sellat public auction, the house and lot"at No. 1, Sixteenth street. This isa well built, substantial house, ingood repair, containing four rooms,pantry and bath. It is well located,just off of Main street, and willmake a desirable home. Terms, onethird cash, one-third in six monthsand one-third in twelve months,deferred payments to bear six percent, interest or purchaser may payall in cash. This sale shall take effect as of September 1, and purchaser must list property for taxationfor the ensuing year, but shall beentitled to the rent from said date.JAMES M. O'BRIEN, Agent.(25-3t)was placed under arrest Wednesdayafternoon by Deputy Sheriffs Gilkeyand Thomas on a bench warrantissued from the Nicholas CountyCourt, for having moonshine liquorin his possession. Ritchie furnished bond in the sum of $200 for hisappearance at the September term'of the Nicholas Circuit . Court toanswer the charge.Joe Cain, of Paris, was arraignedbefore Judge Batterton and fined$10 and costs on a charge of breachof the peace.Geo. Shears, who was a southpawon the Paris team of the old Blue-grass League, several years ago, wasla member of a touring party from(Indiana, visiting in Paris this week.. Shears renewed many old acquaini tainces and recounted many incidents of interest regarding the olddays of baseball in Paris. He isnow engaged in practicing chiro-j practory in his Indiana home town.Fred Toney, former New Yorktwirler, whom the St. Louis Nationals obtained by waiver from Bostona week ago, will not report to theCardinals until next season, BranchRixie, manager of the Cardinals, announced on his return from Nashville, Tenn., where he conferredwith the pitcher.Owen Wiker "Pete" Hisle, formerly star infielder on the Winchester team in ihe Blue Grass League,has gone to the Virginia StateLeague, where he will finish out theseason.Willard Lawrence, who is employed by the Indian Refining Company,at Lexington, has been appointedagent for the Paris station, and "wille transferred to this position aboutSeptember 1. Mr. Lawrence is aI son of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Lawrence,'of Georgetown.REAL ESTATE DEALSThomas S. Brown sold his smallfarm o& seventy-four acres, locatedon Houston Creek, to R. E. Jones,for 5,000 cash. The farm adjoinsthe Bourbon County Infirmary.Mrs. Jacob Elvove recently purchased a one-story frame cottagelocated on Virginia' avenue, inBourbon Hights, for about $900.Pat L. Burke recently sold a onestory frame cottage located in theRassenfoss Addition, to Rebecca Asbury, for $395.Harris, Speakes & Harris, Parisrealtors, sold at public auction Saturday for Mrs. A. L. Burley, twoone story frame cottages, one located on Higgins avenue, and the otheron Washington street. The purchaser was Jake Elvove, of Paris,who paid $1,700 for the two properties.We always have one day of grace-and that's to-day.The game in the Church Leagueseries between the Presbyterian andBaptist teams scheduled for Tuesday was declared off. Only threemembers of one team, and two ofthe other had appeared on the fieldby the time play should have begun. The next game is scheduledfor to-day between the Methodistand Christian teams, at 3:30 o'clockthis afternoon.BOURBON COUNTY TENNISTOURNAMENTSBIRTHSTo the wife of John S. Ford, ofCave City, a son, weight 9 Vz pounds.The mother was formerly Miss Judith Lloyd, well-remembered as amost attractive visitor to friendsand relatives in Paris. The youngheir arrived at the home of hisgrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. DanLloyd, near Germantown, Masoncounty.UBOOSTER TRIP ITINERARY, AUGUST 30, 1922Arrive LeaveParis 7:30a.m.Hutchison 8:00 a.m. 8:15 a.m.Clintonville 8:45 a.m. 9:00 a.m.N. Middletown... 9:45a.m. 10:30 a.m.Little Rock 11:00 a.m. 11:15 a.m.Millersburg 12 :15 p.m. 2 :00 p.m.Ruddles Mills 2:30 p.m. 2:45 p.m.Shawhan 3:00 p.m. 3:15 p.m. .Jacksonville 3:45 p.m. 4:00 p.m.Centerville 4:15p.m. 4:30p.m.Paris 5:00p.m.Lunch in Millersburg, . 12:30 P. MJ jDue allowance has been made in thisschedule fot"all delays. VThe Bourbon County Tennis Tournament will begin Monday afternoonat 2 o'clock on the Community Service courts. The following peopleare scheduled to play:Billy Yerkes vs. Sol Feld, at 2 p.m.; Harry Baldwin vs. Stanley'Price, 2:30; Yutaka Minakuchi vs.Bob McCarty, 3:00; Howard Willsvs. Louis Meglone 3:45; Bob Frankvs. Tom Spicer, 4:30, and HowardNippert vs. N. Biockmann, 5:15.The winner will be declared by thebest two out of three sets. For thefinals, however, the winner will bethe best three out of five sets. Themen's tournament will run threedays and the finals will be Wednesday afternoon.The girls will play Thursday afternoon according to the followingschedule: Margaret Lavin vs. Emily Fithian, 3:00 o'clock; HarrietRogeis, vs. Frances Steenbergen,4:00, and Mamie Lee Baldwin vs.Valette McClintock, at 5:00 o'clock.Two handsome loving cups havebeen donated by Dr. Dailey and Mrs.R. C. Talbott. The entries will notclose until Saturday and anyonewho wishes to enter is urged to doso before that time.NOTICE!In order to furnish to the peopleof Paris milk of good quality andhygienically handled, it will be necessary, after September 1, 1922, tocharge the following prices, whichare fair and reasonable to the consumer and afford only a small profitto the producer:Per Quart - 15 centsPer Pint - - 8 centsJ. L. HORTON,R. H. PATTERSON,MRS. RUSSELL RITCHIE,MRS. WILLIAMS,MRS. WILSON,EARL LINVILLE,WM. McCANN,MRS. EDGAR SOUSLEY,CHARLES WHITE,STONER KELLER,MRS. JULIAN FRANK,LENA JONES,WM. SAUER,MRS. W. M. COOPER,MRS. J. A. GILKEY,P. L. BURKE.(25-2t)"THE BANK OF SERVICE"BANK ITThat dollar in your hand may be thefather of your fortune and its children may be working for you whenyou have to stop.The easy spender may be a "goodfellow," but he is a foolish man andeverybody knows it.Somehow we all respect the manwho has "money in the bank."Your pass book is ready.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00Try Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTVr- r V, &, ' "" " ". V -DOING IT HERE, TOO!"Several motorists have been haledbefore Judge Thomas this week forviolating the speed ordinances. Afew heavy fines will go a long wayin curbing speeding and recklessdriving, which has been going on inCarlisle all summer." Carlisle Mercury.The motorists have been having apretty soft time in Paris, and veryfew of them getting fined, either!They apparently think they are immune from the law or any of its influences, as witnessed by their constant defiance.Last week we published an item tothe effect that High street is beingmade a speedway for demon autoists,to the detriment of life and limb. Aresident of Pleasant street tells usthe practice is not confined to Highstreet by any means, and that thespeeding business first started onPleasant street. He states that hehas seen many narrow- escapes, butwas, of course, powerless to do anything of his own volition to stop thepractice. He stated that he hadseen three very narrow escapes atthe corner of Pleasant and Thirdstreets, ( when autos driven by. reckless drivers, plunged down the streetwithout a sound being made fromthe warning horns, stopping barelyin the nick of time to 'avoid a col-lison that might have resulted inbroken bones, death, and the wrecking of both machines.We have asked in vain what is tob, the:rtet4y, what is tke solution?-Hns tWnc tlist miopia efrtn ttina'speedsters would b to What? Wko"The Old Reliable"Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationANNOUNCESThe OPENING OF A NEW CEPJECSATURDAY, SEPT. 2ndEvery one should own stock in thisthriving and prosperous Association,which has a record of fifteen yearswithout a dollar lost.iiAs an investment it is safe.$71 ZVlAs an aid to home owning it cannotbe surpassed. ' : ' '"'H. A. POWER, President JAS. McCLURE, SR., TreasurerWILL S. ARNSPARGER, Secretary7Sy?4u-Sa.- jj 'i.. v OFFICE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDINGi "cv&i ; ? u i -tL, vrk- ' "." v?'1-. l "x ..&---nf -t ,j .i nMBvAknows?' ' - - T. vl- v -I. V f -Kf FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1922.g ' ssssggggTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYm !PAGE FIT!CJkVkii?tc tuat i actUlr lb 1 HA 1 LASTHAVE YOU HEAED THE LATEST? iThe old reliable Bourbon Building''& Loan Association opens a new se- ing Mrs. B. F. Chenault, in Verlies Saturday, September 2. This is sailles.the time to begin saving. I Miss Jean Renick, of Eminence,H. A. POWER, President. j is a guest of .Miss Arminta Smith,WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y. .near Paris.o j Miss Nellie Fitrouse, of Cin-GET READY FOR SCHOOL SPECIAL cinnati, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.George Deiterman.Boys' all-wool suits with extra j Miss Irene Smith, of Cynthiana.trousers, $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SALE OF EDIBLESThe Friendship Class of the ParisMethodist church will hold a sale ofedibles in the offices of the Paris from a visit to relatives in NicholasRealty Co., on Main street, Satur- ville.day, September 2. The patronage jof the public is solicited., . . &PARISIAN PROMOTEDFithian Faries, son of Dr. andMrs. Frank M. Faries, who has beenflagman on the Maysville and Lex-.ington run on the L. & N. for sev-1eral years, has been promoted to aconductorship on the run. Mr. Faries has been a faithful employe, andbis promotion is a recognition of hismerit and ability.oDELEGATES APPOINTED TO THEAMERICAN LEGION MEETINGAt a called meeting of BourbonPost American Legion, held in theCounty Court room in the courthouse, Nathan Bayless and John M.Stuart were selected as delegates torepresent the local Post at the annual meeting of the State organization, which is to be held in Glasgow, Ky., on August 2S and 29.Jos. W. Davis, Jr., and Clifton Arnsparger were selected as trustees ofthe Soldiers' Memorial Board.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Friday, August 25 MayMcAvoy, in "The Homespun Vamp;"H. B. Warner, in "Dice of Destiny."To-morrow, Saturday, August 26H. B. Warner, in "The Sheik ofAraby!" Pathe News and "SingerMidgets Sideshow," Sunshine Comedy. Monday, August 28 Mary Pickford, in "The Hoodlum;" Pathe Review; Century Comedy, "ThreeWeeks Off."LYCEUM COURSE TOR PARISSuperintendent Lee Kirkpatrick,of the Paris Ciy Schools, has closed a contract with the United Lyceum Bureau, of Cleveland, Ohio,for the ensuing year's school lyceumcourse.This course is an unusually goodone, the program including the following attractions: The KaufmanQuartette; Robert Brown, lecturer;Francis Hendry, entertainer; TheMetropolitan Glee Club; The Pelletier Players; The Temple Singers;The Electra-Hunt Company; TheFour Original Americans; Ash Davis, cartoonist; DeJen, the magician.oCANTELOUPES, CANTELOUPES50c to $1.00 per dozen for RockyFord and 10c to 25c each for TipTop canteloupes.C. P. COOK & CO.THE. COMMUNITY PICNIC ONMONDAY, SEPT. 4.The highest type of amusementand entertainment features are being arranged for the big CommunityPicnic, which is to be given in thebeautiful woodland of Forrest Letton, on the Lexington pike, nearParis, on Monday, September 4 (Labor Day.) The day will be in thenature of a home-coming to many.Remember the special feature, musicall day by the Maysville Boys Band.Pun for the old and the young.Make your arrangements to be thereand spend an enjoyable afternoon, atleast.WHAT IS IT WORTH TO BE SAEE?Stock in the old reliable BourbonBuilding & Loan Association is asafe investment. New series opensSaturday, September 2.H. A. POWER, President.. WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.DISTRICT MEETING OF HOMETELEPHONE OPERATORSA meeting of operators and otheremployes of the Eastern District ofthe Central Home Telephone Com-Jpany was held in the Home Tele-phone building, at Paris, last nightat 7:30 o'clock. W. M. Paine,traffic superintendent of Louisville,was present and took part in theng's hospitality were: Misses Jomeeting, at did several delegates sephine Fithian; Martha Talbott,from Frankfort, Maysville, Cynthi-.Mary May, Elizabeth Henry, Tillieana, Carlisle, Mt. Olivet, Flemings- Ferguson, Lucy Ferguson, Nancyburg and Maysville, all of which Barbee Wilson, Vallette McClintock,pointg are a part of the Central Nannie Gay, Callie Gay (WinchesHome system. The meeting was ter), Messrs. Carey Clay , Sam Claycalled to order and presided over lr-Ward, George White Fithian, RusDistrict Buporiataadoat J. J. Veatch, sell Harrison, Geae Lair, John Ar-of Pari.PERSONALSComings and Goinsrs of Some Youi xr . vi iuww uiu vruicis xuuDon't.Miss Margaret Letton is visit-is a guest of Miss Rebecca Purnell,on Pleasant street.Miss Margaret Kenney has asguest at her home near Paris MissCarolyn Macklin, of Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. George Deitermanand daughter, June, have returnedMiss Helen Gaines, of Louis-vine, is a guest or Miss LouiseFisher, at her home on Mt. Airyavenue.I Mrs. Walter Gibson and littledaughter, Lucille, of near Paris, arevisiting relatives at CumberlandGap, Tenn.Misses Mary Burke and AnnaMay Schwartz have returned from avisit to Misses Bradley and RoseHill, near Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Blakeley, ofArmstrong, Mo., are guests of Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Markland, at theirhome on Eighth street.The annual picnic of the Methodist church was held Tuesday atthe county home of Mr. and Mrs.Grant Galloway, near Paris.Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrishand Mrs. Lena Parker, of Houstonavenue, left Wednesday for a tendays' stay at Martinsville, Indiana.Miss 'Ruby Jean Houston, ofParis, attended the funeral and interment of the late Mr. Wm. A.Rice, formerly of Paris, at Pineville.Victor K. Shipp, of OklahomaCity, Okla., guest of his sisters, Mrs.M. F. Kenney and Mrs. Charles Butler, in this city, is visiting Mr. andMrs. S. W. Willett, in Carlisle.Miss Ruth Allen Renaker andnieces, Misses Leah Belle McMillanand Catherine Martin, of Cynthiana,are spending the week with Mrs.Stuart Urmston, near Little Rock.Winchester Daily Sun: "Mr.and Mrs. George Wilson and Mr.and Mrs. Sparks Wilson and baby,of North Middletown, were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. T. I. Davis and Mrs.Alex Hardman this week."Mrs. Jennie Kenney Lyle, ofLexington, and her son, VincentLyle, of Salt Lake City, Utah, whohave been guests of friends and relatives in this city for several days,have returned to their homes.Stanford Interior - Journal"Speaker of the House James B.Thompson was over from Paris Saturday. He paid this office a call.He and Mrs. Thompson had been atCrab Orchard Springs for a fewdays."Rev. B. B. Hester and familyand ten young women members ofCircle No. Four of the CarlislePresbyterian church, are camping atthe summer home of Mrs. OllieBray field, near Shawhan, thiscounty.Miss Mary Forman, of Paris,and Miss Flora Keene, of Frankfort,members of the State Board of Examiners of Nurses, were in Cynthiana recently and inspected theHarrison Memorial Hospital, whichthey pronounced in first-class shape.Miss Mary G. Donaldson, of LosAngeles, Cali., has returned from avisit of several months with herbrother, Charles W. Donaldson, andfamily, in Greenville, Tenn., and isa guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Varden Shipp, near Clintonville.Mr. and Mrs. Sam Weathers,Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Weathers, andMrs. Mary Haley gave a picnic partyat Boonesboro Beach, Tuesday, inhonor of their cousin, Miss EvelynWeathers, of Oklahoma, who is visiting friends and relatives nearParis.Prof, and Mrs. R. H. Aldermanand son, of Lakeland, Florida, areguests of relatives in Paris and thecounty. They had been to Chicagopurchasing furniture and supplies'for their college, and stopped overfor a short stay.! Clarence Buchanan, of Paris,who went to Paris, France, last fall,writes that he now has a fine position in the securities department ofthe American Express Company,'which promises prospects of material'advancement.Mr. Buchanan gavehis present address as American Express Co., Inc., Securities Department, 11 Rue Scribe, Paris, France.Miss Elizabeth Clay and brother, Henry Clay, were hosts to a dinner bridge Wednesday evening atthe home of their mother, Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., on Duncanavenue. The gentlemen's prize, acarton of Chesterfield cigarettes, waswon by Woodford Gay. The ladies';pirze, a cloissonne cologne bottle,was awarded to Miss Nancy BarbeeWilson. The guests for the even-dery.George.r Arderr WjUUr Ken-ney, Woodford Gay (Winchester),Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Thomas.Miss Susie Clay, of Paris, is aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Dan R. Kimbrough, in Cynthiana.Miss Elizabeth Finnell, of Winchester, is a guest of Miss EleanorSwearengen, in this city.Miss Anna Louise Sauer has returned to her home on Mt. Airy avenue, after a visit to relatives inCincinnati.Misse Bertha Quiett has returned to her home in Middletown, Ohio,after a visit to her grandmother,Mrs. J. W. Rankin, near Jackstown.Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Fitzpatrickhave returned to their home in Dayton, Ohio, after a visit of severalweeks to friends and relatives inParis and the county.Mrs. Josephine Holland and littie granddaughter, Virginia Thompson, have returned to their home inCarlisle, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Thos. Holland, near Paris.Mrs. George Johnson and MissKatheryn Metz have returned toLexington after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Thos. Reed. They were accomapnied by Miss Ruth Reed, whowill be their guest several days.Bourbon county people are patronizing the Blue Grass Fair atLexington this week in large numbers. The excellent musical programs rendered by the Al. SweetConcert Band, is one of the biggestdrawing cards for the Fair.Mrs. James Madison Arnold,Miss Sophie Arnold, Mr. Talbott Arnold and Mrs. Arnold's two granddaughters have arrived from Covington to make Paris their home inthe future. They have leased thefurnished apartments of Mrs. C. O.Hinton, on Main street, which theywill occupy until their new home onScott avenue is completed. Mrs.Arnold was before her marriageMiss Eleanor Talbott, sister of Wm.G. and T. Hart Talbott, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 3)A RARE TREATTheatrical managers who can, onoccasions, fill in as vocalists, areVery unusual, yet, Paris can boast ofone who has demonstrated markedability. Miss Adaline Ward, localmanager of the Alamo and ParisGrand, rendered two beautiful solosat recent performances of "Over TheHill" at the Paris Grand. MissWard possesses a singing voice ofunusual excellence and understands'how to use it to the best advantage.'Her rendition of these solos elicitedmerited applause from a discriminating audience.HEALTH BOARD NOTICEPARIS, KY., AUG. 25.THE ABOVE BOARD HAS DECLARED WEEDS A NUISANCEAND DETRIMENTAL TO HEALTH,ESPECIALLY DURING THE LATESUMMER AND PALL, AND MUSTBE CUT. OWNERS MUST OBEYTHIS NOTICE OR FACE COURTACTION. FAILURE UPON YOURPART WILL BE FOLLOWED INTEN DAYS FROM THE ABOVEDATE BY WARRANT.A. H. KELLER, CITY HEALTHOFFICER.(25-2t)IMPROVEMENT NOTESThe business houses being erected at High and Seventh streets byHarris, Speakes & Harris, and on'Seventh street by John J. Connelly,are rapidly approaching completion,the construction work being almostfinished. Mr. Connelley will transfer his pulmbing establishment fromits present location on Main street,to the new location. The secondstory of the Harris, Speakes & Harris building is being finished foroccupancy as apartments.POPULAR CASHIER BACK ONDUTYPatrons of the Alamo and ParisGrand are glad to see the smilingface of Mrs. Jack Owsley again inthe box office at both places. Aftera month's vacation Mrs. Owsley hasreturned to handle the pasteboardsand wait on patrons at the boxoffices of the popular movie houses.Besides an amiable disposition, Mrs.Owsley possesses an ability to rapidly and efficiently handle affairspertaining to the box office to theadvantage of the patrons and thefinancial benefit of The PhoenixAmusement Company. -mLest You ForgetWe MentionWhen out shopping we have extra values at extra low prices, onLadies' and Misses' Suits, Coats,Skirts, Sweaters, Blouses, Dresses,Millinery and Oxfords and StrapSlippers, Dry Goods, Silks, Etc.,Corsets, Hosiery, Underwear, Etc.Remember to Call at the StoreThat Saves Yon Money.Twin Bros. Dept. Store- CHAS. S. GOLDSTINE , ,Corner Seventh mnd Mala StreetsS if, TUjPARII, KY.' , K-Hrsrr?PRE-SCH00L DAYN .-LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentEverything for Men and Boys619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.rfV!-J.VWe also call your attention to thebest spring made"VheTfastercraft"Either of these springs sent on30 days trialTHE J.-EITHERPHONE 3C ,Motor HarsIK k ;.SALE!Boys' Suits$15.00 Values S9.95$12.50 Values S8.95$10.00 Values $7.45$ 8.00 Values f... $6.45$ 6.50 Values $4.95Boys' Waists, Shoes, Hose and ExtraTrousers at reduced prices. Get hisneeds now.lYou, housekeepers, know that manybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofwfocraiBed SpringsNsuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dustand lint.And such sleeping comfort!just naturally relax and drop offinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of thessprings has just reached usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.OosTtiffhted Shannon Bd Spring Co., Inc., Lonlsrfllo, Ky.llT. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid Coach&rma"'IImSIXTH AND0kJ-Yovl JBVIMBIIBIKBSBUarisrtaHhu I. HX,.uarrs"? ,:;rVT ' "-- -ZVv'4V vn;-; ' - rtjt x -r , Tv I" :rr-ivPAGE SIX1 ! 1 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYto111 eftarettes77iey arcGOOD!10Bvy tf is Cigarette andSave MoneyJIVE GENERATIONS MEMBERSThomas W. Campbell, of Lexington, who has recently affiliated withDougherty Lodge No. 65 F. & A. M.,of Carlisle, is a descendant of a longline of ancestors who were membersof this lodge.Governor Thomas Metcalfe, whosegrandson, Thomas M. Campbell, wasthe grandfather of Mr. Campbell,was a charter member of the Carlisle lodge and helped -to organize itin 1820. Since then the sons of thesucceeding generations have becomeaffiliated with the Carlisle lodgeuntil five in all have become memheirs. There has never been a timesince the founding of the chapterwhen there was not a member ofthis family actively associated withthis lodge.Shortly after the founding of thechapter, Mr. Metcalfe became governor of Kentucky, in 1828. At thattime the governor's mansion stoodat the intersection of the Carlisleand Maysville and Lexington pikesin Nicholas county. This place wasknown as the "Forest Retreate" andit was here that the stage coachesof those days changed, horses.The Campbell chain of ancestorsas members of the order began withthe affiliation of John Preston.Campbell, who married a daughterof Governor Metcalfe. Mr. Campbellhas in his possession a Masonicemblem made by his grandfather,Captain Thomas H. Campbell, whilehe was in prison during the CivilWar, Captain Campbell, who was asoldier in the Confederate Army,was being held a prisoner by, theUnion forces on Johnson Islandunder a court martial of death. According to the family history, it wasat this time that he disigned theemblem from a piece of hard rubberand a ten cent piece.When the day came for his execution and he was brought beforethe firing squad it is related thathe presented the pin to the Unionofficer in charge who happened tohe a Mason, and his execution waspostponed. Later by the aid of thisofficer he escaped and returned tothe Confederate Army.Mr. Campbell, the latest to become a member of the Carlisle chapter, joined the Masonic lodge inJamalpur, Behar, India, in 1915.This branch is known as the lodgeof St. George in the East, and wasorganized, under the English constitution. At the beginning of the warin 1917, Mr. Campbell returned to-the United States and entered theAmerican diplomatic service, andwas sent to Colombo, Ceylon, asAmerican vice consul."AS ITNE A BODY OF MEN ASEVER FOUGHTYear by year the rapidly dwindling army" that followed Gen. JohnMorgan in the war between theStates has met at some convenientspot within Kentucky to fight anewthe old battles around the camp firesand to swap experiences of the daysthat had intervened since that gallant warrior fell on the battlefieldat Greenville, Tenn., in 1864. Onemay l)e sure that the stories of howthe rebel chief kept back an entireUnion army when he made his dashthrough the border of Indiana andOhio did not lack any details in thelater telling.For many years these reunions ofMorgan's Men were gala events, at-tracting thousands of visitors. Buttime has thinned out the ranks untilonly a mere handful gathered atLexington to greet each other forperhaps the last time, and to callthe muster roll of the regiment, towhich few will answer present."Morgan's Men" will soon become& memory only, but it will be apleasant memory of as fine a body ofmen as ever fought for what theydeemed right.Yhe Stork's Mistake."Oh, mother," said a little girl excitedly, "there's m new baby over atMrs. Brown's; but don't you think thefctork meant It foe- Miss Jones? whofcoards there? 'CauserMrg. Brown hasfaar children already and -Miss Jooashumr cot a statfe BotoTranscript.MAMgmJkU.S. FILM SHOWSDANGERS TO ELKCampaign to Save Majestic Member of Deer Family From Fateof the Buffalo.STARVATION GREATEST FOEAdequate Winter Grazing Grounds Arean Absolute Necessity WinterSnows Drive Herds Into ForestsWhere Poachers Get Them.Washington. The question ofwhether the elk a noble Americananimal and the most majestic of thedeer family is to follow the buffalointo near-extinction is asked in filmform in a new United States Department of Agriculture motion picture,".When Elk Come Down."Up In the highlands of YellowstoneNational park dwell the remainingbig herds of this animal. In the parkwhere they are well protected thereIs an abundance of feed In the summertime. But in the winter, when the bigsnows sweep "down on the Rockies,the elk are forced from the mountainsand out of the park, to the' lowerlevels where there is less snow. Inthis annual migration many of the elkpass into the national forests whichentirely surround the park. Thusthey become a source of concern tothe forest service, which, In co-operationwith the Montana state gamedepartment, is responsible for the newfilm.To Protect the Elk.The film story opens when a bigsnow Is due. From a ranger station,forest rangers and a state game ward"en start out to protect the elk from"tooth hunters." Up in the mountains"Six Prong," a great bull elk, sniffsthe coming snow and starts to lead hisdan to the lower country. Sam Bil-Most Majestic of Deer Family.ler, a notorious poacher, also sensesthe coming of "elk weather," and heand a companion leave their cabjn forthe open ranges, knowing that the elkwill be easy to trail and kill whenthey are handicapped by snow andhunger. The adventures of the three''elements in the triangle are. fthenshown, up to the trailing and killingof an elk by Biller and Blller's arrestby the rangers. The story ends withthe statement that the elk can beprotected from poachers, but that starvation, the animals' other dangerousfoe, can be permanently thwartedonly by - the provision -of adequateWinter grazing grounds.The available winter range in thenational forests is far too limitedin area to support the great bands thatmigrate from the Yellowstone park.The greater part of the winter feedinggrounds is, also, not within the national forests but under private ownership. The solution of the elk problem, it is said, lies in the purchaseof these private lands either by thegovernment or by popular subscription. Cold Photography."When Elk Come Down," was photographed last February in the Absaroka national forest, Montana. Thecamera work was done with the thermometer twenty and thirty degreesbelow zero. There are many scenesin which the elk appear on the snowcovered mountains. Good "close-ups"of the animals were obtained btf theuse of telephoto lenses.The picture, two reels in length, willbe distributed and exhibited largelythrough the co-operation of organimtlons Interested In perpetuating theelk and other game animals. Printsmay be borrowed from the department,or may be bought at the manufacturing cost by authorized institutions.Crow Rides With Mailman.Norwich, N. Y. John Cheehy, ruralmail carrier, has a pet crow namedJim, which rides with him on his mailroute. The crow has never offered tofly away and maybe seen every dayriding with Sheehy in the latter's automobile. Often the crow is perched on Sheehy's shoulder when he goes to thepost office to make up his mail for delivery. The crow was taken out of anest and is about two months old.Two Men First to Climb Mt. Victoria.Lake.Louise, Alberta. Val A. Flynnof St. Louis, noted amateur mountainclimber, and Rudolph Aemer, Swissguide, succeeded in climbing the faceof Mount Victoria In the Selkirk range11,600 feet. This is the first timevtlilsfeat has been performed. Flynn liastried It three times before.I , J .rBBBBflK .; ' vRBBBBBBSk&iBf BBBBBBBkSsBXSSSfib, 'v v m " ISPIRIT OF CO-OPERATION, AMONGKENTUCKIANSNothing has been more marked inKentucky in the last twenty yearsthan the growing spirit of co-operationamong the business men in thesmaller cities and towns and thishas aided largely in the developmentand progress of the State. Nowevery little town has a Chamber ofCommerce, a Board of Trade, aCommercial Club or a Business Men'sAssociation and many of them keepa secretary on the job all the timeboosting the town and attractingadditional enterprises.Before this spirit of co-operationcame the small town business manhad little in common and every tubstood on its own bottom. Usually itwas the case than that if one merchant" suggested something for theimprovement of the town that theother knocked it. Organization of acommercial body furnished thevehicle for a better understandingand an interchange of ideas that hasbeen helpful all around and improved the town.These business associations inmany cases have obtained the adjustment of discriminating freightrates and the furnishing of betterservice by public utility corporations. Also they have made for better municipal government and amore economical expenditure of thetax money.Kentucky tpwns have found thatthere is nothing that will boost atown more than a live commercialorganization. It is the "pep" thathas put many of these towns on thebusiness map. It took a long timefor them to get il but the Kentuckysmall town business men have learned the lesson typified in the motto oftheir State.KNOW HOW TO VOTE?While apparently in nowise intricate the secret ballot system of voting which has been operative inKentucky for over thirty yearsseems not to be understood by manypeople. At every election and inpractically every precinct in theState numbers of ballots are rejected and uncounted because of fatal defects and this means that thesame number of voters have disfranchised themselves through ignoranceof how to vote the ballot properly.It might be surmised that suchballots are cast by the illiterate, butas a rule this is nottrue as the unlettered voter usually votes thestraight ticket and stamps his ballot under the party device. In mostcases it is the voter who shouldknow better that hxnds in the ballots that must be thrown out atevery election.Whenever the experienced election officer finds a ballot in the boxperfectly blank and without thesemblance of any mark upon it heknows that it was put there by avoter of ordinary intelligence thatdid not know how to vote and wouldhave resented any offer to aid him inmarking the ballot. Not knowinghow to vote, but in order to save his-face this class of voter casts a blankballot and does it election afterelection.The "scratcher" often comes togrief and by disdaining any helpoften turns in a spoiled ballot. Itvery often occurs, too, that he votesfor the very candidate he intendedto vote against. All of this comesfrom ignorance of the forms of asystem that it would seem ought tobe fairly well understood after anexperience of over three decades.WATCH LOST FIFTEEN MONTHSIS FOUNDFifteen months exposed to windand weather, a gold watch lost inJune, 1921, in Lexington, was foundSaturday by J. M. Barker, 43 Clifton avenue. Plowing in the gardenof a neighbor, Mr. Barker lost histimepiece when it was nicked fromhis pocket -by a low-hanging fruittree branch. He spent hours inplowing the garden again in a vainsearch.Saturday, while smoking a cigarette, Mr. Barker carelessly flickeda match into some dry grass whichbecame ignited and burned a considerable area before being extinguished. At the foot of the tree thelong lost time piece was found.Although the leather fob hadnearly rotten away, the watch ranmerrily when wound'.: oARE BARBERS BETTER?For some years barber shops inKentucky were under State supervision. Barbers were required tostand an examination before theState Board of Barber Examiners appointed by the Governor and theshops were obliged to comply withfixed regulations of sanitation andservice.After being in operation for several years the law was repealed atthe instance of the barbers who kicked at the fee that went to the examiners and what they regarded asan unwarranted meddling with theirbusiness. The law had one good effect in that it brought the barbershops up to a certain standard thatsince have been maintained or improved upon through competitionfor the public patronage.- .rStreet begging is greatly-on theincrease in London.tftW""5Nuts withTHE FIGHT ON ILLITERACYKentucky made some headway inthe eradication of illiteracy duringthe last decennial census period andthe fact that the State went up afew notches in the ascending scaleof education in a measure must becredited to the anti-illiteracy movement started ten years ago. Thefight on illiteracy, however, was allowed to lag when ''the Legislaturetwo years ago failed to make an appropriation to continue the work ofthe Kentucky Illiteracy Commission. It seems appropriate that offeringsuch a field for a crusade against illiteracy, Kentucky should have furnished the idea that has become thestandard in the war on ignorance.This was the "Moonlight School"idea originated by Mrs. Cora WilsonSetwart, of Morehead, a dozen yearsago and since adopted by manyother States.Strange as it may appear the antiilliteracy movement was combatedin some sections where but few ofthe people were able to read and,write. On one occasion, Mrs. Stewart, while on a trip to a remote section was bluntly informed that they"didn't want any iliteratin' " aroundthere. Like other welfare movements it was opposed by some people who needed it most.That it is a difficult matter toovercome the -prejudices of the ignorant, aptly is illustrated by a storyin which the late Governor Lesliefigured. He was then a candidatefor State Senator and was opposedby another, who proved a betterdemagogue. The latter started thereport in a densely ignorant sectionof the district, that if Leslie waselected he intended to pass a lawmaking -the teaching of grammarcompulsory in the public schools.This was too much for the ignorant voters and they administered astinging rebuke by voting to a managainst Mr. Leslie.A political machine is somethinglike a talking machine.King George's new son-in-law hasquit work; but George hasn't anymore daughters left.When you feel tSS&nervous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills sgWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Props., Cleveland, O.For Sale By0BEED0EPEE, THE DRUGGISTDr-Waddell'sPile RemedyDon't SufferDon't be Operatedm until you bar tried Dr. WaddcJrsftURmdy. Absolutely haimlcM. Gvarto gttm absolute eatisfacbon ornrondacL $l.$p par botri aft youru not write as,m iv i ? i -j l . ' t. i -- nA"t'0 -" nran niiiuiiMvr.ft- v mere s a wuimwim vuui. xv --r- - ,hnfe. .it : ,., rfnnHnPcc nFtnis readv-to-eat ' IlBBBBBB)M Your grocer will supplyc3hB (k you wiin vrrupe-iywor T I Till IPS W - for&mWl. TJmBbsIKKbIbk ItnSilXapP f?uxlrgT.71.' I vZFBRlE&BBlBBBBJBBBJIc llXUSiV r"'fx-Sz$'m I BMJLBnBlBlHHlHKt BflBIT. gTf"-. W ' iiijJW WBBllBJQBl r-- FBvAfts V. --(-y?i!- - v jpi ni . Allrm BIBBSE2Ft Tj-- TEr , prSe o yigy imli i-wffzzfjftfitit'P??? I -'.? BBSBSflBiotBmHBUUw LAl SV lSBBBSHSMHsmdisarm the thermometerMEATS and starches for the body are likefuel for the furnace.wu nArmt (nf hrAolrtacf nr lunch. Grace-cream or milk and a little freshand turn oft the internal heatr Jtiere s complete nourishment, with cool comfort.Grape-Nuts contains all the nourishment ofwhole wheat flour and malted barley, includingthe vital mineral elements and bran roughage,and it is partially ore-digested in the long bakingprocess by which it is made.There's a wonderful charm for the appetitein the crisp, sweet goodness of this ready-to-eatfood, and fitness and lightness afterward, whichmeet summer's heat with a smile.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed(tUIMHtmi H'tH"! I"MH"H'-GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 3BO1?BourbDn County Booster TripAUGUST 30th, 1922"SEE BOURBONParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedVc1 We HandleI ElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERI MAIN STREETtzFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVEJBOXES "A AN APPROPRIATE GIFTfruit;9 f -s T"There's a Reason''Grape-NutsMade byPostum Cereal Co.. Inc.Baltic Creek, Micb.COUNTY FIRST"All Kinds ofNoveltiesOPP. COURT HOUSEr, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 192.WORN OUT AFTERSHE COOKEDA MEALTook Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable CompoundRead the ResultCincinnati. Ohio. "I suffered for aye&r with nervous troubles andirregular-ltiea before 1 tookLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound. My backpained all the timeand I was unfit forhousework. I wasworn out if I cookeda meal, and was unable to do my washing. My girl friendsand my sister toldme if I would takeyourVegetable Compound and Liver Pills I would be relieved. After taking the first bottle Ifelt better, and neglected it awhile, butfound I could not do my work until'lwas stronger. So I took the VegetableCompound again and now I am themother of a 19 months old boy. He isfat and healthy and I am sure I could,never have carried him if it had not'been for your Vegetable Compound. Irecommend your medicine to all womenalthough I am young to be advising someone older." Mrs. Christ. Petroff,318 W. Liberty St., Cincinnati, Ohio.Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound contains no harmful drugs andcan be taken in safety by any woman.OUR WELL KNOWN HOSPITALITY.Kentucky life has one outstandingfeature, the generous hospitality ofthe people that has made the Statefamous far and wide. The Kentuckian no matter what may be his circumstances is by nature a liberalentertainer and the stranger ordinarily is more than welcome underhis roof.The exception is the rule wherethe traveler cannot put up for thenight and eat the "vittels" affordedand not be met with resentment ifhe offers to pay. The host may permit a few coins to be given to the 'chidren of the household but oftenhe will draw the line at that. He Ifinds pleasure in entertaining the Jguest and making him feel at homeand the mere thought of commercializing his hospitality is repugnant. Many customs have changedin Kentucky but for the most partthe spirit of true and generous hospitality clings.This Kentucky trait is morenoticeable and talked about thanany other. Travelers from otherStates cannot understand how theycan drive up to a Kentucky homeand enjoy a meal prepared for themwithout a previous haggling aboutthe price of the accommodations.Their wonder increases when theyunwittingly offer to pay for the service and are rebuked for their presumption. Bragging on the cookingof the good housewife by the hostand mistress who are ready to provide for the next visjtor that comesaround.Kentucky hospitality is not confined to any one section but predominates in all whether it be inthe mountains or the lowland. AKentuckian's larder may be barelysufficient to provide for his ownneeds, but generally he is willing toshare his substance with the stranger within the gate.oKENTUCKY HOMESPUN JEANSA suit of clothes made from Kentucky homespun jeans now is a rarity but the cloth still is produced ina. small way in remote sections ofthe mountain country. There theold-time methods of carding thewool, spinning and looming arepracticed in the production of thefinished cloth for which Kentuckyonce had a nation-wide reputation..Kentucky statesmen of the olderperiod always appeared attired injeans and occasionally now men areto be seen wearing a home-spunjeans suit of the most modern sartorial cut giving the .wearer an airof distinction.In most cases the mountain loomsnow are devoted to weaving rag carpets in which handiwork many ofthe women are experts. Many visitors have marveled at the blendingof the colors and the artistic designs in rag rugs woven on a mountain loom.O"LEATHER DEALERS SAY "HORSECOMING BACK""The horse is coming back," wasthe message brought to Louisville bythe thirty-sixth annual conventionof the National Harness Manufacturers and Leather Goods Dealers'Association of the United States."Not that the automobile will bedisplaced, but that there is a fieldof usefulness for both, and that thehorse can not be economically replaced by motor-propelled vehiclesfor many utility purposes," as onedelegate put itIn. Africa ther rareS43 .ipokenlanguages and dialects. .m & IHI! '57mTHE XOUISYHLE 6 NASHVILLEBUILDING NEW LOCOMOTIVESThe Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company is negotiating for thepurchase of twenty-five largest type,latest design locomotives to be usedfor hauling coal in the Corbin district, according to reports from Louisville. While no definite announcementof the letting of the contract hasbeen made and while it was said byofficials of the company that thecontract had not been signed, it isunderstood that the locovotives areto cost about $45,000 each, or $1,250,000. in all.The contract is to be let, it wassaid, either to the Baldwin Company, of Philadelphia, or to theAmerican Locomotive company ofSchenectady, N. Y. . 'TO MEMBERS OF THE SEWINGCIBCLEThe proposed duty on hosierywould add $2 8 9? 00 0,000 to theamount the American people nowpay, which sum, it is estimated bythe Fair Tariff League, woulddouble to the consumers at retail,making $578,000,000. Out of thisenormous sum the governmentwould get a possible revenue oonly $3,600,000.In the production of hosiery andknit goods the United States is themaster of the world. Our exportswere thirty-eight times more thanour imports in 1919 and ten timesgreater in 1920. Our exports weremore than 50 per cent in excess ofimports in 1921 when all foreigncountries were rushing merchandiseinto the United States in anticipation of increases in the tariff. Wemeet foreign prices in foreign countries. We could "meet them here, butthe manufacturer not only wants toshut out foreign competition, but hewants to fix his own price, whichunder the new tariff bill would bethe worst kind of a profiteering taxation. Read what the Supreme Court ofthe United States, in the Marshallcase, said about this kind of taxation :"To lay with one hand the powerof the government on the propertyof the citizens and with the otherbestow it .upon favorite individualsto aid private enterprise and tobuild up private fortunes is nonethe less robbery because it is doneunder the forms of the law and iscalled taxation." The Fair TariffLeague asks: "To whom does thiscountry belong the hosiery manufacturers?" The Republican party in its tariffbill legalizes this kind of robbery.The Democratic party is . opposedto it.You can help to stop it by' votingthe Democratic ticket this fall.-o-PRIORITY SOUGHT FOR HIGHWAY MATERIALIn an effort to obtain priority orders for material used in publicroad building in Kentucky, SenatorRichard P. Ernst, State HighwayCommissioner Joe Boggs, of Frankfort, and Green Garrett, of Winchester, held a conference with Chairman McCord, of the Interstate Commerce Commission at Washington.They explained that unless materialcould be obtained promptly, 5,000men would be thrown out of employment on the State highways within60 days and that work on roadbuilding would be delayed seriously.Commissioner McCord, a former 1Kentuckian, promised to do his bestto provide the opportunity for Kentucky to get its building materialwithout interfering with the necessary distribution of coal.VIOLIN PROVES TO BE RAREHNDAt a sacrifice sale, held in Hazard, its passing to the unremittent cruWilliam and Charles Newlandjsade of the health authoritiesbouerht a Stradivarius violin from an laerainst a. notential menace to nublicold colored man living on ClearI Creek, it having been given to onejof his ancestors by a Kentucky pio-neer. The old man joined thechurch at a revival and has takenhis religion so seriously as to believe that "fiddling" is sinful. Tomake his conversion perfect, he decided that the fiddle which had beenhis treasure and companion formore than half a century must beremoved from his cabin, and theNewland brothers accepted the opportunity to buy it. The instrument bears the date of 1721.oSTATE W. C. T. U. CONVENTIONMrs. Frances Beauchamp, Statepresident of the W. C. T. U., hasissued the call for the annual Stateconvention to be held in Covington,September 22-26. Financial pledges, accepted memberships and special'campaigns will be features of rej ports from local unions. The Worldw. u. i. u. convention win De neiain Philadelphia November 11-16,and the National convention will bethe , two days followlngrcalsor in"Philaft alii Vita '' tUV.M.t.fTHE BOURBON jiEWSTEIGHTY-ONE JUTD- STILL GOINGSTRONGUnder the ahove heading theMaysville Daily Bulletin of Tuesdaypublished the following regarding afine old gentleman of the old school,well known former resident of Parisand Millersburg:"Mr. John W. Boulden, of thiscity, yesterday celebrated his eightyfirst birthday anniversary."He is a Southerner and a Kentuckian to the core, was one of 'Morgan's Raiders,' and is rounding outhis autumn days in the quietude ofhis home and never neglects to attend the annual meeting of GeneralMorgan's remnant of survivors. Mr.Boulden is now day clerk at the St.Charles Hotel, in Front street. Hecan relate more, unpublished reminiscences of those old war times thanany man in the State. Yesterday,his sister, Mrs. Nannie Hunter, ofWashington, gave a birthday dinnerin Mr. Boulden's honor, and the affair was bounteously beautiful andtrue hospitality characterized theoccasion."oDID YOU EVER STOP TO THINKThat to get the best results in advertising, you should use your newspapers because they are read inevery home. -That this is the day of golden opportunity for your city. If the opportunity be .postponed throughneedless delays it may be lost. Thisis your opportunity to do your shareto make your city a .busier andbigger city.That you should boost, not knock.There is some good in every city.Help to develop the good.That you should not wait to beasked to boost your city, do it without the asking.That you should always rememberthere is two sides to every question.You might be on the wrong side.That an ideal city is essentially acity of homes. A good city in whichto live and make a living.That your city is. an industrialcity, whose income is balanced by arich surrounding agricultural section. That your city should be a friendly city. While it is ideally locatedfor industrial expansion, to beknown as a friendly city and takepride in this friendly spirit will bea great asset to attract newcomers.That a man in looking for a newhome, could find no city which couldoffer him better educational facilities or more wholesome living conditions than can be found in yourcity.That you should start right nowand become a live business booster.oOLD ORDER CHANGETH' Another Kentucky institution hastoppled since prohibition has gotwell on its way, writes a staff correspondent. No longer is the erstwhile familiar "balsam bottle" to befound in easy reach on the shelf ofthe average rural home, for the reason that one of the essential ingredients hardly is available to most ofthose who clung to the remedy as ageneral specific.The preparation consisted of abalsam pear in a bottle of whisky.It was regarded as an effective firstaid and good for almost anythingfrom a lacerated finger to "tummyache." The balsam bottle had a traditional place in nearly every wellregulated family and it had come tobe looked upon as something theycould not get along without. Withits contents drained for the last timeand no more whisky in sight, the oldbalsam bottle was parted with aslike an old standby with nothingelse to taake its place.Many of its users did not realizethe force and effect of prohibitionuntil it hit the balsam bottle.THE OLD TOWN PUMPThe old town pump with its germencrusted iron dipper dangling froma chain now is a curiosity. It oweshealth.' The fellow that nearly all his lifeslaked his thirst at the old townpump may be pardoned for beingsomewhat incredulous about the mis-givings of the learned health experts and the lurking dangers ofbacteria associated with the publicpump. Be this as it may the townpump had to go when public sentiment was aroused against prevailinginsanitary practices and there ishardly a doubt but at that publichealth has been the gainer.o -BOARDS OP- COMMERCE TO REPORT PROFITEERINGBoards of trade and chambers ofcommerce of Kentucky have beenlisted by Governor Edwin P. Morrow in his fight to prevent profiteering in coal. In a letter madepublic he requested' that the- members report instances where industries and- coal dealers are chargedmore than $4.50 a ton at vthe mineand where consumers are beingcharged -an unreasonable- and uriconscionablV profit." i wPARIS, KENTUCKY vlGEND QUIETS FEARVolcanic Activities Fail to Disturb Older Hawaiians.Remember Ancient Legendary Agree- !merit in Which Pel, Goddees ofthe Volcano, Promised to 'Withhold the Lava.Hilo, Island of Hawaii, T. H. Recent volcanic activity in the ancientpits of Makopuhl, Hanau and Napau,which have been "dead" fcince 1840,drained much, of the -lava that hadmade Halemaumau, the vast inner crater of the Kilauea volcano, so spectacular, and caused much fear that thelava would flow toward the sea andinundate the little villages of Kalapana, Panau and Puaa.The older generation of Hawaiians,however, entertained no such fear, forthey remembered an ancient legendary'agreement that had been made byPele, goddess of the volcano, withKama Puaa, the Hawaiian pig god, bywhich Pele promised her lava 'wouldnever flow through Hilo or Puna tothe sea.Pele and Kana Puaa had an argument and Kama Puaa went to Halemaumau, Pele's home, to .fight it out.The god and goddess fought until Pelewas overcome, and she pleaded forpeace, according to tne legend."We shall have peace if you promise never to allow your lava to flowthrough Puna or Hilo to the sea,"Kama Puaa said. Pele assented, andshe has never broken the promise,fearing a return of the hated KamaPuaa, ,the legend said.In 1880, when a lava flow was proceeding toward Hilo and threatened todestroy the city, the Princess Ruthcame from Honolulu here and, standingnear the flow, reminded Pele of herpromise and her danger from KamaPuaa'if she broke the agreement. Theflow stopped immediately, according tothe older Hawaiians.On several other occasions Pele hassent her red-hot rivers in the directionof Puna and Hilo, but they "have neverreached the two places.The last activity, resulting from anunderground flow from Halemaumauthat broke out at Makaopuhi, 11 milesdown the great southeast rift thatleads from Kilauea, has changed heappearance of Kilauea, Hawaii's greatest scenic attraction, tremendously,according to persons now at the crater.It is now possible during favorablewind shifts to approach close to thepit-rim in what was known as Pele'soven.Although the pit of Kilauea showsno activity, volcano observers say that"she is not dead, only sleeping."TO RID CHICAGO 6F RATSJ. L. Nichols, who has started workto reduce the rat population, of Chicago by three million. --Mr. Nichols isJust fresh from cleaning up -the East,and when he finishes his campaign inChicago, figures he will save the city$8,000,000 a year!SEEK GOLD IN OFFICE SMOKEUnited States to Filter Clouds FromWall Street Assay Buildingfor Saving.New York. Thousands of dollars'worth of gold and silver which nowgoes up in smoke each year throughthe stack of the United States assayoffice in Wall street is going to besaved by the government. A dispatchstated that work has been 'started onthe installation of the Cottrell electrical precipitation equipment. Throughthis equipment there will be recovered suspended particles of preciousmetal from the gases arising fromsmelting and refining operations.The gases which will be treated willpass up flues, provided for the purpose, to the precipitation plant. Superintendent Isaac H. Smith, who hasbeen conducting tests, believes thatthere will be 'a saving in the recoveryof gold and silver of from $8 to $9,000a year net.. " White Squirrel.Kansas City, o.. A white squirrelis a rarity. Last week, in Shannoncounty, a man saw a white squirrel gointo his hole in a bigak tree. Thenext day he took some incredulousneighbors, determined to capture thelittle animal. It was necessary tochop .down rfour trees before this wasjaccomplished. And, sure enough, the' squirrel was alT white with" pinkeye?It now lives In a cage In BlrchTrt..BBsflfesBL.M? . '" 'X -' 'mat " , ,&If? 'v s1Bf ' JKtm ' "ill Vr . 55 . , A r'.!& 'W .. ' - yi j 7Afc voii mmmmmmmMH N. jUSf mmmmmmmwH mmmmmmmmXmmmmmmL-- JLLMflkC mmmmmmmmm' mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMkmmmmmmmmmmmti" "" '"' ' p p r m ii ., ! . Mmm mm. b- - Mzhe xm tsanrsA l c aYou Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYParis, KentuckyiXHXSXi:::iX!iXIIXBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors 1Telephone No. 4xThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris,LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGsW BWslsHMBvMSHiSSRBSBV. I jWE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.riliUP Hilil IklMHkW'll?Two -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth7 St, Near Main Both PhoneI Vt-jafT-jjasapiirnmi' m??1' ,cixaixaixiHXiLaundryWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve- mments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are 2prepared to do work infe- Mrior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.KentuckyiKK;,iv9-1IDtrvii,1MMaaaMtMjMaMBMsyyr -..11,$& w'r-s --,V. V .tz-Ars4Lfv?v-P -& vr , 3T -,r-'!y-."V,THE BOURBON NJCWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKYTAG EIGHT" rFRIDAY; JUJGUST 25, 1121,-VV' i tDEATHSlife Is But A Brief Span, AThat AU Must PayDWELLEYMrs. Bessie Hughes-wife of Thomas Dwelley, died Monin womanhood, and as friend, neigh, bor, mother, was all that those termsI imply.Mrs. Thomas was a sister-in-lawBcbt 0f the late Squire John W. Thomas,of 'Paris, and of George-Thomas, deceased, of Paris, and an aunt ofDeputy Sheriff Douglas Thomas,Dwelley, Mrs Candice Smith, J. Will Thomasand Mrs. John Mitchell, all ot Fans.f l( THEA-mEll Iday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, atf Slie iS survived by the following"!fier home in Millersburg1, after a lin- children: Miss Mary Thomas, ofBering illness of five months. Mrs. "Winchester; Mrs. Jos. B. Heizer, of"Dwelley was a daughter of T. P. Covington; Mrs. John T. Hedges, of:Hnglies, a merchant of near Blue parjs; Mrs. Addie Smith, of Paris;"Xlck Springs. Her deceased mother Mrs L q.. Reed, of Winchester;was a daughter of Mrs. Edmond Mrs Dewese Ecton, of Minneapolis,--Claypool, of near Clintonville, also Minn.; Mrs. W. S. Massie, of Win--.niece of Mr. and Mrs. W. S. i chester, and also by fifteen greatHughes, of Paris. She is survived grandchildren and six great-great-"bj her husband and one daughter. I grandchildren.The funeral was held at the fam-t Tne fUneral was held at the faultily home in Millersburg, Tuesday jily home in Winchester at ten--alternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with ser-1 0'ciock, Wednesday morning, withapices conducted by Dr. C. C. Fisher. services conducted by Rev. J. H.The interment followed on the f am- ( MacNeil, pastor of the WinchesterIAND12:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.-jly lot in the Millersburg Cemetery.oMITCHELLThe funeral of Edward Mitchell, aged fifty-two, who died suddenly while at work Monday near Paris,was held at the home of his brother,."Russell Mitchell, in Millersburg, atten o'clock, Wednesday morning."Services were conducted by Rev. G.W. Nutter, pastor of the MillersburgChristian church. The burial followed on the family lot in the Millersburg Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere Ed. Wagoner, J. B. Vimont, F. Wagoner, P. L. Dimmitt, J.IF. Dalzell, J. Wilson.DWELLEYThe funeral of Mrs. Bessie'!Hughes Dwelley, aged twenty-eight,-wife of Thomas Dwelley, who died at GordonChristian church. The intermentfollowed on the family lot in theWinchester Cemetery. The pallbearers were Guy Smith, ..WilliamMassie, Thomas Massie, RaymondHeizer, Jos. Heizer, and Cecil Hart.MATRIMONIALA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AiThe Days Go ByIIEDGE YOUNGMiss Ethel Edge, eighteen, andMr. Walter Young, nineteen, bothof Lexington, came to Paris, Tuesday, and secured marriage licensefrom the County Clerk's office. Theyweremarried shortly after by Rev.B. Crawford pastor of the"the family home in Millersburg,Monday afternoon, after a lingeringillness, was held at the residence'""Tuesday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. W.D. Welburn, pastor of the Methodistchurch. The interment took place- on the family lot in the MillersburgvCemetery.GATEWOODFuneral services for Mrs. IdaBeck Gatewood, widow of ColonelJames B. Gatewood, of Mt. Sterling,were "held at the Gatewood residence,725 Garrard street, Covington. Burial was in Spring Grove Cemetery.The Rev. J. J. Marieta, of the Seventh Day" Advent church, Cincinnati,- -and Rev. W. L. Huntley, of Coving--ton,officiated. Mrs. Gatewood wasa member of the Ohio Newspaper'Women's Association, the E. M.Bruce Chapter, United Daughters ofthe Confederacy and the Kentonv-County Equal Franchise Association.Felix Memorial church, in Lexington. The attendants were thegroom's father, R. C. Young, and asister of the bride, Miss NellieEdge, all of Lexington.The party motored to Paris for theceremony, returning to Lexington,where the bridegroom is engaged aschauffeur. Before leaving the courthouse a liberal supply of rice, oldFRIDAY Double Feature Day FRIDAYMAY McAVOY "Home Spun Vamp"Here's a helter skelter, hodge-podge of fun and romance, breezing along the laugh line straight into the "lfeaTts of every audience. iH. B. WARNER - "Dice of Destiny"You will all want to see the world's most popular actor. H.DESTINY." A picture worth coming to see.B. Warner will promise to give you plenty of thrills and action in "DICE OFSaturday Don't Miss This Big Production! SaturdayH. B. WARNER "The Sheik of Araby"Desert scenes, magnificent in their splendor of reproduction Arab dance halls, Gorgeously-bedecked, exuding all the sensuousness and sinister slyness of the Oriental Gripping, Fist-clenching situations, smashing, breath-taking climaxes Love Hate Intrigue Revenge, included in this wonderful production.ALSO PATHE NEWS AND "SINGER MIDGETS SIDE SHOW," SUNSHINE COMEDY.LOOK OUT SHE'S COMING!IN HER CREATEST CHARACTER ROLEMONDAYMARY PICKFORDTen different PICKFORDS you have never seen before, "The Hoodlum,'chute to real life and adventure. It's a First National Production!MONDAYin"The Hoodlum"the romance of a spoiled child who dropped through a coalALSO PATHE REVIEW AND "THBEE WEEKS OIT," A CENTURY COMEDY.RELIGIOUSA Bsume of Events In EeligionsCircles For Present andFutureThe annual conference of theMethodist Episcopal church, South,will meet at Harrodsburg, on Wed-shoes and other articles that arenesday, August 30. The delegatesused as testimonial of affection fornewly-weds, were showered on Mr.and Mrs. Young by several friendswho had accompanied them.oAEM BROKEN, THOMASv In the death of' Daniel Ammerman, of Harrisoncounty, had the misfortune to fallfrom a tier rail in a tobacco barn onthe Clarence Lebus farm, near Jacksonville, Tuesday morning. Hisright arm was broken just above"wrist. He was also badly bruisedabout the face and body. Mr. Ammerman was helping a fellow-workJman named Daly hang his tobacco,Mrs. Annie ! and was on a tier rail about tenLODGE NOTESThey are coming! Who's coming,The famous Lexington degree team,headed by Stewart, is coming to Im-BUYS TH0B0TIGHBBEDto confer the R. P. degree. Surewe're going to have refreshments, .soMEETING OF KENTUCKY C0NTTRTyNrnT'. AT TTATn?nTlRTlTrRfi.I At the auction sale of the Canter-All Bourbon county ministers of bury Farm thoroughbreds at thethe Methodist church, as well as Saratoga horse sales, Arthur B. Hanmahy laymen, will go to Harrods- -cock of Paris' Purchased Robnetta,burg, on September 30, to attend an- eleven-year-old brood mare bythe one hundred and second annual Fair play Retain, for $3,400. Sheon Mr. Hancock'sperial Encampment No. ff8, I. O. O.F., on Friday evening, September 1, t..-t... i....r- . , t- win Tip niapprf..-- ivcuiuchv uuuiei uuue, wuiuu win ue - -in session there up to and including Claiborne .barm, near -FansSeptember 4. Bishop U. V. W. Dar- ' o"Gaitskill Thomas, at Winchester,Monday, one of the best-known former citizens of Bourbon county, as" -well as one of the its most beloved' women, passed to the other land."Mrs. Thomas, who was in her-eighty-sixth year at the time of her-death, had been an invalid for sometime, being confined to her home inthe last few months from infirmitiesof age. She was a daughter of thelate William and Mary Gaitskill,' and was a native of Clark County,--where she was born on Christmas,'X)ay, 1836. At the age of fifteen,' she became the wife of Henry 0." Thomas, of North Middletown, who"" preceded her to the grave severalyears ago. Mr. and Mrs. Thomasresided on the Thomas farm near;North Middletown, until a few-years ago, when they moved to""Winchester, where they have sinceTesided. Mrs. Thomas was a devoted-member of the North MiddletownChristian church, uniting with thatdenomination early in .life. She was-.a1 true exponent of all that is goodfeet from the ground, when the railslipped, letting him fall. A physician was called, and the injuredman was given medical attention,and removed to his home.ON THE PLAYGKOUNDSThe boys and girls of the Wilsonplaygrounds enjoyed a rare treatTuesday night in the presence ofMiss Bertha Miller, of Lexington."Miss Miller came to Paris throughan invitation from Miss GraceCruickshanks, director of playground activities, and gave a number of very pleasing and entertaining readings. The selections were'negro dialect stories, taken mainlyfrom the writings of Paul Dunbar.The children, as well as the grownups, enjoyed the occasion thoroughly, and hope to have the pleasureof having Miss Miller with themagain soon.will be guests of the people of Harrodsburg during sessions of the conference. Dr. John M. Vandermulen, ofLouisville, will preach at the FirstPresbyterian church Sunday, morning and evening. Dr. Vandermulencomes in the interest of the OneMillion Dollar Campaign for Christian Education in Kentucky.Nest Sunday at the Methodistchurch will be the final Sunday othe conference year. Rev. C. H.'Greer, will preach both morning andevening. At 10:45 a. m. his subject wilT be, "The Old Message Under Changed Conditions," and at7:30 p. m. his theme will be "NewMethods, Not a New Message, theNeed of the Hour." The SundaySchool will meet at 9:30 a. m., whenit is expected that all scholars will f.be on hand. At 6:45 p. m., the Epworth League will hold their service. A most cordial welcome is extended to the public to attend allservices.all Encampment members come and H t a natiye Kentuckian, andicua iiiaivc iuio uuuaoiuu a. uig auucess.WM. BOWLING,. Scribe.for some time a member of the conference, will preside.ENLISTS IN NAVYA. Bishop, chief boatswain'smate in charge of the Lexington naThe Pythian Sisterhood, the wo-1 val recruiting station, reportsman's auxiliary of the local Knights SUIT TO TEST BOAS COMMISSION twelve enlistments there this week.of Pythias lodge, will give an ice aqt 1 0ne of tne new recruits is Raymondcream supper in the court house J 1 ' Swope, of Parisyard, in this city, to-morrow night, ' jthe weather permitting. A co'rdial l Suit to test the constitutionality j It it were not for those who tryinvitation is extended to all to at-'of the Simmons Road Commission to beat the trains to the crossings,tend. The proceeds will be devoted "act, effective January 1, may be ( the undertakers would not be suchto a snecial fund which tRe Sister- hied the last ot the week in the . busy men.hood is trying to raise.oMost "candy kids" ought tolike stick candy wearing- stripes.hFranklin Circuit Courts W. A. Per- ?ry, president pro tem ot the statebe Senate at the 1922 General Assembly said. The Simmons act wouldo 'create a new state nignway corn-Only 2 per cent of the population 'mission, headed by General W. L.of Kingston, Jamaca, is wMte. Sibert, of Bowling Green.To hear some folks cuss the worldyou'd think it was as bad as if theythemselves had" made it.. oIn an effort tomany men becomeavoid publicitybridegrooms.A day truly lived is added to, nottaken from life.m1' i&FWraCVltS"T HSiINSURANCEJCj!Let Us attend to Yours.What a dismal feeling it must be to see your property destroyed by fire if it is not insured.TOBACCO INSURANCECome in and let us insure you. We are agents forstrong, reliable Insurance Companies and insurance isgreat protection for a small sum.Thomas, Woodford & BryanDOVE IAW EXPIRES ON SEPT. 1.Dove hunters who have been under the impression that the openseason on dove shooting began onAugust 15, will find they have beenmistaken if they should take thefield. The law does not expire untilSeptember I, at which time they arefree to get out with their guns inpursuit of the elusive and gentledove, the "messenger of peace."In this connection State GameWarden A. W. Bullock, of Paris, desires to warn all hunters that theymust have the necessary huntinglicense, and must have it with themwhen they take the field. Violatorsof the game laws will be vigorouslyprosecuted, with the help and cooperation of the Bourbon CountyGame and Fish Club, and, allother good sportsmen.Game Warden Bullock, who alsoworks under the direction of theFederal Game Commission, has received the following letter from, theState Game and Fish Commission:and Fish Commission:"We call your attention to thefact that a violation of the dove'shooting law is also a violation ofthe Federal statutes."In the event that you fail toconvict any violators of the dovelaw after having been brought to atrial, please report to this office andwe will take the matter up with theFederal authorities."Please be especially vigilant inyour endeavor to see that there is noviolation in your district prior to theopening of the season."oP0R MEMORIAL FUNDThe Bourbon County Woman'sClub will hold their last sale of edibles to-morrow in the offices of theParis Realty Co. It is requestedthat each member send a donationof something to sell, or, if they prefer, a gift in cash. jThe object of the sale is to raisethe sum of $1,000, pledged by theclub to the Spldiers' MemorialFund. The greater part of theamount has been raised and it isthe desire of the club members tofinish- the sum pledged with thissale.tWhy is it that the neighbor'sthickens always seem to think thebest feed is on your side of theGREAT REDUCTIONS !THE LIMIT IN VALUE-GIVING,RECORD-BREAKING BARGAINS!Every pair now marked down at stillfurther unheaird of reductions for a-zCLEAN SWEEPCome this week. Get your sharethese wonderful values.ofBfttter Styles, Better Quality'Less PriceOur Prices aro Always theLowestOxfords and Strap Slippersat Ridiculous BargainsChoice of all high grade WhiteLinen Strap Slippers and Oxfords,$3.50 grades, Clearance Price,choice. . .,$1.95Ladies' $3.50 and $4.00 Strap Slippers, Black Satin, Patent Leather d gand Tan, Clearance Price. .' . . . . ..hiOvMen's Footwear Marked Down $4.00rfo QTan Shoes and Oxfords reduced to..$fdMen's $2.50 Tan Elk Scout, Qnow y X I 7Jy Men's $3.00 Tan Elk Scout, A-l qqnow plJJMen's $3.00 Ventilated Oxfords, qj-now ykVDChoice of $2.00 to $2.50 grades d ifLadies' White Oxfords, reduced to..YXDMisses' and Children's $1.50 -white dl A ASlippers, reduced to 1UUA wonderful value in Ladies' TanOxfords and Straps, values to $3.50 dl QClearance Price ylJtJLadies' $1.49 Soft Kid Strap Slippers, Handturned soles, all sizes, ! A Areduced to 41UUBoys' $3.00 Tan Shoes, d1 AQnow $ltJ5JMisses' $3.00 Patent Oxfords, QQnow.. .$lltfInfants' $1.00 Kid Slippers. Cflnow , ' ""CPOSNER BROSDAN COHEN STANDV336 MAIN STREETk ' ' ''&,i3kj&ifc'Cjf,w&,Mx'j. . 'jti . ... r f i "Z." ! i,; !r. -.ssF&?4a? E'wK.?..jtfT I - &- . ,..x ? 5ft fcSrrfrXffiijr" rCS i. :' lt A'- --..j- - rru&r. ;-xy .- -m- ..JZT-n.'L . ,kw s5nfosy"-p.-.a-&-wfcpfSUiL dSF; th1: X j r ; fOS?':