kTHENEWSfcK - " .. . A ih i'7", m, Z &&ik$ '$m '."PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE nYEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1922t .BOURBONj i -POPULAR SECEETAEY BEDSFAEEWELL JO PAEISMr. C. B. Harrison, who has so acceptably filled the position of general secretary of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A., with his family,will leave to-day for his new chargein Newcastle, Indiana, where he willtake charge of the Y. M. C. A.. Mr.Harrison has purchased a home atNo. 1215 Nelson avenue, in Newcastle, which he will occupy, andwhere he will be glad to welcomehis Paris friends at any time. During his stay in Paris Mr. Harrisonendeared himself to the people ofParis, by his devotion to official duties, and .members of the local press.have good cause to remember himfor his unfailing courtesy at all !times.Mr. Harrison was guest of honorat the Y. M. C. A. last night at6:30, at a farewell supper tenderedhim by a number of friends 'and cowoikers in the Y. M. C. A. On account of the short time in- which theaffair was gotten up it was in thenature of a family gathering, onlythe directors and the men who haveassisted Mr. Harrison in his workbeing present. Many expressions of.good will and wishes for the futurewelfare were tendered to Mr. Harrison, who leaves Paris with the sincere regret and good wishes of ourpeople.$25 OVERCOATSMade up with the new RaglandSleeves, belt all around, in all woolfabrics.J. W. DAVIS & CO.WANTEDFurnished apartment of two orthree rooms, with bath, close in.Hefined couple, without children.CallC. L. CHASE,at Shire & Fithian's Store.(octl7-20)THE FAIRROME NEEDS AT SELF-SERVICELOWER PRICESPrices decidedly lowersame items will be soldwhere about town. Come see foryourself that this is true. Makingroom for our Holiday goods.SPECIAL SALE FRIDAY ANDSATURDAYNickel-plated crumb, tray and scraper 5c, glass cream pitchers, withcovers 10c, shoe polish 2-in-l, black,tan, brown, white, 5c a box, sandpaper, 1 dozen sheets for 10c, butter molds, 1-pound size 23c, linoleum stove mats, 1-yard square,with borders, each 39c, inverted gasglobes, frosted, 2 for 15c, oil heaters, nickel plated handles, $5.00 value at $3.85, extra large size $6.00value at $4.85, new goods toarrive for this sale. Percolators, allsizes coal buckets, skillets, colanders, cake cutters, all sizes, pot covers, pure aluminum, Colonial pattern dippers, at 15c, rolling pins,clothes baskets, ironing boards, andmore, all at special prices.THE FAIR"THE BANKFOR YOURSUCGESSConsult this bank whenever you needv.experienced advice or1 counsel onyBusiness ventures 'CreditsTr&de conditionsShort term orLong time investmentsAny information we have is yours for 'the asking without obligation.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust CoParis, - - Kentucky .CAPITAL $200,000.00 v J 'SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITSt $165,000.00COUET NEWSThe will of Mrs. Mollie Rice, deceased, was filed Friday in theCounty Court for probate. Underthe terms of the instrument, hercousin, Miss Lillie Williams, whomade her home with her, is bequeathed the handsome home onPleasant street, and an automobilebelonging to Mrs. Rice. The following additional bequests were made:To W. T. Bryan, $600; to the Widows' and Orphans' Home of theChristian church, Louisville, $500;to Misses Lou, Fannie and CordieBenthall, of North Middletown,$200; to John and Cordie Booker,faithful colored servants, $1,000, in'addition to $500 by the will of her jdeceased husband, Edward Rice.I The residue of her estate is to bedivided one-half to her brother, J.C. Bryan, Sr., and one-half to theheirs of her brother, W. T. Bryan,deceased, whose heirs are W. T.Bryan, Jr., and James C. Bryan, ofParis, and Mrs. Chas. Snyder, ofLouisville. , "James C. Bryan, Sr., was namedin the will as executor of the estate.Mr. Bryan waived his right to actin that capacity, and asked theCourt to appoint Wm. T. Bryan, Logan Bryan and Jas. C. Bryan, Jr.,which was so ordered.The gentlemen named acceptedthe trust and qualified by furnishing bond in the sum .of $15,000,with Silas E. Bedford, president ofof the Peoples and Deposit Bank &Trust Company, as surety.Elmore Farrow, a white man, ofMillersburg, was arrested by CityMarshal Harry Linville, on a warrant charging him with whipping aboy under age. He was given ahearing before Magistrate Thomasonand fined $5 and costs.THE BOURBON GUN CLUBWe will hold our regular Wednesday afternoon shoot to-morrowafternoon at our club grounds inEast Paris. The trophy for thisshoot will be a $9.00 hunting coatdonated by J. W. Davis & Co., andis now on display in their largeshow window. This shoot and thenext one, on November 1, will bethe last two shoots of this season,as the traps will be closed for thewinter, so you boys that love thethan the ' Same had better some out ana enfor else--J0y yourselves. Visitors .. alwayswelcome.ROXIE DAVIS, Secretary.DRY LEADER ADDRESSES PARISAUDIENCEDeclaring for world-wide prohibition, and that in several visits tothe United States he had foundAmerican prohibition satisfactory,Dr. Robert B. S. Hammond, of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia,addressed a large audience at theMethodist church, in this city, Sun'day night. Dr. Hammond is a vicepresident of the World League'Against Alcoholism, and is spendinga month on a speaking tour.'Dr. Hammond has traveled all overthe United States, and has writtena book on his experiences and findings. He is editor of "Grit," a noted prohibition publication, andfounder of " the Sydney Police CourtMission which gave him the title of"'The Mender of Broken Men," having handled 100,000 derelicts in thelast ten years.OF SERVICE"0 -ft.MATRIMONIALA Record of Ban Cupid's Doings AaThe Days Go ByA marriage license was issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Dr. H. G.Herring, 38, and Pearl Alleyne Boston, 26, both of Lexington.BAILEY SPARKSCarl .Bailey, of Paris, and MissBessaline Sparks, of Carlisle, weremarried in Lexington, in the pastor's study of the Central Christian'church, by Rev. Dr. A. W. Fortune.The bridegroom is a young farmerof Bourbon county. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Bailey returnedto the home of the groom, nearParis, where they will "reside.VAN METER BUSHThe Lexington Leader of Sun'day had the following announcement: "Mr. and Mrs. Carey Bushannounce their marriage, whichtook place in Paris, July 10, 1922.Mrs. Bush was formerly Miss MyrtleVanMeter and the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. C. Van Meter, of Lexington. Mr. Bush is the son of Mr.and Mrs. E. Bush, also of Lexington. The wedding came as a surprise to their many friends. Aftera short trip Mr. and Mrs. Bush willmake their home in Lexington."BAKER BESTThe marriage of Miss Mary Lucile Baker and Mr. John S. Best,both of Lexington, was solemnizedat four o'clock Saturday afternoonby County Judge George Batterton,in his private loffice in the courthouse. The bride is the daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Thomas J. Baker,,of Lexington, and the bridegroom isthe son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas A.Best, formerly of Paris.The marriage is an interestingsurprise, as the young people hadnot told their plans.The bride is pretty, bright andtalented, and for some time has beena member of the advertising staff ofthe Lexington Herald. She woreher traveling suit of purple cloth'with hat to match.GLASS COLLINSA very quiet, but a very beautifully appointed wedding was that..of Miss 'Myrtle Glass, of George-town, and Mr. William Collins, ofNorth Middletown,. which was solemnized last night at six o'clock, atthe home of the bride's parents, Mr.and Mrs. James B. Glass, in Georgetown. The ceremony was performed byDr. Ira Boswell, pastor of theGeorgetown Christian church, in thepresence of only the immediate relatives of the bride and the bridegroom. At the conclusion of the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Collins left for an extended Eastern trip. On their return they will be at home to theirmany friends at 859 South Broadway, in Lexington.Mr. Collins is a son of Mrs. JohnT. Collins and the late Mr. John T.Collins, of Paris and North Middletown, and has for some time beenconnected with the Co-operativeBurley 'Tobacco Marketing Association, as Assistant Chief of the FieldService. He is a graduate of theUniversity of Kentucky.Mr. Collins' bride is a charmingand gracious young woman, of decided talents, a graduate of theHamilton College, and the Georgetown College.The home where the wedding occurred was beautifully decoratedand presented an appropriate setting for the union- of hearts andhands of these popular young people. oBOYS' SCHOOL OVERCOATSA variety of styles and colors$7.50, $10 and $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO!" oNEW SEED CROPSatNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEAT vBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)oII. D. C. MEETINGThe regular meeting of the Richard Hawes Chapter, U. D. C, willbe held in the Confederate room inthe court house, Saturday afternoon, October 21, at 2:30 o'clock.The principal business before themeeting will be election of officersand hearing of reports from theState convention of the U. D. C.,'atLouisville this week.o -NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-ROOM HOUSE COM-I PLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(no25-tn . .BASE BALL'Maysville tool the second gameof the post-season series with Cynthiana on the Maysville groundsSunday afternoon, by coming frombehiad in the ninth inning, andputting across a two-run rally,.which won the contest by the scoreof 6 to 5. Brakefleld batted for Mc'Clure and walked. Hurst, ran for'McClure and went to third on Harding's hit. Bosken's fly scored Hurstand Class singled to right, scoringHarding. Maysville scored threeruns in the first inning, adding onein the seventh and two in the ninth.The batteries were: For Maysville,McClure and Connelley; for Cynthiana, Long and Barker. The gamewent for one hour and fifty minutesand was umpired by Wells.' With the veteran Tincup on thehurling mound the Louisville American Association team defeated theLexington team in a one-sided gameon the Lexington grounds Sundayafternoon. The final score stood 12to 1. The lone run for the Lexinar-ton team was put across by short -stop Reistenberg. But for a scratchhit through second base the Studebakers would have chalked up arunless game. King pitched forLexington.The Maysville Cardinals defeatedCynthiana at Maysville Saturday afternoon in a loosely-played game bythe score of 7 to 6. It was the firstdeciding contest of their post season series. The Cardinals won bybatting Long from the box in thefirst four"" innings. The visitorsmade a great effort in the finalthree innings, but fell one runshort. The features of the gamewere -Selz's hitting and Kresser'sfielding. The batteries were, forMaysville, Miner and Connelly; forCynthiana, Long, Padgett and Barker. The game went for two hours,and was umpired by Wells.sCOMMERCIAL CLUB DINNERThe Paris Commercial Club heldthe first of the season's monthlydinners Thursday night at the Y. MC. A. building. On account of counter attractions, the dinner was notVery well attended.M. Peale Collier, president of theCommercial Club, acted as toastmasterr. Short speeches were made bySecretary Harold F. Harris, Rev. O.B. Crockett, Rev. W. E. Ellis andSupt. J. M. McVey.The purpose of the meeting wasto discuss the advisability of holding a fall festival and agriculuralshow in Paris next month. Becauseof the fact that this was the secondattempt to get a majority of theParis merchants together to decideon this matter, and that on neitheroccasion w,as the response such as tojustify action on the part of thosepresent, it was decided by the Boardof Directors tp drop the plan forthis year.FOOTBALL GAMESThe Paris High School elevenmet defeat Friday afternoon atCynthiana, when the CynthianaHigh School gridders trounced themby the score of 3 to 0. The gamewas hard fought throughout. Parisdid not play their Usual good gameand couldn't seem to get togetherat critical stages.Saturday's games for Kentuckyteams res",4,-l as follows: Ken-jtucky University, 73, Louisville, 0.;Center College, 10, Virginia Poly-technic Institute, 6; GeorgetownCollege, 15, Kentucky Wesleyan Col-'lege, 14; Transylvania College, u,4,Wilmington, 52; University of Ken-jtucky Freshmen, 54, Georgetown.College Freshmen, 0. IExtensive preparations are beingthe city for a celebration on Octoberthe city for a celebration on Otober28, when the Paris football teamwill line up against the fast teamfiom the St. Xavier School, in Louisville. It is understood that an effort is being made to have all former Bourbon county residents nowliving in Louisville come to Parisfor this game, which will be preceded by a parade.o !INSURANCE N ADJUSTERS ATWORKW. B. Brock, insurance adjusterfor the Commonwealth insuranceCompany, which is represented inParis by McClure & Donaldson, , hasbeen here for several days, investigating the fire loss on the dwellingat the corner of Main and Nineteenth street, which was burnedabout a week ago. The house belonged to James Estes. Mr. Brockmade a complete and satisfactoryadjustment!BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGSCharles P. Dray, of Paris,through his attorneys, Talbott &Whitley, filed a petition in bankruptcy Friday in the United StatesCourt, at JLfcxington. He gave hisliabilities as $1,800, with noTaseets;PAEIS ESTABLISHES CLASS FOR!EMPLOYED CHILDEENProf. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of Paris City Schools, is establishing a new part-time class forthe employed children, who cannotattend the half-time co-operativeclass successfully maintained thepast year.One interesting factor in connection with the establishment of thisclass is that it will bring into effect the compulsory continuationschool law, which makes it necessary for, the 14 and 15-year-old childwho has not completed the eighthgrade to attend school four hourseach week. This is but one more indication of the unanimous belief ofthe Kentucky people in the benefits of public education.The course which will be providedfor these children is interesting because of the direct application tolife, and because of its being taughtby the "Conference Method," underwhich each point for discussion isanalyzed and dissected by the classas a whole, and the results trans-ksribed to forms provided the nunils1 for this purpose. This method ofinstruction makes it possible for thestudent to leave the class with ahand-book compiled by himself,which will show him everythingfrom what principal he will have ifa saves 25c a day for a period ofyears and keeps it invested at 5,to why the morning smile is a factor of success. Aside from thisspecial social instruction opportunity will be afforded for studyingEnglish and arithmetic.Mr. James Ryan, of the State Department of Education, and Prof. A.N. May, of the University of Kentucky, both of whom are specialistsin education for employed persons,are in Paris assisting Prof. Kirkpatrick in making the necessary arrangements for this, class and intraining a teacher.CITY TAXJES DUE; POY UP NOWTHE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLIAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYIAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'STYPTSnOTm TA"TTr o nvn-rmm -.,-. -"UUAJi -u.cui.ix o& axvudj. uiyl-i u n ri x -.xawx.C. K THOMAS,Collector.(13 tfFRANK &" CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSHOSIERYBe it Silk or Wool-is Coloredto Match the CostumeHARMONY is necessary nowadays if onewould achieve the perfect ensembleand hosiery is decidedly an important factorin gaining this effect. Be the costume forsports or evening, there is hosiery here inprofusion to match clock embroidered, orlacy plain, too in every grade and shadeand price. . N-.,.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS. . j .RELIGIOUSResume of Events In ReligionCircles For Iresent and 'rFutureThe revival conducted by Rer.Frank E. Tinder, son of Rev. andMrs. Frank M. Tinder, of NorthMiddletown, at the Newby Christianchurch, closed with a total of twea-ty-sixadditions. Baptisimal services were conducted Sunday.The members of the South Elkhorn Christian church, in Fayettecounty, gave a reception Fridayevening at the church in honor ofthe- new pastor, Rev. Ward Russell,pastor of the Little Rock Christianchurch, in this county, and Mrs.Russell, and the retiring ministerand his wife, Prof, and Mrs. E. E.Snoddy.The regular meeting of the Woman's Auxiliary of the Presbyterianchurch will be held Tuesday afternoon in the parlors of the church.The hour is two-thirty. The meeting will take on the nature of aprayer meeting for the revival services which began October 29. Thiswill be the first of a series of prayermeetings which will be held amongthe ladies of the church. Mrs. NnnieLyle is chairman of the committeewhich 'is arranging for these prayermeetings. The second will be heldFriday afternoon at 2:30, in thechurch. All of the women of thechurch are urged to attend thesemeetings. All of the women of thecity are invited to join in this prayer services for the blessing of Godupon the community during the revival. NOTICE TO TAXPAYERSJUST TWENTY DAYS REMAHfIN WHICH TO PAY YOUR TAXES.COME A-RUNNING!BEN WOODFORD,Tax Commissioner Bourbon County.(10-tf)GIRL BREAKS ARMWhile roller-skating on the pavement Lucile Jones, daughter of Rev.J. B. Jones, of Paris, Presiding Elder of the Maysville District M. E.church, fell, fracturing a bone inher left arm. She was removed toher home, and the injured memberwas given medical attention.AiAt--PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEJYS, PAMSKENTllCKY.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, UZZmTHE BOURBON NEWSYiteUitaed 18P141 Tears of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.i--fB&tered at the Paris, Kentucky,PoetoflLe as Mail Matter of the'Second Class.)OIDR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. New York American Press Assotciation. Chicago Lord & Thomas..Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta JCassengale Adv. AgencyvCileiniiati Blaine Thompson Colouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineaach issue; reading: notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andeimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns-f THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSThere should be some way of getting the grip of the law on the manwho tunes up his automobile at.five o'clock in the morning.When you're out walking with-your best girl and pass and speak toyour favorite bootlegger, and shenaturally inquires who he is, justtell her he is a life saver you know.There was a young man of LamascoWho caught without wearing amask, oh"Till a batter named Pipp,THit a dirty foul tip,And his eye felt hot as tobasco."Uncle Joe" Cannon says: "I"don't like soft seats in automobiles.I like the bumps at 87, for they remind me of life." Take it from onewho knows, life never was andnever will be sitting upon cushions.without having to sew a fine seam.The latest things in stockings,-not counting feet, of course, is pinksilk with overtrain of flowered lace.The effect is to make a muddy crossing look like a bed of pansies and soblossom and bloom as the rose. Itisn't hard to get a chance to inspectv'em though!Tt has been asserted by investorsthat manual labor will continue tobe well paid, because there are so"few human beings who want to do' manual labor. Now, here is achance for an outdoor life for deskemaciated men who need exercise,;and at the same time need thenoey.A Paris parent who had becomer extremely solicitous over the welfareof his son, who was industrious in'nothing but the sowing of wild oats,consulted an old friend, "What-.must I do?" he asked. "Well, is it;a case of booze?" asked the friend.-"No, sir," quickly replied the fondparent. "Well, then," thundered- the friead, "who is the woman inthe case, and where did he first meet:ber?" That seemed to be the ker-.'-nel in the nutshell.Dr. Faince, of Brown University,'isays the ideal education is not thatof a man who knows somethingabout everything, but that of theanan who knows everything about.something. Quite right. For example, if one man could speak sev. -nteen languages, and recite backwards the history of seventeencountries he might die poor, but ifanother man knew how to make.seventeen hairs grow 'where one isgetting lonely upon the top of aman's head his future might beanade. Bald-headed men of Paris,..give this your attention." She was an awfully nice Parisgirl, with high ideals and all that.:sort of thing. The other day she-vas walking rapidly down Highstreet, and her stocking became unfastened, and the wind was..blowing rather briskly. There wasjiothing for our heroine to do under"the circumstances but to stop and-adjust that stocking, so that's justwhat sae decided to do. Just as sheim k the middle. of the act, bead--Coyer at a rather dangerousangle, a sudden gust of wind camelswishing around the corner, andblew her hat off vher head, exposing tne ear completely. And shewas never so embarrassed in all herlife.Several Paris barbers have toldus that men are growing more fastidious than women. Many males,the barbers say, have become addicted to scented soap, and are 'evendemanding that their eyebrows beplucked. When they begin to askfor marcel waves we will believethere is some foundation for therumor.Physicians have discovered a newmalady. It is the automobile footdisease, and, according to the medicos, is produced by a combinationof the tight shoe and a too-frequent"stepping on the gas." Another automobile foot disease is the artificial St. Vitus' dance produced bytrying to dodge four reckless drivers coming from four different corners at one and the same time.Yesterday was the anniversary ofthe day on which Christopher Columbus discovered America. An oratorwas recently heard to remark thatso sanguine and ingrained an optimist was Columbus that if therehadn't been an America at the endof his journey, it would have beennecessary to create one. We wouldnot wish to be dogmatic about it,but we do know that in many wayshis people are recreating a countrywhich needed their touch of color,of art, to say nothing of their sobriety, to complete the nationalmelting-pot process.THREE STERLING ATTRACTIONSAT GRAND AND ALAMOElsie Ferguson and Wallace Readcome to the local theatres to-night(Tuesday) in a presentation of"Forever," a powerful drama produced from the famous novel "PeterIbbeston." It is a Paramount production, and has taken a placeamong the big pictures of the season. It is said to be one of the finest photoplays the Famous PlayerLasky Corporation has produced todate.Coming to-morrow (Wednesday)Goldwin pictures present HelenChadwick in her newest picture,"The Dust Flower." The story dealswith a little tenement girl, whom aman of power and great wealth,married in his hour of desperation.After the wedding, the society beauty begged him to come back, and hefound himself torn between his dutyto his wife, and his finacee. Thegreat moment comes, when the loveris forced to choose between them.After scoring a big hit in NewYork, the great race-track picture,"Thunderclap," will come to the Alamo theatre, both matinee and nightnext Thursday. The localmanagement made special arrangementswith Wm. Fox, the producer of theremarkable photodrama, for itsshowing in this city. There aremany thrills, heart-throbs andlaughs throughout the picture andthere is reason to believe that thephotoplay will cause a sensationwhen it reaches here.FIRE DESTROYS TOBACCO BARNNEAR LEXINGTONFire, thought to have been started by spontaneous combustion,Saturday afternoon, destroyed alarge barn on the farm of L. D.Scott, on the Maysville pike, nearLexington, causing a loss close to$10,000.The product of 15 acres of tobacco, 150 tons of hay, and farmingimplements were destroyed in theblaze. The farm is owned by J. E.Gorham, of Lexington. Mr. Gorham said that the barn was practically new and when built cost ?4--000.The building was covered by$3,500 insurance, he said.oPARIS WOMAN ON STATE GOLFCOMMITTEEMrs. Joseph W. Morford, of Lexington, was elected vice-president ofthe Woman's State Golf Associationwhen organization was effected by agroup of women assembled at Louisville at the Seelbch Hotel. Mrs.Harvey Meyers, of Fort Mitchell,was chosen president; Mrs. E. D.Mason, of the Audubon CountryClub, secretary; and Mrs. HarryBuckley, of the Louisville CountryClub, treasurer.The executive committee is composed of Mesdames G. Walker Hopkins, Cherokee County Club, Louisville; Miss Loraine Butler, Paris;Mrs. Samuel Marks, Lexington, andMrs. Walter Lapp, Standard Club,Louisville.Plans will be made later in theyear for the 1923 State tournament.oFREDERICK WALLIS WILL ADDRESS FT. THOMAS CLUB.Mr. Frederick A. Wallis, of NewYork, formerly of Paris, former immigration commissioner at EllisIsland and deputy police commissioner and of the advisory committeeof the federated churches of Americaand president of the KentuckySociety of New York, will lecturebefore the Ft. Thomas Woman'sClub. Mr. Wallis is a native Kenuckian, having llved in Paris, jbef ore oing to New York" "to" reside.D'YE MIND THE TIMEWhen These Things Happened InParis, As Told in THENEWS' Piles?DAYS OF AULD LANG SYNEThere's no denying that to mostof us there is a certain satisfactionin reviewing the events of long ago,as they are presented to us, eithercasually or by force of some reminiscent strain of the moment. Andto those who lived here in the longago the recalling of events in theold days of Paris affords a peculiarsatisfaction all its own. They, perhaps, more than we who havegrown used to the old place, willappreciate these items, taken atrandom from a copy of THE BOURBON NEWS of Friday. April 7,1882:Jos. Newhall & Son have openeda machine shop near Ed. McKiney's.Let's take a little whisky out ofbond," is the way a man is now invited to drink in Lexington.John W. Jones, of this city, willdeliver a temperance lecture in Mt.Sterling on Sunday afternoon."Boss" Pullen has gone to Frnkfort to settle with Auditor Hewittthe balance of the State taxes.The last words of Wm. Hite, Sr.,were, "It's all right." How muchbetter were these words than thoseof the great Napoleon, "To the headof the army?"Mrs. J. W. Holliday announcesthat she is located next door toPhilip Nippert's, and that she has afull line of beautiful flowers nowready for market.Walker Muir captured and broughtto town a pair of Siamese snakes.They have two separate heads, buttheir bodies are joined by a ligament as were the Siamese twins.Persons desiring to keep the runof the 500 "visiting" young ladiesof Bourbon will do well to not subscribe for the BOURBON NEWS, forour columns are not open for thatclass of silliness.Over one thousand of our citizensmonkeyed to the grand stand andhad their savage breasts soothedwith the Aeolian strains of the Wizard Oil song, fiddle and banjo band,several nights this week.Will Isgrigg, a fisherman of thepure cold water-faith caught 16newlights which weighed 16 pounds,while a lot of boys of the Barnesfaith fished all around him andcouldn't get a nibble, on Tuesdaylast.The Rev. Ernest McMillan, of thePresbyterian Church Assembly, willhold services every night this week.Rev. J. Alderson, from Maysville,will assist. All are invited to attend. F. L. McChesney telegraphs homethat he has been appointed one ofthe three Railroad Commissioners ofthe State, at a salary of $2,000 perannum.Nippert has commenced to cool offthe diabolical constitutions of thesinneis as well as Christians, at twocents per pound, with pure crystallake ice.Mrs. L. Ashurst, of HutchisonStation, has pulled the first flock ofripe spring chickens in the county,and made a kingly spread beforesome guests Wednesday. She has150 little chirpers now ranging froma "pip" to the frying pan.Bedford & Hedges have movedtheir entire stock of goods fromMillersburg, to this place, andthough not selling "at cost," are doing a pushing, thriving business.Dick Talbott, our baggage smasher, who is one of the Barnes converts, didn't get mad at a negrowhom he caught stealing somethingabout his office the other day, butjust got a piece of plank and gavehim a stirring up in the name of theLord, and justice was satisfied,when he didn't feel revenged in theleast.THE NEWS is published everyTuesday and Friday, between- thehours of 9 and 11 a. m., rain orshine, sleet or snow, and will continue to say what it chooses untilremoved by death, fire or flood. Thefamily of THE NEWS resides in theold Porter residence near the freightdepot, and the $1,200 per annumthat is spent to feed and clothe thatfamily shall be spent among thosethat patronize THE NEWS. (Ahalf dozen blind men in this citywould do well to lemember this,too.) THE NEWS office is situatedon Bank row, opposite the courthouse, and its glaring sign can beseen from any place on Main street.A Frankfort dispatch to the Cincinnati Enquirer says Charlie Brent,of Paris, has recovered $2,500 of the$20,000 stolen from the Citizen'sBank, which were stolen by theburglars, Cooney and Dunbar, and itis also rumored in Paris that Hazenis negotiating with some thievesfor the return of the Carlisle bondson the basis of no prosecution, andcertain thieves are said to havegone to St. Louis to get the balanceof the missing bonds.From THE BOURBON NEWS ofFriday, September 7, 1881:Frank Webb has accepted a clerkship with O. A. Gilman, coal andcommission merchants.Trains will run every fifteen minutes from the city to the fair rounds.Fare 15 cents round trip.The groceries belonging to T. O.JBashford were sold at Sheriff's galeSaturday for the benefit of hiscreditors.James M. Allen, of the P. F. &G. R. R. surveying party, returnedhome last Saturday to attend schoolat the Edgar Institute.J. Aug. Buckler, recently of thisplace, has been elected city attorney of El Paso, Texas, at the salaryof $75 per month and ten per cent,of all fines.W. A. Hill has in use at his marble works in this city, a large sizebook on architecture, which wasprinted in 1580, it now being 301years old.Dan Daley, who lost his leg atMaysville, while in the employ ofthe Kentucky Central Railroad, hasbeen given the position as flagmanand is stationed at the Winchesterpike crossing in this city.BORN To the wife of the CountyAttorney, Ben G. Paton, a daughterLillie Hargis. To the wife ofDave Patton, near Ruddles Mills, ason. To the wife of W. H. Clay, ofthis county, a son.With the temperature at 100 degrees in the shade, coal advanced, four cents a busnel at Cincinnati andis now quoted at seventeen cents.This is owing to the low conditionof the river.Senator John S. Williams shipped99 hogsheads of tobacco on one trainover the K. C. route last week, andwill sell the same at public sale, atthe Globe Warehouse, Cincinnati,to-day.Green Keller, of the Bourbon Sun,paid us a fraternal call on Saturdaylast. Green positively refused to beinterviewed regarding the President's condition, and the drouth,but as regarding the clerkship, said"I am sure to be elected."through the floral hall of the fair,' near T 1T? 0I r?' 'grounds this week, stop just a mo-1 The property will be sold as ament and gaze upon the photos of , whole. This will make an attractivethe two youthful typos of THE purchase for subdivision into build-ao uu sw oauuicixiit; aiuuuuBOURBON NEWS office, among thelmg lots.Bourbon printers,taken by Horn,the model artist.Tom Bashford's saloon and suiteof rooms at Capt. Henry's old stand,are me most eieganuy nnea roomsin Paris. He sets an elegant dinnerfor 35 cents, and his waiters are!ever attentive to business. Tom'sdeserving enterprise was well pationized court day.Sam Bagge, of Hutchison Station,has about cleared the upper end ofthe county of all its marketablesheep and cattle, and sold the samein the Covington market.Thieves ran four of Dave Judy'slargest fat hogs to death, in tryingto drive tnem irom nis tarm, onThursday last. Three died in thelot, and one in the road, a short distance from the lot.SENATOR STANLEY RAPS "INEFFICENT RULE"That the crying need of the houris more business in politics and less o 05 p. mpolitics in business, with a truce onjii:55 p. m.the "endless multiplication of com-! Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.missioners." was the declaration of 5om?Auta"?nv B f trJp mont?Jy DokA . . . T . . ,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or InSenator A. O. Stanley, of Kentucky, QUantitie8, date unlimited, sold bein an address before the Columbus tween all points at reduced rates.Day celebration of the Knights of KENTUCKY TRACTION & TER-Columbus, in Newport.Pleading for a Government that"can find one thing it cannot do,one socialistic heresy it will not accept, one governmental nostrum itwill not inflict upon a long-sufferingpeople," Senator Stanley declaredthat it was amazing that seasonedand experienced statesmen should atthis late hour repudiate the principles of a century of freedom and attempt to force upon the people anancient and inquisitorial regimethat has been condemned by theuniversal experience of mankind."It is incomprehensible that menwho would never attempt to repairthe simplest mechanism withoutsome knowledge of machinery, or totreat the slightest ailment withoutsome knowledge of medicine, showno hesitancy in the most drasticinterference with industrial condiditions more intricate than the mostcomplicated manchine, vast as thecontinent and more varied and complex than the human form."CORNSLift Off with FingersHJJDoesn't murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to rem6ve every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)-oWork is about the last thing somefolks think they need to make themhappy.J ) iffirQ"Let the average' man sleep onhe may only complain at being disturbed if you arouse him.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Richard Strother,ceased, are hereby requested to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said Richard Strother, arehereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness.NEWTON STROTHER,Administrator of Richard Strother.(10-lmo)Public SaleOFSUBURBAN PROPERTYWEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18at 10:30 a. m.As execntor of the estate of Thos.K. Bryan, we will sell at anction' on the premises the following des-cribed property:5 acres of land, more or less, withdwelling and two small barns facing about 200 feet on Marshall, t r tTerms made known at sale.BOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.I Executors of Thos. K. Bryan.(3-10-17)S?2!!5!!!INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.LexiugJenTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.JJjiJ5. J12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.11:00 p. mMTNAL CO.(dec6-tf)DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONfcDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALQUICKBankrupt'sComplete Stock of HouseholdFurniture and FurnishingsOn Wednesday October 18, 1922,the entire stock and fixtures of E. M. Wheeler will oe sold at publicanction IN PARCELS, beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., and continuinguntil the sale is completed. The auction will be held in one of theshow rooms formerly occupied by the E. M. Wheeler Furniture Company, in the Bobneel Building, on the corner of Eighth and MainJ Streets, Paris, Kentucky. (Adequate seating capacity will be providedfor all who attend.) The stock consists of over five hundred articles offirst-class Furniture, Stoves, Trunks, Mattresses, Electric lamps of allkinds, and many household necessities and luxuries. The entire stockwill be on display and the public is invited to inspect same on Monday and Tuesday preceding the sale. Any article will be offered atany time during the sale upon request.Do not fail to attend this sale. A rare opportunity to purchasestrictly high-class household furniture and furnishings of every description at your own price.The Trustee will also sell at the same time and place a Eord delivery truck and one Ford runabout. Also all unsatisfied accounts duethe bankrupt, a list of which may be obtained at any time before thesale, from the Trustee or fiis attorney.Sale starts promptly at 10:00Terms, Cash.. . JAKES CULY0. T. BUITOJr, Attorney.Notice to MerchantsThe Board of Health at its meeting Monday evening, ordered allmerchants who may be receivingdairy products to ascertain if suchproducts are from cows which havebeen given the tuberculin test, andif not to cease receiving and off eriagde-Jfor sale until such shall have beenproperly certified to the Board ofHealth.A? H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the Board of Health .Dr. J. M. Williams, Dr. Jo Varden,Mrs. Fenniebelle Suthrland.(13-2t)Plant This FallFruit and Shade Trees'Blooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the most complete nursery bookever issued inthe South. It is free for the asking.H. F. Hillenmeyer ,& SonsBLUE GRASS NURSERIES,Lexington, Kentucky.-UPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSPrank P. Riser, Preiident8. It. Weathers, Vice PreiidentW. Wj. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS 4T1Modem EquipmentExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSAuction SaleOFFARMERSRADERSAa. m.WA1D, Truttt im- Iwtoptey." "(10-13-17)r ".w- i1 i-- TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1922THB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KBNTUCKI---cPAGE THRBi MILLERSBURGInteresting News Items From Bourbon Comity's College TownMrs. J. A. Miller, returned Saturday from a visit with relatives inCovington.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Hurst havereturned from a visit with relativesin Flemingsburg and Maysville.Mr. S. E. Bruce an'd son, Alexander, have returned from a visitwith Mr. and Mrs. Roy Hope, inAshland.Mrs. Price and children, of Escondida, are guests of Mrs. Price'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. James Clarkeand family.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Smith andsons, guests of Mr. and Mrs. D. E.Clarke, have returned to their homein Norfolk, Va.The Woman's Missionary Auxiliary of the Methodist church, willhave an all-day meeting at the homeof Mrs. Lizzie Miller, Wednesday,October IS.Dr. J. D. Calhoun and Mrs. Calhoun are welcoming a little daughter, horn Friday, October 13. Mrs.Calhoun before her marriage wasMiss Loula McNamra.Millersburg is to have two Lyceum courses this winter, whichpromises to give eleven high-classentertainments. The season ticketsfor each course is $2.00.Captain Johnsonius, of Chattanooga. Tenn., was the week-endguest of friends. He was a memberof the faculty of the MillersburgMilitary Institute last year.Misses Elizabeth Miller andRuth McClintock will represent theTwentieth Century Club at themeeting of the Kentucky State Federation of Woman's Clubs at Frankfort, Wednesday.Mrs. Sanford Allen left Saturday for Harlan, in answer to a message announcing the serious illnessof John Lassing Alverson, son of Mr.and Mrs. J. M. Alverson. Mrs. Alverson was Miss Elizabeth Allen, ofMillersburg.The protracted meeting beganat the Christian church, Sundaynight, Rev. G. W. Nutter, pastor ofthe church, conducting the services.Mr. C. E. Martin, soloist and choirdirector, came Saturday. The evangelist, Rev. L. E. Sellers, of Harrodsburg, came Monday and conducted the services at night, beginning at 7:15.Prof. Farquar, of the Department of English, of the Universityof Kentucky, Lexington, gave anaddress on "Modern Drama" to themembers of the Twentieth CenturyClub and their guests, Saturday afternoon in the gymnasium of theHigh School. Mrs. James Miller, ina gracious manner, introduced Prof.Farquar, whose address was highlyappreciated and enjoyed. Miss Virginia Shanklin sang a selection.Mrs. Wallace Shannon, accomanist.The out-of-town guests of the clubwere Mrs. R. H. Wills, Mrs. WatsonJudy, Miss Lilleston, Misses- Agnesand Bess Purnell, Paris; Mrs. Lucian Maltby, Mrs. Charles Hunter,Miss Taylor and Miss Pattie Hunter, of Washington, Mason county.Each member of the club invitedfive friends, which included most ofthe women of Millersburg and vicinity, also the pastors and families,and the faculty of the High School,faculty and students of MillersburgCollege and Millersburg Military Institute. The second annual BourbonCounty High School AgriculturalFair was held here on the Schoolgrounds Friday. This fair wasan idea one to spend in the open,and a large crowd was in attendence from all the surrounding country. The social gathering of friendsand the music by the Boys' Band ofGreen dale was enjoyed by all. Theexhibits in every department woulddo credit to any county fair. Therewere mules, sheep, swine, cattle,dogs, ponies and poultry. The gymnasium was used to display the articles in the woman's department andthe Junior Club, which included allkinds of handiwork, embroidery.crocheting, knitting, tatting, sewing,darning and patching, many beautiful quilts of different designs, ap-pliqued bed spreads, cakes, pies,pickles, preserves, jelly, candy, canned fruit and vegetables and freshfruits and butter. A large whitecake baked by Mrs. 0. E. Hurst waspresented to the Boys' Band by theParent-Teachers' Association. After the sale of most of the exhibitsdonated to the High School, TheLeader Store of Paris, held a styleshow on the stage in the gymnasium, showing many beautifulstyles in coats, suits, dresses andmillinery, which was much appreciated as a courtesy of The LeaderStore.oEHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.STATE MEETING TJ. D. C.TYPEWRITERSA Few Used Coronas AtVery Attractive PricesWE ALSO OFFER ALLMAKES OF USED LARGETYPEWRITERSAt$12.50upTYPEWRITER SUPPLIESRepairing and RebuildingTypewriter Service Co.236 E. Fifth St., Cincinnati, O.Delegates from Richard HawesChapter, TJ. D. C, of -Paris, will goto Louisville, Octoher 18 and 19 toattend the State Convention of the'organization. Headquarters will beestablished in the Seelbach Hotel,and many plans are being made bythe Louisville chapter for the entertainment of guests. The programembraces a number of special fea-jtures of very great interest to thei TJ. D. of C. members.oI PICTURE PROGBAM AT GRANDI AND ALAMO(octl7-24-31-To-day, Tuesday, October 17Wallace Reid and Elsie Ferguson, in"Forever," based on the novel, "Peter Ibbeston."To-morrow, Wednesday, OctoberIS Helen Chadwick, in "The DustFlower;" Educational comedy, "TheStork's Mistake;" Pathe News."Thursday, Oct. 19 Mary Carr,Violet Merserau, in "Thunderclap;"Movie Chats; Snub Pollard comedy,"I Touch All Bases.", &It is better for a man to have afew friends who stick than manywho hang on.I PAS$ mm4 J ' IHt.S miks iWmmrwmwMm. -s- g- - I 1 , coalBe Independent!The way to become independent is to save a PART ofthe money you earn and deposit it REGULARLY in thebank. Saving money will encourage you to work harder.Industry insures promotion and higher pay. While you aresaving your money and when you go into business you willneed a bank and we invite you to come in and see us.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyPERSONALST. C. Hinkle of "near Paris, isvisiting relatives in Kansas City,Missouri.Miss Lena Whaley visited hersister, Miss Hettie Whaley, in Cincinnati last week.John Dean is confined to hishome on Walker avenue with an attack of rheumatism.Mrs. Frank Trisler was a recentguest of her brother, Fred Legg,and Mrs. Legg, in Cincinnati.Miss Olivia Orr has returnedfrom Covington, where she attendedthe district meeting of the Methodist church.Mrs. W. W. Haley, who hasbeen very ill for several days at herhome, corner of Main and Eleventhstreets, is improving.Mr. and Mrs. A. V. Douglassspent the week-end in Danville asguests of the latter's parents. Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Bourne.Hiram Douglas, of near Paris, isa patient at the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, where heunderwent a surgical operation.The Clintonville Dancing Clubgave a very enjoyable dance Fridaynight. A salad lunch was served bythe Mothers Club of Clintonville.Mrs. Sam Weathers has extended invitations for luncheon bride ather home on the Clintonville road,near Paris, for this (Tuesday) afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. James Wilmottand son have returned to their homenear Hutchison, after spending thesummer as guests of relatives in California. Ayelette Buckner, CatesbySpears and Charles Spears havegone to Hughton, SaskatchewanCanada, to inspect their farming interests.Mrs. Robert 0. Smith, of Scottcounty, is a guest at the home of hergranddaughter, Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire, and Mr. Shropshire, near Paris.Miss Julia Durham, of Danville, while attending the districtmeeting of the Methodist church, inthis city, Friday, was the guest ofMrs. C. O. Hinton.Dr. James A. Orr attended therecent meeting of the State MedicalAssociation at Paducah. Whileaway he visited his uncles, Dr. J.A. Orr, at Metropolis, 111., and H. L.Orr, at Mayfield, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman Wood, ofMt. Sterling, will celebrate theirsilver wedding anniversary on October 21. Mr. H. C. Whaley anddaughters, of this city, will beamong the guests.Mrs. James P. Spillman and little son, James, have returned totheir home in Harrodsburg, after avisit to the former's sister, Mrs. W.T. Brooks, and Dr, Brooks, at theirhome on Duncan avenue.Mrs. Alice Sweeney has returned from an extended visit to herdaughter, Mrs. George Hamilton,and Mr. Hamilton, at Two Rivers,Wis., and to her son, Dr. John S.Sweeney, and family, in Chicago.M. E. McCurdy, local managerof the Kentucky Central Life Insurance Co., and E. C. Poplin, localagent, attended the "meeting of district agents and representatives ofthe company, held at Winchester.Friday.Miss Catherine Murphy, ofParis, and her sister, Mrs. JohnBuchiguiana, of Lexington, were recent guests of Miss Grace Haskins,at the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. John Haskins, near Clintonville. En route to Georgetown to attend the wedding of Miss MyrtleGlass to Mr. Wm. Collins, whichtook place yesterday, Mrs. A. B.Jones, of Covington, stopped overin Paris for a visit to Mrs. EdnaDryden.Paul Kelley, formerly of Superintendent Morrison's office in theLouisville & Nashville headquartersJ in this city, was a guest of Parisfriends several days recently. Mr.Kelley is now conducting a modelrestaurant in Columbus, Ohio.Mrs. C. T. Hinkle entertainedFriday with a "spend-the-day" ather home on the Cane. Ridge road,near Paris, in honor of the littlefolks of her household. The guestsincluded a number of children andtheir mothers.Mrs. Raymer Jones, of NorthMiddletown, was the guest of honorat a reception given by Mrs. MarcusA. Prewitt, at her home in Mt.Sterling. The decorations were suggestive of Hallow'een. In the receiving line with Mrs. Jones and thehost were Mrs. Stanley Dicksonand Mrs. Anna Cooper, of NorthMiddletown, Mrs. J. C. Turnipseed,of Florida, and Mrs. Prewitt Evans,of Winchester. Mrs. Edwin Thomas,of Paris, presided over the punch table. Among those assisting thehost were Mrs. J. Prewitt Young,Mrs. W. K. Prewitt, Mrs. AllieSmith Dickson, Misses Ina and Louella Jones, of North Middletown.About two hundred guests calledduring the afternon, and a platelunch was served.(Other Personals on Page 5)NOW IS THE BEST TIMEMT. STEELING VIEW OF BLTJEGRASS LEAGUE MUDDLEThe Mt. Sterling Gazette repliesto an article printed In a recentissue of THE NEWS regarding theBlue Grass League championship,which has caused so much speculation and argument among the fans.The Gazette's reply is as follow:"The Paris newspapers are takinga fling at the Mt Sterling BaseballClub in every issue, and are charging that we are 'unsportsmanlike'and that Hod Eller tried to take theBlue Grass League championshipwhen he was not entitled to it. Wecannot conceive what is the matterwith our Paris newsDaner friends.and baseball fans except that theyare sore at 'Eller because he defeatedthem in the last game of the seasonand killed all their hopes for thepennant banner The charge is madein THE BOURBON NEWS of Tuesday that the local team did not fileits contracts in time and are notconsidered in the race, althoughPresident Russell stated to Mr. Hillthat the local team was in secondposition, with a "percentage of 590,placing them above Paris. No teamin the league tried harder to live upto the rules than did Mt. Sterling,and if we are guilty of a volation ofthe rules it is the duty of the Parisfans and scribes to show their handsand have the local team placed inthe cellar position. If our contractswere not filed in time: if we haveplayed ineligible players, that iswhere we belong and we wouldrather occupy the cellar position inthe club standing fairly than tohave the championship by a tintedtitle. We are informed that theParis club had no representative atthe club meeting at Maysville onFriday night after the season closed,but that the Cynthiana managementhad a power of attorney from theParis club to cast the vote of thatas they wished. We ask the Parisscribes on THE NEWS and theKentuckian-Citizen if that is true,if they call that good sportsmanship? Why did they not attendthe meeting and make their ownfight. Further, these scribes seemsore at Mt. Sterling because Manager Eller had questioned the rightof one of the Paris players to participate in games and are holleringlike little children because some ofthe games were forfeited to us,when, according to their own statements, the Cynthiana club wasawarded the pennant on a forfeitedgame. Now, if the Paris fans andscribes want to do the right thingalong the lines of true sportsmanship let them show the facts regarding Mt. Sterling, and also demandthat President Russell publish anofficial standing of the League race,and give his reasons for fixing hispercentage. If they are not willingto help us and also help hundreds offans all over the central portion ofthis State to let the public knowthe facts, they are not good sportsand fans, and should forever holdtheir peace. The Mt. Sterling Baseball Club is willing to play its cardsface up on the table, practicing nodeception. Are the Bourbon fansand newspapermen in favor ,of that,or do they favor 'stocking thecards?' "AwafrHARRY SHANNON'S PLAYERS ATPARIS GRANDBeginning Thursday night, October 19, a three-night stand at theGrand Opera House, Harry Shannon's players are sure to repeattheir success here. "The Marriageof Geraldine," the opening play, isclaimed by the different managersalong the line to be the best opening play the Shannons have everpresented. Good story, wonderfulcomedy, excellent wardrobe, all goesto make it a great play.On Friday night the Shannons willpresent "Kiss and Make Up." Theyhave a play which has interestfrom the moment, the curtain goesup, and the show never drags for amoment. The story is a love theme,has a touch of drama, a suggestionof mystery and a most delightfulcomedy. The care-taker's son, afarmer boy, has heard that there ishidden treasure in the thouse whereall the action of the play is takenfrom. A burglar has secured thesame information. Thinking thehouse unoccupied, lias come to geti.i, ,.c,i,.o nan vmi imasrine thecomplications that arise around acircumstances like this.'The play has a happy endingwith all concerned, and it sends youhome wanting to see more of thatclass.RECENT AUTO SALESThe Kenney Motor Co., of Paris,makes the following report of recentsales of cars to Paris and Bourboncounty people:Chamlers touring cars to wm. .and George Redmon; teocar to James Connelly; Redtn Jefferson Denton; Keoto Emmett M. Dickson and. J. A. Stoeckinger.TalbotttouringphaetoncoupesDr.uNow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of' samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.NOTICE TO RACEGOERSOn account of the Latonia races,train No. 39, on the Louisville &Nashville, will leave Ttonia stationon Saturday afternooiiB, October 21and 28, 'and November 4, at 5:05instead of" 4:42 p. m. This will bean advantage to Paris racegoers,who desire to return home after theI races.COAL! GOAL!A Coal Yard has been opened at Eighth and HighStreets. We can supply your wants on short notice.See us before making contracts. Reasonable prices.Lily Gem Coal Co.C. W. RUSSELL, ManagerStuart Sc O'Brien's Old YardCumberland Phone 1246Paris Grand Opera House3 Nights, Starting A "NTHURSDAY, OCTOBER 7The Best Popular Priced Attractionof its Kind on Tour TodayJE?car mmmmP&1&raa wz- r"JfcARRY1 ' r15.T.' Munl1mm fFwSi' Iamoasfa 1laVfryaiV II m '- vkOpening Play Thursday Night"The Marriage of Geraldine"The Society Comedy-DramaWonderful Play "Great StoryOWN CONCERT ORCHESTRANEW VAUDEVILLESPECIAL SCENERYPRICES: 30c, 35c, 55c, 83c Tax PaidSeat Sale at. Alamo and Grand Wednesday, Oct. 18Place Your Orders Early ForFallflan ting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruit ifand PerennialsBourbon NurseriesWLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGTtTtttIT"" '"'' ' Ffttf f IHIIUIIHIIIIIIIIHIIIIt : IGEORGE R. DAVISDULK lVtiCKDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESt niimiiniimimiDay1371Bourbon News Advertisers Get Resulttfe.AirrsAvf"wW-Xft fU &&& -..a,:,,. v. jc -ii3ja t . .e"-"' -&&, 'tyfKi e'afii-r-S-i1f,'H!if&t-i'( k? r-vJ!Sti'"4-i.",S-l' rrirvrrMj,.j .9 II -fPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBER, 1922mIF ITS STYLE YOU WANTCOME TO THE LEADERMETJRPOLITAN ' MODES EXPRESSING CORRECTLY PETTED FASHION'S LATEST WHIMJUST THIS WEEK.ONLYCLEVER FASHIONINGSSMART FALL DRESSESSILK $2500 WOOLIN ALMOST ANY COLOR"THE PRIDE OF PARIS"JfiSXmDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYSPECIAL FOR THIS EVENTWE WILL MARK A GREAT MANY GARMENTSAT LOWER PRICES LIMITATION OF SPACEPREVENTS DETAILED LISTINGS BE SURE-COMEGROUPED FOR QUICK SALEA SPECIAL LOTNEW FALL MODELSCOATS $25.00 SUITS. ' FUR TRIMMED OR PLAINH H H . HS1IA SEVEN DAY SPECIAL STARTING THURSDAY OCT. 12thff WE'VE GOT ALL OUR SUITS ,1 MARKED AT VERY LOW PRICESAND SPECIAL PRICES ON OTHERS .FALL SUITSThese Suits have been marked for rapidsales and the colors and styles are solovely that we ought to sell them all veryquicklyPanveline Veldyne Marline PiquetineTricotine Poiret TwillNavy Brown Deer Kitfox BlackSorrento Taupe and other shadesTOTHE NEW SEASON'SBIG EVENT r.IN-FROCKS OF SILKCanton Crepe Satin .Face Canton CrepeFaille Moonglo Crepe Romaine andother fabricsIn All Wanted Shades25.00$125.00It Is Easy To Sell Dresses Like OursThe style is irresistible and when you're tired of shopping" come and lookat our selection. You will be surprised at the lack of sameness that yousee in other stores. Its chic its smart its darling its just the kind ofdress you always wanted and we invite you to look because we knowyou'll see just what you want.WOOLDRESSESIn Rich Blacks Radiant Browns andLovely Navy and Blue ShadesMetallic Trimmed or with CombinationBraidings and EmbroideredMODELS THAT- ARE DIFFERENTSizes 14 to 42 '$19.85TO$19.501 VS7l r f -v . ) 'imCHIC MODELS SIZES 14 TO 18For the College Girl and Debutante Silk or Wool Frooksthat Boast of a Style, Beauty and Grace all their ownDre s s e sclre Noted for Individuality"If you seek dresses that combine style and materialat moderate prices you will fiid it hereU & ssr fysj.W ifml wSill nIf 111As Characteristic of Autumnas Falling LeavesIs Our Showing ofFALLCOATSRADIANT IN COLORINGSTHEY REFLECT A WARMTHUNEXCELLED IN THE RICHNESS OF. FABRIC AND STYLEPanvelaine Velverette Pandora VeronaScotch Knob Normandy MahleenBolivia and many other new materialsThe Colors are innumerable with manyvariations of Brown Navy and BlackEvery Garment is Different and choosingis easy when prices are so reasonable19.85TO$15.0SIZES 14 TO 53AFTERNOONADEVENINGDRESSESAnd Dresses of Lace in BlackBrown and Navy They're Exquisite$25.00 to $75.00ADepartmentofSlenderizingStoutsModels that appealto the well dressedwoman who seeksstyje in clothesUnusual Sizes40 to 52414345L, ijgrLUSPECIAL SALEONFANDFURGATSCOATS FOR GIRLIESJust the kind of Coats that Girls Want Smartly styled to pleasethe fancy of the school girl just growing up and who demandstashionable garmentsFur trimmed or plain with the new Harem sleeved or TailedThrowsSIZES 13 TO 19Navy Sorrento Pekin Brown Reindeer Black CoDDerand Novelty Mixtures' $13.50 to $45.00'Tween Season CoatsWarmth Without-Weight For Right Now WearChinchillas Bolivias$15.00 $19.85 $25.00Chokers andNeckpiecesScarfs andFur CoatsAT SPECIAL.PRICES5 (?'-CvfSNEW FALL COATSFOR iINFANT-CHILDRBN-GIRLSSIZES TWO TO FIFTEENIn Polo Velour Novelty Duvet and Chinchilla$5.00 to $35.00A LOT OFAl! WoolSKIRTSAt$5.95,Values to.10.50And some otherspriced a littlemorennr mr 1W IfStylish StoutsIN.GOATS-SUITSAND DRESSESTHAT WERE MADE FOR YOUTake off pounds by dressing correctly andour half sizes and odd sizes will do that foryouChildren'sTaffetaDressesat$9.85Values to117.50MdufaSvtzmKH'ATfor jQttlc J&diesAN EXCLUSIVE LINE OF HATSAT POPULAR PRICES For thelittle miss who wants a hat withstyle like big sister'sSilkDiousesTwo SpecialGroupings forQuick Sales '$3.95-45.95iMILLINERYThe fact that weare doing twicethe business inMillinery speaksfor itselfA variety of Modish Hats neverbefore seenIts easy to choose your hats from such anarray as we have The shapes are exceedingly different and the colors suggest abrilliant seasonSmart Black WearIs Fashion's FavoriteFor Fall -Our collection is generous and the stylesare attractive .Fine Mourning Wear that reflects style andrefinement. -I v.K.iTUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1922THE BOURfeON NEWS, PAWS, KENTUCKHI'i'Wi mFAGIFIYCJj,"GIFTS THAT LASTaTHOS. X. BRYAN FAEM TO BESOLD T0-M0RE0WThomas K. Bryan's farm of fiveacres will be sold publicly to-morrow,Wednesday, October 18, bythe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co. See the display ad in thisissue of THE NEWS.PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and -pthers oV- '- iDon't.SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND-NEWSRead every page of THE NEWS.On account of a pressure of advertising a large, amount of local newsis necessarily "crowded over to otherpages. Don't fail to read each page,or you might miss some good item.'Seek and ye shall find" newseverywhere., . wONEW SEED CBOPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf) 'oBOURBON-OLA COMPANY INCORPORATEDThe Bourbon-Ola Company, alocal concern engaging in the manufacture of soft drinks with BourbonOla as a specialty has been incorporated with a capital stock of $5Q,000.The company filed incorporationpapers Saturday in the office of Secretary of State Vaughn, at Frankfort, which were approved. The incorporators of the new venture areThe nicest courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends isto let them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item of anykind. Telephone it to No.124.Dr. and Mrs. M. H. Dailey havereturned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Jackson county.Mrs. Samuel .Weathers will entertain with luncheon-bridge at herhome near Clintonville to-day.Mr. and Mrs. Leon McGiltonand family have returned to Lexington, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.I. W. Bush, on. Houston avenue.Mrs. John Mershon has returned to her home in Richmond after avisit to her sister, Mrs. John M.Flanagan.Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Woodford were hosts at their home on theSpears Mill pike, for a dinner bridgeparty, sixty of their friends beingincluded in the invitations.Mrs. R. E. Markham, of Lexington, and her sister, Mrs. Reynolds Letton, of near Millersburg,have gone to Russellville, for a two1 course was served to&bVut seventy-'five guests. rt ' "Mrs. John M. Flanagan, whohas been a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, for seven weekspast, following a serious operation,was taken to her home on Houstonavenue, Friday night. She is improving nicely.C. R. Parrent, local manager ofthe Piggly Wiggly store, spent Sunday in Louisville, as guest 'of thePiggly Wiggly Company. Thirty-three managers of Piggly Wigglystores were present at a noon-day"banquet given at the Tyler Hotel.President L. W. Cole made an address in which he stated that he waswell pleased with business prospects for their stores.Henry V. Morris, of the Cincinnati Enquirer, was a guest of friends'and relatives in this city severaldays last week. Mr. Morris came toParis to attend the funeral of hisrelative, Mrs. J. M. Buckler, formerly Mrs. Ammi Dorsey, of Paris, andremained over for a longer visit Mr.Morris is a- newspaper man of theold school, a most interesting conversationalist and with a fund ofentertaining reminiscences "of hisold newspaper days.C. E. Strother, E. T. Hinton and O.J weeks' visit to their father, S. P.T. Hinton, all of Paris.oHURT IN PALL PROM CARWhile alighting from a Lexington interurban car at the corner ofEighth and High streets, in thiscity, Elizabeth, the eight-year-olddughter of John Cain, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, fell and suffereda dislocation of her arm. She wastaken to the home of her grandfather, John "Pete" Cain, on Higginsavenue, where the injured memberwas given medical attention. She isreported as resting comfortably, andwill be removed to her home inLexington.oTAXPAYERS NOTICETO AVOID ERRORS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES POR OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY, IN:STRUCTED TO DO SO.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.PEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON -AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)oiPHYSICIAN MAKES ASSIGNMENTThrough his attorney, JudgeDenis Dundon, Dr. J. A. Gilkey, Saturday issued a deed of assignmentfor the benefit of his creditors, tohis brother, Robert M. Gilkey Mr.Gilkey accepted the trust and executed bond for $45,000, with JohnW. Jones and Warren M. Rogers assureties.The schedule of assets submittedshows approximately 45,000 in realestate and about $6,000 in personalproperty. The schedule of preferred claims shows about ' $48,000,unpreferred 'claims amounting to$23,000. The purchase of highpriced land and the reduction inprices of farm products are heldresponsible for the assignment.Handsomely engraved invitations, worded as follows, have beenissued to friends and relatives:"Mr. and Mrs. William HuffmanWood ,request the pleasure of yourcompanyon the twenty-fifth anniversary oftheir marriageon Saturday evening, the twentyfirst of October,at seven o'clock,at The History Club Rooms,Mt'. Sterling, Ky."1897-1922 "Please Reply."One of the season's most enjoyable social events was the bridgeparty given by Mrs. Callie ThomasNichols at her home on Eighthstreet. The guest of honor at thismost delightful entertainment wereMrs. Talbott Clay, of Paris, andMrs. Raymer Jones, of North Middletown, formerly Miss Marie Collins, of Paris. Delicious refreshments were served, and at the closeof the games the prize for the high-est score was awarded to Mrs. Buckner Woodford. Mrs. Nichols' guestswere: Mrs. Talbott Clay, Mrs. Raymer Jones, Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr,Mrs. Charles G. Daugherty, Mrs.Harry E. Mathers, Mrs. JamesThompson, Mrs. Jno. Stuart Reberts,Mrs. J. W. Bacon, Mrs. Carl Wilmoth, Mrs. Annabelle Wallace, Mrs.Sidney Ardery, Jr., Mrs. BucknerWoodford, Mrs. John F. Davis, Mrs.home on -Pleasant street to the'W. Ed. Tucker, Mrs. James in.members of the Bourbon County Caldwell, Miss Ollie Butler.uaraen uiud. ims win oe tne last ,, . ,-, 0. jmeeting of the club for this season.Mrs. Charles C. Leer and daugh-ter, Miss Carroll Leer, of Paris, leftyesterday morning for Louisville, toattend the State Convention of the (United Daughters of the Confederacy jin session there. !IMarkham.A. L. Frendberg, formerly ofParis, now with the Louisville &Nashville at Ravenna, spent Saturday and Sunday as guest of friendsin this city.Mrs. Wm. L. Yerkes will leavefor her home in California on October 24. Mrs. Yerkes will spendthe last week in Paris with her son,John W. Yerkes.The Mission Circle No. 3, ofthe Presbyterian church will have a"Silver Tea" at the home of Mrs.Evelyn Buck, on Twelfth street,street, Thursday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. Amos E. Turneyentertained Saturday with a luncheon-nuttingparty, composed of thirty Louisville and Lexington relatives in the big woods of "Wayside."Sunshine and gladness were guardians of the day.Mrs. Charles G. Daugherty willbe host Thursday afternoon at her(Other Personals on Page 3)FOR SALE1 Cherry Four-Poster Bed,1 Range,1 Double Heating Stove,1 Four-burner Coal Oil Stove,1 Oak Princess Dresser.Call(17-tg)MRS. J. T. LAIL,Windsor Hotel.Have a Look!CITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW!THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TURNED OVER TO ME FORCOLLECTION. YOUR TAXES ARENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COMPANY. C. K. THOMAS,(13 tfCollector.MAYOR JANUARY PRESENTEDWITH MEDALThe regular weekly meeting of .the Bourbon County Women's Clubs-jnoon, on account of the adjournment taken for the District Meetingof the State Federation of Clubs, atFrankfort in the afternoon. A numbers of the Paris members will attend the- meeting as delegates.Filled wifh the most wonderfulof all the season's flowers, the dah-.lia, the home of Mrs. J. T. Vansant, !on Pleasant street, was most at-;tractive on, Saturday, when she en- LADIES' AND MISSES' TND CHJX-tertained very informally with a tea, .p-. qTTrr rnAT SKIRTSin honor of her sister, Mrs. Ormond I)B'EN S SUITS, tOAlb, bULKlO,Somerville, of Montgomery, Ala- BLOUSES,' MILLINERY, DRYbama who has been her guest for T(Jseveral weeks. In the receiving line V,VV'M "-"in the drawing room were Mrs. Van- xre Have the Ladies' Home Journalsant, the host, Mrs. Somerville, the paerns afguest of honor, and Miss- Kate Ed- 'gar, an becomingly gownea. rnetable in the dining room had for its T ' Rync Danf tfnfPcenterpiece a silver basket of hand- I Will U1U&. lCpi. ulUICsome rose dahlias. Mrs. Owen Davispresided at the coffee urn, and MissLucy Blythe Simms presided over ,the tea cups. A delicious saladCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS. KY.FULOllOLJLAt the close of the sessions of theGrand Lodge of Kentucky Odd Fellows, held in Richmond last week,Mayor E. B. January, of Paris,Grand Master, who presided, waspresented by the members of theGrand Lodge with a platinum andgold medal, containing his nameand title of Grand Master, and alsoa ruby heart in a platinum heand,as a testimonial of their appreciation of his work in the exalted position of Grand Master of the State.Among the most important thingsdone at the meeting of the GrandLodge was the authorization of erection of a new building at the OddFellows Old Folks Home at Eminence, at a cost riot to exceed $25,000, for the accommodation of thenumerous applicants for admissionto the Home, who are being necessarially denied because of lack of roomat present. Pledges amounting tomore than $500,000 for the endowment fund for the Widows' and Orphans' Hame at Lexington, werereported.of a Desirable Residence at 1455 SouthHigh Street, Paris, KentuckySaturday? Oct. 28, 1922At 10:30 A. M., on the PremisesThis house has 10 large rooms, 5 rooms, 2 pantrys and complete bathdown stairs, 5 rooms and complete bath up stairs, plenty of presses,front and back porch, 2 stairways, 'floored attic " and concrete cellar,wide hall extending full length of house, both up and down. In firstclass condition inside and out; gas and electricity in each room;double garage, lot 50x150. An ideal location for rooming orboarding house. Is now rented to good tenants.Terms," 10 per cent, day of sale, one-half cash when deed 4 is made,which will be on or before the 4th day of November. Remainder inone and two years, at six per cent.(17-20 24-27,)it -C. N. MARTIN, Owner, .108-Walaut Street,, Lexington; Ky.MIND READING ISEASY NOWWe know you are thinking aboutWARM CLOTHINGthese cool days, WE HAVE IT!UNION SUITS FOR MEN$1.00 to $3.00WE'RE AGENTS FOR THAT GOOD MUNSINGWEARBOYS' UNION SUITS75c to $1.50'- AN OVERCOATFeels mighty good, and we have the biggest stock andbest values to be found anywhere.$15.00 upOTHER NECESSARY ACCESSORIES, TOOLEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"The Pullman Gives You an Extra RoomWithout Increasing Your RentI ip jVERY family needs extija sleeping quarters in the home in case of 'SLf J emergency. Unexpected visitors come; a nurse may be necessaryHAtl n any hme a any time ya mav wish friends to remain over.MP night or to week-end with you; you may wish to accommodate afriend or good neighbor for anight or two; the-man of the family maywish a business friend remain over night, whatever the emergency oroccasion may be, a Pullman provides the extra sleeping quarters.Some families may want to rent out a room because of present high rents., Some families may be moving into smaller apartments with fewer sleeping rooms these are but SOME of the reasons for the immense popularity of the "Pullman ' -Here is an opportunity to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport Bedthat matches up with other furnishings in your home. You , can get thesame designs, the same woods (mahogany, walnut or oak), the same comfort that you get in the finest stationary davenports.NHere is a beautiful living room piece of furniture that is "as handsome asthe finest davenport, as comfortable as the best bed" one that givesRouble, or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture at the price ofone.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingINIItifi VV-I ,rPAffE SOCH m w lyjwwn iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 122aKI r M JmrS m M Ms Wm MM V-spirinSTATE HEALTH BOARD ASSERTSITS EIGHTSAY "BAYER" when you buy Aspirin.Unless you see the name "Bayer"on package or on tablets you arenot getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians overtwenty-two years and proved safeby millions for colds, headache,earache, neuralgia, lumbago, rheumatism, neuritis, and for pain ingeneral. Accept only "Bayer"package, which contains proper directions. Handy boxes of twelvetablets cqst few cents. Druggistsalso sell bottles of 24 and 100.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)MILLIONS FOE TOBACCOGROWERSThe sale of tobacco closed Monday evening by the Co-operativeMarketing Association practicallyclears the deck for the new crop andwill put millions of dollars into circulation throughout the Burley district. The average price received for thetobacco sold through the organization has not been made public, butextensive growers of the weed whoknow the facts expressed great satisfaction with what they have realized for their production, and speakin most complimentary terms of themanagement of the association thusfar.The last big sale will put newlieart into the planters in the Burley district. The market, so far asthey can look forward to a reasonable return, year after year, for thefruits of their labors."GRAND OLD MAN OF AMERICANFICTION"BREAK A COLDIN raw HOURS-Rape's Cold Compound" Acts Quick,Costs Little, and NeverSickens !'Every druggist here guaranteeseach package of "Pape's Cold Compound" to break up any cold andend grip misery in a few hours ormoney returned. Stuffiness, pain,headache, feverishness. inflamed orcongested nose and head relievedwith first dose. These safe, pleasanttablets cost only a few cents andmillions now take them instead ofsickening quinine. (adv-T)oThe principal business of somepersons seems to be that of heapingstraw on the camel's back."Cappy Ricks Retires" is the titleof Peter B. Kyne's new book, whichhas just come from the press, and itdoesn't take much more than a peepbetween its covers to prove that themost important person in there isthe same old, famous old Cappy,who swears "By the Holy Pink-ToedProphet" and never misses a bitthe Cappy that millions of Americanreaders know and love. In a dozendifferent chapters the old fellowdoes his level best to "retire;" butromance and vigorous romance itis in every instance keeps callinghim back into business harness, andhe proves capable of coming backstronger than ever every time.It's easyx to understand, even inthe first few pages of the book, whyCappy Ricks has become so wellknown. He's lovable and humanand full of quick wit and quickersurprises, and he has an uncannyknack, the credit for which, ofcourse belongs to his author, forgetting himself mixed up in breathlessly gripping plots. In this newbook, for instance, you'll find actiongalore, and a rousing Irish fightthat lovers of full-blooded adventure will read over and over again,and high romance all woven byPeter Kyne's skillful hand aroundthe character of his grand old manof affairs.To do away with vaccination andwith laws making it compulsorywhere persons do not submit to itvoluntarily would be to retrogressthree centuries to the time wheneverybody had smallpox, Judge A.Caldwell, of the Campbell CountyCourt, declared in a decision, inwhich he reaffirmed the right of theState Board of Health to requirethat all school children be vaccinated. This decision was handed down atNewport in a case in which an organization named the Medical Liberty League sought an injunctionagainst the State Board of Healthto prevent enforcement of its rulethat all school children and teachers must be vaccinated. JudgeCampbell refused to grant the injunction, mentioning decisions ofthe State Appellate Court holdingthat rules of the State Board ofHealth have the same weight asstatute law.Former Senator "W. T. Beckhamrepresented the State Board ofHealth in the action; County Attorney C. G. Matz, Campbell county,and former Senator W. B. Spence,the city of Newport.1. & N. TO DOUBLE TRACKS ATIRVINEThe L. & N. Railroad Companywill build. 15 miles of track on theE. K. division, starting at NorthHazard and going as far as Chavies,The tracks will run parallel withthe main line, 50 feet apart.Three tunnels will be required.Concrete culverts will be put in.Steam shovels and extra worktrains will go on before the. end ofthe month.' It will take about a year to' complete the work. The estimated costis $1,596,000.V . - iTfTwo - Year - Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Both PhonesV:;"Cascarets" 10cBest Bowel LaxativeWhen Bilious,ConstipatedIMMIMIMMUMM"COLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute attack of Xsasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH. MEDICINE will build up theSystems and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE Istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio.If a man is disposed to spendmoney foolishly he need never lackopportunities.lilH' W!IHHIHMMHMHHMHIIimiMIWe Handle All Kinds ofI Electrical NoveltiesElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers. Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSETry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTI HIIIII4 HllTo clean out your bowels withoutcramping or overacting, take Cascarets. Sick headache, biliousness,gasses, indigestion, sour, upset stomach, and all such distress gone forgrown-ups and children. 10c a box.Tastes like candy.(adv-T). -? oCENTENNIAL SERVICE CLOSESThe centennial celebration of theCarlisle Christian church closedwith sermons preached in the morning by Rev. George P. Rutlege, andat night by Rev. E. W. Thornton.On Friday a bountiful luncheon wasserved to about three hundred people, on the lawn of Silas W. Mithers. In the afternoon services wereheld on the spot on which BartonW. Stone conducted the first revivalmeeting of the Christian church inNicholas county.The following from Bourbon county attended the meetings: Rev. andMrs. F. M. Tinder, North Middletown; Mrs. Lou Letton, Paris; Mrs.John H. Marr, Millersburg; Mr. andMrs. W. A. Thomason, North Middletown; Mrs. Thos. H. Brown, Millersburg; B. W. Rash, Mrs. W. K.Hagan, North Middletown; MissRuby Elder, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesAlexander, and daughters, Eloiseand Imogene, Dr. and Mrs. Harry E.Mathers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Burris,Mr. and Mrs. Will Burris, Mrs. B.E. Bean, Rev. W. E. Ellis, Paris;Mrs. Eliza Burris, Little Rock.THE PROPER COURSEInformation of Priceless Value toEvery Paris Citizen.1 yALW-flBMagE) jj l)The Outstanding Closed Car Value1923 Five Passenger Six-Cylinder Sedan 1985Measured by any standards you maychoose and for every kind of motoring,- the Buick five passenger six-cylindersedan Is easily the outstanding valuein a closed car.It Is a handsome, richly appointedsedan; tasteful in the quality of itsinterior fittings and In the comfortable luxury of its wide, easy seats withtheir fine plush upholstery.nBuick Drive Through"Third" MemberAjl Bttfck pan driv thfoqifcKf4 mbf waue imas bxii. duick mxibhm ciuhfofH oSytHli HJr fwtimb tfiruat but it h1k aiuu t&at sav mea-mljKiUf p ait nd prvat dflvfeg carbom oa its own pamtt.The Buick Line for J933 ComprisesFourteen Models:IS ; Bm. Touring,ran. oeaaa.1325. 8ixet-!WH? PSHftftig Sedan, $IB3aj?in.lift: 5KSWSty fRSfSM gSfcf. o. b. Buick factories. Ask about the G. IA. C. Purchase Plan, which provides 1Deferred Payments.Every driving convenience is found inthis car, so perfectly arranged thateach function Is recorded before thedriver n yes and every control is athis finger tips.And in addition, there is the dependable, enduring performance and theeconomical, satisfaotefy motoring thatalways has beeq so marked, in theBuick chassis and the famous Buickvalve-in-head engine.C S. BALL GARAGEKoutrtfa and Pleasant StreetsNChange of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co,How to act in an emergency isknowledge of inestimable worth,and this is particularly true of thediseases and ills of the human body.If you suffer with kidney backache,urinary disorders, or any form ofkidney trouble, the advice contained in the following statement shouldadd a valuable asset to your storeof knowledge. What could be moreconvincing proof of the efficiency ofDoan's Kidney Pills than the statement of a Paris citizen who usedthem and publicly tells of the benefit derived?.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 EighthStreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills a few times andfrom the benefit obtained I can saythey are a good, reliable remedy.When my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weakand lame I have always found thata box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills,which I get at Ardery's Drug Storerelieve the complaint quickly."The above statement was givenNovember 10, 1916, and on November 12. 1920, Mrs. Burley said: "Ihaven't changed my opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills and recommend them just as highly to-day aswhen I gave my former statement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Burley had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)WHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD THEMFARM;HE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 peryear on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS ' NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or TJorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.KentuckyiointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bldg.ISMMMmmmMmWmmmmmmWmmmmWmBmmmWkmmimaMMBMiMMBMin'n-Mn-MMrinriMTTTrwTr-,7i"ririrrgMr-iBriiii i m i BirTrnrmi rTwnBumLexington, Ky.LOANSIncorporated.STONE BURIAL VAULTSBURLEY ASSOCIATION GAININGEVERYWHEREThe Burley Tobacco Co-operative Association continues to grainall over the Burley district, andthe independent loose leaf saleshouses will have slim picking frompresent prospects. West Virginiais coming into line strong and warehouse interests realize that they arelosing out. The books will be closedNovember 6, and by that time it isthought at least 75,000 burley grow I Iferg will have signed the contract. kfSione Burial Vaults are Nature's own material. No rust, no decayEndure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERY CO.Paris, Kentuckyi Vs.?- rIK:TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 19227 TJtAINS NEEDED TO HAUL T0TOBACCO SOLD BY POOLSome idea of the magnitude ofthe deal by which the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company takes overpractically all the holdings of the191 crop in the hands of the Buries Tobacco Growers Co-operativeAssociation may be gathered fromfigures given out by WarehouseManager Robert E. Beatty, of theLexington district.Manager Beatty said that itKould require 67 freight trains, of50 cars each, to carry the 54,000,500 pounds sold, that the tobaccowould fill 3,375 standard freightcars, and that, if the hogsheads con !taining it were piacea ena to enuthey would reach for a distance ofTOore than fifty miles.Ofiicial figures from the department of agriculture at Washington,received in Lexington, show thatthe hurley crop of 1921, not counting the association sales, averagednine cents a pound more ,than thatof 1920, as it brought 22.3 cents apound, as compared with 13.37cents a pound for the 1920 crop.This was paid in spite of the factthat the 1921 crop was inferior tothat of 1920. According to the department report the increase wasdue to the movement to market tobacco co-operatively.. aIt is no forecast of a happy marriage if the bride thinks she is giving up a lot in life,IN .THE WBONG HOUSEiI Local papers, as well as correspondents of the dailies, were unintentionally in error in the recentlypublished notices of the death inChicago, of John Gnadinger, Jr.,formerly of Paris.It was stated that the deceased'sI father, John Gnadinger, Sr., builthe residence at the corner of Duncan avenue and Vine street, at present owned and occupied by Mr. andMrs. William G. Talbott, and T.Hart Talbott. It developed afterward that the house had been builtby Col. John A. Prall, and later soldto Robert T. Davis, a son of formerUnited States Senator Garrett Davis.Senator Davis owned and resided inthe brick mansion on the hill opposite the Tenth street station of theLouisville & Nashville, now ownedand occupied by James W. McClure,Jr. Robert Davis was a grandson ofRobert Trimble, of Paris, a memberof the United States Supreme Court.The bodies of Senator Garrett Davisand Judge Trimble are buried in theParis Cemetery, with imposinggranite shafts marking their lastresting places. Robert Davis, wasfound dead in bed at the Duncanhome by his son, Garrett ("Coot")Davis, who was sleeping with him.the 30iiagpMi mm PAWS, kestojckyM"l"IIMP1BSWBiMMBSM5BBBMBMMSMBSMSMiMiBMMSMS IT IDE ANEWPEROF HERMOTHER!- - - --BRIGHTER',EVENINGSl aMKB5 , wXtXSZMove Child's Bowels with"California Fig Syrup"Thousands of people needlesslyendure a half-sick, nervous, rundown condition when they mightenjoy sturdy, robust health and allits manifold blessings if they onlyknew what to do. Eeople in thiscondition find Tanlac soon endstheir trouble and builds up abundant strength, energy, and vitality.Mrs. Lena Edwards, of 386 B. Market street, Akron, Ohio, says:"I suffered a great deal from,stomach trouble and was' tired andworn out all the time. It only tookTanlac a short time to put my stomach in fine condition. I'm in thevery best of health now, and havegained twelve pounds."Nervousness and a run-down, tired-outfeeling are but' symptoms ofa hidden cause, which usually liesin the stomach. Tanlac enables youto digest your food properly, eliminate waste, and regain your old-1time strength ''and vigor. Get abottle to-day at any good druggist.STATE WAR MOTHERS ELECTOFFICERSJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpnn her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gnestsBy Coal Oil lightAnd later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Jnst presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Hurry mother! Even a sick childloves the "fruity" taste of "California Fig Syrup" and it neverfails to open the bowels. ' A teaspoonful to-day may prevent a sickchild to-morrow. If constipated,bilious, feverish, fretful, has cold,'colic or if stomach is sour, tonguecoated, breath bad, remember a goodcleansing of the little bowels is often all that is necessary.Ask your druggist for genuine"California Fig Syrup" which hasdirections for babies and children ofall ages printed on bottle. Mother!You must say "California" or youmay get an imitation fig syrup.(adv-T)Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.Mrs. John Graham Johns, of Winchester,, was elected president of theWar Mothers of Kentucky at theState convention in Louisville. Theretiring president, Mrs. BowenHenry, of Frankfort, was electedfirst auditor.Other officers tlected were: Firstvice-president, Mrs. A. S. Hoertz,Louisville; second vice-president,Mrs. John Herring, Georgetown; recording secretary, Mrs. Wm. DowellOldham, Lexington; correspondingsecretary, Mrs. Peter Campbell,Louisville; treasurer, Mrs. VirgilMcClure; second auditor, Mrs. Wm.McFatridge, Harrodsburg, and parliamentarian, Mrs. C. C. McAdams,Hawesville.Approximately 100 war mothersof the State attended the session,which was given over to the readingof reports on the State officers, anda short talk by Henry J. Sites, secretary of the Kentucky Disabled exService Men's Board.oAGENTS WANTEDNew home beverage, delightfuland refreshing. Something new.Big earnings for hustler. Exclusive territory- Write at once.CROWN MALT EXTRACT CO.125 E. McMicken Avenue,(It Cincinnati, O.oUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,(Get Ready For WinterNow is the time tobuy. Don't wait forthe bitter cold days tolay in your supply ofwinter garments.Come to Cincinnati andsee our fall stock of coldweather apparel for men,women and children.tOur large . assortments of.all kinds of merchandiseguarantees you absolutesatisfaction.Home like rest rooms at yourservice. And you will be verywelcome.COME NOW.,andCJWIW'M ATI'S OEATEST. STORECINCINNATIHid rMmlk. v HH IImIIRBIIM m Bh ' iUHiiiiiiiiCt ftH"" iiHmn nmmkm Www v ASp - mmmm jptWf warnmW tiiiliii mmH V mm fHH I s7 eHGENERAL TLQQW- WILLIAMSJOINS BIFBLET POOL .General Roger D. Williams, former adjutant general of Kentuckyand .an army officer in the SpanishAmerican and World wars, hassigned a contract of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association, declaring that he believed ithad been demonstrated to the satisfaction of every reasonable manthat the co-operative marketing ofBurley tobacco is "the only way" tosell it."I think it is a good proposition,"said General Williams, "and thatevery grower of burley tobaccoought to get in. I have been a littleslow in signing myself, I will admit, but you can say that I am conyinced that the Burley Associationhot only has done a great thing forall of us who grow tobacco, but thatit has found the only right methodof selling tobacco so as to eliminatethe profits of speculators and otherswhich rightfully belong to the producers themselves."The Burley Tobacco Growers'Association, to my mind, has clearlydemonstrated the success of its system of marketing. I signed the contract as soon as it was presented tome by Albert T. Day, of the Association. "The Burley tobacco growers generally should congratulate themselves on the personnel of theirmanagement. With such management, composed, as it is, of menwho know tobacco thoroughly, witha loyal membership, which the Association has proved it has, and theconfidence of, the banking and business public, it is evident to me thatit is time now for all growers ofBurley tobacco to come into the Association."BAD COLD GONEIN FEW HOURS"Pape's Cold Compound" Acts Quick,Costs Little and NeverSickens !In a few hours your cold is gone,head and nose clear, no feverishness, headache, or stuff ed-up feeling. Druggists here guarantee thesepleasant tablets to break up a coldor the grippe quicker than nastyquinine. They never make you sickor uncomfortable. Buy a box of"Pape's Cold Compound" for a fewcents and get rid of your cold rightnow. (adv-T)TOOL CHEST FOUND IN BOATSUNK 1863p- 7siK'-Aaa m-m wm i vmmM5frfiY &aMtfs'"tifi" . SlASSteSg.g'yyteH gf;fe.iyiHif' f -y r.T-.rt,wmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmA chest of tools from the steamerAlice Dean, which was sunk July 9,1863, in the Ohio River nearMauckport, forty-five miles south ofNew Albany, by Gen. John H. Morgan; the Confederate cavalry leader,has been recovered from the sunkenhull by rivermen of Mauckport.Gen. Morgan used the Alice Deanto transport his troops across theOhio itiver from Brandenburg, Ky.,to make his famous raid in SouthernIndiana and Ohio. After the crossing, Gen. Morgan burned the steamer. Tne sunken nun nas lam in tnesand near the mouth of Buck Creeksince that time.During the recent low stage of theriver, Vincent Applegate and Marion and "Norval Frank, of Mauckport, were exploring the hull, whenthey recovered a full chest of steamboat tools. The tools, which are ofold design, are in a fairly goodstate of preservation, although theyhave been under the water for almost sixty years.The hull has been a goal for relichunters, and little now remains except the timbers.oYEAE BOOK ISSUEDTHE NEWS acknowledges receiptof a copy of the year book for 19221923 of the Kentucky State Federation of Woman's Clubs, which hasjust been issued. The year book isa very complete and interestingnumber, with all the important details of the Federation work, theproceedings of the State FederationConvention, lists of officers, chairmen, roster of clubs, etc. The bookis bound in heavy green buckramwith black lettering and has theseal of Kentucky on the front cover.oDON'T PUT IT OFFOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If yo.u wait until laterthe one you want may be sold out.Come in, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.A long step towards peace wouldbe taken if folk's resisted the temptation to talk back.Money talks, but it takes a lot ofit to make a noise that attracts attention. o ,It takes more judgment to knowwjien to quit a Job-' than when totari it.BBBBBBBBBjBBBBBViFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAY"itt- ,WE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.' Hmc3&zTHE TTNLMERS AL CARYou Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYParis, Kentucky. ' . "c :F. aixaiBXxBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street-aLm.JPLvv.g&mBxzesimi;UPM)yyMgj ' feri-vhM ciwmTMisHf 'i1 JcrWU&JXHI 'bV-r4aWK'O S"a? '! SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!Hj With all the latest improve- Sff merits in laundry appliances I- and expert helpers we are JJnor to none, and solicit x"your patronage.The Bourbon LaundrjrParis, KentuckyIXHXfllXmVPatroBtie Bwbo New -Afortntn.-.PAGE SIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAKIS, KENTUCKY' - TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17,. 12,9lI The successful man early In lifelearned the value of a smile., Perhaps the self-made man couldS&o better if given another chance.' ;- XEQDBOYS'Two-TrouserSUITSTweeds, Checks andNovelty Patterns, Builtto WearS10-S12.50-S15FREE!A Genuine Eversharp Pencil with Every Suit.Boys' Caps$1.00 $1.50Shirts and Blouse Waists$1.00 AND $1.50Price & Co.ClothiersDEATHSlife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayWISEFuneral services for DorothyJean Wise, infant daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Wise, who died atthe home of her parents,, in Cincinnati, were held at the grave in theParis Cemetery, Friday morning.Mrs. Spears Moore and Miss RubyJane Houston, of Paris, are sistersof Mrs. Wise.PRYORWilliam Pryor, Jr., son of Mr.and Mrs. William Pryor, former residents of Bourbon county, died inWashington. The body was takento his old home in Shelbyville, Indiana, for interment. Young Pryorwent overseas during 'the world war,! and was wounded in one of the engagements in France, from the effects of which he never fully recovered. His uncle, Jack Pryor, ofParis, attended "the funeral and burial. He was a nephew of Mrs. W. P.Jett, of Paris, and Mrs. WilliamHuffman, of Newtown.SMITHFuneral services for NoahSmith, aged eighty-two, who died athis home in Columbia, Mo., wereheld at the grave fn the GeorgetownCemetery, Friday, conducted byProf. W. C. Bower, assisted by Rev.Rodney McQuery. The pall-bearerswere: Brack Smith, Chas. Layton,Chas. Smith, Wm. Smith, FredCraumbaugh and George Sabel. Thebody was accompanied by his niece,Mrs. Hattie Elkins Hillson, who returned to her home in Columbia immediately after the funeral.Mr. Smith was a native of Bourbon county, and left in 1878 forMissouri, where he resided to thetime of his death. He was an uncle of Wm. Smith, superintendent ofthe Paris Cemetery, and has manyrelatives in this county.HUMEFollowing a protracted illnessdue to a complication of diseases,Wm. P. Hume, aged about seventy,died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, at a late hourThursday night.Mr. Hume was for many yearsprominently identified with the agricultural interests of the county,having been engaged in farming until a few years ago, when he movedto Paris, purchasing property onSecond street, which he and his family occupied until the death of Hiswife, when he went to live with hisson, D. Hume, and f amily. Inj early life Mr. Hume was married o4 4 . - .a.fc- - 2. 1' 1Miss Sallie' Bacon, daughter of 'thelate Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Bacon, ofParis, who preceded him to thegrave many years ago. To this union two children were born, Mrs.HOscar Donaldson, of Idaho, and MrsD. Hume, of this city, both of whomsurvive. He was married a' secondtime, his second wife, Mrs. Sue GassHume, dying a few years ago. Hewas a brother-in-law of Miss ClaraBacon and J. W. JBacon, of Paris, W.A. Bacon, of Gallon, Alabama, andOtis Bacon, of Texas, and has numerous relatives throughout thecounty.The funeral was held Friday afternoon a three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris' Christianchurch. The pall-bearers were:Active: Frank Skillman, J. SimmsWilson, J. W. Bacon, James McClure, D. M. Frederickson, John M.Clay; honorary: Dr. Wm. Kenney,Dr. J. A. Stoeckinger, Jos. Leach,John M. Leach.HERRIN$ John W. Herrin, aged aboutsixty, eldest son of the late Mrs.Sallie Herrin, of Paris, died at hishome near Stamping Ground, inScott county, last week, followingan operation performed at the KingsDaughters Hospital, in Frankfort.Mr. Herrin was a native of Bourbon'county, but had been a resident ofScott county for the past thirtyyears. He was a brother of Edward,Jess and Thomas Herrin, and ofMrs. William Farris and Mrs. Marion Leach, all of Paris. Besidesthese members of the family Mr.Herrin is survived by his widow;,'who was before her marriage MissSallie Samuels, of Stamping Ground.The funeral was held Friday afternoon at two o'clock, at the family home in Stamping Ground, withservices conducted by DrfW. L.Shearer, pastor of the Baptistchurch, assisted by Dr.. George R.Waggoner, pastor of the Christianchurch. The interment followed onthe family lot in the StampingGround Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere: Dr. Wm. Salin, Dr. A. Stewart, W. S. Yates, B. S. Calvert, T. E.Gayle and V. C. Robinson.SPEARSA message from Dr. LlewellynSpears, in Louisville, yesterday, toParis relatives, told of the death inKingston, New York, yesterdaymorning of Mrs. Keith Spears McClintock, p. former resident of thiscity. Mrs. McClintock had been aresident of Kingston for severalyears. The telegram gave no particulars. Mrs. McClintock was about sixtyyears old, and was the daughter ofthe late Mr. and Mis. Henry SpearsALAMO2:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChUdren ..10cSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box Office.81TUESDAY Here They Are! TUESDAYWALLACE REIDmTW with ELSIE FERGUSONS-JL?" tcgT mBasei? on the novel, "Peter Ibbetson" There's none better than "Forever." It's a picture worthy of your consideration.FOREVERyyGRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults 30cGallery 20cChildren 1 0cWednesday Goldwyn Presents WednesdayHELEN CHADWICKIN BASIL KING'S"The Dust Flower"The story of a modern Cinderella. Cast includes James Rennie."THE STORK'S MISTAKE," AN EDUCATIONAL COMEDY,Ain) PATHE NEWS.Thursday Alamo Matinee and Night ThursdayMary Carr & Violet Mercereauin "THUNDERCLAP"The Greatest Race Track Story Ever FilmedMOVIE CHATSAND "TOUCH ALL BASES," A OPOLLABD COMEDYof Paris. She was the widow ofWilliam McClintock, of Paris, whowas for many years in the revenueservice here and elsewhere through'this ""district. Mrs. McClintock wasa woman of fine intellectual attainments, and was greatly belovedby a large circle of friends." Mrs. McClintock is survived byfour brothers, Dr. Llewellyn Spears,and Rev. Hal Spears, of Louisville;Ben Spears, of Paris; Jake Spears, ofBrooklyn, New York; one sister,Mrs. Arthur Golsten, of Middlesboro.The funeral arrangements had notbeen made last night as THENEWS closed its forms.If-4HEY, FELLERS!Have You Seen Those StiltsWalsh's are Giving Away WithEvery Boy's Suit Sold?ilif TT pR.Yes, sir! A good, strong pair of stilts is givenwith every boy's suit, regardless of price, and theyare adjustable to three sizes close to the ground orhigher up. They will coax every muscle in thebody into play and improve health.cAnd say, boys! Tell your mothers that thekind of clothes we sell are the kind that stand upunder rough wear and rough exercise, such aswalking stilts, playing foot ball and every-dayplay.You'll like the models we are showing somelike the cut designed and tailored by master tailorswho understand what boys want. Good wearingfabrics are found in newest patterns and colorings.Most of Our Suits are With Two PairsPants. Every Suit Priced Right.$6.50 to $20.00P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreHome Phone 448Paris, Ky.REAL ESTATE DEALSHarris, Speakes & Harris closed adeal Friday between W. E. Turnerand W. E. Dunham which resulted inproperty belonging tothem changing hands. Mr. Turner sold his onestory frame bungalow to Mr. Dunham for the reported price of $4,500, and Mr. Dunham sold to Mr.Turner his iarm of seventy acreswith improvements, in the LittleRock vicinity, for $7,700. Possession of the property will be givenMarch 1, 1922.SEVENTH DISTRICT MEETING OF' WOMAN'S CLUBSThe Seventh District meeting ofthe Kentucky 'Federation of Women's Clubs will be hfeld in theBaptist chjnrch, at Frankfort, tomorrow. The Frankfort Club willbe hosts for the occasion.The meeting will begin with registration of delegates at 9:30 a. m.The morning session will enmbracethe invocation by Mrs. Will Gale, ofFrankfort; address of welcome byMrs. W. J. Stone; Response by Mrs.Owen L. Davis, of Paris, reading ofminutes; three-minute reports ofClubs; violin solo; address by Mrs.H. G. Reynolds, president of theKentucky Federation; appointing,nominating, resolution and courtesies committees; announcements;adjournment and luncheon at 12:15o'clock.The afternoon session will becalled at 1:30 p. m., with the following program; Music; reports ofState Chairmen or their proxies; ad-dress by Mrs. J. C. Layne, first vice-president of the Kentucky Federation; music; election of vice-governorand secretary: music: addressI by Mrs. Crenshaw, second vicepresident of the Kentucky Federation; round table discussion; report of committees; adjournment.I The Paris Clubs will be represented by theN following delegates: Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Mrs. Thomas w!Allen, Mrs. J. Simms Wilson, Mrs.James Duncan Bell, Miss RanahOwens, Mrs. C. S. Goldstein, Mrs.Charlton Alexander, Mrs. R. L. Wilson.BIRTHSMr. and Mrs. Carl Lenox, formerly of Paris, are rejoicing overthe advent of a six-pound daughter,born at their home in Covington,Friday. Mrs. Lenox was before hermarriage, Miss Ella Mae Wright, ofLudlow.Dr. and Mrs. J. D. Calhoun, ofMillersburg, are welcoming a handsome little daughter, born Fridaymorning.Mr. and Mrs. Harold Johnson,of Columbus, Ohio, are welcoming adaughter, born yesterday morningat their home in that city. The little girl has been named SusanneJohnson, in compliment to Mr.Johnson's sister, Miss Sue Johnson,of Paris.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANT"Cumb. Phone 806a:vf V-X.:Fall FootwearBargains!For AH This WeekcAmazing values. Brand new Fall styles. Greatselection. Shoes arid Oxfords for every member of thefamily at one-third less in price. Buy your new FallShoes at this store and save the difference.A great value special offeringLadies' newest style Patent LaceOxfords, Tan Oxfords, Tan LaceShoes, low and medium heels, newfl j iawing tip. Special Sale $3.49 and Mfi4uLadies' Tan English Lace Oxfords,low rubber heels, all sizes. pSpecial at Jbl.UDMen's newest fall tan dress Shoes;blucher and new English lasts.A fpWorth moie. Special at. . . -id 3 3Men's Tan Dress Shoes, rubbery a rtnheels. Special at !bZwuMen's Scout Shoes; Tan and Black. fSpecial at 1.95 and 4 I Ui5 jLadies' and Growing Girls' new fallstyle Tan Lace Boots; rubberf) nrheels, a real value. Special at . . J jljlSchool Shoes Better Shoes for lessmoney. Misses' and Children's'Tan Lace Boots. All sizes, 8 ft ftup to 2. Special sale i I -UUBoys' newest style School Shoes.All solid leather. A surprisingvalue. All sizes, 1 up to 6.jn flCsPeal JZ.SjBoys' and Youth's $3.00 School aaShoes. All sizes. Special J JjyChildren's Kid Shoes; sizes 2 to 6. A a. Special JJIJQIt Pays to Buy at This StorePOSNER BROS.DAN COHEN STANDfjf " ',1f3336 MAIN STREET4 siTtf ', J'lW&.i;i. &&? uiYiy :&sVivJv r -5.14s v, wtii2iijA- v-- i- itv-. -K-4.v JJx.4L ..r c2v-r-fH?ri t rck. .srtr " i1y ,