7W ,f' .vS"v? ' i """- - VV " " r.'l'BA ? fi "1NVW ': '"V 1-4rfmi mi wm, .' N "!?- K?i 7 CfT ti I- fiPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.KVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1S22. ... I rTHENEWS,mlm mm MimLMmjmm''MM ' 'B:nv HBs. 1 K imi ml mi H Wk H KDE. GILLISPIE SPEAKS ON PEES-BYTEEIAN CAMPAIGN"Presbyterians must not only takeheroic measures to save the churchKentucky. "For two or three years,"as well," said Dr. R. T. Gillispie,State Chairman of the Joint Commission of the Presbyterian Church,North and South, when interviewedrelative to the State-wide movement-now on for Christian Education inthe interest of the institutions inKentucky. For two or three years,"Dr. Gillispie continued, "the leadersof the church and our schools, bothlaymen and clergy, have had weighing upon their hearts the urgencyof presenting facts and the truestate of affairs to their constituency." Dr. Gillispie is a man of forcefulcharacter, a born leader, radiatingconfidence, calmness and deliberteness. As he talked his eyes beamed with a vision of a practical future that as he expressed it, "is thehope not only of the leaders of thechurch, but every Presbyterian inKentucky.""Referring to Roger Babson, towhom the business interests andcaptains of industry look for theirguidance in statistics, hecontinued,""Babson says the need of the houris not more factories, or material, orrailroads, or more steamships ormore armies or more navies, butrather more education based on theplain teachings of Jesus. The prosperity of our country depends uponthe motives and purposes of the people. These motives and purposesare directed in the right courseonly through religion. Legislation,bounties or force are of no avail indetermining man's attitude towardslife. Harmony at home and peacewith the world will only be determined in the same way."The warmth and enthusiasmbacked with determination could beseen in the square jaw and grey eyeof this leader of Presbyterianthought in this State which wasakin to the masterful statesmanshipof the late James J. Hill to whomhe referred when he said, "Thesmall Christian collegers the hopeof America, character is essential tostatesmanship and these collegesare vital factors in the developmentof sterling character.""No less an authority than President Harding," said Dr. Gillispie,"is responsible for these words:'Along with this, there is the obligation to maintain and encourage thesmaller colleges. It is the small college that democratizes the higher(Continued on Page 2)THE PRIDEEXCLUSIVE AGENCYANDSHOWING OFBETTY WALES DRESSESandSHIRLEYCANTON CREPE SPIRELLAFRENCH BOUCLE CREPE ,SATINandPIQUETIN TRICOTINE ANDOTHER NOVELTY WOOLMATERIALSALL LEADING SHADESSizes' " 1315171916 and 46DAILY ARRIVALS'fQLlfDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS,UNION LEADERS TO MEET MONDAYA call for an immediate meetingof the policy committee of 90 roadsin Chicago, probably Monday, wassent out Wednesday by John Scott,secretary of the striking shop craftunions.The telegraphic appeal was incode and was addressed to the regional general chairman of the organization in all parts of the country. It was expected that it wouldbe several days before they couldarrive in Chicago, and for that reason no general sessions were expected before next week.The meeting was called, it was intimated, to consider plans for a settlement of the strike on separateroads representing about one-thirdof the country's mileage. It followed reports of conferences betweenB. M. Jewell, head of the strikers,and rail executives in the East.The announcement was made byMr. Scott in commenting on reportsthat B. M. Jewell, president of theshop crafts, and representatives ofsome 85,000 miles of roads wereseeking separate agreement to endthe shopmen's walkout.American Federation of Laborchiefs led by President Samuel Gompers yesterday prepared to draft aplan of attack upon Attorney General Dougherty's injunction againstthe railroad shop crafts strikers.Following a series of secret conferences Wednesday night, it was announced at labor headquarters inthe Ambassador Hotel, at AtlanticCity, that it had been almost definitely decided to attempt throughthe courts 'to have the Daughertyact vacated.Leaders expect, however, to havesuch a plan in shape to be submitted to the executive council of theAmerican Federation of Labor whenit convenes in formal session Saturday. oMOST BEAUTIFUL WOMANTHE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD WILL APPEAR AT THE ALAMO ANDGRAND, MONDAY AND TUESDAYIN "(lUEEN OF SHEBA," AGREAT WILLAM FOX SUPERSPECIAL PRODUCTION.WATERMELONSHome-grown Watermelons on ice.Fine ripe melons. Phone us yourorder.C. P. COOK & CO.:?vOF PARIS"iFROCKS, - .5i 1KENTUCKYCHILDREN OF SLAIN WOMANLIVE IN PARISWhen Luther F. Violett, of Cincinnati, shot and killed his wife,Mrs. Bertha Violett, aged thirtynine, and shot himself in the lefttemple at their home in that city,Tuesday night, tragedy enteredalso into the lives of two Parischildren, who are at the home oftheir grandmother, Mrs. L.- F. Violett, on Sixteenth street, in thiscity.The double tragedy took place atthe yiolett home shortly after teno'clock Tuesday night. From statements made to the police by one ofthe children, Dorothy Violett, sevenyears old, who was in another roomat the time, it was learned that theViolettes had been quarreling forabout an hour.. Jealousy on thepart of Violett was alleged to havebeen the cause of the shooting.When police reached the residencein response to a telephone messagethey found tlie doors all locked.Forcing an entrance they found thebody of Mrs. Violett on the floor,while a short distance away lay Violett, with an automatic revolver byhis side.The Violetts are the parents offour children, Dorothy and Barton,aged seven and five, who were at thefamily home, and Norman and Luther, aged nine and ten respectively, who have been making theirhome with their grandmother, inthis city.Violett was a traveling salesmanand, according to his neighbors, hadbecome very jealous of his wife.The neighbors told the police thatViolett had no real cause for jealousy. Violett has been in bad healthfor more than a year, and wasthought to have been suffering fromsome delusion regarding the conductof his wife, as a result of the condition of his mind. Neighbors of theViolett family stated that Violetthad acted very strangely at times,and had told them on various occasions that he believed he had consumption, and that he would ratherkill himself than have to lingerwith such a disease.Mrs. Katherin Scheonlaub, jointresident of the house in which Violett lived, stated that the nighboisbecame so alarmed oved Violett's attitude that she sent for his mother,who was then in Paris. Mrs. Violett went to Cincinnati, but returned to Paris in a short time, nnnnr-.. , ., , . .77' -SSVtlenuy convinced mat ner son wassailright again. Two weeks ago Mrs.Violett became panic-stricken atsomething her husband had said,and came to Paris, where she remained until regaining her composure, when she returned to Cincinnati. The funeral of Mr. and Mrs. Violett, victims of the double tragedy,will be held at the grave in theFrankfort Cemetery this afternoonat 4:15 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. Arthur Fox, pastorof the' Paris Baptist church.G0EGE0US COSTUMESWONDEEFUL BALLETS WITHGOEGEOUS COSTUMES, DAEINGHIPPODEOME EACING, ACEESOF HANDSOME AND ELASOEATESETS IN "QUEEN OF SHEDA,"GEEATEST OF WILLIAM FOXPEODUCTIONS AT THE ALAMOAND GEAND MONDAY ANDTUESDAY.oCHILD SUPPOSED VICTIM OFOF POISONBeatrice, the two-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Fount TankersUey, who reside on North Vine street,died suddenly Wednesday nightfrom the effects of what was allegedto be strychnine poisoning. Ie wasalleged that in some manner thechild had secured strychnine tablets,which had been 'prescribed by thefamily physician for an older child,who is afflicted with heart trouble.The little child was playing in theyard at her home when she wasstricken, and died within a few moments. The older child is in a critica condition, and was removed tothe Massie Memorial Hospital.The funeral of the dead child willbe held this morning at eleveno'clock, with services conducted atthe grave in the Paris Cemetery byRev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the ParisBaptist church.NEW SEED CEOPSNEW CEOP MICHIGAN EOSENEYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOEED WHEATBEENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)CITY PEOPEETY AT AUCTIONSeven-room home at public saleWednesday, September 13, at 2:00p. m. Located on Sixteenth street,Read the display ad in today'sNEWS.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRISPEEPAEATIONS FOE PEESBYTEEIAN EDUCATIONA MOVEMENT PBOGEESSINGPreparations for the intensivecanvass in Paris among the Presbyterians for the educational movement are progressing rapidly, according to Mr. Peale Collier, Chairman of the Executive Committee.Emphasis is laid on the fact thatthat this is the largest educationalundertaking in the history of theNorthern and Southern Presbyterianchurches in Kentucky."To achieve success," said Mr.Owen L. Davis, chairman of the organization committee, "the movement calls for the co-operation ofevery Presbyterian man and womanLKertv' .a iS n- Ume for!said to have a wife, who is at themwnwus. Acuurumg io lVlr.Davis the program includes thewhole educational system of Kentucky as fostered by the Presbyterian church. He points-out that other instructions in the State have accomplished as much or more than isnow being undertaken by the Presbyterians. It is unthinkable thatthe Presbyterians alone are notequal to their share of the task ofthe religious problems of the world,"he said."The Presbyterian colleges and educational institutions are sufferingfrom a lack of resources to maintain their work," he pointed out."Some of them are in dire need;some have been kept alive by thesacrifics of underpaid and overworked men annd women. They needbuilding equipment. additionalteachers, and income producing endowment to continue their work.""The number of vacant pulpits inthe Presbyterian church is appalling. Figures obtained from theminutes of the General Assembyshow the need for immediate action"by our church or the condition willshortly become even more seriousthan it is now," according to Mr.Pike, who has charge of the Kentucky Presbyterian Educationalmovement in Paris."In the territory controlling theUnion Theologcal Seminary thereare 198 candidates for 564 vacantpulpits. In other words," he said,"about one candidate for .three vacant pulpits. This territory includes Virginia, North Carolina,West Virginia and one half of Appalachia Synods."In the territory belonging to Columbia Seminary, that is, SouthCarolina, Georgia, Florida and Alabama, there are 111 candidates forthe ministry to fill 516 vcant pulpits. "The Presbyterian TheologicalSeminary of Kentucky takes in Kentucky, Missouri, and one-half ofAppalachia Synods and recordsshow that there are 51 candidatesfor the ministry in this territoryfor 211 pulpits and this does not include the vacant pulpits in theNorthern Presbyterian church. Inthe territory naturally belonging toAustin Seminary, that is, Texas,Oklahoma and Arkansas, there are63 candidates for the ministry asagainst 34 vacant pulpits. TheSynods of Mississippi, Louisianaand Tennesse are what might becalled unaffiliated and the figuresfor this territory show 327 vacantpulpits and 53 candidates to fillthem. In Kentucky it takes 27 elders, 30 deacons and 828 churchmembers to produce one candidatefor the ministry in the Southernchurch. The ratio of candidates forthe ministry to the number ofchurches is about one candidate to6 vacant churches.""This condition," stated Mr. Pike,cannot continue very much longer,The church is calling urgently formore ministers."On Friday evening at 6:30 o'clockthere will be an Opening Dinner atthe Presbyterian church for theworkers in the Presbyterian movement of Christian education, atwhich time they will be addressedby Rev. S. W. Gill, State Director ofthe movement, on the proper methodof organization and reasons will begiven why the 'local campaign shouldbe closed according to schedule.What is promises to be the largestgathering of Presbyterians everheld in Paris will take place Sunday evening at seven-thirty o'clockat the First church. This is knownas the Presbyterian "Parley" and iscalled for the purpose of presenting;the various phases of the Presbyterian movement for Christian education. The speaker of the eveningwill bevRev. Benj. Jay Bush, D. D.,Vice-Chairman of the Joint Commission and Secretary of the ExecutiveCommittee. Dr. Bush is an authority on Christian education and it iscertain that not only Presbyterians,but members of other denominationswill attend these services, inasmuchas the campaign work has been followed closely by the citizens in gen-'eral.NEW SEED CEOPSNEW CEOPMCHIGAN EOSENEYE TIMOTHY SEED.11ENT (fe-CO., nrc. .. 29-tf) L, , .- .NEWS OF THE COUETSIn the County Court Judge Geo.Batterton assessed a fine of $100and costs against Otha Leggitt, ofnear Paris, and gave him a jail sentence of forty days, on a charge ofcontributing to the delinquency oftwo girls, Hattie Henson, eighteen,and Lucy Howard, sixteen. The evidence disclosed that Leggitt induced the two girls to accompany himfrom Paris to Indianapolis in anauto, staying there at three different hotels until the girls were takenin charge by the Y. W. C. A., andtheir fathers notified. They werereturned to their homes and Leggittwas placed under arrest after he followed mem to .Fans. .Leggitt ispoint of death with tuberculosis,and also two infant children.Otha Leggitt, who was arrestedand given a hearing in Court on thecharge of contributing to the delinquency of children and failing toprovide support for his family, willappeal his case to the Bourbon Circuit Court. Leggitt was found guilty of the first charge and was fined$100 and given a jail sentence offifty days.Joe Wills, a young white man,for whose arrest Sheriff M. PealeCollier has been carrying a warrantfor several days, surrendered Wednesday and furnished bond for hisappearance before County JudgeGeorge Batterton in the CountyCourt, to-morrow morning, to answer to a charge of selling moonshinewhisky.In the County Court Thomas Holtwas fined $15 and costs by JudgeBatterton upon his plea of guilty tothe charge of hunting doves withouta license. The warrant was swornto by Deputy Game Warden A. W.Bullock. This is the first case of theseason under the game law violationacts.Sheriff M. Peale Collier placedWill Nichols, colored, under arrestWednesday night, on the Maysvillepike, near Paris, for having in hispossession a quart of moonshineliquor, from which the possessor hadtaken a drink, probably as a sample.Judge Batterton appointed JulianAdair as administrator of the estate of Fannie C. Norton, who diedsome weeks ago in Millersburg. Mr.Adair accepted the trust and qualified by furnishing bond in the sum of$3,500, with Wm. D. Mclntyre, ofMillersburg, as surety.As a result of orders given to theFRANK & CO. ;LADIES' OUTFITTERSNEW FALLMODESFall days are here, bringing with them the desireto do things and to getnew clothes.The new fashions havearrived. Box after boxdiscloses new treasures,new modes, new fabrics.You will find them inevery way such smartness,such colorings, such combinations and such low ,prices.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS iy , , ... hamBASEMLtYESTERDAY'S RESULTS -. M'Paris 6, Mt. Sterling 2,Winchester 12, Maysville 0. 'Cynthiana 3, Lexington 7.Cynthiana and Maysville arscheduled to play an exhibitiongame at Cynthiana to-day, accordimffto information received here yetrday.According to the schedule of thBlue Grass LeagueJPari. has-Jeigktmore "at home games" on the localgrounds. The season closes on Oc-tober 12, Columbus Day, when Pari -willplay Maysville on the lattergrounds.SHOWEEED WITH COALThere have been showers of vari-ous sorts in Paris recently, but tobe showered with coal does not fallto the lot of everyone. Such was th.9experience which befell Thomas Craven, guard at the pump house of thLbuisville & Nashville, and J. C.Feeback, night engineer, at the samplace. While a northbound freighttrain was crossing the station Monday night, someone threw a larglump of coal from a loaded coal car,the heavy missle chrashing through,a window just above where the meitwere sitting, showering them withparticles of coal and splinteredglass. By good luck both men escaped serious injury.It could not be ascertained whothrew the missle, as the train wasgetting under good headway at thetime, and the night being dark alltrace of the bomb-thrower was lostin the distance. Louisville & Nashville officials were notified, and araconducting an investigation, with aview to locating the cause of tfietrouble.oThe fellow who watches his work,and not the clock, is bound to bsuccessful.Paris police by Mayor January,thirty-two autoists were cite"d to appear in the Police Court to answercharges of violation of the traffic ordinances The majority were chargedwith failing to have red tail lightson their autos. Each violator wasfined $1.00 and warned against a.second offense. The police have beengiven strict orders to exercisespecial care in enforcing this partof the automobile ordinances.L. (sept8-12)iX vrriijj, v Jf1 v 't . -SKJi&&&BH' &rk&tv.. .-A-v--trf Ewfc ? r - &&&JFS r -u ? irr ."V J, - -r" J . X' - . -,.?. -kPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,NTUCKT-nr f y f r V"FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER t, l$2tKEn.!flt Ii 'Ml'i:1 rI;!KsKH!MlTHE BOURBON NEWS!fefcUitfad 18PI 41 Years of ConturaoTLs .PublicationNbJished Every Tuesday and Pridaylf Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash, in Advance.twin CHAMP, Editor and Owner.,(Stard at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffle as Mall Matter of thtSecond Class.)0U FOREIGN BEPBESENTATIVES. Mew York American Press Association. Chicago lord & Thomas.Philadelphia M. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati SameThompson q0Louisville Lowman-JCullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line-ach issue; reading-notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Catds of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orether matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSHe who toots uponA fluteShould be beatenWicked brute!"If a girl will gladly row youWhere the water lillies grow,Xet me ask this question of youIs it faip to let her row?.Oh, say, old fellows, "can you rennember when the women in crossing the streets brazenly lifted their-.skirts half-way to the shoe tops?.And just thing of what is happening now!m mIf we want to flood our lives with-rsunshine and love we must be real.men and women, and to be real mena.nd women there are other things,"besides merely getting a living, that:must be done.Some nervous Paris people have"been bothering their heads aboutwhether there is an "a" or an "e" inthe middle of the word "canteloupe." Normal people merely wonder why so many canteloupes are' without flavor and fit only to be-trodden under, the foot of man."It is said that dancing makes-girls' feet large. It is also said thatice cream causes freckles. Doctors...are of the opipion that hanging onthe front gate induces rheumatism,v.and that sitting in the porch swingdn a dark corner is conducive tolumbago. A few more opinionsHike these, and the girls won't havet-any more fun left for them.-"Those Paris men who criticize"bobbed hair are being hotly condemned by the Paris girls who bob- their hair, and that, of course, is- reasonable. Yet, what would therirls say to, and of, a young man: bidding for their favor with hair- down to his waist in two -pigtails,ior sweetly curled in the corkscrewzfityle, or done neatly in a psycheSknot?,We have indulged in our share ofamusement at the foreign tourist'who viewed the country from a"Pullman window and then wrote a'"'book about it but how about themotorist' who drives through a fine"town like Paris, sees nothing but-the filling stations, talks to nobody1)ut the man with the gasoline hose,:-nd returns home to laugh at the"""hick town" he or she has "visited?" o"DOGS GUARDED CHURCH MAN'SSTILLGrowling bulldogs delayed prohibition agents when they sought to-raid the residence of Ludwig Stinke,-in Louisville. The dogs leaped at the"iront fence, barking and snarling-when the - agents appeared. Under-the threat to shoot the dogs, Mrs.tStinke called them off. A copper-still of twenty-five gallons capacity"was found in a barn in the rear ofthe yard. With it were found 100gallons of mash and one and a halft,pints of white whisky. "Pleasekeep this case out of the newspapers" Mrs. 'Stinke is said to haveT?leded. "For fifteen years I havebeen going to church regularly, andSI would not want my friends to hearof the trouble." Stinke was citedo appear before the United StatesOoauniseioner.You can always tell a-fratTfcy it barkTdogwood,.," priSPEAKS OM PILES-CAMPAIGN(Continued from Page 1)education. Here, too, the studentfinds that intimate association withhis instructors, which is impossiblein the great universities. The essence of a great school is not inmarble and mortar and architecture; nor yet in the multitude of thematriculants. The traditions of famous schools concern men, who havestamped their personalities, whohave given their generous natures,who have colored the intellectualatmosphere about them. And menwho are big and strong enough todo that are as likely to be .found inthe modest as in the impressive environment." Dr. Gillispie made the astoundingstatement' that all the denominational colleges in the South together, have less endowment than anyone of the six colleges for womenla Massachusetts. "Why is it?"asked Dr. Gillispie, "that schoolsand colleges are any more the business of the church in Kentucky thancontinuing houses and factories?Obviously, because the church is inthe teaching business. Because itclaims not only the right to teach,but claims the subordination of allother teaching to its teaching. Because it claims for itself the mostimportant branch of knowledgewhat is God, and what duty doesGod require of man? A teacher itself, a teacher which claims subordination of all other knowledge to itsknowledge, it cannot remain indifferent to the rest of the educationalprocess. If the church will ceaseappealing to the intellect of manand appeal only to his esthetic sensibilities, to his imitative instinct,to his love of mystery, to his emotions it may perhaps safely ignorethe colleges and schools.""There is small comfort in thefact that our Federal taxes average$270.00 a year per family; that$183.00 of it is on account of pastwars, interest on war debts, pensions, vocational and health rehabilitation for soldiers and sailors; that$66.00 goes direct to expeditures onthe army and navy and that only$16.00 of it goes for Governmentfunctions, salaries and public works,and that only $2.70 of it is spent oneducation, health and agriculture.The navy costs us more year by yearthan all of our churches of everyname, sect and sort, in this pastyear by some fifty million dollars.The army costs us more than all ourcolleges, technical schools, universities, church and State by two hundred million dollars. A single firstclass battleship costs more than theteachers' training schools throughout the whole United States fromten to fifteen million more. So farin the world's history culture andthe curse of war have been one.The multitudes must begin to organize and face the facts in an intelligent, way. Our colleges mustlead the way,, and, above all ourchurches collapse. It costs something to have colleges, but it costsinfinitely more not to have them."Of the sixty colleges in theUnited States having an endowmentof a million or more, only nine arein the South, and one of these is fornegroes, and three are denominational colleges. The Presbyterianshave NONE!"If we want adequate leadershipin the church, we must find it inthe pulpit. If we want power inthe church we must find it in thepulpit. If we want power in thechurch we must find it in the pew.Both of these are developed in thechurch schools and college. In Kentucky there are one hundred and fifty-nineSouthern Presbyterianchurches to be supplied with ministers. At the last report from theSynod U. S. only seventeen candidates for admission were to befound in college and seminary. Thismeans that Kentucky must drawupon the already vitiated forces of sister Synods, We should notexpect that we can always secureour ministers from other Synods. Achurch which does not produce itsown leadership is a decliningchurch. Over ninety per cent of thecandidates for the ministry comesfrom Christian college. The sameinfluences which have led so largea proportion of the students" ofChristian schools to enter the ministry, are influencing many likethem into active church service inother fields as well as Christianprincipled men into other walks oflife. The gifts for all Presbyterian churchs in the Southin 1870 was $3 0.62 per member, in1917 it was $17.8,5, while the percapita wealth in 1870 was $770.00as against $2,223.00 in 1918. Thismeans that while individualwealth had increased one hundredand eighty-five per cent betweenthose years, the gifts of Presbyterians to their church in the Southduring the same period had increased only sixty per cent. If thechurch had increased their gifts inthe same proportion as the wealthof the United States increased, wewould have given last year in theSouthern Presbyterian church $10,-lli-66LJ"l '::ou. uui j.tLuers in jxyii nnn abroader vision and were more liberal than we are to-day for whatthey had. "There is a great needthroughout the Synod of Kentuckyfor an awakening regarding our educational institutions, as is wellknown to one familiar with thefacts, or would be 'evidenced by avisit to any of the beneficiaries TheOT w .tneJCpmaiisiion bZ the trurtee! and offl -actual eeasA as presemted to . theDi.GULiipn:BYTE1IANV rl&Tf HI 5 JPTO MEMBERS OF THE SEWINGCircleDear Ladies: Here are some factsthat will make you remember theFordney-McCumber Profiteers' Tariffbill:Hooks and. eyes, which are so indispensible, are to be increased incost by about 100 per cent. Thepresent duty .under the DemocraticUnderwood law is 15 per cent ad valorem. The Republican rate is tobe 4 cents a pound, plus 25 percent, ad valorem. Aren't they to bedear things?You can't sew on a button hereafter without thinking of the moneyyou are earning for some one else;a nice big trust. Under the law as itstands there is a tafriff rate of 15per cent; ad valorem on the buttonsyou use. The Republicans havemade the tax from 20 to 45 percent. This means an increase offrom 33 1-3 to 200 per cent. "Button, button, who gets the gravy,"In case you want a belt bucklehereafter you can get it for 200 percent, an even 266 2-3 per cent morethan you are now paying. The present duty of 15 per cent ad valoreumhas been increased to 45 and 55 percent ad valorem.You will be told that these higherrates are to prevent the flooding ofthe American markets with an inferior .product. Here- is the answerfrom the Tariff -Commission: Thedomestic production of hooks andeyes in 1920 was valued at morethan $1,000,000. Imports the sameyear were $3,401. The annual output of American button factories isabove $25,000,000. The imports in1920 were valued at $27,684.oSTORM FATAL TO HANCOCKCOLTMrs. Louise Viau sustained aheavy loss when the suckling colt byOmar Khayyam, out of Embroidery,by Celt, broke his right hind legduring the severe storm early Sunday morning, and later in the daywas destroyed by Dr. E. W. Haggard, at A. B. Hancock's ClaiborneStude, near Paris. This colt was abrother to the chestnut colt forwhich the Quincy Stable gave $5,000 at the auction at Saratoga,August 4, of the yearlings by OmarKhyyam that A. B. Hancock hadpurchased from Mrs. Viau.PLENTY OF COAL PROMISED FORKENTUCKYKentuckians need to have noworry about the supply or thetransportation of coal this winter,according to statements made bythe miner and operators of theState, the transportation heads ofthe Louisville & Nashville railroad,and the head of the governor's fuelcommittee.The miners and operators signeda working agreement which runsuntil April, 1923.The railroad company says thatwithin ten days there will be morefreight cars on hand than the miners can fill.NEW WELL DRILLED INW. K. Kearney, the well-driller,of Versailles, who has conductedextensive drilling operations for water in this county recently, broughtin a fine well last week on the farmof John W. Bell, near Paris. A fineflow of pure limestone water wasstruck at a depth of only nineteenfeet, with a capacity estimated atabout sixty gallons a minute. Thewater is of excellent quality, clearas crystal.' A partial solution of the drouthmatter for Bourbon county farmerswould be the sinking of artesian ordriven wells, which in nearlyevery case insures a strong andabundant flow of pure water for domestic and drinking purposes.eIf you would achieve popularity,son, put the brake 'on your tongueand be a good listener.cei-s, 'would aggregate several miilions. The million dollars soughtin the present appeal is to be apportioned as follows: Centre College, Danville, Ky., $200,000;Presbyterian Theological Seminary,Louisville, Ky., $300,000; The Kentucky College for Women, Danville,Ky., $200,000; Witherspoon College,Buckhorn, Ky., $50,000; Pikeville'College, Pikeville, Ky., $50,000, and$100,000 to be apportioned to Lee'sCollegiate Institute, Jackson, Ky.,Matthew T. Scott, Jr., Academy,Phelps, Ky., Sayre School, at Lexington and the Presbyterian Orphanage at Anchorage."Among the needs of these colleges and schools are such buildingsas administration, gymnasiums,laboratories, boys' and girls' dormitories, heating and power plants,professors and teachers' homes,equipped libraries, dining halls, furniture and fixtures and providingfoundations, fellowships, scholar-sVlinS! nnd onnilTTrmrmtr. -P-d. as weU aT geneWTpe"ating expenses. These buildiners orendowments afford fitting opportunity for memorials or family gifts."The Synods of Virginia, NorthCarolina, Alabama, Mississippi,Louisiana, Tennessee and Appalachia, have all raised their millionsand their sister Synod, will matchtheir gifts. The call is for a million dollars for the Presbyterian JSd-ucational Movement in Kentucky.'Let'. five the million."""t -jRt -.MOVED UIOFOttll BCIEWUT1WULSundaySchool' Lesson"(By REV. P. B. FITZWATER, D. D..Teacher of English Bible in the MoodyBible Institute of Chicago.)Copyright. 193. Wertarn Newspaper TTnlo.LESSON FOR SEPTEMBER 10TEACHING THeTTaW OF GODLESSON TEXT Neh. 8:1-18.GOLDEN TEXT Teach me, O Lord,the way of thy statutes; and I shall keepit unto the end. Ps. 119:33.REFERENCE MATERIAL Deut. 6:4-9;Acts 17:1-9. 10-15; Col. 1:9-11.PRIMARY TOPIC The Joy of LearningGod's Word.JUNIOR TOPIC How a Whole CityHeard God's Word.INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICThe Power of the "Word of God,YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICCommunity Bible Study.It will be of interest and profit topresent this lesson as an ideal Sunda; school class:1. A Model Bible Class (vv. 1-G).1. Tile Eager Assembly (v. 1). Thepeople gathered 'themselves togetherand "spake unto Ezra to bring thebook of the Law." It vras not a matter of the teacher urging the classto come together, but the class withyearning hearts requesting the teacherto come with God's Word.2. The Representative Assembly(v. 2). The .class was made up ofmen, women and children. The menthen did not leave the church-going tothe women. Neither were the childrenleft at home with nurses or 'to playon the streets. God's Word should betaught to all classes, men, women andchildren.3. An Appreciative Assembly (v. 3).Their ears were attentive from morning to midday. So eager were theyto know God's Word that they didnot get tired although the lessonlasted for five or six hours. There wasno pulling of watches in that class.4. Due Reverence Shown God'sWord (vv. 4, 5). When Ezra openedthe Law, all the people stood up. Thisthey did out of respect for the holybook. The reason there is not properreverence for the Bible is that peopleare not taught to believe it is God'sWord. Reverence in the house of Godwill only be when the Bible is regardedas God's very words.5. They Joined Heartily in thePrayer (v. G). As Ezra led them inprayer the people joined 'heartily insaying "Amen ! Amen !" bowing theirfaces to the ground.II. A Model Bible Teacher (vv. 7, 8).1. He Stood Up Where the PeopleCould See Him (v. 5). The positionand bearing of the teacher has muchto do with the attention and interestof the class.2. He Read Distinctly (v. 8).VTeachers should take particular heedto this. Much Bible reading is greatlyto the discredit of the Word and thereader.3. Caused the People to Understandthe Reading (v. 8). The supremebusiness of the teacher is to makethe Word of God so plain that all, oldand young, can understand.411. The Impressions Made (vv. 918). The effect of teaching God's Wordis most important. In this case it wasvery encouraging.1. Conviction of Sin (v. 9). The Wordof God brings conviction of sin (Acts2:37). It is quick and powerful (Heb.4:12). The way to get conviction ofsin is by teaching the Word of God,not by appealing to the emotions bytelling death-bed stories. The peoplehad real cause for sorrow they werefar from God. They not only ha$ become worldly and the rich were intheir greed oppressing the poor,but they were perplexed throughtheir mixed marriages.2. Weeping Turned Into Joy (vv. 1012). When sins have been perceivedand confessed God would not haveHis children to be sad.' Continuedmourning will notatone for the sinsthat are past It unfits one for present tasks and dishonors a pardoningGod. Besides, Joy has a salutary effectupon one's entire being.,3. Shared : Their Blessings WithOthers (vv. 10-12). Christianity Is nothaving a good time alone; it is sharing our prosperity w,ith others. Truejoy manifests itself in giving to others.Pure religion goes out to minister tothe poor (Jas. 1:27).4. The People ' Obeyed (vv. 13-18).In their acquaintance with the Scriptures they found that the Feast ofHTabernacles had been long neglected.As soon as they understood the Scriptures they went forth to do as theyhad been told. They went to work andkept this sacred feast In a way thatit had not been kept since the daysof Joshua (v. 17). If the Scriptureswere read and made plain manyjthingscould be found which have not beenComplied with. In the keeping of thisfeast they dwelt in booths, thus typifying their pilgrim character andbringing to their remembrance thedays of their wilderness journey.The Eyes of Others. -Itis the eyes of other people thatruin us. If all but myself were blind,I should neither want a fine housenor fine furniture. Franklin.Our Faults.We confess small faults, in order toinsinuate that we have no great' ones.Rochefoucauld.Man.Man' is a reasoning rather than areasonable animal. -AlexaadferHamll-REALDEALSAs agent for the heirs of the lateMrs. Rebecca Shannon Nippert, Jas.M. O'Brien sold at public auction onthe premises Saturday a five-roomone-story cottage, located on Sixteenth street, to Mrs. Alice Violette,for $2,565. The propertyas welladvertised in THE NEWS.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine 'rolls and can supply youwith one or a doten at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and abso-lutely lintless.THE 'BOURBON NEWS,NOTICEMiss Elizabeth Giltner, teacherof Piano and Violin. Term opensSeptember 4, 1922. Studio at CitySchpol, Paris, Ky.(sept l-4tF)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.Lexiug!oiTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.,1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m4:00 p. m5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.11:55 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book.$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTWheeler Gardner, Etc. . . .PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Charles Coleman DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale, rendered at Ithe June term, 1922, of the .BourDonCircuit Court, in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSATURDAY, SEPT. 16, 1922,at the front door of the CourtHouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 1-1 o'clock a. m., willsell at public outcry, to the highestand best bidder, the life estate ofCharles Coleman, in and to the following described property:A certain parcel of land situated in Gorey's Addition to theCity of Paris, Kentucky, beingLot 66, fronting on Seventhstreet 67.3 ft and running withthe line of Lot 67 E 90.5 feet andrunning with Wilkes street on thewest 83.9 ft. and being 57 ft. 3 in.in the rear, and conveyed toMattie Coleman, wife ofCharles - Coleman, by deed,from Wakefield & Moore, recordedin the office of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court in DeedBook 94, page 182, to which deedreference is made.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the lien indebtednessof Gardner & Small, and the Bourbon Lumber Company, togetherwith interest, the total debt, interest and 'costs being estimated as ofthe date of sale, at Nine Hundredand Five Dollars ($905.00.)Said sale will be made uponcredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondsfor equal parts' of the purchaseprice, with good and approved surety, due six and twelve months fromrdate of sale respectively, and bearing interest at the rate of six percent (6) per annum from date ofsale until paid.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.1-8-15)mmAT AUCTIONWednesday, Sept. 13, at 2 P. M.CITY PROPERTYOn the above date we will offer for sale the modern frame bungalow, located on Sixteenth street, belonging to Mr. George T. Wagoner.The house consists of 7 rooms and bath; has gas and electric lights; agood concrete cellar, an extra good furnace in the cellar, and a splendid garage in the rear.This property ia in nrat-clas condition. It is within a very shortdistance of the car line.Terms easy and made knownFor information, apply toHA1US," --"I ,(5-8-12)..Administrator's NoticeAll persons havings claims againstthe estate of Edward Mitchell, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administrator, at Millersburg, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said Edward Mitchell, are hereby notified -to call on the undersigned administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness: RUSSELL MITCHELL,Administrator of Edward Mitchell.(aug29-3wks)MASTERS SAtEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTLILLIE B. CLARK'S DEVISEESON PETITION.NOTICE OF SALEUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the MasterCommissioner onSATURDAY, SEPT. 16, 1922,at the front door of the court housein Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic outcry to the highest andbest bidder, the following describedproperty:1. A tract of 149 acres, 3roods of land in Bourbon County,Kentucky, near Clintonville, anddescribed as follows:Beginning at Fig. 8 and running due east 12.12 poles to 9;thence N. 44 E. 87 poles to 20,corner to the dower; thence N. 89W. 214 1-2 poles to 19; thencedue south 114.56 poles to 21,thence S. 89 E. 202.44 poles to22; thence N. 10 1-4 W. 28 polesto the beginninng, and beinga portion of the property conveyed to Lillie B. Clark by Thos. J.Weathers' heirs by deed recordedin the office of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court in DeedBook 57, page 225, to which reference is made for a more particular description.2. Also a tract of land lyingin Bourbon County, Kentucky,and bounded as follows:Beginning at T, a stone cornerto No. 3, and running therefromS. 2 W. 11.22 ch. to D, a stonecorner to Mrs. Lillie B. Clark;thence with her line S. 87 1-4 E.53.74 ch. to the middle of theParis and Clintonville turnpike;thence with the middle thereofN. 5, E. 16.62 ch. to S, a cornerto. No. 2, (bearing N. 87 1-8 E.18 ft. from a stone in the westmargin of said turnpike) ; thenceS. 87 1-8, 54.80 ch, to the beginning, containing 75.30 acres,and being the same property conveyed to L. B. Clark by E. P.Weathers, etc., by deed recordedin Deed Book 88, page 380, towhich reference is made.The two tracts above describedwill be offered first separately andthen as a whole, the bid or bids aggregating the most money will beaccepted.Said sale will be made upon credits of 6, 12 and 18 months, the purchaser or purchasers being required, to execute their three bonds withgood and approved sureties for onethird of the purchase price each,due 6, 12 and 18 months from dateOf sale respectively and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent(6) per annum from date of saleuntil paid.The purchaser or purchasers willhave the privilege of paying all orany part of the purchase money after a confirmation of sale and. beforematurity of the bonds, therebystopping interestSaid sale will be made for thepurpose of settling the estate of Lillie B. Clark, deceased.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.Master Commissioner B. C. C.1-8-15)day of sale.SPEAIES 6 HA1US, Agemts.gor i. ;a. awgtiut, uwwt..3Vj" .S-W,'ki.if'-rht?frJrrt.! jf?C,? V--. -fc-scv .X- wiik-?ir 0T2 VTv .- v- .FRIDAY, SEPTEIBJER 8,1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY44fePAGE THRUGOULD NOTTURN IN BEDOperation Avoided by TakingLydia EL Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundDayton, Ohio. "I had such pains thathad to be turned in bed every time Iwisnea to move, ineysaia an operation wasnecessary. Mymother would keepBaying: ' Why don'tyou take Pinkham's,Henrietta?' and I'dBay, 'Oh, mamma, itwon't help me, I'vetried too much. ' Oneday she said, 'Let meget you one bottle ofeach kind. You won'tbe out verv much ifit don't help you.' I don't know if youwill believe me or not, but I only tooktwo bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and one of Lydia E.Pinkham's Blood Medicine when I beganto get relief and I am regular ever sincewithout a pain or a headache..When I lie down I can get up withouthelp and without pain. I can't begin totell you how I feel and look. I have begun to gain in weight and look more likeI ought to. I think every day. of waysI have been helped. Any one who doesnot believe me can write to me and Iwill tell them what shape I was in. I amready to do anything I can to help yourmedicine." Mrs. Henrietta Miller,137 Sprague St., Dayton, Ohio.ff you have any doubt write to Mrs,Miller and get her story directLIGHTNING AND FIRE DESTROYBIG BARNA large tobacco barn on the farmof Mrs. W. S. Rader, on the Harrodsburg road, near Nicholasville,was destroyed by fire when struckby lightning. W. J. Duncan, whoresides on the farm, had tobaccovalued at $5,000, a large amount ofhay, and some farming implimentsstored in the barn. The buildingwas valued at $2,000, and was insured. oFire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYAN-O"STATE BANKERS URGE ASSESSMENTS CUT.Urging that bank stock be assessed at SO per cent, of its fair cashvalue, a delegation, representingState bankers who have broughtsuit in several counties to have theassessment of bank stock reduced toan equality with, the valuation placed on property generally, appearedbefore the State Tax Commission.In the delegation were KennedyHelm, association counsel; Arch Davis, secretary of the association,both of Louisville, and State Banking Commissioner James, of Pikeville. No action was taken by thecommissioners.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you .can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.FREERADIO CONCERTErery ere nine during StateFair week.Courier Journal Concerts4:00 P. M. to 5:00 P.M.7:30 P. M. to 9:20 P. M.Concert From Atlanta," Ga.10:45 P. M. to 12:00 P. M.We carry a full line of Radio Setsand parts. Buy your set duringState Fair Week.YOU ARE INVITEDCENTRAkIH A T"T1 SIFtMsmnEbMPANYmC454 S. FIFTH ST.LOUISVILLE KENTUCKYMILLERSBURGInteresting News Items j7rom Bourbon County's College Town ,Rev. G. W. Nutter, will preachat Jackstown, Sunday afternoon.Russell Caldwell has accepteda position with Jones Bros.' grocerystore. Mrs. W. R. Nelson will he hostess to the Bridge Cluh Friday afternoon. Mrs. Harry Booth, of Montgomery, Ala., is a guest of Mrs. J. T.Jefferson.Mrs. T. D. Judy and Miss MaryTaylor returned Wednesday fromCincinnati.Mrs. Ada Miller and daughter,"Miss Kate Miller are visiting Mrs.Ray, of Irvine.Mr. Luther Leggitt, who hasbeen ill for several weeksv is ableto be out again.Mr. W. D. Welburn, Jr., leftMonday for K. W. C, Winchester, toresume his school work.Misses Mary and Amey Richardson, of Lexington, are guests ofMr. and. Mrs. Charles Layson.Mayor W. A. Butler, Mrs. Butler and son, William, returned Wednesday from Grayson Springs.Mr. Parley Evans, who hasbeen in Colorado Springs for severalmonths, is expected home Saturday.Misses Lidaand Bessie Butler,left Tuesday for Morristown, Ind.,to visit their cousin, Mrs. R. B.Givens.The branch dry goods storeof F. W. Tune, of Carlisle, hasopened here under the managementof Mr. Roy Endicott.Rev. Price Smith, of Lancaster,the pastor appointed to the Millersburg Methodist- church, is expectedto fill his appointment Sunday.The City School for the coloredchildren opened Tuesday with anenrollment of eighty-three pupils,under the direction of four teachers.The annual Cradle Roll servicewill be held at the Bible Schoolhour Sunday morning at the Christian church, under the direction ofMrs. H. C. Current. This will bethe annual "Anna Smith Day." Theservice is held in her memory.Rev. W. D. Welburn, pastor ofthe Methodist church, will leavethis week for his new appointmentat Pleasureville. Rev. Welburn andfamily have greatly endeared themselves to the congregation and thecitizens of Millersburg, who deeplyregret their leaving.Mrs. D. E. Clarke was hostessin her country home Wednesday afternoon to a luncheon in honor ofher guest, Miss Lillie Boulden, ofLexington. A delicous four-courselunch was served. The guests wereMesdames Layson Tarr, F. P. Wad-'dell, J. P. Redmon, C. Layson, W.Metcalfe, A. S. Best, S. M. Allen, W.M. Miller, Miss Nannie Louise Bestand Miss Atta Mann.The Millersburg County HighSchool opened Tuesday morningwith an enrollment of 200 pupils.Prof. J. W. Lancaster made a talk,introducing the teachers, who responded with short talks. Rev. G.W. Nutter, pastor of the Christianchurch, made a talk. The followingteachers compose the faculty thisyear: Miss Nannie D. Clarke,Grade I; Mrs. M. S. Boston, GradeII; Miss Sallie Squires, Grade IIIIV; Mrs. Bedford, Grade'V: MissLina Crowe, Grade VI; Miss Elizabeth Donnell, Grades VII-Villi HighSchool, Prof. J. W. Lancaster, Prof.R. Jones, Prof. R. Hunt, Miss MaryVanmeter; Miss Richards, Musicdirector.Plans are completed for theWoman's Club Day at the KentuckyState Fair on September 12. Thisday having been set apart as Woman's Club Day as a just recognitionof the interest women are taking inaffairs of to-day. The program forthe day will begin at 3:45 in theHorse Show Building, by.the-singjqgof "My Old Kentucky Home" by 'thewomen's chorus of Louisville, andwill be followed by an address ofwelcome by Mayor Smith, of Louisville. Mrs. H. G. Reynolds, StateFederation President, will make ashort talk introducing the -speakerfor the evening, Mrs. Lucia AmesMead, subject, "America's Part "Inthe World Crisis."PERSONALSSPEARS MILLS872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. 'Satisfactionguranteed. Your trade -appreciated.The Spears Mills school openedTuesday with an attendance of sixty-one.Mrs. Daniel Lail, who recentlyunderwent an operation for appendicitis, is improving very rapidly.Arthur McDuffe has returned tohis home in Cincinnati, after amonth's visit to friends in this city.Richard Hayden and brother, J.T., have returned home, after a visitwith their uncle and aunt, Mr. andMrs. Daniel Lail.Mr. and Mrs. Dora Wagoner,Mr. and Mrs. Henry Napier, Mr. andMrs. Robert Sosby and family, andOra Wagoner and son, Logan, wererecent guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. D.Wagoner.The Spears Mills neighborhoodsent a large delegation Monday, tothe Community Service Picnic, given at Paris." Others from this vicinity spent the day in Lexington,and others went to the ball game atWinchester. 'There are several coal de41ersT All ' GW&SkMB ko ecu'' i Qualify for ,. thr'light-VU L aTvnb iW" ckwiploMkip.Mrs. Will S. Arnsparger has returned from a visit to relatives inWinchester.Preston Brown, of Detroit,Mich., is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Henry J. Grosche, on Scott avenue.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft anddaughter, Mrs. C. C. Dawes, are convalescing from a recent severe ill-Lness.Mrs. J. Fred Wood has returned from an extended visit with rel-'atives in .Pueblo and other points inColorado.Mrs. Charles Hutchcraft andniece, of New York, are guests at'the home of Mrs. Russell Mann, onPleasant street.Mrs. Thomas Taul is visitingher daughters, ' Mrs. Wm. Terwilliger and Miss Mary Stone, in Steubenville, Ohio.Miss Lena Parker and Mrs.Mayme Remington Parrish have returned from a ten-days' stay atMartinsville, Ind.Miss Frances Conner, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Conner, hasreturned from a two-weeks' visit torelatives in Carlisle, Ohio.Miss Elizabeth Stuart Carterhas returned to her home in Louis-iVille after a visit to friends and relatives in this city and county.Mrs. Corabelle Fitzwater,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JamesRye, of Paris, has accepted a position with Embry & Co., in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Faulknerand little daughter, Mary Faulkner,have returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. J. Frank Stewart, in Ashland. Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis, ofNew York, is the guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas HenryClay, at their home on Pleasantstreet.The many friends of Mrs. Clarence Colliver Dawes will be glad toknow that she has fully recoveredfrom her serious illness of severalweeks.Miss Sue Ford will leave to-dayfor Tampa, Florida, where she willtake a position with the Rosa Valdez Settlement School, for the coming school term.Mrs. Walter Matthews has returned to her home in Mayslick after a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Wm. Reese and Mr. Reese at theirhome on Fithian avenue, in thiscity., Senator and Mrs. E. L. Worthington and daughter, Miss Leslie,have returned to their home inMaysville after a visit to Mrs. SueRemington, and Mrs. L. W. Longmoor. Mrs. Horace M. Bacon, of NorthMiddletown, has leased and will occupy the residence of Calvert Meng,on Mt. Airy avenue, for the winter.Her two sons will attend the ParisHigh -School this term.Mrs. William Houston, aunt ofMiss Maude Asbury, will be housemother and chaperone for the ParisHigh School teachers, who haveleased Mrs. Edna T. McMillan'shome on Stoner avenue.Misses Soule and Helen Davis,daughters of. Mr. and Mrs. M. H. H.Davis, will leave next week forMadison, Wisconsin, where they willenter the University of Wisconsinas students for the fall and winterterm.Miss Nell Whaley has returnedto Atlanta, Ga., to resume her duties with the American Red Cross.Miss Whaley has been a guest during the summer of her father, H. C.Whaley, and family, on Cypressstreet.Mrs. J. J. McCarty and daughters, Misses Bourbon and FlorenceMcCarty, who have been in camp atLong Lake and The Shades, in Indiana, with Mrs. T. H. Roberts andson, Thos. Roberts, of Maysville,have returned to their home in thiscity.Miss Elizabeth Steele was hostto an informal party at the Lexington Country Club Saturday evening.Her guests were: Mr. and Mrs.James William Waller, Mrs. Wm.A. Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. Henry T.Judy, Mrs. M. L. Gunn and Mr.Theodore T. Artaud.Basil E. Hayden, of Paris, whospent the summer as swimming instructor at Camp Mammoth Cave,has arrived at Winchester to takeup his duties as field coach at Kentucky Wesleyan College, and athletic director at the Clark CountyHigh School.Lieut. Eugene Elder and Mrs.Elder have arrived from LongBranch, New Jersey, for an extended visit to the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. F. S. Elder and family, onSeventh street. Lieut. Elder, whois in the TJ. S. Army service, hasbeen transferred to duty in thePanama Canal Zone, and will leavefor his new post of duty in October.Mr. and Mrs. Venard Owensand six children, of Paris, wereamong the guests .recently at a reunion of members of the Witt family, held at the home of Mr. andMrs. J. L. Witt, near Winchester.A bountiful picnic dinner was served the guests. This was the firstmeeting of all the members of thefamily for five years.Miss Caroline W. Berry, whoI has been visiting her sister, Mrs.Frank P. Lowry, and other Kentucky friends lett Sunday for herhome in New York City. She willreturn to the Castle School," whereshe is at the head of the mathematics department. Miw Brry ' vlad v urincieal of Hamilton Colieeefor years, and has many friendsthroughout the State.Thomas Conner, of the ParisGas & Electric Co., will leave Sunday for a ten-days' visit to friendsand relatives in Johnson City, Tenn.This win. be Mr. Conner's first vacation in ten years. 4"5"' John VanMeter Woodfordis mXJhicago for a two-weeks' visitto his former classmate, Charlesxvuuwies, before returning to theCulver Military Academy, at Culver,Indiana, for the fall and winterterm.Miss Elise Varden has returnedfrom an extended visit to Mrs. Geo.K. Varden, at Atlanta, Georgia, andto Mrs. Burton S. Williams, of Decatur, Ala. Miss Varden will leavesoon for a visit to Mrs. Silas Noel,in Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett E. Dickson and Mr. and Mrs. Durand Whipple attended the reception given inFrankfort by Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Hughes and Mrs. John W. Rodman, in honor of Maj. and Mrs.Leonard S. Hughes, of Ft. Rose-crans, cali.(Other Personals on Page 5)oIf you want to find the woman inthe case, look in the young fellow'swatch.nFARMERSURADERSAPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Riser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vict PresidentW. WjMitohell, CaahlerJno. W. Yerkei, Aaa't CaaklerDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921BENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for TEose Who CartYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 37"Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Go's" For Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"Banks Pay YouWe Save You YSSugar, 100 pounds $7,50Potatoes, peck 35cSwift's Premium Lard, 5-pound bucket $1 .00Bulk Lard, pound 8 '. 1 6cLard, 50-pound can ". $6.75Jello.-.' , 10cOld Dutch Cleanser c 1 OcBest Gunpowder Tea 90cDel Monte Asparagus Tips 40cDel Monte Sliced Pineapple 40c10-pound bucket Cherries $1.00No. 2 can Cherries . t 30cBuy From Us and SaveYour RentPARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, Managerwzrzzmmzam&iimNMarble Floor FinishWear! Wear! Wear!but it never touches the woodwmm..TrfcmiMARBi., wM fUioamnCpoUNDING heels, kicking toes,and banging furniture legs neverreach the fibres of a floor varnishedwith Devoe Marble Floor Finish.Its deep rich glow adds beauty tothe room. Its smoothness makescleaning easy. Its toughness keepsdust and germs out of the pores ofthe wood.What a great help to good house- ckeeping is a floor finished with DevoeMarble Floor Finish Varnish.Extremely durable. Easy to apply.Devoe Products are time-tested andproven,backed by the 168years, experience of the oldest paint manufacturingconcern in the U.S.- Founded 1754.The J. T. Hinton Co.Iaa&iL:; Vv,f--i,y4 m- y;?tn i 39!rrito,a1 - V ' '. -i'Ir3,.''"' c&a'&":.;:.- ;I FAGE FOURTHE . BOURBON' NEWSr EATCS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 192Zv;.!.Hi!'IIm1 3i, W.luICE CREAK' VSmith's cream packed and delivered, at:- y60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.,$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, "willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.NOTICEAll persons holding claims againstthe estate of T. P. Woods, deceased,are hereby 'notified to present sameproperly .proven- as required by law,to the undersigned Master Commissioner, on or before November 1,1922. after which time all claimsagainst said estate will be harred.Done pursuant to order of Court inthe case of T. P. Woods' Estate vs.M. L. Woods, Etc.0. T. HINTON,M. C. Bourbon Circuit Court.(8-lo-;22i)NERVOUSNESS EXPLAINER' THE LABOR DAY CHAMPIONSHIPBoston Transcript)A train on one of the roads funning out of Indianapolis struck anold horse at a crossing and one ofthe passengers became very muchexcited. Someone finally remarkedon his nervousness and he replied:"Sir, if youxhad $20,000 of stock inthis road you'd feel as I do." "Why,we only killed an old horse." "Exactly, ,but you don't know on whata mighty small affair dividends areEDNA B. DRYDENSinger and Teacher,will open a studio for voice culture,corner High and Ninth Streets. Forappointment, call Cumb. Phone1257. (8-2t)FOR RENTModern bungalow. Furnished.For particulars call Cumb. Phone608, morning. (It)"THE BANK OF' SERVICE"BANK ITThat dollar in your hand may be thefather of your fortune and its children may be working for you when.you have to stop.The easy spender may be a "goodfellow,'" but he is a foolish man andeverybody knows it.Somehow we all respect the man.who has "money in the bank."Your pass book is ready.5fcBourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00ZJSHOOT ,.The annual Bluegrass Champion-;ship Shoot was held Monday (LaborDay) by the Hilltop Gun Club ontheir grounds on the farm of AlfredClay, near Paris, well-known to',hundreds of trap-shooters, .through-'out the country.A large crowd of local shooters,besides many from Louisville, Lex-:ington, Covington, Newport, Cincin-nati, Winchester, Georgetown, Mt.'iSterling, Frankfort and New Alba-'ny, Ind., with a large number of;visitors from all parts of the Bluegrass region, made up a large attendance. Mr. Clay set the splendiddinner for this shoot, comprisingseveral of his famous old hams, barbecued mutton, chicken salad, pota-;toes, sliced tomatoes, cheese, crackers, beaten biscuit, hot rolls, pickles,,slaw, iced tea, coffee, ice cream and'cakes. According to the testimonyof those who partook of this mostexcellent repast. Mr. Clay certainlyknows how to handle that end of the'business, and made everyone have agood time at the shoot. 'jju.ch oi space pieveuts giving luecomplete score in detail. The folowng were winners of the differentevents on the fine program.The Blue Grass ChampionshipTrophy, a handsome silver waterset, was won by J. C. Bond, of Louisville, with a perfect score of 100,runners-up, A. B. Harris and AlfredClay, 99 out of 100.The Challenge Cup Trophy was a'tie between A. B. Harris and ourown John L. Shropshire, with 99 out'of 100 each. After a hot shoot-off'.A. B. Harris was returned the winner with a score of 25 to 24.The Distance Handicap was wonby A. B. Harris, with a score of 49out of 50, from 23 yards, runner-up,A. B. Perkins, with 48.The Boys' Event was won byHenry Hillis with a score of 91 outof 100, -runner-up, J. M. Taylor,with 82.A fine box of cigars, given for thelowest man shooting on the entireprogram, was won by C. F. Callahan.The two longest runs were made byJ. C. Bond, with 136, and AmosTurney, with 124.ROVIB DAVIS, Secretary.TWO GOOD PLAYS AT ALAMOAND GRAND. Mary Miles Minter ' in her latestRealart picture from Famous Play-ers-Laskydistribution, "The HeartSpecialist," possesses a dramaticpunch seldom equalled upon thescreen, It will be seen at the Alamoand Grand to-morrow afternoon andnight.Mary Morison, a prominent magazine writer wrote the story andFrank Urson directed. Allen Forrest is leading man, the remainingmembers of the supporting cast being Noah Berry, Carmen Phillips,Jack Mathias and James Neill.FOR SALE"Queen of Sheba," a William Foxsuper-special which enjoyed a sensational run on Broadway, New York,is booked for the Alamo and GrandMonday and Tuesday, afternoon andnight. It is described as a stupendous spectacle and a great love story.New York critics hailed it as one ofthe greatest photoplays ever produced. Betty Blythe appears in therole of the Queen, Fritz Liebert, thenoted Shakespearian actor, is KingSoloman, and Clair de Lorez isQueen Amarath, wife of Solomon.If happiness could be bought,there would be none so poor as tobe melancholy.One hundred and ten goodmountain ewes. ' Number to suitthe purchaser. Bought last year.JOHN T. IRELAND,' (8-2t-pd)WANTFfl' J -!'''v?One girl for permanent positionMust have good character and beover sixteen. No experience necessary. We teach you. Apply now.(8-2t) S. H. KRESS & CO.Public SalePropertyThursday, Sept. 21, 2 P.In settling the joint estate of Mrs. H. Rebecca Dudley and Mrs. N.D. McClintock, we will sell at auction on the premises, through ouragents, the following described property:Two store rooms and two three-room flats, located on Main street,between Sixth and Seventh streets. The lot has a frontage of 36 feetoh Main street, and extends back 99 feet in the rear, to the Kelly property on the South, a 9-foot ally extends from this property to Seventhstreet.For particulars, apply toHABRIS, SPEAKES & HABBIS, Agents, ....Tor B. F. BEDFORD AND W. K DUDLEY, Executors of the Estate, andMBS. B. F. BEDFORD AND MRS. F. L. LAPSLEY, Admn., MRS. N. D.McCUNTOCK Estate. (8-12-15-19)PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBELLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)WELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)l$e Globe Man is ComingSeptember 7th to 9th InclusiveAutumn Fashions for Complete WardrobesWoolens Shown in Full Length DrapesDisplay Authorized by theGlobe Tailoring Co., of CincinnatiR. P. WALSHGLOBE 'MAN IN CHARGE FRANK O'BRIENfraHBBBew.ROTECTIONChistian EducationMade America!Keeps America!!Will Save America!!!! $1,000,000For Kentucky Schools and CollegesYour OPPORTUNITYof a lifetime is here!Let's Give It$1,000,000For Kentucky Schoolsand CollegesPresbyterian Educational Movement Beneficiaries:Orphanage at AnchorageMountain Mission SchoolsKentucky College for WomenCentre College andPresbyterian Theological SeminaryPARIS WILL DO ITS PART,,v:v. SEPT. 8triTO 14th.- tLet's Do ItuIarisresbyteriansoint the WayFor the State of Kentucky$1,000,000For Schools and CollegesOUR OPPORTUNITYSeptember 8th to 14thWE WILL SEE IT THROUGHLet's Give IthIT SHALL BE DONE!- i H 1H BBBBBBpuc Contributed to the Presbyterian Educational Movement by the Bourbon News, The Bourbon Azricultur.r wi.ak: . ti-, ,i-x-v,f...)R? j& Sv 3..ste... tadr '.v v wW , -, v V . , , iar ,a-.HRi""YS3 rl 7- "' ,..re. ? -t T -rasFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS,PAMSr'KENTUCKYPAG1 FIYBr-jroi.j-WM"GIFTS THAT LASTBARGAINSBargains in wheat drills; wagons; riding and walking plows.Plow points for Vulcan, JohnDeere and Oliver plows.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.o: OH. LAMP EXPLODESThe fire department was called to609 Thomas avenue Wednesdaynight, on a telephone alarm. An oillamp exploding, caused the scare.The only damage done was the hurn-jn0-of a dresser in the room.HAS ABM BROKENWhile gathering grapes athishome in this city, Perry B. Jewellfell from a stool, striking his armagainst the ground, and fracturingthe bones. He was taken to theMassie Memorial Hospital, wherethe injured member was set and thepatient made comfortable.K OF P. OUTINGRathbone Lodge, TJnifrm Rank,and the Pythian Sisters, Knights ofPythias, of Paris, will make theirannual pilgrimage to the PythianOrphans Home, at Lexington, onSunday, September 17, to spend theday with the children. All members and friends of the order are invited and expected to make the trip.An appropriate program has beenarranged for the event.SMART HATSHATS THAT ARE DIFFERENT.CLEVER MODELS EOR EARLYFALL WEARMRS. MAMIE PARKER.(S-3t)DOVE HUNTERS HAVE GOODSPORTDove hunters have been havingfine sport in the fields hunting thegentle dove, "emblem of peace." Itis said there is an unusual numberof the birds this year. There is saidto be also a larger number of squirrels than for several years.MASTER'S SALECOUNTYOF BOURBONLANDAttend Master's" sale of 225 acrefarm near Clintonville, at the frontdoor of the court house, in Paris,Kentucky, September the 16th. SeeMaster Commissioner's advertisement on page two of this issue. Absolute sale and no reservations.(S-12-15)oPICTUREPROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Friday, September S,Double Feature Day Sena Owenand Matt Moore, in "Back Pay;" H.B. Warner, in "When We WereTwenty-One."To-moriow, Saturday, September 9 Mary Miles Minter, in "TheHeart Specialist;" Al St. John, in"Fool Days;" Pathe News.Monday, September 11 BettyBlythe and Fritz Lieber, in thewonder picture of the world, "TheQueen of Sheba;" Pathe Review.oWAGONER PROPERTY AT AUCTION. Geo. T. Wagoner bungalow, onSixteenth street, at public auctionon Wednesday, September 13, atWednesday, September 13, at 2:00p. m. Read display ad in to-day'sNEWS.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS ((sept8-12) -rj ,ysF. . &, "v 'JU' FORMER PARISIAN INJUREDHenry McGinley, forinely a limlber of the Paris fire department, wasinjured in Cincinnati, Tuesday,while at work on the grounds of thePrice Hill Sanitarium, where he isemployed. Mr. McGinley was engaged in supervising the removal ofa large bank of earth, when it fellover on him, a large rock strikinghim on the leg and foot. He sustained a sprained ankle and severebruises He was removed to the Sanitarium and his injuries attended to.SHOP WORKER HURTWalter Oakley, an employe of theLouisville and Nashville railroadshops in their South Paris yards,received a severe wound in the head"when a "sledge hammer in the handsof another workman caught on anobstruction, and glancing, hit Oakley, who was holding a crow bar, 'inthe head. Oakley's wound wasdressed by a physician and he wastaken to his home. He was not seriously injured, and will be able toreturn to his work in a "few days.oFINEBOURBON FARlfc AT "MASTER'S SALESee Master's add of Clark farmconsisting of 225 acres near Clintonville, on page two of this issue. Remember the time and place, September the lSth, -at the fromt door 'ofthe, court house In "Paris, Kentucky. JLaaoI-Jfe-'aaltHuii mo-rsier-,x "PERSONALSComings and Goings of SomeEnow and Others YonDont.YonJohn Kriener is sojourning atWest Baden Springs, West Baden,Indiana, for the benefit of hisi health.Mr. and Mrs. James M. Welshand niece, Elizabeth Welsh, have returnied from a visit to the MissesjTamme, near Danville.Miss Grace Thomas has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling aftera visit to friends and relatives inParis and the county.Mayor E. B. January has beenconfined to his home for severaldays with a bad cold, but is improv-iing.Mr. Clarence Thomas and Mrs.Katherine Davis Craig were guestsfrom Paris at the opening of theGeorgetown Country Club Tuesdayevening.Mrs. M. Peale Collier and son,Robert Collier, are at Dayton, Ohio,where the latter, who has been inbad Tiealth for some time, is undergoing treatment.Mr. and Mrs. James Larkin andchildren, and Miss Marie Cobarthave returned to their homes inMaysville after a visit to Mr. andTtfrs. Wm. C. Collins, in this city.Miss Belle Horton entertained afew friends at five-o'clock teaThursday for Mrs. John WindsorSharp, of Kansas City, Mo., who isthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W.Davis, Jr.Master John Davis Craig willentertain with a neighborhood partyto-morrow at the home of his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis,Sr., on High street, in honor of hisninth birthday.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Montgomery Roseberry gave a buffet supperWednesday night at their attractivecountry home, near Paris, in honorof Mr. and Mrs. James Willam Waller, of Washington, D. C.Miss Dorothy Shanks, who hasbeen a guest of friends and relativesin this city and county for severalweek, has returned to her home inMarion, Indiana, accompanied byMiss Bertha Buchanan, who will beher guest for several weeks.Several from Paris attended thedance given in Frankfort Wednesday evening by Governor and Mrs.Edwin Morrow, for 'ther children,Miss Edwina Morrow and Mr. Chas.Robert Morrow. Nearly four hundred guests were present, the affairbeing the largest ever given at theMansion.Mr. Theodore T. Artaud andMr. and Mrs. James William Wallerwill leave to-morrow for their homein Washington City, after a verydelightful visit to friends and relatives in ths city and county. Thisvery attractive couple had manycharming affairs given in their honor while here.Misses Frances Mary May andVallete McClintock, of Paris wereguests Wednesday at an afternoonbridge party given by Miss Elizabeth Shropshire, at her home nearLexington, in honor of her houseguest, Miss Bertha Craft, of Louisville. The home was beautifullydecorated with flowers. Miss Shropshire was assisted in entertaining byher mother, Mrs. Clay Shropshire.Misses Nancy, Anna and SallieClarke entertained the followinghouseparty at the home of their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Clarke,on the Paris and North Middletownroad, near Paris: Misses KathrynClarke, Helen Clarke and EphridgeFox, of Mayslick, and Mary AliceCollins, of Paris. The members ofthe party have been guests of honorat a number of social functionsgiven at a number of homes in thevicinity.i jf S?1-Mi and Mrs. Withers Davisgave a surprise party Tuesday afternoon at their home on Pleasantstreet, in honor of their attractivelittle daughter, Miss Annie JouettDavis, who leaves to-morrow forFort Ethan Allen. She will be accompanied by her grandmother,Mrs. Edward S. Jouett, of Louisville,who will remain for a visit to Majorand Mrs. Armstrong. The guests forthe party were: Misses Mary For-man Varden, Elsie Morrison, MarySpears, Hillary Davis, ElizabethWhitley Eleanor Swearengen, Martha Connell, Louise Dalley, JeanClay Kenney, Mabel Connell, EdnaMae Doty, and Master John DavisCraig. Delicious ices and cakeswere served.Mr. Russell Matson Frank entertained at the Masonic TempleWednesday evening with a dance.He is a member of the younger socity set and one of its most popularmembers, and the dance was one ofthe most enjoyable of the season ofdances. Music was furnished by theOriginal Kentucky Six. The hallwas attractively decorated withhandsome ferns and baskets of flowers. A delicious frozen punch wasserved during the evening and atmidnight a salad lunch was served.The chaperones were Mr. and Mrs.Buckner Woodford, Mr. and Mrs. O.L. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Frank,"Mrs. Drake Thompson, Mrs. CharlesDuncan, Mrs. Charles Wilmoth, Mrs.Richard -H. Wills ;and Miss EmmaTLou Scott. About one hundred andfifcy gMt,liaany of wmom werefrnm rtut-of-towR. enjoyed the de-Mrs. D. C. Parrish continuesvery ill at her home on High street.Mrs. Fay Ardery entertainedwith a luncheon-bridge party yesterday at her home on the Lexingtonroad.Miss Virginia Renick, of Winchester, is a guest of Mrs. Wm. H.Renick and Mr. and Mrs. James Duncan Bell, on High street.Miss Florence Fee, has arrivedfrom Washington, D. C, to spendher vacation with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Fee, at their homeon Fifth street. Miss Fee is firstassistant secretary of the AmericanRed Cross Society, in Washington.Rev. Dr. Rutherford Douglas,pastor of the Presbyterian church,at Macon, Georgia, is visitingfriends and relatives in this section.Rev. Douglas is a nephew of the lateRev. Dr. E. H. Rutherford, formerpastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch.The regular meeting of theBourbon County Garden Club washeld at 3:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon at "Hidaway," the handsomehome of Mr. and Mrs. John F. Davis, on Vine street, with Mrs. Davisand Mrs. Catesby Spears as hostesses. The following program wasrendere: "Window Gardens," Mrs.Edward Spears; "Flowers To PlantOut of Doors for Blooms in December and January," Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.; "The Month's Reminder)"Mrs. Watson W. Judy; Exhibition.The next meeting of the Club willbe on September 21, at the homeof the hostess, Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr, on the Georgetown road.(Other Personals on Page 3)RELIGIOUSA Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles For Present andFutureSt. Peter's Episcopal church,Rev. Walter S. Cain, rector; Sundayschool at 9:35 a. m.; morning prayerand sermon at 10:45 a. m. A cordial invitation is extended to all tooome and worship with us.Evangelist Sanford and his singers, Sam and Sallie Guyne, who recently closed a very successful revival meeting at Centervilie, thiscounty, will come to Pars soon andwill conduct a meeting. The meeting they are now conducting in Mt.Sterling will close soon.To-night at 6:30 o'clock theopening dinner will be given at thePresbyterian church for the workers in the Presbyterian EducationalMovement. They will be addressedby Rev. S. W. McGill, State Director of the movement, on the propermethod of organization.The Mission Band of the Christian church, will meet in the churchparlors to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at 3:00 o'clock. All themembers are urged to be present.The Woman's Society of the churchwill hold a meeting in the churchparlors on Tuesday afternoon, at2:30 o'clock.The following from the ParisBaptist church were messengers attending the sessions of the ElkhornBaptist Associaton, meeting thisweek at Lexington: Thos. W.Spicer, Rev. Arthur Fox, HomerKiser, Mrs. A. M. Houston, Mrs. C.P. Wilmott, Miss Ruth Fox, MissAnnie Magee, J. W. Payne, Mrs. JoeJames, Mrs. John Smart.$50 RewardThe above reward will be paid forthe return to me of a gold barbreastpin, with diamond in center.MRS. JOHN J. McCLINTOCK,Duncan Avenue, Paris, Ky.or JAS. D. McCLINTOCK.wnzMFall ShowingofMillineryDress, Tailored and SportModelsFRIDAY, SEPT. 15thMrs. Mamie ParkerLest You ForgetWe MentionWhen out shopping we have extra values at extra low prices, onLadies' and Misses' Suits, Goats,Skirts, Sweaters, Blouses, Dresses.Millinery and Oxfords and StrapSlippers Dry Goods, Silks, EtcCorsets, Hosiery, Underwear, Etc.Remember to Gall atThat Saves You Money.the StorerTwin .Bros. Dept. StoreUonr -feveiitb and j&jtfn streeti .Hunting SeasonOpens!A34 -LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"ft:J-We also call your attention to thebest spring madeVhefEither ofTHE J.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HMrMrrMotor Invalid Coach UMtortaMaK-:This is the open season for BargainHunters. Our store is the field forany game a man or boy wants.There are no "No Trespassing" signshere and you can wander through toyour heart's content.Our "woods" are full of New FallSuits, Shoes, Hats and Furnishings,and you will find us "posted" only onour knowledge what's what in men'sand boys' wear.Fire away, men ! ckkiyilES:'You, housekeepers, know that manybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one .that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofittocratBed Springssuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dustand lint.And such sleeping- -comfort ! Youjust naturally relax and drop off;into pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of thessprings has just reached usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.OopTtfghUd Shannon Bed Spring Co.. Inc. LouUrffle. Ky,AHmNh.Tlfastercraft"these springs sent on30 days trialT. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYrC WIfismVSIXTH AND MA1XTpiIxBHipaas.5tkr-iX&rM?:v4absj.:iWLTatioM,UL-Ttem,'-j&smiH-it. ";I'1PA! KY.S-'. '--"r-Ny"V-X -i, JsTHE BOURBON jpiWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY-T-tr FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, lfjte:rUliiWaddclfsFile Remedy11 Suffer Don't be OperatedI jam. hm tried Dr. Waddell'smdy. MkmAmijmmrmUn Cmuft ghre ebaoleee firfarfirm orrf did. $1.50 per Writ AyomxIf at writeL ejjuiuJtETAILEE MAKES 25 CENTS, ON' $40 SUITe I.M bbb U Bs U I sBwVnSTL bPmICAHAL BROSBAEBEE SHOP4 WHITE BABBERS 4TModern EquipmentErpert and Polite SerrioeHOT AND COED BATHS.-BRIGHTEKTW vi v-?&"BB. JaIf the manufacturer and the retailer of men's clothing were toturn their net profits back to theconsumer, the cost of" a $40 suit ofclothes would be no less than$38.88.All manufacturers could giveback to the consumer, if he were inbusiness for philanthropy instead ofprofit would be sixty cents on a $40suit. 'All the retailer A could giveback would be fifty-two cents.From figures gathered by theJoint Agricultural Commission inits recent survey to cost of a $40suit, from the purchase of the clothto delivery to the consumer, divideup in this manner.The manufacturer's cost consume$15.36, of which $9.32 goes forwages and factory expenses, and$6.04 goes for selling expenses,freight, taxes, etc.The expenses of operation in theretail store consume $12.24. Thisincludes such items as rent, laborand the like.The cost of the cloth which themanufacturer puts in the suit is$758, and the cost of. trimmingsand accessories is $4.Thus, though the actual materials in a $40 suit amount to only$11.28, labor and service in changing the cloth into a suit and placing it in the hands of the consumer bring the figure up to $38.88.To compensate him for his risk,brains and energy in the service headds sixty cents, and the retaileradds fifty-two cents, making thetotal price $40.Just HistorySTEADFASTCONFINEEThe Following Statement ShouldForm Conclusive Proof ofMerit to Every ParisEeader.WOMEN'S TENT AT FAIEIn 71The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy nickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Arrangements have been made toplace a press table in the Women'sClub tent at the Kentucky StateFair, according to an announcementmade by Mrs. Charles Huhlein,chairman of hosts for the "entireweek.Mrs. John H. Miller, publicitychairman, with her assistants, maybe found at this table, which alsowill serve as a news bureau. Allnews of interest concerning women'sactivities in the State may bebrought here. Something of the"exchange idea will be carried onat the table.Mail for women visitors may beaddressed care of Mrs. John H.Miller or the publicity committee,at the "Women's Tent, KentuckyState Fair.Every precaution has been takento make the women's tent one of thebest? equipped headquarters on thegrounds. A maid will be on dutyday and night to render personalservice.Could stronger proof of the meritof any remedy be desired than thestatements of grateful endorserswho say their confidence has beenundiminished by lapse of time?These are the kind of statementsthat are appearing constantly inyour local papers for Doan's Kidney Pills. They are twice-told andconfirmed, with new enthusiasm.Can any reader doubt the following?It's from a Paris resident:Phillip M. Htller, proprietor meatmarket, 3L4 Second street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills afew times in the past and have beengreatly benefited by them. Myback was weak and lame and mykidneys acted too frequently, causing me to get up during the night.A box of Doan's Kidney Pills,which I got at Varden & Son'sDrug Store gave me fine relief. Icertainly think Doan's are a splendid remedy and gladly recommendthem to anyone." (Statement given November 9, 1916.)On November 12, 1920, Mr. Hellersaid: "I am glad to say the cureDoan's Kidney Pills made for me hasbeen lasting. I gladly confirm myformer statement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.NATIONAL TOBACCO MEETING SPLANNED BY POOLLEADERSWhen you f eel Tp,nervous, bred, worried or despondent it is asure agn you need MOTTS NERVERINEFILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine PillsWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Props., Cleveland, O.Paris Gas & Electric Co. For Sale By(Inoorpoimtod) 0BEKD0EKEE, THE DRUGGISTLouisville & Nashville RailroadANNOUNCES REDUCED ROUND TRIPEXCURSION FAREPARIS TOLOUISVILLEACCOUNT fKentucky State FairTickets on sale Sept. 10 to 15, inclusive, and for trainsscheduled to arrive in Louisville before noon Sept. 16th.Tickets good for return to reach Paris before midnightSept. 18th. For further particulars or information, applyto local ticket agent.i4WMHHHHWWHHHmilllllim!We Handle All Kinds ofv.I Electrical Novelties 1Electric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.a HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAM STREET OPP. COURT HOUSE9IMIIIIIMIIIIIMIIIII Ml" -Ikrorbon Ncw$ A dyertiwn Get ResultsI'D LOVE TO BE A FARMERI'd love to be a farmerAnd with the farmers stand,A horny-handed grangerWith a hay-stack in each hand;For every mail would bring meFrom Washington, D. C,Some noble speech to tell meWhat errors trouble me;And when the heart was heavyAnd I could see no hopeSome college guy would hand meA slice of expert dope;And when my days were endedIn Heaven I would hearSaint Peter whisper to meThese words of hope and cheer;"Dear Pal, I bid you welcomeInto the realm of rest,I'll try to treat you kindlyFor you're a favored guest;Go where you 'will in freedom,And pack your pain in ice,I'll see you are not pesteredWith any prof's advice;You need not ever listenTo interest falling due;And bunkum statesmen neverShall mail a seed to you."MAN'S FALSE TEETH BLOCKSEWEEWhat is one-half of a set Of falseteeth worth?The city of Birmingham has justcompleted payments approximating$500 for an upper set, according toStreet Commissioner George C.Moore.For several years the sanitarysewer on Eleventh avenu'e, south,has been giving the city authorities all kinds of trouble. A formeradministration went to expense ofinstalling an overflow sewer toremery the fault. But, even withthis the trouble continued.Finally an excavation was made.the sewer opened, and, holding backa pile of l-ubbish the workers discovered the upper half of a set offalse teeth. The rubbish was cleaned away, the sewer joined back asif was, and no further trouble hasbeen experienced.o"GOLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute attack of Isasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istoken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.P. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio.PIGGLY-WIGGLY STOEES EVENIN CANADAPiggly - Wiggly, Quebec, Ltd.,has been granted a charter of incorporation for Ontario and Quebecwith a paid-up capital of $1,200,000, comprising 70,000 chares ofcommon stock atS10 par and 50.-000 8 per cent.' cumulative preferred shares at par value $10. J. A.Nadeau will begeneral manager of-the first store to be opened at 710Mount Royal avenue, East Montreal.The company intends to open fiftystores in the near future.oADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWt have in stock for the convenience of users of adding: machines, abiff stock of ppr rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from list. Youam buy from one to a case. Let ushare' a trial order.Iltt') THB BOURDON NBW.tTobacco co-operative associationsin all parts of the country will berepresented by their executives,counsel, secretaries and warehousedirectors at a meeting to be heldsome time this fall, either in Lexington or Louisville, it was announced at the offices of the BurleyTobacco Growers' Co-operative Association at Lexington.The meeting will be in the natureof a conference to discuss the problems of kindred interest, such astaxes, possibly adverse legislationagainst the tobacco industry, farmtonditions over the country, andother items of interest to farmerswho also are tobacco growers.The conference is being plannedby President and General ManagerJames C. Stone, Judge Robert W.Bingham and Aaron Sapiro, generalcounsel of most of the tobacco cooperatives, who has had a part inthe organization of all of them, including the new ones in Wisconsinand Connecticut. The leaders ofBurley Association have felt thatthere are so many matters of mutualinterest to all the tobacco producersof the country hat such a conference would result in much? good toall the interests concerned.Assistant Chief of the Field Service Division William Collins hasreturned from West Virginia, wherehe spoke at a meeting in Barbourville, at which Cabell county, inwhich Huntington is located, wasfully organized, with a countychairman and precinct chairmenwho will take up with each growerthe question of co-operative marketing and seek to sign all before thenew crop is delivered. Heretoforethis work of solicitation has beendone by Kentucky workers, whohave been shifted to points wherethey are more needed, as soon as itwas evident that the growers ofWest Virginia were interestedenough to do this work themselves.FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFT AMISS hollAdayChange of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.,Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedPerhaps He Knew What He Meant.The persistent penciler of stupidcomments on the margins of theperiodicals at the public library occasionally makes us smile in spite ofourselves. Opposite an article in arecent Spectator about the Irish boundary he wrote, "There can be no Irishboundary. Ireland one and invisible."Boston Transcript.I III I ! 1H ii"llltl"l4 lit I II MGEORGE B. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 3T 299rlHIIIMIIIiM'MIMIttM UMIUMIIIIIIHIITry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTmp'jiJ-K01muw& Great Tire Afolues for theLight Car OwnerC3'KEN you note tlie prices quoted below on 30 x 3Vzinch ROYAL CORD and USCO Tires bear inmind that while the price has been going down, thecluality has been going up.The New; and Better USCO is bigger, with thickertread and sidewalls, more rubber, bettertraction,greater mileage.The ROYAL CORD is more than everconfirmed in its leadership as the measurecf automobile tire values.Royal FABRICSIZES Cord Nobby Chain Usco Plain30x3 CI. $12.55 $11.40 $9.75 $9.2530x3'A " $14.65 15.60 13.00 ' 10.6531x4 " 23.00 21.35 18.6530x3V2SS. 14.6532x3 22.95 20.45 16.90 15.7031x4 " 26.45 -32x4 " 29.15 24.35 22.45 20.85 -33x4 " 30.05 25.55 23.65 21.9534x4 " 30.85 26.05 24.15 22.4032x4'6 " 37.70 31.95 30.0533x4& " 38.55 33.00 31.0534x472 " 39.50 34.00 32.0535x4V2 " 40.70 35.65 33.5536x4 " 41.55 36.15 34.0033x5 " 46.9535x5 " 49.30 43.20 39.3037x5 "I 51.85 45.75 41.70 VFederal Excise Tax on the above has beenabsorbed by the manufacturerWhether your choice is aCord or a Fabric, the U. SSales and Service-Dealeris able to serve you better than ever before.Copyright1922U. S. Tin Co.1V1USCOClincherFabric10agamkWOmUnited States TiresUnited States Rubber CompanyJThfCUttt and LargestUnited States Tiresare Good Tires303Royaltjorain bothClincher&StraightSideJ3Where YouCan BuyU. S. Tires:MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., Millersburg, Ky.RUGGLES MOTOR CO., Paris. KentuckyWHITE FRONT GARAGE, Paris, KentuckyYOUNG'S GARAGE AND MACHINE SHOP, North Middletown, Ky.XFARTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1.WG of loan pays both principal and iattrMtNO COMMISSIONS , NO RENEWALAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, .or NorthMiddletown Depoit Bank,North MlddUtown. - ;U..4A. iui4JUiTW w-. r t;i3- fKentuckyJointStockUndBtiikKy.Security Trust Bid.a- XvC" - , , . -mmmmLOANS1is.vv.,jJ&$W$' 'FRIDAY, SEPTEMBERS, 1JI22THE BOURBON NFS, PARIS. JMNTUCKYA8JJ-GIGANTIC DAK PROJECT FORFALMOUTH--. . T (..r? t-fs -t V," &--"-- - -- ri mr"m, 1 - '- " - " T . -:111aigaretteThey areGOOD!ioEDUCATIONAL BOOTH AT STATEPAIRThe State Parent-Teacher Association, the Jefferson County Council and the Louisville League willhave a Boosters' Booth at the StateFair. Posters showing the activities of the different associationswill he exhibited. Any associationwishing to contribute postersshould send? them to Mrs. G. A.Goodell, 4333 W. Chestnut Street,Louisville, Ky.Options were recorded at Falmouth on 142 acres of land bordering the Licking River between Falmouth and McKinneysburg which i.tis projected to utilize in the establishment of 2 hydro-electric damfrom which to generate vast powerof distribution over a radius of 100miles. The dam, power plant andlands will represent an outlay of$7,000,000, and a railroad to connect wjth the L. & N. is to be builtalong the river. The dam, to beconstructed between perpendicularwalls on the Docia Logan farm, is tobe of terraced type, 300 yards longand 100 feet at the crown. Engineers figure on the same power resources as furnished at NiagaraFalls. Above the dam the river willbe made navigable for 150 miles.Contracts for right of way and landshave been made in the name of J.V. Oldham of Falmouth, and whatis said to be one of tHe most powerful financial syndicates of the country, is represented by S. A. Tesher,engineer, of Indianapolis.Love and Wine.Love and wine make the world goround but in different directions,says the Times of India. That is whymarried life is supposed to sober- aman.GOING AWAY?Vacation tima is herel Th$ summerexodus is on! AU America., young andold, is off to the lakes, the mountains Orthe sea.No matter how far you journey, youwill find a Bell Telephone at tfte otherend. -Don't overlook tfte fact that ytucan pass to those at home a goodlyamount of pleasure by keeping in toircftwith them over long distance.u.They will enjoy frequent reports cfyouf pleasurable a&vetures. By &$ing advantage the reduce! "evening"and "night" rates on station-to-stationcalts, you con minimize the cost.Dqn't overlook this feature of yourvacation.Long distance calls are inexpensive.CUMBERLANDAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYv -ri iiTIZZ ..s, i i,TT!niZ IlH Ll & Tf; --- rf- Aftt 7F " t 'Jy "v. aaaaH"" cnon sSSiT"1" ffoEEHTEKS TUEN ATTEtfTIOH TOFAUM LEASE CONTRACTSMany Kentucky farmers who operate rented land already arestudying the problem of leasing contracts for the coming year, according to inquiries being received bythe farm economics department ofthe College of Agriculture. The demand for information of this kind isbeing met through the distributionof a special publication entitled,"Share Leasing Contracts for Kentucky Farms," which points out thatthe question of satisfactory leasingcontracts is of considerable importance in view of the fact that aboutone-fhird of the farmers in the Stateare either renters or share croppers.Members of the college farm economics department are urging thatfarmers in these two classes makeearly plans to acquaint themslveswith lease contracts that will workout profitbly both for the landlordand the tenant. Studies made bythe department over a period of several years have brought to lightrented farms in various parts of theState for which leasing contractshave been worked out that areprofitable and satisfactory to allparties concerned. The -terms ofthese contracts together with manyother pointers are given in the newpublication.By far the greater number offarm tenants in Kentucky raisetobacco or tobacco and corn onshares, the publication states. Someof the satisfactory conditions forraising tobacco and corn, wheat andhay on shares, together with pointson share renting for dairying areoutlined. A model share lease thatprovides for a joint interest in tobacco, corn, hay and hogs, togetherwith tobacco, corn and live stockshare lease are contained in the newpublication. The two general typesof share cropping plans in use inWestern Kentucky also are outlined,together with a model lease forfarmers in that section of the State.Considerable attention is paid in thenew publication to the generalform of the share lease and the fundamental points that need consideration when it is made.oPOPULAB WINCHESTER GIRL INNEWSPAPER WORKyMiss Goldie E. Perry, formerly innewspaper work in Winchester, hasbeen made news editor of the Coalfield Daily Progress at Norton, Va.,and has begun her duties. Her sister, Miss Clyde Perry, is with her.Both are linotype operators andMiss Goldie Perry is one of the mostefiicient news gathers in the South.Miss Perry and her father, ColonelRobert Perry, of Rockcastle county,were in Lexington recently when hecame to attend the Morgan's men reunion. 0 1Whale Can't Breathe Under Water.The whale who, because he lives inthe water, is often supposed to be amember of the fish family, is inreality no more one than is a humanbeing. He is in reality an animal verymuch like a cow or a horse, and hisflesh Is real animal flesh, nothingwhatever like that of a fish. And likeall other mammals, he cannot remainunder water without an occasionaltrip to the surface.TANLACNature's Tonic Medicineends stomachtroubles andbuilds you upI 30 Million Bottfa SoldAsk Any Good Druggistf-v r nrECZEMA!"Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap),fail inthe treatment of Itch. Eczema.Rinjrworm,Tetterorotherltchlnr akin disease. Try thistreatment at our risk.jjjWa jnuYABDEN & SON,Paris, ry.rMaybe that hillis not there,after all-VERY often the hill ve seemto be jilimbing is made out ofthe common mistakes of dietwhich starve tissues and nervesand slow down energies.How smooth and level the pathseemed to be when we wereyounger.Simple, natural food may levelthat hill to a smooth path again.Why not try it?Begin tody yith a dish ofGrape-Nuts viih cream or milkand fresh or preserved fruitadded if you like.Keep on with this crisp, delicious, strengthening food in placeof heavy, ill-assorted, starchybreak&sls and lunches and seaif the old-tii-ie zest and speed onthe old-time level path doesn'tcome back again.CLUBWOMEN TO PICK COSTUMESAT STATE FAIR(By Mabel Jean Melton)Just where the graceful hip sash,the outstanding feature of autumnmodes in afternoon and eveningwear should end, and the length ofthe skirt of a smart tailored suit formorning wear, are some of theproblems to 'be solved by Mrs. G. A.Goodell, President of the ParentTeacher League of Louisville, andher committee on costumes, forWomen's Club Day, September 12, atthe Kentucky State Fair, September11 to 16.Merchants of Louisville will submit models to these women, who inturn will approve those most representative of good taste as understood by them. What to wear atclub meetings, lectures, musicals.and at the theatre, will be suggestedby a display of the approved models.These gowns will be featured in exhibition cases throughout the entireweek of the fair.And so we women, to be correctlyattired beyond a question of doubt,should gaze upon the official gownsand instruct the home dress makerto follow suggestions acquired fromthe gazing.Mothers of the State will nolonger bear the brunt of the blamefor impossible flapper costumes. Forit is safe to predict that the skirtsand draperies of the chosen gownswill be neither too long, or in anyway ridiculously fashionable.From the young women comes thequestion will these thoughtful women approve ear rings?Shall young matrons be guilty ofbad taste if hoops and pendants ofjade sway from their ears? Wemust wait until the fair to learn theanswer. In the meantime the youngwives may silently hope that thebeauty of the official wax figuregowned in a ravishing evening gownwill be increased with pearl, jade orcoral ear decorations.The club women have consentedto make selections of suitable costumes, because they realize the importance of good taste in dressing.The flapper -yith her short hairand shorter skirts must go, so fashion decrees. But the black gowned"vamp" with trailing draperies mustnot take her place.Mrs. Goodell has named the following womenx as members of hercommittee: Mrs. William S. Sheridan, representing the Outdoor ArtLeague; Msr. Bernard Seligman, ofthe Jewish Women's Federation, andMrs. A. E. Briderick, from the Business and Professional Women'sClub. The fifth member is to be appointed and will be a representativeof the Women's Club.Judging from the interest in theCostume Committee, and its duties,it is quite safe to say that everywoman will visit the magnetic spotwhere these officially chosen gownswill be shown.Mrs. George H. Newman is General Chairman of Women's ClubDay, Tuesday, September, 12, as wellas for the entire week.THE tTNLVESAL CA.4You Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase'-Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It Easy-You Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTmRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYParis,, KentuckyGrapeNuts:THE BODY BUILDER"There's a Reason"r'vr'Made by lotm Cereal Compear, lac., Battle Creek, MichiganSEEVJGESuppose that your -wife had an attack of acute indigestion at fiveminutes past six, or that the bathroom sprung a leak and threatenedto spoil your newly decorated dining room ceiling, or a spark fromthe furnace started a blaze in thewood bin. A hurry call on the telephone at such critical momentsfrequently avert irreparable disaster. Yet in many European countriesthe telephone is available for usefor only a few hours throughoutthe day. The regular operators, asemployes in the Government service,are released from duty at six in theevening, and in many cases no provisions are made to "furnish nightservice.Tlius in Sweden only 4.5 percent of the total telephone centralsare operated continuously for thefuse of subscribers. Less than 40per cent are open more than 12hours during the day. On Sundaysand holidays the availability of theservice is even more restricted incertain localities, night service canbe secured only by payment of extra chayges per call. Rural sections having telephone centrals ofless than 50 subscribers can securenight services before 7 a. m. and after 9 p. m. if they agree to defraythe total costs of such service. Inmany cases where the local exchange, is closed arrangements canbe made to connect the subscriber'sinstrument to the nearest centraloffice, haying- 'night senfice, proddedhe pays an" extracharg-e by the. 4ymonth rl or year, .depending, on. thelesajthpl Jime deeirs4. -iXSgK!:5C:ex;Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUiNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street1X-taaff fijk. .YL.m&1&tPK&kf'A'mSfmn-A 1fLA.wai " "fe)TK .'mmm mugi . FaSaaV 1os2,& rri-i mmmrV.UBlN'aWb gSNSSPltq TT7I SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!j With all the latest improve-, jmerits in laundry appliances Iana expert neipers we are gllS , . -, ,. . ,a nor xo none, ana sonaryour patronage.iThe Bourboa Laundry"Paris, KentuckyxxsxwxLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING&Tii& "Zt vtv I'l' SV. Si4PB,eT5BW!vill counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods, ofour scientific profession.FWpLEM fflfiafiltfE JiTwo -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHR1SMAN CO.FLORISTSith.St, NMr.Maia . B1MSaajs, jzxfr. JNfr.HiW.-a Je-. - A, .r .. --J-'-" -" ':r-. Jjy'tgMfttittfifm. tAjUff jCfi.vi .O - ", - tHt?70$0$K'f"PAGI HGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY- .. . ...FRIDAY, SBPTMB S, if jy -js" -iHIIIill1-it'3.:li"VIMATRIMONIAL"A JUtord of Dan Cupid's Doings AtThe Days Go By -v,r ' 7-Tollie Lanter, twenty-one,tarmer, and Miss Ollie Jones,and.Mrjsv Renaker -will . return Jto.Winchester to" reside. "- -Mr. Renaker is the son of Mr.Ewell Renaker, of Brent & Co. Pari,a member of the firm of Renaker &Wheeler, and one of the most successful young business men in Winchester. He is a popular member ofthe Elks, and by his courteous andxwenty-one, both giving Paris as!COngenial manners has made a largetaeir place of residence, were grant-'. circle of friends. The bride, whoed a marriage license from the Fay- has been stenographer for J. M.-ette County Clerk's office, Tuesday j Hodgkin, of the Peoples State Bank,afternoon. -t lin Winchester, is a very capable,o; !, , ,-r.D ! business woman, unusually charm-A marriage license was issued.. , . ,,..,,, i, s r, 'ing and possesses a sweet sopranoXUCDUdJ UU1U LUC UU1UC ui uuuc.y: Q. .DEATHS-VFrazier, farmer, twenty-one, of near"."Paris, and Miss Minnie M. Ragland,"-eighteen, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Tr. Ragland was present and gave"Mr. Ragland was prsent and gavevoice, sne nas a nost or aaminngfriends in Paris.PLUMMER McLEODMiss Mayme Plummer, daugh-"nis consent to the granting of the ter of Mrs. A. W. Plummer, of Paris,cense. j and Mr. George McLeod, an industri-jous and prosperous young farmer ofCOLLINS JONES jnear Paris, took their friends by. jl . . . 'sprprise yesterday by being marriedMrs. John T. Collins, formerly at high noon at the residence of theC Paris, who is now residing at her officiating miniSter, Rev. W. E. Ellis,-country home, near North Middle- .. nf th Paris christian church.-Town, announces me engageuieuu uj.her daughter, Marie, to Mr. Law-Tence Raymen Jones, of North Mid--dletown. The marriage will be-quietly solemnized in the early fallat Collinwood, the country home of3rthe Collins family, near North Mid-"-dletown. Mr. Jones is a son of Mr.Wm. M. Jones, of near North Mid-dletown.BALLARD RENAKERA marriage which came as a.surprise to Winchester society wasthat which took place Tuesday af-emoon at 1:30 o'clock at the homeof Mrs. C. B. Miller, in Lexington,when Mr. Wharton Renaker and"Mrs. Nettie Ballard, both of Winchester, wetfe wedded. The cere--mony was performed by Rev. Hayes"Parish, of Lexington, in the presence of members of the families anda few intimate friends. After a' wedding trip through the East Mr.The wedding was witnessed by Mrs.Ellis and Mrs. Charles Welty. Following the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.McLeod left for a short honeymoontrip. On their return they will reside with the bride's mother, temporarily, at the family home on theGano Hill pike, near Paris.For the wedding the bride wasgowned in a handsome blue traveling suit, with hat to match. She isa young ' woman of striking beautyand possessed of unusual graces ofcharacter that have made her a universal favorite.oSOME SPECIALS -24-lbs. best flour, $1.00; 13 lbs.sugar, $1.00; 100 lbs. best canesugar, $7.65; pure lard, 15c per lb.,coffee, 20c per lb. and up; we grindyour coffee; P. & G. Soap, 5c; LenoxSoap, 4c.It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.Life Is But A Brief Span, A Debt!. That All Mnst Pay .TANKERSLEYBeatrice Tankerley, aged twoyears and three months, died Wednesday night at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Fqunt Tankersley, on North Vine street, after ashort illness. The funeral will beheld at eleven o'clock this (Friday)morning, wth services conducted atthe grave in the Paris Cemetery byRev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the ParisBaptist church.CANNONMrs. Arnold Cannon, aged tnir-ty-five,died at her home in Ewing,Tuesday morning at nine o'clock, oftuberculosis, after an illness ofnearly three years.Mrs. Cannon is survived by herhusband and one son, Marion, agedtwelve years, of Ewing; six sistersand three brothers, one of whom,Jesse Allen, resides in Paris.The funeral was held at the Ewing Christian church, of which shewas a member, with services conducted by Rev. Matthews. The interment took place in the cemeteryat Elizaville.Irtftmmm,P4ilMMf.iSI5EVERFASTCLOTHSA NEW FABRIC UNCONDITIONALLYGUARANTEED BY THE MANUFAC-.TURERSFAST TO SOAP AND BOILINGFAST TO SUNLIGHTFAST TO PERSPIRATIONFAST TO EVERYTHINGFOR DRESSES-SUITINGSDRAPERIESALL COLORS AND SHADESYour money back if it fades both forcloth and make of garmentWJVErJDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYBLOUNT.Mr. Allen Robert Blount, agedsixty-seven, died Sunday night inhis apartments at the Savoy Hotel,in New York, following a long illness, according to information received by friends in this city.Mr. Blount, who is the stepfatherof Mr. Stanhope Wiedemann, formerly of Paris, now residing in Lexington, had been a frequent visitorhere while Mr. and Mrs. Wiedemann were residents of Paris, andhas many friends here who receivedthe news of his death with deep regret. He was a retired broker.Mr. Wiedemann arrived in NewYork few hours before Mr. Blount'sdeath. The funeral was held 'Wednesday at the Church of The Transguration and the body was broughtto Newport, K-., and placed in thefamily vault in the Newport CemeGILMANCharles B. Gilman, aged seventy-four,a former resident of Paris,and for many years a prominentcommission dealer in Lexington,died at his home in that city recently, following a protracted illness.Mr. Gilman had been a resident ofLexington for fifty-three years. Forseveral years he was engaged in theturkey and produce business in thiscity with his brother, the late Oscar A. Gilman, who conducted thebusiness in the building adjoiningthe Paris fire department, afterward occupied by the carriage shopof John W. Holliday. Mr. Gilmanwas for many years oil inspector forLexington and Fayette county.The funeral was held at St.Peter's Catholic church, in Lexington, Modnay morning at nineo'clock, with services conducted byRev. Father Wm. Punch, the interment following on the family lot inthe Catholic Cemetery. The pallbearers were: Judge F. A. Bullock,H. E. McGovern, W. H. Meadors,Ezra E. Price, H. L. Ramsey and A.O. Walker.Mr. Gilman is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Mary Gilman, and onedaughter, Mrs. L. S. Prather, ofLexington.RITCHIE"iA,3mlit!T- 17 P.v,'I.-'5T8:iINSURANCELet Usattend to Yours.What a dismal feeling it must be to see your property destroyed by fire if it is not insured. ,TOBACCO INSURANCEGome in and let us insure you. We are agents forstrong, reliable Insurance Companies and insurance iaiU great protection for a small sum.i Thomas, Woodford & Bryan'fcfr --Lll L . - -':' Following an illness of a shorttime, superinduced by an attack ofheart trouble, H. R. Ritchie, farmer,died Tuesday morning at the homeof his daughter, Mrs. P. B. Best, onSeventh street, in this city.Mr. Ritchie and his family wereformer residents of Harrison county,and recently came to Paris to maketheir home. About a week agothey went to Cynthiana to visittheir daughter, Mrs. Gilvin, andwhile there Mr. Ritchie was takensuddenly ill. He was brought homeand grew gradually worse until theend came.Mr. Ritchie is survived by hiswidow and seven children, Mrs. Gilvin, of Cynthiana; R. F. Ritchie,Mrs. P. B. Best and. Mrs. Prather, ofParis; Mrs. Mattox and S. E. Ritchie, of Lexington; Mrs. Cordray, ofMason county.The body was taken to Cynthiana,where the funeral was held yesterday morning at ten o'clock, withservices conducted in the Methodistchurch by the pastor, Rev. Mr.Wright, 'assisted by Rev. C. H.Greer, of the Paris church. The interment followed in Battle GroveCemetery, in Cynthiana. ' ;-. yfiSfe.'-:- jiMmrlM'.VLAM02:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren 10cCrand7:00 to 10:30PRICES 'Adults 30cGallery 20cChildren 1 OcFRIDAY Double Feature Day FRIDAYSeena Owen-Matt Moorein "BACK PAY"' FBOM THE STORY BY FANNIE HtlESTH. B. WARNER"When We Were Twenty-One"DON'T MISS THIS DOUBLE FEATUEE PB0GBAMINSATURDAY It's a Paramount Picture SATURDAYMARY MILES MINTERINiilThA Uaart Cww:!:'Romance in a Turkish Harem "Behind the Scenes" in a roaringNew York newspaper office out in the green open country Come andthrill at the adventures of a love expert in quest of love!ALSO AL ST. JOHN in "FOOL DAYS" AND PATHE NEWS.MONDAY Comt! Seethe Wonder Picture TUFQnAYof the World! UMUMkkIfQUEEN OF SHEBAwith BETTY BLYTHE and FRITZ LIEBERWhen you see "Queen of Sheha" you see the love romance of the mostbeautiful woman the world has ever known.ALSO PATHE BEVTEWLexington almost a lifetime. Hiswife, Mrs. Lavinia Morgan, preceded him to the grave several yearsago. Mr. Morgan is survived byone sister, Mrs. Anna Denman, ofDenver, Colo., and one granddughter, Miss Eleanor Morgan, of Pittsburg, Pa. He was twice 'married,his first wife being a sister of theMrs. John B. Holliday, of-' Paris.He was a former resident of Paris,residing for many years in the residence on Pleasant street, now occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Harry O.James.APPELLATE COUBT UPHOLDSPABI-MUTUELSBIRTHSMrs. William S. Hart, wife ofthe motion picture actor, gave birthto a son at Santa Monica, near LosAngeles, Cali., Wednesday. It wasannounced that the boy would benamed William Hart, Jr.' Mr. and Mrs. Chas. M. Skillman, of Second street, have receivedword of the arrival of a little girl'at the home of their son, Major A.J. Skillman, in New York City.The new arrival has been namedLillian Elizabeth Skillman. MajorSkillman is a former resident of"Bourbon county, and was married inNew York..The Waren county fair association can operate pari-mutuel bettingmachines in connection with horsetacing at the fair to be held soon.Judge Rogers Clay, of the Court ofAppeals held. He issued an orderdissolving an injunction granted bythe Western Circuit Court on petition of a stockholder of the fair association. The Judge said that under the law a regularly organizedfair association had the right tooperate pari-mutuel pools in Kentucky. QNOTICE TO TAXPAYEBSTTHE TIME LIMIT IS GBOWINGSHOBT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONEB'S OFFICE IN THECOUBT HOUSE, AND LIST YOUBTAXESBEN W00DF0BD,TAX COMMISSIONEB.NEW HOUSE FOB SALENEW 7-B00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTBIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOBTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOUBBON LUMBEB CO.(nov25-tnNext to raising a family, the mosttroublesome thing in the world iscoloring a meerschum pipe.Here's a Business ForParisGOOD FOB I$6,000 TO $12,000 YEABLY!An insurance man in South Caro-.lina; a farmer in Wisconsin, a butcher in Minnesota, others all over theU, S. these men wanted to own areal money-makng business. Elec-trik-MaidBake Shops gave themtheir opportunity. To-day theyand many others own their ownprosperous Electrik-Maid BakeShops, without having known athing about the bakery business before. You have the same chanceright here. A cash business; nocharges; no deliveries; your profitsin the till every night. Everyonewho eats is a customer. Businessgood all year around. We supplyall equipment and information.WBITE OB WIRE TO-DAYfor full particulars. Act now to obtainn exclusive rights in Paris.Electrik-Maid Bake Shops,321 Cedar St. St. Paul, Minn.REDUCTIONBHHHBBBHHHHHHHHHHHHBHHHHHHllBBHHHBBHHHIiHHHiHHHHIHHHHHHillBBBIHIHHHHillBIHHBHHiHIHSALEOffering the greatest shoe values for manyyears. Come this week and get yourshare of these wonderful savings.SHOES and OXFORDSfor every member of the family at sacrificeprices.fr iJLLadies' Oxfords and Strap Slippers, ftpformer $2.99 and $3.99 grades.. ..JBJ)jJLadies' Satin Slippers, Tan Oxfordsand Patent, values to $4.50, reduced to$2.85MORGANThe body of John Morgan, awell-known citizen of Lexington,who died at the Good SamaritanHospital, in that city, Mondaynight, after a long illness, ivasbrought to Paris Tuesday afternoon, for interment. The funeralwas held at the grave in the ParisCemetery, at four o'clock, with 'services conducted by Rev. George P.Wilson, of Lexington. The pallbearers were: Bruce Holladay,Prof. J. Morton Davis, Chas: F.(Jones, Wm. McDougle, W. J. G'ood-win auu uuuu ouuuauu.Mr. Morgan was is his eightyfourth year at the time of hisdeath. He was a son of the) lateWoodson and Elizabeth Bruce Morgan, and had been a resident t ofMen's Tan Shoes and Oxfords, Eng-ifA APlish and Blucher, reduced to . . . . V jljjBoys', Youths' and Little Gents' TanSchool Shoes, special . . . .Ladies' Patent Strap Slippers andTan Oxfords, values $4.00, reduced to$1.99$2.45Further reduction on all remainingwhite Canvas Slippers for quickclearance, while they last, $1.294 jrand-- M.4DMen's Tan Scout Shoes $2.50 valuon saleIMen's Tan and Black Walk-OverShoes, $8.00 value, on sale.. ..51.79$4.95Nobby Oxford, splendid for Summersport wear, with low heels, givingthe ankle good support for longn flPwalks. In tan or black, special. . J JJJlOne-inch heel Oxfords. The latestthing in women's Oxford, a vervsmart blucher. It has every featureot a top-notch style, special . . .$4.95in v&fHIVfe. - " " -3".mmPOSNER BROSDAN COHEN STAND336 MAIN STREETV V - 'ly. v- rT.we 'asywsjsSaefsr iwp5vs vwwfefr-aw. -snSiCJt'.aua.MK;. -?,?,J"jv.W"'.:-- - ft"yrf--.tifwvti