j. i-vTHEr"NEWSNT!PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN ' THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIJPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1922-i ,. -BOURBONGAME LAW VIOLATOBS ABBESSESDeputy State Game Warden A. NW.Bullock, of Paris, whose territoryembraces several counties in Central Kentucky, is being kept busyapprehending, violators of the gamelaws. Mr. Bullock is the rightman in the right place, and is proving a terror to law-breakers. xAmong the arrests made in thepast few days by "Warden Bullock,were the following: Everett Jones,Francis Lewis and Julius Jones, oncharges of hunting without license,arrested in Bath county and eachfined $23.50; Hugh Connelly andAlbert Miller, arrested in Montgomery county, on charges of huntingwithout license, fined $23.50 each;Will McClain, Bath county, samecharge and same fine; Walker Williams, negro, Nicholas county, samecharge, fined $25.00.Mr. Bullock is being given thewholehearted and earnest co-operationand support of all true sportsmen in his district vand that he willenforce the law strictly withoutfear or favor is being manifestedby the convictions in this and othercounties, resulting from his activity. In Bourbon county the localGame and Fish Club is aiding in thework.TO TUBKEY BAISEBSWE WILL BE BUYEBS OFTUBKEYS THIS SEASON ANDWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OUBFLOUB MILL AND HEMP HOUSEON SOUTH MAIN STBEET ALSOAT OUB OFFICE BUILDING ONTHIBD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PBICE.E. F. SPEABS & SONS.(nov7-tf)oHAZABD BUILDING AND LOANCO. INC0BP0BATEDState Banking CommissionerLewis has 'approved articles of in--corporationof the HaTzard Buildingand Loan Association. One of .theincorporators is J. Irvine Dempsey,formerly of Paris. The concern iscapitalized at $250,000.Some day, when we have plenty-of time and money, we are going tofind out just how many ice creamcones are required to fill a smallIoy.?"THE PRIDECOATSFOR WOMEN$25.00-$29.50-$35.00-$39.50$45.0H49.50-$55.00-$59.50uTpo $150.007 Fur Trimmed or PlaincCOATSxFOR CHILDREN$5.00-$7.50$8.95-$10.00$12.50 T0 $29.50All Sizes . -Twotd FifteenBIG REDUCTIONSiDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKY 'CIRCUIT COURTPlans are being made by themembers of the Bourbon countyhot. ,. o MAAmtAn t, a'aSpecial Judge James C. rDedman,who is presiding over the November term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, in the absence of Judge Robt.Lee Stout, who is spending the winter in California. A committee hasbeen appointed to complete' the arrangements, andit'S wilfc probablytake the f ornj jf it ,dujpef inuringthe last week of th terAV jrFollowing the adjournment of thegrand jury, and the returning ofthirty-three indictments, 'th6 following have been served withbench warrants by the Sheriff's'office, and released on bond for theirappearance at the March term,1923, of the Court: George Russell, colored, two indictments, carrying concealed a deadly weaponand having an illicit still in hispossession; Nelson Porter, takingproperty without felonious intent;L. T. Leach, escaping from theBourbon county jail; John Hill,having in his possession an illicitstill; Aaron Linville, sufferinggaming. Linville entered a plea ofguilty and was fined $250; GeorgeWoods and Jno. Shinners permittinga minor to play on a "pigeon hole"pool table, four counts; Jdseph Cain,selling intoxicating liquor; RobertLink, suffering a common nuisance;Annie English Shouse, flourishing adeadly weapon; Vernon Denny, carrying concealed a deadly weapon;Henry Sledd, who was indicted on a'charge of assault with intent tokill, appeared before Circuit ClerkWm. H. Webb, and furnished bondfor his appearance before CircuitJudge James C. Dedman, November23rd.In a dispute over wages betweenCalvert Meng, of Paris, and JuniusBoggs, colored,' tenant of Meng'sfarm, near Paris, it was allegedthat Boggs struck Meng in thehead with a brick, inflicting a severe scalp wound. Boggs was arrested by Sheriff M. Peale Collier,and Deputy Sheriff James Gibson,and brought to Paris. He wasgiven a hearing yesterday morningin the County Court before JudgeGeorge Batterton, and fined $100and given a jail sentence of fiftydays.- ;0The degree of satisfaction manya person gets out of life dependson the-condition of his liver.OF PARIS"N.""ifjON .'.MILLINERY '' " W...-COURT NEWSIn the County Court Judge Geo.;nT, u -aov ? ,"ald of Clintbnville, as administrator of the estate of the late Mrs.Mary E. Stipp, who died severaldays ago at her home near Clintonville. Mr.' McDonald accepted thetrust, and qualified by furnishingbond in the sum of $10,000, withJames W. McClure as surety. "The Court appointed G. W) Cooperas administrator of the estate of thelate Goebel Cooper. Mr. Cooperqualified by furnishing bond of $500with the Fidelity Trust and DepositCo. as surety.In the Federal Court at Richmond, Friday, Ed. Herrin, who wasarrested in Paris some days agq byprohibition officials on a charge ofmanufacturing moonshine wliiskywas given a sentence of N six monthsin jail. Herrin was tried on thecharge of manufacturing or possessing apparatus to manufacture alcoholic drinks.MAYOB'S VETO SUSTAINEDAt a recent meeting of the ParisCity Council, the seven membersvoted to sustain the recent veto ofMayor B. B. January to the orderallowing John M. Stuart to holddances in the hall of the Stuart &O'Brien building, on Main street,from October until May withoutpaying an increased license Mr.Stuart has paid at the rate of $10per night since last May for nightson which dances were held.Mr. Stuart made the claim thatat' the rate at which he had beenassessed he had paid into the citytreasury more than would havebeen required of him for the yearif he had taken out a yearly licenseand stated that he had not beenable to make the business pay atthat rate.ORDER PHOTOS FOR CHRISTMASNOWMake engagements for Bradleypictures as soon as possible andavoid the Christmas rush.Any picture worth taking deserves a frame. Let us show youthe Bradley frames.THE BRADLEY STUDIOS,Bourbon-Agricultural Bank Bldg.(21-lk)o "OLD CANE RIDGE FUNDContributions are still solicitedfor the restoration of the old CaneRidge Christian church and thegrounds adjoining. The preservation of this historic old structureshould be a matter of pride to thepeople of Bourbon county, and theState at large, as it has figured extensively in the religious history ofthe Christian church. To the people of Bourbon county it should always be a shrine, a place sacred tcthe memory of the famous meji whogave their labors in the ministry ofthe church, and to the men and women of that generation who were ofttheir congregations. "A few days ago a committee composed of Virgil Chapman, Jr., Chas.Spears and Harold F. Harris was appointed to extend the local compaign for the fund into a nationwide campaign. In the meantimecontributions can be sent to T. WillThomas, of Paris, treasurer of thefund.BLUEGRASS CROP SELLINGAccording to reports a considerable portion of the bluegrass seedcrop delivered to the Bluegrass SeedCo-operative Marketing Associationhas been sold, with sales proceedingrapidly at good prices.Officers of the pool report satisfaction with the prices received andthe method of marketing, and predict splendid success for the poolin its first year. Approximately!8000,000 pounds of seed have, beenpooled.NOTED PEOPLE USE GOODCOFFEEThe manager of Lasky's FamousPlayers, now playing in Catalina,used Seal Brand Coffee while there.Mr. William Wrigley, Sr., when atat home on the island, always buysSeal Brand Coffee and Tea.C. P. COOK & CO.oPROPOSES PBOHTBITJON PLANFOR AMERICAN LEGION .Mrs. Kate Waller Barrett, re-' cently elected president of the Wo-men's Auxiliary of the AmericanI Legion, told the W. C. T. TJ. assembly, at Philadelphia, that she hadnever encountered a "returned solI dier who was against prohibitionJ and that a great" effort is being madeto unite the American Legion withthe W. C. T.J. for the principlesof profiibition and purity.There is never any necessity fora man advertising his faults, theyTHE GRIDIRON FIELDSATURDAYS GAMESKentucky 6; Alabama 0.Auburn 6; Centre 0. NBarlhamNS25: Transylvania 0.Centre Freshmen 13; KeewatinAcademy 0.Centenary College 38! Louisville13.Union University 27; Bethel College 0.Georgetown 20; Chattanooga 6.Frankfort High 52; DanvilleHigh 3Louisville Male High 52; Somer-set High 3.uwmgsviiie High 0; Morganfield!High 0.The Paris High School eleven defeated the Georgetown High Schoolteam on Hncock Field Friday afternoon by a score of 14 to 0. Thefirst touchdown was made by Nash!in ine nrst quarter and was followed by the goal kick of Tucker's.In the third quarter another touchdown was scored by Connell, Tuckeragain kicking the goal. During the jsecond quarter Tucker was takenout on account of a slight injuryand was replaced by George Dun-don. Georgetown came nearscoring at different times, andplayed a good game, the forwardpass and the lockstep being theirfavorite plays. Several of theirmen had to be replaced on accountof minor injuries. The Paris lineup was as follows:Deacon, left end; Rourke, lefttackle; Alexander, left guard; Rosecenter; Strother. right guard; McCann, right tackle; Coughlin, rightend; Nash, left half; Taylor, fullback; substitutes: Dundon forTucker, Williams for Coughlin,Coughlin for Rourke, W. Taylorfor McCann, Tucker for Dundon.The Paris High School team willplay the Versailles High Schoolteam on Hancock Field Friday afternoon, November 24, at 2:30o'clock. Pa,ris people , may expectto see one of the hardest foughtgames of the season. This will bethe last game at home and the lastopportunity to see Tucker, Nash,Taylor and others, in action. Paris'last game will be played at Covington on Thanksgiving Day, Thursday, November 30.The Millersburg Military Institute eleven and the University ofKentucky Model High School teamplayed a tie game on the M. M. I.grounds Friday afternoon, neitherteam being able to score. The playing field was sloppy, making playdifficult. Both teams were seemingly evenly matched and foughthard.TAXPAYERS NOTICETO AVOID EEEORS AND MIS-'UNDERSTANDINGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES POE OUB CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRUCTED TO DO SO.HRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANE.PEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON -AGRICULTURAL BANK& TEUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)MRS. BENAKEB SUES INSURANCE COMPANIESMrs. Nancy Katherine Renaker,of Winchester, filed suits againstlife insurance companies, seeking torecover $40,000 insurance on thelife of her .husband, Leon Renaker,"turkey king," murdered in hishome in Winchester July 24.The petitions set out that thewidow made specific demand' for thepayment of these policies in Augustand September, but payment -hasmot been made.Before the indictment of Mrs.Renaker on a charge of alleged conspiracy in the murder or her husband, the Bankers Life InsuranceCompany had paid a policy of $2,000and the Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company a policy of $4,000. She was named as sole beneficiary in the -policies, the total ofwhich is $53,300 ': o ,PRESIDENT HARDING NAMES"EDUCATION WEEK"President Harding in a proclamation made public at the WhiteHouse sets aside the week of December 3 to 9 as American Educa-.tion Week. He recommends to theappropriate National, State and local authorities that they give their ;cordial support and cooperation andalso calls upon pafents to enlist Jthemselves in behalf of a closer understanding between the school and .the home. ,"-j oLife ought to give a lot more toany nersoh after he has -lived -halfH. C. BAILEY BROWNED INATLANTA- H. C. Bailey, Southern DivisionAgent of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, with headquarters atAtlanta, Ga., was drowned at Atlan-Jta, Saturday, according to a mes-I sage received nere by Mrs. CharlesjBJukill, from her niece, Mrs. H. C.Bailey, of Mt.. Sterling. Mrs.Bailey passed through 'Paris lateSaturday evening on her way to Atlanta. No particulars of the drowning was given. Mrs. Bailey wasformerly Miss Emma Hanly, daughter of the lateGratz Hanly, ofParis and was married to Mr. Baileyseveral years ago. Her mother,. v"tfc" xu.xj, ,. yicocut ie-sides in Mt. Sterling.The daily yapers of Sunday, carried the following news item fromAtlanta, under, date of Saturday:"The body of .H. C. Bailey, division passenger agent for the Louisville and Nashville railroad, wasfound in the Brookhaven Lake ofthe Capital Cify Country Club hereto-day."County police expressed the opinion that he had taken his own life."Mr. Bailey's coat and hat werefound on the bank of 'the Lake nearwhere the body was discovered inthe water by two caddies while theywere searching for a golf ball.Papers found in one of his coatpockets indicated he had plannedto leave Atlanta to-night for Louisville, Ky., his former home, tovisit his mother."A coroner's inquest will be heldSunday."Arthur H. Erwin, son-in-law ofthe railroad official, stated that heknew of no reason why Mr. Baileyshould have decided to end his life.He had been in the service of theL. & N. for 34 years."The body was brought to Louisville yesterday in a special car overthe L. &. N., accompanied by members of the family, and a delegationrepresenting the L. & N. Thefuneral will take place at 11:30o'clock this morning. The interment will take place in Cave' HillCemetery.YABN HOSEYarn hose, 50c and upTHE LEADER STORE.Some persons set themselves onpedestals withtfutTT)eing sure oftheir standing qualities.FUR COATSOf Excellent QualityAt Moderate , PricesSoftly lustrous, of silky texture, andperfect blending of perfect skins thesearc the things you can expect to findn the furs we offer. The modes areall new, in model and development,and are so chic, so flattering that onecannot help but admire. Seal, caracul,marmot, muskrat and other favoredpelts attractively-priced.FR A NK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSPARIS HI VS. VERSAILLES IJMSDAJ: !Friday, November 24, will b thlast home game on the Paris High'School football schedule .for 1922.At this time the visiting team willbej the strong Versailles team, whichhas made a splendid record during:the entire season. Friday's game isas far as the home ground is concerned, the end of the career of several of the Paris High School's mostpopular players, as the schedulecloses Thanksgiving Day in Corington. We are expecting this weekone of our best games and one ofthe best crowds.Earis High School extends an invitation to the football teams- representing the Bourbon County HiskSchool at Millersburg, North Middietown High School,. Little RockHigh School,. Clintonville High.School, Center-Hill and to any otherfootball team in Bourbon county tobe guests Friday afternoon, at theParis-Versailles game. Sixteen hoyirepresenting each of these schoolswill be admitted free to this game.In addition to the above invitation,.the Paris High School team invites "all the Bourbon county teachers andall 7th and 8th grade students coming from any rural school' in Bourbon county, to be their guests atthe game Friday afternoon.We hope to have county-wide representation at this game, as this igNthe last home game of the season.On behalf of the coach, managerand players of the Paris High.School football team, we want toexpress our appreciation to the people of this city and surroundingcommunities for their splendid at-tendance and support during thisseason, and especially do we wantto thank the newspapers for theliberal space they have given 'us inwriting up our games.We feel that we are closings anunusually successful season and arelooking forward to next season with xgreat hopes for a championshipteam.INHERITANCE TAXES COLLECTED IN OCTOBERInheritance ' taxes collected inKentucky during the months of October totaled $36,058.90, accordingto the report issued by the StateTax Commission. The largest individual payment was on the estate ofG. W. Embry, of Louisville, whichwas $7,405.38.v)vwill be discovered, soon enough.- tn$"ty."sN'-srsw' sJt' ,PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYT TU1SDAT. NOVMCBWt 21, 122iTHE BOURBON NEWSpffcUitked 18f-i 41 Years of Continuous Publicationiiislied Every Tuesday and FridayFer Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.fWBT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Kmtered at the Paris, Kentucky,- 'Psotoffis as If all Matter of thsSecond Class.)OUE FOREIGN EEPBESENTATIVES.. Mew York-Ameriean Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency'Cincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perimckffor first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per linetack issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will beCladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSWhat has become of the oldfashioned Paris man who used towhistle "After The Ball Is Over,"and "Sweet Marie?"When a Paris man says the worldis not getting better it gives you agood lead as to what kind of a lifehe himself has been living.m nMany a Paris lad whose fondparents expected him to be an example for the rest of the boys turnsout to be merely a problem.Let us be glad that most of thethings said in political campaignsare not true, and most of the political predictions may never come topass.Now that the girls' skirts are going to be longer, a lot of Paris meni will suddenly discover that theyreally had very little use for glassesafter all.The trouble with a great manyParis people to-day is that they arelaying too great special stress uponthat part of the Scriptures whichsay "The Lord will provide."Baby looks like daddyBut he's so young as yet,We will not be disheartenedNor broken with regret;He has so many years to go.This handicap may pass, you know.One reason the life insuranceagent is so popular, he is always.bringiag up those cheerful little.topics, such as poverty, old age,death sickness and accidents.-Tka man who thinks he canmouat to glory on the despisedforms of those he feels himselfabove, will wake up some day tofind himself smothered beneath the'contempt of men."Life must be awfully discouraging for the good old family hen,"remarks the local Wise Guy, "for, assoon as 'she lays up something for arainy day, along comes somebodyand takes it away from her."We noted in a newspaper the oth--erday where a New York detectiveused up a lot of space in telling areporter about the crooks he hadcaught in that wicked city. Butjust lek at the crowd he had topick frwn, and the wonder ceases.A nted psyscho-analyst, in discusslag the numerous murders receatly committed by women saysthat "woman Is in revolt." Does hemeii that when she bangs herktmMe spouse""on the head with amallet, she is merely "being a wo-MU?"W are informed by the scientiststhat Ash eat but little and requirefrat very little sleep. Wouldn't. tker fjafee woaderful bridge players? tfcey would be satisfied withtfce.lMm&-out that was given thema4 wtjpa aot always fee yawniaffat tine 'Jderestinff part of the came.at PiMt Hardly has beetfce eccases mala fey the Re-mawst spars fr His icfaajtin the recent elections, he is con-jvinced of only -one thing thatsomething hit his party an awfulwallop.What Kentucky needs' is morecenservation of trees with merchantable timber betwixt their topsand roots, and less boasting about"family trees" which haven't thevalue of paw-paw bushes.Some Paris men we know seem tohave the idea that "co-operation"means everyone else working forthem. Their part of the "co-operation"consists in grabbing off allthe glory while the others do thereal work.A Paris man said of another recently: "That guy is so blamedconceited that he gives the impression that it was a special act ofcondescension for him to permit theLord to create an earth that was notfully occupied by him and his family connections."Pity the little centipede.Who has a hundred toes,And often wonders which 'Is just the one that froze.And sometimes when he freezes all,It is some job, I weenTo massage each and every toeWith soothing vaseline.How strange a thing is memoryThis very day upon the streetA hundred faces looked on me,I heard the tread of many feet;Yet in this .hour of twilight graceNo sight, no sound of this brightdayCan blur remembrance of one faceThat smiles from forty years ago.A middle-aged Paris woman isone who can remember as far backas the time when Manhattan cocktails with cherries in them wereserved in "the best families," andwhen the woman who did not turndown her glass, turned it up forthe cherries.In one county in Minnesota thereis one cow for each inhabitant andthere are bank deposits amountingto $400 for each inhabitant. Itseems to us that these statisticskinder rise up to smite any dairyman who would make the assertionthat there is no money in dairyfarming.The Day's Best Thought: Theold phrase, "To know all is to forgive all," is very true. It is onlysurface knowledge that leads to bitterness and abuse. To get down intothe reaities of any life is almostsurely to find it a life in whichsome radical beauty and truth hasredeemed the seeming failure.When a man who didn't go towar reads about Alvin York orSamuel Woodfill he has a miserable time trying to convince himselfthat there were reasons why hecould not go to the war. and thatrestraining his military ardor was,in the circumstances, as heroic ascharging a nest of machine gunswhen armed with a bread knife.The colored minister of a Catlettsburg church astounded thethe members of his congregation recently when he arose in the pulpitand made the following announcement: "The subject of my sermonto-night will be. 'The Lord Sent MeTo Preach The Gospel, And I'll BeDamned If I Don't Do It.' " On reflection the title is all right, andmeans just what it says, with nodisrespect intended.It happened in the local telephoneoffice the other night. Two Parisboys whom we will call Dick andJack for the purpose of the item.but whose real names do not mat-1ter, were holding a conversation.Dick said to Jack: "Can't you comeover to-night?" Jack, answeringDick, said: "Oh, I can't. I'm wash-'rer mv nnriprwenr " And tn thefrintense astonishment, the voice ofone the operators, who was answering another call, broke in with"I'm ringing them." And they won -dered if there was anyone else on originated the word. He was on athe line. train going from Chicago to Mem-phis and while thinking of an ap-Take a walk down Main street PrPriate name for his chain ofsome night and count the stores storeB he Recalled the fact that athat are lighted. A recent visitor f f oes ut T"made the remark that Paris after siMeurnstllM werTto'be us'edTndark, was the darkest of the dark. ( tne. storeS he coined the aboyeA few exceptions could be noted, words and applied them to thethough. We tire not much attract- stores,.ed by the idea of a great "White One of the stores has been estabWay," but are of the opinion that lished in Paris and another is to bebrilliantly lighted stores would be established at Cynthiana.a good advertisement for Paris mer-'. Pl&gly Wiggly groceries adverchants from now until after the hoi- tise liDerallyy 'Being cash and caridays. And we are not "plugging' ry diIvely, th Prices are com-for the Paris Electric Co., either. 'Ztrntl Purchf erg ,mato i. t. v it x their own selections and pay. for itSome might urge the objection that a8 they leave the Btore Ve mucheverybody in Paris goes in after the iifce cafeteria,jnovie shows are over, but, just the - rit would-be a good Idea to haytke stores UffcttA mmt sfcf, teaKENTUCKY CANDIDATES JILEEXPENSE REPORTSFour Kentucky post-electionstatements on campaign expenseshave been received by the Clerk ofthe House'' of Representatives, butin no case is any tinge of Newberryism revealed.George W. Jolly, who tried tobeat Representative Kinchejoe inthe Second Congressional District,filed a statement showing $50 spentin addition. Representative Johnson, in the Fourth, reported thathe had spent nothing on the general election which makes his outlay nothing at all for either theprimary or the general election.Representative Rouse, of theSixth, spent $180.50 toward thefinish in 'addition to $201.75 already reported, and RepresentativeCantrill, of the Seventh, found itunnecessary to spend anything onhis election campaign, althoughthat was not true of the primary.More than 500 Congressional candidates already have filed postelection statements.HEARST BUYS THE WASHINGTON HERALDThe Washington Herald, .HappyHooligan of the newspapers of the'Capital, passed at the end of thisweek into the possession of WilliamRandolph Hearst. The negotiationswere conducted Tuesday.Mr. Hearst has already a Washington evening newspaper, the Times,which came into his string by wayof Arthur Brisbane, and which figured in the Senate investigationbecause of the money advanced theGerman brewers at a time whenGermans and brewers were equallyunpopular.The Herald nae had a long andunsuccessful career. With the advent of the Harding Administrationit was purchased by a syndicate inwhich Julius Barnes and HerbertHoover were conspicuous. In a cityin which there was only competitionas to which newspapers could signthe praises of the Administrationloudest it gained no eminence. ,Atfirst is was expected to help Hoover's Presidential aspirations, butHoover did not have the brazennessnecessary. He sold his minority interest to Julias Barnes, who hasbeen carrying the bulk of the loadever since.Your Child's Bowels Need"California Fig Syrup"iHurry mother! Even a sick chililoves the "fruity" taste of "California Fig Syrup" and it neverfails to open the bowels. A teaspoonful to-day may prevent a sickchild to-morrow. If constipated,.bilious, feverish, fretful, has col,colic or if stomach is sour, tonguecoated, breath bad, remember a goodcleansing of the little bowels is often all that is necessary.Ask your druggist for genuine"California Fig Syrup" which hasdirections for babies and children ofall ages printed on bottle. Mother!You must say "California" or youmay get an imitation fig syrup.(adv-T)w stmnar- xitwiist.w nnm. " zir" !,J",X uvj.THE NAMEPiggly Wiggly is a coined word.Clarence Saunders, who is identifiedwith the Piggly Wiggly stores.Fools will rush into trouble, butangels believe in - observing thsiMOTHER!DTE MIND THE TIMEWhen These Things Happened InParis, As Told in THENEWS' Files?DAYS OF AULD LANG SYNEThere's no denying that to mostof us there is a certain satisfactionin reviewing the events of long ago,as they are presented to us, eithercasually or by force of some reminiscent strain of the moment. Andto those who lived here in the longago the recalling of events in theold days of Paris affords a peculiarsatisfaction all its own. They, perhaps, more than we who havegrown used to the old place, willappreciate these items, taken atrandom from a copy of THE BOURBON NEWS, of Wednesday, June22; 1881:Mrs. O. A. Gilman has gone toBuffalo, New York, to visit relatives.Capt. Ed. Taylor's family willspend the summer at the Garth Female Institute."Scrub" Webb has gone to Frankfort to accept a position with an engineering corps.Felix Lowry sold his tobacco at$13 all around. The highest at$19.25 and the lowest at $6.70.Mrs. Amanda Clay has gone toCincinnati to assist Mrs. Ware inkeeping boarding house.W. W. Massie has gone into thefine sheep business, and will receivesome imported in a few days fromEngland.Bourbon having sold her railroadstock, will pay off her entire indebtedness. We will now have nomore railroad tax to pay.A number of the boys sat up until after the eclipse Saturday nightand took observations " through aspy glass that held about a pint.Ike Fields, a, bloated negro loafer,got on a high flirtation last Sundaywhile excursioning around, andcame back home with one of those"things" cut over his eye.The friends of the editors of theSunday Mirror, will be expected toride slow after them soon, on a tripout towards the fair grounds. Somewill weep, while others will smile.Just as our railroad stock had theleast show of an opportunity to beworth something, our Magistrateshad to sell it. There were but threeMagistrates in the county whocould see three inches beyond theirnoses.Monday evening at seven, TomPhillips, the butcher, ran Tom.Griffin out of Thomas Bashford'sstore into the street, when Griffindrew a pistol and shot Phillips,making a painful wound in the leftarm. Griffin was arrested and putin the cooler.The Assessor's books in this county shows the following report:Number of acres of land, 273,252;value of land, $5,752,923; numberof town lots, 730; value of townlots, $781,000; number of horses,3,758; value of horses, $119,715;number of .mules, 1,709, value ofmules, $53,862; number of jennets,56, value of jennets, $2,405; number of sheep, 47,920; value of sheep,"$90,975; number of hogs, 2,995;value of hogs, $6,227; number ofcattle, 9,345; value of cattle, $190,566. At the old soldiers' meeting atParis, on Saturday, Kelley Brentdelivered the welcome address, towhich Dr. Chirtn, of Lexington, responded. ' After the solemn exercises at the court house, the oldveterans were banquetted at theBourbon House. The following arethe names of those present, andtheir ages: Moore Johnson, Mt.Sterling, 86; Thomas Jones, Paris,89; Thomas Casey, Falmouth, 84;Dr. C. ,C. Graham, Louisville, 97;Zach Corbin, Bethel, Owen county,92; Enos B. Payne, Newport, 88;G. H. Perrin, Cynthiana, 87;'GiliadEvans, Headquarters, Nicholas county 87; Dr. J. G. Chinn, Lexington,84; Joshua Webb. Madison county,89; S. M. Berry. Scott county, 85;Samuel Jones, Bourbon county, 87;Thomas White, Paris, 92.Col. Stoner has bought of PaulDana. (edit6r of New York Sun)the chustunt colt Mambrino Russell,for $6,000. Mambrino Russell wasbred at Woodburn Farm, foaled188, by Woodford Mambrino, record 2:21. and out of the dam ofNutwood, 2:18, and the Queen ofthe Truf, Maud S., 2:10, by Pilot,Jr. The price paid for MambrinoRussell was princely. We congratulate Col. Stoner on owning two ofthe grandest stallions in America,Strathmore and Mambrino Russell.On the 10th day of July, all therollingstock and track of the K. C.road will be changed to suit thegauge of the Chesapeake & Ohioroad.John Harper, of Ruddles Mills,caught on a trot-line a, cat fishwhich weighed 224 pounds. Hebrought the fish her for sale, andTint heinsr ahl In cpt. tpti rent, vutUound for it. tnnv it hRrfr hnm.Among the Bourbonites who at-Butler's Station, were Col. Craddock, R. Rule and wife, Towle3Thornton and Miss Stoker, and Jas.Skinner. Four of five others fromRuddles Mills, who intended to getoff at the station, went on to thecity, and returned in the afternoon."Greybeard" Sam Clay has alreadv striDDed and sold from his'farm Jn this county, 15,000 bushelsof bluegrass seed, and will havegathered at the end of the season,over 20,000 bushels. He sold atsixty cents per bushel, cured. WillFerguson also, has about 10,000bushels gathered from his farm. Thecrop Nis an unusually heavy one.Good-bye parties now collectevery evening at the Paris junction,where fond hearts the torn asnuderand sparkling eyes are made to runover and moisten the earth and atmosphere. BAD COLD GONEIN FEW HOURS'Tape's Cold Compound,, Acjs Qlnick,Costs Little and Never- Sickens !In a few hours your cold is gone,head and nose clear, no feverishness, headache, or stuffed-up feeling. Druggists here guarantee thesepleasant tablets to break up a coldor the grippe quicker than nastyqufhine. They never make you sickor uncomfortable. Buy a box of"Pape's Cold Compound" for a fewcents and get rid of your cold rightnow. (adv-T)DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICALPlant This FallFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the meet complete nursery book ever issued inthe South. It is free for the asking.H. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsBLUE GEASS NUESEBIES,Lexington, Kentucky.BWGHTEIt,EVENINGSJust HistoryIn 7fThe Colonial DanSpun her clothBy Candle flame.1?.In I860In Crinoline bright,She fleeted her rmeetsBy Coal Oil lightAnd later on,How time dot ftat tHer home was fitBy flickering Gas.But the girl of tt-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a hmttonAnd has Electric light.'3Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Imoor9orat4)Executor's Saleof Live Stock, Crops and Farm Implements Belonging to the Estate ofMrs. Cordelia OffuttSATURDAY, NOVEMBER 25thAT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.56 e-wes; 2 bucks; 26 fat hogs; 7 sows with 43 pigs; 9steers and heifers; 2 milk cows; bull; 3 mules and 2 horses; corn incrib and in the shock; about 10 tons baled hay; 2 tons sheaf oat;farm implement! and other articles; Btudebaker automobile Sedaanused yery little and in excellent condition. Usual terms.B0TJ2B0H AGRICULTURAL BAUX A T1TJST 00.ExecutorUSEES OJ ADDING 1UCHRSiFor your convenience we are sowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely UntiesTHE BOURBON NEWS,WANTED.Two salesladies over sixteen amiof good character. No experieacenecessary, we teach you. Also twoschool girls, for Saturday only.ApplyS. H. KRESS & CO.(17-3t)FOR RENTThree nicely furnished roomswith bath, 407 Pleasant street.Cumberland Phone 54 .MRS. CARL CRAWFORD(17-tf)LOSTAt Paris High School, or on thestreets of Paris, a diamond ring,with small set. Finder please leaveat THE NEWS office and receive reward. INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexingtonLexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m6:00 p. m!7z9 p. nu9:10 p. m.705 a. m.05 a. m.05 a. m.05 a. m.05 a. m.05 p.m.05 p. m.05 p. m.05 a. m.05 p. zn.05 p. m.05 p. m.05 p. m.15 p. m.05 p. m8910111212345678101155 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare. 60c: Ticket Fare. 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or InQuantities, date unlimited, sold btween all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP-WHITE BARBERS-Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSIPARIS, KY,BtJgMt BufliMss Jan. 3, 151SCAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUSS26.000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Klacr, PrsaMsntB. L. Weathers, Vie PreaidtntW. TOMitohell, CashierJno. W. Yerksa, Asa't CashierDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeeyer...JUNE 30, 1921of Xn . Cordtlk Ofmtt, DeoeajejFARMERSTRADERSA- . h W IP . sndd m 0$$ lmiTfo. d. p;. -:.sj -'' ttr-firi. ..?.'tr(-rKit. --; ", -i kA. 1- at',at ij-rVX.-twrf . ItlfrJ ., K ,- , vytk;,TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 21, 1922n'wff ii n imywwTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, . KENTUCKY "V-PAGEsrHEEDFUL KNOWLEDGEParis People Should Learn to Dctect the Approach of KidneyDiseaseThe symptoms of kidney troubleare many. Disordered kidneys oftenexcrete a thick, cloudy, offensiveurine, full of sediment, irregular ofpassage or attended by a sensationof scalding. The back may ache,headaches and dizzy spells may occur and the victim is often weighted down by a feeling 'of languorand fatigue. Neglect these warnings and there is danger. Delayoften proves fatal.You can use no better endorsedkidney remedy than Doan's KidneyPills. Here's Paris proof of theirmerit.Joe Kiely, proprietor shoe repairshop, 617 Ferguson street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pills did me a worldof good and I take pleasure in recommending them to -anyone suffering with kidney trouble. I was asufferer from kidney complaint andmy back ached most of the time.My kidneys were weak and the secretions were highly colored andcontained sediment. I lost mysleep at night as there was no letup to the pain in my back. I gotfour "boxes of Doan's Kidney Pillsat Ardery's Drug Store and usedthem. They rid me of the troubleentirely."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Kiely had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.GOVERNOR URGES YOUTHS TOJOIN BUBAL CLUBSTREES ABE DISTRIBUTED BYstatTe INDUSTRYTrees for planting this fall can besecured from the State nursery atthe Kentucky State Fair Grounds,according to an announcement byW. G. Hanna, Commissioner of Agriculture. There will be a charge of 10cents for each tree to cover the costof digging, packing and its deliveryto the Louisville freight or expressoffice, the purchaser to pay thefreight and express charges, according to Commissioner Hanna.Any one desiring trees shouldwrite to J. N. Black, superintendentof the nursery, State Fair Grounds,Route 22, Box 26, Louisville, Ky..Commissioner Hanna said.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sreat Remedy, Radlo-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oKENTUCKY TUBKEYS BRINGHIGHEST PBICESJunior Agricultural Week, Nov.20 to 25, was proclaimed by Governor Morrow, who issued a proclamation, requestfng boys and girls ofrural Kentucky to ;Jojn the; .clubsunder the direction of the Collegeof Agriculture.The proclamation follows:To the Boys and Girls of Kentucky: ' "This week of November 20-25,inclusive, is hereby set apart anddesignated as Junior AgriculturalWeek."During this week, the boys andgirls of rural Kentucky will be 'requested to join the JuniorCollege of Agrcutue of the University of Kentucky. I most earnestly urge the boys and grils ofKentucky to become identified withthis organization."Knowing the soil of your land,learn to love it, have faith in it anda belief in the dignity of the manand woman, who in the great out-of-doorsproduces food-and clothingfor the world. 'To plow is to pray:to plant seed is to prophesy; togather the harvest is a fulfillmentof love and hope; to produce fromthe soil is to serve both God andman.'"A great eonrollment of love andhope; to produce from the soil is toserve both God and man.'"A great enrollment of the boysand girls of Kentucky in the Junior Agricultural Clubs means a better thrifter, happier Kentucky."GOV. EDWIN P. MORROW."COUNTIES HAYE NOT PILEDELECTION BETUBNSThe following quotations from theProduce Packer, a national poultryjournal, will show that prices beingpaid for turkeys in Kentucky thisyear are higher than in any Statein the union.Missouri, from 22c to 30c; Kansas, from 18c to 32c; Oklahoma,from 27c to 28c; Texas, from 22c to27c; Illinois, from 25c to 35c; Indiana, from 25c to 30c; Tennessee,from 25c to 32c; Alabama, "from 22cto 35c; Mississippi, from 25c to35 c. It will be noted that the rangeis rather wide in most of the States.This is due to the distance fromcentral markets largely.oA call on the county clerks inmany counties for more speed inreporting the results of the electionof November 7, was made by FredA. Vaughn, Secretary of State.Only partial reports-have been received and not one of the elevendistricts has submitted a completereport, according to SecretaryVaunghn.The counties, by districts, thathave failed to report, follow:First Ballard, Graves, Calloway.Marshall, McCracken and Trigg.Second Daviess, Henderson, Hopkins, McLean and Union.Third Butler, Todd and Warren. Fourth Breckinridge, Grayson, Hart, Marion, Nelson and Ohio.Fifth No precincts reported.Sixth Campbell, Grant andKenton.Seventh Bourbon, Clark. Fayette, Franklin, Lee, Owen, Powelland Scott.Eighth Garrad, Lincoln, Madison and Spencer.Ninth Breathitt, Boyd, CarterGreenup, Montgomery and Wolfe.Tenth Letcher, Martin, Owsleyand Pike.Eleventh Clay. Cumberland,McCreary and Knox.Third Appellate District Cumberland, Hart, Marion, McCreary,Spencer and Nelson."THE BAT" COMING SOONAGENTS WANTEDIndustrious men and womenwanted to retail the genuine Watkins Products in city territories.Exceptional opportunity to tie upwith oldest and largest company ofits kind. Our hustlers average income is $1.10 an hour. Are you doing as well? If not, write to-dayfor free samples and particulars.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.,Dept. 82, Memphis, Tenn.(nov3-tf)oNEW CUBE FOUND FOB DIABETESThe special company of "TheBat," the super-mystery play byMary Roberts Rinehart and AveryHopwell, playing the outlying theatres around New York, known asthe "Subway Circuit," has metwith so remarkable a reception thatit is now planned to keep the playcirculating in those theatresthroughout the entire season. Ithas just broken records for twoweek engagements in the Bronxand Brooklyn, playing to more than$25,000 each place. This is the firsttime since the" houses were builtthat an attraction has been able todo this.PERSONALSMrs. Clarence Gifford is visiting her parents in Middletown,Ohio.Dr. Marmaduke Brown has returned from a visit to his sister,Mrs. J. J. Rice, and Dr. Rice, inDanville.Jos. Lavin, the plant king ofParis, has returned from a threeweeks' stay at Hot . Springs, Ark.,greatly improved in health.J. T. Hughes, of the RedpathChautauqua Bureau, was a recentguest of friends in Paris, en routeto Berea, Ky., on a business mission.Mrs. Rankin Mastin and baby,Norma Mae, have returned from avisit to Mrs. Mastin's parents, Mr.and Mrs. W. J. Huffman, in Covington. Miss Eleanor Swearengen,daughter of Mrs. Helen DavisSwearengen, who has been very illfor some time with diphtheria, isimproving.Mrs. L. M. Westerfield has returned from Lancaster, where shehas been at the sickbed of heraunt, Mrs. M. D. Elmore. Mrs. Elmore is considerably improved.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Fout havereturned to their home in Montgomery, West Virginia, after ashort visit to Mr. and Mrs. FrankTrisler, on West Eighth street.Mrs. R. L. Sears has returnedifrom Connersville. Indiana, whereshe was called to be with herdaughter, Miss Ruth Sears, who recently underwent an operation forappendicitis.Miss Katherine Lovell had. asguests for the week-end MissesGertrude Shuff, of Louisville, andLouise Hisin, of London, Ky., classmates at the University of Kentucky, at Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Arch Paxtbn havereturned to their home in Lexington, after a visit to the latter'sbrother, James D. McClintock. Mr.Paxton, who was formerly chiefclerk in the local freight office ofthe Louisville & Nashville, is nowtraffic manager for the LexingtonRoller Mills Company.Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger washostess at her home on Seventhstreet Friday afternoon to a veryinformal bridge party as a courtesyto her house guest, Mrs. R. A.Coughill. of Cincinnati. Autumnblossoms formed an appropriate decoration, and at the conclusions thegames refreshments were served.The guests for the afternoon wereMrs. Cougill; Mesdames Fay Ardery, Sidney Ardery, Jr., WilliamTaylor, Lewis Taylor, EdwardSpears, Charles Spears, VirgilChapman, Raymond R. McMillan,Jos. Davis, Jr., James A. Orr;Misses Frances Clay, Margaret Ardery. Mrs. William Cooper was hostessat her home on the Paris and Lexington road, near Paris, withbridge, the hospitality includingfive tables of players. Mrs. Cooperwas assisted in entertaining by Mrs.Fay Ardery and Mrs. Brinch Mein-ertz. At the conclusion of thegames a tempting lunch was served.Two prizes were awarded, the onefor the highest score, hand-embroideredhandkerchiefs, to Mrs.Dan Peed, Jr., and the booby, toMrs. Will S. Arnsparger. The invited guests for the afternoon were:Me,sdames Waher Dalby, LewisTaylor, Charles A. McMillan, Watson W. Judy, Will S. Arnsparger,W. E. Paton, Dan W. Peed, Jr., W.Ed. Tucker. Raymond McMillan,Brinch Meinertz, Sidney Ardery,.Jr., W. K. Griffin, Denis Dundon,Clay Sutherland. James A. Orr, Lucien Arnsparger, Frank P. Kiser,John W. Young, Fay Ardery; MissClara Bacon.(Other Personals on' Page 5)oGOOD ATTBACTIONS AT GBANDAND ALAMOBOOKS WANTED FOB D. A. B. 1LIBRARYMiss Esther Burch, of Stanford,Ky., librarian of Kentucky D. A. Rhas been requested by the NationalSociety to secure for the library ofMemorial Continental Hall, Washington, D. J3., the following books:Biographical "Essay of Kentucky,published 1878.Louisville, Past and Present,1875.History of Union County, Kentucky, 1886.History of Kentucky. 1872.Biography of David De Purviance, 1848.Historical Sketches of Kentucky,Collins.Pioneer Life in Kentucky, Drake.Sketches of Louisville and Environs, McMurtie.History of Presbyterian Church inKentucky, by Davidson.History of Methodism in Kentucky, 3 Vols. 'History of Boone Family,Speaker.If you have any of these booksand are willing to sell same, pleasenotify Miss' Elizabeth E. Grimes,member of Kentucky D. A. R., Library Committee, 151 Duncan avenue, Paris, Ky., Cumberland Phone30; Home Phone 374.CHANCE TO REDEEM WAB SAVINGS STAMPS'War Savings Stamps of the seriesof 1918 become'due and payable onJanuary 1, 1823. The people whobought these stamps will receivetheir full face value upon redempttion and will find that the moneythey saved five years ago has earnedevery year about four percent, compounded interest. In order to affordholders of war savings stamps anopportunity to continue their investment in a safe government security the Treasury Department isoffering an exchange of War Savings Stamps for Treasury SavingsCertificates. The certificates areissued in denominations of $25,$100 and $1,000. maturity value,Jand soid for $20.50, $82 and $820,respectively. Holders of War Savings Stamps can get them at theseprices upon application throughtheir own banks or their postoffices.Exchanges will be made as of January 1, 1923, upon applications presented between November 15, 1922,and January 15, 1923. Immediatepayment will -be made in cash ofany difference due the holder ofWar Savings Stamps if he takes thelargest possible amount of TreasurySavings Certificates on the exchange. The growing inclination of thepeople to save and their desire tofind a safe reinvestment for theirmoney leads Treasury officials to believe that a large part of thesix hundred million dollars in War'Savings Stamps soon to become due will be exchanged forTreasury Savings Cartificates.9.gmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmIt holds, your"4JX)VED ONESt- IM safe 'mSI afterwards.-HTRUST DEPARTMENTThat money andjproperty you have "will keep your lovedones after you are gone if it is handled and conserved forthem as you are now doing. This can be done if you appointour Trust Department as your EXECUTORS. Then menof known ability in finance and investments will look afterit for .you and account for every penny. Come in now andtalk it over. We want to explain what we mean by "ALiving Trust.' ' We will welcome you.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyw&mmli4"M"I"M'GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 299ELECTRICAL WORK IJJjWe repair and install1 all kinds of Electrical'EquipmentBell WorkHousewiringContracting, , FixturesAll Sizes BulbsOUR PRICES ARE RIGHT OUR WORK GUARANTEEDLET US GIVE YOU AN ESTIMATE ON YOUR. WORKBLUE GRASS ELECTRIC CO.PARIS, KY. 425 Main St. CUMB. PHONE 500THANKSGIVING COMINGA discovery that is believed topave tbe way to a cure of diabetesis announced by Dr. John R. Murlin, director of tbe Department ofVital Economics at tbe Universityof Rochester, New York."We claim the credit for havingproved first that pancreatic extract can restore tbe lost power tooxidize susrar to-animals rendereddiabetic by removal of pancreats."The best method of preparationfor administration to human, casesprobably has not yet been achieved.We must find a way to give it bymouth, as thyroid extract is given,and then one of the major causesof death will have been completelyremoved." s; :It is said that Tkeda Bara wantto cone back and doubtless barerback. w- , - - hThursday, November 30, will beThanksgiving day in the Nation.If you have nothing particular tofeel thankful for, just go to worklike a Turk and try to get something by the next one that rollsaround. Remember that a cleanskin, healthy diet, regular hoursfor sleep as well as business, tendto health, wealth and happiness,and that the greater part of man'sdestiny is left in his own hands,reo far as bodily happiness and conveniences are concerned. After all,will power appears to be a greatblessing to thankful or.GOOD TOBACCO PRICES ON THESOUTHERN MARKETBourbon county tobacco raiserswill be interested in learning ofconditions in the Southern marketwhich have a strong influence onthe Kentucky market, after theseason's opening.Jeff Denton, of Paris, one of thebest posted men in the Burley Association has just returned fromKingston,' North Carolina, wherehe spent several months on the tobacco markets. He reports themarkets there as very strong, theweed averaging about 35c a poundbeing ten cents higher than on thesame markets the past year.NOW READYTry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTSECOND INSPECTION OP OIL UNNECESSARYKerosene, which has been inspected again when sold in casks orsimilar containers, the Court of Appeals held in affirming the findingof the Lewis Circuit Court in thecase of the Commonwealth againstthe Standard Oil Company wasfound not guilty on charges of selling kerosene - in 10-gallon caskswithout each container having beeninspected and marked. The oil company claimed that the kerosene hadbeen-inspected in the company'sT.eservoir. '"The Spanish Jade," a Paramountpicture featuring David Powell, andthestory of which is based onMaurice Hewlett's famous novel,will be the feature at the Alamoand Grand to-morrow. The picturewas screened in Spain under thedirection of John S. Robertson. Thejstory is dramatic and there aremany thrilling situations in its development. Without mentioning past performances, Dorothy Dalton earns thetitle, "true sportsman," by A theversatility displayed -by her in'The Woman Who Walked Alone,' aGeorge Melford production inwhich she comes to the Alamo andGrand Thursday.In this feature, she proves herprowess by riding to hounds, shooting and taking part in the favoriteoutdoor sports of Merrie England.Also, she had to dance a fandangounder most dramatic circumstances,try her luck at the roulette tables,and finally run a tavern on the African veldt, where the tangled threadsof her destiny and another's arebrought together in a surprisingculmination. Milton Sills andWanda Hawley appear in her; support, with a large and excellentcast.McDonald's Farmers' Almanac for1923 (26th Edition'.) The best Almanac we have ever published.Contains more astrological and agricultural information. Price, 20cents.ATLAS PRINTING CO.,T3inghamton, New York, Dept. 5F.(21-4t)oPICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMO4 AND GRAND"To-day, Tuesday November 21Raymon Hatton, in "His BackAgainst The Wall;" Century Comedy, "You and Me;" Mutt and JeffComedy; The Grand's, Musical Trio.To-morrow, Wednesday, November 22 David "Powell, in "TheSpanish Jade," Christie Comedy,"Oh, Buddy," Pathe News. TheGrand's Musical Trio.Thursday. November 23 Dorothy Dalton, Milton Sills and WandaHawley in "The Woman Who Walked Alone." The Grand's MusicalTrio.GET YOUR BULBS NOW!We are displaying the most complete assortment wehave ever had. The same high grade we use for ourown cut flower growing. Don't fail to investigate before buying.r- JOHN CHRISTMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Berth PhonesV:IH4I)IHHIIIIIIIIIHHIMIIIII1HHHM'-We Handle All Kinds ofAbout the only reason there is forlaws is to keep some folks- fromhaving their own way.If a man has a disagreeable disposition he is always generous to-wards others with that.SAYS "AMERICA IS NATION OFLIARS"I Electrical Novelties IElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersMethods used by authorities incollecting the federal income taxhave made the American people anation , oi nais, awwums wfessor Charles J. Bullock, of Harvard University. Elaborating thisstatement in an address at the NewF. B. Jones, Presiding Elder Meththe morale of the people had 1eenlowered through efEorts of federalauthorities to4 collect, taxes on a 100' I per cent efficiency basis;All Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and OrnamentaLjT. W. SPICERMAIN STREET ' OPP. COURT HOUSE $MHHIHMIMI I IIHIHIIIIHIIIIIIHH 11111111111111Patronize Bourbon News Aitrftbm- i-..fvA.f k?T'J,Jht.V;rfjk',(r'PAGE FOURiTHE BOURBON NEWS,; PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY. NOVEMBER 21, 1922ft' "AID PLEDGE TO JEFFERSONDATIS SHEINEThe Jefferson Davis monument atFairview. Ky., will be completed byJune 3, 1923, birthday anniversary"of the Confederacy's president, it'plans formulated by the UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy in annual convention at Birmingham,Alabama, are carried out,A resolution was adopted accepting the report of the monumentcommittee, which recommended thatthe organization raise at once $30.000, the funds necessary, to raisethe shaft from a height of 216 feetto "351 feet. .The money will beraised by local chapters throughoutthe nation and by appeals for public subscription, according to the$lan adopted.The convention sent a telegramof condolence to Mrs. Luke E.Wright on the death of 'her husband, General Wright. As a tributeto General -Wright the conventionstood in silence for one minute during the morning session.Following adjournment a largeparty of delegates left for Montgomery to visit the first capitol ofthe Confederacy. wo-PABIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESA11 young men who desire to enroll in a course in Practical Electricity are invited to attend the classwhich has been organized at theParis High School. This class meetseach Monday and Wednesday evening at 7 o'clock, and is open to allwho wish to take advantage of thissplendid opportunity. This courseincludes a study of motors, dynamoes, lighting system, transformersand all practical uses of electricity.Shop mathematics 'will be givenwith this course. There are no requirements for admission in thisclass.TheFreshman class of Paris. Hiwill present a play called "TheFreshman," in the High School auditorium Tuesday, November 28, at8 o'clock. The play, from the pepand enthusiasm which the Freshman class is displaying -promises tobe one of the best productions evergiven by the High School. Admission for the lower floor is 50c, forthe balcony 35c. Everybody comeHIGH PRICE FOE TURKEYSThirty-seven cents per pound, delivered, is being paid this week forturkeys, according to a local dealerwho stated that it was about thehighest price within his recollection for many years. The pricethis year is in advance of that paidlast yeary when the top price wasthirty-two cen,ts per pound. Localdealers are busy with receiving andpreparing the fowls for the Thanksgiving market.The quantity of turkeys raised inthe county this year is about an average, while the quality is a littlebit better than an average. In somecounties the crop is reported to beunsually short, but, taken as awhole throughout the country thefowls are said to be plentiful.Brent Bros.' pens at Carlisle thisyear are in charge of J. W. Bacon,of Paris, in ttie absence of J. W.Stewart, of Millersburg, who is illat his home as the result of injuries sustained several weeks ago,when he was knocked down by ahorse.RELIGIOUSv ,A Resume of Events In Religious'Circles For Present andFutureTwo services were held Sundayat St. Peter's Episcopal church, byDEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Mtist ?ayGNADINGERThe body of Anthony Gnadinger,the rector. Rev. Walter S. Cain, the prominent Cynthiana merchant,morning prayer and sermon at! who died at his home in that city10:45, and the evening prayer and . Wednesday afternoon, was intersermon at 7:30. The morning ser-'red in the Paris Catholic Cemeteryvice next Sunday will be held at Saturday, following services held in10:45 o'clock; Sunday School at . Cynthiana., conducted W Rev. Fath9:30 o'clock. er Decius F. Carroll. The pall-Rev. Dr. John J. Rice, former j bearers were, W. O. Fryman, Hanpastor of the Paris Presbyterian son Peterson, Harry McCauley,church, was formally installed Sun-j Herman Rohs, Rodney Withers,day as pastor of the First Presby-! Nich Hayes, W. G. Swartz and Wal-terian church, in Danville, by a lace w. .Emory.committee from the Presbytery,composed of Dr. Daugherty, HowardDavis, of 'Harrodsburg, and J. E.Davis, of Salvisa. A program ofspecial music was rendered.brothers, Talbott Arnold and JamesArnold, both of Cincinnati.The body, accompanied by members of the funeral party, wasbrought to Paris with a motor cortege yesterday afternoon and takento the home, of Mrs. Amos Turney,Sr., on the Maysville. road? nearParis. The funeral will take placeat the Turney home, this (Tuesday)morning, at ,11:15 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. Walter S.Cain, rector of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, and Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of the Presbyterian church. Theinterment will follow on the familylot in the Paris cemetery. The pallbearers will be; Judge Denis Dundon, Rodney Withers, Jack Turney,Brutus Clay, Harry B, Clay, FrankSledd, J. Feathertone,, Charlton Alexander.KENTUCKY BOY STARS IN FOOTJAILTRAVIS-The body of Mrs. Susan Travis,W 11U U1C c1' O M HIV r T.rtiiioiTillo nniirinr-TAnrriQltti muoii- yycvo '. irp. ,;! ,iraa Vn-rmtrTlf tn Pnrio I "c uwuioriiic uuuw" ,Rev. George Darsie, pastor of - ' - ,ni.nrm,M .' ! yesterday published on its sportingthe Christian church at Williams- t . """ laTp,burs: Pa -has accented a call to Tne funeral Parfcy came to Paristmrg, Fa , has acceptea a call to inferurban car from Lexing-the pastorate of the Christian. A ,, . , . -,f , c,t,JZt, if . -MT4. awi- on, ffi ton, the interment following short -church at Mt. Sterling. The om-' ' , . . ., ,... , . ,, -u r. 4.jly after. The funeral was held atcial board of the church extended , y t avi,. .,,, t, t the church of God, in Lexington,the call to Rev. Darsie after a ser- Z, , ,. ' rtiv," -r, ,, T-, Saturday afternoon at one o clock,mon two weeks ago. Rev. Mr. Dar-j .. 7 . ..,. u t. . , , -r, .u i with services conducted by Revs. M.sia is a graduate of Bethany College , . , Allwo. r, -d?.,-u U.-U o t T i j tl C. McGuire and Albert P. Robmand a brother of Rev. Lloyd Darsie,former pastor of the Paris Christian i son'WILMOTTMrs. Tommie Brown Wilmott,wife of Charles O. Wilmott, ofchurch.Twenty-four people were received into the Presbyterianchurch Sundayjnorning. Some whohad signed cards expressing the t Paris, 'died Saturday afternoon atpurpose to unite with the church ' tnree o'clock, at the Massie Memoduring the Thacker meeting werenot able to be ' present Sunday.Dr. Thacker ""is holding a ""meetingin Gastonia, North Carloina. Between one hundred and ninety- andtwo hundred people have unitedwith the Presbyterian church during the past three years.ATTRACTIONS AT ALAMOGRANDANDrial Hospital, after a short illness,due to septicemia.Mrs. Wilmott was the daughterofElisha and Ellen Haynes Brown,former residents of Hutchison, nowresiding Jn Lexington. She is survived by her husband, three children, her parents, and by onebrother, John Y. Brown, of Bourbon county.The funeral' was held at the homeof Charles P. Wilmott, on Cypressstreet, in this city, yesterday after-'noon, at three o'clock,with servicesRaymond Hatton will be seen today in his late Goldwyn production,"His Back Against The Wall," apastor of the Presbvterian church.page a half-tone portrait of SamClay Ward, of Paris, with the following news dispatch from Charlottsville, Virginia, where Mr. Wardis attending the University of Virginia: "Sam Clay Ward, of Paris, Ky., isone of the bulwarks in the line forthe University of Virginia footballteam. This is Ward's second yearon thev Varsity, and his defensivework has been responsible for thegood showing of Virginia againstsuch rivals as Princeton, Washington and Lee, Georgia an,d JohnsHopkins. Ward, like his brother,James Clay Ward, captain of Virginia In 1916, had his early footballexperience at Kentucky Military Institute, where both of them wereregulars in the lineup. In additionto his work on the football team,Ward is captain of the wrestlingteam and a member of the tracksquad.'oTO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERS OFTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDconducted by Rev. T. S. Smylie, TI7TTT Tmam -Di?m?.riiTKrrt at mm?nhnrMi I muuAUf xwv aj "7Pleasing romance of the West andt fVnowYa on the T f a 2? . H?SS'Little Old New York," of a littleily lot in the Paris Cemetery. TheADDAMSow uuuiiu WaiiLu lu ue a cow- paiibearers were Albert Stewart,boy and of a coward who became a'Mason Jacoby j p rparker, w.hero without intentionally doing fc Thomas, Willis Jacoby andit. It is a brisk Dhotonlav cram-'ni.. -o,i. I IH IIUK nH4l IIIIMImea witn tnrnis and love galore.One simply cannot help but enjoythe entertainment, which thischarming star affords. William Addam aged sevenor Wednesday the offering atjty-two, retired business man ofthe Alamo ahd the Grand will be Cynthiana, died Friday at mid"The Spanish Jade," one of the night, at his home in that city, folmost entertaining . and genuinely lowing a short illness. Mr. Adlikeable stories of Spanish life ever' dams was one of the best-knownfilmed. The story is a stirring ro-j business men in Central Kentucky,mance of a beautiful girl and a and was one of the organizers ofmodern Don Quixote, and was act- the first Burley tobacco pool in theually filmed in Spain. Included in 'state in 1904. He took an activethe cast are such well-known play- interest in local and State politics,ers as David'.Powell aoid Marc Mc-.and at one time -was a candidate forDermott. It is safe to predict that'he Democratic nomination for Govthis film picture will receive a gra-!ernor. and was a member of thecious welcome from the Paris playgoers.RED CROSS ENROLLMENTSBourbon county has more JuniorRed Cross enrollments than anyother county in the State, according to a statement given out byMiss Inez Caudill, local Red CrossSecretary.The following schools are enrolled in this county: White Clintonville, Hutchison, Colville, Monterey, Bethlehem, Escondida, SpearsMill, Stony Point, Eales, Letton,Mcllvaine, Kiserton, Ruddles Mills,,Palmer, Fords Mill, Deaver,, CaneRidge Houston and Clay's CrossRoads; Colored Clintonville, LittleRock, Brentsville, Currentville, Ruddles Mills, and Western HighSchool, Paris. North" Middletownhas four and Center-Hill two en, rollments, .making a total of fortysix rooms enrolled. CoRABBITS ON MARKETDemocratic State Central Committee. He was interested in al! pub-Thursday's offering on the silver lie improvements in Cynthiana, andscreen will be Dorothy Dalton, in was a member of several fraternalThe Woman Who Walked Alone," orders and the Christian church.Milton Sills and Wanda Hawley Mr. Addams is survived by hisappear in her support, with a large widow, who was formerly Miss Coraand excellent cast. In this picture V. Cook, of Cynthiana, and eightDorothy does a number of surpris- children, Mrs. P. R. Megibben,ing athletic stunts, which will be a ' Mrs. H. D. Frisbie, Jr. Mrs. Thos.revelation to her admirers. IE. King, Misses Cora V. and LucvAddams, and William Addams, Jr.,all of Cynthiana, and- Mrs. Thos.E. Moore, Jr., of Hazard; Cyrus C.Addams, of Bellevue, Ky.R. H. Hunt, of v the Bourbon Tne funeral was held at the fam-County High School at Millersburg, ! ilv borne in Cynthiana yesterdayoiuues lizul iue vjo-operative surley , "U1111"6 u-1 Lc:11 u tiu,;"-i wnu aei-Tobacco Association will send an ex- j vlces conducted by Rev. Clyde Darpert tobacco grader to Bourbon sie Pastor of the Cynthiana Chriscounty this week to give demon-! tian church. The interment folstrations in grading and classing lowed on the family lot in Battletobacco. The work will be Grove Cemetery.done in connection with the agriON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOAT OUR OFFICE BUILDING ONTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)CHRISTMAS SHOPPINGGRADING TO BE TAUGHTof the HighARNOLDcultural departmentSchoolThe first demonstration will begiven to-day in the gymnasium ofthe Crmnfv TTiMi 3i1irri -n tt,mj -...c". v-uuui, i.u. axn-,t, rA o jj- tt ji.i ilersburg, botb ;norning and after-':, f."u QrtIUilu"1 . 'noon. T.stPr i , . that Clt Sunday night, followingChristmas is just thirty-two'shopping "days away. That meansthat you should get busy now planning your shopping. Get an earlystart. It has long been admittedthat the Christmas buying seasoncould be void of much of the rushand push if everybody would begintheir shopping early.Many of the Paris merchantshave already received their Christmas goods, and are arranging attractive displays. They are alsoarranging for attractive advertisingin THE NEWS, which will tell ofj:he many nice bargains for Christman presents. Watch the advertising columns of THE NEWS soon,and you will be sure to get a lineon what and where to select yourChristmas presents.Another matter for your immediate action. Get your orders forChristmas greeting jsards in THENEWS office early, and be sure ofgetting them back in time. Do itnow delays are dangerous. Ourline of samples is the finest in themarket. ;oREAL ESTATE DEALSLODGE NOTESDon'ts forget the social session tobe held by the Pythian Sisters, inthe K. of P. lodge room on Thursday ngkt, November 23, the regular meeting night of RathboneLodge K. of P. All members arerequested to bring their wives,daughter or sweethearts.At the last meeting of the Supreme Lodge of Knights of Pythiassome important changes were madein the laws governing subordinatelodges. The most important is thenew law governing the action of thelodges regarding the failure to paydues and assessments. Under tneold laws a, --member failing to paydues until one year or more, wassimply (rrofrpfttl -for non-payment ofdues, but under the new law anymember in arrears for dues to theamount of one year and failing topay s'ame when notified by the Master of Finance will have chargespreferre4 against him and will beeither suspended for an indefiniteperiod or expelled All members of.Rathbone Lodge No. 12, K. of P.,are requested to attend the lodge atthe first opportunity . or call onThomas M. Funk, Master of Finance, and settle old arrearages andget full information regarding thenew laws df the order.C. M. PLUMMER, C. C.JNO. K .CAHAL,,K. of R. & S.oNOW IS THE BEST TIMEBOUSBOH FARM C0XDITI0KSNow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards -whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be Jiadand will be glad to show them toyou. dome in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.After severaL w'eeks of waitingfarmers of Bourbon county have atlast begun stripping out their tobacco crops. Slow rain Tuesday andWednesday, and another Saturdaywas general all over the county,and brought most of the weed "in'case." A great deal of the tobaccowas taken down and stripping willcontinue in full swing through theweek, even if there is not anotherdamp spelL The crop is in good'condition and is expected to makean unusually good appearance onthe market. The farmers are relying on their tobacco crvop, expectedto bring good prices largely as theresult of the efforts of the Co-operativeAssociation', to make up to a.large extent for the near-disastercause by the drouth of the pastsummer.Last week saw the opening of thehunting season. Many farmers haveposted their farms and refuse topermit hunting. The sportsmenhave had fairly good luck, and report rabbits plentiful but not somany quail.All of the corn crop has been deposited in the cribs, and the pricesbeing offered for the grain has inthe main, been very satisfactory.While the rains of the past weekhave helped the tobacco businessthey have not materially helped thefarmers who have livestock to takecare of. The wheat, rye and barleyhave been benefitted by the rains.Cover crops are being used for pastTare now in order to make them morehardy for the winter season..COMFORTS AND QUILTSLow prices on comforts and quiltsatTHE LEADER STORE.9 DAYS MOREin which to pay CountyTaxes. Come early andavoid the Penalty.)NOTICEThe Sheriff's office willbe kept open until 9:00p. m. on Saturday, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, Nov. 25, 27, 28and 29, to accommodatethose who are too busyto come during the day.M. PEALE COLLIER: S. B. C.Contractor R. O. Duncan hasEzekiel Clay Arnold, aged broken Sround for tlie erection of a"fifty-one, one of the best-known Handsome brick bungalow on Scottrailroad men in Cincinnati, died at avenue Ior Mrs' iU"1- T- Arnol(lrormer otaie Jttegent or tne u. a. t.,who recently moved to Paris fromCovington.Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky are"flooded" with rabbits this year, according to late reports, but the "bunnies seem to be scarce in Paris.On the local markets they are selling at fifteen and twenty cents atretail, with plenty of takers, thechoice ones being ready sale. Onthe Cincinnati markets rabbitswere selling at $1.10 per dozen.Thousands of rabbits are shippedfrom Kentucky to Cincinnati,, andthe local markets get wat is yleft.oGIFT SHOP SALEThe ladies of the Christian churchwish to remind the public of theirGift Shop sale to be held Decern-"ber 8 and 9 in the offices of theParis Realty Company, on Mainstreet. The, numerous attractivearticles made during the year atthe all-day sewing, together withthe personal gifts from the ladiesof the church, assure the 'public ofa big sale. The committee asksthat all personal gifts be sent 'toEd. T. HiatoH or Mrs. 'GeorgeClay, "by Thursday, NovemberTliaakscivia Day.EbTa.rpr in tho -vtroQlr- ilamnnstrations will be given at Paris, T T T stoI?acn ir0UDAe.Ruddles Mills, Clintonville, Little ' M' Arnld underwent an operationRock, Center-Hill and other points. the h0Spitfl laSt w?.ek. He wa, s .recovering when complications setTOUCH 'OF WINTERin unexpectedly Sunday night andcaused his, death a few hours later.Mr. Arnold was the son of the lateThe first touch of winter appear- Co1- James M. Arnold, and Elizaed here yesterday, when, following. Talbott Arnold, both natives ofthe rains of Saturday and Sunday, Paris. Col. Arnold died at his homethe mercury took a tumble and de- in Newport some years ago. Startscended in the tube below freezing' in& in as a clerk in the Louisvillepoint. The sudden cold snap was & Nashville office thirty years ago,accompanied by a high wind Sun- Mr. Arnold, by close applicationday night and yesterday morning, ' and attention. Coupled with a natuwhich made pedestrians hustle a lit- j ral aptitude for the railroad busitle bit more than their usual leis-1 ness, worked his way up throughurely gait. The cold snap, though ! minor positions until he becamecoming suddenly, did no serious General Agent of the L. & N., indaniage. Our Florida and Califor- Cincinnati, which he held for thenia readers may now get some con-.Past fifteen years, and in' which caseation for seeking sunny climes ' pacity he was serving previous toearlier in the season.TURN 'EM DOWNhis illness and death. In this capacity he became widely knownamong the railroad men, and had anv extensive acquaintance. "He was aIf you believe in Paris and its in- man of the most genial impulsesStltutionS and hllsinpSR Pntprnn'aoc '-nrtt. ;n ji4.i 4.x. .jyou should turn from your doors 'innrip hi n hnRf nf friomiQ ,-n w.o"the bell ringers and peddlers of 'ever circle he happened to be. HeunreHable "merchandise" offered was a nephew of Col. Brent Arnold,you at apparently reduced prices. General Freight Agent and Super"Where do you expect to find the intendent of the L. & N. Mr. Arpeddlar when the article you buy f'nold married Miss Jessie Turney,proves not to be what he or she; daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Amosrepresented it to be? Buy f rom , Turnev. Sr.. of neaK-Paris V ,your local merchants who are here Mr. Arnold is survived bv histne whole year arouna to make widow, Mrs. Jessie , Turney Arnold,good their every claim, and who ad- his mother and sister, Mrs. .Eleanor'vertise to the world what they Talhott Amnid anri njio- or,a.hart. "Trade At TTnmM J " V '.i-ia vAv. - V 'i- - -vl-..UNDERWEARMusingweaV Underwear and othermakes.THE LEADER STORE.-oNEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HASV BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)Visit Our StoreWhen in Need of Ladies',Misses' and Children's 'COATSSpecial Bargain Week Prices;See and Save 'atTwin4 Bros. Dept. Store"THE BANK OF SERVICE"N.The Test of CharactertfjTThe' president of a big corporation gave this' juthis reason why his company employee salesmen on a commission basis only: v ,J ' 'It's the best test of character we can apply.jllf a jnan hasn't saved enough money tocarry himself a month or so he's rarely thekind who can measure up to the opportunitywe offer."JITWhy not; take a fixed amount out of yourJ salary every pay day and put it to work inan interest bearing account at this bank?, It will then enable you to grasp opportunitywhen it comes.flTPay yourself1 first it's the sensible thingTllto do.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Coal Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITSv $165,000.00jAA CHAS. S. GOLDSTINEAjprntr stvun ana Mun strttaTry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe Print- Amy thing'Any TimeAll WorkDeliverOn TiaeeTHCNEWi JOB DEPARTMENTW .; :m Mt& f K ri&':ywPARIS, KY.. ' '"nfivA.NXaV; -v.4-:'s -rTuesday. November 21, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKY-- -v-V -.frmtj H " tmiiPAGBFITOf"GIFTS THAT LASTwSUITS! SUITS!$39.50 fur trimmed or plainsuits for ? 2 5:00 atTHE LEADER STORE.SALE OF EDIBLESThe Jane Cree Bose Circle of theFirst Baptist Church of taris willhave a sale of edibles on Saturday,November 25, in the offices of theParis Realty Company, on Mainstreet.PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some TonKnow tad Others TonDon't.CHUECH PIE SUPPEEA pie supper will be given at. theSpears Mill Baptist church, on Friday, November 24. The proceedswill be used for the benefit of thechurch fund. The public is cordially invited to attend.oCHILDREN'S COATSThe nicest courtesy you canshow, your guests is to havetheir visits mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends Isto let them learn of your, visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item of anykind. Telephone it to No.124'.Children's Coats atTHE LEADER STORE.SYMPATHY EXTENDEDAt a meeting of the Kentucky IceManufacturers' Association v held inLouisville last week, a resolutionwas adopted regretting the death ofJ. R. Solar, of Paris, president ofthe Paris Ice Manufacturing Company, and extending sympathy xH;ohis family.Mr. Solar made a host of friendsin Paris by his friendly dispositionand good business qualifications.He was a man whom everyone likedand whose untimely death was sincerely regretted by all.oTO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERS OFTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OURPLOUR MILL AND HEMP HOUSEON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOAT OUR OFFICE BUILDING ONTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)RED CROSS PRIZESThe Bourbon County Red CrossChapter is offering a complete Red, Cross first-aid kit to the school inBourbon county which produces themost attractive health booklet. Instructions for making these booklets, according to Miss Inez Caudill,Secretary, would be furnished bythe Red Cross Chapter.Any child who has not alreadygraduated from the eighth grademay compete. In addition to thelarge school kit, the Chapter is alsooffering a small personal kit to thechild in each school whosg bookletreceives the highest number ofpoints.GOOD OYSTERSTry our, oysters and see the difference. C. P. COOK & CO.NEW TRAIN 'ON L. & N.With the addition of a newtrain on the Louisville & Nashvillerecently installed in service, thereare now six passenger trains, threearriving andhree departing, in theforenoon, and three in the afternoon. All are dailj with the exception of one, which does not runon Sundays.The Louisville & Nashville hasrecently contracted with the American Locomotive "Works, of Richmond, Va., for forty-two engines ofthe "Mikado" type for use in thefreight service on the Kentucky division. Four of the engines havearrived and placed in service hauling coal from the Kentucky mines.TURKEYSWE WILL OPEN TO RECEIVETURKEYS FOR THE THANKSGIVING MARKET COMMENCING ONMONDAY, NOVEMBER 13.BRENT & CO., (Inc.)(nov7-tf) ' . Both Phones 14.9 oTHANKSGIVING FOR THEPITALHOS-The annual Thanksgiving Dayapproaches andv with it comesthoughts of "shut-ins" at the Massie Memorial Hospital. Thosis incharge will" gratefully receive donations of the things so useful theretowels, table linens, preserves,lard, flour, apples, potatoes, eggs,foodstuffs of all kinds, and all thethings that housekeepers know tobe useful to such an institution.If you prefer you can give money,much or little as you will.Whether you have a donation ornot, visit the Hospital onNovem-'ber 29. the day before Thanksgiving. Bring you donation, if youhave, one. If you haven't one,bring yourself Donations wHl begratefully received and acknowledged.Mrs. B. J. Clay and Mrs. Wm.Remington were recent guests ofMrs. Wm. Howard, in Carlisle.Miss Sue Johnson went toHuntington, West Va., Saturday, tobe with her sister, Mrs. VirgilChandler, who underwent a surgicaloperation there recently.Misses Gay Payne, RebeccaPayne, Nell Clay and Lucy Ferguson, who are attending HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, spent ' theweek-end as guests of their parents. Mr. and Mrs. Sam Hardingwere hosts Friday night for a dinner-bridgeat their home near CaneRidge. The guests included members of the County Bridge Club anda few invited guests.Mrs. Charlton Alexander, ofParis, Mrs. Charles Coleman andMrs. D. L. Moore, of Harrodsburg,were recent guests of their brothers, Dudley M. Ball, Howard Balland John Ball, in Versailles.Mrs. J. P. Chenault was host toa beautiful luncheon last week honoring her house guest, Mrs. Benj.Buckner, of Paris. Covers were laidfor Mrs. Buckner, Mrs. Cecil Oldham, Mrs. Overton Harber and herguest, Mrs. John W. Yerkes, Josephine Chenualt and Elizabeth Turley.Mrs. Rudolph Davis has returned from Cincinnati and is improving at her home dn East Seventhstreet, after an operation for removal of tonsils.Beautifully engraved invitations worded as follows, have beenissued:"Mrs. Harry B. ClayMrs. Samuel W.' WillisMrs. J. W. YoungMiss Frances ClayFriday, November twenty-fourthfrom to o'clock."R. S. V. P. "Oakland."Mr. and Mrs. Harry O. Jameshave returned from a visit to thelatter's sister, Mrs. CrittendenYoung, in Ovingsville. - While inOwingsville Mrs. James attendedthe bridge party given by Mrs. T.S. Shrout at the home of heidaughter, Mrs. Shanklin Piper,who assisted in entertaining.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Crump,of Paris, attended the reunion ofmembers of the Prewitt family heldnear Mt. Seerling last week, at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Arch Prewitt. The affair was in the natureof a reunion to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of Mr. and Mrs.Prewitt!'s marriage. An elaborateand delicious menu was served.The Lexington Herald's societycolumns Sunday had the followingregarding a beautiful society eventof Friday:"Mrs. James Campbell Cantrillentertained beautifully with aluncheon in the palm room of thePhoenix Hotel. There were decorations of palms and ferns in theante-room where the guests were..recefved, and Mrs. Cantrill was assisted in entertaining by her daughter, Mrs. Elgin Morrison. The longtables were arranged at right anglesand had many lovely baskets of yellow and russet chrysanthemums tiedwith bows of yellow gauze. On asmall round table in the center ofthe room there was an immensewhite willow basket of yellow chrysanthemums, -r"The menu was elaborate, consisting of oyster cocktails, roast turkey, fruit salad, ices, cakes, etc.,and the little cakes were frostedwith an initial. The name cardswere dainty ' scenes, emblematic ofthe Thanksgiving month."The guests were: Mrs. Edwin PMorrow, Mrs. James C. ,Cafrick,Mrs. Cecil Cantrill, Mrs. G. P. Mor-ison. Mrs. Elgin Morison, Mrs.Thomas Comes, Mrs. Wendell Morison, Mrs. Samuel Shackleford, ofFrankfort, Mrs. Churchill Blackburn, Mrs. W. H. Coffman, Mrs.Margaret Brent Adkins, Mrs. JECinze,a Stone, Mrs. Victor Bradley, Mrs.John Gano, Miss Mamie Stone,Mrs. James Askew, Mrs. Robert Davis, Mrs. Robert Prewitt, all ofGeorgetown; Mrs. Arthur Cray,Mrs. Wickliffe Preston, Mrs. Preston Johnson, Mrs. Lyman Chalkley,Mrs. Roger Williams, Mrs. RobertM. Bryan, Mrs. Daniel Bryan, MissLida Clay Ingels,"-Mrs. John C, Lewis, Mrs. Samuel M. 'Wilson, Mrs.Frederick H, von Engelken, Mrs.Christopher D. Chenault. Mrs. William Rodes, Mrs. EdWrd L. Hutchineon, Mrs. George C. Webb, Mrs,Henry M. Bosworth, Mrs. CharlesWellington Burt, Mrs. James H.Thompson, of Paris, Mrs. Jere Tarlton, Mrs. Richard C. Stoll,s Mrs.Arch. L. Hamilton, Mrs. VictorDodge Mrs. Paul Williams, Mrs.George R. Mas tin, -Mrs. Spence'Summers Carrick,, Mrs. Francis wNe-vitt, Mrs. Bullitt McCoun, MissMary Bryan."- Mrs. Barnett Winters is visiting relatives in Lexington.Mrs. John Yerkes has returnedfrom a visit to' Mrs. Overton Harber, in Richmond.Dr. George S. Varden has goneto Miwogco Mineral Springs, nearMilan, Indiana, for a ten-days' sojourn. Mr. and Mrs. Colliver C. Daweswere recent guests at the home ofthe former's parents, Mr. and Mrs.B. A. Dawes, in Lancaster.Mrs. James H. Thompson andMrs. A. B. Hancock will be guests ofMrs. Edwin P. Morrow, Tuesday, atthe Governor's Mansion, in Frankfort. Miss Anna Belle Ward, localmanager of the Alamo and Grand,has returned from New "York,where she has been on a businessmission.Mrs. Benjamin Forsythe Buckner and little daughter, Elizabeth,have returned home after a visit to,the former's father, Edgar Blanton,in Richmond.Mrs. W. Hoffman Wood has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling after a visit to the family ofher father, H. Clay Whaley, on Cypress street.Dr. Marmaduke Brown has returned home after spending theweek-end with hjs sister, Mrs. JohnJ. Rice, and Dr. Rice, at theirhome in Danville.Miss Julia Woods of Paris.will take part in a radio concert atthe Courier-Journal and LouisvilleTimes broadcasting station in, Louisville, ,on December 11.Mrs. James W Thompsonguest of her father, Mrinenauit, on Ashland avenue, inLexington, during the absence ofMrn Thompson, who is on a huntingtrip in the western part of theState.Among those from Paris whoattended the funeral of Mrs. Wm.Lindsay in Frankfort, last week,were Mrs. James M. Arnold, MissSophie Arnold, Mrs, Wm. G. Talbott, Mrs. Lucy Blythe Simms MissBettie Holt and Miss Nellie Buckner. 1 ,Mrs. John W. Yerkes, of Paris,who was a guest the past week ofMrs. Overton Harber, in Richmond,attended the bridge party given byMrs. Hood Garden, Mrs. HarryHanger and Miss Dorothy Perry,in compliment to Mrs. BenjaminForsythe Buckner of Paris, and other guests.Lexington Herlad: "Miss Nattlie Woodfruff, who was teaching atthe High School in Paris, has hadto resign her position, and go toher home in Eminence on accountof 'illness. Her resignation was notaccepted, and she was granted leaveof absence until she ' recovers, asthe principl of the school is verymuch pleased with her work, andliopes she may be able to return toner duties at an early date."(Other Personals on Page 3)v1SOvertonThe busy man is usuallyable tofind time to do the things that actually need to be done.There should be some satisfaction in being .able to value friendswithout being tempted to use them.WOOL HOSEAre Popular Nowx Ours are the PopularINTERWOVENAND WILSON BROS.Ribbed in Solid and HeatherColors75cSilk and Wool Mixtures inand Clocked$1 .00Silk and Wool, Ribbed andClocked of Finest Camel's Hair$1.50IIAVAtVf IwIf it comesfi;om Dexvisit" is ridhtTHERE IS NO ESCAPEFrom the Cold Wintry DaysThat are Bound to Come!The) thing to do then is to prepare forthem. We are contributing our bitby selling our Suits, Overcoats, Underwear and other accessories at thelowest prices possible (which meansthat they are competition proof).SUITS AND OVERCOATS$15.00-$18.00-$20.00$22.50-$24.50- $29.50Remarkable ValuesA:'IT'S OUR TREAT to the MOVIESLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 610 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"SPECIAL SALE OF 9x12 WALTONA RUGSFOR SATURDAY, NOYEMBER 25th, AT ' ,JLS1395jThese rugs are ail of FIRST QUALITY no seconds. We are showing every rug in vthe line; you cannot afford to miss this bargain This rug is fine for the kitchen,dining or breakfast room and is well worth $1 7.50. The sale is for one day onlyid is for CASH ONLY.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertaklncrxji.Ui- X';is"V?PAGiEfsnt? "- -i -1 nwrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY1 tl'WU'W'WTUESDAY. NOVEMBER 2JL, 1922.FATHER AND SONBOTH RESTOREDBY TANLAC"Tanlac certainly gives a lot forthe money," said W. E. Reese, wellknown grocer of 313 North Collegestreet, Carlisle, Pa."Following a bad case of flu I-found myself in such a weak, nervous, run-down condition I couldhardly attend to business. I was inthis shape a year and could makeno headway towards getting backmy strength. My stomach was allout of order. I had no appetite,and weighed only a hundred andtwenty-two pounds."A few bottle of Tanlac gave mecomplete health with a gain ofthirteen pounds. I also have atwelve-year-old son in school whohad a nervous trouble and was inTery bad shape. Soon after startingiim on Tanlac his trouble disappeared and he also gained ten ortwelve pounds. Tanlac certainlygives the desired results."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists, (adv)SEEK IN LONDON'CRIME NAPOLEON'Scotland Yard Believes Superman of Underworld Is Directing Robberies.GEM THEFTS ON INCREASETHE ARKANSAW TRAVELEROUTDONEThe Arkansaw Traveler found aman whose meat house had no roofbecause no roof was needed when itwas not raining and when it wasraining it was impossible to put ona roof.The first heavy rainfall of theseason puts out sundry forest firesin Southern Indiana, where considerable damage was done as long asthe weather remained dry.Much of the blue haze whichesthetic wanderers across field andwoodland find fascinating during aperiod of clear and unseasonablywarm autumn weather is driftingsmoke from forest fires which arenot put out till it rains.States, which, because of inadequate forest service, cannot' copewith the seasonal forest fires, andStates, like Kentucky, which arewithout forest service, outdo theArkansan in unthrift.Kentucky outdoes all other States,for Kentucky stands quite alone asa State which took a step towardby instituting a Forest Commissionand then took a backward step,abolishing the commission withoutany constructive purpose whatever.CORNSLift Off with Fingersu' Av tDoesn't murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)IRISH CLAIM AMERICAIreland claims that one of hersons discovered America and is beginning to ask why the world givesColumbus the credit for it.It is just 430 years since Columbus' claim was established to hisown and the world's satisfaction.Ireland claims, however, that St.Bernand, an Irishman, made thediscovery nine centuries before Columbus even sighted the Bahamas.The very earliest annals tell of thevoyage of St. Bernard to the western world, and it is now claimed byIrishmen that the traditions of thisgreat voyage inspired Columbus inhis great enterprise.The Scandinavian chroniclers,they say, support Ireland's claimand tell of the Irishman and Norsemen being visitors to Hintramannaland, which some called "IrelandIil Mikla," or Great Ireland.oTry to Use Waste Gases..German experimenters are trying-to iacrease plant growth by the usef waste carbon dioxide from motorsa&4 furnaces, fed to the soil as a fert Mil ii i through perforated pipes.Recent Big Robberies So WellPIanhedand Executed That Police Can DoLittle More Than SuspectAuthors.London. Police are seeking in thiscity the head of what is said to be aremarkable group of internationalcriminals. A veritable "Ntipoleon ofcrime" is believed to have establishedhis headquarters here. He is allegedto command a well-organized band ofinternational crooks, every one ofwhom is a past master of every formof nefarious craftsmanship known inthe underworld. They include men ofeducation, scientific attainments andsocial charm. Under leadership oftheir mysterious chief they are credited with conducting burglaries, cracking safes and committing costly jewelrobberies that baflle detection. Theyare declared to work in accordancewith plans of campaign prepared bythe master mind with all the .skill ofa great military strategist.Gem Robberies Increase.Several papers print this story withvarying degrees of sensationalism.Of late there has been an increasingnumber of jewel robberies. As a result an insurance company which insures a good deal of valuable jewelryhas increased its premiums chargedon this class of risks by 25 per cent.J. "W. Bell, one of London's leadingassessors, says that many recent bigrobberies have been so well plannedand executed that the police can dolittle more than suspect the authors."The people who engineer thesecrimes are not the ordinary type ofthief," Mr. Bell says. "There is morethan one real Raffles in existence today. They hunt society gatherings,and in the hotels they are popular'guests."I know one man who has a townaddress, a country house near Bournemouth, and two fine motors cars, whois more than suspected of complicityin some of these great robberies, butup to the present there has never beenthe slightest chance of connecting himwith any of them.Thief Worth $150,000."He is of good appearance, alwayswell dressed and would, in the ordinary way, be accepted as a guest at thehouses of wealthy people."I know one instance in which adirector of thieves is reputed to beworth $150,000. Another successfuldirector is a woman who has a university education and a cultured andcharming personality."The victims, both in hotels and atprivate houses, often are watched andshadowed for days before a suitableopportunity for the robbery occurs. IImay easily cost $1,000 or $1,500 tomeet the expenses of a successful hauland the big thieves require frequentrobberies to maintain themselves.STRIKE COST $45 A FAMILYCoal Tieup Meant $1,190,000,OOCI Loss, Says Mine CongressSpeaker.Cleveland, O. The recent strike inthe coal industry caused a total loss ol$1,190,000,000, J. G. Bradley of Dundon, W. Va., former president of theNational Coal association, declarechere in an address before the annualconvention of the American Miningcongress.Resolutions condemning the paternalistic attitude of the governmentdeploring the entrance of governmenlinto private business enterprises ancurging Industrial co-operation betweenlabor and capital as a means of increasing production, augmenting prosp"erlty and lowering prices were introduced.According to Mr. Bradley, the loss Iewages by the United Mine Workers oiAmerica, as estimated by the AmericarEducational association, was $450,000,000, the loss to railroads over $360,000,000, the loss to the public in thcost of fuel $400,000,000 and the losito the mine operators $40,000,000."If every family in America were tpay $45 it would barely gover thisloss," Mr. Bradley said.COOLNESS SAVES MAN'S LIFE'MAMMA' OLDEST WORDUtterance by Baby Is EntirelyMechanical, Expert Says.THE TROLLY LINKCalling of "Mother" by Infant FiveMinutes After Birth Due to Accident and Not Supernatural,Doctor Declares.New York. "Mamma" is one of theoldest words in the world. It is thefirst unconscious utterance given bya child.This is because "m" is the simplestconsonant in the alphabet and comesforth when the infant simply opens hislips. The air rushes into his mouthand goes through clearly, producingthe sound with no effort on the partof the child. And "a" ig the simplestvowel in the alphabet, which is responsible for the "ma-ma," whichbrings so much delight when it comesfrom the lips of an infant.Development of the trolly system in Kentucky appears to be at astandstill. Only an interveninggap, of twenty miles separates theinterurban service out of Louisvillefrom the trolly lines that radiate inCentral Kentucky, yet the projectof connecting the system seems tobe more remote than ever.The missing link from Shelbyvilleto Frankfort has been built on paper many times, but never has asingle spade been used in actualconstruction operations. At onetime it was announced that everyfoot of the right of way had beenobtained and the necessary financial arrangements made for theearly completion of the connecting;line. The project, however, fellthrough and has be,en abandoned,according to the promoters. JNothing would bring CentralKentucky into closer touch with themetropolis than the building of theSAY "BAYER" when you buy AspirinT- to 1-iwfortflTT rtnaalttlo -frtf TYintlxr I,n, f vi nM , . ; short stretch of track necessary tochildren to repeat this syllable ma-ma, j 'immediately after birth, and hasoften happened. It is perfectly possible, too, that the new-born infantson of Mrs. Peter Zoute of MasonCity, la., cried "mother" five minutesafter he was born."That may have happened throughan accident, not for any supernaturalconnect tne two interuroan systems. Sentiment has very little todo with building a railroad, but theapparent (certainity that this onewould prove a paying venture fromthe start would seem to have madeit a reality long ago.Eventually, in keeping pace withUnless you see theAame "Bayer'on package or on tablets you arenot getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians overtwenty-two years and proved safeby millions for colds, headache,earache, neuralgia, lumbago, rheumatism, neuritis, and for pain in.general. Accept only "Bayer""package, which contains proper directions. Handy boxes of twelvetablets cost few cents. Druggistsalso sell bottles of 24 and 100.Aspirin is the trade mark of BayerManufacture of Monoaceticacidesterof Salicylicacid. (adv)3reasons Although the letters W in gtate development, if is pointed outcause pronounced in the back of theSthat here mU be nnPeded toolmouth, a slight twist of his vocal transportation facilities fromchords may have brought it forth." one section of Kentucky to another.This is the explanation given by i This cannot come until trolly cars(Dr. Raymond Weeks, professor of phil-' run between Shelbyville and Frank-'ology at Columbia university, of the , fort.remarkable incident.Eleftheros, the Zoute infant, awokehis mother from unconsciousness andcaused the doctors and nurses to droptheir work in amazement by calling"Mother!" three times in successionfive minutes after he was ushered intothe world.NOW IS THE BEST TIMEDoctors and nurses at the hospitalbear out the mother's words, who wasawakened from her anesthesia by thecall of her infant, and can offer noexplanation for the remarkable phenomena. "It, is a combination of mother loveand telepathic communication with theunborn," asserted the mother of thechild, in discussing the matter with areporter."When I went under the ether mylast word was 'mother.' I rememberthat more distinctly than anything elseconnected with the terrible ordeal thatfollowed. Suddenly I seemed to getan answer, an answer of assurancefrom some one. Now I am convincedthat a communication had been setup between me and my baby eventhen."I am a firm believer in telepathy,and I believe that its basis is love.Up to this time my mother has beenthe only one who has been able to receive my psychic messages. She is inFlorida now. It is possible that herreciprocal power has been transferredto my baby."An entirely different theory was advanced by Dr. Albert Poffenberger, Jr.,associate professor of psychology atColumbia university, in discussing theevent with a representative of theWorld."There is nothing startling about it,"said Doctor Poffenberger. "It is purely a mechanical reaction when a newborn child cries 'mamma.' It is merely the air rushing through the vocalchords when the infant opens itsmouth. It is naturally the first sounduttered, and is not prompted in response to the maternal instinct. Itis purely mechanical."I would strongly doubt, however,that any child could cry 'mother.' "Now is the best time to delectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toJ you. come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DE-PROGRKSS!The Louisville Home Telephone Company now serves26,000 subscribers and finds it necessaryxto spend onemillion dollars during the next year, increasing their facilities to take care of future growth of the LouisvilleSystem.We render the same Central Energy service under thesame management at Paris.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedViirPARTMENT.What a wonderful world to livein, where no two mornings are thej same.LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING"COLLAPSES" A BOY'S LUNGDoctor Removes Needle SuccessfullyFrom Pleural Cavity in Unusual Operation.New York. William Constable, atwelve-year-old student at the EthicalCulture' school, was discharged fromRoosevelt hospital, where he had aneedle removed from the left side ofthe pleural cavity.On September 6, while getting off atruck whose driver had given him aride to Central park, the boy rubbedagainst the truck and a needle that hehad in his coat entered his body. Hewas taken to the hospital and an operation was performed by Dr. Henry W.Cave of 51 East Fiftieth street. It wasa delicate piece of surgery, for tfierewas danger of the needle entering theheart. One of his lungs had to be "collapsed," but both were functioningwell when he left the hospital.Catches Hold of Feed Wire Carrying22,000 Volts, Keeps His Headand Breaks Circuit.New York. George B. Wagner, arelectrician of Dorchester, Mas., caughihold of a feed wire carrying 22.00Cvolts while working on defective wiring in the power house of the NewYork Central railroad at Locust avenue and One Hundred and Forty-thircstreet.The wire was loose and came tWagner's chest, but instead of trylnjto pull himself away he dropped slowljto his knees, pulling the wire dowi;with him until he was able to touclthe concrete floor with his elbowsThis broke the circuit and Wagneiwas thrown loose from the wire.He was sent to Lincoln hospitalwhere he was treated for burns abouthe hands, face and neck. He waiAble to work again a few days later.3Henry Clay's "Belfry"Really Full of BeesLexington, Ky. In the dayswhen Henry Clay was called"The Great Pacificator" as wellas a perpetual candidate for office, his political enemies accused him many times of "having bees In1 the belfry."Today that became a realitywhen it was discovered that thehollow stonehead ot the 'HenryClay statue over the tomb in thecemetery here where Clay is burled is full of bees. There is noway in which the bees can bedislodged unless a series of ladders can be used by men experienced In handling bees, and thismay be done. ,Uncle Henry writes again to the home folksabout the trip to Cincinnati:v Seems like Mary's been after me to drop you folks a line ever since mylast letter. I told her that I've written most every day but, as she says,picture postal cards don't count, I'm writing a real letter this time.Well, we've been to the Zoo. Mary says she took me there to keep mefrom talking about going. We saw the animals and might have heard anopera only -it was too late in the season for such.Walking around kind of tuckered me out, so while Mary was watchingthe monkeys, I dragged myself to a bench, filled my pipe with Burley, andjust sat back.Sitting: alongside of me. was another smoker. He kind of )nnWA pcthough he was also -taking a rest cure. Come to find out, that's just whatthe was doing-.Of course, sitting there, we got to swapping yarns. Seems like he andhis wife live on a farm in Clinton County and their reason for coming toCincinnati was almost the same as Mary's and mine."Jane and I," he says, "have been looking forward for some time to getsome of this city dust on our shoes. Primarily, Jane's here to fill up hertrunk with ammunition from the shops. But there's so many shops to select from, we just don't know where to begin."Now wasn't .that t,oo bad. Here 'they were in Cincinnati to do someshopping and not knowing where to begin. So I told him about Mabley's.Told him that he could start and finish his shopping there right under oneroof without having to worry about where to buy next. To think of anyonecoming to this city and not knowing about Mabley's.I certainly turned myself inside out telling him about that store. HowMary and I just about used it for our headquarters when we came to Cincinnati. "Why," I said, "it's real home like just to step inside the door. Everyone there's home folks. A friendly store that isn't too friendly."And I told him about the men's clothing department. Showed him thesuit I had on. That finished him. He was all for being in Mabley's then andthere to get one just like it."Wait till I get Jane," he says, "and we'll leave right away for thatstore. There she is over there talking with a woman." "Why, that's Mary,"I says, "and I can tell you what they are talking about. They are talkingabout Mabley's." I was right. Mary had gotten real friendly with his wifeand had been telling her all about the boys and girls department and otherdepartments of interest that only women can talk about.It was then about noon, so I suggested we all have lunch together atthe Mabley Annex and visit the different departments later.Mary's calling me now to go to a picture show or something, so 111leave you for the time being.X "'1'. &.&"'"- '-is WWrVTr t -i .Yours Truly,i-Henry.FARTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY ITU6.it per year on each $1.M of loan pays both principal and lattrcatAtk Judge George Bslttertonor People Deposit Bank JcEiHf Co pMii NMiddletown Depoeit Bank.North MiaWcmnTi lNO COMMISSIONSKentuckyJointStockLandBtnkSccvrity Tnitt BM.Lesfcattea, Ky.LOANSS, H 4 V- - rf,TI?ESDAY. NOVEMBER 21, 1822 mUEW Y01X WOKAN LEATHER OFD. OF C.Following election of nationalofficers at the morning session ofthe Daughters of the Confederacy,in Birmingham, Ala,, a luncheonat which each State was representedat a separate table and an autotour of the city, delegates to theannual convention of the UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy observed historical evening.A' lively fight developed in theannual election between Mrs. "W. E.B. Byrne, of Charleston, W. Va.,and Mrs. Chappell Cory, of Birmingham, for the office of recordingsecretary-general. Mrs. Byrne , waselected hy a -majority of 154 votes.Other officers elected were:President-general, Mrs. Livingston Rowe Schuyler, of New YorkCity.First vice-president-general, Mrs.Frank Harrold, of Americus, Ga.Second vice-president-general, Mrs.Frances E. Soss of Riverside, Cal.Third vice-president-general, Mrs.W. E. Massey, of Hot Springs, Ark.Corresponding secretary - general,Hiss Allie Gardner, of Ozark, Ala.Custodian of Flags and Pennants, Mrs. J. H. Crenshaw, ofMontgomery, Alabama.Treasurer-general, Mrs. T. J. Higgins, of St. Louis.Historian-general, Mrs. AndrewA. Lawton, of Charleston, S. C.Custodian of the crosses of honor, Mrs. W. H. Eastbrook, of Columbus, Ohio.Registrar-general, Miss Ida Powell, of Chicago, 111.STATE REJECTS ALL PRINTPAPER BIDSBids for supplying paper for theState printing were rejected by thePrinting Commission after severaladjourned meetings and inability tofigure out the comparative cost ofpaper as proposed by the LouisvillePaper Company of Covington. Arthur Doyle, assistant State auditor,said bids were made on a cost basiswith percentage increases if paperadvanced on the market. The Louisville Paper Company has the present contract. During the war,when prices went out of bounds,the State agreed to take it at costand not hold the company to thecontract. New bids will be invited.HOARY BRIDEGROOMSDisparity in ages counts little asa, barrier to matrimony in the mountain section of Kentucky, as shownthe other day when a 96-year-old.groom married a girl 16 years old,though as a rule there is less thaneighty years between the bride andthe groom.Pension investigators sent to themountain section found that manysuch marriages were contracted bywar veterans drawing large pensions that would go to their youthful widows after they were dead.Whatever the reason, there seemsnothing to prevent a mountain patriarch from finding a young woman who will take him as in .thecase of the late "Uncle John"Schell, who was survived by a widownearly a century his junior.When the Kentucky Legislatureten years ago passed the Confederate pension law, it took cognizance-of such a situation by making the-act retroactive in case of pension forwidows, excluding widows marriedsubsequent to 1890. This provisionof the Confederate pension act cutsout of a pension any widow thatbecame the bride of a veteran sincethat time.oA DECIDED INNOVATIONA decided innovation was the recent undertaking of the UnitedStates Department of Agriculturein using the rural mail carriers tomake a brood sow and pig survey ofK(entu(cky for report to Washington. Census figures are not yetavailable to show the adaptability ofthe new system in gathering livestock statistics."Whatever information was obtained hardly would compare in reliability with the data in the countyassessment lists taken as of September 1, this year. If he were so disposed, the farmer could tell the rural carrier anything about broodsows and pigs, but he had to swearto their number and value whenlisting his property for taxation.Under the circumstances statisticsbased on the assessment returns areregarded as more reliable than thosetaken in any other way.Many people object to giving information, and it is fair to assumetkat the mail carriers met withome rebuffs' in gathering data.Again., eome of the carriers mayMare had the notion that taking aporcine census was not in their linor calculated to Improve the relations with some of their patrons ontka mall route. Any such contingency necessarily worked againstctfteir efficiency In making; a surreyrt0t ts rrmsmt of aaybody'" ' ' ' l j. i.J.l !...... ..WARNING ODOR TODETECT GAS LEAKYale Scientists Experiment toFind Mixture That Will GiveNotice of Escaping Fumes.SEEK ANTIDOTE FOR ASPHYXIAArtificial Atmosphere 95 Per CentOxygen Called Best Method YetKnewn Doctors Breathe Gasto Test Cure.New York. Scientists of Tale university, who have been asked by theAmerican Gas association to discoversome means of reducing accidentaldeaths by asphyxiation, have developed a new technique for rescuingpersons overcome by gas and are alsoexperimenting with warning odors tomix with gas in order to make escaping fumes detected far more quicklythan at present.The most efficient warning odor sofar developed is a substance calledmercaptan. Dr. Yandell Henderson ofYale who, with Prof. Howard W. Haggard, has been in charge of these investigations, said that mercaptan hadan odor closely resembling that of theskunk, and that objections had beenmade against its use, in spite of itsadmitted high efficiency. One drop ofthe substance, which can be madesynthetically from coal tar, Is said tobe sufficient to diffuse a powerfulwarning odor throughout the GrandCentral terminal. Because of theenormous volume of gas used In thiscity any substance suited for the purpose of giving far and wide the alarmof leaking gas must be capable of communicating a sharp odor to an enormous volume of air or gas. When hewas reminded that a slight odor ofgas often hung about a gas jet orstove, Doctor Henderson said:"In good modern apparatus, thereshould be no trouble of that kind. Ifany substance is to be mixed with thegas to give it an od?r, it must be something strong enough to be noticed atonce."i Call Most Gas Deaths Suicide.So far no gas company has carriedthe experiment to 'the extent of furnishing mercaptan mixed with gas totheir customers. In spite of the admitted excellence of such a signal asa life-saver, the scientists held thatthe best practical method for cuttingdown accidental deaths in citiesthrough the use of gas was the requirement of a high standard of gasapparatus. The report of DoctorsHaggard snd Henderson to the American Gas association said:"The observations made by the authors during the investigation indicatethat a considerable number of thecases of fatal asphyxia recorded asaccidental in the Borough of Manhattan, New York city, are really suicide.The published figures for 1920 report124 suicides by gas out of a total of360 suicides ; they report also 189 fatalaccidental gassings out of a total of2,215 violent deaths, this total including 461 highway fatalities and 367falls from windows, elevators, etc. Inthe 813 deaths thus assigned to gas.suicides certainly contributed in reality a much larger proportion and theaccidental gassings were correspondingly fewer than these figures show.The average citizen of New York runsa much greater risk of losing his lifein a street accident or by a fall froma window or elevator than from asphyxia and he may reduce the (latterrisk practically to zero by the exercise of a Httle car.Blame Defective Apparatus.MIa fact, a large proportion of accidental fatalities arc due to obviouslydefective fixture, chiefly cheap, badlymade, old, wern, cracked, loose tubingbetweem the gas Jet aad stoves orbarmers f various sort. This is nota matter over which gas companiescan exercise any control."The experiments of the Yale scientists were reported as establishing thevalue of the administration to sufferers from gas poisoning of an artificialatmosphere composed of 5 per centcarbon dioxide and 95 per cent oxygen. The carbon dioxide in the human system, it is alleged, automatically regulates the action of the lungs.Carried by the blood to brain centers,controlling the breathing apparatus,the carbon dioxide stimulates breathing. Gas poisoning upsets this automatic control, because the carbondioxide which Is breathed by the victim has a chemical effect, destroyingmuch of the carbon dioxide normallyIn the bloodstream. The sufferer,therefore, quits breathing and, as hissystem is deprived of oxygen, he becomes asphyxiated.Doctors Henderson and Haggardand others voluntarily allowed themselves te be rendered unconscious bygas in order to prove the value oftheir carbon dioxide and oxygen mixture. Breathing these substances fromtanks, In which they were compressed,they were speedily restored, withoutthe ordinary after-effects of asphyxiation, according to their reports.After discussing the other methodsand explaining the earboa-dloxide andoxygen treatment, the report continues: "The pelat eamnet be tos stronglyemphasis that for treatmeat to beelective it must be applied 'at theartiest possible moment after tile victim is discovered and must reisers the Iekriea Moaoxtfe frwa lis ale am &&$ .,THE BOURBON NEWS,,ROME flOUSE HUNGRYShortage of Dwellings in EternalCity Serious Problem.On Hundred Thousand More RoomsAre Needed to House PopulationPeople Live in Immoral Con.dltions Because of Shortage.Rome. The "house hunger," as thelack of dwellings is called In Italian,is increasing in Rome. According toa statement by Doctor Raimondi, municipal councilor, Rome, a city of660,000 inhabitants, needs 100,000more rooms to house its population.The surplus of people is now livingin unhealthy and immoral conditions,Doctor Raimondi says. There aresome quarters of the city where eachroom is occupied by from six to eightpersons in the greatest promiscuity,and at Porta Metronia, one of thepoorest districts of Rome, 28 personsare living in thre rooms.Also at the very gates of Rome aportion of the population has revertedto the troglodytic period and lives inxgrottoes excavated in the hills, whileothers have built straw huts to housetheir families.t This state of affairs is a consequence of the war. On account of therise In the price of building materials,the construction of houses ceasedpractically entirely for about eightyears. The government has tried tomeet the situation by appropriating800,000,000 lire (at par $160,000,000),to be lent at 3 per cent to workmen,civil servants, etc., for the purpose ofhome building.Such amount, however, Is notenough, according to Doctor Raimondi, for It provides only for the construction of about 30,000 rooms. This,together with 10,000 rooms which arebeing built by private Individualswithout state subsidy, makes a totalof 40,000 rooms, leaving 60,000 moreto be built within the. next three years.A further subsidy of 600,000,000 lireIs being agitated.BY THE BOW-WOW MAIL LINEThis little Milwaukee lady wantedto send her puppy to grandma in thecountry. Having quite a knowledge olthe United States postal service andgreat faith In Its ability, she mailedthe puppy as shown above and specially requested that he be not tumbledabout In a mall sack. Not quite In accordance with regulations, but we mustnot say just what the postal authorities did with the baby canine. Wethink he reached his destination.BOY'S UNUSUAL EXPERIENCElack Snake, Pursue by HarvesterCrew, Seeks Refuge inley's House.NorichConn. Ray Davis, the sonof G. Warren Davis, had an unusualexperience with a black snake. Theboy was lying on the ground in thehay field where his older brother andother men were getting in the crop,when they ' stirred up a three-footblack snake.The snake made the best speed hecould to get to a place of safety, andas he looped along the ground spied arefuge In the bulging blouse of the boyand darted in through a gap where abutton was loose. Almost before theboy knew it the snake was wrappedaround his body inside the blouse.At once the haymakers knew thatsomething was happening? for the boylet out a yell that brought his brotheirushing to the spot. He snatched outthe snake and snapped its head off.Former Newsboy Becomes jj: President of Universityii Los Angeles, Cal. Fromf newsboy to university president Ii at the age of thirty-three is theI record of CJoyd Heck Marvin, fM. A., Ph. D. for more than1 three years dean and assistant ?? director of the University of! California's southern branch,? who was given a farewell lunch- Ieon by the Los Angeles cham- ?I ber of commerce, prior to hisdeparture for Tucson, Is b-I come president of tbe Unirer- tf .sity ef Arizona.PARIS, KENTUCKYMIIM,i"'IMKl,M"M""""eM"e"MM""MM"iBMK rK,pE? BESTField tests that have been carriedon in the State for a number ofyears to help farmers get biggercrop yields prove that rock phosphate is- one of the best sources ofphosphorous for thousands of acresof unlimed soils in Kentucky, soilsA !-1J-i- A A, - ..' Jctuu wuy specialists at tne uonegeof Agriculture say. Results fromfrom this material have been especially good on coal measure soils Inthe western part of the State andon the Waverley soils bordering theBluegrass region. Soils, in boththese regions have little or no natular linemeone in them. On thecoal measure soils, the average cropyields have been eight per cent,great from raw rock phosphate thanfrom acid phosphate when the sameoutlay of cash for fertilizers wasmade in both cases.On the field maintained by theKentucky Agricultural ExperimentStation at Greenville to representthousands of square miles of territory in the western coal fields, rawrock phosphate has made the yieldsof corn, wheat and soybeans onefourth larger than they were whenno treatment was given the soils.Theyield of clover on this field hasbeen moire than double by use ofthe rock phosphate. This field getsan application of 1,600 pounds ofraw rock phosphate an acre onceevery four years.Best results are obtained fromrock phosphate if the farmer usesit with the ' idea of permanentlymaking the soil richer. This material does not give quick results unless large quantities of it are usedat one application. The cash outlay for 1,000, pounds, which wouldbe about the right amount to put onan acre, would be bout ?5. However, this is enough fertilizer forfour or five years.Stable manure should be usedwith the rock phosphate when it isi applied to soils that are very poorI in order to furnish nitrogen andI humus. It is not uncommon to findsoils so badly fashed os so poor inhumus, -due to careless farming, thatno form of phosphorous would show'results. Building up the humussupply of these soils by using manure or growing lebumes is essential before good returns will comefrom phosphorous. i , uj.MfoCATARRHAL DEAFNESSis greatly relieved by constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis a constitutional remedy. CatarrhalDeafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. "When this tube is inflamedyou have a rumbling sound or imperfecthearing, and when it is entirely clbsed,Deafness is the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced, your hearingmav be destroyed forever.. HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of the system, thus reducing the inflammation andassisting Nature in restoring normal conditions. Circulars free. All Druggists.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.FAITHFUL UNTO DEATHRefusing to give up the vigil ithad kept for three days and threenights, "Spot." a mongrel .dog,brought about the recovery "of thebody of its master, who had beendrowned in the Ohio river at Cincinnati. William Eeining, according tohis widow, disappeared from homeas did the dog. Mrs. Eeinig looking from her home toward theriver, observed "Spot" waiting at apoint on the river bank where hehad been seen daily. Confining herfears to neirbors, the river wasdragged and Heinig's body was recovered. Mrs. Eeinig told police her husband had become despondent due toillnessQUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HabitNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break the habit. Whenever youhave a longing for a smoke or chew,iust nlace a harmless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire stops. Shortly the habit iscompletely broken, and you are better off mentally, physically, financially. It's so easy, so simple. Geta box of No-To-Bac and if it doesn'trelease you from all craving for tobacco in any form, your druggistWill refund your money withoutquestion. (tf)DON'T PUT IT OFFOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe oneVou want may be sold out.Come in, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. i oFate is ths easy axes oJ thosellrlio fsar toil, ", l; " - - page srnorFINEST CANDIESJIN ATTRACTIVE BOXES; AN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYttttE willv v y0U when you ,need our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.DOWN?'T-HE TTNLMERSAL CARLowest F. O. B. Prices in theHistory of the Companychassis $235.00Runabout, regular $269.00Touring, regular.... $298.00Track Chassis $360.00Coupe $53(00Two-Door Sedan $595.00Is. O. B. DetroitStarter remains $70.00: Demountables $25.00, when sup-plitd on open types. Closed types ,are priced With f(Starter ancDDemountaoies.fXasSKaBxasx;; BourbonI DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsS Telephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetId'JflKlSf KmsssV.' f ,f Tviv Im - bbbWJKEMvI The Bourbon LaundryParis,Bourbon News Advertisers Get Results-"counselEAGAIN. Jl. .s':.. 13isaRM-r'-? ri : h' K. i. -"PixiAi1X3LaundrySATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, .and solicityour patronage.Kentucjry5mlacasBM;v I? wi .. . jtwvji-4r. I,I TJ.' " "-v .Jy3-Jh'.VMdlUri ,tAtssiA'irtMLaaajfahr-rTHeNbOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKYPAGE EIGHTr-yi I,... ,.W-"! "",?'" ' ,TTJB8DAY. NOVEMBER M, 1S2IWLLERSBURG'VImtcrtiting Hews Items From Bourbon County's College Townf Miss Paxton, of Paducah, is the'Iguest of Mr. and Mrs. Julian Allen.Capt. John M. Hayes, of PortHand, Maine, has accepted a positionSeith Millersburg Military Institute.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mohr, ofCincinnati, were week-end guests of"Mrs. Martha Vimont and MissFlorence Vimont.Mr. and Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper,guests of Mr. and Mrs. Ashby Leer,Tiave returned to their home inHuntington, W. Va.Rev. George W. Nutter returned Saturday night -from Louisvilleand filled the pulpit of his church at-the morning service Sunday.The Lillian Johnson comedycompany, the next number of ithe'Lyceum Course, will be NovemberJ23, in the High School Auditorium.Mrs. Will Saunders entertained with a six-o'clock dinner andsix-handed rook, at the home on-the Ruddles Mills road, Friday-night.Mrs. Julian Allen has returned-.from a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Guy Briggs, in Frankfort,sand has as guest Miss Paxton, ofPaducah. v.If you want good bread get asack of Crown Jewel Flour from R."X. Powell, the leading Millersburggrocer. Both phones 91.j(10-9t)Misses Elizabeth -Boston, Doro--thyBonar, Jimmie Fisher and Francis Shannon, students at K. U.,Xexineton. were guests of home-!folks Sunday afternoon.The Epworth League of the"Methodist church gave a box supper last night in the MillersburgHigh School building. There was asood crowd out and the affair netted a nice sum for the Society.Friday. November 24, will be"'Home-Coming Day" at M. M. I.A. foot ball game will be played inthe afternoon between M. M. I. andK.M. I. The game will startpromptly at 2 p. m.LOST Hand grip, Friday-night, November 17, some where between Newtown and Millersburg."Finder please return toMISS LOUISE STONE,(It) Millersburg, Ky.Mrs. Sue Sandusky received amessage announcing the deathofjtfrs. James Batterton, in NewYork. Mr. Batterton is a formerresident of Millersburg, and amephew of Mrs. Sandusky.The Danville Advocate has the-following regarding a popular student at the M. M. I.: "News comes.from Millersburg, which states thatMr. Linn Swan, of this city, is notonly making good in his studies,Tmt is showing up splendidly on theWhen Cool DaysArrive, be prepared with a newOvercoatRaglan sleeves, belt allaround; in light anddark colors$18 to &55If you come and see usyou will never regret it.M1Price & Co.Clothiersand Furnishers4kwkmmnW IJiafootball teamN K. M. I. will playM. M. I. on the lafcier's field on November 24th: Thisiwillbe a greatgame, according to the forecasts."The M. M. I. cadets took partin the Armistice Day celebration inParis by joining the other patrioticbodies there, leaving here about 9o'clock that morning, arriving intime to take part in the parade.After the parade, they witnessedthe dedication of the soldiers andsailors memorial. A delightfulluncheon was served in the buildingby the ladies of Paris. The-cadetsfelt honored to know that they wereallowed to take part in this memorial occasion, and wish to expresstheir thanks to the people of Parisfor their kind hospitality while inParis. '" Prof. R. H. Hunt, of the Agricultural Department of the Millersburg County High School, has announced that the Burley TobaccoGrowers Co-operative Associationwill send " an expert tobacco graderto Bourbon county this week to givedemonstrations in grading andclassing tobacco. This work will bedone in connection with the agricultural department of the school.The demonstration will be givenTuesday, November 21, in thegymnasium of the sch6ol, bothmorning and' j&vening. Later in theweek demonstrations will be givenin Paris, Ruddles Mills, Clintonville, Little Rock and Center-Hill.oLITTLE ROCK ITEMSMr. and Mrs. Everett Hopkinshave returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Richmond Turley in Mt.Sterling.Mrs. C. E. Maxwell and children have returned to their homein Wilmore after a visit to Mr. andJesse Reed.Tobacco men have taken advantage of the rain, which broughttheir weed "in case," and are busystripping tobacco.. Lee R. Craven and family andJ. J. Prather and family wereguests recently of Mr. and Mrs.Nelson Sledd, in Winchester.Mrs." Allie McMillan and Mrs.Clarence Martin have returned totheir homes in Cynthiana after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Urmston and family.-prMr and Mrs. C. M. Reed, whomoved here from Wilmore, andopened a general merchandise store,have disposed of the business andmoved back to Wilmore.CENTRAL KENTUCKY COMMERCIAL EXECUTIVES MEETHarold F. Harris, secretary ofithe Paris Commercial Club, was oneof the speakers at the meeting yesterday in Winchester, of the Central Kentucky Commercial Club'Executives. Mr. Harris spoke onthe subject, "Should a State Chamber of Commerce Be Organized forKentucky?"The meeting was held for the purpose of an intensive study of orgaization problems. Representativesfrom ten Central Kentucky citieswere present and took an active partin the discussion. Price Gaines, secretary of the Lexington Board ofCommerce, with J. W. Morrison,acting President of the LexingtonBoard, and J. U. Nichols, secretaryof the Frankfort Chamber of Commerce, led a discussion of how theorganization 'could best serve theinterests of local Chambers of Commerce. Dinner was served by theYoung Ladies' Circle in the FirstChristian church.RECEIVES UNIQUE GIFTMiss Myrtle Ferguson, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ferguson, ofScott avenue, is the possessor of amost unique fan, a gift from MissFaith M. Suggs, a missionary in heSouth of China. The fan ds beautifully hand-carved, of an intricatedesign and handsome workmanship.The souvenir came to Miss Ferguson from xPakhoi, China, whereMiss Suggs is engaged in missionary work. She was a visitor inParis several months ago, when shedelivered a lecture on the work being done by the missionaries inChina. Miss Ferguson prizes herunique gift very, highly.THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. o : ""Tower of Babtl.The tower of Babel is the towerspoken of in Genesis as being bult bymankind after they came down fromthe ark to the plain from the mountain of the east. It was like the latertemple tower of Babylon, except thatIt was being constructed so high thatIts top might reach Heaven. Thebuilders were miraculously preventedby the confounding of their la'nguage.Thus the origin of bur many tongues.0Concerning Compensation."What Is this Emersonian compensation we hear so much about?" askedthe Inquisitive Person. "That," saidthe Cynical Philosopher, "Is the doctripe that things are never sp bad asthey seem, because there are alwaysmitigating circumstances. Compensation Is the principle, active in theworld, whereby you get a ride to thehospital in the ambulance thatknocked you down."oAbout the hardest thing is to getmany a man to take the last wordMATRIMONIALA Record of Dim Cupid's Doings' AThe Days Go By vCounty Clerk Pearce Patonissued a marriage license yesterdayto Russel C. Day and Miss "Josephine Brannock, both residing onRoute 5, near Paris.- BROSHEARS HOWARDClaude E. Howard, 23, and'Miss Mabel Broshears, 22, both ofBourbon county, were married inMaysvllle, Friday afternoon, byCounty Judge Purnell, in his private office in the court house.oMORE MOONSHINESheriff M. Peale Collier, DeputySheriff Jams Gibson, and Patrol"man Robert Lusk paid a visit tothe colored suburb of Claysvillelate Sunday afternoon, and visitedthe house occupied by HenryHawkins. The officials foundthere a moonshine still, giving evidence -of recent operation, a ten gallon barrel of mash, but no finishedgoods. Hawkins was not at homeat the time of the officials' visit,having left a short time before.The still was brought to the courthouse and added to the collectionof interesting souvenirs of that nature. The mash was destroyed.oTHE SALVATION ARMY CAMPAIGN It is hoped that the letters of appeal to be sent to the citizens ofBourbon county for funds for N theSalvation Army Service Fund willbe answered. The army is a justorganization of willing workers. Itis highly commended by our""soldierboys, for it turns no one down.The letters and appeal will havethe endorsement of the followingpersons, citizens of Paris:Mayor E. B. January, chairman;Harold Harris. Secretary Commercial Club, George Batterton, CountyJudge, J. Walter Payne, Postmaster,F. B. Jones, Presiding Elder Mathodist Church, Maysville District,Rev. 0. B. Crockett, Methodistchurch, M. H. H. Davis, GrandCommander Knights Templar, Mrs.James S. Douglas, War Mother,Bourbon County Chapter, J. M. McVey, County School Superintendent,Earl A. McCracken, Chief Fire De-rpartment.Advance donations can be sent toany of the Paris banks, which are toact as depositories for the funds.Read these letters carefully whenthey reach vyour homes. jTO BUILD NEW THEATREThe Winchester AmusementCompany has purchased a tract ofland on North Main street, Winchester, from 'I. C. Wade, followingthe purchase a few weeks ago ofan adjoining lot from Mrs. 3". M.Hodgkin. This company is makingplans to construct a modern twostory amusement house on thisproperty, with a seating capacity of1,000. The Winchester AmusementCompany is controlled by the Phoenix Amusement Company, of Lexington, which also controls the Alamo Theatre and Grand OperaHouse, in Paris, and movie housesin a number of other Central Kentucky towns.PLEASANT SOCIAL AFFAIE FOESTUDENTS' Twenty-five young men and women, members of the Fidelis Class'of the Baptist Sunday School, and'of the Senior 13. Y. P. XL, formed amerry crowd wfib stormed theNurses' Home of the Massie Memorial Hospital to spend the hoursfrom eight to ten with the sixyoung women who are taking thenurses' training course at that institution. "The majority of the studentnurses were strangers in Paris, andthe courtesy extended at this timewas at a most opportune time, being not only an introduction into apleasant circle,, but mutual friendships" were formed which will eventually,, result in other happy evenings. Fruit punch was served 'byMrs. Christian., and the youngpeople had taken with them homemade candies, fruits and nuts. Thesuccess of the evening was duelargely to the efforts of Mrs. AlbertMitchell, the efficient teacher of theyoung ladies' class.rfature-Painted Grass.The greenest grass in the world Iswhat visitors say of the lawns in Denver, after they find out that the emerald-greenvelvety appearance is not-some hokus pokus of gardeners to fooltourists, but Is due to the"acrion of themineral salts in the soil.o-tRural Prescience.Greensboro ' Journal "In a smalltown folks know when a marriage isgoing to occur sooner than the persons that are involved in It." BostonTranscript.- . aMore Moonshine.What do the astronomers who saythere is life on the moon think ofthe theory that the moon is made ofpreen cheese? Louisville Couriet-ftGeneral AdmissionADULTS on-27c, war tax 3c...0UUCHILDREN 1 AaNo tax lUbGALLERY 4fjA18c, war tax 2c...UbTUESDAY , TUESDAYRAYMOND HATTONin "HIS BACK AGAINST THE WALLYou'll laugh from the pit of your stomach at his deliciously comical antics.ALSO CENTUBY COMEDY,' "YOU AND ME," AND MUTT AND JEEF.WEDNESDAYDAVID POWELL "Spanish Jade"Hot-blooded lovers flashing daggers proud Castilian don and beautiful peasant swetheart allthe fire and color of modern Spain lives in this glowing romance.AIS0 CHRISTIE COMEDY, "OH, BUDDY." AND PATHE NEWSTHURSDAY- -THURSDAYDOROTHY DALTONin "THE WOMAN WHO WALKED ALONE"Dorothy said, "I've fought my figltt alone and I've never been kissed," a sensational lovemelodrama without a dull second. 'CAST INCLUDES MILTON SELLS AND WANDA HAWLEYMusic ByBIRTHSIn this city, last week, to thewife of Dan Stump, a son.oHere Is Huxley's Purpose.To smite all humbugs, however big;to give a nobler tone to science ; to setan example of abstinence from pettypersonal controversies and of toleration for everything but lying; to beIndifferent as to whether the work isrecognized as mine or not, so longas it is done are these my aims?1860 will show. From T. H. Huxley'sDiary.Nature's Discipline.A stern discipline pervades all nature, which is a little cruel that it maybe very kind. Spenser.oIt's Contagious!.A South side citizen says he has adog that is such an earnest and enthusiastic scratcher that It has got 'even his fountain pen to scratcning.Greater BargainsThan Ever Before, Every Day This Week, atParis' Greatest Shoe StoreBuy at ThisSale of Ladies' and Growing Girls'Tan Lace Boots; rubber heels;a great value, only, . tLadies' Kid Comfort Strap Slippers; $1.50 value; special at . . .See the great values Ladies' TanEnglish Oxfords; some rubberheels; all sizes; 3 to 8. OnSale at .'A wonderful value in Ladies' newest styles Patent and Tan Oxfords and Straps, at a great saving. SpecialLadies' $6 Beaded Satin StrapSlipper; Tan Lace Oxfords;Goodyear well soles. 'Sale pricePOSNER BROS.DAN COHEN STANDMBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 TicketsOn Sale at Box"The" Grand Trio"Ever Hopeful. yFollowing is a card received frommy little sister up in the country on avacation : "Dear Marian : I am having& fine time. I arrived safe and hopeto arrive the same way "going home.Love from Gertrude." Chicago Tribune. Lone and Mysterious.There is an elderberry bush sevenfeet high on the tableland of MesaVerde National park, in Colorado, thathas the distinction of being the onlyone in that country. How it got there,and whether the last of the Indiancliff dwellers had anything to do withits growth there is being investigatedby scientists.Palm Beach and Iceland.Colorado's climate is unusual in thatthe traveler within its boundaries canjourney from temperate to Arcticclimes within a few hours, wearing aheavy oerccat over his thin summersuit".Offering High Grade Footwearat Lowest Prices in Years.Shoes and Oxfords at startling money-saving prices.Come to this store and see the wonderful values,compare our prices with those asked elsewhere, andyou will know the reason why we have the greatest business in thexity.Stores-Save the DifferenceBoys and Girls' School Shoes a$2.99$1.00$1.95$3.49$3.85great saving in every pair youbuy; wonderful values. On salenow atSale of Men's Shoes. See thesegreat values; Tan and .GunMetal; Goodyear welt soles;now. .Men's $6.00Sale PriceMen's Scout hoes Special $2.50values at $1,95 and.. ,Boys' and Youths' All-Leather"Shoes; smart styles; all sizesto 6. SpecialsParis' Greatest Shoe StoreIMM WWk. ' AHiisiS1MMUOfficeffWEDNESDAYMY MORNING WALK TO WORK.I saw a flock of pigeons,All blue and mauve and brown,Sail gleaming in the shining airLike jewels in a crown.I saw a charming little child,With gold all-through her hair,Win smiles from evn dour old menBecause she was so fair.The yellow train went sweeping by,Away o'er dale and hillI envied it, the rushing tripThrough autumn air, so crisp aadchill.And many other pleasant sightsThe morning walk did thus beguile, It seemed an almost cruel- thingA desk at the end of the mile.Folks are enjoined to give untilit hurts, but few persons sufferpain on account of their charity.$1.99$2.95$3.95$1.79$2.95newestFallShoes.336 MAIN STREETJournal..'Jlfr". iSvSr .t,vfe. i':--f ntf-k ,ui -: sy .I'v fand quit talking.