'si1 MihMdk 'V-v ,.v.. ivvlr-v..v'AVj,w mPUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY Oi THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARK, B0UHBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, W22"- t 9'rIJTHEsjilj .sjjfc. aw Mg Ogmr"22s- pNEWSbuuKbun.' Mf(M.,tfBASEBALLYESTERDAY'S RESULTSParis 3, Cynthiana 7.Winchester 2, Lexington 1.Mt. Sterling-Mays ville (Rain,game.)noThe Cinicinnati Reds and Louisville Colonels of the American Association have been hooked for exhibition games at the local park next-month. The Reds are scheduled toappear here on October 11, whilethe Colonels will make their appearance on October 14. Admirers ofthe Reds are not "wanting here inParis, and the appearance of theCincinnati - aggregation will nodoubt draw a large crowd to LeaguePark.The church League team took theMammoths by-surprise in a gameplayed at League Park, Wednesdayafternoon, winning out by the scoreof 5 to 4. An outstanding featureof the game was a sensational onehanded catch of a long high fly byMastin, of the Church League team..Y. M. C A. NOTESThe Y. M. C. A. Boys Band is the-first of the Y. M. C. A. activities to-open up for the fall and winter sea--son,the band having held its firstregular practice Wednesday evening. The Business Men's Gymnasiumand Volley Ball class will beginWednesday, Octbber 4, at 5 o'clock."The class will meet Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. An unusuallylarge number of business and professional men are expected in thisclass.The members of the Young Men'sgymnasium class will hold a meeting at an early date and arrange a.schedule for their class-The Younger Boys' gymnasiumclass will .begin Monday, October 2.The class will begin MondaybHNThe class will meet regularly onMonday and Wednesday afterschool, and Saturday morning at 10o'clock. The outlook is bright for-a, large enrollment in all of theseclasses.D0DS0N HOME AT AUCTIONSeven-room, two-story frame residence, on Brent street, at public saleSeptember 27. Read the ad in today's NEWS.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(22-26)?'THE PRIDEFASHIONSINCOATS AND SUITSMarleen Duvel-Marvello BoliviaPandora Velverette NormandyPanvelaine Poncianna YalamaTricotine Piquetine and Twill CprdsFur Trimmed and PlainAllA-. EXCLUSIVE AGENCY 'BETTY WALES DRESSESAND , ;";;SHIRLEY FROCKSCanton Crepe Spirella FrenchBoucle Crepe SatinandPiquetin Tricotine tand Other.' Novelty Materials . 'ALL LEADING SHADES " '? 'r &"DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS,rvOFFICERS UNEARTH COMPLETE-MOONSHINE DISTILLERYElza Zimmerman, a tenant onthe farm of J. Hal Woodford, nearParis, was placed under- arrest andtaken to the county ' jail, Tuesdayafternoon by Sheriff M. Peale Collier, Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilkey andPatrolman George W. Judy. Zimmerman was charged with having amoonshine still in his possessionfor the purpose of manufacturingliquor illegally and with transporting liquor. After being put througha course of "sprouts" by the officers,Zimmerman confessed nis guilt.The officers discovered at Zimmerman's home ja. .complete copperstill, of ten gallons capacity,, whichthey pronounced the most completepiece of apparatus they had yetseen. The outfit was brought toParis and placed in the vault in theSheriff's office, Zimmerman wasnot at home at the time of the officers' visit, but a short time after hewas located driving toward Pariswith a horse and buggy. The buggywhen searched, yielded about a gallon of freshly made moonshine,which Zimmerman informed the officers was 120 proof.In default of $1,000 "bail, Zimmerman was held. in the jail, untilten o'clock Wednesday morning,when he was given a hearing beforeCounty Judge George Batterton.He was fined $100 and given a jailsentence of sixty days on the chargeof transporting moonshine liquorand for having same in his possession, and was held to the grand juryin $500 bond to answer to thecharge of making liquor , illegally.PRICE'S SAUSAGEPrice's pure fresh sausage nowreceived every day. Phone us yourorder.LOGAN HOWARD.CASH CROWE ARRESTEDOfficials from the Sheriff's officearrested Cash Crowe on a warrantcharging him with pointing a revolver at Charles Whaley during theballooon ascension in this city.Crowe was held in the sum of $300bond, for appearance for trial in theCounty Court, his bond being signedby Dr. D. S. Henry.ToFire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANOF PARIS'FAVORITESShadesM,KENTUCKYDISCIPLESSessions of NineteenthParis Present Many InterestingFeaturesVISIT CANE RIDGE TO-DAYFor the second time in the history of Paris the city is host to theannual convention of the KentuckyDisciples of Christ, which is thename by which the "Christian"church is now officially known.The other meeting was held herenineteen years ago. This year themeeting will go down in church history as being one of the most notable in recent years, due to a number of outstanding features.Although the opening programdid 'not start until 7:30 Mondaynight, scores of the delegates hadreached Paris by noon of that dayand had been assigned to the homesof Paris people. On account of thelack of hotel accommodations mostof the delegates have been givenlodging at the homes of Paris citizens, members of the congregationand friends of the local church, andare to take lunch at the church,where arrangements have beenmade to take care of the five hundred or more delegates who are inattendance. Dinner is being servedfor the three days of the meeting atthe Christian church, by the ladiesof the Paris Presbyterian church,with Miss Frances Butler, incharge. They made preparationsfor ministering to the wants of anaverage of three hundred personsdaily.Dr. W. Hume Logan, of Louisville, presided at the opening meeting Monday night, and Dr. VernonStauffer, of the College of the Bible,at Lexington, tookcharge of the devoational exercises, the scripturereading being taken from the fiftyfourth chapter of Isaiah. Following the devotional exercises, Dr.Logan introduced Harold Harris,secretary of the Paris CommercialClub, who welcomed the guests tothe city on. behalf of the city of! Paris, in a -speech replete with gemsof oratory and showed Mr. Harristo have' developed an hithertSftm-"suspected talent for public speaking. Mr. Harris stated that theproximity of Paris to old CaneRidge church, "the cradle of theChristian church," established byBarton W. Stone, accentuated awelcome on the part of Paris kindred to that of maternal love.Mr. Harris was followed by Dr.Logan, who accepted formally the ! Secretary, Mrs. J. A. Stucky; Treaswelcome extended tne delegates, and ! urer, Mrs. O. L. Bradley.; Generalthen introduced Mrs. Ella Johnson Secretary, Mrs. Louise Campbell;Montjoy, superintendent of the Female Orphan ScTibol, at Midway.Mrs. Montjoy gave an interestingreport of the finances of that school.The report showed that $3,952.61 oflast year's funds had come from donations from the churches of Kentucky, and $6,546.00 had come 'frompersonal gifts. The total gifts fromall sources amounted to $13,341.03,and the total receipts for the yearamounted to $44,244.78: Theamount of disbursements was $42,311.76, leaving about $2,000 in thetreasury at the close of the year.The last address was one on thesubject of education, delivered byDr. A. D. Harmon, new president ofTransylvania College. Dr. Harmonsaid a Christian education is moreessential to-day than at any othertime during the world's history.Leaflets were distributed containing the report of offerings ofthe Christian churches of Kentuckyfor the Board of Education ofTransylvania College and the College of tbBible, July 1, 1921, toJune 30, 1922. This leaflet showedthat the offerings came from sixtyseven churches and amounted to$11,547.02, and that this amountdoes not include gfits from individuals. Last year these offeringsfrom churches were less than $6,000. Special music was furnished -byan augmented choir, under the direction of Mrs. Edna Dryden. Theclosing prayer was offered by, Rev.Mark Collis, pastor of the BroadwayChristian. church, in Lexington.Tuesday's session was given upto proceedings of the Women'sChristian Missionary Society, whoseprogram was carried through theday. In the absence of the president, Mrs. Charles Allen Thompson,Mrs. John T. Gay, president of theorganization from 1909 to 1921,presided. The devotional exerciseswere conducted by Hayes Farish, ofLexington. The morning exerciseswere carried out in the presence ofa largely increased attendance. After singing of the. opening hymns,"Crown Him Lord of All." and' "INeed Thee Every Hour," the business session was held.-Mrs. O. L. Bradley, treasurer,presented t her report,, which applying exclusively to the State -deyi-upment-Xund,-showed.receipts mtOF CHRISTj The Bourbon County Board ofAnnual Convention In'SSSS jTSTSS .SU$4,943.00; disbursement, $4,030.95;balance on hand July 1,1922. jw.uo. Additional pledges were;ically unable to g0 to the polls,taken for the Sue Sublett Memorial, JTne polls will be open from six inthe pledges thus far reported the morning to nine at night. Theamounted to $5,308.30, from seven-;fnllnwinfr ,a ih(X 11qt nf nffirfirs.ty-eight churches, secured sinceSeptember 1, without speech-mak-ing.The interest manifested by the Iyoung people and their achievements were told by thesecretary,Mrs. J. T. Sullivan,- The banner .was awarded to the Russell CaveBand. Mrs. W. C. Stanley, secre-tary or Circles and Triangles Clubs,gave a report full ofa report run 01 encourage-ment, showing 3,362 young peoplereceiving missionary instruction inthe organization; that 116 Circlesgave $7,8 2 4, .40, and TriangleClubs, $482.50, a total "of $8,306.90,which .was expended for $400scholarships in the College of Missions, and for girls sent to HazelGreen; money sent ta Paraguay;Winchester girls gave $1,000 forFrances Waller Gambo, who goesto India; thirty-three Trianglesare supporting twenty-seven orphans in Mexico.Mrs. W. R. Humphrey submitteda report on the year's work, showing an enrollment of 6,372 women,who last year contributed $30,677.77; young people have given $10,316.90 to support missionaries, hospitals and homes; the largest offering of the year was made by the Society of the Broadway Christianchurch, of Lexington, $1,755, theyalso lead in membership, with 225;the Paris Society gave $961.00;Louisville, Lexington and Winchester over $1,000 each; the women ofKentucky will build a home inPorto Rico for Mr. and Mrs. VeraCarpenter, missionaries.Mrs. Louise Loos Campbell gave acharming talk on "The Outlook."V. C. Carpenter brought a messageconcerning the people of .Porto Ricoand the missionary work amongthese people being done by theAmericans.At the afternoon session the following officers were elected for nextyear: President, Mrs. Charles AllenThomas; First Vice-President, Mrs.John Gay; Second Vice-President,Mrs. Ida W. Harrison; RecordingAssociate Secretary, Mrs. W. R.Humphrey; Secretary of Circles,Mrs. Stanley;- Literature for Boysand Girls, Mrs. Sullivan.' Mrs. James Ogderi, a native ofCarlisle, gave an interesting resume of tne work done in Thibet byMr. Ogden and herself in 1905, theynow being in America on their second furlough. Mrs. V. C. Carpenter gave an address on her share inthe work in Porto Rico. Mrs. Gayread a message received from MissSue Sublett, expressing her appreciation of the honor conferred onher in naming the Porto Rico homefor her. The closing address of thesession was made by Jesse Bader,U. C. M. S. Superintendent of Evangelism, who gave a general surveyof "the work done among missionarylines in thisvand the foreign fields.He pleaded earnestly for an increased circulation and reading ofreligious journals and books, andgave a comprehensive statement ofconditions.Refreshed and strengthened bytheir night's rest, the 614"delegatesto the convention resumed work atWednesday's session, which was fully as interesting as the exercises ofthe day before. The morning program opened with a devotional exercise conducted by E. J. Wills.The conference on county workers'problems was led by Neal K.? McGowan, with M. A. Hart presiding,and Rev. Bruce Trimble; of Mt.Sterling, secretary.H. W. Elliott, secretary andtreasurer of the State Board of Missions, read the annual report, andan address on "Tne uo-operativeSearch For The Best," was deliveredby Rev. M. A. Hart. Discussions on"The Types of State Mission Work,"led by Vice-President H. H. Webb,of Covington, were participated inby W. J. Clarke and H. C. Bell. Theprincipal address of the' afternoonsession was delivered by Dr. R. H.Miller, of Kansas Citjr, who did notarrive in time to take part in themorning program. The election ofofficers for the State Missionary Society resulted in the following selections;. President, Rev. H. H. Webb,Covington; vice-president, Rev. W.E. Ellis, -Paris; second vice-presi-dentC. () Ewingi Louisville;- recordimg secretary? Iter. Bruce Trimly... (Cotiud .on 'Page 'Four)--ELECTION BOARD APPOINTSELECTION OFFICERS! Clerk Pearce Paton, and made appointment of election officers s whowill serve at all registrations andelections for the next year. Theirfirst service will be in the ten Parisprecinct next Tuesday, October 3,which will be registration day. Allpersons desiring to vote in any election held within the next year willbe required to register at this tim&uniess absent from the city or phys-. 0 . -Paris No. 1 W. G. Talbott,judge; T. H. Butler, clerk; WilliamGoodloe, judge; W. V. Hutchcraft,sheriff.0Paris No. 2 E. F. Prichard.illd -. Tnhn Mat.t.nT Hprlr- TC. TT.0wens judge. G Petree sheriff.Paris No 3E M Fister judge.J p Talbottf cierk; M. E. Mc-Curdy judge; E. H. Gorey, sheriff.Pftr,R Nn 4 T -r1a -." -w. m wf WMwfF. S. Elder, clerk; John Richard,judge; J. M. Russell, sheriff.Paris No. 5 J. T. Tadlock, judge;O. T. Hinton, clerk; Stamps Moore,judge; R. P. Dow, sheriff.Paris No. 6 O. Edwards, judge;Hofd Mann, clerk; C. P. Mann,judge; W. C. Bell, sheriff.Paris No. 7 C. F. Redmon,judge; Chas. Greene, clerk; H. C.Whaley, judge; J. L. Horton,sheriff.Paris No. 8 Ira Parks, judge;Bennett Thomas, clerk; W. J. Kenton, judge; W. S. Hughes, sheriff.Paris No. 9 Ray Harris, judge;H. L. Baldwin, clerk; Clyde Huffman, judge; Stanley Breeze, sheriff.Paris No.. 10 M. F. Kenney,judge; Raymond Connell, clerk; J.D. Shy, judge; Carlton Williams,sheriff.Millersburg No. 1 John Wright,judge; Mackey Grimes, sheriff; F.A. Herbert, judge; John S. Kennedy, clerk.Millersburg No. 2 Alex Miller,judge;. A. J. Thaxton, sheriff; JohnB. Vimont, judge; James Howard,clerk.Millersburg No. 3 H. W. Purdy,judge; John Withers, sheriff; J. S.Shoptaugh, judge; James Cleaver,clerk.Millersburg No. 4 Carlton Ball,judge; Strawther Banta, sheriff; E.P. Wagoner, judge; J. D. Booth,cler,k.Flat Rock No. 1 Clifton Gillispie, judge; Ray Burris, sheriff;Chester Gore, judge; Clay Guthrie,clerk.Flat Rock No. 2 Troop Clark,judge; Clarence Ralls, sheriff W.P. Thomas, judge; Ed. Thomason,clerk.Flat Rock No. 3 T. J. Redmon,Judge; J. C. Kenney, sheriff; Forrest Day, judge; M. C. Wells, clerk.North Middletown No. 1 FrankSledd, judge; Robert Jones, sheriff;Davis Patrick, judge; J. M. Murphy, clerk.North Middletown No. 2 RoyMcCray, judge; Bert Rash, sheriff;J. G. Yocum, judge; Will Shumate,clerk.North Middletown No. 3 BenWoodford, judge; C. C. Hadden,sheriff; W. A. Tuttle, judge; U. G.Fleming, clerk.Clintonville No. 1 Varden Shipp,judge; Ij. C. Terrill, sheriff; J. M.Carter, judge; Sam Weathers, clerk.Clintonville No. 2 J. A. Liter,judge; B. J. Clay, sheriff; V. B.Morton, judge; Harlin Roe, clerk.Clintonville No. 3 John Woodford, judge; J. F. Ingels, sheriff;George Leeds, judge; Roy Pepper,clerk.Hutchison No. 1 Wm. Meteer,judge; S. W. Spears, sheriff; Claybrook Jacoby, judge; C. P. Rice,clerk.Hutchison No. 2 Matt Lair,judge; Clarence Wright, sheriff;Tom Mitchell, judge; Geo. C. Watkins, clerk.Centerville No. 1 V. W. Ferguson, judge; D. M. Frederickson,sheriff; John B. Bell, judge; GeorgeMcLeod, clerk.Centerville No. 2 3VI. HumePayne, judge; Herbert L. Smith,sheriff; E. F. Poe, judge; R. L.Shropshire, clerk.Centerville No. 3 Calvin Jones,judge; Arch Gum, sheriff; C. H.Kuster, judges; Ewaltv Haley, clerk.Ruddles Mills, No. 1 John Doty,judge; Al Roberts, sheriff; ArthurBarnes, judge; Luther Moreland,clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 2 Clifton Dalzell, judge; A. E. Turney, sheriff;Lindsay Huff, judge; Harve Wagoner, clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 3 J. B. Arkle.judge; Wm. McCann, sheriff; ElmerShumate, judge; C. A. Tabor, clerk.BOY PULL-OVER SWEATERSAll-wool, of course, inNall combinations of colors $4.50, $5 and$6.50.- v .. . J. . W- DAVIS & CO.-PAHS HJGB JCVWLVGraiUCOURSE ' ' 'Paris will 'have a Lyceum CovMfthat will excell all preceding oatin the presentation of the bMtknown artists in the Lyceum leli.There will be ten numbers, eack owhich promises to be attractive ilTan entirely original and refreshiiffway. Every program is so versatileand varied that it appeals to both,the critical and popular taste.This course is brought to Paris bythe City School for. the entertainment and instruction of' the f ujfrlf,Lpatrons and friends of the school. Itwin euaum uueui to wurit mure indigently, to think more clearly, toplay more joyfully, and consequently to accomplish more during the"year.The unanimous support of the Lyceum Course now means the steadymental growth of the whole community. There will be a greaterdemand for high-class entertainments in the city, and no otherkind will be accepted.Miss Frances Butler, chairman ofthe finance committee, has season,tickets on sale at $2.50. Buy yourticlfet now and avoid the rush.CLOSED MONDAYOn account of Monday, October 2,being a holiday, my store will beclosed all day,,DAVID FELD.B0UEB0N MAN SENTENCEDIn the Federal Court at Frankfort, Wednesday, Judge A. M. J.Cochran imposed jail sentences on anumber of persons charged with violation of the prohibition laws.Among the number was Henry Feeback, of Bourbon county, who waagiven three months in jail for having mponshine whisky in his poseetsion.BEAD THIS CAREFULLY!If the lost breast pin belongingto Mrs. John J. McClintock, ofDuncan avenue, is returned to her,no question will be asked.(26-29)rECHO OP THE STBIZEHandbills were strewn around thestreets of Paris, Tuesday, calling attention of business men of Paris andthe county farmers to the coal sitnation, lack of cars, etc., and askingthem to get in touch with differentrailroad managements in an effortto effect an immediate settlementof the strike.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROPMcilGAN ROSEKRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)oHOW TIMES HAVE CHANGED!People who are decrying the present styles, rolled-down stockings,short skirts, etc., will probably beinterested in the following fashionnote, clipped from a local columnpublished in THE BOURBONNEWS of April 12, 1382:"Several pretty, brown-stripedgingham dresses were noticed onour streets Sunday. They were cutshort, .and draped In artistic 'foldson ttie rear of the skirts, and thetasty wearers wore plain broad brimblack hats plainly trimmed inbrown striped satin ribbon, almostmatching the dresses."oNOW IS THE EST TIMENow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We harethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. oBOURBON BRED COLT WINSBREEDERS FUTURITYCarrying the colors of J. S. Ward,Louisville turfman, the chestuntcolt, NDonges, by Celt, won thetwelfth renewal of the Breeders Futurity, at the closing day of the Lexington meet, Wednesday. The race,which had an added value, of $5,000, was worth $15,018.50 to thewinner.Donges was bred at the ClaiborneFarm of Arthur B. Hancock, nearParis. Besides the $15,018.50'which Mr. Ward, his owner, received as the winning share of thepurse, Mr. Hancock received '$500for nominating the colt. uoBURNS PROPERTY AT AUCTIOM.Harris, Speakes & Harris will sellpublicly, Saturday, September 3t, .at two o'clock p. m., the Bums mgalow, on Vine street. A fine caaaeto get a home. Read the ad in THB.NEWS. Ix - '3 - IiA&W-V.r n-Xi?"KiV-'-St?rrr, '."y-fV.1 riPAGE TWOthe BojiN-i;Ag Eflruefer ar-sFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S, If If- y vy t" tTHE BOURBON NEWSIffcUiitod 18P1 41 Years of Continuous Publication"vSvhlished Every Tuesday and FridayYear $2.006 Months $1.00-. Payable Gash, in Advance.fIPT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.-jQfctered at the Paris, Kentucky,Tfcrtoffle as Mail Matter ' of theSecond Class.)t1 OUfc FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Mew York American Press AssoatioiL Cfhicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia -N. W. Ayers & Son.''Atlanta ICassengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pernch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lines&ch issue; reading notices in blackiSyge, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-o decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political offices.must invariably be accompanied byhe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of-any person, firm or corporationrhich may appear in the columnsf THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor..EDITORIAL FLINGS"They say she has a gift of song.3But father cannot see it"In that light each lesson costs"IThe poor old man a V.We are going to suggest a "Go-to--the-DevilWeek" for all those fellows who are continually starting aXxO-to-Somewhere movement.Suspicion is a blighting thing."If you mistrust a man you do not- set from him all that he might.give you; and worse than that, ifou mistrust him, you do not give"2iim all you have to give.Courts in some States have ruled" tihat an automobile cannot be confiscated -as a hootch hauler if the1ooze is carried in the owner'spockets. Tailors are anticipating busy season building coatssfor bootleggers, unless the tentmakers take the trade away fromthem.M ."Have you ever been in Mt. Ster-ling before?" asked the proprietoro a boarding house in that city, of.-a traveling man. "No," snarled the-traveling salesman, who had nottaken as many orders as he felt hisImportance deserved. "That's thejreason I am here now."Miss Stella Jaeger, the balloonistwho electrified Paris people withr "2ier daring stunts in midair last-week, is in private life, Mrs. G. C.Ckambers, her husband being her" "6usiiies manager and assistant. JustTbefore making her ascent it has al--ways been her custom o kiss her'Jausband. It happened at the ascen-.ssitm on the Murphy lot. last Satur-slay afternoon, that, in her hurry, J-.supposing the man next to her wasT Ixer Jiusband, she gave him a hearty"vkias, 'and was astonished to learn on-returning that she had kissed MikeL Murphy by Mistake.Bills are due. Not only are theyadue the first of every month, orQiareabouts, but things bought'-should be paid for to complete the&eals equitably. It is very easy for"Mrs. Shopper to run up a charge ac--tfcount,and, when her husband re--jceivesa bill or statement at the end-rX)t the month, he makes a chargexagainst .his wife's extravagance.IBilis due come in greater varietyhan currency bills come in denomination. And it takes a goodly number of both green and yellow backs-'to settle some of the itemized state;ments presented for payment. Mostmen are of the opinion that women- xun up more bills than men. Butwe think that since the doctors are-writing "smile" prescriptions, the-snen are- running-mates with the wo-aoien in the great bill Derby.oWe believe in Paris. Our town isan optimistic town. We have seen-tough times and gotten over them,.so we know we can pull through-anything that may ever happen. We" "have learned that nothing can keep: . town back if all the folks believejim. it, and then go out to hustle to-xsake their belief a realizing thing.iS -we face each day with confidence, knowing that we can whack-fb& daylights out of any obstacleetkat confronts us. We won't stand.'OT'the give-up spirit. The goodtones who made our town didn't'imtemf to ever get it. We are here-4m work, build, boost, conquer, and-we Jatekdi'to fght it out on this. .4To-day, at the historic old CaneRidge church, a memorable scenewill be enacted, when the hundredsof delegates to the annual convention of the Disciples of Christ, nowin session in Paris, will make apilgrimage to this -scene of the labors of the pioneer ministers of thedenomination. Here they will visitthe places in which AlexanderCampbell, Barton W. Stone, andMILLERSBURGJiteresting News Items From Bourbon County's College TownMrs. T. R. Drain, of Eminence,Ky., is the guest of Mrs. A. S. Miller. Mr. A. S. Miller returned Tuesday night from a business trip inKansas.Mr. and Mrs. James Doty havetaken rooms in the home" of Mr. andMrs. John Ingels.Mr. Vess Chanslor, of Lexington, was the guest of his sister, Mrs.M. E. Pruitt, Tuesday night.Members of the Eastern Starwill hold a sale of edibles in the vacant room in the Sandusky building,on Main street.The Twentieth Century Clubwill meet with Miss Nannie Clark,Saturday afternoon at her home inButler Addition.Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught, ofIndianapolis, Ind., are guests ofMrs. Vaught's parents, Mr. andMrs. T. D. Judy.FOR SALE A good drivingpony and harness.MRS. MARY S. BOSTON,(It) Millersburg, Ky.Mrs. Vera Hillock, Mrs. OllieFelton and Mrs. Ella Nowell, ofCarlisle, were guests of Mrs. C. W.Mathers, Tuesday.Quite a number of the congrekation of the Christian church expect to attend the meeting at CaneRidge church, Friday.Mr. and Mrs. C. Hunter of Pittsburg, Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Hunter, ofNewcastle, Penn., and Miss PattieHunter, of Mason county, are guestsof their sister, Mrs. A. S. Best.Circle No. 1 of the Auxiliaryof the Presbyterian "church metWednesday afternoon with Mrs. C.Ri Jones, Circle No. 2 with Mrs.Fisher, Circle No. 3 with Mrs. Wallace Thorn.The ladies of the Christian j The Chapel exercises were conchurch will give a reception in the ducted at the regular hour Wedneschurch Monday night in honor of day by Mr. I. W. Bush, Paris reprethe students and faculty of the M.jsentative of the Lexington HeraldM. I. and the M. C, who are mem-, Mr. Bush made a heart-to-heart talkbers of the churchMrs. M. Burroughs, Miss Fannie Burroughs, Mrs. J. H. Stewart,Mrs. G. W. Judy, Mrs. O. M. Johnson, Mrs. A. S. Miller, were amongthose attending the convention atthe Christian church in Paris Tuesday. The Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church gavea reception Monday night in thechurch in honor of their pastor,Rev. Price Smith, Mrs. Smith and jdaughters, faculty and student bodyof the Millersburg College, Millersburg Military Instiute, and Millersburg Bourbon County High School.Those in the receiving line wereMrs. W. A. Butler, president of thesociety, Rev. Smith, Mrs. femith.Dr. C. C. Fisher, Mrs. Fisher, of theMillersburg College, Col. W. R.Nelson, Mrs. Nelson, of MillersburgMilitary Institute, Prof. J. W. Lancaster, Mrs. Lancaster, of the Millersburg High School, Miss HattieWood, president ri the Young Peo-IOLD CANE RIDGE CHURCH, NEAR PARIS, "CRADLEother noted ministers of their time,held meetings that became noted farand wide for their fervor, and forthe influence they afterward had onthe religious life of the community.Preparations have been made to entertain about J.,500 guests, at a dinner to be served on the historic oldgrounds by the ladies of the ParisChristian church, and the Christianchurches of the county.pies' Society, and the Misses Smith.The church was decorated with autumn flowers and goldenrod, intermingled with soft light of burningcandles, on the chancel just behindthe receiving line ,were placed largebaskets of flowers and golden rod,bearing tulle of the school colors,black and red, Millersburg HighSchool, black and yellow, Millersburg College, blue and gold, Millersburg Military Institute, and inthe Sunday School room, large bowlsof rappe were placed on flower ladentables and served the large numberof guests present. Mrs. BeulahStein, Director of Voice, of Millersburg College, sang a selection. Theorchestra of Carlisle, under the direction of Miss Alice Grimes, instructor, of Millersburg, furnishedmusic throughout the evening.BOURBON COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL, NOTESProf J. M. McVey was a visitorMonday.Prof. G. I. Barnes, of Frankfort,paid our school a Tisit Tuesday inorder to inspect the work being donein the Agricultural Department.He pronounced the "work in a verysatisfactory condition.Prof. M. G. Buckler, of the Kentucky University, was present at ameeting of farmers at the ' schoolbuilding, Thursday night, wherethey affected the organization ofSenior Agricultural Club.' Through the efforts of the Agricultural Department of the BourbonCounty High School, if will be possible for the farmers of Bourbon andadjoining counties to have a demonstration in the practical grading oftobacco. The work consists of twelvedemonstrations. One-half of thesalary of the grader is to be paid bythe U.S. Government, and the otherhalf by those taking the course.For particulars see Mr. Carlton Ballpresident of the Senior AgriculturalClub.to the boys and girls along the linesof education, leaving with all somehelpful thoughts to carry back tothe' school room. The followingvisitors were present:' Mesdames.iR. C. Bonar, Henry Boling, ClaraDabney, Howard Thompson, -PearlHill, Miss Carrie Peed, Messrs. M.E. Pruitt and I. W. Bush.Miss Lydia Wallace, of Lexington, and Mr. R. B. Horine, of Nicholasville, visited Prof, and Mrs.Russell Hunt, Sunday.Mr. Willard Lawrence, of Paris,visited his sister, Mrs. J. W. Lancaster, Monday.Chapel 'exercises for next weekwill be conducted by Mr. HaroldHarris, Secretary of the Paris Commercial Club.- The public is cordially invited to hear him. These exercises are conducted every Wednesday at 10:30 o'clock in the gymnasium. The nickel cigar is here yet, but)hay fever has gone.The old church, which has beenweatherboarded and modernized,was originally a log structure, withroof made of clapboards, the floor ofpuncheon slabs, and the, cracks between the logs filled with clay andmortar. There was no fireplace andthe congregations of old, doubtlessshivered many a time with cold.The whole country around was avast wilderness, with a thickTURNPIKE WORK PROGRESSINGThe Bourbon County Road Commission is making rapid progresson road work throughout thecounty, especially on the construction of the unfinished portion of the"Maysville pike just south of Paris,under contract with the State Highway Department. It is expectedthat the work wil 1 be finished before winter.oExperience is fine. But a manwith a wild son in college should getwholesale rates.MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTf Nathan H. Bayless' Devisees, . .PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Mrs. George Waite, Etc . DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale, rendered atthe June term, 1922, of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onMONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1922,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., at the front door of the CourtHouse in Paris, Kentucky, will sellat public auction 'to the highest andbest bidder, the following describedreal estate:Beginning in the middle of theHume and Bedford turnpike at O,and to corner to No. 3, and running therefrom with the middleof said turnpike N 84 3-4 W 52.88poles to B; thence S 48 3-4 W71.52 poles to C, a corner to Jas.Ferguson; thence S 5 1-2 W 12.08poles to D, stone corner to same;thence N 86 1-4 E 23.60 Doles toE, a stone corner to same; thence jS 9 3-4 E 56.24 poles to F, a stonecorner to same; thence N 87 W4.12 poles to G, a stone corner to jsame; thence S 4 W 95.32 poles ito H, a stone corner to same inWright's line; thence withWright's line S 84 1-2 E 70.76poles to P, a stake corner to No.3; thence with line of No. 3 N 4E 210.40 poles to the beginningand containing 98.25 acres.Said sale will be made uponcredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondsfor equal parts of the purchasemoney, each due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively and bearing interest at the rateof six per cent (6) per annum,from date of sale until paid, saidbonds to haTe the force and effectof judgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof a division among the parties ininterest, the widow having consented to accept the cash value of herdower in lieu of an allotment inspecie.- O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner, -B. C. C.J (15-22-29)OF THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH"canebrake (from whence the nameCane Ridge) covering the ground upto the church enclosure itself.On this historic spot, where yearsago the eloquent vioces of the rugged pioneers of the wJLlderness gaveto the settlers the magic words ofChristianity, their later-day descendants and members of the churchfrom all parts of the State willFOR SALERhode Island Red pullets andSussex cockerells. Call Cumberland Phone 253.MRS. OLLIE C. HEDGES,Route 8, Paris, Ky.(26-tf)rxnFOR SALENice hand-made cedar box; onegood oak rocking chair, with leather bottom. Can be seen at my roomson Seventh street.(26-29) WM. WHITE.FOR SALE.Milk, Cream, Butter and Buttermilk. Call Cumberland Phone 965.(26-29 MRS. R. L. WDLSON.NOTICE-OF-SALE 0FBANK STOCKPursuant to an order of sale madeand entered in the Bourbon CircuitCourt at the June term, 1922, asadministrator of C. J. Lancaster, Iwill sell to the highest and bestbidder, at the Court House door, inParis, Kentucky, onMONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1922,at about the hour of eleven o'clocko'clock a. m., two shares of thecapital stock of the Farmers andTraders Bank, of Paris, Kentucky.Said sale will be made for cashor upon a credit of three months,for which the purchaser will be required to execute bond with goodand approved security, payable tothe undersigned as administrator ofC. J. Lancaster, and bearing interest at six per cent, per annum fromday of sale until paid.(Signed) FRANK M. BURTON,As Administrator of C. J. Lancaster.JP-U-TDlioSATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30th2 P. M. SHARPAs agents for the undersigned owner, we will sell at auction theone-story, six-room frame bungalow situated at 1023 Vine Street nearthe L. & N. passenger depot.The property is newly painted and papered, and is in good conditio throughout.Large lot, shade trees, good garden, and a splendid cistern in therear, are some of the improvements. It is convenient to school andchurches, and would make someone in the market for a place of thischaracter a good buy.For s information, apply to. iHAXfclS,(26-29)gather in a communion of spiritsand a devotional program, commemorating the most important, dayof the meeting. Addresses appropriate to the day and the occasionwill be delivered by noted ministersof the Christian church, and the daywill go into history as one of themost memorable of a memorableweek.EA. P. ADAIR & SONAre now selling both sexes, allages, from their pure-bred, at farmer's prices. Call early and getchoice.Paris, Ky., Route 6, Box 69, HomePhone, Shawhan Exchange., No.23-3 rings.(22-tf)Public Sale-OF-Bayless Farm!On October 2, 1922,at about 11 o'clocK,at the frontdoor of the Court House, in Paris,Kentucky, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell publicly theNathan Bayless farm, situated inBourbon County, on the Hume andBedford pike, about three milesfrom Paris and about two milesfrom the interurban line. This farmcontains 98 & acres, and has thefollowing improvements: One fourroom cottage, with good cistern atdoor; one three-room tenant house;one six-acre tobacco barn; onestock barn, all in first-class condition. The farm is well fenced andwell watered. The land is in ahigh state of cultivation, six acressown in rye, the balance in bluegrass and clover.Anyone interested may look overthe farm and all the improvements at any time before the sale.Mr. Nathan Bayless. actine- asagent for the Bayless heirs, will beglad to show anyone interestedover the farm, and improvementsany time before the sale.O. T.. HINTON.Master Commisioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.(22-26-29)SPEAXtS A'HAIUI, 'Aftiti ftc . L. lUMTf, CtwMtOAKDALSaleKV4 4 ll &" FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYf i- PAGE THREE----- z - I r111cigarettes.mMxm1 hey are if&GOOD! IUTHE HARVESTThe sheaves are gathered, and theempty fieldBroods in contentment on its endedtask;Waiting the rains that pledge another spring.The hams are heavy with the harvest yield,And quiet Autumn wears the mistymaskOf Quietness that means remembering. In the hushed loveliness of eventide,When autumn sunsets drowsy uponthe soul,May he glad for every emptinessKnowing our sheaves are gathered,and abideIn saving plenty of some humangoalTo thrill the hearts of men withloves that bless.COMMERCIAL CLUBS TO MEETAT CYNTHIANAThe Central Kentucky CommercialClub executives will hold theirmonthly meeting in Cynthiana,Thursday, October 5, as guests ofthe directors of the Cynthiana business men's club. The program isnot completed, but Dr. Frank L. McVey, of the University of Kentucky,has been invited to deliver the principal address. About 75 executivesare expected.ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEATWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abis stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushare a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.SPEARS MILLSEd Wagoner and Hallie Hudnall have returned from a visit tofriends at Centerville.Mr. and Mrs. S. R. Hudnalland son, John, have returned from avisit to friends and relatives inFrankfort.Services will be held at theSpears Mills Baptist church, Sundayat ten a. m. and seven p. m. Eld.Robert Turner will conduct theservices.The Hutchison Station baseballteam defeated the Escondida teamby a score of 18 to 3. . The Escondida team defeated the Spears Millsteam by the score of 11 to 4.THE BREATH OF THE CLOVERPERSONALSThfe breath of the clover floats overthe duskAnd stirs an old dream in theheart of the night'Till flooded with minglings ofmusic and muskMy heart is a haven of captureddelight;I drift down the years of the dear,Yesterday aWhen youth was a rapture thatspangled the dawn,When sunshine and roses werespread o'er the wayThat laughter and love lured ustenderly on.The breath of the clover and ' sadness is fled;One whiff from the fields and themorning is here;Again I creep out of the old trundlebed To wake to a day that is goldenwith cheer;And over the clover I follow a dreamThat ripples with the wind in theglory and gleamOf the wonder and peace of ahome-nested joy.The breath of the clover! 0 heavenly graceOf the memoried vision thatgleam on the sod!Once more I am close to my Mother'sdear faceAs she touches my head with thekindness of God.As I dream of a highway that runsto the skiesI pray I may find as the joy ofthat goalA field that is sweet with the oldensurpriseOf the breath of the clover towhiten my soul.oTO EVERY COUNTY ITS DAY872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and Fancy- GROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONENearly every county in Kentuckyis noted for something or has somespecial claim to distinction. Owen! county has the rather unique distinction of having furnished morehankers than any other in the State.In the last twenty years Owen county has turned out an extraordinarynumber of bank officials and mostof them have made good.Rural banks all over the Statehave cashiers that hail from "SweetOwen," the nickname given to hisfavorite political stronghold by thelate John C. Breckinridgs. Notonly the Owen county men directingmany financial institutions in Kentucky, but they have gone to otherStates with like success.Owen county enjoys no special advantages for bank trading, but itseems that an extraordinary number of its young men have had ambitions to become bankers and fitted themselves for the vocation.Confession is good for the soul.Edison admits he invented a cigarlighter in his youth."Why Men Leave Home" is 'a newplay. One says it is because hehates to stay there alone.SPECIALFor One Week!ISOAP40 bars Clean Easy Soap , $ 1 .OO20 bars P. & G. Soap $1.0020 bars Sweet Heart Soap $1.002 bars Palm Olive Soap 1 5cLux c... 10cFLOURWhite Plume Flour, 24 pounds $ 1 .1 ORoyal Spring Flour $1,10Red Cross Flour SI.OOPurity Flour $1,00MEATSSwift's Premium Breakfast Bacon, lb 45cAmerican Beauty Breakfast Bacon, lb 35cCu-Tu-No English Cured Bacon, lb 30cSeasoning Bacon, lb. 1 5c and 23cBEANSNavy Beans, lb S 1"5CPink Beans, lb..."- s V2CHeinz Pork and Beans, No. 2 1 5cVan Camp's Pork and Beans. No. 2 ,15cPARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, ManagerMrs. Matt Bedford and Mrs.Harry B. Clay have returned froma visit to relatives in Winchester.Mrs. Jerry Keller has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. J. J. McCarthyand Mrs. M. F. Entight, in Winchester. Jack Casey, has returned to hishome in Danville, after a visit to hisgrandmother, Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine,on Fifteenth street.Mrs. C. F. Higgonsand Mrs. R.E. Turley, of Richmond, are guestsof Mrs. Annabelle Wallace, onTwelfth street, in this city.Mr,s. Helen Daugherty Hazelrigg and little daughter have returned from a visit to Telatives inCarlisle and Nicholas county.Miss Margaret Morgan, of Atlanta, Georgia, is a guest at thehome of Dr. and Mrs. Cherles G.Daugherty, on Pleasant street. ,Miss Lillie Kenney, of Paris,has matriculated at the FugazziSchool of Business, in Lexington, asa student for the business course.Mrs. Calla Keller has arrivedfrom Chicago for a visit to herdaughter, Mrs. Robert L. Frank,and family, at their home on Highstreet.Mr. and Mrs. John D. Day, whohave been patients at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city forthe past seven weeks, have returnedto their home.Miss Lida Alfred, of Chipley,Florida, has arrived from a visitwith her uncle, Dr. D. S. Henry, andMrs. Henry, at their home on theGeorgetown road.Mrs. B. B. Marsh, who has recovered from a recent severe illness,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. W. H.D. Wheat, and Mr. Wheat, at theirhome near Fort Thomas.Miss Franes Ann Steenbergenhas extended invitations for an entertainment to be given at herhome on Pleasant street this afternoon. Mrs. Lon Graves ana littledaughter. Dorothy, have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. G. W. O'Banionat Lexington, and Mrs. Lula Burgess, at Georgetown.Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of thePresbyterian church, and Owen L.Davis, are in Bowling Green attending the sessions of the KentuckySynod of the Presbyterian church.Miss Elizabeth Kenney, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Kenney,of Paris, has returned to Duke,North Carolina, to resume her placeas a member of the Duke HighSchool faculty.Miss Allene Thomas, who hasfor some time been linotype operator on the Kentuckian-Citizen, hasaccepted a position in the office ofthe Welch Printing Co., in Lexington. Duard Brumbach, formerly ofthe Piggly-Wiggly Store, has returned from Syracuse, New York,making the trip overland in a finenew Franklin car which he will usefor demonstration purposes.Miss Frances Boone has returned from a three-weeks' trip to NewYork, Philadelbhia and other placesin the East. Miss Boone spent sometime in the art circles in these cities, where she had the pleasure ofmeeting many noted artists.Leonard McCann, a prominentmember of the Paris High Schoolfoot ball team, and , one ofthe most promising students at theP. H. S. during the past season, hasmatriculated at the MillersburgMilitary Institute. Leonard willmake a valuable man for-M. M. I. onthe athletic field.Among those attending the sessions of the Christian. ychurch convention this week was Dr. HenryWilliam, of Shelbyville, and sister.Dr. Williams is related to the family of the late W. A. Hill, of Paris.His father, the late John Williams,was a former resident of Paris, having at one time been assistant Postmaster of Paris.Wallace Clark, representativeof the Universal Leaf Tobacco Co.,a branch of the American TobaccoCo., at Shanghai, China, is at homefor a short visit to his mother, Mrs.Walter Clark, on Fifteenth street,in this city. Mr. Clark's territoryembraces China, Japan and theHawaaian Islands, to increase theoutput of tobacco in those countries, in the interest of his com-'pany. Mr. Clark has also been inAustralia and other foreign countries in the interest of his company.The following from Paris andBourbon county have made ticketreservations for the Artist ConcertSeries to be given at WoodlandPark Auditorium, in Lexington, under the auspices of Miss AnnaChandler Goff, of the LexingtonCollege "of Music: Mrs. 0. P. Clay,Miss Eleanor Clay, Mr. and Mrs.Virgil Chapman, Jr., Mrs. GeorgeWilliams Clay, Mr. and Mrs. C. C.Dawes, Mr. and Mrs. 0. T. Hinton,Judge and Mrs. Chas. A. McMillan,Mr. and Mrs. James McClure, Jr.,Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr., Miss Nell Robbins, Mrs.Margaret R. Turner, Mr. and Mrs.Robert C. Talbott, Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., Mrs. J. T. Vansant, Mr. andMrs. Wade H. Whitley, Mrs.Reynolds Letton, and otherswhose names have not been givenout.(Other Personals on Pace 5) ,SWINE GAIN IMPORTANCEThe swine breeding industry hasueuome one of the leading livstockactivities in Kentucky, and the im-punance or the State in hog raisingis accentuated in Government reports. Much money is invested inthe business, and the State boastssome of the most extensive hogbreeding plants in the country.The Berkshire, Poland-China, Du-roc-Jerseyand Thin Rind are k theprincipal breeds developed in Kentucky, although nearly every othervariety is represented in the hrppfl-ing industry and the prize-winningbiidins give a good account in competition all over the country.Pure-bred swine raisiner in fhnState has been stimulated, and byintelligent extension work, nnrtfon.larly through the formation ofuoys pig clubs under the directionof the State Department of Agriculture.WEIL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)"I can come back," says Jess Wllard. It will be a long trip.ECZEMAMonev back wlthnnt . ,..:,.If HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIESUlUnt'aSci1iran.4 O t r:!the treatment of Itch, Eczema,Kinewornj.TetterorotherItph-ing akin diseases. Try thio"Mujicni ai our risk.VARTJEN & SON,Paris, Ky.uutzfrEmEzBSS ""sBl xZRb)BRf9v vtlll w mlKm DaVM$Mili Mm Dxcr IH&k xSwMm I, 'mm nnnu mBm'. Vi f-.-Her Faithful FriendWe welcome the accounts of women and urge everyhusband to start a bank account for his WIFE. Many aman has been saved from financial disaster because hiseconomical wife had tucked away money and had dt onhand for a time of urgent need. And then every womanshould have a bank account and know how to handleaffairs, because there is one chance out of two that shemust some day rely on herself.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyTHE GREAT SUCCESSOf Piggly Wiggly Has Proven ThatShoppers Like to Help Themselves!Del Monte Asparagus Tips; No. 1Square Tin, large white, 41c; Aftmedium green 'uuCDel Monte Asparagus Tips, ftAPicnic Tin . ZuCCalifornia State Asparagus, No. lfftSalmon size can luCDel Monte Spinach, No. 2y2, 23c; AfNo .2 IJQNiana Garden lflallPeas I2CCampbell's or Ritter's AfPork and Beans 1 IjQFranco-American Spaghetti, with aTomato Sauce; large can I ICDel Monte a 0Pimentos I hPLog Cabin Maple Syrup, largeftft$1.08; medium, 54c; small .. . .)QDomino Golden Syrup, -jlNo. 2 can 2QMansfield Evaporated Milk; large p9c; small JJQCampbell's Soups, a ftall kinds .'. QHirsh's Pure Tomato Catsup, large, A a23c; small . jQLibby's Mustard, 8-oz. 4 ftglass jar JQLion Brand Pure Cider Vinegar, a mquarts 28c; pins I3CBeechnut Peanut Butter, large 25c; a amedium 17c; smalll I I CDel Monte Ripe Olives; asmall can IZCLippencott's Selected Queen 01ives,ftAquarts 49c; pints . HRWhite Star White Meat Tuna, large m39c; medium 24c; small I4CWhite Star Sardines, in Tomato A jSauce, No. 1 oval can t. I QLibby's Deviled Meat, mlarge 10c; small JlQUnderwood's Deviled Ham, largeft34c; small -,- 'L I CP. & G. or Magic White rSoap.. JJQi 10cOld Dutch aCleanser JJQSunbrite m.Cleanser JJQBabbitt's Concentrated Age 13CLiquid Veneer or O'Cedar Polish,!60c size 39c; 30c size ZICOld English aaFloor Wax Uu(rMazola Salad or Cooking Oil, -ftftgallon 89c; quarts 51c, pints .. -i.JJCHershey's Cocoa, -lb, 12 c, a1-5 lb DCGolden Age Macaroni, Spaghetti or rNoodles; S-oz. package JjQPuffed a -jRe ICPuffed 4 aWheat jkShredded v " iOlWheat .' r '. 2C:Quaker a aat HePure Hog. j"Lard, lb . . 1 4CMichigan Choice Hand-picked Navy 1Beans, new crop, lb I2CFancy large Irish Potatoes, peck.ftr15 lbs. (weighed) JJjQWe Don't Meet Prices We Make ThemWIGGLYGROCERIES707 Main StreetFRUITSGREEN VEGETABLESParis, KentuckyFARHE LOAN .THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays botb, principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.KentuckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bldg.Lexington, Ky.LOANSVTTiTTGTT C7Bourbon News Advertisers Get Results Jj?' -P!tett'.Y:'ife ks?L -Sz-A-l:-N'ft'-9.23-?e&z-Z'THE BOURBON NEWS, rPARISf KENTUCKYFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1S2Z13''T PAGE FOURCharter No. 6323 eserve District N- 4REPORT OF CONDITION OF THEFirst National Bank of ParisAt PL,inthe State of Kentucky, at the close of Business on Sept.15, 1922.i, ; " RESOURCES iN .Nl. a 'loans and discounts, includingrediscounts, acceptances of1 other banks, and foreign bills ...,,; '. . .": of exchange or drafts sold with -:'j ' - 'indorsement of this bank (ex- -. . ,cept those shown in b and c) .$678,316.50- . , : j,c Customers' libability account ' ;. of acceptance of this bank purchasd-or discounted by it. . . 2,333.58 ,680,650.08Total loans ."4.. IT. S. Government securities owned: ' i "a Deposited to secure circulation- (-TJ. S. bonds par value) . . .. 100,000.00b .All other United States Gov- ' vernment securities (includingpremiums, if any) 277,350.00 . 377.35O.OOTotal- y5-. Other bonds, stocks, securities, , 10,000.00etc: . " 12,000.006. Banking House r v . .8. Lawful reserve with Federal Re- -..-, 053.13serve Bank . '..9. Items with Federal Reserve -'.' 7 947 63Bank in process of collection . . , f'v tm10. Cash in vault and amount due kfrom National Banks '. - 11451212. Exchanges for clearing house.. ; , .;, ,o.Total of Items 9, 10, 11, 12,and 13 30,173.4014. b Miscellaneous cash items ... 679.50 oo.ou15. Redemption fund with U. S.Treasurer and due from U. S. - 5 n 00 00Treasurer , 7'719'44". 16. Other assets, if any ...... 'Total .. ..$1,172,625.55LIABILITIES , '17. Capital stock paid in ....'.. . ? 100,000 0018. Surplus fund. .. - - . 100'00.0019. Undivided profits ..?33,413.49- a Reserved for interest -and taxes accrued . . 1,566.21b Reserved for ,.$34,979.70 -c Less current expenses, inter- ,,-,.est, and taxes paid 7,504.35- 27,475.3520. Circulating notes outstanding. . yy,yy.ouDemand deposits (other than hank deposits) subjectto Reserve (deposits payable within 30 days):26. Individual deposits subject to i-jncehecv . . 414,797.0b30. Dividends unpaid -ouReserve, Items 26, 27, 28, r ,rrTE!Z!tk29, 30, and 31 414,840.56Time deposits suhject to ReserveC payable after 30 days .or more notice, and postal savings):34. Other time deposits " 178, J'-v!. 35. Postal savings deposits - 24-36Total of time deposits sub- ,-ject to Reserve, Items 32, 33,34, ana 35 178.421.2536. United States deposits (other than postal savings),v including "War Loan deposit account and depositsof United States disbursing offices39. Bills payable (including all ob- SSL'lafiSf tKS iv-t .ligations representing money . ; .; , t 'borrowed other than rediscounts) ' 239,000.00" 42. a "Acceptances" executed bythis bank for customers, and tofurnish dollar exchange 2,333.58b Less' acceptances of this bank - - V - -'"purchased tr discounted (see -- Item 1 c) .2,333.5844. Liabilities other than thoseabove stated 12,890.89Total $1,172,625.55State of Kentucky, County of Bourbon, ss:I, James N. W. McClure, Cashier of the above-named bank, do sol-- emnly swear that the above statement is true to the best of my knowl-'v edge and belief.JAMES N. W. McCLURE, Cashier...!4 Correct Attest:.. A w- w HALEY,s ' E. J. BURRIS,CHAS. C. CLARKE,Directors.Vv " r Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d day of Sept. 1922.GRACE DONALDSON, Notary Public.DISCIPLES OF CHRISTIress 6n 6s follow-!iller, of Ict, "Oue(Continued from Page 1)ble, Mt. Sterling; correspondingsecretary, H. W. Elliott, Sulphur;field secretary, W. J. Clarke, Sparta.Members of the Executive Committee, the John Smallwood Fund Committee were elected,, J. H. McNeill,of Winchester, was chosen Kentuckymember of the nominating committee of the International Convention.' Barclay Meador, editor of theChristian Evangelist, of St. Louis,brought with him an interestingdisplay of relics that had once beenthe personal property of Barton W.Stone, now the property of Stone'sgranddaughter, Mrs. A. E. Morgan,of St. Louis. These relics wereplaced on display for the edificationof the delegates. The relics included Eld. Stone's old Bible,,. letters; China platters; notes for hissermons, written by himself ;partsof wedding dresses o'f his two wives,and a heavy coin silver ladle used inhis home.The Transylvania College banquet was held at the church, at sixo'clock, Wednesday night, with Rev.W. E. Ellis, of the church," presiding as toastmaster. The openingprayer was offered by Rev. M. A.Hart, of Danville. The first toastresponded to was by Dr. A. R. Harmon, President of Transylvania,who was followed by Mrs. Harmon.Mrs. Alice Carr, of 'Hamilton College, Prof. Vernon Stauffer, of theCollege of the Bible, and Rev. R. H.Miller, pastor of the IndependenceBoulevard Christian church of Kensas City, were other speakers. Theclosing prayer was offered by Rev.Mark Collis, pastor of the Broadway Christian church, Lexington.The night program was devotedto devotional exercises, led by J. J.Whitehouse, and an address by Rev.W. J. Loos, on the subject, "NinetyYears of History." The conventionthen adjourned to Thursday morning. Among the visitors at the sessionsof the convention 'yesterday wasRev. Carey E. Morgan, former pastor of the Paris church, now incharge of the First Christian churchin Nashville, Tenn. No ministerwho ever held a charge in the Parischurch had more warm friends thanRev. Morgan, whose residence inParis was a constant benedictionand blessing to the community. Rev.Mr. Morgan was given an ovation,and wife kept busy acknowledgingthe greetings of his friends. Rev.Morgan addressed the convention,"THE BANK OF SERVICE"The Value ofPrestige. - This bank has always realized thatprestige could not be bought, norprocured except by honorable service. The prestige we enjoy today arisesfrom our good reputation, and is a .x business asset to those maintainingchecking accounts here. .Where do you bank?Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - Kentucky1s.CAPITAL $210,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$U5,ttQ.tO,iineton, will deliver an address 6n"A Retrospect," and will bepri hv Rev. Dr. R. H. MillerKansas City, with the subjectUnfinished Task." At high noon asubstantial dinner, such as only theiwomen of Bourbon county can set,will be served on the grounds, under the auspices of the ladies of theParis church. j?Following the dinner the programof exercises will be resumed withdevotional exercises. Rev. HomerW. Carpenter will speak on the subject, "Getting -The Key," and Rev.A. W. Fortune, of Lexington, willfollow with an address on the subject, "Barton W. Stone's Contribution to Our Movement." Addresseswill be made by other speakers, anda miscellaneous0 program will follow. After the benediction the visitors and their hosts will return toParis, and from there disperse totheir homes.and hisjaddfess was listened to wtthlto Cane Ridge to-day. Will youvolunteer the use of your car? Communicate with Harold F. Harris,Secretary of the Paris CommercialClub, Jos. D. Booth, L. D. Redmon,Ayelette Buckner or Hiram Roseberry. Cars will form in line onboth sides of High street, facingnorth; lead cars at Eighth street.Please assemble not later than 8:30a. m.FORMER BOURBON MAN PROSPERING(Contributed)Mr. Will Lane, son of W. R. Lane,formerly - of Winchester, Ky., andVirginia, was recently appointedCity Manager of Phoenix, Arizona,by the Democratic party. Mr. Lanewas unable to accept the position,as he had thrown his hat in thering as a candidate for the positionof State Engineer. Mr. Lane hasbeen boosted for Governor of Arizona. He is a young man of unusual ability and' merit,, and. a civilengineer of note, receiving contracts that have mounted up intothe millions.Mr. Lane is a brother of MissMary Lane, who has frequently visited Paris, and has been greatly admired for her beauty and personality.TO SOME MENdeepest interestThe convention resumed its sessions at 8:15 o'clock yesterdaymorning with the conference onCounty Workers' Problems, led byW. J. Clarke, and the conference onChristian Endeavor Workers, led byGeorge V. Moore. Eld. Roger T.Nooe presided at the morning sessions. The devotional exerciseswere held at nine o'clock. Rev.Roger T. Nooe delivered an inspiring address on the subject of "TheSpirit Within The Wheels," VicePresident Milo Atkinson presiding.The following reports were made:Executive Committee, Thomas W.Floyd; Associate S uperintendent,George V. Moore; SuperintendentNeal K. McGowan. This was followed by the appointment of committeesfor the year. A program of specialmusic followed. Rev. R. H. Miller,pastor of the Independent BoulevardChristian church, at Kansas City,delivered the sermon. At 11:55 theconvention adjourned until theafternoon session.One of the outstanding features ofthe "afternoon session, which beganat 1:30 o'clock, was the appearanceof a number of children from theOrphans' Home, who rendered in aninimitable manner a number of vocal selections. This was during theOrphans' Home Period. The children also gave recitations. J. S.Hilton, Superintendent of the Home,made a detailed statement, showingthe conditions prevailing there.Rev. Clyde Darsie delivered a sermon on the subject, "ManifestingThe Works of God." At 2:30 o'clockthe Christian Endeavor period washeld, embracing addresses by MissGeorgia Dunn, on "Flashlights OnChristian Endeavor;" "PrisonChristian Endeavor," by Burton L.Hoffman, and an address by H. L.Pickerell, of St. Louis, Mo. Duringthe business session which followedmany matters of great interest weredisposed of, and an adjournmentwas taken until last night.The delegates assembled at theevening session at 7:30 o'clock, following a banquet tendered them at5:30. The night program embraced Devotional; Offering;, addressesby Prof. W. C. Bower, on the subject, "The Next Steps in ReligiousEducation,' and one by Eld. Robt.M. Hopkins, of St. Louis, Mo.f onthe. subject, "Our Task." Followingthis program and the benediction,the convention adjourned until thismorning, when the principal featureof the day's program will be thevisit to Cane Ridge church.. To-day will develop one of themost interesting features of 7theweek's program, the visit of the delegates and visitors to the old CaneRidge church. The trip will bemade in automobiles furnished bythe citizens of the city and county.The exercises at the old churchwill begin at ten o'clock, when.de-voational exercises will be, heffc.lif any, in first letterMrs. Ada Withers Harrison, of Lex- Davis, at Windsor Hotel.vCLOSED MONDAYOn account of holiday our storewill be closed on Monday, Oct. 2.PRICE & CO.CROWDED OVEROn account of the space accordedin this issue to the report of theChristian church convention, and arush of late hour advertising, manyinteresting features intended forpublication, are unavoidably crowded over. These will appear jn another issue.TOBACCO MEN VISED BOURBONJ. B. Freeman, Van Tresse and J.H. Shandlers, all of Tennessee,members of the Burley Co-operativeTobacco Marketing Association, ofthat State, were in Paris and Bourbon county ths week, accompaniedby John -L. Buckley, of Lexington.They are members of a visiting delegation of Tennessee tobacco men,who are making a tour of the Bluegrass section, and investigatingconditions in the tobacco , business.They are also making an investigation for the purpose of determiningwhether or not to turn over theircontracts, reperesenting seventyfive per cent, of the crop in theirterritory, to the Co-operative Association.The delegation, on their return tojTennessee, will report to the growers of Burley in Tennessee the resultof their researches.APPEAL TO AUTO OWNERSAbout three hundred automobileswill be needed for the purpose oftransporting delegates ahd visitorsThe selection of a hat is a greatadventure our $5 hats removeevery element of chance.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BURGLARS VISIT STORESBurglars paid a visit to the hardware" store of Ford & Co., on Mainstreet, and secured knives, cartridges and other stock, amountingto about $300. They first paid avisit to the commission house of R.B. Hutchcraft & Co., on Pleasantstreet, where they secured a hatchetand a number of heavy sacks. Entrance to the Ford place was madeby breaking a glass in a window oftne second story ana releasing a-icatch. The police were notified.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., JNC.(29-tf)WANTED.x Copyright 1922 Hart Schaffner & MarxThe famous Crombiewoolens in women 's coatsmade byHart Schaffner & MarxCrombie fabrics are madein Aberdeen, Scotland;they're soft; fleecy, lightin weight but very warm.There's nothing finer for acoat.Hart Schaffner (3& Marxhave used them . in theirstylish women's coats;- many beautful colorings;rich plaid backs to thefabrics. They give you all. the warmth and comfortof a fur coat without theupkeep,FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAT AUCTION!GOOD BOURBON COUNTY FARMOCTOBER 3rd, 10 A.Two women with automobiles forexceptionally pleasant cwork in andnear Paris. Business experience notnecessary, but, must have good personality,, and be able to devote fivehours a day to work. To such a woman can offer position paying $6.00per , day. State, age and experience,Call Mrs. I(It)194 acre farm located about 7 miles southwest of Paris, and two milesnorth of Avon on Ware pike. We will subdivide this farm and sell intwo tracts and then as a whole, accepting the, best bid.TRACT NO. 1 contains about 100 acres of good level land with sixroom house, 14-acre tobacco barn,, stock scales, garage, .stock bam, ,twogood cribs, well fenced and everlasting water, on good pike about 11miles from Lexington, Kentucky.TRACT NO. 2 contains about 94 acres of good level unimprovedland on good pike with beautiful building site and shade trees alreadyset, well fenced and watered." - Each of the above tracts have plenty of. tobacco land and are in ahigh state of cultivation and the owners -wish to dissolve partnership is,the reason for selling and they have instructed us to sell. They are ina position to make very liberal terms with long time easy payments tosuit the purchaser. ;Sale rain or shine on the premise October 3, 10. a. m,,s Of Winchester, Xy; or James Garrisom on the farm. v '-COL. GEORGE D; SPEATES, Auctioneer. ,-7-VAFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY'irPAGE FIV1Cjtj$f&&&&?4kisPERSONALS'TIFTS THAT I AQT SS nd Goings of Some Youi juiow ana uiners xouSCHOOL NOTESTAIL'S FAVOEITE PABEICDonVwhincords in both suits and rain- Mrs. James Duncan Bell is thecoats. The suits $40 and $45, the guest of Miss Florence Rogers, inraincoats 35 and $45. iMaysville.J. W. DAVIS & CO. I Mrs. Rudolph Davis was a guest. o I this week of her mother, Mrs. MaryBOX SUPPER Howse, in Carlisle.I Miss Curtis Ogden, of Slaugh-A box supper will be given at the ters, Ky., is the guest of Miss RuthBuddies Mills school, Miss Ora Orr, on Stoner avenue.Lowe,' teacher, on Saturday night, ' Mrs. Earl Ferguson, of GeorgeSeptember 30, for the benefit of the town, is the guest of her sister,school. Everybody invited to at-.-wirs. jonn smart itooerts.tend. ' I m-tb. wooaiora spears will givea tea jmaay tor Mrs. William Merritt Shobe, of Salem, New Jersey.Mrs. Graham Bickerstaff, ofDon't forget to attend the "Rum-1 Brandenburg, who has been visitingBUMMAGE SALE OCTOBEE 6-7mnffe Sale" to be held Friday andSaturday, October 6 to 7 by theladies of the Presbyterian church.The place, of sale will be announcedlater.oSUNDAY SCH00L,LESS0NOn account of ihe crowded condition of our paper, the InternationalSunday School Lesson will be foundon page seven of this issue, insteadof page two, as customary.oCLOSED MONDAYMy store will be closed all dayMonday, October 2, on account ofholiday.JAKE ELVOVE.POTTEE SHOE COMPANY'S PALLDISPLAYThe Potter Shoe Company, ofCincinnati, announces their displayof fashion's latest modes in footwearand Hosiery, on Monday, October 2,at the Hotel Windsor. (It)HEALTH AND WELFAEE LEAGUEMEETINGThe annual meeting of the Bourbon County Health and WelfareLeague for the election of officerswill be held in the County Courtroom in the court house, Thursdayafternoon, October 5, at threeo'clock. Dues of $1.00 per annumare payable at this meeting, orsame may be left at the First National Bank.POOTBALL NOTESParis Hi will meet the Georgetown College Freshmen on Hancock Field this (Friday) afternoonat 3 o'clock. Georgetown is reported to have an unusually strongteam this year, and a close contestis expected.Paris Hi defeated Carlisle Hi lastFriday 12 to 0. The Parisians havebeen busy this week strengtheningdefense and improving their offenseand they are expected to play firstclass football against Georgetown.The new bleachers and ampleparking space for automobiles willfurnish good SQats for everyone.Come out and help support P. H. S.CLOSED MONDAYOur store will be closed Monday,October 2, on account of holiday.THE A. J. WINTERS CO. 'CLOSED MONDAYOur store will be closed Monday,October 2, on account of holiday.SHIRE & FITHIAN.POBMEE BOUEBON GIEL INEADIO CONCERTMrs. David Bachrach, formerlyMiss Birdie Wollstein, of Paris, nowresiding in Dallas, Texas, was complimented recently in the Dallas papers as participating inva radio concert. The complimentary reference was accompanied by a handsome half-tone cut of Mrs. Bachrach.Mrs. Bachrach is the possessor ofa remarkably fine soprano voice,which she used to advantage in concert recitals and in church programs here. At the Dallas concertshe rendered the following selections: Minor and Major, (Spross) ;"For You Alone," (Gheel); "That'sThe World in June," . (Spross) ;t- - ttm-u i i t ?- t . bride of the householdRiego) : "The Cuckoo (Liza Leh-'mann) ; "If No One Ever MarriesMe," (Lizt Lehmannu); "WhoKnows," (Ernst Ball.)O"EEGISTEE TUESDAYMrs. C. M. McGhee. has returnedhome.Mr. and Mrs. C. Blackerbyhave returned to their home nearParis after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Miskell, in Georgetown."Uncle Dick" Moore, of theParis fire department, has returnedfrom a motor trip to Hamilton andDayton, O., where he visited friendsand relatives.Miss Opal Tackett, of Stockton,California, the attractive guest ofMrs. C. F. Faries and Mrs. J. W.Markland, has gone to Owingsville,Ky., to visit her grandparents, Mr.and Mrs. F. F. Tackett.Mrs. C. E. Faries entertainedwith a picnic at Simms' Farm andSpears Mill, Saturday, in honor ofher guest, Miss Opal Tackett, ofStockton, California. About twenty-fiverelatives were present.Mrs. Carroll Daugherty and little son, J. T., of Flemingsburg, andMiss Effie Tackett and Miss NancyBanks Tackett, of Owingsville,have returned home, after a visit toMrs. J. W. Markland and Mrs. C. E.Faries.Mrs. C. M. McGhee gave a dinner on Wednesday evening for herhouse guest, Mrs. Graham Bickerstaff, of Brandenburg, and Mrs. S.C. Muir, of Bardstown, guest of MissOlivia Orr. Covers were laid fortwelve.Mr. and Mrs. Brutus Clay, ofParis, and their guest, Miss PeggyMcElroy, of, Baltimore, Md., andMrs. Harris, of Atlanta, Ga., wereguests Monday evening at a beautifully-planneddinner given byDesha Breckinridge, in Lexington,in compliment to several friendswho were attending the races.Clarence Thomas, Cashier ofthe Peoples-Deposit Bank & f TrustCo., and Buckner Woodford, president of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., will leave tqmorrow for New York City to attendthe meeting of the American Bankers' Association, which convenesthere next week.The first autumn meeting ofthe Millersburg Twentieth CenturyClub will be held to-morrow (Saturday) with Miss Nannie Clark ashostess. The following programwill be rendered: Hostess, MissNannie Clark; leader, Miss RuthMcClintock; Roll Call; Ibsen, TheFather of the Modern Drama, Mrs.Layson Tarr; "A Doll's House,"Mrs. C. C. Jones; "A Lady FromThe Sea,"- Mrs. A. S. Best; Discussion, "Ibsen and His Themes."Mrs. William Merritt Shobe waswas the guest of honor Wednesdayat a lovely luncheon given by Mrs.J. O. Evans at her country home onthe Winchester road. The housewas" lovely in decorations of summerflowers and golden rod. The tablehad for its centerpiece a basket ofgolden rod. A delicious severalcourse luncheon was served. Mrs.Evans' guests for this delightful occasion were: Mesdames WilliamMerritt Shobe, (Salem, N. J.), EddieSpears Hinton, Hume Payne, WalterKenney, William M. Cooper, Magnus Rash, Ashton Gilkey and HenryButler.Miss Olivia. Orr entertained ather home on Stoner avenue, Monday afternoon from three to sixwith a charming hospitality as acourtesy. to her house guest, Mrs. S.C. Muir, of Bardstown. Quantitiesof autumn flowers were in evidencethroughout the house. At 4:30 theguests repaired to the dining room,where a tempting course luncheonwas served. Assisting Miss Orr inthe hospitalities of the afternoonwere Mrs. James A. Orr, the lovelyand MissiRuth Orr. The following guestswere present: Mrs. Muir, Mrs. McGhee, Mrs. Graham Biggerstaff, Mrs.Freeman Simms, Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, Mrs. Rosa Buckner,Miss Elizabeth Grimes Mrs. E M.Dickson, Miss Blanche . Lilleston,Mrs. O. B. Crockett, Mrs. Cassius M.Clay, Mrs. Woodford Spears. Mrs. M.H. Dailey, Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott,Miss Sophie Arnold, Mrs. Frank P.Next Tuesday, October 3, is regular registration day. The votingbooths will be open from 6 a. m. to9 p. m., for both men and womenxsiurc w ic6i. 'Lowry, Mrs. Henry A. PowerIt should be borne m mind that, ,rr, :,.. .this registration is important, for it inot only qualifies voters to participate in the November election thisyear, but in the State primary nextAugust, at which party"will be selected for the various Stateoffices, from Governor down.All eligible voters, therefore, areurged to go to the polling places intheir precincts and- register. No mw 7E00M H0TJSE C0M.registration will be held in thecounty precincts, as the law making ftp 7r?HTg tocatWwTOregistration in county precincts uni- T SnJvk tHtlTlorm with those in cities and towns NORTH CLIFTON AVENUE."was recently held unconstitutional BOUEBON LUMBEE CO.)y the Kentucky Court of Appeals. (noy25-u)(Other Personals on Page 3)Y0UE PICKLESTf vou want them srood. use Fern-candidates dell spices an(j good vinegar.C. P. COOK & CO.NEW HOUSE P0E SALE,The Paris City Schools will present to m the Paris people this fall,winter and spring the most attractive Lyceum Course they have everhad.The course is made up entirely ofmusical companies and entertainers.The famous Temple Singers, whowere so attractive here last season,will return.The following is the program ofentertainers. Cut out this noticeand keep for reference:October 7 Wodonis Indians.October 24 Electa Hunt Co.October 30 Kaufman Quartette.November- 2 Hendry Duo.November 16 Ash Davis.November 20 Robert Bowman.December 4 Temple Singers.''January 13 Pelli tiers Players.February. 8 De Jeu & Co.Miss Frances Butler is chairmanof the finance committee and willsell you a season ticket for $2.50until the auditorium is sold out.Dr. Holmes, of the University ofKentucky, will meet his ExtensionClass in Health Education at theParis City School, Tuesday, October26, at 3 o'clock. Every person interested in Helath Education is invited to join this class.This is the first meeting of theclass and the regular time that theclass will meet has not been determined. Every person interested in healtheducation is invited to join theclasses being conducted at the ParisHigh School under the direction ofDr. Holmes, of the University ofKentucky. These classes are to beconducted every Tuesday afternoonat three o'clock, in the High School.Prof. Farquhar and Dr. Tuthillwill meet their classes in Englishand history at the High Schoolbuilding, to-morrow. . (Saturday)morning, at nine and ten o'clock,respectively. Everyone interestedin these courses is invited to join atthis time.The University of Kentucky extension department will bringhigher education to the doorsteps ofthe mountains this year by the establishment of classes carryingregular college credit in Ashlandand Pikeville, it was announced byProfessor Wellington Patrick, director of extension.Classes already have been startedin Paris. Georgetown and Lexington, and arrangements are underway for classes in Winchester. Theestablishment of extension sectionsin other towns probably will be announced soon.The extension classes will beconducted in the same manner asregular classes expect that they willmeet only once a week.Among the classes at Paris areEnglish, by Professor E. F. Farquhar; hygiene, by Dr. D. K. Holmes,and history, by Dr. Edward Tuthill. Dr. J. T. C. Noe will offer aclass in education at Georgetown.PICTUEE PE0GEAM AT ALAMOAND GEANDTo-day, Friday, September 28Double Feature Day "A Tale ofTwo Worlds;" Blanche Sweet, in"That Girl Montana."Saturday, September 29 GladysBrockwell, Wallace McDonald andLillian Rich in "The Sage Hen;"Pathe News; Clyde Cook, in "ASailor."Monday,'' September 30 WilliamRussell in "Desert Blossoms; '"Thirdepisode of "Adventures of (Robinson Crusoe;" Pathe Review.It is a lucky rail -striker who getsback to work just in time for hisregular vacation.WANTEDOne girl fbr Saturday only.experience necessary.S. H. KRESS & CO.NoFOR SALEHandsome solid mahogany Colonial davenport, newly upholstered.Has not been used. Call Cumberland Phone 54, or Home Phone 577.LOST.Paris of gold 'frame eyeglasses 2 Vzmiles from Paris on North Middletown pike. Reward.REX PARKER,(It) Paris Garage.Have a Look!LADIES' AND MISSES' TND CHILDEEN'S SUITS, COATS, SKIRTS,BLOUSES, ItELLINEEY, DEYGOODS, SILKS, ETC.We Have the Ladies' Home JournalPatterns, at iTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHASj s. goldstineCorner Seventh and. Main Streett' PARIS, KY.WE CLOSE MONDAY, OCTOBER 2nd, ONACCOUNT OF HOLIDAYvOffering Exceptional ValuesIn Men's, and Boys' SuitsShoes, Etc.TODAY AND TOMORROWTo Speed Up SalesMEN'S NEW FALL SUITS ".'$16.75 $20.00$18.00 $22.50BOYS' SUITS$5.95 $6.95 $8.95With Two Pairs PantsFall Goods are Here and Low Prices PrevailLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros.' Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"The Pullman Gives You an Extra RoomWithout Increasing Your Rent1p JVERY family needs extra sleeping quarters in the. home in case of1L emergency. Unexpected visitors come: a nurse may be necessaryBHin any home at any time; you may wish friends to remain overnight or to week-end with you; you may wish to accommodate afriend or good neighbor for a night or two; the man of the family maywishsa business friend remain over night, whatever the emergency oroccasion may be, a Pullman provides the extpa sleeping quarters. ' 'Some families may want to rent out a room because of present high rents.Some families may be moving into smaller apartments with fewer sleeping rooms these are but SOME of the reasons- for the immense popularity of the "Pullman,"Here is an opportunity to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport Bedthat matches up with other furnishings in your home. You can get tjie z-same designs, the same woods (mahogany, walnut or oak), the same com- ""'-fort that you get in the finest stationary davenports.Here is a beautiful living room piece of furniture that is "as handsome asthe finest davenport, as comfortable as the best bed" one t"hat-gives -double,or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture at the priqe ofone.iTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undertakingt ;- "LfrVv3riNEKZ:rvA Sfx'i&ji.tI1?IVt,ntzs, s'" T'r PAGEJ3ELTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY-"" """ " -" r FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 192?mm!-MOTHERS ANDDAUGHTERSRead This Letter from Mrs.W. S. HughesGreenville. DeL-rr"! was tinder theimpression that my eldest daughter hadsome internal troubleas ever since the firsttime her sicknessappeared she had to goto bed and even hadto quit school oncefor a week. I alwaystake Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound myself soI gave it to her andshe has receivedgreat benefit from it.You can use this letter for a testimonial if you wish, as Icannot say too much about what yourmedicine has done for me and for mydaughter." Mrs. Wm. S. Hughes,Greenville, Delaware.Mothers and oftentimes grandmothershave taken and have learned the valuet t)i Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com' pound. So they recommend the medicine to others.The best test of any medicine is whatit has done for others. For nearly fiftyyears we have published letters frommothers, daughters, and women, youngand old, recommending the VegetableCompound. They know what it did forthem and are glad to tell others. Inyour own neighborhood are women whoknow of its great value.Mothers daughters, why not try it ?BUBLEY TOBACCO SUIT TO BETREED SOONThe suit of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Associationagainst Garrett Watts, in which theassociation seeks to recover liquidated damages of $3,500 for hisalleged failure to deliver 70.200pounds of tobacco he had pledged tothe Association, besides counselfees of $1,000, will come up at thenext term of court in Bourbon county, in which the case was filed.Several other cases of the same kindare to be filed soon, Assistant Counsel Virgil Chapman said.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sp-eat Remedy, Radlo-Active MIwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,10-tf) Milan, Ind.STATE W. C. T. V. CLOSES ANNUAL SESSIONMrs. Frances E. Beauchamp, ofLexington, was re-elected presidentof the Women's Christian Temperance Union of Kentucky, whichclosed its annual convention atCovington Tuesday. Other officerschosen for the ensuing year were:Vice-president. Mrs. Dora S.Terry, of Glasgow; correspondingsecretary, Mrs. Anna B. Wheeler, ofLouisville; recording secretary andeditor of State paper, Mrs. LudieDay Pickett, of 'Wilmore; treasurer,Mrs. Nora B. Taylor, of Lexington;State organizer, Mrs. Anna B.Wheeler, of Louisville.The closing address was deliveredby Mrs. Culla J. Vayhinger, of Upland, Ind., national director of theAmericanization department of theW. C. T. U. and a candidate for theIndiana legislature. Reviewing theoutlook for a continued campaignof law enforcement, the speakerurged the delegates to exert everyeffort in their respective communities to stamp out gambling andliquor.MRS. RENAKER FREED ONBONDBail in the sum of $5,000 eachwas fixed in Circuit Court at Winchester for Mrs. Nancy CatherineRenaker and Reese Fox, who, withScobee Hardman, was named in anindictment returned charging conspiracy in the murder July 25 ofMrs. Renaker's husband, Leon Renaker, wealthy poultry commissionmerchant, of Winchester. Both furnished bond and their trial was setfor December 11.Renaker, whose body was foundby Mrs. Renaker on her return fromCincinnati, July 26, left more than$50,000 insurance to his widow. Hehad been beaten to death with ablunt instrument, which never wasfound.Shortly after-Renaker's death, hiswidow gave out a statement denyingwhat she said were rumors that itwas because of Hardman's infatuation for her that the crime was committed. She said Hardman was onlya friend. In addition to employingtwo private detectives, Mrs. Renakeroffered a reward of $2,000 for theconviction of the slayer. She hasnot made any statement regardingher indictment for conspiracy.While bail was being fixed for Foxhis grandfather, James Fox, 77, diedat Lexington, and it is understoodFox will receive a considerableamount of money under tne terms ofthe will.You can't eat your cake and haveit too, but if you don't eat it thecake gets stale.A Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet WillGet You Out of Your HotKitchen At OnceDon't go on doing your work the hard waythis hot weather, just because you think youcan't afford to get relief right now.The strength you waste in your kitchen thiskind of weather will rob you of your youthand vitality. Surely that is the one thingyou really can't afford to have happen.But you actually CAN afford to put in yourkitchen the greatest labor-saving convenience of the times. Because we will put aHOOSIER cabinet in your home on paymentof one dollar you can pay the rest in convenient deferred amounts.A. F. WHEELER & CO.CHAS. GREEN, Manager-'V .R" - 'THEAETIST CONCEBT SEEIESATIEXmaTONFrances Alda, soprano of "Metropolitan Opera Company, will openthe Fifth Annual Artist ConcertSeries in Woodland Auditorium,Lexington, Thursday, October 5, at8:15 p. m.Madam Alda will be assisted byMr. Lester Hodges, pianist. TheBaltimore Sun had the following tosay of Madam Alda: "No morebeautiful singing has been heardhere for a long time than that ofMadam Alda. Her act seems to growin mellowness and assurance witheach succeeding season. The purebeauty of her tones, her fine poiseand the very definite suggestion ofstyle and interpretative appreciation with which she now deliversher songs are striking features ofsomething that is now a very highlypolished artistry."The program that Madam Aldawill give will be as follows:1. Rhapsody in B fiat MajorBrahmsM. Hodges2. (a) A Christmas Carol (15thCentury) Arr. by Bax(b) My Love She's but aLassie Yet Old Scotchc) Marienlied(d) Hat dich hie liebeBerhurt MarxMadam Alda4. (a) RomanceDalayrac-Friedm(b) Seguidillas AlbenizMr. Hodges5. Aria: Marietta's Song, from"Die Tote Stadt" KorngoldMadam Alda5. (a) In Fountain Court .. Russell(b) Mexican Folk Song. . . .Arr. by LaForge(c) The Singer (written forand dedicated to Mme Aide)Maxwell(d) Baby Dear Huerter(e) The Lark Now LeavesHis Wat'ry Nest. . . .HorsmanMadam AldaMary Garden, Albert Spalding,Riccardo Martin and Sergei Rachmaninoff will give the followingconcerts, and either season or single tickets are on sale at LexingtonCollege of Music. Will be on salein Ben Ali Theatre Lobby beginningSaturday at 9 a. m.t'LATE BEPORTS SHOW TWO BUB-LEY CHANGESEDEN PABK COMMUNITY ANDMUSIC FESTIVALThe great number of people whoattended the Music Festivals andSings in Eden Park in the fall of1919, 1920 and 1921, gives promisethan an annual event of this character may, with the proper guidance, become one of the features ofthe musical and recreational life of,the community. The annual programwill be given in Eden Park, Sundayafternoon, October 1, at threeo'clock.The object of these annual festivals is to give the thousands ofpeople who for various reasons donot attend the regular symphonyconcerts, an opportunity to listen tothe best music adequately played;to ralize the values for neighborliness and community morale whenlies in coming together for Community Singing; and to bring to the attention of public spirited men andwomen having the inclination toprovide many such opportunities,the fact that Cincinnatians arequick to appreciate them and willattend the thousands if they haveknowledge of the occasion.The following program will begiven at the Fourth Annual Community Sing and Music Festival, Sunday afternoon, October 1, 1922, at3 p. m. In the event of rain, theprogram will be given the following Sunday:1 Overture Euryanthe. . .Weber2 Dream Pantomime (Hanseland Gretel) Humperdink3 (a) A Hymn of Freedom. . .Carpenter(b) Gloria (12th Mass) . .Mozart4 Fantasy (La Boheme) . . .Punini5 Community Singing6 Waltz Love and Joy. . .Strauss7 (a) Cieloe Mar (Giaconda).Ponchielli; (b) Lend Me Your Aid(Queen of Sheba) .. ..Gounod8 Tannhauser Overture . .WagnerSummer Symphony OrchestraWalter Heerman, Conductor.Dan Beddoe Tenor.Will R. Reeves Song Leader.Mixed Chorus (Conservatory Students, Chamber of Commerce GleeClub, University Glee Club.). COX SAYS TARIFF BILL BIGISSUETwo changes were made by thetobacco growers who are membersof the Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative - Association, according to5belated reports, in the election ofdirectors Monday. One of thesechanges was in the Seventh District,the State of Indiana, in which Dr.S. A. Whitesett, of Kent, waschosen to succeed Everett McClure,of Aurora, and the other n the fifth,the 'Scott county district, whereReuben F. Offutt was named to takethe place of former Sheriff Frank V.Nunnelley.. While reports have not been received from all the districts it is notbelieved at the association headquarters that there will be any additional' changes.The members of the new boardwill take their places October 4 andwill elect three directors at large,besides the officers of the association to serve for one year.The fixing of a definite date forthe closing of the books of the association, for the year, so far as newmembers are concerned, has had theeffect of causing an increase in thenumber of new contracts signed, asgrowers who remain out after Novpmhpr R win have no further on-iportunity to join the association until after the 1922 crop is marketed.Asking what the issue will be in1922, former Governor James M.Cox, of Ohio, and Democratic nominee for President in 1920, declaredat Cleveland, O., in his first addresssince his return from an extensivetour of Europe that "the people thisyear will be asked to elect a Congress that will undo the presenttariff monstrosity.""But we will not lose sight of another great question the international one," Mr. Cox added. "Itwill be more pertinent for discussion, however, in the great nationalforum of 1924."When a. surgeon finds an injuredman suffering from a severed arteryand a broken leg, he sews up theartery first. In the present' instance,bad as the international wound is,the domestic injury inflicted by themost incompetent ConsTPsa in Qn I)VldfnrlT in AT.nm -.- ,1 1 . - I El",oluJ cycu wuiae,; ne said. -t k"COLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute attack of Is'asal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing: the inflammationand assisting; Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo.. Ohio.USEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' PILE OINTMENTFor Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.For sale by all drugghls, mail 50c and $1.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., tups , Cleveland, OlioFor Sale ByOBEBDOREER, THE DRUGGISTIQUNGHMOct. 2 to 14$90,000COmCOKentucky Futurity$21,000The May Day$13,000The Transylvania$5,000GREAT RAGESEvery Day(22-29)BRIGHTEiECfeiJ$YJ$mr&j.KSr' -1M3 'l""" """" nJust HistoryIn 7e VThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was fitBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home t bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric CoBENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phon e 37" Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sfor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"I II 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 Ml !" I HII1IMIMIMIGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 399UWMMWHIWHiMMHMHItMIIIIIIMMIIIMIIChange of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from 81.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedVScMl Hilar &IWe Handle Ail Kinds ofElectrical Novelties fElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSE?FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAY1 'Place Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsBourbon Nurseriesv(Imctrppmtt)vJS1 'FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER .29, 192230 MillionBottlesSoldA SPLENDIDTONICMoAccs FoaEAT BETTERSLEEP BETTERWORK BETTERFEEL BETTERSoli By ALL LEADING DRUGGISTSTHISTLES A1TD ROSES SMELLSAME TO THE DEAD -A few days ago there was a deathin this community. The man hadlived a life of goodness, but for all-iht he was not liked. He was critB5IIBB ij bMicized and censured every day for alAnd sends us slinking in our convarietv of -things that would have scious shame,been amusing if the results hadFearful steadfast eyes we cannotheen less pitiful. He lived nracti-1 cheat;..n i iii !.- vr ii ;,,i p Iamy wuiic, uun uj me aunuuc jjlhis neighbors, whom he loved, and !grieved that he was not able togather them closer tA him. In yearsgone by he had tried to overlooktheir hard remarks and had ventured to slip into the magic circle thatheld friendly words and smiles, but,alas, he soon gave up, neither hisfeelings nor his pride being proofagainst the seeming enmity of thecircle.One day he died. There he laystill in death and on his face apeace that was indicative of the nature of the man. The communityawoke to hear of his death and withone accord they hastened to thelonely house on the hill. Flowersthey carried and placed upon his silent form and his eyes were as blindto the flowers as his ears were deafto the wards of kindness that hovered about him.Too late! How often it happens.How much better to say the kindwords and carry the flowers to the!records of the Judiciary" by Attor-living. Yet, there is scarcely one off ne Ae.nfrai Harry M Daughertythose who needs this but is guilty. nd Assistant Attorney General Mcof the same thing. It is a failing LaugWin, who presented the govthat all mankind is guilty of. ernment s case. Donald R, Rich-Too late! What a comfort to hug befg' f counsel for the shopmen,lo one's heart,when death claimsfriends or relatives to be able to remember that kind words and deeds"had surrounded them while alive.Definitions You Should Know.Conceit Feeling that you are rejected when a girl remarks that shewouldn't marry the best man in theworld. ,Ur.Waddel!"s'Pile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedtil toh have tried Dr. WaddeU'sHU Remedy. Absolutely kaxmUet. Guari to fire abtofete aaftufacboa orrefwded. $1.50 per betrte yowt If not write .IPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS .$26,000.00OFFICERSyrank P. Kiier, Presidenta. L. Weather. Vict President"V7. TO alitckell, CaahlerJno. W. YerkM, AM't CaekierDtn Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...toaaey(MedneCoJISmtfcGrweJCvJFARMERSMHW 'WJ,! liW umiWlWii.y).THE MONUMENTSafe from our idle gaze, this marble shadeKeeps its rebuking solitude of lightWe dare not face. He dwelt inother daysWhen blood and sweat and tears andagoniesPlayed man's soul onward to a hidden goalNot to be dreamed, but won. Hisglance is setAmong the stars that no more beckon usTo steadfast striving; and his lipsare keenWith the deep questions of Eternity.He hewed and built, and with hisresolute handsMade his dream true, and came atlast to dieWith mighty scars upon, him, andhis voiceLashing the laggard years. We hearno moreHis clarion call; the moment is toosoftWith moonlit music lulling men tosleepWhere once a morning thunder stirred their souls.His danger-conquering eyes lookdown on usWith white rage of an unsurrender-ing heartAnd smittenby the silence of thescornThat floods these little days we giveto joy,Rotting in ease that cannot feel orfight.oCOURT DEALS ANOTHER BLOWAT UNIONSHolding the railway shopmen'sstrike a conspiracy in restraint oftrade, in interefercence of interstate commerce and carriage of themails because "where minds meettogether on such a purpose a conspiracy exists without even a wordbeing spoken," Judge James H. Wilkerson, in United States districtcourt at Chicago, Saturday, sustained the government's plea for acountrywide temporary injunctionagainst striking railroad crafts.The decision was hailed as "oneof the most significant victories forlaw and order ever read into the011U "c WUU1U iatt-e au appeal atonce irom tne ruling.TERMS OF ORDERInterferring with operation, repairs and employment on the roads;Conspiring to interfere; Loiteringor tresspassing on railroad property;Attempting to induce road employesto quit or to prevent persons fromseeking employment with the roads;Picketing; Harming employes orwould-be employes or visiting theirhomes; Hindering transportation;Encouraging or directing employes(union members or others) to stopwork, or others to refrain fromseeking work; Issuing instructionsor public statements which mighthave the above effect; Using unionfunds for purposes to be enjoinedas above.In a statement Mr. Richbere: saidhe interpreted the decision as a 'death blow to all big unions, because it will render them powerlessnationally if it is upheld by thehigher courts."The decision, as I interpret it,means that the unions will be liable for any unlawful act committedin connection with a union strike,regardless of who commits it," hesaid.DYE SKIRTvCOATDRAPERIES WITHDIAMOND DYESEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple thatany woman can dye or tint faded,shabby- skirts, dresses, waists, coats,sweaters, stockings, hangings, draperies, everything like new. Buy"Diamond Dyes" no other kindthen perfect home dyeing is guarantee even if you have never dyedbefore. Tell your druggist whetherthe material you wish to dye is woolor silk, or whether it is linen, cotton, or mixed goods. DiamondDyes never streak, spot, fade or run.DEFINING- THE AUTO(Harrodsburg Herald)The automobile is a large iron andrubber contrivance for transforminggasoline into speed, luxury, excitement and obituaries. It consists ofa handsome leather-upholstered carriage body, mounted on fat rubbertired wheels and contains a gizzardfull of machinery suffering from various ailments. It has run over onehundred miles and ten thousandpeople. It can transport seven people from the front porch to the police station, the bankruptcy court,or the golden gate in less time thanany other known method.oEfficient Note.A 'man who spends his time tryingto, convince a woman she is In the.wronc will snever , have time -,to be-1THE BOURBON NEWS,i . t iTOWN PESTSThe Lawn Mower Pest gets in hisDirty Work about Four A. M., justwhen You are Pounding Your Earthe Hardest, and he Clatters Awayunril. lie has Roused Up everybodyfor Blocks around. It's all Very" Wellto give the Lawn a Haircut,, but Whydoesn't he Wait till a Civilized Hour?A FLYING BOAT(Providence Journal)The largest air-liner in the worldis the under construction at Southampton, England. She is to have1,300 horse-power, carry 30 to 40passengers and be capable of crossing the Atlantic in a day. The term"flying boat" is applied to the craftand it seems appropriate in view ofthe fact that her "hull is to be shaped like a boat and the constructionsubstantial enough to allow her toride out a storm while resting uponthe water. There is nothing chemical in such a model. It representsmerely a logical development of thehydroplane. There can be no doubtthat airplanes of great power andcapable of fast and regular Atlanticpassages will be built and the onlyquestion is how soon they will comeinto actual use.GOOD NEWSMany Paris Headers Have Heard Itand Profited Thereby"Good news travels fast," and themany bad back sufferers in Parisare glad to learn where relief maybe found. Many a lame, weak andaching back is bad no more, thanksto Doan's Kidney Pills. Our citi-jzens are telling he good news ofi their experience with thfs testedJ remedy. Here is an example worthI reading: j' Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main street,Paris, says: "I fell and received an! injury which left my kidneys in aweakened condition. I suffered severely and although I took differentremedies nothing gave me a bit ofrelief. My back ached and paineduntil I thought it would break andsharp twinges of pain shot throughmy kidneys. In one week after taking Doan's Kidney Pills I felt likea different woman and a still takethem when I feel my kidneys need atonic." (Statement given February 17, 1908.)On November 12, 1920. Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills arecertainly all they are claimed to beand I recommend them just asstrongly to-day as I did many yearsago. I gladly confirm my formerstatement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's- Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y."TEEASUEY SAVINGS CERTIFICATES Postmaster J. Walter Payne callsattention to the fact that the issueprices of ' Treasury Savings Certificates will be increased on October1 to $820 for the $1,000 certificates,$82.00 for the $ 100 certificates and$20.50 for the $25 certificates."These certificates appeal to people who are seeking an absolutesafe form of investment," said Postmaster J. Walter Payne, "and as thenew prices are not effective untilOctober 1, the certificates can bepurchased until September 30 at thepresent prices of $800 for the $1,000 certificates, at which prices theyield is 4 Vz compounded semi-annually,"the postmaster declared.It was also pointed out that thecertificates are exempt from all local and State taxes and the normalFederal income tax, and that anyindividual or corporation can own$5,000 worth of the present issue.oPIG WITH: EIGHT LEGS BOENIN OHIOIf "pigs is pigs," what is a pigwith eight legs?A pig, with an extra set of frontand rear legs, born on the farm ofAlbert Mclntire, near Urbana, Ohio,lived about fifteen minutes. Thefour extra" legs were on the pig'sneck and in front" of the normalpair of front legs. vr Alf other jmeniberfc' "6f! tne litter. PARIS,; KENTUCKY . "ThMOVED UI0FOUI ratNAHONAiSundaySchool' Lesson T(By REV. p. B. F1TZWATER, D. D.,Teacher of Englloh Bible In tha MoodjBible Institute of Chicago.).Copyright maWestern NewpPr TThIoh.LESSON FOR OCTOBER 1BIRTH OF JOHN THE BAPTISTLESSON TEXT Luke 1:5-23,- 57-63.GOLDEN TEXT-He shall be great inthe sight of the Lord, and he shall drinkno wine nor strong drink. Luke 1:15.REFERENCE MATERIAL Isa. 40:3-5;Mai. 4:4-6.PRIMARYGood News.TOPIC An Angel BringsJUNIOR TOPIC The Birth of John theBaptist.INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICPreparation for the Coming of ChristYOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICThe Place and "Work of John the Baptist. We are today entering upon a sixmonths' course of study in the Gospelof Luke, whose general subject is"Jesus the World's Savior." Today'slesson concerns the birth of John theBaptist, the forerunner of Christ.I. The Parents of John the Baptist(vv. 5-7).1. When They Lived (v. 5). "In thedays of Herod the King." They livedin a day when ungodliness was rife.The priesthood was very corrupt andthe ruling classes were wicked. Zacharias and his wife lived in a timewhen it was not so easy to be godly.2. Their Character (v. 6). Theywere righteous before God. To berighteous before God is a high tribute.Many appear to be righteous beforemen who are not righteous before God.Their lives were so mated that theywalked in the commandments of theLord blameless. How beautiful it iswhen husband and wife are united Inthe Lord and walk together in fellowship with God.3. They Were Childless (v. 7).Though this godly couple were wellmated and they possessed the joy ofthe Lord in their souls, there was areal lack In that home.II. The Birth of John Promised (vv.8-17).1. By Whom (v. 11; cf. v. 19). Theangel Gabriel appeared and madeknown the good news to Zacharias.Tills exalted being, the special messenger of God, was sent to make thisdisclosure.2. When (vv. 8-14). While officiating as priest this good news came tohim. Zacharias must have been definitely praying about this very matter(y. 13). As he burned incense, whichtypified prayer, the multitude withoutwere praying. 43. Characteristics of the Child (w.13-17). (1) Shall be great in the sightof the Lord (v. 15). Though, thepeople did not greatly esteem him hewas highly esteemed by the Lord. Thisis infinitely better than if he had beengreatly esteemed in the eyes of menor in his own eyes. This is the esteemfor which we all should long and pray.(2) Shall drink neither wine norstrong drink (v. 15). The child shallbecome a Nazarlte, separating himself from the sensuous things and dedicating himself to the service of theLord. (3) Be filled with the HolyGhost (v! 15). The energy of the divine Spirit would enable him to leadthe people to repentance (v. 16).(4) Shall go in 'the spirit and powerof Elijah (v. 17). In this power hewas to prepare the people for thecoming of 'the Savior and the salvation which He was 'to bring.III. Zacharias Asking for a Sign(w. ,18-23). ,,Although the aged priest was earnestly' praying for 'the salvation ofIsrael, the gracious promise of theangel,whlch was, the beginning of thatsalvation, "staggered his faith. He wasunable to .believe that that for whichhe fondly hoped and prayed would bferealised. The angel gave -Zacharias asign. TJe was smitten with dumbnesswhich was to continue until the fulfillment of the promise. Because herefused to praise God In faith for thisgracious promise God caused histongue to be silent until the promisewas fulfilled and his lips could openin thanksgiving and praise. Thoughhe was thus rebuked, at the same timehis faith was strengthened by themanifestation of the supernatural.God wants us to trust Him, to believehis promises, no matter how contraryto reason they may seem.IV. The Promise Fulfilled (w. 5763). When the time came for the birth1of John, Elizabeth brought forth a sonand the neighbors rejoiced with her.On the eighth day they circumcizedthe child and gave him a name according to the instruction of the angel(v. 13). The name John was contraryto the family custom. By means ofwriting Zacharias made known thename which he would have by divineinstruction. At this time God -openedthe mouth of Zacharias and he offeredup praise.Youth and Age.In my youth I thought of writing asatire on mankind; but now in myage I think I should write an apologyfor them. Walpole.Lenity and Mercy.When lenity and mercy play for akingdom, the gentler gamester is thesoonest winner. Shakespeare.Heaven Often Smites. ,.Heaven often smites in. mercy, everi)vhn- Tthe blowB&niie. isseverest.--Josnnmmiy mhv iTHE irNXSOrRSAL CAHYou Need One; Buy it Now ,It Insures Health and PleasureFt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGCiLESMOTORParis,x;iX!iIXIXixntta:-:LP ' ' i ' " :Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, .ProprietorstTelephone No. ft West Fifh StreetXxThe fiourbon LaundryParis,1X13X5-LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGCfWE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.rrnmir-Two-Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15vSecond Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSINmtetf Sfc, Niar Mi-k).r.nMmmmfe- 1COMPANYKentuckyKxsxaxiSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesprepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.IKentucky?K?iXsSK;X1HBoth PbonW'JO a. ! ''Ufa niF"JUNE 3t, vat .come a captain of'industry.r'iJX 1f -. fU ( 'l I'J ! u...were perfectly formed. ' -- -fim1-sUitvr.-"ac.r " ?u.X-.'vvxVfTHB BOURBON 1EW8,PARSS, JjJUS&TFAGS EIGHTFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 12ZvhP1if-itREUGIOUSt."jJL fejime of Events In HeligiousCirtles' Far: Present andFntnxeRev. Z. T. Johnson, of Wilmore,rill fill he pulpit at the Littlerftock Methodist church, Sunday af--ternoonat 3:30. A. cordial invita"tfon is extended to all to attend thisservice..Marriage licenses were issued'yesteriay from the office of County'"Clerk Pearce Paton to Wm. FriedrIeyf 23, and Miss Laura Bruen, 21,both of Scott county, and Burris"Morris, 60, and Elizabeth Morris,156, both of Nicholas counfy.Over three hundred delegatesfcave registered for the State, Sun--sday School Convention, to he held"fn Winchester on Octoher 3 to 5."Rev. C. H. Greer, former pastor of'- the Paris Methodist church, nowPresiding Elder of the Covington?3)istrict, will be one of the speakersv-ion the program.Rev. W. S. Maxwell, of theCarlisle Methodist church, is conducting a revival meeting at theHutchison Methodist church, whichVSregaii Sunday. The meeting willicontmue for two weeks. Servicesevery morning at ten o'clock andseven 'o'clock in the" evening. Rev.W. M.' Williams, 'pastor" of, the" Hutchison church, is assisting. Thegpnblic .'is cordially invited to attend-the services. Jtr .Dr. J. Ernest Thacker, ,one. ofthe' best-known evangelists of' the"Soutnern- Presbyterian church, has"Sfoeen- secured to hold a revival in-the Presbyterian church, beginningOctober 29. Instructions have beenireceived from Dr. Thacker upon theorganization of a preliminary work-of the ' meeting. Dr. Thacker believes that a real revival depends ontwo things: It must be "prayeddown" from above, and it must be-"worked up" from below. Dr."Thacker is an earnest preacher ofhe Gospel of Salvation through-faih in Jesps Christ. The commutiity will look forward to a time ofvspiritual uplift.The Sunday morning hour at'-the Presbyterian Church will beigiven, over to the Communion Service. The pastor will preach a com--munionsermon using for the textand subject the words of Christ,""There Make Ready." At the evenjfing "hour the subject will be "TheOrgan of Balance." Sunday being' the first in October the hour of ther evening worship will be changed-sfrjom 7:30 to 7:15. Sunday is Rally3Day in the church. The goal of at'. -tendance is 250. Last year there-were 200 present on Rally Day."Every member of the Sunday Schoolsis urged to come out Sunday mornfins' and to bring some one along'that we can reach the goal of 250.A special Rally Day Program willbe given. Hours of service: Morn&ng 10:55 a. m., Sunday School 9:30--a. m., Christian Endeavor 6:30-8om..STRONG FILM ATTRACTIONSPARIS HOUSESATTWhat -would a Western drama be;- without its thrills, Though an exr iuisite portraiture of the power and.strength of mother love, "The' Sage Hen," the Edgar Lewis-Pather -feature at the Alamo and ParisCrand, Saturday afternoon andvwcrening, contans its full measure of"breath-catching thrills, with Gladys. ZBrockwell, in the title role. ""'"Mr. Lewis took his company tovvJ5earchlight, Nevada, and, as it istke first," time motion pictures were-nrr taken there, he has provided a'Tmew amd interesting scenic backrsronnd for "The Sage Hen."In '.'Desert Blossoms," a William1 JPxxx. pkotoplay which will be shownv iat the-Aalmo and Grand Monday afternoon and evening. William? "Rnssell is starred in the role of aS jung- construction engineer con-v necte with a mighty government--irritation enterprise. Many of thetacenes were filmed on the Mojaves- aesert, in California, forty miles"-.from Death Valley."Desert Blossoms" is declared toTie one of the best vehicles Russell" Jhaa had. An engaging love themeas interwoven with exciting ad-v-s?ntures.SALE OF EDIBLES-r The Wesley Bible Class of the.Methodist church will have a saleffrcsnl edibles Saturday at the Paris Resalty Co.'s office.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS. ,THE THEE LIMIT IS GROWING&H0RT. CALL AT THE TAX COM-'IDSSIONER'S OFFICE IN THE-COURT HOUSE, AND LIST YOURTAXES.BEN WOODFORD,TAX COMMISSIONER.LIVESTOCK NOTESVCharles B. Gager, of Paris, one of"'EBourbon county's most progressive-Shorthorn breeders, recently paid aTrIsit dt inspection to the Thomas2herd at Shelbyville, and selected awiite Shorthorn bull calf by Imp.vHarcBBtoun Grandee for use in hisiood hereof Scotch cows. This calf' "wu ome of the choice calves at -the"TjKxaag frm and will end much torovetkeTaeffer breeding nerd.MATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings 'AtThe Days Go ByBISHOP GAUNCEMiss Adrian Bishop, daughterof J. S. Bishop, and Mr. NolanGaunce, ' son of Mrs. CharlesGaunce, all of Millersburg, wereunited in marriage in Maysville.HARBOLD HARTLEYThe marriage of Miss DorothySimmons Harbold, of Lexington,and Mr. Basil R. Hartley, ofJohannesburg, South Africa, wassolemnized at th'e home of thebride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm.R. Harbold, in Lexington, Mondayafternoon, the ceremony being performed by Rev. Thomas Settle, pastor of the Church of the GoodShepherd.The bride is a sister of Miss Lucille Harbold, of the Paris HighSchool faculty. She is a graduateof Transylvania College, and 'is anunusually vivacious and talentedyoung woman. The bridegroom isa native of England, but has beenin America for several years in theinterest of his father's tobacco business. The senior Mr. Hartley is atobacco expert; with headquartersin South Africa.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Hartley left for California,' wherethey will remain 'until next summer, when Mr. Hartley will havecompleted his work here. Hr. andMrs. Hartley will -then ' sail forSouth Africa, where he will be associated with his father "in the tobaccobusiness.DEATHS- .life Is But A Brief 'Span, AThat All Must PayDebtHUBBARDThomas Foster Hubbard, agedtwelve, son of Andrew J. and MollieLyman Hubbard, died at his homeon Tenth street, Monday, followinga short illness from typhoid fever.Besides his parents he is survived bythree sisters and his maternal andpaternal grandparents.The funeral was held Wednesdayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. O. B. Crockett, pastor of the Methodist church.COLLINS JONESOne of the prettiest weddingsof the autumn was solemnizedWednesday afternoon at" "Collin-wood," the home of Mrs. John T.Collins", near North Middletown,when MissIarie Collins was. unitedm marriage to ivir. u. .ttaymer J ones.About seventy-five guests, includingonly members of the two families,aeiuuiea at iour-tmrty, ana werejJohn Bronson, inreceived Dy Mrs. Stanley Dicksonand Mrs. Edwin Thomas.The beautiful old home was profusely decorated with autumn flowers and lighted by yellow candles.In the hall large baskets of goldenrod carried out the sunset colorscheme. The parlor was decoratedwith silver vases of yellow dahlias.The dining room was especiallybeautiful with the lace-coveredtable; in the center was a silverbasket filled with Golden Gateroses, and silver dishes of mints andconfections molded in yellow roses.The library, where the ceremonywas performed, had an altar of fernsand blooming orange trees, and waslighted by cathedral candles in brassholders.While i the guests assembled Mrs.Robert Jones gave a number ofpiano selections, and Miss MyrtleGlass, of Georgetown, -sang "Until"and "All For You."Promptly at five o'clock thestrains of the wedding march sounded, and the bride accompanied byher brother, Mr. William Collins,came down the wide stairway. Shewas beautiful in an exquisite wedding gown of satin and Russian lacewith veil and crown of orange blossoms. They were met at the altarby the groom and the Rev. F. M.rinaer, wno pertormea an impressive ring ceremony.An informal reception followedand the guests were invited into thedining rooms where a delicious two-course supper was served. Mr. andMrs. Jones left for their weddingjourney in the East.Mr. Jones has extensive farminginterests in Montgomery county, butthe many Bourbon county friends ofthis popular young couple will beglad to know that they will spendthe winter months with Mrs. JohnT. Collins, at "Collinwood," wherethey will be at home to their friendsafter October 15th.KIRKPATRICKProf Lee Kirkpatrick, superintendent" of Paris schools, was calledto Lagrange, Tuesday, by a messageannouncing the death of his sister,Miss Josephine Kirkpatrick, whichoccurred Monday at the home of hersister, Mrs. Sawyer, at Ft. Smith,Arkansas. The body was sent toher old home, at Lagrange, wherethe funeral and interment tookplace Wednesday afternoon.The message gave no particulars,but the inference was that deathhad been sudden, as on the sameday Prof. Kirkpatrick received aletter from his sister, in which nomention was made of her being seriously ill, though she had for..sometime been in declining health.Miss Kirkpatrick is survve'df bytwo sisters, Mrs. Sawyer, of Ft.Smith, with whom she hadbeen making., her home in recent years, and Mrs. Bonner, alsoof the same place; three brothers,Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, of Paris,Hood Kirkpatrick, of Ft. Smith, Arkansas, and Moses Kirkpatrick, ofLouisville..NOTICE TO TAXPAYERSWILSONMrs. Camilla Wilson, formerresident of Paris, where she successfully conducted music classesseveral years, died Monday eveningat the home of her daughter, Mrs.Mandarin, Florida, where she had been making herhome. ' Mrs. Wilson about two yearsago, fell and fractured her hip.Her condition became such that sherequested to be brought to thesanitarium of Dr. Martha Petree, inthis city, which was done. For atime it was thought she woufd recover, but her age was against her,and she returned to Mandarin,where she gradually grew weakeruntil her sufferings were relieved bydeath.Mrs. Wilson was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. John Catchings,of Cuthbert, Ga., and came with thefamily to Bourbon county at anearly period of life. She receivedher education in the schools of herday, and had an especial talent to amusic, which become developed to ahigh degree. She was a highly accomplished and talented woman,who made the most of the opportunities that were afforded her fordeveloping her talents. Early inlife she married John Wilson, ofBourbon county. To this unionwere born two children, Mrs. Nannie Wilson Bronston, of Mandarin,Florida, with whom she made herhome, and Mr. Seymore Wilson, ofNew York City. Her husband diedwhen the children were quite youngand Mrs. Wilson was thrown on herown resources, meeting the issuesof life with a rare courage. Herfriends were numbered by the score,and none knew her but to admireand love her.-"The body was brought to Paris,Wednesday morning and taken tothe home of Mr. and Mrs. HiramRoseberry, on the Cane Ridge pike,near Paris. The funeral was held atthe Methodist church yesterdayI morning at ten o'clock, with' services conducted by Rev. O. B. Crockett. The interment followed on thefamily lot in the Paris CemetJery.The pall-bearers were Hiram Roseberry, Forrest Letton, Oscar T. Hinton, J. S. Wilson, James H. Thompson, Henry A. Power, Joseph W.Davis and James McClure, Sr.BY THE WAY, THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IS ONE "OFTHE BUSIEST PLACES IN TOWNAT PRESENT. FARMERS, BUSINESS MEN AND ALL ARE TRYING TO GET THIS JOB FINISHEDAND DONE WITH. BETTER GETGET .BUSY AND DO LIKEWISENATURE CARVES A DUCK(Wilmore Enterprise)A unique couriosity was broughtinto the office of the Enterpriserecently by Mrs. M." D. McKee, ofHiland Hites, in the county, whichwas found on her place. This is a1white limestone rock fashioned sostrikingly in the shape of a halfgrown duck as to almost deceive'oneat first glance that it really is one.The head is lacking, but from amost natural looking neck down theform is there. Even the bulge below the neck, where the well filledcrop shows in a normal ducking, isperfect. To look at it from the sideit gives a very accurate likeness ofa duck sitting quietly resting on itsbreast. Even the illusion of sprouting feathers is givenby the numerous little particles of stone wMThadhere to the body and are' earthcolored, while . the main body- is Ilight graynearly .white, .ICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quarts$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon. 'Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.BIRTHSMr. and Mrs. M. C. Wells, residing on the Burke & Brent farm,on the Jackstown pike, near Paris,are the happy parents of a fine tenpound son, born September I8. Theyoung heir has been named M. C.Wells, Jr.ALAMO2:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren lOcSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 Ticket!Children Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box Office!$1-00xGRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults 30cGallery 20cChildren 1 OcFRIDAY Doable Feature Day FRIDAYSEE GOUVIRNEUR MORRIS' FAMOUS STORY"A Tale of Two Worlds"A love story runs like a thread of virgin gold through this tremendously exciting drama of the underground dens ofgan Francisco's. Chinatown. 'Blanche Sweet'THAT girlmontana'A drama that reveals a girl's life in the primal days of the early WestSATURDAY -SATURDAY"THE SAGE HEN"A POWERFUL DRAMA OF A WOMAN'S SACRIFICEFor her greatest passions her honor her home and child. It is anEdgar Lewis production. Cast includes GLADYS BR0CKWELL, WALLACE Mcdonald and tjllianrich.ALSO PATHE NEWS AND CLYDE COOK IN "A SAILOR."MONDAY William Fox Presents -MONDAYWILLIAM RUSSELLin "DESERT BLOSSOMS"A distinguished actor in a romance of wonderful charm.ALSO CHAPTER 3 OF "ADVENTURES OF ROBINSON CRUSOE"AND PATHE REVIEWLODGE NOTESBourbon Lodge I. O. O. F. ismaking tlaborate preparations forthe reception to be tendered at thelodge room Monday night to GrandMaster E. B. January, of Paris. TheRebekah Lodge of Paris' will have aprominent part in the proceedings,which promises to be one of themost enjoyable v events the locallodge has held in many years. Following the program refreshmentswill be served in the lodge rooms.A large number of prominent members of lodges from surroundingtowns are expected to be present.Grand Master January by his fidelity to the principles of Odd Fellowship, his active interest in all matters pertaining to the welfare ofthe order, and his energetic way ofhelping to build up small lodges hasbecome an outstanding figure inlodge work. The reception to betendered him Monday night will bein the nature of a testimonial of esteem from his brother Odd Fellows.The meeting nights of the Pythian Sisters has been changed fromThursday to the first and third Fridays in each month.On account of the District meeting of Knights of Pythias, at Ver-4-sailles, which was attended by alarge delegation from Paris, theregular meeting ofRa'thbone Lodge,K. of P., was deferred until a laterdate.BURNS PROPERTY AT AUCTION.The R. L. Burns bungalow, onVine street, at public sale, by Harriis, Speakes & Harris, on Saturday,September 30, at two o'clock, p. m.Read the display ad in THE NEWS.(26-2$)READ THIS CAREFULLY!If the lost breast pin belonging toMrs. John J. McClintock, of Duncanavenue, is returned to her, no questions will be asked.(26-29)Germany will restrict the outputof beer, efforts to restrict the intakehaving failed.Girls will be boys. Brooklyn girlsets fire to a schoolhouse."THE PRIDE OF PARIS'The Leader Department Store will beCLOSED MONDAY, OCT. 2ndBetter Values Than EverAt Paris' Greatest Shoe Store!Newest Fall Footwear that combines style anci quality atsurprising money-saving prices: Buy now and save moneyon school shoes. BETTER SHOES FOR LESS PRICES.DON'T PUT IT OFFv Our line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may, be sold out.Come in we will be glad to showthem. See window display.;THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.cBoys and Youths' Tan SchoolShoes; newest fall styles; allsolid leather; a wonderful value;on sale at - '$2.95Special Ladies' Kid StrapSlippersi "$1.00Ladies' new fall Oxfords in Patentand Tan; medium low heel; aquality Oxford at a great saving;on sale at ' ,$3.95School Shoe Special Misses' andChildrens' Tan Iaace Boots; size9 up to 2. Special$1.99WALKOVERS "NewestAutumnStylesareNowHereBoys and Youths' new fall SchoolShoe; tan leather; all sizes, 13 upto 6. On sale at $1.99 and.-.$2.45Men's Tan OutingShoe$1.79Special values Ladies' and GrowingGirls' Tan Lace Shoes, RubberHeels, English styles. Save a dollar on sale price$2.95Ladies' newest styles Satin StrapSlippers; babV Louis heels orcushion heels. Special$2.85Shop today and tomorrow (Saturday).. Great reductionsin every line of shoes. Our store will be closed Monday,October 2nd, on account of holiday.POSIMER BROS.DAN COHEN336 MAIN STREET-teVifM --- ":"A