" 4& ' -"ik-o ,! rRJti-J.f -;THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.nVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 19227NEWS PROM THE PLAYGROUNDSThe City School playground Friday afternoon was a veritable styleshow. Dolls of all kinds, ages andnationality were to be seen dollbuggies decorated to represent floatsand minafure ladies wearing gayhats and dresses. The groundswere thronged with children andparents. The prize for the best exhibit went to Elizabeth Whitley,dressed at Miss America, accompanied by her dolls from many nations,among which were a doll from London, china doll from! Paris, Dutchioll from The Hague, 3elgium peasant doll, and two Scotch dolls, onewearing the Tartan costume and another the hunting costume. Thesecond prize went to ElizabethOverby.Premiums wee awarded to the following classes: China EdwinaGary, first, Mary 'Mulfinger, second,1311a Mae Maher, third; 1 rag doll,ZNettie Temple DeJarnett, whose dollf n uBtaiia r.mI Ut.: a'-'-' i-"jc uuiiiuij, uuac uuuwas S3 years, second, JIary Lou"Hume, whose doll was 80 years old,and third to Miss Belle Ogden, dollaged 65 years; hand-made dolls,first, to Mary Templin Faulkner'sdoll, made of clothes pins to represent a sailor boy and a Jted Crossnurse; second, to Nettie Temple DeJarnett; most unique, first to NellCain, whose dolls were one-inchtwins, jointed dolls wearing handmade clothes; foreign, first, Elizabeth Whitley, Lillian Dale, second,.Marita Duncan, third, whose dollcame from Hawaii; daintiest dressed, Natalie Linville, first, Anna Savage, second, and Edna Mae Doty,"third; funniest, first, Clarice Ran-"kin, second, Ora Harp, and third toFlorence McCarty.Furniture: Hand-made, NellQuinn. first, second, Nettie DeJarnett, third, Marita Duncan; oldest,iirst, a bureau, age 106 years, exhibited by Elizabeth Whitley; second,-cradle, 49 years, Anna K .Savage;third, to Nancy Baldwin, who exhibited a cabinet 40 years old; dollbuggy. Natalie Linville, first, EdnaIEarl Rummans, second, Bourbon McCarty, third. There was also a dollSuggs' exhibited that was 50 3 earsold.The Three Bear Books made by thechildren on each playground -werejudged and a prize" awarded to thebest on each playground. Jane TanPelt, aged S years, came first at theCity School; A. J. Jarrett, aged 6,from the Brennan playground, andMae Adams, ten years old, from the""Wilson playground. The judgeswere 1. $. uarr, Mrs. JNicnersonand Miss Stivers.The attendance this week hasmore than doubled the first week.'has been Prominent in social andBy actual count the attendance was educational circles in Central Ken2,385, but as yet the supervisors are tucky. Mr. Harris is a son of Mrs.not satisfied and are determined to Jessie Harris, of Paris, and is anmake the five thousand mark. The exceptionally popular young man.City School, supervised by MiriamGalloway, beat the Wilson playground by a narrow margin. Thursday evening the children of theCity School entertained the ballteam in honor of their victory overthe Wilson team. Stories were toldby the children and games played,after which delightful refreshmentsof punch and cake were served. TheWilson playground entertained theirteam Tuesday night, celebratingtheir victory over the Brennanteam. Only one game willbe held this week and that betweenthe Wilson and the City School,Tuesday afternoon on the Wilsonplayground.The kindergarten children of theBrennan playground will have a pea"nut hunt Friday morning and stuntraces in the afternoon. The Wilson"playground will have their peanutliunt Wednesday morning.Wednesday afternoon the girlsbase ball teams of Brennan and the"Wilson will play on the Brennanplayground. Thursday afternoon a"horse shoe pitching contest will beheld between all the playgrounds atBrennan playgrounds. The kindergarten children will start makingtheir Mother Goose books. Muchinterest has been shown in the dollsthat were donated by the clubs ofParis to the playgrounds. The children of the City School have namedtheir doll for Jane Adams of theHull House, in Chicago. The Brennan playground has named theirsfor Martha Lawill and the Wilsonfor Edith Cavell, the martyred RedCross nurse.No program has been planned forthe Fourth of July, as CommunityService does not wish to interferewith the picnic to be held by theKnights of Columbus. Friday evening, July 14, will be stunt night onthe Wilson playground and eachplayground will put on some specialstunt. The program will be announced later.STOP, I00K AND READREAD OUR AD IN TO-DAY'SPAPER. NEW LOW PRICES ONHIGH GRADE MERCHANDISE.NONE OF OUR OFFERINGS ATTHESE LOW P1ICES ARE SECONDS. J1ANX CO.MATRIMONIALit jt n-jjTk player ojf the University of KenA Record of Dan Capid s Doings Aft tucky, and one of Bourbon county'sTIia TIqttq tin -Rttw "J" w I by the Kentucky' State Y. M. C. A.OWENS JOHNSON las camp Pnysical director and swim-Miss Myrtle Owens and Mr. S. ming Satruct?5 or thl seasn atH. Johnson, both of Lair, were'Cmp Mmmth Cave. Foster Mitchmarried by County Judge Batterton, ell another Bourbon county youngin his private office in the court ma' 1S "L cn.asi of the creationhouse. The bride is a daughter of at Camp Danlel BooneMr. and Mrs. David Owens. Mr. i Tne following Bourbon countyJohnson, the bridegroom, is a son of bovs nave enrolled for Camp DanielMr. and Mrs. Jeff Johnson. He is Boone for the period from July 12 toemployed on the Louisville & Nash-'26: Jack Brennan, Billy' Yerkes,ville. jSol Feld, Eddie Merringer, SamMargolen, T. J. Pudy, Win. Talbott,DAVIDSON COOK jEarl Tapp, Joe Varden, John Web-Miss Dorothy Davidson, of ber, Jess Turney and leaders BillyStamping Ground, and Mr. RussellCook, of Georgetown, were marriedin Paris at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the Baptist church. Thebride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Davidson, ofStampingGround, and the bridegroom is a sonof Mr. and Mrs. Harry Cook, ofGeorgetown.-HANLEY SHEEHANThe wedding of Miss WinifredHanley, and Mr. Edward Sheehan,both of Paris, was solemnized at theChurch of The Annunciation in thiscity yestrday morning at sixo'clock. Father William O'Hara,pastor of the church, officiated.The attendants were Mr. Frank Sullivan, of Frankfort, and Miss LucyCampbell, of Paris.The groom is a contracting plas-mi ; ZT- ., :l TViUB,i , , ., , '. "" xxamcj. ami iauu uoireei.WETHERALL HARRISThe marriage of Mr. HaroldFisher Harris and Miss Alice Virginia Wetherall, both of Paris, wassolemnized Saturday morning, atnine o'clock, at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The wedding was a quiet one, onlythe members of the two families being present.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Harris left on the 10:40 Louisville& Nashville train for LookoutMountain, Chattanooga, Tenn., for aweek's sojourn. On their returnthey will go to housekeeping at 456Cypress street.The bride is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. John F. Wetherall, of nearParis. She is a refined and highlyaccomplished young woman, beingeducated at Sacred Heart Collegeand Notre Dame University, andHe is a graduate of the Paris High ISchool and of Transylvania College, in Lexington. He served eightyears in the United States Navy.He is at present Secretary of the!Paris Commercial Club, acting sec -retary of the Bourbon County FarmBureau, and member of the Executive Committee of the Bourbon Post,American Legion.The following announcementshave been sent out to friends andrelatives:"Mr. John Floyd Wetherallannounces the marriage of hisdaughter,Virginia AlicetoMr. Harold Fisher Harrison Saturday, the first of July,nineteen hundred and twenty-two,Paris, Kentucky."BOURNE DOUGLASThe marriage of Miss LauraCatherine Bourne, of Danville, andMr. A. V. Douglas, of Paris, wassolemnized Thursday afternoon atthe home of the bride's parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Bourne, on theShakertown road, near Danville.A delightful musical program preceded the ceremony. Mrs. Guy Jonessang in her rich contralto voice, "OPromise Me" and "I Love YouTruly." Miss Lula Bates playedmost artistically a violin solo. BothMrs. Jones and Miss Bates wereably accompanied by Mrs. AnnaForeman at the piano.The house was beautifully decorated with ferns and June flowers.The bride and groom came downthe stairway, preceded by Dr. Madison A. Hart, pastor of the bride, whoperformed the impressive ring ceremony.The bride, who is the only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bourne,was charming in a gown of tangeorgette, with hat to match, andcarried a bouquet of bride's rosesand lillies of the valley.Mr. and Mrs. Douglas left immediately after the ceremony for a tripthrough the North, after which theywill be at home in Paris.The out-of-town guests presentwere Mr. and Mrs. Ben Wilmott,&iss Sarah Wilmott and Mr. Wardof Lancaster; Mrs. Luther Ray, ofLexington; Mrs. Herbert Willoughrby, of Richmond; uim Irene' Bram-Y. M. C. A. NOTESMr. Basil Hayden, star basket ballfinest young men, has been secured,i Wilson and Leslie O'Neill.Indications now are that therewill be at least three tents of Bourbon county boys to .the camp thisj year.Robert McCarthy has been securedas leader for Camp Mammoth Cave,July 26 to August 9. There will'probably be one tent full of boysI from Mason and Bourbon coun-I ties.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERSTHE TAX COMMISSIONERSOFFICE IN THE COURT HOUSEWILL BE OPEN JULY 1, ANDTHEREAFTER.BEN WOODFORD, JR.BOURBON CO. TAX COM.(june30-4t)blett' of Paris' Miss Dotie Douglas,of Paris, daughter of the groom;".Miss Fay Action, of Lexington;i n ttt.t u tton; Mr. Cecil Arnold, of Lexington; Miss Rebecca Sistrunk, of Lexington; Miss Clarice Harlow, ofLouisville; Mrs. J. H. Bourne, andMr. Cleveland Bourne, of Lancaster.BIDDLE RIONThe marriage of Miss SenaRion and Mr. M. O. Biddle, both ofParis, was solemnized at eighto'clock Saturday night, at the homeof the bride, at Seventh and Walker avenue, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church, offici-ating.The bride was becomingly gownedin white crepe metier, with chantillylace, and her bouquet was of bride'sroses. The home was beautifullydecorated with ferns and cut flowers. The bride is an accomplishedyoung woman, who has for severalyears held the position of Cashierin the Chas. S. Goldstein store, atMain and Eighth streets. Mr. Biddie is traveling representative forRawleigh Company, a proprietorymanufacturing concern makingheadquarters in this city. Both aremembers of the choir of Paris Christian church, and are prominent socially. Mr. and Mrs. Biddle left for amonth's bridal trip in Indiana. On"their return they will go to housej keeping- on Twentieth street.DAVIS ARMSTRONGThe wedding of Mrs. BeverlyJouett Davis, formerly of Paris, andMaj. Francis T. Armstrong, SixthField Artillery, U. S. A., was solemnized at 8 o'clock Wednesdayevening at the home of the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Edward S.Jouett, on Cherokee Road, Louisville, Kentucky.The ceremony was performed bythe Rev. E. L. Powell before an improvised altar of palms and ferns,which was lighted with tall cathedral candles. The house was decorated with palms, ferns and summerflowers.Mrs. John Sheridan Winn, formerly Miss Virginia Jouett, was hersister.s matr0n of honor and MajorJoseph Grunwald, U. S. A., wasMajor Armstrong's best man.The ceremony was followed by areception. The guests were servedat small tables on the lawn in therear of the home.Following the ceremony and reception Major Armstrong and Mrs.Armstrong left on their weddingtrip and after September 1 will goto Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont,where Major Armstrong will be stationed. The bride, one of the most charming young women, was a great socialfavorite during her residence inParis, where she has a host of warmfriends and admirers.The following announcementshave been received by friends andrelatives in Paris:"Mr. and Mrs. Edward S. Jouettannounce the marriage of theirdaughter,Mrs. Beverley Jouett Davis,toMajor Francis T. Armstrong,on Wednesday, June thetwenty-eighth,Nineteen hundred and twenty-one,v Twelve hundred and fifty-threeCherokee RoadLouisville, Kentucky.""At Homeafter September the fifteenth,at Fort Etham Allea, Vermomt."BASE BALLSUNDAY'S RESULTSLexington 8, Paris 0.Maysville 6, Winchester 3.Cynthiana 8, Mt. Sterling 4.TO-DAY'S GAMESLexington at Cynthiana.Paris at Maysville.Mt. Sterling at Winchester.CLUB STANDINGClub Won LostMaysville 16 5Lexington 12 8Pet..762.600.524.476.381.250Paris 11Winchester 10Cynthiana 8Mt. Sterling . . . . 510111315Cynthiana played errorless baseball behind Rorer and Rehkamp inin the game at Cynthiana, Thursday with the Paris Mammoths, shutting out their opponents by thescore of 3 to 0. The game was fullof features. Fast fielding by theCynthiana outfield robbed Paris ofseveral chances to score. The batteries were: For Paris, Wills andDugan; for Cynthiana, Rorer, Rehkamp, Willis and Mcllvaine. Thegame went an hour and fifty minutes. Gay umpired.Lexington undoubtedly has the"hoodoo sign" on Paris. Paris isthe only team in the Blue GrassLeague with a respectful battingaverage and yet the Parisians arethe only team that has not defeatedLexington.Paris took the scoreless end of ashut-out game in Lexington, Sundayafternoon, when the Studebakers"goosegged" them to the tune of 8to 0. In the first inning Paris usedfour pitchers, Lexington taking thestarch out of them in the swatfestthat followed. This makes the fifthtime the Paris aggregation has triedI to down the Lexington bunch, coming to grief each time. The old hoodood still seems to be in good working order. Lexington made six runsin the first inning, and one each inthe second and fifth. The fourParis twirlers who made offerings tothe Lexington sluggers were Wills,JMcCord, Miner and Parsons, the latter being a new recruit. The resultof Sunday's game puts the Lexington team a game and a half aheadjof the Paris team. In Sunday's gameParis played without an error beingchalked up against them butcouldn't break the hoodoo. Thegame lasted an hour and fortyfive minutes, and was umpired byDay, who gave satisfaction allaround. The game was witnessedby a large crowd of Paris fans.The Lexington Herald's sportingwriter pays tribute in Sunday's paper to two Paris players as follows:"Nippert, the Miami Universityproduct who is playing left field forthe Mammoths, has played in sixgames and has hit safely in eachone. This is the longest hitting Istreak extant in the league just now.Miner, the Paris southpaw, didn'tlook to be a wonder yesterday, andhe may not be. But just now he isrunning a neck and neck race withMonhollen, Lexington's star lefthander, for strikeout honors in theleague. Miner has whiffed 62 menin 59 innings pitched."Representatives of the clubs inthe Bluegrass League will meet atCynthiana to-morrow night, for thepurpose of taking action on the proposed new three games a weekschedule, to take the place of thepresent schedule, of two gamesweekly. The announcement wasmade by President Thos. M. Russell,of Maysville, while in Lexington. Ifthe new schedule is adopted Mr.Russell said, it will probably go intoeffect on Sunday, July 9. Under theproposed schedule the games wouldbe played on Thursdays, Saturdaysand Sunday. Some of 'the baseballpeople got their dates mixed andwent to Cynthiana last Wednesdaynight, only to find they were a weekahead of the real date of the meeting. The only difficulty anticipatedis to satisfy the Lexington club,which has been holding out for allSunday games in which the teamparticipates to be played in Lexington.In reference to the proposedchange from two to three games aweek, some of the clubs object tothe change on the ground thatSaturday base ball will hurt smalltowns in the League. The Lexington team objects to the change, thatis, if they are to be deprived oftheir Sunday games at home. Fromthe past week-day .games, ManagerJesse Morton states that the contestson Sunday are the only ones thatare paying, and if the club has tolose these games at home it wouldalmost force them to withdrawfrom the circuit. However, beforethe schedule can be adopted, unanimous consent of the six clubs mustbe had which at present looks verydoubtful.A team composed of players selected from the four clubs of theChurch League, played a team atNorth Middletown, Saturday afternoon, winning out by ascore ot 11to. ' -RAILROAD SHOPMEN IN "AWALKOUT"In obedience to instructions fromthe leaders of their union, about onehundred and eighty railroad shopmen employed in various branches ofthe work in the South Paris yardsof the Louisville & Nashville, laiddown their tools and "walked out"Saturday morning, being a part ofthe nation wide protest against thewage cut instituted by the RailroadBoard at Chicago. The strikers refused to couple the air hose on outgoing trains, but made no otherdemonstration.The men on strike are orderlv andno trouble is anticipated here. TheLouisville & Nashville has placedseveral guards at important stationsin their local territory, as a matterof precaution. The men are takingthe situation very philosophically,and their leaders scoff at any intimation of possible trouble. It is theirbelief that the rail strike will besettled satisfactorily within tendays. Local interest was centeredyesterday in the possibility of a callfrom the meeting at Detroit for themaintenance of way men, trackmenand others to join the ranks of thestrikers. A conference of strikerswas held Sunday afternoon, atwhich the situation was thoroughlygone into, but no details were givenout for publication.The strikers are jubilant over thefact that only five of the differentbranches of the service which wenton strike have remained at theirwork. Opinions differ as to the effect on the running of trains. Railroad officials say there has been nochange beyond a delay of a fewminutes in the schedule. The strikers, however, claim that the freightservice has been crippled, and thatno freight trains northbound fromCorbin have passed through Parissince Saturday afternoon. It was reported that the five men who refused to walk out Saturday morninghad reconsidered, following an interview with a committee of strikers,and had joined their associates,making the strike here one hundredper cent.A dispatch from Chicago to the afternoon papers yesterday stated:"The six railway shop crafts unionswhich went on strike Saturday wereoutlawed by the United States Railroad Labor Board to-day."In a formal resolution the boarddeclared that the unions, by theiraction, forfeited all rights before theboard as railway employes and thatnew organizations of shopmen taking the striking men's jobs shouldbe formed to represent the shop employes in disputes before the board."COMMUNITY SERVICE TO GIVE"NEIGHBORHOOD NIGHT"The Community Service has planned several kinds of entertainmentsfor the summer. One of the mostenjoyable will be observed Friday,July 7, and will be known as"Neighborhood Night." The objectof this is for the people of differentsections of the city to get together,to meet old friends, and to makenew ones, in fact, to have a goodtime generally.Everyone is invited to come out.Everything is free. In your neighborhood you will be hosts to the visitors, and it is up to you to see thatthere is a crowd waiting to receivethem and to make them welcome.There will be four stopping places, and the court house will be thestarting point. There will be trucksto accommodate those who help todo the entertaining, and there willbe music, singing, and differentkinds of stunts. At each point oneor more of our popular speakers willmake short speeches. All who cansing, or who wish to try will meetat the Y. M. C. A. Thursday nightat 7:30 o'clock, for rehearsal. Familiar songs will be chosen, and theyoung people are especially urged toparticipate.Remember the meeting place,court house square, Friday, 6:45 p.m., and the stopping places, Nineteenth and Main, 7:00 p. m., Fifteenth and High, 7:30 p. m., Seventh and Walker avenue, 8:00 p. m.,Second and Lilleston avenue, 8:30p. m.CLOSED 4TH OF JULYTHE LEADERSTORE WILL BEDAY, JULY 4TH.DEPARTMENTCLOSED ALLJULY COURT DAYJuly court day attracted only asmall crowd to the city yesterday,due to weather conditions, and thepresence of the "bill collectors,"who were very much in evidence.Trading in stock was light, the demand and supply being about equal.Merchants reported their collectionsfor the first day of the new monthas very good. Business was on theup-grade, and merchants seeued toTiew the future with ostimiss.NOTICE TO FORMER SERVIC!MENRev. T. S. Smylie, Commander ofBourbon Post, American Legion,calls attention of all disabled ex-ser-.vice men who are not receiving compensation from the Government, butwho should be receiving such compensation; all disabled men whosecompensation is not properly adjusted or is not coming regularly;and all men who have complaint tomake about their compensation, toreport this week to Flournoy Hagan,Adjutant of Bourbon Post, at hisoffice in the First National Bankbuilding, and fill out one of theforms for disabled men.This is a Statewide campaign onfor cleaning up all these casea.Bourbon Post wishes to co-operatewith any "buddie" in the effort tostraighten out his compensation tangles and will do all it can to helpGet in touch right away with Mr.Hagan. Do it today. The delay ofa few days may mean that you cannot get your claim in in time. Thisis of the greatest importance to alldisabled ex-service men.-o-NEWS OP THE COURTSIn the County Court Saturdaymorning Judge George Battertonheard evidence in the case of FrankHanks, of near Millersburg, chargedwith selling moonshine liquor, andHenry Feeback, of near the sameplace, who was charged with havingliquor in his possession. Hankswas fined $200 and given a ' jailsentence of sixty days. Feebackwaived examination and was held tothe grand jury in the sum of $500.A few days ago two men, wearingblue overalls, claiming to be fromMt. Sterling, came to Millersburg.After strolling around the city for atime they asked a man if he knewwhere they could get some moonshine whisky. They were sent toFeeback, who was then in Millersburg. Feeback is alleged to havetold the men that he could get themany quantity desired. The men further stated that they wanted to buya good still. According to the storyFeeback had just what they wanted.They then bought a half-pint fromHanks, and one of the men wentwith Feeback to inspect the still.When they arrived at the Feebackhome it was found that his stockhad been previously disposed of, buta deal, it was alleged, was made forpurchase of the still. When the twomen returned to Millersburg theywere arrested by Marshal Linville.The two strangers proved to be prohibition officers.HotWeatherSuggestsFainBeachSuitsWe're with you when youcuss the heat.And because we are wesuggest Palm Beach Suits.They make you cooler because they allow the bodyheat to escape.We advise that you selectnow while assortments areso complete.Mitchell &Blakemore(m Know ijowrte1frii?r.IfiW!MftmUif5VIV-.tlUi...ilM15VfJt1f9. i'4t13M.Mmin-i,-trr"PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYz z 6i 'f Afinr AYQggni;mE BOURBON NEWSfaUUiihed 18f:41 Years of Con--tinnonsPublicationsTfrtflilnd Xvery Tuesday and FridayTar -$2.006 Months 1.00Payable Cash in Advance.MliniTCHAMP, Editor and Owner.?flBered at -the Paris, Kentucky.,itoffie as Mail Matter of theSttond Class.)JBUR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. "Mew Tork- American Press Asso-kicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.- Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency-Cincinnati Blaine Thompson CoILrnisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESUfeplay Advertisements, $1.00 per'"Tmrih for first time; 50 cents per inch"4ak. subsequent insertion..Steading Notices,, 10 cents per line'.3di issue; reading notices in black23T&B, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi.aes, obituaries and resolutions and--s&afilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise--,3Es.tsand yearly contracts.T3lq right of publisher is reserveda decline any advertisement orcGker matter for publication.Announcements for political officesaesisi invariably be accompanied by3te -cash.Aaiy erroneous reflection upon the,.-iKzracter, standing or reputation of-. mxlt person, firm or corporation-tjpfclch may appear in the columns- THE BOURBON NEWS will be,-jssIy corrected if brought to thei&e2ition of the editor-TORIAL FLINGSA, Paris man says: "All courtshipis s. .gamble for high stakes." Yep,- azra. the average married life is a.straggle for high steaks in circum-.-:iZ22iees in which the husband hasn't- -a gambler's chance.11 live years' suspension of licensesSa drive an automobile should beSsstjtnted as the penalty for fast."r2hr5jis many hucbands would serve.- cs sleuths to save gasoline red ess3illsh closer contanct between thesissus -and the home.Thomas A. Edison ascribes his--oMlily to work eighteen hours aNcayto wearing loose clothes and-islioes. The character of one's ward-rrolfra may have a bearing upon one'srs&ility to work eighteen hours a.js& but temperament determines-&& ability to do so.Zt is said there are more critics toJ3sb square yard in Paris than in anyz&ssvfm. in Central Kentucky. Why-sscmld there not be when there areTsore idle brains here than most333-;ywhcrc. They have nothing elsa3o but gossip, and falsify, and injjpare character. Hades ia full oC-sacs, people.Tbere n abundance cf proof that'ScHstuckians who cros the Ohiotrirsr -at Louisville to marry in NewSLibany or Jellersonville are divorced' laa large number of casas,' butsrsether a majority of the contract-&2ET parties cross the river moved bydsat information rather than bjr incarnation, records will never reveal.Xt has been said that if you will'i&acli an automobile up to a rat hole,- ascitach a rubber hose to the exhaust, sad start the engine, the gas from&e exhaust will kill every ratarfiich cannot escape from the hole.Sut of course, a rat is small game-compared with a pedestrian, and'Ikacking up to a rat hole is poor.rscxt compared with driving forty' '2ises an hour on a crowded public' thorough! are.Wouldn't this be a' real case ofshooting the bull?" A Bourbon-osoiinty man becoming angry at arefractory bull which had gottenSsose on the farm and was running-rarHd, sent his son out after the ani-raial, and then joined in the chase-with a shotgun loaded with bird-shot. He took a pot shot at theSrall just as his son got in the way,smd the son received the load of. isliot "in the fracas," wherever thatcSs..A Paris man who journeyed toOynthiana last Thursday to witnessihe game between Paris and Cyn' thiana is authority for the follow.ing: "I had a nice seat in the; grandstand, with two unusuallyT pretty Paris girls as neighbors.They were enthusiastic over the-i -sgame, though unfamiliar with its-details. They applauded every play,goda, bad or indifferent, and kept-4ip -a running fire of comment all' the way through. At one time the- -bases were full, while Paris was at- the bat. "Oh, isn't that fine?" ex--claimedone of the girls, "We havetm. man on every base." "Why, dear,t that's nothing' said her companion,- --sorrowfully, "so has the CynthlanaAnd when that 3 to 0 scoreposted up these girls nearly hadsJkWHOESE RACING IS AH ANCIENTSPORTHow come that 50,000 people,each braving the barbed elbows ofthe other '49,999, gather on theperspiring lawn at Latonia while aband of sleek skinned, fire-orbedthoroughbreds rushed madly aboundthe beautiful curves of the Milldaleracing course? How come thatthousands of men and women inEast and West and North andSouth wait anxiously for the firsttidings of that little mile and a quarter jaunt across the river from Cincinnati? How come that men yelland women scream? How come thatfortunes disappear and instantlyarise elsewhere? How come thatnewsboys bawl -and the headlinesshriek? How come?There is that in the thoroughbredthat makes men do these things.His is a power born of the primitiveinstincts of our forefathers and oldas history itself. Apropos the Latonia Special and the thoroughbred,says the Horse Association of America: "Racing began thousands of yearsbefore Christ among Arabians, todetermine the fleetest, strongest andmost enduring horses, the lives oftheir owners often depending thereon. Race winners were used thousands of years ago as sires and thissteadily improved Arabian horses.Later, the best Arab, Turk and Barbstallions were taken to England andcrossed on the fleetest native running mares. History shows that thebest of progeny was developed andselected by racing. The standard ofadmission to the Thoroughbred Studbook was originally based solely onperformance on the turf. Only thosehaving a high standard of speedstrength and endurance were eligible to record."Thoroughbred blood resultedfrom continual racing and selection,each generation showing slight improvement over the foregoing. Threehundred years of constant, selectivebreeding of mares to the fleetest,most enduring sires, gave the thoroughbred breed extreme speed, courage, endurance and gameness, withthe result that the breed has beenused as fountain blood for otherbreeds, namely, American standardbred trotter and American saddlehorse."Thoroughbred blood is infused insome measure into Hackney andMorgan horses. Thoroughbred isnow the most used of any hot blooded breed for the improvement ofsaddle, cavalry, hunting and polohorses."Down through the ages the racecourse has been a fiery crucible, inwhich horses possessing the desiredqualities in the greatest measure areseparated from those less endowed.Successive races are required todemonstrate the staying quality andendurance of horses."There are two things in the worldwhich will arrest the attention of allmen beautiful women and beautiful horses. All the world over menwatched with interest Saturday'srace because they have inheritedfrom .heir forefathers this instinctto admire the endurance, gamenessand extraordinary speed of linehorses."A?3I rUEEAUS i?0R B jRLEYVGOI ?!AHThe West Virginia Tarm Fed errtioi a'ter an :nvesilgation conducted!by Secretary J. B. McLaughlin,c;iven its endorsement and approvalto the Association's Marketing system and to the movement to sign upthe burley tobacco crop of Ye3L Virginia to the Association."The Farm Bureau of West Vir-ginia,' said Secretary McLaughlin,"has made an investigation of theAssociation, with results entirely satisfactory. The principles incorporated into the organization are thoroughly sound .and give the tobaccogrowers of this State their first andgreatest opportunity to sell their tobacco in an orderly and businesslike way. We heartily endorse thisAssociation and urge ail farmers whogrow tobacco to join it as soon aspossible."Secretary McLaughlin has been atHuntington conferring . with Manager Clifton Rodes, of the West Virginia field force, as to how the FarmBureau might aid in furthering thecampaign in that State. In his investigation of the Association, Mr.McLaughlin came to Lexington withC. A. Jackson, a member of the executive committee, and had a firsthand view of the operations of theAssociation.The 014o Farm Federation alsohas endorsed the Burley Co-operativemovement, Assistant ManagerJames A. Dixon, of the West Virginia and Eastern Ohio headquarters, reported from Columbus lastweek.WOMEN PLAN CELEBRATIONPlans for a nation' wide observance of July 4 were made at the biennial convention of the general federation of women's clubs, at Chautauqua, N. Y., recently. Thousandsof communities, it is expected, willfollow the program for service celebration outlined by Mrs. Percy V.Pennybacker, of" Austin, Texas.0 :Training Child Through Play.The soul of the child in his playhould be trained to that sort of excellence In which, when he grows tomanhood, he will have to be norf aMUST SHOW HOW FUNDS ABebOABD OF HEALTH MAKES IN-SPENT TCT nAMFAlttflS ISweeping regulations for publicity of campaign contributions areprovided for in a bill introduced byChairman Andrews, of the HouseCommittee on Election of President,Vice-President, and members of Congress. While the bill makes no attemptto regulate primary expenditures inview of the decision of the SupremeCourt in the Newberry case thatsuch regulation came within theprovince of the States, it wouldlimit Expenditures by candidates forthe Senate to $10,000 and candidates for the House to $5,000, andstipulate ,that no candidate shallpromise any man a political job inexchange for his support.The name of every person contributing $100 or more would bepublished.The bill provides that reportsshall be made by the national committees on all political parties, congressional campaign committees, associations or organizations of everynature, kind and description forwhatever purpose created, organizedor incorporated, or any subsidiarythereof, which shall in two or moreStates influence the result or attempt to influence the result of anelection at which representatives inCongress are to be elected."What is regarded by advocates cfthe bill as a drastic provision provides that every provision, firm, association, except political committeesas already provided for, that shallexpend or promise any sum of moneyor any other thing of value amounting to $50 or more "for the purposeof influencing or controlling in twoor more States the result of an election of a Senator or Representativeunless ho or she contribute the sameiu a political committee, snan me astatement of the same under oathwith the clerk of the House cf Representatives." It was explained that this wouldgive publicity to individual contributions not made through politicalcommittees and would help to account for every dorlar spent in anycampaign.GERMAN PIRMS COLLECT SOUVENIRS FOR YANKS"Keep souvenirs ready for theAmericans," is the advice given toBerlin, Germany, hotel keepers andstorekeepers by the Berliner Tageblatt. "American tourists are especially fond of them."It is also noteworthy to keepgood placards ready to be handedout to the hotel gu'ests when theyleave the hotel. Americans arccrazy about them and like to havethem fixed on their trunks and bagsand suitcases as a sort of recommendation, betraying their payingcapacities."Numerous German firms alreadyprepare collections with the meatbeautiful designs of famous artists.o satisfy these demands. They ailspeculate on the Aemerican's habitof buying rfets of such placards fortheir collections at home.2&LU AIvD WATER RATES PHILADELPHIA TO SOUTHAnrouncement is made by theSouthern Railway System of tbQ. establiehment of rail and waterhasjfreiSnt service between Philadelphiaand the South in connection with'he Inland Steamship Company, viaPinners Point, the Southern's terminal opposite Norfolk.Rates with the usual differentialsunder the all-rail rates will applyi on trade moving via this route between Philadeipina and contiguousterritory on the one hand and pointsin the Carolina, Southeastern andMississippi Valley terrtories on theother.The Inland Steamship Companyhas a line of self-propolled baigeswith daily service between Philadelphia and Norfolk. Freight leaving Philadelphia one day will be delivered at, Pinners Point the following morning in time for forwardingto the South on the Southern's fastmanifest freight train No. 53.-o-12,578 CHILDRENAGEOF SCHOOLReports of school census of morethan half of the cities and countiesof the State have, been received bySuperintendent of Public InstructionGeorge Colvin and in many instances show increases over lastyear.. Some of the reports havebeen approved by the Department ofEducation and others are "pending.Jefferson county's report, whichhas not boon approved, shows aschool census of 6,373. Louisville isnot taking a census this year.The report of Lexington shows ?,Ill children of school age in thecity, while Fayette county has 3,467making a total of 12,578 children ofschool age in the city of Lexingtonand Fayette county.Franklin county has a total of 4,395 children of school age, of which1,806. live in the city and 2,589 inthe county.Jefferson county has two independent districts, Anchorage andHikes, the former having a censusof 200 and the latter of 277.Many of the counties have beenvery slow about making the censuswhich should have been on file inoriUXlUJ)l vidijlAltogether 3,3 60 inspections weremade by the two inspectors of theState Board of Health's Bureau ofPure Food and Drugs in 1922, according to Miss Sarah Vance, director of the bureau, who has justfinished tabulation of the work donelast year.Some of these inspections weremade in every county in Kentuckywith eight exceptions. Two hundred and eighty-five communities inall were visited by the inspectors.The kind of places inspected included bakeries, bottling plants,dairies, groceries, hotels, restaurants, soda fountains, slaughterhouses, food factories, ice creamplants, produce houses and patentmedicine factories. Fifty-four summer resorts also were visited.The Bureau of Pure Food andDrugs will employ a third inspectorafter July 1, Miss Vance said, thiswill permit great extension of itsusefulness to people of the State.We are afraid the matter will dropentirely out of the newspapersbefore we find out whether AacnaArica is the name of a new softdrink or a Balkan general.OPPORTUNITYUnusual opportunity for youngman to learn mercantile business;must be willing to work hard for assured advancement; state age, pastexperience and religious preferencein first letter. Address MERCANTILE, care BOURBON NEWS.(june30-2t)DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST REbULTSECONOMICALQUICKMM'-iAiA,iAuajuJU38J-a,srffjrrcsx,jTJiTgAiziiMkai3nMtKrasrAutomobile motormoter; foundFriday night near Standard Oil filling station, Main and Eighhstreets. Owner call at THE NEWSoffice, prove ownership and pay advertising charges.New and Used FurnitureTrade in your old furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Scoiw! Rtrpo.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(aug!5-tf)XJSS"XXTZWSS.. .u'jarrEGGS WAIMTEDEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place aBrent & Company's Coal Yarc'. 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Fhone 123.(21-tf W. O. CROMBIE., ,f : s.iuilAdtnimslraior's Notice 1All persons having claims againstthe estate of Dr. J. W. Mebane. deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned administrator, for adjustment and pay men.All such claims not presented within the legal limit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Dr. J. W.Mebane, deceased, are hereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. MRS. C. D. C. MEBANE,Adm'r of J. W. Mebane(20-3wks)Administrator's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Phoebe A. Shackleford, deceased, are hereby notifiedto present same, properly proven,as required by law, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment. All such claimsnot presented within the legal limitprescribed by law, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs. PhoebeA. Shackleford, deceased, are herebynotified to call upon the undersigned Administrators, and makefull 'and satisfactory payment ofsuch indebtedness.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST COMPANY,Admr's Mrs. Phoebe A. Shackleford.(20-3wks)PUBLIC WEIGHING!ATTENTION, FAEMEES!We are now operating the scalesrecently used by STUART J $O'BRIEN, and will be pleased to doall kinds of weighing for the public. teohas inrr.FOR SALE.International Hay Press; beltpower; good condition; size 17x22.H. M. LEVI,Phone 51-7, Cynthiafna, Ky.Executor's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Rebecca Nippert,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven as required by law, to the undersignedExecutor, for adjustment and payment, on or before July 20, 1922.All persons knowing " themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs. Rebecca Nippert, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedExecutor and make full and promptsettlement of such indebtedness.JAMES M. O'BRIEN,Executor of the Will of Mrs. RebeccaNippert.(23june3wks)EXCURSIONCincinnati, 0.,And Return Via$2.00 L. & N. $2.00Further Reduction For Children,Sunday, July 16 1922Special train will leave Paris 8:20a. m., returning will leave FourthStreet Station, Cincinnati, 6:30 p.ra., Central Standard Time, (7:30 p.m City Time.) For further information, consult Local Ticket Agent.(july4-3t)CAHAL BSiOS.B AEBEE SHOP4 WHITE EAP.BESS-4"Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND C0U3 BATHSBVSXmmsaC IH HHt-lli'IKgRlOBJa'"""'l llllTlill ! ilTtemmiCSj.-...i . mi H , lH .!! tt0tm1 a3 -. m. -. SVamMriace rroaiic oarageSTUDEBAKGOODRICH ANOBLUE GRA55OPEKA VGenuine ITordlExpert BaKcryRepairs Storage(tf)iknna.vjutiaS"ITS C2dGeiSa',o FromSecond Crop 5sz.& Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO,FLORISTSNineteenth SL, Near Main Bolh Photresi1.. ,, -i i , -..-- rfl-7r r-AJ.i mum rrnrWTTTiMirifirninTwi rwistSMHSfccsaiMte. T.KS UKJACERSAL CAR40..WfaKiDid You Get Yours?If Not, Why Not?It may be that you did not know howeasy it is to buy a car.Do not put it off, but come now whileyou can get these liberal terms.$146.00 down and the rest in twelvemonths buys you a car.Enjoy your car while paying for it.Why hesitate?RUGGLESMOTOR COMJRANY,2 JUlZ It?9 -o ..1NTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexingtonLexington,To Paris6:00 a. m.-7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m6:00 . m.7:0 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.7:058:059:0510:0511:0512:051:052:05a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.p. m.p. m,p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:056:057:058:1510:0511:55p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.Cash Pare, '60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TEACTI0NMETAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TEE-PARIS, KY.Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICER5Frank P. KIser, President3. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. ,'SIitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUKE 30, i:''Hat iTiFARMERS TRADERSSALES AND SEHViCEJKOCD TiRESGASGLSKEANPsrtsService- SuppliesWashedin nmrm-,-'"-"",1-a,,:T ' M " -"11HOS3 i!:l:t,v.S)Suy I to luly 459ommmmmcliveredJuneii1the Department of Education byMay 31. , .. T- . v JI Plato. ,, r r "0:A-A"TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE THREEXSECOND CROP OP SPUDS WILLBE PLANTED SOONThe planting of" Kentucky's second crop of potatoes will begin aboutJuly 10, and continue throughoutthe month, according to A. J. Olney,potato specialist at College of Agriculture. The Bull Moose, GreenMountain and Rural Russett varieties are best planted about July 15in this State, while early varieties,such as Irish Gobbler and EarlyOhio, can be planted as late asAugust 1, fir even later if grown forseed, he said. ,..-"Planting the spuds on a piece ofsoil that has not grown potatoes fortwo or three years has been found tobe a good practice in increasing theaverage yield. This lessens the possibility of the potatoes becomingscabby. It is advisable to plow theland and do the initial harrowing atleast two weeks before plantingtime.In order to allow the tubers to getInto growing condition, the seedshould be taken off storage abouttwo weeks before planting. Thebest seed pieces are medium sizedand free from scurf and scab. Soaking the seed for from one and onehalf to two hours before it is cut ina solution made of four ounces ofcorrosive sublimate and 30 gallonsof water mixed in anything but ametal container, is an extra precaution against these diseases. CareIs necessary in handling the solution as corrosive sublimate is adeadly poison.After the seed is dried, it shouldbe cut into blocky pieces having oneor two strong eyes and as much ofthe potato with them as possible.In plntiang, it is well to rememberthat freshly manured ground is aptto encourage the growth of scab.Tests have shown that it isbest to drop one seed piece in a placeand to space the pieces about ten tofourteen inches apart. From thetime that the plants first comethrough until the tops cover theground, they should be given thorough cultivation.WE HAVE THENECESSARIESMenuBREAKFASTOranges 'Post ToastiesSwift's Premium Breakfast Bacon,(we slice it)Hot Biscuits of Lexington CreamFlourBrookfield Butterand that famous Whitehouse Coffee.Give us a ring Phones, Cumb. 872;Home 379TAUL & STONEWell-dressedon aModerateIncome"r v0 Unusual lecturedemonstration byEvelynHansenQ Miss Hansenapproaches hersubject from the various viewpoints ofbeauty, utility andeconomy.FOURTH AFTERNOONRedpathChautauqua7 Big DaysSEASON TICKETS$2.75IteKliliMliliMCHATJTAUQ1JA JEEEX HE1EJULY 12TH TO 19THGAINS WEIGHTAND HAS NEVERFELT BETTERi xumruau irian cays oiomacn j.rouuieNearly Made Wreck , of HimPraises Tanlac For His CompleteRestoration. "- :, X"Tanlac has helped me to gain tenpounds," said J. E. Mowrer, 157Park street, Akron, 0., well-knownsignal repair man for PennsylvaniaRailroad."My stomach was in such bad fixthat for several days at a time Icould hardly retain any fopd. I hadno appetite and often the very sightof food made me sick. I was intensely nervous, too, could not restat night, felt tired and worn out allthe time, and lost weight andstrength until I was almost awreck."Tanlac has made me feel like adifferent man. My appetite is enormous and I never felt better in mylife. Tanlac certainly does thework."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists. (adv)THE PRICE OP GASOLINE"Gas" sold for practically halfthe price six or eight years ago thatit brings to-day. There is an oldjoke that gas goes up a cent a gallonevery time the Rockefeller familygives another benefaction. Accordingto that the Rockefellers must havobeen very generous in giving awaytheir money during recent years,because in places where gas sold forfrom 12 to 16 cents before the warthe price is now around 2S cents.There is such a strong suspicionthat there is profiteering in gasolinethat the United States Senate is going to investigate the situation.Reports from the Geological Surveyshow that the stocks of gasoline onhand have been large and that theproduction has been amply sufficient.During the war the stocks were constantly depleted and the productionwas insufficient to meet the demands. At one time the ushers offuel oil had a hard time to gettheir supplies. The results wereparticularly disastrous to the manufacturers of illuminating gas. Whilethis condition existed the prices keptgoing up gradually until a figurebut little above the customaryprice of to-day was reached. Butthere has been but little price reduction; and in consequence the Senateis turning loose the anti-trust cyclone, Senator LaFollette, as itschief investigator.PARIS OVERRUN WITH FAKEBEGGARSThe Itfaysville papers are starting a movement against fake solicitors for" various alleged charitableorganizations, but who in reality represent nobody but themselves. Thefact is that the whole system oftraveling begging should be sent tothe discard. A man or woman whois worthy of help can get it in thecommunity where he or she resides,and each community has its ownworthy poor or unfortunate to takecare of and it is not charity to support a lot of unworthy fakers.When they make their little hardluck spiel, just ask them where theyhail from and why they did not getrelief at home, and see what theysay.oRESPECTFULLY REFERRED TOMESSRS. DAVIS AND DAILEY"When George Roberts, veteranguide at Pass-a-Grill, reported seeing a gold tarpon swimming in Florida waters Tie was ridiculed, but afew days later Arthur Henderson, St.Petersburg fisherman, succeeded incatching a fish of that description.Whether the fish hooked by Henderson was the same one sighted byRoberts has not been established, soit is not known whether the singlespecimen is an oddity of nature orwhether there are others of the samekind.The ordinary color of the tarponis silver, which has caused it to beknown as the "silver king," as itgrows to large size and is considered the gamest of fish, always putting up a hard battle before beinglanded.HAYDEN TO COACH KY. WESLEYAN COLLEGEBasil E. Hayden, of Paris, HighSchool graduate and former footballand basketball star at the Universityof Kentucky, has been engaged asfield coach at the Kentucky "Wesleyan College, in Winchester for thecoming year. He will assume hisduties early in September. Haydenis a finished athlete, and has madean enviable record on college tea.ms,starring in football and basketball.He is a son of Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Hayden, of Paris.First-Known Englishman.The first-known Englishman, according to scientists, was the Piltdownman, so called from a part of a skullfound at .Piltdown, In Sussex. Thebrain capacity is equal to the smallerhuman brain of today.PERSONALSMiss Sara Bradley is visitingrelatives in Dayton, Ohio.Karl Lusk is visiting his sister,Mrs. W. H. Davis, in Mt. Vernon.Miss Harriet Rogers has returned from a visit to Miss Juliet Poynter, in Shelbyville.- Mrs. J. H. Neal ancUdaughter,Anna Katherine, hav returned froma visit to Mrs. Buford Boone, in Mt.Sterling.Mr. and, Mrs. Anson Walkerhave returned to their home inPlemingsburg after a visit to friendsin Paris.Mr. and Mrs. James Daughertyhave moved into their new home onSecond street, whicli has been recently remodeled.Samuel Talbott and Miss Lillian Talbott are visiting relatives inOhio. They were accompanied as faras Cincinnati by Mrs. Talbott.Mrs. T. B. Terrebone has arrived from New 6rleans La., to spendthe summer with her sister, Mrs.Wm. R. Hukill, on Broadway.Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Tullyhave as guests at their home onHigh street Mr. and Mrs. FloydMitchell, of Anniston. Alabama.Mrs. E. E. Landis has returnedfrom Byington, Ky., where she wascalled several days ago by the deathof her mother, Mrs. T. D. Edington.Misses Gladys Graham, of Louisville, and Evalee Featherstone, ofGeorgetown, are guests of Mrs. Redmon Talbott, at her home nearParis.Miss Marian Cram, daughter ofMrs. Pearl Cram, of Mt. Sterling, isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. James L.Dodge, and other relatives nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahanand baby have returned from a visitto Mrs. McClanahan's parents, Mr.and Mrs. W. H. Farris, in Flemingsburg. Mrs. Lon Haley has arrivedfrom Tucson, Arizona, for a visit toher sister, Mrs. Thomas A. McDonald, and other relatives in the cityand county.Miss Helen James has returnedto her home in Berea after a visitwith her uncle, H. 0. James, andMrs. James, at their home on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Roseberryand children, and Mrs. May StonerClay have returned from a visit toMrs. Robert G. Stoner, at her homenear Mt. Sterling.Miss Ethel Estes, of near Clintonville, who recently underwent anoperation for appendicitis at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, is improving nicely.Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Butlerand two sons, Charles E. Butler, Jr.,and J. H. Butler, have returned toCincinnati after a visit to Mrs. Chas.E. Butler, Sr., and other relatives inthis city.Mrs. Richard Hopkins, of Paris,attended the luncheon given in theLafayette, in Lexington, by thealumnae attending the national convention of Fraternity Chapters, insession there.Mrs. FrankvL. Lapsley, of Shelbyville, is a patient at a Louisvillehospital, under the care of formerParisian Dr. Louis Frank. Mrs.Lapsley was formerly Miss MaymeMcClintock, of Paris.Mrs. Clark Parnett returned Saturday from a short stay at OlympianSprings, accompanied by her sister,Mrs. Frank Snyder, and her niece,Miss Elizabeth Martin, both of Louisville, who are sojourning for thesummer at Olympia.(Other Personals on Page 5)NEW CLUB WORK CIRCULARREADY POR DISTRIBUTIONA new manual on junior agricultural clubs has just come off thepress at the College of Agricultureat Lexington and is ready for freedistribution to interested persons.In addition to a number of illustrations showing various phases of clubwork among farm boys and girls ofthe State, the new publication eontains more than 100 pages of detailed discussions dealing with thework. The information is dividedinto seven chapters, these dealingwith the organization and directionof clubs, instructions on club projects, certificate of merit courses,the junior community club and itsprogram, junior club contests, county camps and junior club exhibits"and contests. In addition, the newcircular contains a list of 100 bestbooks for boys and girls. It may beobtained free by writing the Experiment Station at Lexington and asking for Circular No. 117.BOB WHITE A N ENEMY OF CORNR00TW0RMThe bob-white eats the' adults orbeetles ol the corn rootworm, whichlays eggs that later become larvaeor worms and infest the corn. Asmany as twelve of the beetles, according to the Bureau of Etomologyof the United States Department ofAgriculture, have been found in thestomach of one bob-white. The redheaded woodpecker, nighthawk, cardinal, kingbird, and phoebe also eatthe beetles and reduce the damagedone by the Southern corn rootworm.Rarebit -a a Means to Riches. a"Diamonds found in a dream,"'rrunsa headline. If the story can be proved,Its author can realize a handsome sumby disclosing what he ate before he,went to bed. Boston TranscriptDon'tbeand Pound FoolishHOT MADE BY A TRUtTHUMITV CONTENTS lift 'SmUn?;'HtTD.M..,r onufSCv i.uruuo r-- VJriiCAGU-a"" ojEEST BY TESTizzmn hs world'sLABOR UNIONS ARE AN INSTITUTION A feature of the growth of ourlarge industrial institutions hasbeen the melting together of laborgroups into unions. The old policyof "firing" a man has passed, and today millions of American workmencarry on their negotiations withtheir employers through their leaders, thus giving them representationin groups. During the war theGovernment gave full recognition tolabor unions; and in the handlingof the affairs of ralroad operatorsthe .railroad owners and the Government have dealt with the unions, or"brotherhoods," as they are called.All will admit that the system isproving satisfactory.A decision by the United StatesSupreme Court holds that labor unions are an institution. Originallythe unions were a sort of society ora band" of workmen grouped togetherfor a common purpose. But if thiswas once the case, it is no longer so.In deciding the celebrated Coronadocoal case the Supreme Court heldthat labor organizations, althoughunincorporated, are amendable tothe Sherman anti-trust act, and thatunder it such organizations may beprosecuted for restraint of interstatecommerce. The Court also held thatlabor unions are suable. Chief Justice Taft announced the decision forthe full bench, and there was no dissent. RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.. oPEREECT SCHOOL RECORD HELDBY BOSTON MANNicholas Thompson, a sophomoreat the College of Business Administration of Boston University, has aperfect school attendance for eightyears. He nas never been late orabsent in 2,080 days. He was givena written guarantee of his record toavoid dispute. Thompson came tothat city from Greece eight yearsago.A Chicago scientist has generateda heat of 50,000 degrees. That isjust a little short of the temperature of our office these summer afternoons. VOCALISTS WANTEDLady or man who can sing, to introduce and popularize songs that"take," singing them in local moviehouses and placing them on salewith, drugstores and dealers in yourterritory. Good royalty and 'commissions, to right party.ENTERPRISE MUSIC CO.,216 Lyric Building, Cincinnati, O.K-rtPenny WiseDon't think because you can get abig can of Baking Powder for littlemoney that you are saving anything.There's Only Oneto Save on BakeUSEALVMETBMSNG POWDERIt costs only a fraction of acent for each baking.You use less because it contains more than the ordinary leavening strength.- - a aGreatest Baking PowderGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Service-BOTH TELEPHONESDay137WWWWWHWHMIMIIIIMIIIIIIITHIRD ANNUALPICNIC!P. I. McCarthy Council No. 1955UsofCokkIn the Woodland of Mr. Forrest Letton, 1 1-2 Miles fromParis, on the Paris and Lexington Interurban LineParis, Ky.Tuesday, JulyPROGRAM10:00 A. M. Parade by Paris Y, M. C. A. Band, CourtHouse to Fourteenth Street.11:00 A. M.-100-Yd. Dash,Boys, Free-for-all, Prize $2.5011:30 A. M 50-Yd. Dash.Boys Under 14 Yrs. Prize $2.5012:00 M. 50-Yard Dash, Girls Prize 2.501:30 P.. M. Sack Race Prize $2.502:00 P.M. Fat Man's Race, 200 lbs and over;250 lbs. and over allowed five yards Prize $5.002:30 P. M. Patriotic Program.4:00 P. M. Prize Dance, Best Dancing Coupler3:30 P. M.-GreasyPig Contest Prize, the Pig4:00 P. M, Greasy Pole Contest . .Prize $5.00DANCING 1:00 TO 6:00 P. M.MUSIC BY BISHOP'S SAXOPHONE ORCHESTRAMefet Me There! Where?Knights of Columbus PicnicLEVYzgrThe Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING- i44Ivar-r"vWay- DayNightJV-4thVM1rkVhJf.'J?2P1Ih-i,'lrvft"fi'MmIN-Iiui!J.rAtft i1 1'i iI't3Jr'iiitfi5mT1.H!jlJ'"mmwI-aTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FOURsg6i 'f Ana 'zvasaruWEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS IN KENTUCKYThe temperature averaged nearnormal, but rose gradually towardthe end of the week. Light scattered showers occurred 'over the Stateand good rains in a few localities;hut in general precipitation was toolight to have more than a temporary-effect. The dry areas in the nothernblue grass region and western counties are becoming more extensive.In fully half the area of the Statecrops are badly in need of rain. Inthe dry districts oats and potatoesare poor, but other crops have notbeen injured seriously by the dryweather. In such localities thegrowth of early corn is being retarded, otherwise this crop is ingood to excellent condition and continues to make rapid progress.Early tobacco is unusually advanced,some being nearly ready for topping. Almost continuous dryweather since transplanting late tobacco has caused some of it to dieand is delaying growth. Wheatharvest was completed during theweek and threshing commenced.Favorable weather caused the grainto dry out rapidly, and it is soundand well cured; but there is complaint from all districts of disappointing yields. Pastures are fairto good in most of the States, butare becoming short in the dry districts. Timothy hay harvest is under way, with the weather favorablefor rapid curing and good quality ofhay. The second crop of alfalfa isbeing cut under favorable conditions. Gardens are generally good,but some vegetables are drying upfrom lack of moisture.oThe author of that magazine article on "Prohibition as an aid toThrift" evidently hasn't had anytransactions with bootleggers.SOUTHERN RAILWAY STARTSSUMMER TOURIST SERVICEThe summer tourist season hasbeen opened by the Southern Railway System with the inaugurationof the "Land of the Sky Special,"giving over-night service betweenAsheville and the Southeast withthrough sleeping cars from Wilmington, Charleston, Savannah, Atlanta and Macon.Through car service to Ashevillefor this season covers a broader territory than ever before and all theWestern North Carolina resorts areexpecting record crowds. Throughsleeping car lines have been established to Asheville from Chicago andSt. Louis in addition to which thelines from New Orleans, Mobile,Montgomery, Birmingham and Chattanooga have been re-establishedfor the summer.Sleeping car lines have also beenestablished between Memphis, Tenn.,and Richmond, Va., via Ashevilleand between Cincinnati, 0., andGoldsboro, N. C, via Asheville.In addition-to the service in effect the year round, these new linesgive though sleeping car facilitiesto Asheville from all sections of theSouth and from practically everyimportant city east of the Mississippi River.FERTILIZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CARLOAD SWEET'S HIGH GRADE REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. PRICE LOWEST INSEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYS TOUSE IT.BRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)$25,000 FIRE VISITS PIKEVTT.LE.'Fife destroyed the SanitarySteam Laundry, at Pikeville, Ky.The north and west walls of thebuilding, which were of concrete,were crumbled by the excessiveheat. The laundry had recentlybeen equipped with machinery 'andappliances, costing $20,000. It wasowned jointly by E. C. Shurtleff andW. K. Elliott. The loss is estimatedat $25,000.Fire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANGET YOUR PLANTS NOW FROMLAVIN & C0NNELLCabbage and celery plants, in anyquantity, for sale by(30 2t) LAVIN & CONNELL.REAL ESTATE DEALSH. C. Clifford, of near Paris, purchased the Stevens property a residence and fine building, lots, inCynthiana, for $6,610.Work has begun on the two-storybrick building to be erected onTenth street, by Wm. Farris. Theproperty will be used as a restaurant and confectionery.-o-NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tn143RD SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT OF THEPEPDEPOSIT BANK X TRUST COitEstablished 1851PARIS, KENTUCKYXAt the Close of Business June 30, 1922, after Paying RegularCent. Semi-Annual Dividend and 2 Per Cent Extra.PerRESOURCESCash $ 14,033.43Due from Banks . . . . 64,800.13Real Estate 12,000.00Furniture and Fixtures 1.00Revenue Stamps . . . . 334.00Bonds 8,333.00Overchecks 1,213.71Loans 1,146,316.48$1,247,031.75LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 150,000.00Surplus 100,000.00Undivided Profits. .Tax ReserveDue BanksBills Payable . .Individual Deposits24,036.682,000.00273.8925,000.00945,721.181,247,031.75SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT(Condensed)OF THE CONDITION OFFARMERS I TRADERS BANK OF PARISAt the Close of Business June 30, 1922STATEMENT OP THE CONDITION OFBOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK S TRUST CO.RESOURCESLoan and Discouts .. ..$341,038.40U. S. Bonds 4,500.00Overdrafts 2,749.08Real Estate 26,192.20Furniture and Fixtures. 100.00Cash '. 10,583.27Due from Banks 13,313.06$416,476.01LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 60,000.00Surplus and UndividedProfits 27,051.95Deposits 329,424.06Pills Payable .00PARIS, KENTUCKYAt the Close of Business June 30, 1922, After Paying a Six PerSemi-Annual Dividend.CentRESOURCESofThe above statement is made after the paymentSemi Annual Dividend of 3."W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.$416,476.01our SeventhLoans and Bills .U. S. Bonds.. '..Real EstateFurniture and Fixtures, Overdrafts' Cash . .Due From Banks . . . ..$1,056,S,2.5435,156.0015,000.00.001,502.47. 25,362.87101,387.91$1,235,221.79LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 200,000.00Surplus 125,000.00Undivided Profits.. .. 39,570.S4"Reserved for Taxes .. 2o!41l!40Bills Payable 0OIndividual Deposits .. 845,239!s5$1,235,221.7$A Share of Your Business is Respectfully Solicited. "THE B4K ro?SERVICE." ' bjx uFRANK & CO.MID -SUMMER SALEFRANK & CO.Come Today and Profit by These Wonderful BargainsHope Cotton13ic YardWednesday OnlyFrench Eponge$1.25 Quality95c Yard6 Spools O. N. T. ThreadFor 25CWednesday OnlyCrash Toweling3 YARDS FOR25cFancy Flaxons25ca yardRatines, All Colors45ca yard35c, 50c, 75c Voiles25ca yardGRAZE MARVEL BESTTissue Ginghams45c a yardFine French GinghamsAll Color Checks35c a yardPeter Pan Prints50ca yardFuIIFashioned Silk HoseBlack, White Sand and Grey$1.75 wVAN RAALTESilk GlovesAll Colors v OCn t .Short Lengths DOC airVan Raalte Silk HoseWhite, Black and Colors$2.50 Quality $1.95 apairWHITE AND TANDimity Waists$1.65 EachWOOLSlipon Sweaters$1.95 EachWear Well Sheets. 81x90$1.35EachWednesday OnlySLIP-ON AND TUXEDOSweatersli'er $5.00 EachPeter Pan Solid Colors50ca yardFINEEmbroidered Swiss75c ayardSilk Dotted OrgandieFormerly $1.5090c a yardPeter Pan Checks65ca yardCadet Silk HoseWhite, Black and Colors$2.50 Quality $1.95 a PairSILK AND GEORGETTE CREPEWaists$1.50Huck TowelsGood Sizefor 25cLARGE SIZETurkish Towels35cHALF LINENHuck Towels50cGordon Silk HoseSeam Back. All ColorsSI. 50Quality$1.15a PairANDERSON'SScotch Prints40c a yardANDERSON'SScotch Ginghams50c a yardLadies Drop; Stitch LisleHOSE300 Pairs All Colors, cn AUUb Pair75c QualityLadies' HoseBlack Silk FibreQuality 35C a PairBlack CalicoWith White FiguresJq ayardMiddy SuitsAll Colors$5.00Men's Silk SoxH 300 Plain and Drop StitchColors 90C a PairODD LOTWash Waists50cPONGEE AND HAND MADEWaists$2.75Special Prices on Silk,Gingham andOrgandie Dresses100 WHITE SATEENPetticoats75cAzurea Pace Powder 85CAzurea Talc 25CMary Garden Talc 25CCoty's Pace Powder 90CCoty's Pfaconettes 90CCoty's Toilet Water $2.75250 HOUSE AND STEEETDresses$1.00EachBIG REDUCTIONSIN SILK AND MUSLINUNDERWEAKj50 CHILDREN'SGingham Dresses$1.00 EachDjer Kiss Talcum 25CDjer Kiss Pace Powder 50CDjer Kiss Toilet Water, Veg. $ 1 .35Woodbury's Pacial Soap, box 65CBabcock's Butterfly Talc, box 20CPorhan's Tooth Paste, lance 50CTABLESPULLOFr.:em:n--a.ittsWe will be pleased tocharge goods to our regular accomnts. Sale endsJuly 15th.FRANK & CO.Come every day, as wewe will always have Special Bargains.Jt' 9aTUESDAY, JULY 4, 1922 .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKYPAGE FIYEPERSONALSAMERICAN LEGION ' STARTS"CLEAN-UP DRIVE""GIFTS THAT LAST"gigi1 'STOP, LOOK AND READREAD OUR AD IN TO-DAYSPAPER. NEW LOW PRICES ONHIGH GRADE MERCHANDISE,NONE OP OUR OFFERINGS ATTHESE LOW PRICES ARE SEC-ONDS.PRANK & CO.-r,m t tvt a no rrnxtr ttjatwjl vulV J""v'l"-LAV3N & CONNELLCabbage and celery plants, in any; - cnio Tiv(30 2t) LAVIN & CONNELL.oNEW MACHINE SHOPA branch of the Costigan & Johnson Machine Shops, of Lexington,has been opened in Paris, in chargeof Mr. Johnson and will be known asthe Paris Machine ShopsoBUSINESS CHANGESHoward B. Carr has resigned hisposition as bookkeeper for the BigMotor Company, and has accepted asimilar position with the HighStreet Motor Company, assumingcharge of his new duties yesterday.A HINT LOCALLYThe war's over. The majority ofthe motion picture houses in GreaterPittsburg have just slashed theirprices from IS, 22 and 2S cents to afiat 10 cents. A few of the highbrow theatres with costly orchestrasBtill refuse to come down. The 10cent houses are doing a land officebusiness.ORDER YOUR BLACKBERRIESDon't wait until they are allgone before you place your order.Order to-day and you will get themas soon as possible.C. P. COOK & COoHAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST HAIL WITH McCLURE &DONALDSON, FIRST NATIONALBANK BUILDING. (27-tf)THROWN FROM HORSELon McCord, young farmer residing near Hutchison, sustained abroken arm as a result of beingthrown from a horse Saturday morning. He was brought to a physician's office in Paris, where the injured member was set, and the patient removed to his home.oP0ST0FFICE CLOSED TO-DAYThe usual closing rules will beobserved at the local postoffice today, Tuesday, July 4. The generaldelivery window will be open from10:40 a. m., until 11:30 a. m., forthe convenience of the travelingpublic. No city or rural deliverieswill be made, and the carriers willnot be on duty. The money orderand registry departments will beclosed.CLOSED JULY 4THOUR YARDS AND OFFICE WILLBE CLOSED ALL DAY ON TUESDAY, JULY 4TH.THE BOURBON LUMBER CO.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.-oCHICKENS FOR SALEI have a nice lot of spring chickens for sale at 75c each, or S perdozen. Call Cumb. Phone No.167-Ri (4-3t)CHECK FOR INSURANCE"A check for $2,400, representingthe amount of a policy held in theFraternal Union of America by thelate Bruce Miller, of Paris, has beensent by Miss Julia McCarthy, localsecretary, to Mr. Miller's sister, Mrs.Allie Miller Preston, of Ashland.Mr. Miller had been a member of thelocal branch for twenty-two years.SPECIAL SHOOT THURSDAYIn order to give the BourbonCounty Gun Club and others achance to keep their shooting eyesand trigger fingers in good trim, aspecial shoot has been arranged forThursday at the Hill Top Gun Clubgrounds, on Alfred Clay's farm nearAusterlitK.The events will start at oneo'clock, with a good program following. All shooters will be welcomed and a good time promised.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, July 4 GloriaSwanson, in "Under The Lash;"Pathe Weekly; Universal Comedy,"Rubberneck."To-morrow, Wednesday, July 5Pola Negri, in v'The Last Payment;"Pathe Weekly; Educational Comedy,"Coming Through The Rye."Thursday, July 6 Betty Compson, ia "he Law and The Woman;"Pathe Weekly; Snub Pollard Comedy, "&ill That Nerve."Comings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDonYBen Leach has retudned toLouisville after a visit to Parisfriends and relatives.Br. Marmaduke Brown, of NewT.ew York City is here for a visit tohis father, Dr. J. T. Brown.Editor J. M. Alverson, of thei Harlan Enterprise, was a visitor inParis Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. Durand Whipple and sons,lof Little Rock Ark are guestg!?e JorJne's Parents, Mr. and Mrs.. - -"x -'-'AUtt.auii, uu oioner avenue.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, MissAnnie Clay, Miss Steele and Mrs. J.0. Evans have returned from a twoweeks' stay at Martinsville, Ind.Mrs. Jas. Clay Ward and babydaughter, Mary Elizabeth, of Paris,are visiting Mrs. Ward's sister, Mrs.Bryant g. - Lexi' 'Mrs. Thomas A. McDonald hasreturned from New Orleans, La.,where she went to meet her sister,Mrs. Alonzo Haley, of Tucson, Arizona, who will spend the summerwith her.Mr. and Mrs. Greene Finley,Jr., en route from Linville, NorthCarolina to Louisville, are spendinga few days in Paris as guests ofBruce Holladay and sisters, and Dr.and Mrs. Chas. G. Daugherty.Misses Gay and Rebecca Payne,Tillie and Susie Ferguson, of Paris,were among the guests Friday afternoon entertained at tea by MissElizabeth Wood, at her home nearBryant Station, near Lexinton.Mr. and Mrs. David Feld areable to be out again after the accident near Falmouth, in which Mr.Feld was injured some time ago.Mrs. r Jack Cohan, who was injuredat the same time, though still confined to the house, is improving.Mr. and Mrs. Henry S. Terrillhave as guests at their home on Walker avenue, Mr. and Mrs. DanielPorter and Mrs. W. L. Haley, ofNew York, Mrs. Lewis Porter, ofCharleston, West Va.. and MissesWillie and Lina Alexander, ofPleasureville, Ky.Miss Carolyn Renick Cockrell,of Winchester, who is spending thesummer with her grandmother, Mrs.Wm. H. Renick, on Pleasant street,is recovering from the effects of anoperation for removal of tonsils,performed at the Massie MemorialHospital, some days ago.Miss Lucille Caywood, of NorthMiddletown, and her house guests,Misses Myra Johnson, of Pineville,and Dorothy McComb, of Murfreesboro, Tenn., were guests of honor recently at a luncheon given by MissMaryann Young, at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. PrewittYoung, near Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Napier entertained with a delightful sixo'clock dinner Friday afternoon, attheir home on Virginia avenue, inhonor of the following guests: Mrs.J. S. Napier and daughter, Miss Margaret Napier, of Lexington, Mrs. J.T. Rion, of Huntington. West Va.,Mrs. Nannie Monahan, of Covington,Mr. R. J. Gute and two children,Mildred and Joe, of Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Keith P. Snyderand daughter, Miss Nancy P. Snyder, and Mrs. Jesse Gathright, ofLouisville, Miss Annie Orr, of Nunan, Georgia, and Prof, and Mrs. C.C. Freeman, of Lexington, composea very attractive house party, guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Wm. 0. Hinton, tospend the Fourth of July here.F. S. Elder and daughter, ofParis, attended the annual outinggiven at the Lexington reservoirFriday by A. C. Thomas, manager ofthe National Life and Accident Insurance Company for the employesof this district. Dinner was servedto about eighty people, and duringthe afternoon boating, fishing, baseball and other games rounded out amost enjoyeable day. i.ja.,iz. jiMrs. Harry O. James entertained Friday evening at her home onPleasant street, with a "GuessingParty" in honor of her nieces, MissesHallie James, of Berea, and GladysYoung, of Owingsville. Those invited were: Misses Josephine andAnn Thomas Ewalt, Ann Rutherfordand Catherine Duncan, Anna Myers,Alberta Myers, Dorothy Jacoby,Irene Bramblette, Louise Martin,Nell Clay, Elizabeth Gaitskill,Rachel McClirttock, Louise Collier, Mary Frances Campbell,Frances Ann Steenbergen, MaryEllis, Miss Wigglesworth (Cynthiana), Elmeta Hinton, Louise andWilla Redmon, Soula and HelenDavis, Nancy Barbee Wilson, Catherine Wallingford, Mary Petree,Carolyn Wilmoth, Josephine andEmily Fithian, Marjorie Trisler andLillian Talbott.(Other Personals on Page 3)MED-SUMMER SALECHOICE ANY HAT IN OUR STOCK$2.95 THEY ALL GO. SILK ANDFELT SPORT HATS, STR&WSAILORS, ALL COLORS.FRANK & fcb.NEW AUTO OWNERSKittrell & Calloway of 'Lexington,report the sale of a !!fceb Light Sixtouring car to Mrs. 'George Wyatt,Jr., of near Paris.The Federal Government has beenliberal in the provisions of its legislation in favor of those among itsfighting personnel who were disabled, during the World War. The1922 Legislature, realizing thatmany eligible Kentuckians had failed to prove their claims throughtechnicalities or ignorance, createdKentucky Disabled Ex-Service Men'sBoard, which was organized onMarch 1, 1922.Jackson Morris, Emmett O'Nealand Henry J. Stites, who with Mrs.Margaret L. Duncan, are the members of the Board, have personallyvisited more than 'half of the counties in Kentucky, where in everyinstance they have found many meritorous cases and so state that strenuous efforts are needed if the Statewill be successful in getting disabledKentuckians to file claims beforeAugust 9, 1922. when the Statuteof limitations takes effect underSection 306 of the Sweet Bill;In a last mighty effort, the American Legion is putting on a "CleanUp Drive, commencing June 30, andrunning through July 11 and in itsintensity rivaling the Liberty andVictory Loan Drives of war days.Plans were perfected in a seriesof division conferences held inBowling Green, Winchester, Ashland, Covington, Princeton, Shelbyville and Danville. Each AmericanLegion Post sent its service officerand campaign chairman to the nearest division conference, which werealso attended by officials of theUnited States Veterans' Bureau whoexplained the procedure, forms andevidence required by the Government in establishing claims.Persons disabled during the worldwar must file claims for compensation prior to the limitation periodwhich expries August 9th, 1922, asotherwise they will have waivedtheir right under Federal Legislation.GLORIA SWANSON, IN "UNDERTHE LASH"Gloria Swanson is the beautifuland accomplished star of "Under theLash" her new Paramount picturewhich comes to the Alamo andGrand this afternoon and to-night.The story deals with a young woman who is married off by her sordid relatives to a rough fanaticalBoer farmer on the veldt in SouthAfrica. He treats her as his slaveand threatens her constantly withhis whip. One day a young Englishman enters her life and she falls inlove with him. The discovery ofthe truth by the husband provokesdevelopments of the most dramaticcharacter.Miss Swanson's leading man isMahlon Hamilton, well known player, and others in the excellent castinclude Russell Simpson. LillianLeighton, Lincoln Steadman, ThenaJasper and Clarence Ford.oMID-SUMMER SALE. CHOICE ANY HAT IN OUR STOCK$2.95 THEY ALL GO. SILK ANDFELT SPORT HATS, STRAWSAILORS, ALL COLORS.FRANK & CO.BIRTHSMr. and Mrs. James TolliverYoung, of near Paris, have the goodwishes of all for th'eir fine son, whowas born Thursday at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in Paris. He hasbeen named James William Young,in honor of his grandfather, and isthe third child, and only son. Mrs.Young was formerly Miss MyrtleHawkins, of Lexington, duaghter ofMrs. Andrew Moore, of that city.oCLOSED 4TH OF JULYTHE LEADERSTORE WILL BEDAY, JULY 4TH.DEPARTMENTCLOSED ALLFOR SALEA Mission Sideboard andChina Closet. Also flat office oakdesk. Prices reasonable. Apply toMRS. J. M. ALVERSON,(4-2t) 1426 Cy&ress St.FOR RENTFive large rooms and bath corncomplete, lower flat, garage, locatedat 1455 South High street. Will bevacant July 10. If interested, writeMartin & Mitchell, at 108 Walnutstreet, room 4 Lexington, Ky.(4-tf)Silk Dresses25 Ladies and Misses' SilkDresses Special at$9.95Assorted Colors. Only 25.Come Early.Twin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS. KY.fYOU WILLENJOY the FOURTHAlso the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh. Etc.. if vou are wear-mg viie or ourCool Summer SuitsStraw Hats, Shirts, Underwear, Oxfords1 iygQLEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetThe OnlyMake your porch the most livable place about the home and do itwith VUDOR PORCH SHADES and our GOOD FURNITURE,SWINGS and RUGS. We are making very attractive prices.THE J.EITHEftYtfONE 36Motor Hearse: r 'Buy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveShade Made With A VentilatorSKSSQSaPSss SmniitlSaSSIESELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINGPORCH SHADESAutomatic RefrigeratorsAre the BestT. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Invalid Coach Undertaking--"- fWe have reduced ourprices on all summergoods and have bidthem good-bye. Ifyou need these goodsyou will buy them.sS'niiiirf'li'"lt,H!mh! Ht !ti!k3.''.:r'HMwUmimPAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY 4, 1922JJoyousling aslouch) lealTHERE ARE LOTSof folks who weartheir socks wrinkledand unhappy looking,simply because theyhaven't yet found acomfortable garter thatholds up socks perfectly without binding.We'd Liketo have all these folkstry Ivory Garters. It'llbe a revelation in comfort and convenience!Ivory Garters are different! They do nothave any pads or metalclasps. The band thatgoes around your legis all light, lively elastic. It "gives" freelywith every movementof the muscles. Itdoes not bind.Try a Pairof Ivory Garters. Notice how much downright comfort they'llgive you below theknees. Wear 'em andbe happy these hotdays ! Standard or wideweb single or doublegrip 25 cents and up.IVORY GARTER CO.New Orleans, La.No metal T i No pads 1Wont Cv-fl BinditmJu.HiuEvery Incha GarterHammiADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have In stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andar absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let uskjive a trial order..(Sl-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.- ,.. - -.-BRlHTE!jvyivm?mKmI t v-Just HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was HtBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.NEWSPAPER ADVERTISING BYPUBLIC UTILITIES A PUBLIC SERVICEThat the newspaper is the most effective of all advertising mediumsand that it has played a wonderfulpart in the success of his companyis the statement of Robert M.Searle, President Consolidated Gas& Electric Corporation, Rochester,N. Y. He says, further:"Newspaper advertising is theshortest route to maximum business,therefore it is the shortest route tolowest cost to those we serve. Thereare many other reasons why newspaper advertising is a public service."Through it the people are keptin touch with the operations of acompany whose products, under present day conditions of living, arenumbered among the necessaries oflife."Through it we keep constantlybefore people their duty to themselves in using our services to avoidexcessive physical effort or drudgery and and to save time and money."Through it we stimulate thriftby advancing forceful reasons whypeople shold invest in our securitieswhich have all the elements of safety and which pay a high rate of return."Through it we teach the manyadvantages of our guaranteed gascoke particularly as a domestic fuel;teach them how to use it and themoney saved because of its use."Through it we save human lifeby stating the dangers existing incertain situations beyond control accruing to the distribution of gas andelectricity."Through it we emphasize to thethe people what co-operative effortcan do for the progress of the city."Through it we stimulate theboosting spirit of the community byboosting civic movements ourselves."Through it we teach how to getthe most service in gas and electricity at the least cost; how, by the useof gas and electric devices muchtime, labor and money can be saved.Manufacturers are reminded of thepossibilities of increased production,better products, and better workingconditions through use of gas andelectricity."Through it we tell the peoplethat they have a right to fair andcourteous treatment from us at alltimes. This has a salutary influence on our employees, who arethereby reminded of what is expected of them in their dealings withthe public."LILLIAN .RUSSELL'S TENMAXIMSFIVE HUNDRED CONTRACTS ADDED TO POOLMore than 500 contracts wereadded to the signed membership ofthe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association during thepast week, not counting the WestVirginia and Eastern Ohio territory,in which Manager Clifton Rhodesand his staff of workers are said tobe making considerable progress inthe face of a determined fight madeby warehouse and speculative interests. More than 1,500,000 pounds of tobacco are added to the holdings ofthe association by the past week'swork, it was said at the office of thefield service division. AssistantChief Wm. Collins spent most ofthe past week in the western partof the district, in the counties ofBarren, Hart, Larue and Metcalfe,aiding local workers in perfectingcampiagn organizations.The belief is steadily growingamong members of the associationthat the sign-up of growers will beso thorough that not enough tobacco will be left to be marketedthrough the few loose leaf warehouses operating in the burley district to make the business profitablethis year. Some counties have analmost unanimous signup and inmany others the amount signed upto the association constitutes about90 to 95 per cent of the production.The campaign for new membersis to continue through the summer,until every grower of burley tobaccoin the district has had opportunityto join the association, it was saidat the field service division offices.The sudden death of Lillian Russell brought forth so many eloquenteulogies to this remarkable woman,from so many distinguished sources,that even more interest than beforeattaches to her sincere and straightforward autobiography now appearing seriously in Cosmopolitan Magazine. In this self-revealing record,which will probably be published inbook form when it has been completed in magazine-installments, sheoffers ten maxims for feminineguidance. They sum up the philosophy of her own highly effective life,and, even if it had not been so adequately established through othermeans, they would have proved hera woman of extraordinary commonsense and insight. Read them andsee if you don't agree:(1) Have faith in your mirror,though you doubt all other friends.(2) Femininity means the powerto make or unmake men.(3) Let your first glimpse of theday be heavenward.(4) Common sense is the mostglorious gift a woman can possess,for it is the mainspring of all ofthe workings of her mind.(5) Your appearance is but yourintroduction; your reality is within.(6) Smile honestly and you areobeying God's commandment "togive." Give joy and pleasure andyou will reap the reward a hundredfold. (7) Beauty may be judged fromany point of view. We Americansare young enough to take Nature asour model.(8) All things are just as beautiful and good as they appear.(9) It is better to leave something yet to be done, than to spoileverything in the overdoing.(10) I cannot imagine anyone enjoying life who does not acknowledge goodness and blessedness.liflcigarettes10They are GOOD!FORMER SECRETARY OP STATECANDIDATE E0R CONGRESSDr. Benjamin L. Bruner filed withSecretary of State Fred A. Vaughnat Frankfort his declaration as acandidate in the August primary forthe Republican nomination for Congress from the fifth Kentucky district, embracing Louisville and Jefferson county.Congressman Charles F. Ogdenhas announced definitely that hewill not be a candidate to succeedhimself.Doctor Bruner was secretary ofState of Kentucky during the administration of former Gov. A. E.Wilson and was the Republicannominee for United States Senate,being defeated by Senator A. O.Stanley.MEMORIAL FUND IS NOW$185,611A total of $185,611 has been subscribed for the memorial building tobe erected on the campus of theUniversity of Kentucky in honor ofKentucky's war dead, it was announced at a meeting of the executive committee in the Security TrustCompany building.The actual total probably ishigher, as some campaign committees have not reported the amountcollected, it was said. Advisabilityof expending $200,000 for the building, $225,000, or $300,000, the goalset at the commencement of thedrive, was discussed by the committee. Another drive will be launchedin October among the students atthe university and almuni over theState in an endeavor to raise the remaining $114,3S9.Lower building costs will enablethe committee to select a buildingto cost less than was anticipatedat the commencement of the drive.WORK WILLING TO CUT PUBLICATION POSTAGEWhen Looking ForGOOD PAINTAt the Lowest Possible PricesGive Us a CallWc carry eycry thing in the Paintand Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.We're also Contracting Paintersand Paper Hangers. Let us figure on your next job.KANE BROS.AGENTS FOR THE FOY PAINTSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399WmWSjKS3B3S33BMmmmumm9BOmmmWmmMYANK MUSIC PEPPIEST, FRENCHDANCERS CLAIM"CAREFUL CROSSING" CAMPAIGNBY RAILROADSA "Careful Crossing" campaign isto be conducted for four months byrailroads throughout the UnitedStates and Canada. In 1921, according to records, there were 1,702fatal accidents at highway gradecrossings, and 4,818 persons injured.The great majority of the accidentsinvolved automobiles, the machinesstriking trains, or being struck byengines or cars. During the campaign efforts will be made to impress the drivers of automobiles especially with the necessity of caution when crossing railroad tracks."A jazz-band without Americanmusicians is like a restaurant without a French chef." That is why,according to the proprietor of a popular tea-dansant place in the famous woods, the Bois de Boulogne,Paris, France, may lose its jazzmusic. Resorts that enjoy jazz-bandsare being reminded by the authorities that a law exists limiting theirforeign personnel to 10 per cent ofthe total number employed in anysingle capacity.That means that out of an orchestra of ten jazz artists, only onemay be of the American "peppy" variety. One such alone, the proprietors of the restaurants and cafes assert, cannot make enough discords toplease the dancers. French musicians, they confess, lack talent inthis direction. Only AmericansNorth or South can make the jazzjazzy enough.Postmaster General Hubert Workis understood to have told PresidentHarding during a recent cabinetmeeting that he would readily agreeto legislation reducing rates on second class mail matter if some method was evolved whereby the post-office would not sustain a deficit.The present rates as applied to thelarger shippers, he is said to believe,are too high, or publishers wouldnot be utilizing private agencies inthe transportation of their products.Under the proposed rates said tohave been suggested by publishinghouses, the government's revenues,it was declared, would be decreasedby approximately $7,000,000. Such areduction would mean a saving ofabout $10,000,000 annually to thepublishers, the latter were said tohave estimated, adding, however,that in the event of reduced ratesa much greater volume of businessdiverted from express and railroadcompanies would make up any deficit and would result in a profit ofseveral million dollars to the department. If assured by the publishers ofsufficient business to meet any additional expense on the part of thedepartment, the postmaster generalwas willing to go before congress,his advisers said, and recommend areduction in rates.oUSERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAY&NEWSPAPER BOOTLEGGERHIS DAY AT HERRINHASminea newARTIFICIAL SNAKES DOFT DISCOURAGE BIRDSJ,Paris Gu& Electric Co..In vain a Middleport, Ohio, resident tried to keep robins and catbirds out of his well-filled cherrytrees. Finally he hit upon a plan.Cutting up the lawn hose heplaced sections of it through thetrees in such a way as to resemblesnakes.The result? Oh, yes!He "admits that the birds cameeven more freely, ate the fruit and"then wiped -their bills on the hose.The Williamstown countywar in Illinois has producedtype of bootlegger. The Herrin, 111.,news stands were informed that ifthey sold any out of town paperscontaining accounts of thefighting they would be "treatedroughly." The news stands promptly closed. Local papers publishedcomparatively small accounts, andin fact nowhere in the country isless news of the massacre publishedthan right there, five miles from thescene.Occasionally a person can slip inthe back way of a news stand justas if he were seeking a drink andby whispering softly to the vender,receive a little package which ishastily slipped into one's pocketUnfolded it is that sought possessionan out of town paper with a complete story of the trouble.Needless to say the prices haverisen in accordance with the law ofsupply and demand, and real bootlegger's figures are asked.oFrames.If a corner Is chipped off a gilt-edjredframe, camouflage it with chewinggum and gild with gold paint.!!Capital $150,000.00Surplus and Profits 122,500.00Stockholders Liabilities 150.000.00Protection to Depositors $422,500.00Established 1851Peoples Deposit BankC& Trust Co.Paris, KentuckyWE "WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, PresidentGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres.ROBT. METEER. Vice.Pres.G. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pres.-GashierGEO. L. DOYLE.Assiseant Cashierourbon News Advertisers Get Result:STRIKEOH .IN MONTGOMERYCOUNTYA good .flow of oil was struck at adepth of 460 feet near Jeffersonville,Montgomery county, by the Keal OilCompany, of Cincinnati. When thewell filled to about 150 feet it wassealed while the operators went tosecure new casing. The operatorsare planning to sink anothe'r well ona' new location near Jeffersonville.Organized under the provisions of the Federal Farm Loan ActTlis Loan Tlial Never ComesDueUnless and until the borrower wishes to pay itLoans on farm property on the amortization plan for a term of 40years in amounts ranging from $1,000year on each $17000 of loan pays bothLiberal prepayment privileges.No commissions-o renewals.For further information write or callto $45,000, at 6. $66.46 perprincipal and interest."Ask Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, -or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.Kentucky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Building Lexington, KentuckyOPERATED TINDER GOVERNMENT SUPERVISIONOFFICERSC. N. Manning, PresidentF. H. Engelken, Vice-Pres.and ManagerJ. D. VanHooser, Vice-Pres.S .A .Wallace, Sec. and Treas.DIRECTORSRobt. W. BinghamC. N. ManningL. G. CoxLouis des CognetsGeorge K. GravesF. H. EngelkenJames C. StoneJ. D. VanHooserJohn G. Stoll 'George R. HuntSamuel H. HalleyR. T. AndersonEdward HilliardMorgan O. HughesJ. Robt. SmithS. A. WallaceWe Have a Large Stock of Monuments onHand Ready to DeliverWe have reduced the prices on those on hand and we guarantee to give quality andbetter prices than anyone from anywhere. Con.e and see and be convinced. , No duplicates at these prices.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO., Paris, Ky.Nit ., -TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE SE COTaY Ike Xj.$jQOG"feTO GaUtuBUd" II all Dealer I1 i4 dollar's worth that I1 i a dollar's worth IJI The "Brownie" a genuine Gillette I. and 3 fine Gillette blades. IJj Giving the genuine Gi!2cto shave II ! GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO.. Boston. U. 5. A 1! ' No blades fiko ;Ij the genuine IGillette Blades ISap .gasbags?'1"?.1 iktmmAN ACT OF KINONESSA Paris Resident Speaks PubliclyFor the Benefit of Paris PeopleIf you had suffered tortures fromkidney trouble,Had experimented with differentremedies without relief;If you were finally cured througha friend's suggestionWouldn't you be grateful?The following statement has beengiven under just such circumstances:Mr. Link ha3 used Doau's KidneyPills.He publicly tells of the benefithe has received.His 13 a simple act of kindness toother Paris sufferers.No need to experiment with suchconvincing evidence at hand.Mr. Link speaks from experience.You can rely pn what he tells you.Robert Link, proprietor grocerystore, corner High and- Eighthstreets, says: "I have found Doan'sKidney Pills the best kidneymedicine I ever used and can't recommend them too highly. My backgave me no end of trouble and therewas a steady ache just over my kidneys. My kidneys acted too frequently. I began using Doan's Kidney Pills and in a short time I wascompletely rid of the trouble."Price GO, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Link had. Foster-MilbuinCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)TEACKEES LIKE SUMMEE STUDYCOURSESStories of the eagerness of Kentucky school teachers to better theirstanding are almost daily being sentto Prof. J. C. Lewis, head of the department of teacher training in theState Department of Education.Stories are told of teachers whowalk or ride long distances twicedaily to attend the sixty-five summer schools now being conductedby the State.Reporting from Cumberland county, W. P. Johnson, principal of theschool, writes that a crippled teacher rides twelve miles from his hometo the school at Burksville eachmorning and back home at night toattend school. This man has a sonwho requires his attention, and forthis reason he must be at home.Another man walks fifteen mileseach Monday and Friday and takescare cf a farm on Saturday and Sun'day.A woman GO 3ears old, who hastaught school for thirty years, travels fifteen miles daily to attend.The summer schools, according toProf. Lewis, are meeting with ahearty reception by the teachers whomust, by 192 G, reach. a certain training standard. Every one of thesixty-five schools has an attendancethat exceeds that for which theState appropriates money and thecounties or the students themselvesare paying the extra expense incurred. The 1922 general assembly provided $50,000 for the summerschools and made them take theplace of the old teacher institutes.iThe author of that magazine article on "Prohibition as an aid toThrift" evidently hasn't had anytransactions with bootleggers.SCHOOL HEAD FORCES BOYS TOWEAR COATSThe school rule that all boys, nomatter how high the temperatuiewent, must be fully dressed beforethey enter the school was enforcedin the Lawrence and Portsmouth(N. H.) high schools by PrincipalsKorne and Gray. Those who violatethis rule are punished.During a warm wave several of theboys went to cchool in their shirtsleeves. They were sent homo bythe principals. Boys with their collars and coats on are forced to sitsweltering m their respective classes, where their girl schoolmates,with sleeveless blouses and throatsexposed, are as cool as cucumberj.oSays Uncle Eben."De truth," said Uncle Eben, Mhall dat counts in de long run. Tellin'a man de world is fiat instid o' round,simply reminds him of de fack dat itJ ain't."J,. . I !-' Ilf III I, Jifxv,v .--Pc'i Jay;-fssS?'' jSPsC' x t&i-?-J?T!,. xT. sri-NN5s'i vi.-- t urowT.-oirvjsr5mnrfr --- -&- r j-i vmmm;mg2m&i;is "e&s&zr.w7 iCThe Standard of ComparisonWhy7 Buick Cushions "Ride EasyBuick cushions are comfortable on all roads becauseof their "double-deck" springs and resilient hairpads. The upper springs, which are light and easyacting, yield to the slightest road irregularity. Thelower springs are larger and stiffen They comeinto play on rough country roads, carrying thepassenger in comfort over bumps which cause theordinary seat to "strike bottom".Between the springs and the French-plaited leatherupholstery are two thick, yielding pads of interlaced hair which positively prevent "lumping".In Buick seat cushions, as in every other part ofthe car, is built the quality which has made Buickcars the standard of comparison.99Buick Sixes3 Pass. Roadster $13655 Pass. To'inng 13953 Peso. Coups - 1S855 Pass. Sedan - 21654 Paso. Coups - 20757 P&si.Tiunng - 15857 Pa,. Sedan - 2375Buick Fours2 Pass. Roadster & 8955 Pass. Tourir.g 9353 Pass. Coupe - 12955 Pass. Sedan - 1395All Prices F. O. B. Ffrni.Mich.MILLERSBURGInteresting News Items From Bonrbon County's College TownMrs. Fannie Norton is seriously Iin ai ner nome on Main street.Mrs. Frank Henry, of Carlisle, isguest of Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kerr.Miss, Olive Fisher has returnedfrom a three-months' trip abroad.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Judy wereguests of Miss Sue Johnson, in Paris,Friday.Mrs. C. M. Best has returnedfrom a visit with relatives in Philadelphia. Mrs. Frank Davis, of Louisville,is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.D. P. Jones.Miss Bessie Mayes, of Lexington, is visiting her aunt, Mrs. Letton Vimont.Mrs. Lucien Arnsparger andbaby, of Paris, are guests of Mr. andMrs. R. L. Wilson.Mr. Russell Tarr, of Tampa,Fla., has returned home after a visitwith relatives here.Mr. and Mrs. James Lail, ofParis, were guests of Mr. and Mrs.S. E. Bruce, Sunday.Mrs. C. B. Poer and son, of Covington, are visiting her parents,, Mr.and Mrs. J. A. Farris.Miss Lucy Norvell, of Carlisle,was the guest of Miss ElizabethBrown the past week.Mrs. Ollie Hurst and baby, ofLexington, were guests of Mr. andMrs. 0. E. Hurst the past week.Mrs. A. M. Vaught and daughter, of Indianapolis, are visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy.Mrs. J. A. Butler has returnedfrom a visit with her daughter, Mrs.S. J. Venable, of Campbellsville,Ky.Mr. Richard Huffman, of Cincinnati, returned home after a visitwith his mother, Mrs. Mary Huffman.Mrs. Chas. Carrington, of Irvine,has returned home after a visit withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel. Mr. Ernest Butler has returnedfo his homo in Covington after avisit with bin brother, J. A. Butler,and fimily.Mr. ad Mr3. Clarence Ball andchildren, of Louisville, have returnad home after a visit with the former's parents. Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ball.Mrs. ETrna Long, of Georgetown rnd Mrs. K. B. Hutchings, ofLcxmg or, have returned home afteri visit vith their sister, Mrs. T. D.Judy.Mr. and Mrs. Karl Vaught leftur day for their home in IndianapoHz, after an extended visit withthe latter's parents, Kr. and Mrs.T. D. Judy.Our Ch?riv'qri e'esed Thursday night with the Black1 and WhiteMinstrels, which was well worth theprie of a reason ticke afterwlrch Hon. Wm J. Bryan in hismaster'v wiv delivered a leoure on"The Worltl's Groafcst Need," whichwas grealy enjoyed by all. A rpecialfeatv.rc was t'ie Junior Chautauqua,in charge ri Mr-s Thomas. She is anartist in tlrs line, as was demonstrated in the way she handled andtrained the chiidien. It was marvelous to se the training she co'jldtive the chi'dren in so rhort a timeThey mt wi.'h .Treat rpplause whenshe hi ought them to hc stagp Thefollowing received blue ribbons inthe music contex: James Le?r,Jas. Clarke, Harold Morton, Elizabeth Jones, Katharine Gillispie.j TO lllS SUrpne tu evei.y unu,Col. and Mrs. O. M. Best have purchased a home in the East, at Langhorn, Penn., twonty-Miree miles outof Philadelphia. Langhorn is one ofthe many beautiful suburbs ofPhiladelphia on the Trenton Road,between New Yoik City and Philadepllna. Col. and Mrs. Best willdispose of their jvoerty here andhope to leave eauy in August. Capt.Roche will go with them. Theyhave been connected with he educational interests of Millersbuig for anumber of years, and were thefounders of the Millersburg MilitaryInstitute, which they built up to ahip-h tn nrinrd ns an educational institution for young men. Graduatesfrom this school are scattered allover the United States, many ofthem holding high and responsiblepositions, both in colleges and thebusiness world. Col. and Mrs. Besthave taken an active part in every-tiimp-nprtnimne: to the interest anduplift of Millersburg, and their leaving us will be regretted by theirhost of friends.. o-Look Upward.If we look down, then our shouldersstoop. If our thoughts look down, ourcharacter bends. It is only when wehold our heads up that the body becomes erect. It is only when ourthoughts go up that our life becomeserect. Alexander McKenzie.k. awr !4-HtlllHitHIHOMMmHIMMHHHWe Handle All Kinds ofm: Electrical NoveltiesElectricJWashing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, All.Kinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes! and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates, ts IThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSE jIMtllllHHIHWIIIIHIHMMtlMtlMIIIIMIIIMIFive-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station messages isFIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or less.USE HOME LONG DISTANCEParis. Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporatedj5Tourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street IfefZeJUQ .?4&vV3.7v , iVWEiSX - OH3i, r-JS y-A "X. Anil.te$T-;. AVl - AA??i r-jrt-i- v n';'!? S. Oft". ySFAGTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicit,your patronage.'niit'umnin.iniiii )KmThe Bourbon Laundry" IParis, KentuckyXj2CSgKMn - or?ozMtsirTRBaftcvvsittr&rxssaTTanmzstocm w.. Tr?ggy-arrrpI2&aREZX3BZZ3Z3PfTV warT-i Irin irwt r Ti'tT - - - - -m tbji iiirai bmvI' 111Ask about the G. M. A. C. Purchase Plan which provides for Deferred PaymentsC-46IN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.-Uhd.iTErzr TTi7-v',--TTTnri!&HkrJ Tm mjLm ft ibH'rC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant StreetsWHEN BETTER AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT. BUICK VrtUL BUILD THEMEnds Your liver TroubleMakes Idle Worth living.For Sale hjBrooks ft Ssapp DragCompftmy.(Jum 20-4t-T)Small Chick FeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROMOIWR. F. COLLIER " rJ."S-. fXaI55;fUi!iMiI..f,'$(SI MIittIVuv1',,Hvft'LI!iM!1iiiij.ifII.HIl!i'l41t HIw'nil.mItvvJaiSStiiv 'SkT' .-5i5J52?TVwV VV trPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY- 4, 1922wCLOSED 4TH OF JULYDEATHSTHE LEADER DEPARTMENTPIOIE WILL BE CLOSED ALLDAY, JULY 4TH.Life Is Bnt A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayA If TMEA-titWfiMXm fZCQPERA HOUStA IJ iASIifE&Rlit1 pCITFORM 4Summer TimeIs HereWe have clothes for theoccasion. Not alone arethey cool, but fit andare attractive.Palm Beach Suits$12.50 to $15.00Gabardine Suits$25 $30 $32.50 $35Mohair Suits$15,00$ to 25.00Straw Hats$2.00 to $5.00Collar AttachedShirts$1.00 $5.00Price & Co.ClothiersBRODERICKGeorge F. Broderick, aged sixty-three,who suffered a stroke ofparalysis last Thursday while standing on the street, died Thursdaynight.Mr. Broderick was a native ofNicholas County, coming to Bourboncounty a few years ago and engaging in farming. He was a son of thelate Mrs. Patrick Broderick, ofNicholas county. He is survived byhis widow, Mrs. Mary Broderick, anadopted son, Clay Broderick, ofParis, one sister, Mrs. Emily Shields,of Mt. Olivet, and a brother, J. B.Broderick, of Barterville.The funeral was held at the family residence on Lilleston avenue,Sunday afternoon, at three o'clock,with services conducted by Rev.Triplett, of Mt. Sterling. The interment followed on the family lot inthe Paris Cemetery.2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.TUESDAY Jesse L. Lasky Presents TUESDAYGLORIA SWANSON in "Under the Lash"The story of a woman's fight between love and a loveless marriage, testing in the fire in human hearts some of the laws of a man-madeworld. You will enjoy seeing Gloria Swanson in her new role. She is just her plain adorable self. And the great part she plays willmake you love her more than ever."BIG MYSTERY," Mutt and Jeff Comedy; "SMALL TOWN STUFF" Fox ComedyWednesday-Free DayPOLI NEGRITwo On One AdmissionWednesday Free DayIN"THE LAST PAYMENT"HODGEMrs. Sarah Hodge, aged fiftyseven, died Sunday night, at herhome near Escondida, after a shortillness, due to a complication of diseases. Mr. Hodge was a daughter ofthe late Andrew Ingram, and widowof William Hodge, of near Escondida. She is survived by two daughters,Mrs. Lillie Coldiron, of Escondida,and Miss Alice Jefferson, of Winchester; two sons, Harrison andErnest Hodge, both of Escondida;and three brothers, Wm. Ingram, ofvirsrma. Jackson Insrram, of McVeigh, Ky., and Richard Ingram, ofOklahoma.The funeral will be held at theBethlehem church, in Clark county,this afternoon, the funeral cortegeleaving the home at 12:30 o'clock.The interment will take place in thecemetery at the Bethlehem church.A tale of Bohemian nights in Paris, of a woman who made love an art and human hearts her playthings, who laughingly sipped the lastdrop from the goblet of life and settled the bill with her all Pola Negri, flame of beauty, star of "Passion," and "One ArabiaNight" in her first big modern picture.Also Pathc Weekly and "Coming Through the Rye," Educational ComedyI!Thursday BETTY COMPSON Thursday"The Law and the Woman"Adapted from "The Woman in the Case," the great play by Clyde Fitch.The Law that blindly ground an innocent man in the dust. The Woman Who fought for him, dared for him, lifted him up. TheStory Filled with a hundred thrills and the lure of lovely Betty Compson.Also Pathe Weekly and Snub Pollard Comedy, "Kill the Nerve"HUNTMrs. Bertha Hunt, aged twentyone, of Lake City, Iowa, died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Saturday morning, after a shortillness.1 Mrs. Hunt, with her husband, Albert Hunt, were members of theLorman-Robertson Carmnival Company which filled an engagement hereabout four weeks ago, at which timeMrs. Hunt was taken ill with typhoid fever and taken to the MassieHospital.The body was prepared for burialand sent Sunday morning to her oldhome at Lake City, where thefuneral and interment will takeplace to-day. Mr. and Mrs. Huntmade many friends during their stayhere.Besides her husband, Mrs. Huntis survived by her father, Mr. BertTrullinger, of Minnestota, who wasat her bedside when the end cameand one brother, Eldon Trullinger,of Minnesota.KNIGHT TEMPLAR PICTURES INPARIS THURSDAYPARIS BOY WINS HONORSAlbert J. Dempsey, son of Mr. andMrs. Jas. B. Dempsey, of Paris, graduated with high honors last week atthe Wisconsin School of Engineering in Milwaukee. Mr. Dempseywill in the near future, take a position with the Smith Steel works, inMilwaukee, as assistant to the master mechanic. Mr. Dempsey wasvice-president of the class of 1922at the school.The big and impressive parade ofKnights Templar of Kentucky, during the recent State Conclave heldat Maysville, was filmed by a notedpicture organization and when pricately shown, was pronounced excellent.These pictures will be shown onthe screen at The Alamo and the j 'iParis Grand, Thursday afternoon 1 1and evening, July 6. Paris Knightswho took part in the parade shouldsee these pictures, as they may seesome familiar scenes.FORMER PARIS WOMAN INJUREDBY FALLMiss Sarah Hanson, formerly ofParis, is a patient in St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, where shewas taken Friday, after a fall whenher hip was broken and dislocated.Miss Hanson is one of the oldestmembers of her family, which arenoted in the history of Kentucky.She is now in her ninety-eighth year.She has many friends in Paris andBourbon county, who sympathizewith her in the painful and seriousaccident.PLANTS FOR SALEWhite Plume and John Pascal reset celery plants, also valley lilyroots. Move them now.MISS LELIA B. CLARKE,1605 South Main Street.Cumberland Phone 967 (It)EXTRA NICE LOT OF LATECABBAGE PLANTS.JOE LAVIN,332 WEST EIGHTH ST.(27-2t)Copyright, 1922, A. B. Klrschbauni CompanjHaYou Will Be Pleased with Our Showing of Summer ClothesFurthermore, you will be delighted with the comfort they give if you buy one.Whether at work or at play indoors or out You'll find real comfort and the satisfactionthat you are as cool as the next fellow. And you get real style and tailoring in theseclothes, fashioned to suit the younger and the older men. You'll appreciate these clothesmore by coming in and taking a look. You will be satisfied with the values we are offering.Palm Beaches $12.50 to $15.00 Tropical Worsteds $25.00Mohairs $18.00R. P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris, Ky.Home Phone 448 Cumb. Phone 806AGENTS WANTEDSell the Original Watkins Products. Good city territory still openGet our wonderful offer and freesamples. Write to-day.J. R. WATKINS CO.,Dept. 7S, Memphis, Tenn.(4-2t)ftBase Ball Headquarters !Gloves, Balls, Bats, Mitts Everything for the Game. Managers, GetOur Prices to Clubs.Blue Grass Cafer,'WATCH FOR THEwmmof allSummer FootwearPrices Greatly ReducedStarts Saturday, July 8thSee Big Ad in Friday's Bourbon NewsIt will Pay You to ComeDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign