a rK..& ."-MSB . ,tM. aHBMBB . .aB. -r ff 'irtHf. ima js;. uaKuirwm-r,-.Hb. ?V lHftffi'--IL-fHL''- r 'iT T '3r4 t.f?)?U'1TVU,,?. iltr!1 ..-:Sl5PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.tVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY. AUGUST 8, 1922SSP s, r f r f-viK'jXte-t r.THEA k BA lSSSk BSSSk i W Bi t? Bask .& '-K .B'rwaK'BHU'BBf-BBf bkbbv BBrBrSBr".tVB-BBBBBLBBi "t .bbbbbub bb - . vbi bbbbi jbt bbbbbbMl IIIKMlim lflfBBi .BBf tsBL Bf BBm. Bl BM WM ' .aBi BBm. BY WH1 HI Wl HHW " V .flfl. ...iE iCANTEILL AGAIN DEFEATS E. E.LEE 1CUBPHYBy a vote of approximately 11 to1, Congressman James CampbellCantrill, Saturday, was renominated by the Seventh district Democrats in an apathetic primary election over R. E. Lee Murphy, youngLexington attorney. It was Murphy's third defeat by Cantrill.The total vote cast in the 12 counties of the district was slightlymore than 10,000. Cantrill received 9,274 and Murphy 838, accordingto unofficial returns.The vote was very light, not more-than one-fifth that usually cast in ahotly Contested primary, but it washeavier by nearly 2,000 than that of1920, when Cantrill and Murphywere voted on. The total vote thenwas S.988 to 488. It was approximately the same in 1916 when Murphy opposed Cantrill for the firsttime.While his vote was more than 11times that of his opponent, Mr. Cantrill pointed out at his room at thePhoenix Hotel, Lexington, that hehad made no campaign and declared that he had not asked for a sin-NEWS OF THE PLAYGEOUNDSBOUEBON BOOSTEES TO TAKETEIP AUGUST 30.The Citv School playground is oneof the prettiest in the city. Friday' The Bourbon Boosters composedvisitors saw a girls' baseball game of Paris merchants, who desire to seein progress, a class in raffia and trade kept at home, and to encourroad work, games for the little age local industries, have arranged'children and volley ball, all at the, for a "Booster Day" trip throughsame time. Miss Miriam Galloway -the county, to be given on Wedneswas in charge, assisted by Yutaki day, August 30. Plans are beingMinakuchi. There are benches un rapidly perfected for the trip, whichder the trees for the mothers. promises to be one of the best theTo-day a picnic, the weather per-'merchants have put through. Secmitting, will be held on the banks retary Harold Harris and Presidentof Stoner creek, for children fromM. Peale Collier, of the Paris Cornfour to seven, and twelve years and mercial Club, have completed arover. The girls' baseball' team will I rangements with the ladies of Milplay the Wilson team on Wilson lersburg to furnish the Booster Dinplaygrounds Friday afternoon. On j ner, which will be given in that cityFriday afternoon all the play-! at noon on the day of the trip.grounds will celebrate "The Feast ofThe Lanterns," and a masqueradewill be given on the City Schoolgrounds. A prize will be given tothe child having the best hand-madelanterns, the prettiest bought' Japanese lantern and for the most original costume.The Wilson playground will havea program of stunt races this afternoon, and on Friday morning thekindergarten children will have agle vote. He said he is deeply great- picnic for their dolls. Miss FrancesAdams has charge or me worK mere,assisted by Wm. Hinton During themonth of August the Brennan playground will be under the supervision of Miss Margaret Santen. MissElizabeth Stewart, who had been incharge, resigned to take a rest before entering schobl this fall. Theattendance is slowly climbing. Thetotal for the first week this summerwas 1,311, and for the eighth weekwas 3,558. Plans are being made fora Community Service picnic to belul for the vote he received and theconfidence of the voters of the'Ashland District."Mr. Cantrill had special telegraph reports and telephone callsearly Saturday night from each ofthe 12 counties.Cantrill. MurphyFranklin 1,100 '51Owen 1,125 ' 48Scott "..1,195 46Fayette 1,926 384Bourbon 652 51Estill 295 47Woodford 475 35Clark 675 5.Powell 200 ' 20Lee 195 21Oldham 436 37Henry 1,200 48383Totals 9,274The Congressional campaign forCongressman from the Seventh District, with J. Campbell Cantrill andR. Lee Murphy as opposing candirates attracted very little attentionin Bourbon county. The vote wasan unusually light one, in one precinct not a single vote being recorded. The vote was: Cantrill, 712,Murphy, 53; Cantrill's majority,359.oWELL DELLLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)held on Labor Day.PUBLIC SALE CITY PEOPEETYWednesday, August 16, at 2 p. m.,date of A. L. Burley sale. Apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, forinformation. Phones, Cumberland450, Home 394.(S-ll-15)-oNEW HOUSE FOE SALENEW 7-E00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTEIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOUEBON LUMBEE CO.(nov25-tn. oZinc is the metal most generallyused for roofing in all the cities ofEurope."THE PRIDE OF PARIS'i?.JA SACRIFICE SALEOFLOVELY HIGH GRADE-DRESSES,T-v rVINSHANTUNG NINGHAI VOILEIMPORTED SWISS FRENCHETAMINE SILK FISH NETSILK EPONGE FRENCH GINGHAMRATINES. Sacrificed to us by the manufacturers,we are glad to offer these wonderfulgarments atONE-HALF TO ONE-THIRDOF REGULAR PRICES.95lbtM tv$3-95 to $17&&&kDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKY.Last year about 250 business menof Paris and their wives and friends,participated in the trip, which waspronounced a great success. It ishoped that twice that number willmake the trip this year. The itinerary has not yet been fully workedout, but will take up but one day.The plan of organization is aboutthe same as that used last year.Members of the finance committeewill call on the merchants and business interests and a fee of $3.00 willbe collected from those merchantsdesiring to take part in the triptThe routine and publicity committee will have charge of the arrangements for entertainment, scheduleof trip and advertising. The transportation committee will be chargedwith the duty of signing up sufficient number of automobiles to carrythe crowd. The following committees have been appointed to perfectplants and arrangements for thetrip:Finance Charles Greene, chairman; Barnett Winters, J. J. Veatch,Clyde Huffmanr Routing and Publicity Harold F. Harris, chairman;M. E. Guttman, M. Peale Collier, I.L. Glass, Lawrence Price; Transportation Wm. O Hinton and representatives of all the Paris- garages;Treasurer Barnett Winters; GrandMarshal Rudolph DavisThe arrangements committee hasmade a contract with the Boys Bandof the Odd Fellows Home, at Lexington, to furnish music for the occasion. Every merchant in Paris isurged to get into the spirit of theoccasion and help to send a liveband of live wire to meet our country people. The finance committeewill begin calling on the merchantsto-morrow.The Finance Committee of theBooster Trip, Charles Greene, chairman, announces that each firm whichcontributes $3.00, will be given oneticket to the Booster dinner to beserved at noon, August 30, in Millersburg. Secretary Harris is incommunication with several prominent speakers, and at least one willbe secured to deliver the noon address at Millersburg.This Booster trip is for the purpose of getting out into the countyand meeting the people who makeParis possible. It is essential rhatfriendly relations be renewed, andnew acquaintances be established.Let's lay aside all worries for oneday, put on a broad smile and rideout and say "howdy" to every man,woman and child in Bourbon county.As a rule, people trade with theirfriends, and perhaps you will be thevery man who will be benefitted bythis trip. The Commercial Clubwould appreciate any suggestions inregard to the Booster Trip. Officialsof the Club are using every effort toassure the success of this trip.THE STRIKE SITUATIONThe beginning of the sixth weekof the shopmen's strike on the L. &iN. found little change in the situa-jtion as far as Paris is concerned.The good order to which the strikingworkmen pledged themselves in thebeginning has continued to prevailhere. Train service seems no worsethan it was this time last week, andit has probably improved in some respects. The local strikers are optimisticconcerning the outcome, and arestill awaiting hopeful news fromthier leaders. Locally the situationis very quiet, the men being determined that no untoward incidentwill be allowed to interfere withtheir preconceived plan of peacefuland watchful waiting.Authorities at Washington wereblamed for the continuance of therail strike in a statement made byWible L. Mapother, president of theLouisville and Nashville RailroadCompany, who accused the authorities of persistently spreading broadcast reports of problematic settlement thereby encouraging rail workers and preventing them from goingback to work."Many of the union men realizingthat the strike is lost, would bemore than glad to return to work,but are held out by false hopes raised by their leaders who seize everyopportunity to spread broadcast reports of problematical settlements,"said Mr. Mapother."The strike is already won," hecontinued, adding that with the removal of intimidation, which heclaims has been practiced by localstrikers, there would be a generalmovement back to work.No immediate change in the program of the maintenance of way union is contemplated at present, E. F.Grable, president of the organization, said at Chicago. He added,however, that if present practices onsome railroads continue "it is hardtelling where the matter may lead."LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE.JECTS FORD'S OFFERRE-The Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company rejected Henry Ford'soffer to aid in Operating its coalcarrying lines in Eastern Kentucky.This' announcement was made following a conference between representatives of the Detroit. Toledo &Ironton railroad, which is owned byMr. Ford, and representatives of theLouisville & Nashville.The Louisville & Nashville wasrepresented by President Wible L.Mapother, Vice President Geo. H.Evans and General Counsel EdwardL. Jouett. The Ford road was represented by E. C. Leibold, secretaryto Mr. Ford; Chas. E. Sorenson, F.L. Bockelman and C. B. Longley, allof Detroit.The Detroit men in a preparedstatement regrading the meetingsaid that Mr. Mapother took thestand that "all we want is to be leftalone." They also said that he saidthat the Louisville & Nashville didnot care for the assistance of anyone; that all propositions submittedby Ford would result in demands forcontinuance of the high wage paidby Ford when the joint operationwas withdrawn and that operationof the Corbin-Banner junctionbranch, which served Mr. Ford'sBanner Fork mines, would not settle the strike the country over.The directors said, following theconference, that President Mapotherhas rejected every' offer made by Mr.Ford.RENAXER XURDER KYST1RYSTILL UNSOLVED. tLIST YOUR' PROPERTY FOR TAXATION TO-DAYEvery property owner should callat the County Tax Commissioner'soffice at the Court House and givein his list of property at once.Don't put this off too late and incurthe penalty the law attaches youknow the first of July is past better call to-day.' BEN WOODFORD, JR.,Tax Commissioner.MRS. MATTIE CLARK,Deputy Commissioner.(8-tf)POPULAR LASKY FILMMORROWHEREDetectives Ora Slater and Harry "Curry, of the Cal Crim Detectiragency, of Cincinnati, who are Deployed on the Renaker murder c&m,left Winchester Saturday for Cim-cinnati, where they will remainuntil some new light has been catupon this case.All the evidence that has been, a-"cured has been turned over to tkmprosecutor and will be submitted to 4the grand jury. Whether the ev.idence the detectives and 'local "au-thorities have secured will be strong'enough for an indictment is Hot-known, but it is the general opiniomthat it will not be conclusive enougkto point the finger of accusation toward any of the suspects.Chief of Police Jas. S. MullinSsaid that he did not want the publicto think that they had given uphope in this case because the detectives had left town, but made thestatement that the local officialswere still on the job and would buntil the" murderer had been broughtto justice, and he hoped that thelocal police would uncover some valuable evidence in the next few daysThe reward for the arrest andconviction of the slayer of Renakerhas now reached a total of $4,125,oTRIBUTE TO GOOD PEOPLEATTEND THE BURLEY SALEDon't forget the rent property tobe sold Wednesday, August 16, at2 p. m.HARRIS. SPEAKES & HARRIS.(8-11-15)oBOURBON GUN CLUBThe regular shooting tournamentof the Bourbon Gun Club will beheld on the Club grounds, in EastParis to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon. The trophy for this shoot,enameled Lenox china, sterling silver mounted, smoking set, donatedby Shire & Fithian, is now on display in their show window. Severalvisiting shooters will be present forthe afternoon's fun. Visitors arealways welcome.The human voice can in a fewcases utter 296 words a minute.A note from Millersburg says:'"Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best and Mr.Harry Roche left Monday for Langhorn, Pa., where they will reside in.their country home 'Sunnysideconsisting of 117 acres, which theyrecently purchased. While Col. andMrs. Best were originally Eastern,people, they have "been in Millersburg long enough to be numbered'among our own,' and their departure it one of general regret. Asfounders of the Millersburg MilitaryInstitute, which they successfullyconducted for twenty-five years,they will always be held in thehighest esteem for the educationalwork done here, from which Col.Best had retired several years ago.The good wishes of a large circle ofwarm friends will follow them."HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.( julyT tf )NEWS OF THE COURTSHenry Hawkons, one of the sevencolored men arrested in a group ofeleven engaged in crapshooting at apicnic near North Middletown, whenarraigned before Acting CountyJudge Dundon. entered a nlea ofguilty, and was fined $25 and costs.Nelson Porter, colored, chargedwith tresspassing, pleaded not guil-!ey when arraigned before the County Court. On strength of the evidence submitted in the case, ActingJudge Dundon held Porter in thesum of $300. In default of a bondPorter was sent to jail.John J. Redmon qualified as executor of the estate of his deceasedwife, Mrs. Lou Belle Redmon, in theCounty Court, furnishing bond insum of $5,000, no surety being required under provisions of the will.Thanks to a certain moving picture, hundreds of poor children inLos Angeles were afforded an unexpected treat of doughnuts and coffee. It all came about during the making of "Through a Glass Window,"the May McAvoy Relart picture released by Famous Players-LaskyCorporation, which comes to the Alamo and Grand Wednesday afternoon and evening. Most of the important scenes are taken in a doughnut and coffee shop, and for nearlya month Miss McAvoy worked before the camera making sinkers bythe score and coffee by the gallon.Even actors lose their appetiteseventually and so it was that thesurplus doughnuts and coffee foundtheir way into worthy, charitablechannels, a popular method of disposal for all motion picture companies, which find themselves burdened with surplus food."Through a Glass Window" is anentertaining, heart interest storyby Olga Printezlau, who is responsible for the scenarios of suchsuccesses as "Midsummer Madness,""What Every Woman Knows," "Conrad in Quest of His Youth" and"The Prince Chap." It was directed by Maurice Campbell, who is wellknown for his work with Bebe Daniels. Raymond McKee plays opposite the star.oSUPT. KIRKPATRICK CALLEDGRASS FIRES NUMEROUSThe fire department was summoned Sunday to the City School on Seventh street, where -the dray grass inthe yard had become ignited andwas burning rapidly. The blaze wasextinguished with chemicals. It wassupposed some passerby had carelessly tossed a lighted cigar or aFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERScldvanceFall MillineryFire, Wind and Uf ntninf Insurance THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANProf. Lee Kirkpatrick, superintendent of the Paris City Schools,has received an invitation from Dr.Charles A. McMurray, of PeabodyInstitute, at Nashville, Tenn., tocome to Nashville and look over the'ground, with a view of becoming amember of the faculty of that scnool.The invitation came as the result ofa visit to the Kentucky UniversitySummer School by Dr. McMurraythis summer, where Prof. Kirkpatrick has been a member of the summer school faculty.The work of Prof. Kirkpatrick assuperintendent of the Paris schoolshas been of such a nature that everyeffort will be made to persuade himto remain here, where he has beenin cnarge ior tne paut iuui jrco.xo,and during which time the schoolenrollment haa been almost doubled.o-Many Chinese women have distinguished themwlves as poets.In 1921 a total of 100,000,000 barrels of 'Portland ceotent was manufactured' in the United States.- rModesSuitable to Wear NowSmart close-fitting Hats, drooped stylesand off-the-face models in Felt, Velvet andDuvetyn such as fashion has decreed.ALSO A LARGE RANGE. OFHATS FOR LITTLE TOTSCHILDREN and FLAPPERSIn a great variety of lovely new coloringi.You will find your hat in this group andwill be very much surprised at the moderateness of the prices asked for suchsmart models.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS- ' i ii ' '" "JftT ' -V j, - X,PAGE TWO""st" k"""-jTgfl 'ffOURBON NEWS, PARIS,KENTUCKYSJTUESDAY, AUGUST , lfMMTHE BOURBON NEWS!jatdflidwd 18fl4fc Years of Continuous PublicationKbjished Every Tuesday and FridayMr Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.YWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner..(Hmtered &t the Paris, Kentucky,ostoffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)OTO FOEEIGK KEPEESENTATIVES. - Mew York-American Press Association. , Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoXonisville Xowman-Mnllican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per. Inch for first time; 50 tents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andImilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved,to decline any advertisement orjother matter for, publication.Announcements for political officesmust 'inyariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm, or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSParis girls who wear double--deckedjeweled garters with theirTolled-down stockings want it understood that any male who presumes to cast his wicked eye in theirdirection will be regarded as no gen, tleman.Public welfare may be increasedwhen every automobile is so builtthat when the driver runs over apedestrian the machine will stop andby means of a dumping device deposit the driver where the nearestpoliceman may pick him up.The frost did not get the peachcrop this year, but might as wellhave done so as far as any benefit isderived by the public from thebounteous yield. Sometimes it seemsas if it were better to let Jack Frosttake it for nothing than to pay theprofiteers for it when it comes tomarket.The real optimist reflects thatthat matters might be worse. Railroad executives still manage to getto Washington in trains pulled bylocomotives burning coal. Of course,any great continuation of the twostrikes would make it necessary forrailroad presidents to cut woodalong the right of way.A Kentucky paper calls attention to the fact that the seventeen--year-locustdid not show up thisyear, but in its place we have theseventeen-year old f flapper. Still,she is harmless so far as vegetationcand fruit trees are concerned, her-chief depredations being confined to"JHigh School boys and soda fountainolerks.Babe Ruth insists that his star isnot on the wane. Still, stars mustset, and if Ruth should go beyondthe horizon this season he still has-the consolation of knowing that heetwinkled brilliantly while he was at-the zenith. The truth of the business is that Ruth's head is swelledout of all proportions to the rest ofliis body.For one whole minute during theifuneral of Dr. Alexander GrahamBelL inventor of the telephone,Thursday afternoon, all the telephones in America were silentTne snence or teiepnones tor oneminute only directed attention to thejenormous value of the invention aswell as invited consideration of theinventor. And it also served to remind us that if it had not been for.Dr. Alexander Graham Bell wewould have no telephone girls toact as shock absorbers for our peev-1-ishness and bad tempers. We'll say".he was truly a benefactor to the hurman race.oDad's Idea.'She sang quite prettily, but her fa-vored song was called "Falling Dew,"xand her father couldn't stand It Ht-jsad it reminded him of the rent.0Trimming ft Down.The new Amplified spelling of"dekt" ii "detw At last we banfwwd a way to cut it down ! IoThere are arly 20,009giiitclnal ' remedies.knownGA1TH PUin) BENETICIAEIESAt athe recent meeting of theBourbon Fiscal Court, Magistrate E.P. Thomason presided in the absenceof County Judge George Batterton".Among the most important mattersunder consideration was the reportof the Garth Fund Commissioners,'E. M. Dickson, C. M. Thomas andAlex Miller, which was submittedand adopted. Seventeen old beneficiaries and nine new ones were giventhe benefit of the fund, involvingan appropriation of $1,875. In theirreport the Commissioners recommended to the Court that the entireTeport be published in the Paris papers. The report is herewith published in full:"The Judge and Members of .theBourbon Fiscal Court:"Gentlemen The undersignedGarth Fund Commissioners are submitting herewith for your consideration tne subjoined list or youngmen selected as beneficiaries for theschool year 1922-1923."Two young men, Lawrence Soperand James Faulconer, were graduated in June, and both will accept positions of honor and trust for the ensuing year. These young men displayed the proper spirit by returning to thank the commissioners forthe assistance rendered. Some arenot thoughtful enough to show thissame token of gratitude. Some beneficiaries of last year did' not applyfor assistance, and there is a veryregrettable tendency on the part ofmany beneficiaries to leave schoolbefore graduation. Some are notpersistent enough to finish even inthe local schools."It is the opinion of the 'commissioners that all annlicants must.hereafter have completed the eighthgrade and be ready for high schoolbefore receiving assistance from'thefund. The local public schools areable to carry boys through theeighth grade, therefore, it is. thepart of wisdom to have each boyavail himself of the public schoolbefore applying for assistance."Citizens and all who recommendto the commissioners applicantsshould be sure of the mental, moraland financial status of the boys. Wehave no means of judging the merits and fitness of applicants exceptthrough their testimonials."We have constantly to remindbeneficiaries that they must bringreports of their class standing andalso itemized statements of their expenses with receipts and vouchersfor same, all made out in businesslike form. Hereafter for. applicantsto receive nroner consirtprntinn tWvmust bring their reports from theirschools and teachers to be filed withthe commissioners."The following list has been chosenas beneficiaries for the school yearof 1922-1923, together with theamount allotted to each:OLD BENEFICIARIES"William Brophy, $40; EverettHall. $40; George Browner, $75;Richard Metcalfe, $100; Alva Brattan, $25; Milford Potts, $100; -HoraceM. Clay, $250; James Reed, $50;Rene Clark, $175; Elgin Storey,$515; Harry Eckler, $125; LeslieSmith, $150; James Flanagan. $50;Bernard Taylor, $25; Bruce Gardner,' $40; Smiser Harp, $25; EdgarHill, $50.NEW BENEFICIARIES"William Bowling. $25; Roy Eldridge, $60; Walter Durcan, $50;Sam Shawhan, $50; Joseph Falconer, $50; Harmon Taylor, $50; Edward Hibler, $40; Keller Larkin,$150; William Lytle, $40."The foregoing is respectfullysubmitted to the Honorable Courtwith the suggestion that the entirereport be published in the local papers (Signed)"E M. DICKSON,' "C. M. THOMAS,"ALEX MILLER."Commissioners."NEWFACES TO APPEARPOSTAGE STAMPSONPostage stamps ranging in denominations from 1 cent to $5 are toundergo changes in design and colorwith a view to preventing losses bythe Postoffice Department, due tolack of distinctive features, it wasannounced at Washington.Stamps in denominotion from 1to 7 cents now bear the portrait ofGeorge Washington, while BenjaminFranklin's portrait appears on thoseranging from 8 cents to $5.The department contemplates retaining the Washington and Franklin portraits upon certain of thestamps, but, it was said, will substitute portraits of leading figuresin American history on the others.JOPLDT, MO., MAN IS "SOMEEATER.""Just wanted a snack of food before I went home to dinner," explained Charles Enos, of Joplin, Mo.,after waiters in a restaurant hadwatched him eat twelve hamburgersandiwehes and two slices of pie. Inaddition to these Enos drank threecups of coffee and two glasses ofwater. Enos completed the "job" in10 minutes, declaring he was in ahurry to get home for dinner.Housewives in Mrs. Enos community are considering marchingto her home in ajiody to exted -theirsympathy,rrPARISIAN Bf EW FAMOUS GUEE-NULA INTIMATELY ,The late W. L. Davis, who died inParis recently, knew the famousguerilla chieftain Quantrell inti-matelv. and has often talked ofmeeting him.Mr. Davis, in an interview recently, said he was probably as wellacquainted with Quantrell, the noted guerrilla chieftain of Kentucky,as any other man in the State. During his residence in Spencer countyhe had opportunity on many occasions of meeting Quantrell, whoseband made numerous visits in thatcounty. On several occasions, v saidMr. DavisT Quantrell. with his followers, would ride up to the Davishome and order the household toprepare supper for thirty or fortymen. When the meal was readythey would gather around the table,and at a signal from their leaderwould begin to. eat. They were always polite and at the end of themeal would thank their host, pay Ithe score, and ride swiftly and silently away. Mr. Davis said -.Quantrellalways stood at the table, andthat he never saw him sitting, except on his horse, which he rodelike a centaur.Quantrell ntever , drank whisky,and would not countenance it amongShis men. Once in the Davis homeone of the men called for whisky,but the guerrilla chieftain firmly remarked, "You will not drink anywhisky." Cider was offered andQuantrell and his men drank freelyof it. Another characteristic ofQuantrell and his men was the respect shown to women. On one occasion one of the guerrillas offended'a woman, in Nelson county, andthen deserted his companions. Hewas hunted down by his comradesand shot by order of Quantrell, Mr.Davis said.Spencer county was a favoriterendezvous for the guerrilla and hismen on account of the excellent hiding places afforded by the denselywooded hills and friendly protection offered by a number of Missouri refugees who lived in thatsection. It was in Spencer countythat Quantrell received the woundwhich caused his death. Duringthe first night after receiving hiswound, and while at the home of aneighbor, the wounded chieftaintalked freely to the father of Mr.Davis, and gave him a locket as akeepsake. On the second "morningafter he was wounded a company ofsoldiers came in an ambulance andremoved Quantrell to Louisville,where he lingered several weeks ina hospital, before he died.TAKING A VACATION(Georgetown News)The habit of taking a vacation,commonly in the summer, is oftenspoken of as practically a universalone. Yet millions of people neverenjoy this respite from work. Someget too much vacation. Workers inindustrial plants complain that factories usually run somewhat irregularly anyway, and they have totake their rest at times when theshops shut down.Many business men feel that theysimply can't drop their work evenfor a few days, and that no onecould perform their duties if theywent away. But their business ispoorly organized if everything stopsin case of their absence.Millions of farmers also nevertake a regular vacation. They cannot commonly get away in the cropseason, and in the winter they mayfeel no special desire to go, and mayhave no one whom they can leave incharge of their work. Many busymothers work every day in the yearand never take a rest.When the industrial milleniumcomes, every one will have a chanceto lay off for a brief period and befree to seek rest and change. Inthat golden age, factories will be arranged that the workers will be ableto quit without having to worry forfear they may be idle longer thanthey want to.Business men and farmers whostick to their work every week inthe year, do not realize the lossesthat they suffer. They get into akind of mental rut and often sufferfrom physical weariness. A mancan do. more work in fifty weeksthan he can in fifty-two. This isequally true of the tired housewife.The mind arid body recover elasticity as a result of a wholesome outing, and people come back with afresher point of view. They can seefurther into their business problemsand they approach the same withmore hope and enthusiasm. Vacations pay it reasonably used, andeverybody ought to have them.Forever Lost.A man who was attending a vaudeville show in Denver recently laughedso hard at one of the jokes that hebecame hysterical, fainted and had tobe carried out of the theater. Unfortunately he was unable, when he recovered his reason, to remember whatthe joke was.oAnd Few Really Enjoy It"Even de dictionary can't tell youeverything," said Uncle JJbem. "Qonttatmeat is a word of thro ..tumbit dar aln' nobody I ever saw datlsoon t0 faU back Upott ' nJten siiifti&AUiamiVL 'urc$ of- guply- - .. ' JUHI0E JUDGIMGr COHTEST ,PLANS GIVEN GOOD.STJAET. rPlans are well under way for theState livestock judging contestwhich will be held for farm boysand girls September 13 in connection with the State Fair, it has beenannounced by C. W. Buckler, Stateleader of junior agricultural clubwork at the College of Agriculture.Approximately 38 counties are expected to send teams to the event.Twenty-three counties competed in1921. the first year that the contestwas held. Competition in the judging will be open to any county thathas organized junior agriculturalclub work.Agricultural agents in a numberof counties already have held contests between various communitiesas the first big step in preparingboys and girls for the State contest.Winners in the community contestswill meet in a county contest, thewinning team of which will havethe right to represent the county atthe fair. Interested persons andfirms in several counties alreadyhave posted as much as $100 whichwill be used as prize money for thecontest in their district. Each teamin the State contest will be composed of threeboys or girls betweenthe ages of 12 and 18 years.In compettng at the fair, each conr'testant will be required to placeeight rings of livestock of four animals each including two rings eachof beef cattle, dairy cattle, breedinghogs and mutton sheep. Each member also will be required to give thereasons for his placings on one ofthe two rings of stock that he hasexamined in each class. Twenty-fiveminutes will be allowed on this ringwhile time on rings where no reasons are required will be limited to15 minutes.As was the case last year, thecounty having the highest scoringteam will receiv the BourbonStock -sYards Trophy, valued at $50,which Boone county won in 1921,and which will become the permanent property of the team winning ittwo successive ..years. In addition$300, donated by breed associationsand other persons interested in better livestock, will be distributedamong the 20 highest scoring individuals. The individual prizesrange from $20 to $6. ,COLLEGE EDUCATION PAYS(Cleveland Plain Dealer)College men about to graduatewho are uncertain of the wisdom ofthe sacrifices their educationalcourses have demanded should reada recent statement of a prominentrailroad president. In answer to thequestion whether the college man ismore likely to advance in the railroad field- than one without a' college education he gives an unqualified "yes." And this particular executive can have no prejudice in thematter for he is not a college manhimself.Of 163 important officers on thisrailroad eighty-six were found to begraduates of colleges. The rathereven distribution between men ofcollege training and those withoutwould appear to afford tne opponents of higher education as a stepping stone to business considerableammunition. It is pointed out in thestudy, however, that the men without college education are men ofgreat native ability ,who have beenselected from thousands of employes.In other words the percentage ofcollege men who have been deniedthe opportunities of higher education. One of the difficulties in the wayof the advancement of the collegegraduate in years past has been hisown idea of the value of his service.Too many have felt that a degreewas in itself -sufficient evidence offitness to become at once a bank orrailrodd vice president. That typeof graduate has prejudiced employesagainst college men as a group andmade their advancement more difficult. This study of personnel by a great'railroad system with the idea of Ithrowing light on the value of a college education affords one of themost tangible pieces of evidence infavor of higher education as an investment that has yet been presented. Similar studies by banks, manufacturing establishments and- otherlines of industry and commercewould be interesting and significant.. oSENATE'S CHAMPION .CHEWEBGETS TWISTA giant twist of fine old burley"eating tobacco" was presented bySenator Richard P. Ernst to KnuteNelson, of Minnesota, the venerabechairman of the Senate Committeron the Judiciary, of which the Kentuckian also is a member. Mr. Nelson is rated as the champion Senatorial consumer of the weed by thechew-route. In spite of the size ofthe twist and in the light of theMinnesotaan's capacity, it is probable that Mr. Nelson will be obligedhis usualC0L.LaM CUEATOMPOE "OLDTjyniucxYjaoME"Hnlonel Ben LaBree. who lastweek was appointed curator of the"Old Kentucky Home" at FederalHill, near Bardstown, is a formerLexingtonian, having been a resident of that city previous to 1894,when he went to Louisville. He wasone of the owners of the Shermanstock farm, home of a number ofrfamous trotting horses. He alsopublished "illustrated Kentuckian"and "The Confederate War Jour-nolCol. LaBree, who will be incharge of the home, is the author,editor and compiler of a number ofhistorical books, the majority ofwhich deal with the war betweenthe States. Because of this work aMississippi chapter of the Daughtersof the Confederacy was named forhim. No other living man wasever so honored. Commanding officers of the Union and Confederatearmies who survived the war wereamong Mr. LaBree's acquaintances.He was- with General Grant on partof his noted tour around the worldand suggested the writing of thememoirs. He is a member of theMasonic fraternity, the Sons of theAmerican Revolution and a numberof other organizations. Three Governors of Southern States have recognized him with appointments ontheir staffs as colonel.BETTER SONGS DEMANDEDAt many Chautauquas throughoutthe country this summer speakershave deplored the decadence of thepopular song. It has been pointedout that jazz not only has corruptedinstrumental music, but that it hasdriven the sentimental ballad andsemi-classic song from the market.In their place, they aver, have comehundreds of bizarre creations, sansmelody and sans sense.It was not so long ago in fact,no longer than the development ofthe jazz craze that sentimentalsongs, with tuneful airs enjoyed vastpopularity and brought golden rewards to their writers. Songs like"When It's Apple Blossom Time InNormandy," "Isle d'Amour," "In theShade of the Old Apple Tree," "LoveMe and the World Is Mine," andmany others of the same period, hada great vogue, and were worth-whilecontributions to song literature andpopular music. Then along camethe Hawaiian craze, the day of theukelele, and hard upon its heels thecorrupting jazz. With the latter erapopular songs of real merit disappeared. A few music publishers with ideals and a grain of conscience are laboring to restore the old-time ballad. It is even asserted that someof the Chautauqua advocates of better songs were financially inspired,to a degree, by publishers who seeksuch consummation. The case doesnot seem hopeless, though at presentthe output of most of the music publishing houses is of a deplorably lowstandard. There is a growing tendency on the part of music lovers,however, to throw off the shackles,'and the end of the jazz era may notbe very distant. As in the case. ofthe drama, giving the public whatit wants is the eternal cry of thesong producers. It begins to looklike the public has had enough ofthe jazz sort, and was getting readyto demand something better. A fewgood examples in the way of songslike "I Hear You Cabling Me," andthe famous old melodies of JamesThornton and Paul Dresser wouldgo a long way toward fostering aradical change.o 'PAYED ROAD COMPLETEDThe last link of the paved roadbetween Lexington and Winchesterhas been completed, and within afew days automobilists will be ableto make the trip in a short time overa splendid improved highway. Thelast stretch of this intercountry roadcompleted is the link between, thePine Grove and the Chilesburg pike,but it will not be thrown open tothe public for several days, as time... . 1, J ; .T. '....... i.win ue aiiuweu iui uie cuuuicbc iusettle.The completion of this last linkgives a complete thoroughfare fromthe city limits of Lexington to theClark, county capital, a distance oftwenty miles.oTwo Dogmas, Both Bad.Education as well as religion hasits dogmas, and they are equallydangerous. Winston Churchill, inNorth American Review.DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONG DISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICKECONOMICALSALESUOY WANTED !Wanted, saleslady over sixteenyears old; good character; no experience necessary we teach you.Also one girl for Saturdays only.Apply- immediately.I (4-2t)S. H. KRESS CO.Adi-iiistratorV IWtict!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, the hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as required,by law, to the undersigned administrator, for adjustment and payment.All such claims not presented within the legal limit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased are hereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness.CHARLES HUGHES,Administrator.(28,-3wks)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington705 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.-7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m6:00 p. m!7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.1:05 p. m.2r05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5: 05" p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash, Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inQuantities, date unlimited, sold between allpolnts at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TEEMINAL CO.'(dec6-tf)CAMAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS-4TModern EquipmentExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSIPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 191$CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSfrank P. Kiser, PresidentB. Lv Weathers, Vice PresidentW. TMitchell, CashierJno. W.Yerkts. AsCt CasfeKrDam Peed", Jr., Bookkeeper...TlJUNE 3t 1921BRIGHTER;EVENINGS4Just Historyla 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Jut presses a bnttomAnd has Electric lightPari Gait Electric (.Hl m9 K ftV-'w-V.: ia-:'Vr"V"- '-t -"N.., tMi Je..v?-x rr"r7" iyrgi?,,-S-fAij .vTv-Jf -V "?J3r itvric--v.... -n? ,, ,vif 'V, -. T'---ar-i5- i'rr ' sJ? ,faptTUESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1922TOWNThe Loafer Is just about our WorstPest, for he has I 'en Standing Aroundon our Streets for Years, FindingFault with Everybody and Everything.He's done his Durnedest to Block every Improxement Our Town has made,and when he quits Walking Around tosave Funeral Expenses, he will beMisled, just like a Boil! 're--DRIFTINGThe Haiding administration continues to diift. It drifts on tlietariff, on the soldiers' bonus and onall legitimate and executive affairs,as well. Discussing the President'sreply to Governor Sproul in the matter of the coal strike, the New YorkWorld says:"Mr. Harding is forever waitingfor something to turn upr - foreverthat something may happen. Hemeddles just enough to muddle thesituation and then complacently sitsback and hopes for the best."But the New York World is an independent newspaper with Democratic leanings and its judgment ofthe President, perhaps, will not beaccepted at full value by Republicans. If there is any doubt aboutthe correctness of this judgment ofthe President, the following fromSenator Borah, the fearless Progressive Republican Senator fromIdaho, may resolve all doubts in thismatter:"Almost everyone realized thatthis was no time to revise the tariff.It is impossible to produce anythinglike a scientific tariff. And yet,with everybody knowing that, thetariff bill is premitted to drift outhere. And so it goes drift! It isimpossible to get anywhere in Congress and it is, impossible to get anegative or affirmative declarationfrom the White House. Conditionsjust move along until we get intothis hopeless and absolutely deplorable mess."But what do the people expect?With no leadership in the WhiteHouse, no leadership in the UnitedStates Senate, no leadership in theHouse of Representatives; no plan,no program, no policy what can theRepublican administration and theRepublican Congress do but drift-?oBHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost -every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.QCIVIL SERVICE TEST FOR PHYSICIANS An examination is to be held forphysicians for the sixth districtcomprising Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky, according to an announcement by the United States Civil Service Commission. The examinationis for Grade A men up to $2,400 ayear; Grade B men up to $4,000 ayear, and Grade C men up to $5,000a year. The entrance salary willdepend on the qualifications of theappointee and whether the duty isall or part time. The subjects uponwhich applicants will be examinedare: Education and training 30Points and experience 70 points. Applicants will be rated as receiveduntil further notice. Full information regarding requirements andother phases of the examination maybe had from Secretary George A.Bateman, at the Lexington postoffice. USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply; youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisa f ne linen bond paper and absolutely limtlss.THB BOUWWN NEWS.The people of tk Uaited Statehum m,tM,iM00 evVic fset ofnatural gas ajuMiallj. ' NPESTSi -fc'ifJmrAjf Wm:"BOOB" MAKES $50,000(Cincinnati DispatchinNew YorkAmerican.)George Sperit, 23-year-old studentat the University of Cncinnati andregarded as a "hopeless dullard" byhis professors in the electrical engineering department, quietly sold allrights to a new type of electricalmeter his invention, for $50,000.Dean Hermann Schneider of theJCollege of Engineering has anounced this fact, declaring that Sperti,who is working his "way throughschool, perfected the invention andsold it without confiding in any one.Schneider received a letter fromthe company which purchased theinvention congratulating him onturning out pupils of the caliber ofGeorge Sperti. He did not knowbperti and investigated. When heasked a professor in the electricalengineering department who GeorgeSperti was, the professor replied:"A hopeless dullard who is flunking out in practically everything."Dean Schneider wrote the company asking officials their reasonsfor the letter of congratulation tohim. Their reply revealed for thefirst time that Sperti had inventedan entirely new type of electricalmeter and sold it to them for $50,000. STRANGE HAPPENINGS IN DAY'SNEWS.Mrs. H. C. Spann, of Somerset,'was 70 years old the 12th of Marchand says she was never at a pictureshow, never had a doctor but once.neer had a tooth pulled, never usedtobacco nor tasted liquor in theseseventy years. She is the mother often children and anyone having abetter record than this Mrs. Spannwould be very glad to hear fromthem.Mrs. Sallie Hamm, of TyalorCreek, Nicholas county, ' killed afour-foot snake found in her chickenhouse. Cutting it open, she foundtwo six-weeks old chickens that hadbeen swallowed whole. In the coopwere three other dead chickens, eachwith its head split open.The largest still found in Nelsoncounty was seized in a raid by prohibition agents in the county between Bardstown and New Haven.Twenty-four hogs were being fattened frbm the mash dumps. 'In a trap set in his corn crib, atWilmore, Joseph Bailer caught afreak of. the rodent family. It iswhite, but has a brown stripe downits back and has blue eyes. It isconsiderably longer than the common rat.oBUSINESS FAILURES DECREASING BRADSTREET REPORTDECLARESBusiness failures for July totaled 1,568, a drop of 5.3 per cent fromthose of 1921,Bradstreet reported.Although the number of failureswas 5.1 per cent, above that for July1921, the total amount of liabilities42,145,545 was forty per cent,below the total for July last year.Total liabilities for the sevenmonths of 1922 were $346,317,285,a decrease of 4.3 per cent, from the1921 figures for the same period.The number of failures was 14,044against 10,54S for the corresponding months last year.SWIMMING FOR HEALTH(Globe and Commercial)"While some children take naturally to the water, and at an earlyage become expert swimmers, divingand sporting about like young seals,others are timid, and have to becoaxed and encouraged to brave thewaves, and must be taught that thereis nothing to -fear once they havemastered the first simple principlesof swimming.There is nothing more beneficialto health than swimming, whichbrings all the muscles into play, andwhich tones up and invigoratesc theentire system. Chlidren shouldlearn as early as possible, graduallyat first, improving and becomingmore skilful each year. It is no uncommon sight nowadays to see asmall boy or girl of 10 and 12 quiteas adept often more 'so than theirparents. One thing to be guardedagainst is chilliness, and at the firstsign of shivering a child should leavethe water and be rubbed downbriskly. This prevents any ill effectsand also stimulates circulation.KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS MAZE' LARGE GAINS -An increase of 83.903 in themembership of the Knights of Columbus during the last year wasannounced recently by Supreme Secretary Wm. J. McGinley, in hjs report to the international convention of the order at Atlantic City.The total assets of the organization,the report stated, are approximately$15,000,000.The insurance department of theorganization has enjoyed a prosperous year, the report stating the "society is in excellent financial condition and its affairs are efficientlymanaged." Deaths for"the year totalled 5,281.,Wonem are stagiaa; boxings bonisin Lomdoa. -THE BOURBON NEWS,Mrs. Robert Cain and childrenare visiting relatives in Frankfort.Mrs. Octavia Delaney and littleson are visiting relatives in Cynthiana. ,Mis Mary Louise Clendenin, ofGeorgetown, is a guest of her father,Roy F. Clendenin.Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Biddle have'returned from a. visit to friends andrelatives in Indiana.Mrs. Mayme Parker is in NewYork looking over the markets fornovelties in millinery. xColeman Renick, of Chicago, isa guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.R. M. Renick, on Duncan avenue.Miss Mary Bradley has returned to her home invParis from a visitto the Misses Bradley, in Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Thomashave returned from a visit' to Mr.and Mrs. Geo Traxel, in Maysville.Misses Louise Connell and Dorothy Ann Dundon have returnedfrom a visit jto relatives in Masoncounty.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Payne haveas guests at their home on Scottavenue, Miss Lucy Wheeler, of Charlottesville. Va. '-Miss Marie Collins, of NorthMiddletown, has gone to CrystalLake, near Frankfort, Michigan, fora week's outing.Miss Elise Varden, of Paris,, andMiss Lucy Bishop, of Lexington, thevisiting relatives in Atlanta, Ga.,and Decatur, Ala. 'Misses Ruth and Idalee Wheeler are visiting Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Tanner, and Mr. and Mrs. ForrestYoung, in Ernst, Ky. vMiss Emily Fithian has beensecured as swimming instructor forgirls at the Y. Mr C. A., for the remainder of the season.Miss Elva Bennett has returnedto her home in Paducah, after avisit to Miss Margaret LaVin, at herhome on Pleasant street.R. S. Wollstein, of Hot Springs,Ark., is a guest at the home of hisuncle, Louis Wollstein, and Mrs.Wollstein, on Pleasant street.Miss Carolyn Wilmoth, Messrs. IVail Baldwin, Russell Frank, vWm.Wornall and George White Fithian,attended the dance at Richmond 'lastweek.Mrs. Jos. W. Davis, Jr., has returned from a visit to her father,H. C. Sharp, in Maysfille. She wasaccompanied home by her brother.Cecil Sharp.Mrs. W. O. Kidd and Miss Willie Campbell have returned to theirhomes in Frankfort, after a pleasantvisit at the home of Mr. and Mrs. B.J. Clay, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Spurgeon Payneand Miss Annie Payne have returned to their home in Charlottesville,Va., after a visit at the home of Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Payne, on Scott avenue. Mr. and Mrs. William Caywoodand daughter. Miss Elizabeth Caywood, have returned to their homein Paris, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Lewis Rutherford, in Nicholasville. Miss Frances Butler is visitingher --brother, Charles Butler, in Cincinnati. She was accompanied 'byher nephew, Charles Butler, Jr., whohas been a guest of his grandmotherin Paris. "" .Mrs. Charles S. Goldstein andchildren, Miss Alma Louise -andHallan Goldstein, are visiting Mrs.Goldstein's parents. Mr. and Mrs. S.Oppenheimer, in Huntington, WestVirginia.Mrs. Swiney Ray. who is recovering from a severe illness, is recuperating at Shakertown Inn. Mrs.Ray is also spending several dayswith Mr. and Mrs." George Crosdale,in Lexington.Misses" Nancy Keith Snyder, ofLouisville, and Freda and JuliaBelle Yarrington, of Lexington,house guests of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. O.Hinton, in this city, have returnedto their homes.Miss Mary Ellis, accompaniedby her grandmother, Mrs. M. H.Dickinson, is visiting relatives inGlasgow. Miss Ellis is member of ahouseparty being entertained inGlasgow by 'Miss Elizabeth Holman.Mrs. Jack Casey and littledaughter, Bettie Mcllvaine Casey,and Miss Casey, have returned totheir home in Danville, after a visitto Mr. Casey's -errandmother. Mrs.Bettie Mcllvaine, on Fifteenth street.Mrs. Samuel McGofhn anddaughters, Misses Elizabeth and Letitia McGoffin, Mr. John McGoffin,and Mrs. James Lyle, of Versailles,were guests of Miss ElizabethGrimes, at her home on Duncan avenue, for the week-end.Mrs. Lloyd Frazier of Johannesburg. South Africa, is a gjnest of Mrs.George Watkins, on the Lexingtonpike, near Paris. Mrs. Frazier was!formerly Miss Adeline -Wiseman, ofDanville. Mr. Frazier is the Standard Oil Co. representative- in SouthAfrica.Mr. and Mrs. .Robert M. Hopkins, Jr., of St Louis, Mo., who h?vebeen guests of Mrs. Hopkins' parents Mr. and Mrs. Thomas HelmClay, on Eighth street, have gone toCrystal Lake, near Frankfort, Mich.,where they will spend the remainderof the summer.rRev. J. J. Rice is a guest of hisfamily, at the home of Dr. J. T.jdiuwu, on main sireet. tev. Kice,who recently gave ..up his pastoratepf the Jonesboro, Ark.. Presbyterianchurch, will remain in Paris untilSeptember 1, wken k will take.charge, of the congregation of theDanville .church. Rev. Rice madePARIS, KENTUCKYthe journey from Jonesboro to Parisin. nis auto.Miss Elizabeth Stuart Carter,of Louisville, is a guest of MissAnna Ware.-Mr. and Mrs. Douglas 'Wood, ofWinchester, were guests Saturdayand Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. John H.Doty.John H. Seaton has returnedfrom a two-weeks' outing on theKentucky river, in Woodfordcounty.Mrs. N. W. Smith, of Morristown, Tenn., is visiting her daughter, Mrs. I. W.Bush, and family, onHouston avenue.N Miss Elizabeth Steele and Charlton Clay, of Paris, were players inthe mixed golf foursome, played atth Lexington Country Club lastweeK.Wm. D. Mclntyre, of Millershurg, hasjgone to Chautauqua, NewYork, to spend two weeks with hisfamily, who have been there for several weeks.Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton hasreturned from a visit to her aunt,Mrs. E. N. Wickliff, at ShakertownInn and at Beaumont Inn, nearHarrodsburg. 'Mrs. Mary Marshall, of Paris,and sister, Mrs. J. J. Curie, of Cynthiana, are visiting Mrs. Curie'sdaughter, Mrs. Robert Dabney, andMr. Dabney. in Akron, Ohio.Hazard Leader: "Misses Katieand Lillian Howard, of Paris, havebeen guests of their brother, WillJim Howard . .y . . Mrsr- Hattie Howard, of Paris, was called to the bedside of her daughter-in-law."Attorney Harvey Myers, of, Covington, was a business visitor inParis Friday and Saturday. Mr.Myers was in consultation with Secretary Harold Harris.of the ParisCommercial Club, regarding thegood" roads proposition.A party camping at Boonesboro Beach, on the Kentucky river,having a' cottage there is composedof Mrs. Logan Howard, of Paris,Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Baker, Miss Lucille Baker, and Mr. and Mrs. Edward Odear, of Lexington.Cincinnati Enquirer: "MissSophia Arnold, of Garrard street,Covington, left Friday for Paris fora visit with her uncle, Mr. HartTalbott, and to prepare the residence they have recently securedthere for the removal of her mother, Mrs. J. M. Arnold, and family,from Covington, early in September." Misses. Mary Lettoa, FlorenceHedges. Vola Dundon, Messrs. JohnDundon, George Dundon, Forest Adams and Rene Clark, of Paris, attend the dance given in Lexingtonby Miss Dollie Hanna, in compliment to bet" house guest, Miss Augusta Winn, of Kissimee, Florida.The occasion was the happy celebration of Miss Winn's birthday. Thehome was beautifully decorated withgoldenglow, palms and ferns. Thehostess was assisted in entertainingby her parents, Mr. and Mrs. OscarF. Hanna.(Other Personals on Pase 5)ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have In stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let usnave a, trial order.(31-ft) THB BOURBON NEWS.STONEStone Burial VaultsEndure forever.tPARIS CEMETERY CO.FARTHE LOANUNLESS AND$66.46 iter year onNO COMMISSIONSAsk Peoples DepositTrust Co., Paris, orMiddletown DepositNorth Middletown.I MI '! --8 I" !; Bourbpn News AdvertisersEnds Your liver TroublesMakes life Worth livingFor Sale ByBrooks & Snapp Drug Company,(tjll Sept. 12) s JOldest American Newspaper.The New York Globe was 'foundedon December 9, 1793, by Noah Webster,as the "American Minerva." It wasrenamed "The Commercial Advertiser"on October 7, 1797 and was againchanged to "The Globe and Commercial Advertiser" on February 1,19p4. This is the oldest daily newspaper still in existence in America. Aweekly paper, the New HampshireGazette, was established in 1756 andis still published. The HartfordCourant was established as a weekly,,the Connecticut Courant, in 1764, andis now a daily.Brownie J-I '1 J 1 As Gillette Blades II J II Get this straight I II For the first time in your II $1 buys you a genuine h'A sAQ JL II Gillette M IIII The "Brownie"-r (iCXtJI II With three genuine Afew A II Gillette Blades. tl!! O StI GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO. i i J A 4V II Boston, u. s. a. Nyy . $ kmI Now at all Dealers I $& Vf II No blades like v n$mI the genuine N. ? oVsIM Gillette Blades TvJ-Try Us With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAny TimePRINTINGTHE NEWS JOBBURIAL VAULTSare Nature's own material. No rust, no decayBest protection. Lowest cost. For sale byTHAT NEVER COMES DUEUNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY ITeach $1,900 of loan pays both principal and ImttrestBank &NoruVBank,KentuckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bid.PAGE THRU.Pioneers of Today. .The young fellow who leaves .a mv,--ariedjob to go into business for kta- ;self is as much of a pioneer as kk-ancestors who crossed the plain. tPortland Oregonian. t - 1Keeping Honey.Honey should be kept in a darkplace if it is to 'be kept without granulating.872 Cumberland, 379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need of -FRUltS,EGETABLES.Staple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONE' tAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeDEPARTMENTParis, KentuckyrLOANbNO RENEWALSLexinftoa, Ky.Get Results !A.T tfI"&tDfifcr;-i,i'- 3-1"to jA iAJla. "lMfcs-vwJV&ffc-v1-3?&.?.SfflBW''AGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, FARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST 8, '1922J. V ..' 1r ., S vjfc - " -i Jr3 - 5. ?i k J- . V : . i Tait t(m-s-ai; -k,'yrijio ' -r .! wiv. ..., ririr w iras. ja . saT& rc asa ., '-zj" skst;Wt c WV5r3ULT OF MAYSVILLE PIKE TOBE EEBUILToVWhile a visitor in this city recently at the office of the ParisCommercial Club, James "W. Norton,of the State Highway Departmentat Frankfort, stated that a portionof the Lexington pike, just outsideof the city limits of Paris, will be.reconstructed as soon as arrange-v ments are completed with the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Company. It was thought these arrangements would be completed in thenext few days. "Work will begin inabout ten days, or as soon as thenecessary details are arranged.The penetration course is being-laid on the Owingsville road betweenCane Ridge and Paris. When completed this road will undoubtedly"be the principally used one betweenLexington, Paris and Owingsville.The work of replacing the wooden"bridges between the city limits ofParis and Millersburg with concrete.which was part of Bourbon county'sagreement with the State, has beenstarted, and the short detours necessary have been confined to smallareas by means of temporary bridgesacross the streams.RELIGIOUSResume of Events In ReligionsCircles For Iresent andFutureOFFICIALS FIND LIQUOR INRAIDSRev. Thos. B. Talbott, of Lexington, will conduct the prayermeeting at the Presbyterian churchWednesday night at 7:30 o'clock.Rev. Talbott is a former Parisian,and brother of Mrs. W. A. Johnson,of Paris and Louisville. He is a former newspaper man, having re'formed. The revival meeting at the Clintonville Christian church, which began last Sunday, conducted by Rev.Earl Eastwood, of Lexington, isgrowing in interest, and the attendance in increasing. Services arebeing held at 7:45 o'clock eachevening:, and at eleven o'clock, and7:30 on Sunday.A revival meeting began Sunday at the Little Rock Christianchurch, conducted by Rev. W. J.Clark, evangelist, assisted by Carlton Lambert, song leader. Mr. Clarkis State Secretary and Evangelist 'ofthe Disciples of Christ, in Kentucky.BASE BALLSATURDAY'S GAMESParis 7. Lexington 6.Cynthiana 6, Winchester 0.Mt. Sterling 12, MaysvilleSUNDAY'S GAMES,Lexington 15, Paris 7.Mt. Sterling 8, Maysville 3.Winchester 5, Cynthiana 2.4.. THURSDAY'S GAMESMaysville at Paris.Winchester at Mt. Sterling.Lexington at Cynthiana.Chief of Police Link and Patrolman Lusk, in a series of raids Saturday and Sunday, corraled a supply of contraband liquor at a number -of places in the city. At theJiome of-Fisher Williams, colored, on"Short street, they found one andone-half pints of moonshine. Williams was" not at home at the timethe search was made. The home ofAnna Goodman, colored, in Claysville, when searched, did not yieldanything but the ofiicials say theyfound a gallon of moonshine secreted in the weeds in the rear of thehouse, and covered up with oldsacks. A blacksmith shop on Sycamore street was also searched, butthe officers said they found only alot of empty bottles which had atsome time contained "hootch." No-arrests were made.HANCOCK HORSES BRING'000 AT SARATOGA$72,CLUB STANDINGWonCynthiana 8Paris . ., . . 8Lexington . . . . . . 7Maysville. . . . . .7Mt. Sterling 5Winchester 3;Lost Pect.4 .6675 .6155 .5836 .538h8, .38510 .231house' in the game between Paris in the League. But if things conand Lexington, at Lexington, Sat-tinue as they are there will be nourday, Manager Pat Deveraux, Joe one to go to the games.Burnham and Pete Amato were re- "Boost for Paris." We have aliased by Business Manager Jess' ways contended that the cheapestMorton. Anew first baseman from , thing in Lexington was a ticket toCincinnati has been signed for the 'Paris. We e-o nnri fin wrDISPERSAL SALE HOGSLexington team.On League Park grounds in ParisSaturday afternoon, a team of playnow we will see how many come tofill our stands.What we want is base ball. Wedo not expect to win every game.ers ycu num uie iour unurch out we do hate to see them tossedLeague teams of Paris defeated the away, as they tossed Sunday's gameNorth Middletown Christian church after having it tucked in the batteam by a score of 10 to 0. The bat- I bag and fast asleep,teries were: For Paris. Burnett an'dOwens;forwfMiietr"'.!'e; PATT0BE GAS AND ELECTRICvenson and Pickett. The game-wasumpired by W. V. Shaw, of Paris.The North Middletown team hasmade an enviable record this season,having a large string of victories totheir credit.JHIGH SCHOOL NOTES' All Paris High School footballplayers are asked to meet the coach,James Clay Ward, at the City Schoolthis (Tuesday) afternoon, at 2:30o'clock. This year's schedule is thebest ever arranged for Paris High.Let everyone come to the meeting.The first game of the season isscheduled for Friday, September 15.I will be at the office at the HighSchool to-day (Tuesday) August 8,from 8:00 a. m., until 6:00 p. m.,and shall be glad to have all freshmen report to-morrow.LEE ,KIRKPATRICK, Supt.oREAL ESTATE DEALSW. D. Sledd, of Paris, recentlypurchased a small farm near -Jacks-town,,for $190. an acre for investment purposes.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday afternoon at the court housedoor for Master Commissioner O. T.Hinton the Mary Griffith Hayesproperty, consisting of a five-roomhouse and lot, on Vine street, to J.K Soper, of Paris, for $1,825.Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J. Santenhave let the contract for construetion or their modern brink himraKentucky breeders at Saratogawho have been anxiously speculating on the thoroughbred market thisyear, went to bed Friday night withtheir doubts dispelled, for they hadseen 8 colts and fillies from theBlue Grass farms sold over the auction block for a total of $107,450.The average for the lot was morethan $2,800.The first of the get of Omar Khayyam, consigned by Arthur Hancockfrom his Claiborne Stud in Bourboncounty, brought sensational prices.Ten colts and five fillies brought atotal of $72,000, or an average of$4,813. The colts averaged $5,820and the fillies $2,800. The top priceof the evening was $9,500, paid bythe Greentree Stable for a son ofOmar Khayyam and imported Maryi Maud.The Omar Khayyam colts sold asfolltfws, the dam being indicated:Ch c, Tea Biscuit; J. L. Rhinock,$6,100.Ch. c, Prude; Quincy Stable, $8,500. Ch c, Embroidery, Quincy Stable,$5,000.r c, Golding; Quincy Stable, $4,000. Br f, Delft; J. C. Milam. $4,000.Br c, Mary Maud; Greentree Stable, $9,500.Br f, Dark Water; FrederickJohnson, $2,100.Br f, Orowoc; Mrs. S. R. Riddle,$2,000.Br c, Golding; Qunicy Stable, $4,000. Ch c, Vignola; J. S. Cosden, $2,300. Ch f, Chemulpo; Bud Fisher, $3,900. Ch c, Silent Queen; J. S. Cosden.I $3,300.Ch f, Sand Dune; Will Perkins,, $2,000.B c, French Essex; W. J. Salmon.$2,500.A bay colt by Omar Khayyam outof Honey Bee was reported sick andwas not sold."O-Y. M. C. A. NOTESMiss Emily Fithian, of Paris, wellknown as an expert swimmer, haslow on Houston avenue, to Contrac- j ben secured by the Y. M. C. A. astor jonn Arkle, who is preparing to -""""""& 1UD"U"1 ior me rebegin work at once. The new home mainder of tn season for the girl'sclasses.Tennis continues to be one of thewill be up-to-date in every respect, iemu. ijuhc an ttuiuuun to a street oihandsome homes.ICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and deliverted at:60c per quart.. $1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, will Iplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St..popular games at. the "Y" building.New tapes have been ordered for thecourt. All members desiring toplay must register at the "Y" office.a ue court win reserve ior meni only after 5 p. m. Women are askedI to play during the earlier hours ofthe day.LABOR DAY TOURNAMENTThe Hilltop Gun Club, of Bourboncounty, announces a Bluegrass championship target shoot, to be held onMonday, September 4, Labor Day, atthe Club grounds, on the farm of Alfred Clay, near Austerlitz. The shoothas been mithnrispH htr iio AmcK.The flag of the German Republic can Trapshooting League, the rulesias never been Jlown in some parts of which will govern the scores inof Germany. cluded in the official recQrdOf the total number of-characters in Shakespeare's157 are females.1,277Plays,PUBLIC SALEOp1DESIRBALE RENT PROPERTYWednesday, Aug. 16, at 2 P. M.ON THE PREMISEStJJ As gents for the undersiSed we will offer to the highest and bestbidder the following values in investment properties:2 o'clock, No. 1 rs a house of 4 rooms, located on Scott avenuejust below the Maysville crossing. Has gas in the house for heating andlighting purposes, water in the yard, and a good garden in the rear2:30 o'clock, No. 2 Is a house of 4 rooms, heated and lighted by, water, in the kitchen, and a good garden in the rear. This property is located on Higgins avenue, near .the City High. School, and wit&in, a short distance of the business section of the town. ..- r ese PrPertIes JrtU make you a good investment forT eV M T1? nvegted in rel tatoou may depend on.It ;o brim ia the intereet. Tou want this property, and if vn wfixojre wat you toare it. Buy fo irt! rent' or, lire in. but buy" -' rV Harris, will f umkk information.mmm. nom Cnatfa jka nmm j r - " 7--rv , .j -. -" '" '' . MJ-IJ-U).Superb pitching by Long enabledCynthiana to defeat the Paris teamin the game played at League Park,in Paris, Thursday afternoon, by ascore of 2 to 0, and placed the Maiden City team in the lead at thattime. Long allowed but five hitsand struck out eight men. Par-Jsons pitched a good game for Paris.yielding one run m tne first inningand one in the second, holding thevisitors helpless afterward. Shortstop Seltz, of the Cynthiana team,sprained his ankle sliding into 'second base in the second inning andwas forced to retire. An argumentwith Umpire Shaw resulted in thebanishment of Gicona, of the Paristeam in the fourth inning. The gamewas one of the fastest of the season, being played in one hour andthirty-seven minutes. The batterieswere: For Paris Parsons and Brock-man; for Cynthiana Long and "Willie. Shaw umpired.Nine innings of poor baseball andone battle royal, followed by the release of three Lexington players,marked one of the most disagreeableaffairs that have taken place recently in baseball circles, in thegame at Lexington, Saturday, between Paris and Lexington. The talehas been often told and may, perhaps, have gained in the telling, butenough has been said about it. Atany rate Paris handed Lexington adefeat by a margin of one run, thefinal score being 7 to 6. Scout BillyDoyle, of the Detroit Tigers, whowas present during the fray, statedthat he was sorry he had not beenscouting for prize fight candidatesinstead of base ball players. Thebatteries were, for Paris, Wills,Gross and Macke, for Lexington,Marks. Landers and Kelly.The mere details of the game itself are not sufficient to interest thereading public, but the fact that ageneral riot was staged at a ballgame, a thing that has happenedmore than once where Lexingtonhoodlums the concerned made the affair more than memorable. It allhappened in the second inning, overa decision by Umpire Webb, in calling Nippert out at second when Cicona hit a grounder to Reistenburgat second. Managers Wills and Deveraux and other players became involved in a scrap and spectatorsfrom the grandstand swarmed on thefield, staging a scrap that threatenedto assume large propoitions. As soonas one scrap was stopped anotherwould spring up on another part ofthe field. Plainly speaking is was adisgrace to baseball, one not to becondoned under any circumstances,and showed more plainly than everthe disposition of Lexington plugs tostart a riot when it is to their advantage to do so.In the game at Lexington Sundaythe Paris and Lexington teams repeated the fiasco of Saturday, minusthe fighting stunt. Spectators snvit was simply a step from the ridiculous to worse. Lexington won thegame by a score of 15 to 7, movingup to third place in the Blue GrassLeague race. The unsavory advertisement the game received from thescrapping match of Saturday had atendency to increase the attendance,and one of the largest crowds of theseason gathered to see the contest.Perhaps most of the fans expected tosee another war, but were disappointed. The Paris pitching staffwas wilder than a ten-pound basshooked on a fishing line. Blakefieldwas knocked out of the box, andwas succeeded by Wills, who faredno better. Parsons came to the rescue and finished the game, issuingpasses to first to six Lexington men.Paris spectators say the game was atravesty. Three umpires officiated.On one close play one umpire calleda foul, the other called it fair, andtne third said he didn't see the play.xue rang ians are considering asking for a program giving the cast ofcharacters in the next comedy between Paris and Lexington. Thebatteries were: For Paris, Blakefield, Wills, Parsons and Brockman;for Lexington, Park and Kelley. Theumpires were Marrs, Dawson andGoodman.The boys' baseball team from theClifton playgrounds at Lexington,defeated the team made up of boysfrom the various Paris plagrounds,in a game played on Hancok Field inthis city, Thursday afternoon. Thescore was 16 to 0. The Paris playgrounds team will play the Lexington team at Woodland Park. Lexington, next Thursday.BELLSDon't forget that the 10th of -themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and. electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)The dispersal sale of the Mayfield1.Farm Duroc Jersey hogs in Fayettecounty 'resulted in the ' low averageof $73 a head, forty-one head beingdisposed of. Walter Meng, of NorthMiddletown, and J. C. Leer, Jr., ofMillersburg, were Bourbon countypurchasers. The highest price ofthe sale was $140.oThe first bicycle of the present,type, two wheels of about the samesize, was brought out in 1S85.LOSTLadies' brown leather handbagvcontaining money and jewelry andFirst National Bank pass book.iLost on street or in lobby of PostOffice. Finder leave at First National Bank and receive suitable reward. (It)' The Escondida team played thejacKsonvine team on the latter'grounds Sunday afternoon, Jackson-(ville winning by a score of 10 to 6.The Black's Cross Road team challenged the winner, and met defeatby a score of 7 to 6. ;4je.MThe Baptist and Methodist teamsin the Church League will play atHancock Field this (Tuesday) afternoon, at 330 o'clock. Friday'scontest between the Presbyterians Iand Christians will be staged on thesame grounds.BASEBALL NOTESMore sunshine practice and lessmoonshine. A few boozers on theteam is thoroughly demoralizing.We suggest that manager Willstake his pitchers out and have thempractice throwing at a dishpana)bout two hours a dayWhat we need is a few pitchersthat can locate home plate.Sunday's game is not worthv ofmention they all played rotten.n We understand that our pitchersclaim they can not pitch off thehigh mound in the Lexington tennis court. If that is the case, whynot build a mound in one corner ofour lot and let our boys learn topitch from it.When one of our pitchers has toretire on account of beine lambastd iout of the box, or not able to find)me piaie. tney seem to think it agreat joke, and come to the benchlaughing.Paris is one of the best ball townsccTHE-BANK OF SERVICE'Unless You Start YouWon't ArriveYour income has three uses to pay yesterday's bills; to meet to-day's opportunities;and to make ready for tomorrow's emergencies. For the first usage a checking account is aconvenience; but for the others an interestbearing account is essential.Start one now. Distribute your income soas not to slight your future.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00MANHATTAN SHIRTSALEThis is the Shirt Sale you have been waiting for, and now isyour chance to lay in your supply at much less than its regularworth.Every man knows the Manhattan Shirt as the best known andknown as the best, so get busy, read over these prices and come inand make your selection. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY ! .The Clifton junior 'baseball teamwill play the Paris playgroundsteam at Woodland Park, in Lexington, Thursday afternoon at twoo'clock. This is a return game, theClifton winning the first game atthe Paris playgrounds recently. ,The Winchester team has purchased pitcher Eteenman and .outfielder Bell from the .Mayiyille "club.to report immediately. A'new catcher. -from tfcLouitrintoneX'Jiaaajtoo been signed, to,report forTMrUy tern. 4 ,. , r .Following the disagreeable rougn$2.50 Shirtscut to$3.00 Shirtscut to$3.50 Shirtscut to$4.00 Shirtscut to$4.50 Shirtscut to$5.00 Shirts' cut to$6.00 Shirtscut to$1.65.... .$2.15.....,....Vi..w. $2.35r-..:.'.... .'..:.;! $2.85....$3.15i...:...:i...lv $3.45$4.25NO APPROVALSP.WALSH,II v" DI II ' 7th inriMiln u . , On.DrtA tLu ., M"l -K T it rTUESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1922nnv MHW nPtTcr . .nun rt&vro, xxxjvio, aciMTUUlvYr ' -PAGE FITSx x-n"GIFTS THAT LAST"ses"";TEA FOR ICED TEAIf you buy Ferndale or Chase &Sanborn Teas, you get the best.C. P. COOK & CO.BUSINESS CHANGESW. S. Hughes has sold his stockof general merchandise at Shawhanto George M. Tate, who took possession of the business at once. Mr.Hughes has returned to Paris, and istemporarily residing on Lillestonavenue.oINSURANCE PAD)Roy. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent for the NorthwesternMutual Life Insurance Co., delivered to Mrs. Gertrude Stamler a voucher for $4,565.93, being, the amountof two policies with dividends accured on the life of the late HarryStamler, who died in Paris severalweeks ago. - s "'1 ' -ir.P1 o'- ; SCHOOL ELECTIONAs a result of the eledtion heldat Ruddles Mills Friday by order ofthe County Court for the purpose oftaking the sense of the people ofthat district to abandon the oneroom school and establish a consolidated school at Ruddles Mills, theproposition carried by a vote of 172for and 31 against.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, August 8.Lasky Production of "Get-Rich-QuickWallingford;" Mutt and JeffComedy, "Shadowed;" StandardComedy, "Matinee Idol."To-morrow, Wednesday, August9 May McAvoy, in "Through AGlass Window;" Pathe News; Educational Comedy, "An Overall Hero."Thursday, August 10 Pola Negri, in "Intrigue;" Snub PollardCorned y, "Punch The Clock;" PatheSerial, "Go-Get-'Em-Hutch."INVESTMENT PROPERTY FORSALEHarris, Speakes and Harris offertwo pieces of property for sale Wednesday, August 16, at 2 p. m. Don'tfail to attend.CS-11-15)-o-TTATT, INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.( july7 tf )MONEY AND JEWELS STOLENThe theft of a purse containing20 in money, a check for $10, agold watch and several articles ofjewelry, belonging to Mrs. G. A.Baxter, of Knoxville, Tenn., was reported to the Paris police.Mrs. Baxter, who, with her husband, is stopping at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Chas. N. Fithian, laidher purse on the writing desk inthe postoffice lobby while directingan envelope. She noticed a whiteman in his shirt sleeves standingnear at the time. When she finishedher work and looked up both manand purse had disappeared. Adescrtiption of the jnan was furnished the police, who are endeavoring to locate him.oPOLA NEGRI IN "INTRIGUE,"THURSDAYThe latest and most daring creations of Parisian designei'S are wornby Pola Negri, the celebrated continental actress in "Intrigue," hernewest screen drama which comes toThe Alamo and Grand, Thursday afternoon and night."Intrigue" is a story of modernParis, and was filmed in Paris, thusproviding Pola Negri with an opportunity to shop for the latest gownsin Paris shops during the filming ofthe scenes.Many of -the roles that she hasportrayed were character parts inwhich she was compelled to wearthe costumes of the period, but"Intrigue" is a 1921 story, laid in'the fashion capital of the world, andth beautiful Pola Negri revels inthe finest of finery.oIN AUTO 'COLLISIONWhile Mrs. Chas. V. Higgins, ofnear Paris, accompanied by a littlechild of one of the farm tenants wasdriving in a buggy near the cornerof Tenth and Pleasant streets, theywere run into by an automobile saidto have been driven by a Mr. Faulkner, of Winchester.Mrs. Higgins was thrown fromthe buggy, striking on her head andshoulders, suffering a fracture ofthe arm near the shoulder, and receiving a number of severe cuts andbruises about the head and body.The child was uninjured.The occupants of the car returned to the scene of the collision andassisted by bystanders, placed Mrs.Hisrimsm tkefck car a"nd rushed herto, .the MaieMemorial Hospital,wre ker imjurta wer slrea medi -tttf atUtio. Mm r wm xomiW Mfekt m Ma coftfiferably tiM -PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some TonEnow and Othen YonDon't.Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Caywood, ofRavenna, are guests of the former'sparents near this city.Mrs. W. W. Judy entertainedwith luncheon-bridge Saturday ather home on Houston avenueMrs. James Metcalfe spent theweek-end in Lexington, as guest ofMr. and Mrs. Chester Morris.Mrs. John H. Moran, of Cincinnati, was a guest Saturday and Sunday, of relatives in this city.Mrs. John L. Day, of Paris, wastaken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, Saturday, for treatment.Thomas McCray, Jr., is ill atthe home of his parents, Mr. andMrs. Thos. McCray, in this city.Mrs. Lula Williams, of Knoxville, Tenn., is visiting Mrs. E. J.Lee and family, at Seventh andMain streets. "" " a,s .,-'Mis. Charles Staples and daughter, Miss Josephine, of Lexington,spent the week-end in Paris asguests of Mr. and Mrs. Custis Talbott. Miss Margaret Elizabeth Neal,of Richmond, is a geust of her aunt,Mrs. John J. Williams, and Mr. Williams, at their home on Pleasantstreet.Miss Genevieve Molloy has returned to her home in Lexington,after a pleasant visit to Mr. andMrs. Swift Champ, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Rogers entertained at their home on the CaneRidge pike near Paris, in honor ofMrs. J. M. Alverson. who has goneto Harlan to reside. vFrankfort State Journal: "Mrs.Jane Adams Clay, Miss Ann Walcott and Mrs. Dulin Moss have goneto Detroit, Mich., to visit Mrs. Bertram Gifiles, formerly Miss Katherine Tobin, of this city."Mrs. Rosa M. Payne entertained with a luncheon at the LafayetteHotel, in Lexington, in complimentto Mrs. Hugh Montgomery, of Paris,and Mrs. Lydia Payne Cogar andMiss Marion Cogar, of Louisville.Mrs. Harriet . P. Minaker, ofParis, Visiting Nurse foi the Healthand Welfare League, and her sister, Mrs. Hazel Restrick, of Lexington, will leave Thursday for a vacation trip to their former home inPicton, Canada.A reunion of Bourbon countymembers of the Shropshire familywas held at the home of Mr. andMrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire,near Paris, Sunday. A large number of out-of-the county relativeswere also present.The following party from Pariswill spend part of this week in campat the Boonesboro Beach: Mr. andMrs. James Grinnell, Mrs. CharlesClare, Misses Nannie M. Cooper, Lena Cooper, Ina Mattox, Messrs. Winston Hart, Ecklar Wallace and JackBush.Mrs. Fannie Garrett, Miss Martha Garrett and Robert Garrett, ofRichmond, has as their guests for aweek's outing at Boonesboro Beach,Mrs. James Dean, of Lagrange; MissChristine Alexander, of South City,and Vail Baldwin, of Paris.Miss Thelma Miller and Mrs.Nicholas Bohn and daughters, ofParis, were guests Friday of Mr.and Mrs. Ray Anderson, in Lexington. In the evening the attended theradio concert given at the suburbanhome of A. T. Sayre. Several otherguests were present.M. E. Guttman, of The LeaderStore, has returned from an extended business and pleasure trip toNew "York. Mr. Guttman broughtTHE NEWS a copy of a Chinesenewspaper wmcn ne picKea up in astroll one day through New YorkJsChinatown.Miss Lucille Robb will entertainthis week with a houseparty at herhome on the Nicholasville pike nearLexington. The guests will beMiss Virginia Ayres, of Mt. Sterling;Miss Mary Ellen Dale, of Eminence;Messrs John T. Woodford, of Paris,and Roger Bourland, of Lancaster.Miss Robb will entertain with alawn party in their honor Wednesday evening.Mrs. Thomas J. Morrison washost Saturday afternoon with a boxparty at McCauley's Theatre, inLouisville, followed by tea at Benedict's in honor of her nieces, MissesVirginia Morrison, of Paris, andMartha Boiling McCandless, of Louisville. The guests were: MissesVirginia Morrison, Martha BoilingMcCanless, Eva Fletcher and Frances Miller and Mrs. Edward Miller.Mrs. Fay Ardery entertainedwith bridge at her home on the Lexington pike, near Paris, in honor ofMrs. L. I. Smith, of Pensacola, Florida, guest of her sister, Mrs. FrankP. Kiser, and Mr. Kiser, on Houstonavenue. At the close of the gamesrefreshments were served. The prizefor the highest score was awarded toMrs. John A. Bower. The followingguests were present: MesdamesDenis Dundon, Bernard J. Santen,Mayme Remington Parrish, WatsonW. Judy, Whittington Mann, CustisTalbott, Frank P. Kiser, Rachel Barlow (Pensacola, Fla.), v Frank M.Clay, Harry Mathers," Edward Tucker, William Shire,, Lew Taylor, Chas.A. McMillan, Thos. W. Allen, E. W.jGlai, W G. Griffin, J. W. Bacon,t Rort- JIUteer, Brinch Meinertz,! Anablle Wallace", Henry-May, Cal-John A. Bower, and Miss Clara Bacon. Mrs. Faris Adams, of Paris, isvisiting friends and relatives inRichmond.Miss Katheryne Hammond, ofAshland, Ky., is the guest of hercoustin, Miss Peggy Rose, of thisCity. u i.. !HW!5nJE3Mrs. Thomas Higgins, of Paris,attended the funeral and burial ofher relative, Thomas Smith, in Lexington. Mrs. W. V. Shaw of Paris, whohas been visiting her sister, in Butler, has gone to Petosky, Michigan,for an extended stay.Miss Lena Rose has returnedfrom a two-weeks' vacation withfriends and relatives in Huntington,W Va., and Ashland, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. .Charles B. Link, ofKansas City, Mo., are guests of theformer's brother, Chief of PoliceFred Link, and his mother, Mrs.Robert Link, in this city.John J. Redmon and WarrenM. Rogers have returned from a sojourn at Miwogco Mineral Springs,near Milan, Indiana. Both werewell pleased with this coming resortof the West.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann entertained at dinner Saturday night at the Country Club,near Lexington, in compliment toMr. Wiedemann's uncle, Mr. Stanhope Boal, of Piqua, 0., who is visiting Mr. and Mrs., Catesby Woodford, of Bourbon county. Coverswere laid for Mr. and Mrs. Wiedemann, Mr. and Mrs. Woodford, Mr.and Mrs. Brutus Clay, of Paris,Pauline Purcell and Mr. CharltonClay, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 3)oBIRTHSIn this city to the wife of Geo.Toohey, a daughter.To the wife of J. H. Feltman, ofthe Louisville & Nashville, in thiscity, a daughter. Mr. and Mrs. Feltman recently moved here from Somerset. Mi', and Mrs. John Rourke, ofEast Eighth street, are being congratulated on the arrival of a ten-ipound son, born at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city.AUGUST COURT DAYA very small crowd greeted August Court Day yesterday, and thevolume of business transacted inlivestock was rather small. Therewas a dearth of horses and otherstock on the market, those that werehere changing hands at fair pricesAt the M. J. Murphy stock yardsAuctioneer George D. Speakes sold aconsignment of sheep at good pricesThe horse traders did some business.Merchants report only a fair business, with collections about an average for August. Farmers were toobusy with their crops to visit thecity. The usual "sideshows" werein evidence.CARS IN COLLISIONA large touring car, bearing a Indiana license tag, carrying a manand woman and several children,whose names were not secured, collided with a Bourbon county car onthe Lexington road, five miles fromParis, Saturday, the touring car being badly damaged. The Indianaparty were touring the Bluegrass region. None of the occupants wereinjured. All refused to give namesA number of glass jars, containingblackberry jam, part of the commissiary department of the touring car,were broken, and their contentsscattered over the cars and the roadbed. The damaged car was broughtto Paris, where, after repairs hadbeen made the party continued theirinterrupted journey.TAX NOTICE.THE BOURBON COUNTY TAXCOMMISSIONER'S OFFICE, AT THECOURT HOUSE, IS NOW OPEN FORTHE TRANSACTION OF BUSINESS.ALL TAXPAYERS ARE ASKED TOCALL EARLY AND LIST THEIRPROPERTY FOR TAXATION.BEN WOODFORD, JR.,(July 21-tf) Taxv Commissioner.FOR RENTFour furnished rooms, ready forhousekeeping, at 407 Pleasantstreet. Call at once.(It) MRS. CARL CRAWFORD.Ladies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at$15, $18, $25, $29Worth double value. Colors:black, browri. etc. It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros.Dept StoreCHAS.S. GOLD1TINE 'ConMr'StYtmh a Main 9ttf 'YOU STILL HAVE TIMETo Share in Our Bargain FeastBut don't waitOne Lot Men's SummerSuitsAt Less Than Half PriceS6.85-S8.85-S9.85One Lot of Men's SuitsThat Can Be Worn Any TimeS16.75Values to 135.00Florsheim Oxfords$8.85Every pair of Oxfords and Shoes hasbeen reduced for final clearance.The above represents just a few of what we' offer you.Only a visit here will reveal how great your savings are.LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetffJ it-yWe also call your attention to thebest spring madefEither ofTHE J.EITHERPHONE 3SI." s,1 Motor Hearetoo long, because suchCan't Last Forever.Men'sWhiteWithBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveYou, housekeepers, Jaiowthatmanybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofkHIiK?IiwfocraiBed Springssuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dustand lint.And such sleeping comfort!just naturally relax and drop ofEinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of thssprings has just reached usCome in let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.CoDTitffhUd Shannon Bed Spring Co.,VmInc., Loulsrfflo. Ky. n WyWizZL K59BWvtiwmthese springs sent on30 days trialT. HINTOJV CO.PARIS. KENTUCKY SIXTH AIM mum" - -Motor -a" nrhgood ThingsAthletic Union Suits50cSizes 34 to 56Work Shirtsand Tan ShirtsButton-Down Collar75o95cBoys' Suits, Shoes and Furnishingsradically reduced A mighty goodtime to prepare for school days.f . k.tt'- - "TrsiiilsWin, 'MiYou JBHiF" :J lPARIS. KY. . v -Y"rs-N'.-,. ',? . '-, '. ..-f" 'v.v'- -'- , -PAGE SIX"1 !"'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1S22 1STRAIN TOO GREATKindreds of Paris Headers FindDaily Toil a BurdenThe hustle and worry of businessmen,The hard work and stooping of-jrorkmen,The woman's household cares,Often weaken the kidneys.Backache, headache, dizziness,Kidney troubles, urinary troublesfrequently follow.A Paris citizen tells you what toflo.O. T. Sprake, contractor and carpenter, 304 Main street, says: "Ihave been a sufferer from kidneytrouble for many years and Doan'sKidney Pills is the best medicine I-3iave ever been able to find. Theyalways give me fine relief and I can'trecommend them too highly. I have"been in bad shape at times and backache caused me to lay off work forseveral days. I was greatly annoyed by the frequent passage of thekidney secretions, which containeda, sandy sediment. When I have anyneed for such a medicine I useDoan's and it doesn't take them longto fix me up in good shape."Price Gfic, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Sprake had. Foster-Mil-TmrnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. '"AMERICAN LEGION DISABILITYCAMPAIGNThe American Legion State-wideand Service Census resulted in thefiling of many hundred claims fordisability due to service in the"World War. Almost every county inKentucky has an American LegionService officer or Red Cross secretarywhose services are available to assist disabled Kentuckians in preparing their claims.To date the Kentucky DisabledrExservice Men's Board has on fileapproximately thirteen x hundred1,300) cases of men who are suffering disability on account of theirWorld War service and who havenot been-, able to secure adequatecompensation. This Board was created by the 1922 Legislature for thepurpose of assisting them in securing their compensation. So faxmore than three hundred (300) casesnave been" settled through the efforts of the Board and other casesare being rapidly disposed of. Anydisability men who have not received proper compensation should writethe Secretary, Henry J. Stites, 308Louisville Trust Building, Louisville, Ky., and furnish him with details of disability and cause of complant, and include the claim number which is found on the right handside of correspondence from theUnited States Veterans' Bureau.Jackson Morris, chairman of theBoard, states that in addition to newclaims and old claims as yet unsettled, that there are many instancesof men formerly drawing propercompensation who have had theircompensation either decreased or entirely stopped without good cause.These men should also write to Mr.Stites promptly so that the Boardcan assist in re-instating their compensation.THE DOLLAR HAS "GROWING -jT. PAINS"Dollars are bigger than they werea few years back. They have lost-that gaunt 50-cent look. The expenditure of a millon of them bybusiness or industry means infinitelymore.The announcement some timesince that the government wouldexpend $60,000,000 on highways'was gladly acclaimed by the peopleand the press, for it was realizedthat such a sum would contributesubstantially to prosperity. TheBethlehem Steel corporation announced $50,000,000 in improve-ments. The railroads are to spendmillions.Jnvestments such as these, especially in times of stress, mean muchto the nation. They are incentivesjtor heavy outlays in other lines.Thejr serve to quicken the economicpulse of the whole countryYet .large as the above sumseem, they do not compare with contemplated expenditures of the electric light and power, gas, teleplione and street railway organizations, estimated at $1,000,000,000 aTear for five to seven years. Expenditures of such proportions a fewyears ago would have been reflectedin rates which, instead, were held tothe minimum, while prices for mostTry other thlng entering into ourV very-day life soared.-A No utility organization is able tojfmamce betterments out of its earnings, "which are regulated throughlegal channels, and still, pay meritediatereet to the many who have theirfumds invested. Nor will the own-ra-ofthese funds continue to support utilities which are jeopardized,ootetimee Mmjaatly! by the very people tkey serve. 'Fak-meac Sa tke key that -will. lMtea tke release of utility dollars Jtot t be? t of ta wrtrjrBURLEY TOBACCO MEN TOEIECT DELEGATESDirectors of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Association,at their regular August meeting inLexington, decided to adopt a policyof national advertising in order topopularize burley tobacco, redistrict the territory in which burleytobacco has been signed up to theassociation's co-operative marketingplan and set the dates for the annual elections.Candidates for delegates are to benominated at mass meetings at 2o'clock in the afternoon of Saturday,September 2. the delegates electedby ballot at elections held in thecourt houses of the various countiesSaturday, September 16, betweenthe hours of 8 a. m. and 4 p. m., andthe delegates to meet on Monday,September 18, at the court house inthat county, in each district whichdelivered the largest amount of the1921 tobacco crop to the associationas provided by the by-laws, to select a director for each of these districts.Mass meetings at court house ineach burley county to nominatecandidates for delegates; twice asmany to be nominated as county isentitled to in convention.Saturday, September 16 Electionof county delegates at election heldin court houses, voting to be by balbot and on official ballot only. Votermay vote in person or send his ballot in by any person or by mail.Monday, September 18 Electionof district directors by delegateselected September 16. Meetings forelection of directors being held inthat county of each district whichdelivered most tobacco of 1921 cropto assocation, in cases in which district contains more than one -county.Officers to be appointed at massmeetings September 2, who will con-dutc the election of delegates Sep-itember 16. Official ballots enough,for election and more, to be sent tothese officers in ample time for election. Every grower of tobacco who is amember of the association, whetherold or new, entitled to one vote,whether he grows one acre or onethousand acres.CHUECHES ABE BECOMING EFFICIENT ADVERTISERSDuring successful "Journalism"Week," at the University of. Missouriin May, editors gathered from various parts of the State.Fred Naeter, of Naeter Bros., proprietors of the. well-known CapeGirardeau Southeast Missourian, inan informal address at Columbia,told his fellow-scribes that his paper had developed quite a satisfactory source of paid advertising fromchurch notices. This was not doneby arbitrary charging for the ministers of the different churches bytrial advertisements that proper advertising would greatly increase interest in church work.Two or three publications, usingthe regular church notices, weresufficient to demonstrate this andnow all churches , not only in thecity of. Cape Girardeau, but most ofthem in Cape Girardeau county, arenow inserting paid advertisementsof varying sizes every Friday and"Saturday.CLIMATES NOT CHANGINGThe climates of the world have notchanged , in the last ten years, norin the last ten centuries, for thatmatter, says Charles F. Talman, ofthe United States Weather Bureau,in the "Mentor Magazine." "Old-fashioned winters, the kind we don'tget now," have always been talkedabout. 'Even in Ben Franklin's day,pamphlets were published describingchanges in the climate of the UntedStates. It is "human nature to remember the exceptional seasons,such as the winter of 1917-1918,and compare every season withthem, thus giving rise 'to the beliefthat climates change, says Talman,whereas daily checks at 30,000weather bureaus throughout theworld show that the average weather condition has remained unchanged for hundreds of years.SOUTH CAROLINA TOBACCOMARKETS OPENAlmost a million pounds of tobacco was sold at prices rangingfrom three to fifty cents a pound onopening day of South Carolina tobacco market Tuesday, of last week,at Columbia, S. C, according to figures compiled. The largest sale ofthe day was at Lake City, where550,800 pounds changed hands foran average of 17 cents.Sales were largely confined to socalled independent warehouses, andthe general average for the State'smarkets was approximately 17 centsa pound,, or almost double the priceof opening day of last year.Railroad service between Moscowand Kiev. Russia, has been reducedto one train'a week." T4" " VWhit sine is produced fcy a pro-mm U 4c ifiqrmxIS TREASURE HOUSEAbyssinia Is Wonderfully Rich inNatural Resources.Persian Consul General to the UnitedStates Tells of Visit to CountryPresent Rulers Willing toReceive Foreigners.New York. Gen. H. H. Topakyan,Persian consul general to the UnitedStates, who has recently visited therulers of the Near East, as well asEurope, gives the following account ofhis experiences in Abyssinia :"During the lifetime of King Menelik Abyssinia was a closed country tothe outside world. Now everything isdifferent. Raz Tafary reigns in hisstead."I have recently been the guest fortwo months of this crown prince andhis mother, the queen of Abyssiniaand daughter of King Menelik.'Tins' royal descendant of the queenof Sheba is advanced in years, andaffairs of state devolve upon CrownPrince Raz Tafary, a very broadminded, smart young man of thirty-six, whois likely any day to succeed his moth-eiLJ2JLjyonej. T1l. crown princeis highly "educated and speaks manyforeign languages fluently."While King Menelik was afraid ofwhite people and never gave concessions to anyone, Raz Tafary is willing to have foreigners come intoAbyssinia and develop the mines, minerals, railroads, manufactures and agriculture of his domain. In the worldtoday I have not seen any such opportunity for profitable investment asAbyssinia affords. The country is aperfect treasure house of gold, silver,copper, coal and precious stones andimmense quantities of bicarbonates.Its wealth in petroleum cannot be estimated, and it is also a great farming and cattle country. On the luxuriant meadows of Abyssinia I sawcows which sold for $10 that wouldbring at least $150 in the UnitedStates."On my arrival at Addis-Ababa andthe palace of this ancient empire ofAbyssinia I was presented to thequeen, who was gowned in green andyellow silk royal colors of the country and who sat on her throne ofstate. On her head blazed a crownof diamonds that cost $3,000,000. Oneach- side of her stood 300 or 400 slavegirls, robed in white, each one carrying a beautiful fan with which shefanned the queen: Long earringshung beside every comely brown faceand anklets of pure silver adornedtheir feet. They were a wealthy,wonderful type of girl, many of themlike statues in their symmetry, andthe sight of several hundred brighthued fans waving in unison from thewhite clad ranks formed a scene ofunusual beauty."Of all the scenes which made mytwo months' sojourn in Abyssinia aperiod of daily interest and wonder,the one which impressed me mostwas the ceremony of homage whichwas paid by the governors and troopsof Abyssinia to their monarchs. Twenty thousand troops assembled near thepalace and sang songs in honor of thequeen and prince. Then followed anal fresco feast in the palace grounds.It was the vyeekly tribute of respectwhich Abyssinia kings exacted andfrom which no governor was willingto be missed."JANE IS IN FOR 67TH' TIMENew York Woman Served 3,935 Daysin Jail Since Her First Sentence in 1904.New York. "Good afternoon,Judge.""Again, .Tane?" ,"Yes, judge.""Thirty 'days, Jane.""Thanky, judge, thanky."Then Jane Savage grinned. Shewas being led away to jail in Newarkfor the sixty-seventh time. She wasarrested this time for disorderly conduct arid intoxication and was sentenced by. Judge Murray.Jane's record goes back to 1904,when she was first arrested for intoxication. She has served 3,935 daysalmost eleven years in jail.Mother Was Mixed.Baltimore, Md. Running, with tearsstreaming down her face, the motherof twins reached the police stationhere only to find she did not knowwhich one of the pair was lost. Edwinand Milton Goslorowski are twin sonsof Mrs. Philip Goslorowski. Edwingot lost.Mrs. Goslorowski hurried back hometo ask the other which he was. Hesaid he was Milton, so an alarm wasspread for Edwin. Two hours later hewas found.."H.......(....a....S..Ct..a,SFireman Is Killed WhenLocomotive Rears in AirYork, Pa. The fireman of aPennsylvania express train waskilled and the engineer severely injured when the locomotivereared up in the air while running at highspeed, tearing awaya vehicle bridge overhead, andthen plunged down a steep embankment at Brfthearts. Thetender and first mail car followed the locomotive in its wildplunge. Passenger in the ,followiqg6 coae1iegV'ref badlyshaken up.i1 . X . ,- . i - .. -,lfMMiggirCROESUS SEENIN NEW ROLESGodfather of the Modern Hoteland Patron Saint of Traveling Salesman.GOLD COINS OIL WORLD TRADERecent Discovery of First Gold CoinsEver Minted Recalls Number ofHeritages Civilization Owesto Buried Sardis.Washington, D. C. IntroducingCroesus godfather of the modernhotel and patron saint of the travelingsalesman !These are new roles assigned to theerstwhile richest man in the world ina bujtyi from the Washington, D.C, headquarters of the NationalGeographic society. , - : ,---"The discove'ry of thirty gold piecesfrom Croesus' mint, which were partof the first series of gold coins everstruck off, recalls one of a number ofheritages which civilization owes toburied Sardis," says the bulletin.Gold Oils World Trade."These new-found coins and a fewother pieces already in museums signalize the Lydian inception of thegold basis for world trade an instrumentality which lubricates international commerce to this day."The hotel, or the humble Inn whichwas its forerunner, was not possibleuntil some standardized and compactmedium of exchange was available.Therefore it is not surprising that historians generally agree that the firstinns, where board and lodging mightbe had for payment of regular fees,were established in Lydia."Before that time caravanserai wereknown. But they were evidences ofeastern hospitality, set up at pointswhere constant applications for entainment grew burdensome, and weremaintained as a sort of co-operativeguest room, or modern municipallodging house."Now it followed further that whena man might be assured convenientabode when he traveled, and he couldclose a business deaP with a pocketful of gold rather than a herd of cattle, that the trading radius of theancient world suddenly expanded. Menbegan to travel for pleasure as wellas for business, in fact the Greeks already had ventured forth 'for historie and for discovery.' Thus Itwoud seem that not only the traderepresentative but the tourist andthe' geographer owe Croesus considerable gratitude."The modern man can hardly apprehend, without an effort of his imagination, how great a boon it was tothe ancients of the Sixth century B. C.merely to visit another city. Importantevents were taking place. It was thetime of Buddha and Confucius, ofSolon and Cyrus, as well as Croesus,yet any high school boy of today canknow more about what was going onin the world then than any one livingat that time possibly could haveknown,"The casual traveler was unknown.The 'stranger' was always feared andhis life-was in jeopardy. Traders withcaravans, sailors with their cargoes,high officials with stately retinues, afew beggars and religious pilgrimsthese were the only travelers of thattime.. Digging for History."Despite these marked steps towardculture, Lydia has remained only aflash in the pan of history. Until explorers recently began digging in thedust of the land that now is a Greekmandate on the Aegean shores ofAsia Minor nearly all we knew ofLydia was the rambling, but colorfulstory of Herodotus. And some f whatwe did know, it now transpires, -waswrong. The tale of how Solon, whenasked by Croesus to name the happiest man in the world, did not replythat Croesus was the man, as themonarch expected, but mentioned instead some humble and dutiful citizens of Athens, may persist, for itsmoral but has been ruled out of history. "Lydia's wealth is thought to havebeen due to various minerals and principally to her trade. Her capital,Sardis, was set on a hill whose ruinseven now betoken' an imposing dignity. The site is sixty miles northeastof Smyrna which, in the height ofSardis' power, was a Lydian city."MAN FORCES WOMAN TO PRAYReligious Fanatic Drags CaliforniaWoman Into Church and Praysfor Her as She Screams.San Francisco. Mrs. Mary J. Reposa, fifty-six, Oakland," suffered atthe hands of John Dias, fifty-three,an alleged religious fanatic, accordingto the police. The woman is undertreatment at the Oakland hospital andDias xis being held for examinationas to his sanity.Mrs. Reposa, with her two-year-oldbaby in herarms, was walking whenDias is said to have rushed at her,knocking other pedestrians aside and,clutching the woman by the throat,dragged her into a church. Diasknocked her down and she sustained1a scalp wound.He forced Mrs. Reposa into a seatin, the church; "bias is reported tobr prayed for fear as is scmmifaeip. . 'White Promt: GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEhOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed(tf)MiiiiiMimiiiitmiiimi iiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay1 J7tiiiiiii'iiiHiinnmiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiniiiiiiiMn?BourhDn County Booster TripAUGUST 30th, 1922"SEE BOURBONParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporatedvie$tllU4lill'WWi'JIWe HandleElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllIKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes' and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W.MAIM STREETMIMIIIIIIIilllll?FINESTIN ATTRACTIVEBOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS, HOLLADAYMenWantedThis Company will hire experienced shopcraft mechanics and shop laborers and furnishthem work at rates prescribed by the UnitecJ'States Railroad Labor Board, beginning at once.Apply to W. E. Hunter, Master Mechanic,Covington, Ky., orE. H. Gorey, General Foreman, Paris, Ky.Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co.Bourbon News Ad vertiters Get RentoNight J99COUNTY FIRST".&All Kinds ofNovelties ISP1CEROPP- COURT HOUSEllllllllllllllllHIIIHtCANDIES-A&- TUESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1921"nTTn.t ? rrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARI& KENTUCKY,- - , , " "" . -4ASPIRINSay "Bayer" and Insist!lea) tUnless you see the name "Bayer"on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-twoyears and proved safo bymillions forColds HeadacheToothache LumbagoEarache RheumatismNeuralgia Pain, Pain.Accept only "Bayer" packagewhich contain proper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costlew cents. Druggists also sell bot' ties of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)oEDUCATORS LAY OUT NEW JOBFOR WILL HAYSThat American motion picturesmisrepresent this country abroad,diminish opportunity for trade, restrict the entente cordial, - whichshould exist" between the Unitedstates and many Eastern lands, andinterfere with the work of missionaries, is the indictment broughtagainst the movies by many andmost recently the woman's boardfor foreign missions of the Presbyterian church.It is explained that in such placesas Tokyo, Japan; Bombay and Calcutta, India; and Jerusalem. HolyLand, the popular pictures are thepoorer class of American "western"lms, showing drinking, cut-throatand rough-riding cowboys, danceTialls, vice and crime. Exhibition ofsuch films brings large audiencesand much profit, but convinces thehulk of the natives -who see thepictures that America is a land ofvice and lawlessness. In the Orient, "eternal triangle" pictures arethe most popular, with the resultthat the American woman, in theminds of many natives, is a bold andpainted female who sells herself fora smile or a piece of gold, smokes,drinks, curses, and carouses, whileevery other man is a woman hunterand a renegade.No greater piece of work, it ispointed out. confronts Mr. Hays, ashead of the vast motion picture industry, than making it impossiblefor profiteering and calculating exhibitors to wrong by libel their na-,tive land, by exporting to ignorantaudiences such films as will betaught to look on this country withrespect and admiration, the ideathat it is uncivilized, depraved andvicious.DRIVE MAY GIVE CENTRE$500,000Centre College at Danville mayobtain $500,000 if the Presbyterianeducational movement for $1,000.000 is closed successfully by January 1. it was said at a conferenceof about fifty workers in the campaign at the Presbyterian Theological Seminary, Louisville.The proposed fund will be madeup of $300,000 from the campaignsubscriptions and. $200,000 from' theGeneral Education Board of thechurch.Phases of the campaign werediscussed at the conference, by theRev. Dr. R. T. Gillispie, pastor of theFirst Presbyterian church and chairman of the commission, and otherspeakers.Dr. Gillispie pointed out that thechurch was furnishing fewer thanthree candidates each year to theministry to fill the pulpits of 300Northern and Southern Presbyterianchurches, without making any allowance for work in the Foreign andHome Mission fields.The other speakers were the Rev.S. W. McGill, director of the movement, Paul Harris, Jr., A. H. Seatsand S. P. Hollinrake.HOW TO DROWN(Omaha Bee)"Throw up both hands, shout,"help'-and drown." That is theformula for suicide by the watertou- according to an ironicallyworded poster issued by the National Safety Council.Having thus dramatized the danger, the bulletin proceeds to morepositive instruction, defining swimming as "reaching the shore first"with one hand and then with theother." That is a good thing to remember when the impulse comes tocollapse into helpless floundering offshore."Swimming is ninety-nine partsconfidence and one part experience,taken in water frequently," theadvice continues. Beyond warningagainst needless risks and bathingtoo soon after dining, there is notmuck more that needs be said.Tke use of hydraulic power InSi& for mills ana other iniuatritf-1!TO THE MEMBERS OF THE-SEWINGCIRCLEk There is probably not a member' ofthe circle who does not have occasion to use gingham. Ginghamfrocks and aprons constitute one ofthe necessities of the Americanhome. American women will readwith special interest the followingfrom-Senator Simmon (Dem., N. C.)which shows up simply one of themany points of attack which the Republican tariff makes upon theAmerican housewife. In a speechrecently, Senator Simmons ySaid :"f have taken the duty on ginghams. That is an average, I believe,of 48 per cent. The initial dutywould be 30 per cent. Under thissection the duty added would be 12per cent. That is 42 per cent. Thenadd the dye duty, and you have 5per cent more. That would raise itabove the maximum. It could notgo higher than 45 per cent; but thecompensatory duty on account of theEgyptian cotton is not embraced inthat limitation, and the compensatory duty according to the calculation that I have here, made by theexpert, would amount to 4 per cent,if there was Egyptian cotton used inthe cLoth, which, added to the 45per cent, would make 49 per cent,as agamst 20 per cent under thepresent law."As cotton cloth can be made morecheaply in America than in anyother country in the world, andthere can therefore be no reason forthe tariff except to enable Americanmanufacturers to tax the Americanhome, the special hardship and iniquity of this triff on ginghams becomes glaringly apparent . Theabove, however, covers only a single item. The tariff on cotton is intended to increase the price on allkinds and grades of this universallyused product. In anticipation ofthe passage of this measure priceshave already been advanced. vA COURT OP LABOR AND CAPITAL. "Fools rush in where angels fearto tread."There are a lot of "angelic" legislators in this country who "fear totread" anywhere there is a laborvote, because it might not be castin their direction.There are a few "fools" who don'tcare whether labor or capital, manor woman, union or corporationvotes for them, so long as they dowhat they believe to be wise, rightand just.There are some journals in thiscountry which do not care who readsthem, so what they publish is honest, from the heart, and not dictated because some one "fears totread."'Hence it is that the words "compulsory arbitration" are being heardmore and more, since the UnitedStates is having not a taste, but afull meal of strikes, private wars,interference with' business, and withliving, while several groups of laborand capital settle their differencesby conflict."Compulsory arbitration is a fighting word to organized labor. vIt isabhorent in principle to Americanideas of justice, be compelled to dootherwise than is provided in theConstitution. Compulsory arbitrationmight easily be a tool in the handsof either capital or labor whichwould work hardship.But a sore afflicted man or nationwill try almost any remedy for theaffliction. So the "fool" who rushesin where others keep silent is heard,more and more suggesting, not necessarily compulsory arbitration, buta Supreme Court for Industrial Disputes, to which all great causes ofdifference must by law be submittedand the findings of which must beobeyed. Individuals assail the Supreme Court of the United States.But no one defies it. What is says,goes. It is final. And its years ofusefulness have shown that it works.Is it, after all, the "rushing of afool" to wonder if, perhaps, a Supreme Court for labor and capitalmight not save this country more inwhat it would prevent in financial,economic, moral, and even physicalloss than it would lose in substituting due process of law for the muchcherished "rfght to strike" and"right to lock out?"oPicturesque Sight.One of the most picturesque sightsIn the world is the elephants at workIn the city of Rangoon, at the mouth ofthe Irrawaddy river, where the logs artive. At Rangoon the logs float in at anundisturbed inlet Here they are released from their inclosing boomchains. Then elephants take the logsout of the water and pile in the millyards such logs as are not requiredfor immediate sawing, and which mayneed to be stored for one or moreyears.Nova Scotian Honorary Titles.In 1621 James I conferred the titlesknights and baronets of Nova Scotiaon a number of Scotch adventurerswhose object was to colonize NorthAmerica.Fttt Hu Bn ObMPvH"Da ma dat shoits da load at aM9 matin'." said Unci mIomi ak ralca by da ttea aayboayaim hftn -tern MhMtHiu.. i. . ..enmrca. - - -. iPARROT BIS -ONJOACHERSBird's Squawking and ViolentLanguage Leads to Discoveryof Evidence of Crime.POLLY'S MORALS IN SAD STATEWaterfront Line of Cussing in theWoods Leads Policeman to Investigate Poachers Snare Thousands of Blackbirds.New York. Patrolman Daniel Burkeof the Bronx motorcycle squad, combing paths that traverse the ' Bronxpark hills for bird- limers, whose activities in the woods of that section werefirst reported more than a month ago,discovered evidence of their activitiesin a patch of timber. Burke found thelimbs of a dozen or more trees smearedwith the bird lime. The poachers aresaid to have snared thousands of blackbirds. Burke's discovery was made in acurious way. A red-headed Mexicanparrot, owned by Mrs. Margaret Finsted, who lives at 446 Riverside avenue, escaped 'from Its perch on theFinsted porch and disappeared in theforest. The parrot was sought untilafter dark by Theodore Finsted, sonof its owner, and nearly all the members of his school class, without avail,though young Finsted reported he hadheard the bird squawking.Shrieks of Anguish.Patrolman Burke on a motorcyclecruising through dense timber insearch for the band said to be snaringbirds, was attracted by shrieks of apparent anguish about 100 feet from thepath he was traversing. He shoutedseveral times in hope that an answering voice would give him the locationof the trouble, but received no responseand was about to resume his waywhen there proceeded from the woodsa volley of oaths, intermingled withscreams such .as might have been uttered by a woman in distress. Theoaths, Burke said, were delivered ina hoarse voice apparently that of aman enraged.Plunging into the undergrowth withdrawn revolver, Burke made his wayin the direction of the sounds, ballingat intervals, but again finding no response, until when in the densest partof the thicket he was startled by aseries of raucous screams coming fromdirectly overhead."Police ! Police ! There's hell to payhell to pay hell, hell!" howled thevoice from a heavily foliaged oak. "Iknow you, Mike Sweeney," pursued theinvisible one, repeating the latter remark several times.Parrot Glued Fast. 'Patrolman Burke ordered the supposed man in the tree to "come downo' that," but was met, he says, wifli uvolley of abuse. He recognized someof the oaths used as waterfront talk,he says. While this torrent of badlanguage was proceeding Burke caughtsight of its author. Mrs. Finsted'sparrot was flapping- its wings as itcursed, in a vain effort to break awayfrom a limed limb upon which its feetwere firmly glued.When the parrot was returned toMrs. Finsted with a suggestion thatan effort be made to improve its morals, she said the bird was formerlyowned by a waterfront saloonkeeperat Mariner's Harbor, S. I., and waspurchased by her son, then in theUnited States navy, when the prohibition law forced its former owner outof business.GET GEMS BY PHONE RUSELondon Thieves Get Most of. LadyYoxall's Jewelry by Calling MaidAway by Decoy Message.London. Lady Yoxall, the wife ofSir James Yoxall, has been robbed ofmost of her personal jewerly by aclever ruse.Lady Yoxall went to Richmond police court to give evidence in anothercase, leaving one of the two maids Inthe house with strict .instructions notto leave it.Soon after she had left the telephone rang and a man's voice askedif Sir James Yoxall had gone to townand if the other maid was in. Onlearning that the maid was alone thevoice said she was wanted at thecourt to give evidence. The maid saidthat her orders were not to leave, 'andthe voice replied: "Hold the line."There was a short pause and then thevoice said sharply: "You must leaveeverything and come at once." -Themaid thereupon went straight to thecourt, only to learn that the messagewas a decoy, and upon Lajdy Yoxallhurrying home she found the wholehouse had been ransacked."It must have been some one whoknew my movements," she said. "Sofar I have not ascertained how muchwas taken. Two men were seen loitering about the road, and one of themforced the front door while the otherevidently kept watch."Deer Join Farm Cattle.sMarion Center, Pa. The deer In thispart of the state have little or no fearof human beings and frequently largeherds approach quite closely to campers. Some days ago, while HoraceMenner, of near this place, was milking, a buck and a doe came up and'joined the herd of cattle. , While themilker moved among the cows thedeer remained and did not leave antillfajf gPBtPiMyt the.sceoe. .WAR ON WOOD WASTEGovernment in Movement to Reduce the Timber Loss.Through Co-operation With ForestProducte Laboratory Methods AreBeing Devised to Curtail Enormous Waste of Wood.Washington. -"Only 30 per cent ofthe wood In a forest now gets into theform of seasoned, unplaned lumber.Of this-an additional 10 to 25 per centis lost in the process of manufacture.In extreme cases as little as three percent of the wood in the forest mayreach the finished product"Thia statement is made in a bookletjust issued by the Department of Agriculture, entitled Forest ProductsLaboratory, describing the work andaims of the experimental laboratorymilntained by the forest service, inco-operation with the University ofWisconsin, at Madison, Wis.The booklet outlines how, throughinvestigation and experiment, thelaboratory is devisiner and hrnnrleAsf--ing practical commercial methods bywhich this enormous waste of thecountry's timber supply can be reduced. By reducing this waste, it ispointed out, the life of our present forests will be prolonged and the problem of growing new forests madesimpler, because by preventing thewaste of timber less timber will haveto be grown.Among the. various methods studiedat the laboratory for decreasing wasteof forest products is the treatment ofwoods with preservatives resisting decay. Through such treatment an annual saving of one and one-half billionboard feet is estimated to be possiblein the case of railroad ties alone, andthe preservation of other classes oftimber would, in the aggregate, greatlyrelieve the drain on our forests.The forest products laboratory is agovernment institution; its advice andsuggestions are to be had for the asking. It presents, according to thebooklet, an opportunity for many manufacturers, wood users, and timbergrowers to supplement the informationobtained by experience and hardknocks with technical data obtainedthrough scientific research.MICROBE MINCING MACHINEKAL 'JWDr. David Thompson, director of thePickett Thompson research laboratoryat St. "Paul's hospital, London, at theremarkable microbe mincing machinethat has attracted much attention inmedical circles. The machine is drivenby electricity and is composed of twodisks, one that is stationary and theother rotating. The microbes, suspended in ah alkaline liquid, areforced against the cutting edges at aspeed of 60 miles an hour, with theresult that 28,000,000 cuts are madema minute. -sSc-stTT"FINDS CURE FOR HOOKWORMU. S. Physician Discovers MedicalValue of Chemicals Used asClothes Cleaner.Washington. After extended experiments, Dr. Maurice C. Hall of theDepartment of Agriculture announceshe has discovered what he believes tobe a positive cure for hookworm in aehemical known as carbon tetrachloride. The statement says his chemical,which is commonly used as a clothescleaner, "will likely prove to be acheap, agreeable and effective treatment for a parasite that is destroyinghealth and reducing human efficiencyin millions of people in many partsof the world, including many thousands in our Southern states."n,Sun Hatched ChickensFrom Discarded EggsSeveral residents of Newville,Pa., were attracted to a dumping ground by the chirping ofyoung chicks. Upon investigation it was found that some one,evidently a poultry breeder, haddeposited a large number ofeggs, supposed to be infertile,on the dump. The warm raysof the sun, coupled with the exposure to the fresh air, completed the hatch: About 75cnicks were gathered.8 m Jtt&t. &!. jsswraH a&v 4 ' ,-aaaaaaaB ,Kl7i7Prc7ZraTiHI-fcthe iXNicsrirsAL catYou Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time PlanAakes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYParis, KentuckyXiIXSiIXNIXiSel: a a bb: :tXXxBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyIX.SX:LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGIK the judgment ofthots who know,.we are equipped byoar experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.RlilJIfti.lHbriilHifiaoTwo -Year -Old Rose Plants1On Sale From July 1 to July 15 'Second Crop Seed Irish Potatoes tJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTS.ANiattstk St, Nrr--. na W,m a:;:-:x.wxsaxHBnSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!HWith all the latest improve- ijments m laundry appliances 1and expert helpers we are JTprepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.IX:BhteMty- ias-&JL'iJiy' rV-. ' . n?TUU8DAY, AUGUST 8, lttf 'PAGE EIGHTtWOC. - - vm nnTTnnnw MMn P AttHL KKNTHCXT 7 : : ,r : ""M " - - ' ' e- - - - - , ffTSMinrauRG'Mimting News Items Trom Bonrf torn County's College Town,. Mrs. Rhoda Conway is the guestfcof friends in Paris.rliary Louise, are guests of relatives or a w aJJin Falmouth.Mrs. A. T. Moffett'left Fridayfor several days stay at Crab Orchard Springs.Prof. J. W. Lancaster, Mrs.Xancaster and children, are guests'rof relatives in Georgetown.Mr. Pugh Bowles left Monday-for San Francisco, Calif., to re-enlistin the U. S. Navy for four years.There will he no prayermeeting-at the Christian church "Wednesday.night, in the absence of the pastor.Mrs. W. McVey, of Ewing, hasbeen the guest of Mr. and Mrs. C.H. Jones, and attended the BaptistAssociation.Mr. W. D. Mclntyre left Fri. day for Lake Chautauqua, to join hiseral weeks.family, who have been there for sev-Rev. G. W. Nutter, pastor of theChristian church, began a protract-ed service Monday night at theJackstown church.Mrs. M.S. Boston, Miss Elizabeth Boston, John Boston, MissBernice Bonar, Miss Louise Stone, ofMillersburg, Messrs. William Alliband, Chester Strother, Fred Hill, ofParis, are camping at the Blue Licks2:00 to 5:30 7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c. CHILDREN 10c. War Tax Inc.2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax IncGALLERY7:00 to 1 0:30-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.BY THE TIME thispaper reaches youwe trust that thecontractors will startwork on our newfront.Men's GenuinePALM BEACHSUITSin all shades$11.50One LotPALM BEACHandKOOL KLOTHSUITS$8.50'a1Special Prices on Mohairs and Gabardines1 Lot Straw Hats$125Price & Co.ClothiersmwwpCol. C. M. Best. Mrs. Best and.nephew, Harry Roache, left Mondayfor Langhorn, Pa., where they willreside on their farm home "Sunnyside," a farm of 117 acres, recentlypurchased. Col. and Mrs. Best werethe founders of the Millersburg Institute, which they conducted fortwenty-five years.Mr. and Mrs. James B. Cray anddaughter, Mrs. Louise Leer, whohave been residents of Millersburgfor many years, have gone to Etowah, Tenn., where they will residein the future. For several yearsMr. Cray held the position of postmaster of Millersburg. Mrs. Craysucceeded R. M. Caldwell as correspandent and representative of THENEWS and in this position, rendered most excellent service. Mr. andMrs. Cray were associated in a business and social way for many yearswith the people of this community,and while we regret their leavingwe extend them best wishes for abright and prosperous future innew home.The Bracken Baptist Association was held here Wednesday and Thursday, August 2 and 3,closing Thursday afternoon. Thefirst session was held Wednesdaymorning in the Baptist church, butby noon the building would not accommodate the crowd. The officialboard of the Methodist church tendered the use of their building,which was accepted, and usedthrough the meeting. A. F. Gaither, of Maysville, acting moderator.There were eighty messengers, representing the twelve counties included in the Association. Therewere visitors from adjoining townsattending the sessions each day.Dinner was served in the dining hallof the Millersburg Military Institute. On Wednesday there were 350served, and on Thursday 250 wereserved. Friends of the denominationopened their homes to the messengers and assisted the local committee in entertaining the visitors. TheAssociation will meet in Maysvillein 1923.The annual meeting of the General Board of the Directors of theHurst Home Insurance Companywas held here Wednesday. The report of the auditing committeeshowed that the net assets of theCompany had made a gain of $24,4G3.56 during the past year; thatthere was insurance in the sum of$99,319.82, and that the Companyheld net assets over all liabilities inthe sum of $123,061.70. This wasthe thirty-first annual meeting ofthe Board' of Directors held in Millersburg. The Company was shownto be in the strongest position sinceits organization, and to be thestrongest farmer's mutual fire insurance company in the South. Thedelegates were entertained at luncheonlby Mrs. O. E. Hurst, assisted byfriends, in the dining hall of theMillersburg College. Those attending the meeting were: BourbonHcounty J. H. Ewalt, C. H. Dalzell,Ollie C. Hurst; Bath county D. B.Myers, W. C. Hall, Arthur Bristow;Clark county Dr. C. T. Stephenson,Jasper McDonald, George F. Roland,J. Hood Smith; Fayette county C.B. Nichols, A. C. Downing, Dr. Logan Jkragg; Harrison county J. P.Shropshire, D. E. McCauley, N. , S.Terry; Madison county T. J. Curtis,J. A. Turpin,R. C. Potts, John.F.fiord, Thomas A. Shelton; MontTUESDAYFamous Players-Lasky CorporationTUESDAYPRESENTS"GET-RICH-QUICK WALLINGFORD"A Cosmopolitan Production, pos-i-tive-ly guaranteed as the Gosh-all-derndest, crookedest yarn that ever tickled the ribs of the world! Ayarn for a hundred million folks who itch, at. times, to speculate. Property lies in Boobville, Pennsylvania. Every ticket good for a thousand per cent laughs! From some of the noted Wallingford stories and the great stage hit by George M. Cohan. Cast includes Sim Hardy, Doris Kenyon, Diana Allen and Norman Kerry.ALSO HUTT AND JEEF IN "SHADOWED." AND "MATINEE IDOL" STANDAB3) COMEDY,Wednesday Free Day TWO ON ONE ADMISSION Wednesday Free DayIdSraue MAY McAVOYi" 'Through a Glass Window"If love walked past your window would you recognize him in a flash, This pretty little quick-lunch girl did and the result is one ofthe most appetizing love dramas you ever saw. A romance with the same heart throbs as "Humoresque." Come and thrill through smilesand tears to happines.ALSO PATHE NEWS AND "AN OVERALL HEBO," EDUCATIONAL COMEDY.THURSDAY See the World's Greatest Emotional Actress THURSDAYPOLA NEGRI "INTRIGUE"A story of a life consecrated to hate. Played by Pola Negri, the star of "Passion" and Gypsy Blood," in a new masterpiece.ALSO SNUB POLLARD IN "PUNCH THE CLOCK," AND PATHE SERIAL, "GO-GET-'EM HUTCH."gomery county James B. Clark,Charles Highland, W. W. Clark, F.D. Richardson. J. T. Coons; Jessamine county Geo. L. Collins, J. B.Collins,W. W. Quinn, Wm. Marrs,F. C. Clark; Nicholas county 0. R.Griffin, R. L. Gillispie, Arthur Millikin, A. S. Templeman, Hollis Dalzell; Scott county J. Bailey, J. -B.Prather, J. H. Warrins; Woodfordcounty J. W. Stout, C. Shropshire,S. L. Penn, J. F. Edwards, C. V.Graves; Shelby county Dr. F. L.Lapsley, Scott Belle, C. F. Hoffman,Minor Maddox, C. Hi Anderson, A.C. Browning. R. L. Gillispie and C.H. Dalzell were elected members ofthe Executive Committee. .MATRIMONIALDEATHS?Life Is But A Brief Span, Al That All Must PayDebtA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByBURTON WINNMiss Margaret Burton and Mr.H. S. Winn, both of Brooksville, Indiana, came to Paris, Friday, andwere married at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.Following the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Winn left for Winchester andMt. Sterling, where they will visitrelatives before returning to theirhome in Brooksville.mm l -IAsif.-It holdsyourLOVED ONESSAFEafterwards.TRUST DEPARTMENTThat money and property you have 'will keep yourloved ones after you are gone, if it is handled and .conserved for them as you are now doing. This can be doneif you appoint our Trust Department as your EXECUTORS. Then men of known ability in finance, and investments will look after it for you and account for everypenny. Come in now and talk it over. We want to explai what we mean by "A living Trust." We will welcome you.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.HOLLAR FOWLERMiss Georgia Hollar and Mr.Earl Fowler, both ol Cynthiana,motored to Paris, Friday afternoon,and were married at the home ofthe officiating minister, Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. After the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Fowler returned to Cynthiana. They will go to housekeeping on the farm of the groom, nearCynthiana.DAVIS 'The funeral of Mr. W. L. Davis,former postmaster and prominentbusiness man of Paris, who died atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, following a long illnesSj was held atthe residence of his sister-in-law,Mrs. John T. Hinton, on High street,Friday afternoon at four o'clock.Services were conducted by Rev. T.S. Smylie, of the Presbyterianchurch, and Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Christian church. The burialfollowed on the family lot in theParis Cemetery. The - pall-bearerswere, Dr. W. T. Brooks, E. B January. John W. Davis, Sr., Roger Q.Thompson, John D. Frost, Dr. W. C.Ussery, William O. Hinton, Ed. T.Hinton, Albert Hinton and J. T.Martin.SQUARE, SINCERE SERVICELEE TIRESCORDPUNCTURE PROOFFABRICALL SIZESShort-sighted people are saidbe the most intelligent.toTHE KENNEY MOTOR GOSQUARE, SINCERE SERVICEJENKINS WHIPPCharles M. Whipp, thirty six,'iron molder, and Mrs. Rebecca Jenkins, fifty-one, widow, both of Hamilton, Ohio, came to Paris yesterday,and were married at the home of theofficiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.Both said they had heard so muchof the wonderful Blue Grass regionthat they decided to come here "andget married and spend their honeymoon in touring the State-44PAYNE COBB- Miss Thelma Payne, of Paris,and Mr. Warren Cobb, of Winchester, motored to Lexington last week,where they were married at the residence of the officiating minister,Rev. E. C Ecton, pastor of theBaptist church. There were noparental objections to the marriage,the young people preferring a simple wedding. Mr. and Mrs. JohnRaker, of Winchester, cousins ofthe bride, were the only attendants.The bride, the oldest daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J W., Payne, of Scottavenue, this city, is an unusually Iattractive young woman. She wasbecomingly gowned in a blue suit,with hat and gloves to match.Mr. Cobh is a prosperous youngfarmer of Clark county, owning afine farm about ten miles fromWinchester. He is a son of Mr. andMrs. J. W. Cobb. Immediately following the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs.Cobb left for a bridal trip to Mammoth Cave and Louisville. Theywill also visit relatives of the bridegroom, and after September 1, willbe "at home" to their friends, onthe bridegroom's farm, near Winchester.Workers in tanneries are generally very free from lung troublesJ.ioa uJames I found money for "thenizing of Virginia by meansfcS" JL "-ntXT -L " -LiDsra-REDUCTIONSEntire stock of this season's newest styles Oxfords and Slippers nowincluded in this, money-savingClean-Sweep SaleCome and see the great, wonderful shoe values and save one-thirdto one-half of your shoe money.The Store That Saves You Money on Footwear!Great values $4.00 grades Patentand Tan Oxfords and Straps.Newest Satin Strap Slippers. Re- f qpduced to JZ.UJLadies $3.50 and $4.00 grades TanOxfords and Strap Slippers in 4 jrKid. Reduced to J m 33Another shipment of newest styleswhite canvas. Lace Oxfords andStraps, low and medium heels. 4 - IPOn sale at J .43A new lot of Ladies' soft kid comfort Strap Slippers, Turn Sole. 4 MrSale price J Bf 3Half Price Sale values to $4.00.Ladies' Oxfords and Straps. Tan &4 rand black. Sale price )l.u3Men's $4.00 Tan Shoes and Oxfords. Rubber heels. Reduced A QPto $3.45 and )Zu3Men's $2.50 Tan Elk Outing shoes. -jqReduced to )auMen's Ventilated Oxfords in Tan4 Lotus Leather for these warm f 4 fi"days. On sale at )au3Ladies' $2.00 Tan Barefoot San- f 4 jf"dais. Reduced to af 3Men's $5.00 Shoes and Oxfords f A jpall new styles. Reduced to 30i43Misses' and Children's Slippers, 44 p"$3.00 grade, now JKuDBoy's $3.00 Tan 'Shoes, all sizes, 1 f4 a ato 6. Now Jl.UUOne lot $2.00 Misses White Can'- 4 fAvas Shoes. Reduced to mjJInfants' $1.00 Slippers rfnow 3UCOne lot Ladies' Sport Oxfords, j) f$5.00 values. Reduced to . . . . t. JZll3One lot Men's Sport Oxfords, $7.00 M JAvalue. Reduced to , 4Ff .TUPOSNER BROSDAN COHEN. STAND9-S1; II s 3336 MAIN STREET&J-V lottery-4-fts Mt M"AftkJtei?- - z -!trwSfy v Oft- Jt ?$,&x.M"fc ---w-3T-- - -" -te:-?".-f.-. . t .. -'&' ? -iMt rJftft Jt t.. vWrwk:? 5tf5Bw::-jr ... """ L.T JT ."aTJ'r.T7 ."- f -VfA94 r M-".7 1KV .? .tfa