- K- - , -aA- -- v A. - . v ' '- "t r-- I. zM . V -y?i' .""Ts'fcvPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY US' THE . YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 16. 1922v - - r " . . f rf'ka. ,Bk -m . b wm m m m x tT nr xv . wTHEBOURBON NEWS fSPARIS SUIDCEE SCHOOL WILLOPEN JUNE 19The second annual Bourboncounty summer school tor, teachers willopen, at Paris, Monday, June 19.Teachers from several neighboringcounties will attend.Officers and instructors for thisschool will be: Geo. Colvin, StateSuperintendent of Schools; J. M.McVey, A. B., Superintendent Bourbon County Schools; J. W. Lancaster, M. S., Superintendent BourbonCounty High Schools; J. M. Jones,A. M., professor of political economy; University of Kentucky; Clarence C. Freeman, A. M., professor ofEnglish, Transylvania; Nannie C.Clarke, Bourbon County HighSchool, and Edith Stivers, M. S.,Paris High School.In addition to the State requirements of instruction in professionaleducation, primary methods and supervision, and the usual high schoolstudies, the school will offer the following college and university: Twocourses in English by Prof. Freeman; two in history by Prof. Jones.The following courses will be offered of high school "grade: Algefcra, oth elementary and advanced ;higher arithmetic; theory and practice of teaching; agricultural;school organization; primary methods and supervision; physiology andhealth and play activities.SERVICE OFFERED"LINEUUR GRADUATION GUTIS COMPLETE.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.DON'T FORGET THESALE"RUMMAGEOne of the biggest sales ever heldi come effective June 1stin Paris, will be the "rummage sale"to be conducted on May 19 and 20by the Bourbon County Woman'sClub. Articles of every descriptionare solicited for this sale, clothingfor men, women and children; hats;shoes; articles of furniture, antique' or modern; china; Jjooks;pictures; curtains; draperies; rugs;carpets; anything and everything.All donations for the sale shouldbe sent to the store room on Mainstreet recently vacated by "W. T. Tal"bott. If you cannot deliver the articles you desire to contribute notifyMrs. Owen L. Davis or Mrs. Wm. G,Talbott, who will see that they arecalled for.The object of this sale is to raisethe $1,000 pledged by the club women for the soldiers memorial, theBourbon County Community House.BOURBON FARMERS PROTESTSTOCK TARIFF BILLA telegram, authorized by theBourbon County Farm Bureau, andsigned by officialsof that organization, has been sent to Senators A. 0.Stanley and Richard P. Ernst, andto Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill,and C. C. McChord, Chairman of theInterstate Commerce Commission, atWashington, as follows:"We urge that Live Stock TariffBill No. 1, Interstate CommerceCommission No. 348, effective June1, be suspended until farmers arfdproducers are granted m & hearing.The operation of this bill will do irreparable injury to the live stockproduction of this State."The bill provides 'for a new schedule of freight-rates on all live stockfor all territory south of the OhioRiver and east of the MississippiRiver, effective June 1. The newrates are approximately 87 per centhigher than the present rates, andthis 87 per cent will naturally haveto be paid by the" live stock producer, the bureau holds. Everystock producer, every banker andevery merchant in Bourbon countywill be sufficiently affected by thisnew tariff to warrant him sending asimilar telegram to Senators Stanleyand Ernst, Representative Cantrilland Mr. McChord, the bureauasserts. 'In reply to the telegram of protest, Secretary Harold F. Harris, ofthe Farm Bureau, received the following letters from Senator Stanley,Congressman Cantrill and ChairmanMcCord:13 May, 1922.Mr. H. F. Harris,Paris, Kentucky.My Dear Sir:I am just in receipt of your telegram relative to the suspension ofthe proposed live stock tariff to be-tt"Ole Know RwTHE NEWSTRAWhat:In Balabuntals, Sailors,Bangkoks and LeghornsARE HERE!Our assortment of attractive and becoming Straw'Hats is a very completeone.Prepare yourself for thelong hot summer days bygetting under one of ournew Straw Hats.WE FIT YOUR FACEAS WELL AS YOURHEAD!Mitchell &BlakemoreIn reply I beg to say that duringthe past few days I have had up thismatter on several occasions with theInterstate Commerce Commission andhave made an earnest request thatthe proposed tariff be not put intoeffect until a full and completehearing has been had by the farmers and producers.I sincerely hope, that the InterstateCommerce Commission will complywith your request. Freight rates onlive siock now are certainly highfmrmeh and anv increase in rateswould be a great detriment to theproduction of live stock and wouldLwork a great hardship on tne producers.Assuring you that I am alwaysglad to have your views on any matter in which you, are interested here,and with kindest personal regards, IamSincerely Yours,J. C. CANTRILL.CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR SESSIONCOMES TO CLOSEBASE BALLThe State Convention 6i the Christian Endeavor, which has been insession at Lexington for four days,closed Sunday night with an appropriate program at the BroadwayjChristian church.At the Saturday night sessionDr. W. H. Hopper, pastor of theWoodland Avenue Presbyterianchurch, of Louisville, was re-electedpresident, and Hopkinsville waschosen as the 1923 convention city.Other new officers elected are:Robert Rose, Paris, vice president;Mrs. Fred Kimmel. Jr., Louisville,secretary; George E.isville, treasurer; Miss MaryWilson, Maysville, junior superintendent; Mrs. L. B. Carpenter, Bowling Green, intermediate superintendent; Miss Mary I. Spillman, Pikeville, life work superintendent; MissGeorgia Dunn, Lancaster, prisonwork superintendent; Miss MinniePherigo, Lexington, monthly serviceprogram superintendent; J. G. Wilks,Louisville, transportation superintindent; D. Y. L. Farley, Paris, CampThings moved along on the BlueGrass League lots Sunday afternoon.The attendance at all the gamesshowed an increased interest. Lexington defeated Cynthiana by ascore of 4 to 3; Maysville took thescalp of Paris by a score of 11 to 0;Winchester defeated Mt. Sterling 4to 1. -Paris at present occupies thirdposition."Club WonMaysville 7Lexington 6Paris 3Bauman, Lou- Winchester 2E I CynthianaMt. Sterling..20Lost0135.56Pet..1000.857.500286.286.000Pliih' TVToo Pqcoi'q TJCn-nrafmn Tavlfire.. ' . . , .,',,-, loon, going up in the air.ville, quiet hour superintendent; C. ! , . K . ,.,Morton Hanna, Shelbyville, alumnisuperintendent; and J. E. Curtis,Ashland, Tenth Legion superintendent. Pledges made toward the Statebudget of $4,000 amounted to $2,150.25, while the registration feeswere $615, making a total of $2,765.25. The remainder of the budget will be raised in societies whichwere not represented at the convenSPECIAL MASTER TO HEARBOURBON OIL CASES. May 10, 1922.Mr. H. F. Harris,Paris, Kentucky.My Dear Sir:Your timely and vigorous protestagainst the proposed increase offreight rates upon live stock, andother commodities was immediatelybrought to" the attention of the Interstate Commerce Commission.Am gratified to know that myearnest and emphatic appeal for animmediate suspension of live stocktariff B. 1, has met with the instantand cordial response of the Chair-! man of the Commission. I am closing copy of his letter of 'even date.I shall leave no stone unturnedin exerting every effort to preventthe imposition of this additional andunwarranted burden upon the shippers of Kentucky.Very Truly Yours,A. O. STANLEY.Charles N. Wiard, Special Masterin Chancery for the Bourbon Oil &Development Company, and the Cooperating Land & Development Company, the principal stockholders inwhich are Paris and Bourbon countypeople, has notified attorneys andothers interested, that he has setthe cases before him for argumentat Paris on Wednesday, May 17, atKen o'clock.The only claim to be heard on thisoccasion is that of the Mutual Oil& 'Development Company against thetwo companies, which is for a sumin excess of $100,000, which, if allowed, will mean a heavy assessment against the stockholders. Receiver Clifford Bosworth, of Lexnfton, in whose name the affairs of theBourbon and Co-operating concernswere placed, has been making astrong resistance of all claims he'considers unjust. Special MasterWiard recently sustained exceptionsfor a number of claims against thetwo companies, amounting to over$60,000.At a recent meeting of the stockholders, held in Paris, Emmett M.Dickson and Denis Dundon, of Paris,John P. McCartney, Qf Flemingsburg, Samuel C. Holmes, of Carlisle,and Nelson Rhodes, of Danville, wereselected to represent the interests ofthe stockholders, and to assist Receiver Bosworth in defeating unjustclaims.AMERICAN LEGION NOTESFERTILIZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CAR-'LOAD SWEET'S HIGH GRADE REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. TRICE LOWEST INSEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYSUSF itBRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)TOCOMMERCIAL CLUB DINNERlMay 10, 1922.Hon. A. Owsley Stanley,United Ctates Senate,Washington, D. C.My Dear Senator:Referring to your call this morning and insistence upon the suspension of live stock tariff B. 1, I havethe matter up very vigorously withthe division having charge of suspension matters and hope by to-morrowor the next day to have definiteaction.As I advised you over the telephone this afternoon, you may restassured that nothing will' be left undone to have a speedy and properdetermination of this matter. I amfamiliar with he situation and immediately upon definite action beingtaken here. I will advise you. Foryour information, I might mentionthat I am in receipt of numeroustelegrams from various shippers inKentucky on the same subject.Very Truly Yours,C. M. McCHORD,Chairman.BEST HOME INSURANCEINSURE YOUR HOMEFIRE AND TORNADO.COMPANY. PROMPTME1T.(apr254t-T) - A. J. !EEr Aet.AGAINSTSTRONGSETTLE-The Commercial Club's May dinner, given Friday night at the Y.M. C. A., was one of the distinctevents of the season, and was attended by about seventy guests, men andwomen, who enjoyed themselves tothe limit. The dinner was servedby the ladies of the Paris Christianchurch.Mr. M. Peale Collier, " president ofthe Commercial Club, who wasscheduled for toastmaster, was detained by official business, andcould not be present. His placewas filled by Attorney Virgil Chapman, who did the honors very gracefully. Mr. Chapman introduced thespeaker of the occasion, Mr- JosephSeverance, of Louisville, who delighted the audience with a number ot jstories told in dialect. Mr. Severance concluded his remarks with anoutline of some of the activities inwhich a Commercial Club could engage, laying particular stress uponthe necessity of building up youngmanhood by providing clean, moralenvironment in the city. During hisstay in Paris, Mr. Severance was theguest of Rev. W. E. Ellis at hishome.On account of air disturbances,due to static electricity in the air,the radio concert from the Schenectady, New York radio plant, was indistinct, but was handled in a verycapable manner by the .Blue GrassElectric Co., of Paris.The Paris and Maysville teams,third position and leader respectively in the Blue Grass Leaguestruggle for the championship of1922, met Sunday afternoon atLeague Park, in what proved to bea Waterloo for the locals. Both teamsstarted out well, both sides retiringtheir innings without a run untilthe sixth, when Paiis chased a bal-Maysvillegot in four runs in the fatal sixthinning, two in the seventh, three inthe eighth, and two in the ninth,making a total of 11, Paris beingshut out. This made Maysville'siseventh straight victory in the Blue-grass League race.McCord, on the mound for Paris,pitched a good game until the sixthinning, when he ''proved ineffective,also being handicapped by poor support from his , teammates. Einemann pitched a fine game for theleaders, allowing but two hits andstriking out" seven men. McCord allowed two hits. The batteries were:For Maysville, TSinemann and Connolly; for Paris, McCord and Maxey.Time of game, two hours and sevenminutes. Umpire, Goetz.During the game some excitementwas occasioned among the spectators by a threatened give way o'f theold part of the grand stand, butluckily nb one was hurt in the rushto safety. The stand was braced uptemporarily and the reassured spectators resumed their seats to witness the conclusion of the 'one-sidedgame. The damage has been thoroughly repaired and there will be norepetition of the affair.That the Bluegrass League willsoon be playing fourgames a week instead of two as at present, was thesentiment of a meeting held in ParisThursday night, at which PresidentThomas M. Russell, of Maysville,presided, with representatives of allthe clubs present. The meeting wascalled to order by President kussell for the purpose of discussingthe plan of doubling the number ofirames in the schedule, and althoughno definite action was taken, it wasdecided to hold another meeting inParis next Thursday night, May 17,when the matter will be put to avote.A majority of the clubs were infavor of the four-days-a-week schedule, but some objections were raised, and it was said that the planwould not be carried out unless thevote was unanimous in favor of it.If the four day schedule is adopted games will probably be played onTuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays andSundays. Each team would playninety or one hundred games instead of fifty. Arguments advancedin favor of the increased schedulewere that the players would be keptin better trainirtr. and would playbetter ball, and that the interest inthe game would be greater, perhapsmore profitable Enthusiasmover the game in the Blue GrassLeague territory is running high,and the League moguls believe tnatthis is the opportune moment to inaugurate the new schedule.Those present at the meetingThursday night were Thomas M.Russell, E. L. Willett and Ulauae jWatkins, of Maysville; J. S. Baskett,of Winchester; Charles Ellis, of Mt. .Sterling; J. S. Morton, of Lexing-Jton: Wood Taylor and J. S.-Linehan, .of Cynthiana, and George D. Speakes,-r v cinnAmnn and T. T. Marshall,of Paris.A proposal that the AmericanLegion be given the. sacred trust ofcaring for graves of Confederateveterans in the South has been madeto General Julian S. Carr, Durham,N. C, commander of the Unitedheadquarters of the Legion, sponsoring the move, has also made thesame request of the Grand Army ofthe Republic."We see your ranks growing,very thin, and while there are a fewof you yetwith the living, the Legion has an ambition to prove itsfidelity to you all by accepting as asacred trust the privilege of caringfor and decorating all of the gravesof America's heroic dead, who foughton both sides of that struggle" resluting in the re-birth of our nation," the Legion's request reads.The Legion asks that it be allowed to assume its trust on thecoming Memorial Day, and adds:"An exchange of our flag overt thegraves of your and our dead and asimilar decoration for each and allthroughout America will be bindingand indisputable evidence of theunity of the country forever."oBOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club's regularshoot will be held at their new clubgrounds in East Paris, Wednesdayafternoon, May 1. Two trophies arehung up for the boys at this shoot.First trophy is a Kentucky RedRiver cane fishing pole with agatesilked laced eyes, walnut butt end, donated by one of our good club members, James R. Pendleton. The second trophy is a box of fifty Sonadacigars, donated by O. B. Smith,whom you all know. Visitors arealways welcome. Remember theState shoot will be held in Bourboncounty, July 18, 19, 20.RUDOLPH DAVIS,' Sect.D. OF C. MEETINGRichard Hawes Chapter, Daughtersof the Confederacy, will meet in theConfederate room in the court house,at 2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon,May 20. The following programwill be presented: "Robert E. LeeAs College President," Mrs. RobertJ. Neely; "Raphael Semmes," Mrs.Charles Goldstein; Round Table.TOBACCO GROWERS TOMONEY SATURDAYGITA big celebration, with spchand burgoo and a good time gemerally, will mark the payment nextSaturday to members of the BurleyTobacco Growers' Co-operative Association of a second distribution omoney to those who delivered,, tkeijcrops to the association the pastseason. Among those who will address the growers will be JudffRobert W. Bingham, Congressman J.Campbell Cantrill, Director ot Wmrhouses Ralph M. Barker, PresidentJames C. Stone, Chief of the FieldService Division Joseph Passonneau,Assistant General Counsel VirgilChapman, Clifton Rhodes, managerof the West Virginia campaign; Director W. H. Shanks, Directory. D.Craddock, and probably half avdozen others, whom Assistant Chiefof the Field Service Division Wm.Collins has requested to .speak, butwho have not given a definite, answeras to their ability to accept speakingengagements for Saturday.Definite assignment of speakers hadhad been made Saturday in only a.few counties. Mr. Passonneau is-now organizing. Mr. Rhodes willbe the speaker at Danville, Mr.Barker at Richmond, Mr. Shanks atShelbyville, and Mr. Craddock tMunfordville. Judge Bingham willspeak at Elizabethtown the 22, being in the dark district on the 20th.PARIS MAN ARRESTED; MOONSHINE IN POSSESSIONChester Tussey, of Madison county, and George Brown, of Paris, werearrested Saturday by ProhibitionAgent B. F. Unthank while theywere on a train coming to Lexington. Both were intoxicated, theofficer said. They were lodged in theFayette county jail on charges ofpossessing whisky and had not givenbond early Saturday night. Tussey had two gallons of moonshinewhisky in his possession and Brownhad one pint in a bottle, accordingto prohibition authorities.oBREAKS HIP BONEFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANMrs. Lunceford Talbott is confinedto her bed as a result of a brokenhip, sustained in a fall at her homeon Seventh street. While descending a flight of steps Mrs. Talbottslipped and fell, sustaining the injury. Sne was reported yesterday asresting comfortably.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSySee Our WonderfulShowing OfsGRADUATIONFROCKSTHE CHURCH LEAGUEThe Baptist team was on its mettle Friday afternoon, at HancockField, and as a result the Presbyterian team went down in defeat bythe score of 11 to 7. The batterieswere: For the Baptists, Ballard andBallard; for Presbyterians: Willsand Kiser. The attendance waslarger than at previous games, indicating augmented mteresr m lugcontests between the rival teambcomprising the organization. Thefollowing is the League standing:pi,,!. Won Lost PetMethodist.. 2 0 .1000Christian 1 1 -50Baptist 1 1 -500Presbyterian 0 2 .000To-day's game in the ChurchLeague, between the Presbyterianand Christian teams, will be calledat 1:30 o'clock. This early houris made necessary from the fact thatHancock Feld will be the scene ofanother game between boy's teamsat 3:30. ' ' "v .1-VVThese Dainty Girlish Models are Beings - Shown inGeorgette CrepeCanton CrepeCrepe de Chener andCrisp Swiss OrgandiesBoth White and ColorsFRANK&CO.vLADIES' OUTFITTERS- i3. -K,J1 .'a-v- x ' - r-' rf ' ' rPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK KENTUCKYTUBSPAT, KJLT U, 1M.1ITtMMv!".toruILM4K -&S.IT -RfHlDBAftl lI71I7Cipublic aPPearance ws-to take upUVUllUUil liJufl j,ne carpet-sweeper. But then prob-18ft 41 Years of Continuous PublicationPmkiihed Every Tuesday and PridayJN Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash, in Advance.-'1WUT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.t(SUrd at the Paris, Kentucky,PMtoflie as Mail Matter of theSMond Class.)0U FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Mew York American Press Asso-Chicago lord & Thomas.Philadelphia-N. W. Ayers & Son.-Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson Co- Louisville Lowman-Mnllican Co.amy "Our Nancy" wouldn't knowhow to use one, as would one of ourI good old-fashioned Paris girls.A man named Du Bose met a girlWho lisped through her teeth ofpearl."I'll hug you or kiss you,"He swore with an oath..She lisped with surprise:"Oh, Mr. Du Both!"Every now and then we all haveour own little troubles with thecomposing room to which, in othermoments, we defer with a very realdeference. We are therefore something more than curious to learnwhat happened in the privacy ofthat Louisville paper which a fewdays ago announced that "JohnPhilip Souse" was host at a Shoreham luncheon.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per' Inch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Raiing Notices,, 10 cents per linevach issue; reading notices in blacktypb 2 cents per line, each issue.Carls of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andimUar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political offices.must invariably be accompanied bythe cash.LINER IS UNSINKABLEMight Float If Cut in Two, Beliefof Experts.Lone Star State on Maiden Voyage toAid American Sea CommerceCaptain Engaged-Orchestrato Piay Jazz.Any Erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will befcUcdiy corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.We often see things that are alittle queer, but last week we wereswept off our feet when a gentleman from the rural parts of Bourboncounty stepped into our office, wearing whiskers as long as FatherAbraham's, with a cigarette protruding from the brush. He pickedup a daily paper, and turned to therace-horse dope page, and after persuing it a while marked out fivewinners for the next day. We notedhis selections, and the next day'sresults showed that the old manknew what he was doing. All five ofhis selections were winners. What adarned old patriarch!oCORNSfoLift Off with FingersPARIS TESTIMONYEDITORIAL FLINGSj?A wonderful singer was Mamie Mc-Gee,She never was known to get offthe key.-aShe never was known to get offaw, gwan!" How could she get off when shenever got on?"A headline in the dailies recentlyread: "Storm Sweeps Atlantic City."There now. isn't that rather misleading? We are of the opinionthere wasn't much to blow about ar bathing beach.Of course a cat may look at a-..queen and a Greek may acquire amovie star, but there is a certainamount of disillusionment for fans inthe' petition for divorce -which recites the disallusionment of Conductance Talmadge.Home Proof, Here, There andEverywhereFor the sake of the record we- deem is proper to point out that,when Conan Dyle was picturing thec " Heaven with which he had grown sofamiliar and lending it graces anddelights, he had never been in Kent ' "tucky, and especially in this part of- the Bluegrass.To the President's assertion thatlie does not boast or appologize for- .his appointments might be addedthe -statement that no -politician whouses the appointive power as a means-of rewarding politicians rather thany, as a means of improving public ser-4 v vice finds it possible always to de--;fend his appointment.'t-Kentucky voters next Novemberjr&re to pass upon a constitutionalr amendment eliminating the word'male" from the provision concern-h ing voting, and inserting "or she"'after the word "he." Passage of the- amendment will not, however, amend- the common usage of the Englishr language applying "he" to both,. sexes in such cases, except to avoid. ambiguity.When you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. Ifs the same everywherein 3,800 towns in the U. S. Fiftythousand people publicly thankDoan's. What other kidney remedycan give this proof of merit, honesty 'and truth? Home testimonymust be true or it could not be published here. Read this Paris recommendation. Then insist on havingDoan's. You will' know what youare getting:O. T. Sprake, contractor and carpenter, 304 Main street, says: "Ihave been a sufferer from kidneytrouble for many years, but Doan'sKidney Pills is the best medicine Ihave ever been able" to find. Theyalways give me fine relief and Ican't recommend them too highly. Ihave been in bad shape at times andbackache caused me to lay off workfor several days. I was greatly annoyed by the frequent passages ofthe kidney secretions which contained a sandy sediment. Whenever I have any need for such amedicine I use Doan's Kidney Pillsand it doesn't take them long to fixme up in good shape."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Sprake had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.New York. Keen competition hasdeveloped In the race for supremacyon the seas. The latest addition tothe fleet that is keeping the Americanflag to the forefront in the sea commerce of the world is the steamshipLone Star State, recently deliveredfrom her builders to the United StatesLines, which has just sailed on hermaiden voyage to Bremen.In the Lone Star State, as in otherpassenger carrying vessels constructedunder government supervision, the element of safety was of prime consideration. It is declared that the new lineris practically unsinkable. Originallyplanned as a transport and later designated to act as a hospital ship to bringback American wounded from France,the Lone Star State was built torpedoproof as nearly as human ingenuitycould make her.The vessel has thirteen water-tightcompartments. Shipping men whohave inspected her have declared thateven if she were cut in twain eachhalf would remain afloat.From the standpoint of comfort, nothing has been left undone to make hera luxurious vehicle for sea travel. Shecarries two classes of passengers, firstand third. Full attention has beengiven to the cuisine and amusement facilities on the Lone Star State. Thechefs and the kitchen personnel havebeen carefully selected with a view ofrivaling the dining service of a first-class hotel ashore.Captain Frank T. Burkhart, who isimpresario as well as navigator, saidbefore he sailed that he had adoptedas his slogan "A bas ennui," whichproperly translated means a Filipinoorchestra of twenty-two pieces. Everymember of the orchestra saw servicein the United States navy during thewar. The captain said they were notonly at home in jazz, but that they,could venture as well into the realm ofgrand opera. He promised plenty ofdancing on the decks in good weather.tensA 1 IraA-FOR RENTStoreroom, splendid location,Main street: Business room at Seventh and Main; two houses centrallylocated.MRS. J. B. "NORTHCOTT,(12 tf) Cumberland Phone 833.flew and Used FurnitureFOR SALEExtra good Duroc hoars, 175 to200 lbs. weight. Pork prfc iftaken soon. Also some No. 1 bltdhay.A. P. ADAIR & SON,Paris R. F. D. No. S,Home Phone Shawhan Ex., No.23-3 rings. (2-tf)Trade In your old furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(augl5-tf)EXCURSIONDoesn't hurt a bit! Dron a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly mat corn stops nurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or Irritation. (adv-T)NOUCEDEBT TO LOCAL PAPERWe have no quarrel with thosewho take and read reularly a good,clean city daily, but everybody owesit to his home community to support the local newspapers whichare such a large factor in makingthe home town and the country surrounding it a good place to live.There is also much to be done insupporting the local paper in advertising patronage. It is surprisinghow little appreciation is shown ofthe local newspaper in an advertising way. Farmers use columns of thelocal paper to sell or locate or purchase what they may wish to buy,but do not know where to find it.Do not overlook the local papers.You need them and they need yoursupport. The Ohio Farmer.Lawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Scissors and knives ground.We weld and repair all metals Incommon use and do general machinerepair work.SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.(apr21-tf,Cincinnati, 0.,AnaKeurn Via$2.00 L. & N. $2.00Further Reduction For Children,Sunday, May 21, 1922Special train will leave Paris 8:20a. m., returning will leave Fourth,Street Station, Cincinnati, 6:30 p.m., Central Standard Time, (7:30 p.m., City Time.) For further information, consult Local Ticket Agents(mayl2-16-19)ONLY WOMAN MARSHALft VThe Paris youngster who asked'his father why God hadn't given thezebra stars as well as stripes, has--a 'match in a Paris girl, a student,&t the High School, who recently--'wrote this distcription of Noah'sArk; "Overhead was a gorgeousv rainbow and beneath it the littlelArk rode proudly over the waters,-with smoke pouring from her smoke-atack, and the United States flagflying at the bow."" "Men." savs Lady Astor, "are theweaker sex," and she adds, they are"so easily attracted that it is aJ5hame to take advantage of them."All very true, dear lady, but whyproclaim it publicly? It's as old as' the race. Many men deny it, but intheir hearts they admit its truth.And who would have it otherwise?Woe unto humanity when manbecomes to hardhearted that thegrace and beauty of womanhood hass2io charms for him!We recently read one. of Lady:Astor's speeches. It wasn't, good,and it was evidently unprepared. Not only so, but unlikemany impromptu utterances it-would have been improved by a little thought ahead. Clara Barton,.of bleesed fame, -used to say -thatJtke lest war to set ready for aAN ALIBI THAT FAILSIf all citizens were as active inpolitics as Mr. Daugherty, (the Attorney General), the affairs of theUnited States would be capably administered at all times and therewould be fewer charlatans in publicplaces. Washington Post (OfficialAlibier of the Administration.)If all citizens active in politicshad the same luck as Harry Daugherty, there would be very few ofat THE NEWS office. (16-tf)Since Mr. Daugherty's election tothe Ohio Legislature as a Forakerman and his vote in the legislaturefor John Sherman, Foraker's t opponent, he has not succeeded in beingelected to any office in Ohio. Butas Senator Caraway says, the Constitution provides for appointiveoffices so that men who can't beelected can be appointed to them.riwm&J&y&P '-TBIwwvw .Liner Carries Fish in Tanks.On one of the big tourist steamshipseaving New York for a Mediterraneanruise, live fish were carried in tanksor consumption on 'the liner dining-ables.WOOL WANTEDHIGHEST CASH PEICE PAH).PLENTY OP SACKS AND TWINEAT MULE BABN.CAYW00B & McCLITOCK.(may-2-4wks)EGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's, Coal Yard, 127East Fourth street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf W. O. CROMBIE.WANTEDThe DependableStorage BatteryEverywhere storage batteries are used tofurnish dependable electric current. Railroadstrains, railroad signal systems, battleships andsubmarines all depend on storage batteries tofurnish electric current either constantly or in.case of emergency.This same dependable service is yours in theDelco-Light storage battery. The Delco-Lightbattery has thick plates with wood and rubberseparators, insuring long life.Dependable Delco-Lightis made in 25 styles andsizes a size for everyneed. All models hayethe famous four-cycle, aircooled, valve-in-head engine; only one place tooil. Over 140,000 satisfied users.Easy payments if desired.Write for catalog.John Merringeryi?7TA J? 7 P 616 Main st- Paris KyELC PLIGHTA?Photo of Mrs. William ChesleyLewis of Oklahoma City, Okla., theonly woman in the United States holding the position of marshal t of a Supreme court She is also chief clerkof the Oklahoma Supreme court.Mrs. "Lewis has an LL. B. degreefrom Cumberland university, Lebanon,Tenn., and her husband is a lawyerat Duncan, Okla. She was admittedto the Oklahoma bar in 1920. t Shewas appointed marshal of the Supreme court by Chief Justice John B.Harrison.I want to rent a four or five roomcottage, or a three or four roomflat. Call THE NEWS office. BothPhones 124. (21-tf)INTERURBAN TIMETABLE"NATIONAL DISABLED SOLDIERSWEEK" PLANPresident Harding and the StateGovernors will bet asked to set asidethe -week, May 28 to June 3, as"National Disabled Soldiers' Week,"Samuel J. Reed, chairman in chargeof the plan of the National DisabledSoldiers' League, has announced.Other organizations working in behalf of disabled veterans have beeninvited to participate in the movement. The purpose, Mr. Reed said, is toset aside a week during which the"disabled soldier question shall receive the concentrated interest ofevery citizen" toward "alleviatingthe suffering of individual disabledmen and their families."It is proposed to urge p'assage "ofthe very necessary legislation covering the disabled soldier situation,"to advocate "immediate adequatehospitalization" and to provide employment for wounded' veterans whoneed jobs.oThe worst punishment imaginable that could be inflicted upon somepersons would be to make them eattheir words. rCARE RUINS FISHES' 'MORALE'Protected Salmon Grow Too Tame,Canadian Parliament Is Toldby Expert.Ottawa, Ont Government fishhatcheries have ruined the "morale" ofthe salmon of British Columbia, according to the story told to the houseof commons by A. W. Neill. It seemsthat when the salmon come Into theworld at the fish hatcheries they areguarded against all enemies and Mr.Neill says they lose their protective instinct. So, when the salmon has comenf ace and is sent out in the coldworld he is as "tame as a cat," to quoteMr. Neill, and when he meets an enemy he "stands with his mouth openand accgpts murder as If such a thingwere foreordained."Paris toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.vLexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a., m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Shoes RepairedWhile You WaitQuick srvice; thorough workmanship; best materialsused; first class workmen; modern machinery meansatisfied customers. We repair shoes while you waitno delay.trL(tf)CLYDE TYREENext Door to Oberdorftr's Drug StoreiCelebrate 100 YearsWedded Life.ofPoplar Bluff, Mo. A. G.McKenzie, who has passed thefourscore mllepost in the journey of life has reported that hisfather, one hundred and twentytwo, and his mother, one hundred and nineteen years old,celebrated their 100th t weddinganniversary in Scotland a shorttime ago. McKenzie said he wasthe youngest son of seven In thefamily and that all of hisbrothers are alive.Cash Fare. 60c: Ticket Fare. 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inQuantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)ft .--- - -New Spring Colorsare produced upon your lastyear's garments bySwiss Dyeingwhich produces a most pleasingeffectBeautifnl atel Shaae, Lavenders, Blues, Greens, etc., are produced in most brilliant tones.Cost de moderate.SWISSGleaners and Dyersmxr by tamcmjm post to90S UOVTM. WOLTM ITBJEXTXtOUZlTXXiMEf XTVIN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.Kii ffffJMjJM1, vw-y'TV" "V, , Iv'"v-iJJteVvi,i- .iJ:& 'yWf?AVp,4 -P'i .e wiKw M ,-.,?r-i.-wK j vV4-tJTUESDAY, MAYTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKPAGE&4t . . .w . , . ' na . - . r!'Yvt4 - vi- ,K.r;4iJ5jv . X P BBK .16, 19225!"i .-eliA-matcigarettesIII 6 aJygBSSSbBB SSSSSB ssssss Nyear agoalmost unknownToday a leaderA sweeping verdict for QUALITYPERSONALSWOULD BE HARD TO BEAT THISONEGET AWAY FKOM YOUE DESK.""The Danville Messenger comesforward with champion story of theseason, when it published this one:"Squire Joseph S. Bonta, of theJunction City district, at a meetingof the Fiscal Court this week wastelling his colleagues of a calf heowned that 'took the cake' when itcame to eating. Squire Bonta saidthat while many people might doubthis statements concerning the calf,he wished to declare emphaticallythat what he said was the truth, thewhole truth and nothing but thetruth. This calf began by eating alarge leather saddle. The saddlewas not merely chewed up, but itwas liter ally eaten. Then the bovine ate something like fifty newspapers. Newspapers to this calfwere as toothsome as fodder. Thento cap the climax, it began eatingsmall chickens and before SquireBanta could stop the slaughter,thirty-two small chickens had beeneaten."oEven when it comes to buying a"collection of butterflies, Congressprobably will have to do a certainamount of fluttering before itlights.oThe breadth of a ship is aboutdouble the draft.No newspaper man wants to be avagabond, yet a journal publishedunder the name of "Vagabond" contains some exceptionally sound advice, especially applicable to editorsand publishers. It says, "Some business men are foolish enough to thinkthat by chaining themselves totheir desks they can become successful." It even goes so far as to saythat "the man who sticks to hisdesk is a fool; the fact that he can'tget away proves that he is a slaveand not a free man. It also showsthat he is an ineffective executiveand has no right to be at the headof any business. A man who knowshow to loaf, knows how to live andalso knows how to work."TWINS IN SUCCESSIONMrs. R. L. Rice, of Versailles,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. RobertP. Walsh, on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. R. 0. Duncanhave moyed to Lexington, and arenow located at No. 282 Ashlandavenue.W. 0. Fuller, of Paris, is takinga course in auto tractor work at theRabe Auto and Tractor School, inCincinnati.J. Simms Wilson has returnedfrom a business trip to Pensacola,"Okla., where he has extensive realestate holdings.Judge and Mrs. R. C. Hiatt havereturned to their home in Louisville,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. HiramRedmon, on Houston avenue. .Mr. William H. McMillan andMr. and Mrs. G. C, Thompson willreturn this week from a winter'sstay in St. Petersburg, Florida.Mr. and Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock have returned from Blackie,Ky., where they were called by theillness of Mr. Tadlock's mother.Jesse Owens, of Paris, who underwent a serious surgical operationlast week at the Massie MemorialHospital, is improving steadily.Mr. and Mrs. William Woodford,of New York, were guests of Mr.and Mrs. A. B. Hancock, last week,while attending the Lexington races.Mrs. George Hitt and son, Howard, have returned to their home inMaysville, after a visit to the former's brother, James H .. Howard,and Mrs. Howard, on Cypressj street.Mrs. Thomas Evans has returned to her home on Long Island, NewYork, after -a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Charles A. McMillan, and Mr.McMillan, at their home on Mt.Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Baird andHoward Bateman, who have beenguests of the former's daughter,Mrs. Sidney Ardery, and Mr. Ardery, on Houston avenue, have returned to their home in SouthCharleston, Ohio. They were accompanied as far as Cincinnati by Mr.and Mrs. Ardery and their littledaughter, Mary Caroline.(Other Personals on Page 5)WOMAN DABES PROHIBITIONISTSTO DEBATERULES ANNOUNCED FOR TEACHERS' CERTIFICATESRegulations regarding the renewaland life extension of teachers' certificates have been issued by Superintendent of Public Instruction Geo.Colvin.Applicants for renewal of a firstclass county certificate must havethe certification of the countyschool superintendent that the following requirements have been complied with:"A person having taught for 18consecutive years -in the samecounty, under first class certificate,may have the last one renewed fora period of four years by the StateBoard of Education, which shallwrite upon it 'renewed,' sign official-;ly and give the date of such re-jnewal. When a certificate has beenrenewed on time, the teacher shall,'again receive two first class certificates as stated before it can be renewed a second -time." ,Applicants for life certificatesmust have exact certification, by thecounty superintendent, of each certificate held and each place theyhave taught during the last 20 years.State certificates and city certificates issued by city boards .cannotbe extended for life. A life certificate cannot be granted outright."The State Board of Education, inits discretion, shall have the powerto extend for life, teachers' certificates of such teachers who have hadas many as 20 years of successfulexperience teaching m the commonschools of this State, provided thatno such certificate shall be of alower class than the first class."ihmumhuiiui tin i mi mini ui miniWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties IElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AILKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICEROPP. COURT HOUSE JMAIN STREETMMIMMIII 1 IHMHIIIIIMIMILOUISVILLEPLAYERS(Incorporated)Will present the best bill in thehistory of their organizationthree unusual plays s"The Monkey's Paw""Release""Among the Lions"LEXINGTONAUDITORIUMSaturday Evening, May 20Tickets $1.10-55c 28c(Lebanon Enterprise)Baker B. Terhune, well-knownfarmer, awns a Jersey cow with arecord that is in, at least, one respect hard to beat. About a yearago the cow gave birth to twincalves, both of which lived. A fewdays ago the cow again gave birthto twin calves. Both are heifers,are healthy and give promise of developing into good cows.oBHEUHATISHDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oADDING MACHINE ECUS CHEATWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.?aAre You a ()r 'mSkhIfgmBJm Man? HiMiss Elizabeth Marbury, Democratic National Commltteewomanfor New York State, wants to debatesomebody either sex who will defend the Volstead prohibition enforcement law against her on-slaughts.She hurled a challenge throughthe association against the prohibition amendment, naming in orderthese four persons she would prefer to debate:Lady Astor.CommanderEvangeline Booth, ofthe Salvation Army.William Jennings Bryan.The Rev. Dr. John Roach Straton,pastor of Calvary Baptist church, ofNew York."I will take them singly or all atonce that how sure I am that theVolstead act is indefensible," saidMiss Marbury.As for the remark attributed toLady Astor thatprohibition was "anexcellent law for the poor man,"she had this to say:, "I hardly think Lady Astor sufficiently familiar with the needs ofthe man in the street in America.She is speaking from an Englishviewpoint. I am too good a Democrat to want any law in this .country which spells privilege for theman -with the fat purse."oKENTUCKY'S DEAD IN GI0EYLIVEG1IRLS! LEMONSWHITEN THE SKINSqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing threeounces of Orchard White, which anydrug store will supply for a fewcents, shake well, and you have aquarter pint of harmless and de-lie-htfullemon bleach. Massagethis sweetly fragrant lotion into theface, neck, arms and hands eachday, then shortly note the beautyand whiteness of your skin.Famous stage beauties use thislemon lotion to bleach and bringthat soft, clear, rosy-white complexion, also as a freckle, sunburn andtan bleach because it doesn't irritate, taav-rjoAINT IT THE GRAND AND GL0White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed(tf)RI0US FEELING?1's feelin' mighty powerful goodto-dayCase de folks all sayDat fish am bitin' awful fas',Some catchin' catfish and somecatchin' bass.I's gwine to fetch my line and hookAnd steal down along the brook;Look out dare Mr. Fish, I's afteryou.I wants you big ones little oneswon't do.II's fished and fished and can't geta biteBut I an't mad even with dis appetite, Case springtime's here what do anigger careWid de flowers bloomin' and musicin de air.THE NEAR EAST RELIEF FUNDCAMPAIGNGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET- FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkIf you are a pass-book man or woman you know theVALUE and CONVENIENCE of having a bank account.Having a bank account will inspire you to savemoney.Saving money will enable you to have money to graspa good business opportunity when it comes along.Have you ever said to yourself: "If I only had moneyNOW!"The thing to do is to open a bank account NOW.We will welcome your account.Come back to God. What tomb couldhideThe martyr souls, the sacrificed!For us, that light forever dwell,For home, met Fate mid hideoushell.On land, in air, on waters,Where ' rolled the Teutons' awfultide;That Christian nations might abideIn love and peace on duty fellCome back to God!O Mother mine, thy heart has sighedIn memory's shrine thy tear hasdried ;From starlit-land where anthemsswellAn angel soldier's clear notestellOf love and peace thy son whodiedCome back to God!James Blythe Anderson.oHOME GROWN STRAWBERRIESPeoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany-The first home-grown strawberrieshave made their appearance on thelocal market. It is said the crop inthe State this year is more abundant than for many years, and it ispredicted the price will be very lowwhen the home grown product De-comes more pienuiui.. o' -euizuSBK sourBqoajunmdoj uiatn SujAjesaad jo suuara bre qsg aq u4op ,2apiBS jo obib papiOD qsg aq Saidaoai jo aojAjas ajqnopqi imibgjad ,.api" 118,,- IHX eaaaaJJja)M jibs jo aupq" uaqM RinoooXllnw 4qi $l jflnnopMiuMnoD aq?aiBuioina tqaqM waoojdq uaj--.u.S'lll X t- "" - .-. '.......j,iy ,m, a i , rmtqji m jo mubw mu ijo ijvsnpaj qsy q HI aopAouaj aymi j mnThe Near East Relief Campaign,which is soon to be launched, will bein charge of the ministers of Bourbon county, who have set apart thethird Sunday in Mayf for this week.Kentucky wishes to raise $50,000this month and Bourbon jCounty'squota is $2,100. Last year Kentucky stood 28th in line, all of ourneighboring States -stood higher inthe point of gifts. Let us strive tobring our State nearer the top andin so doing we will save the livesof many starving children. Five dollars saves the life' of a child for amonth and $1.00 will save one forseveral days.It is true that we have been calledupon for so many things we feel wecon do no more, but just a small contribution from each one will soonraise the $2,100. The ministers haveagreed to do this work and will dotheir part, but without the co-operationof the people they can do noth-Be ready now with your contribution. Make Bourbon county staywhere she has always been on top!o rThe Rattlesnake.One of Bossworth's young sproutswas coming home about 12 o'clock theother night on the south road, andjust as he got even with the graveyard the engine went dead. But hesaid he got so scaied wuen ne sawwhere lie was that he shook the carso badly that the durned old flivverthought the motor was running andcame clear to town before it discovered its mistake. Science and Invention.KANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phont 399gggggiiiiiiiiiiififKjiShabby Leather Chairs Brightened.When leather chairs begin to looicshabby, try this remedy. "Wipe airdlrtand, dust from the" chairs aad then rift)wltliV cloth that ifas been dipped totewse t egg, well Wteou Bub" wetfwitt soft dean cloths when dry andthe leather wlU look Ukenew JifsbrcCTHE U1NI3E11SAL CARDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922Chassis.. $285Runabout ....t.:. 319Touring Car......::? J 348Truck Chassis.......: 430Coupe 580Sedan..., , 645(F. O. B. DETROIT) ,MOTOR COMPANYgaff gj5uL d !''' -ZJ.I4ll2J'ir '.?". ' i.':..t7Hmii' tr fwlVV;wI-mittittSifiXftfleRVrr- fc -- & r-s'seLiir-wg... ---"StqLr."t al?;,. .'. $?- "vy?ifci-k;&wfju-. f --ar ". fcKPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON . tfEWS,XSARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 16, 1922:v- -?.'Special Sale oneratorsand Porch Furniture for This Month& &u--VRefrigU-ttA,FWheelerCHAS. GREENE, Manager&Co.- RELIGIOUSA Bsnme of Events -In EeligiouaCircles For fTesejit andFutureCITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSi "LOUISVILLE PLAYERS" COMINGI TO LEXINGTONA special series of revival meetings will begin at the Paris Baptistchurch on June 11. The singing willhe conducted by J. Fred Schofieldand wife, and the sermons will be bythe pastor, Rev. Arthur Fox. Therewill be three choirs, adult, intermediate and junior.The revival at the Spears MillBaptist church continues with in-'creasing interest. Preaching duringthe week at 7:30 p. m. Three services on Sunday with basket dinneron the grounds. Mrs. Virgil Harney will preside at the piano during the meeting.' Three days special devotionswill be held at the Church of TheAnnunciation, in this city, Tuesday,"Wednesday and Thursday, of thisweek. The services will be conducted by priests of the RedemptionistOrder, who were her and conductedservices at the church some time ago.oTHE NEAR EAST RELIEF FUND.The campaign for funds for thecare of over 70,000 children" in 179orphanages under care of the American Near East Relief began yesterday, Miss Beth Higgins, State Director, and Miss Rica Straffer, FieldRepresentaive, were in the citySunday, speaking in the Sunday"schools and churches in the interest of the campaign. Mrs. HowardB. Carr is local chairman for Bourbon county and will lead in the effortto provide funds for the care ofthirty-five orphans, which is thecounty's allotment.You are invited to inspect thewindow decorated to portray in asmall way some conditions "existingin Armenia. See it at Ardery's DrugStore. Miss Straffer is visiting theschools telling the story to the children, hoping to enlist them in aneffort to do our part in this greatwork.At the regular meeting pf the City iCouncil held Thursday night in the! The unusual success of the threeCouncil Chamber of the City Hall, ' plays recently presented at the ShuCity Attorney Charles A. McMillan bert Theatre, in Louisville, by thewas authorized to draw up a license Louisville Players' Club, has promptordinance,, applicable to the Lexing- ed that organization to give thexperton, daily newspapers, whereby a formance in Lexington and the datelicense fee. will be exacted for 'doing has been set for Saturday evening,business in the city of Paris. Ac--May 20.cording to the new ordinance other The Louisville Players Club, theforeign papers circulating in Paris most famous amateur organization ofwill be exempt from paying the Louisville, is composed of leading solicense. ciety people who play for the sakeThe names of Ossian Edwards, B. J of art rather than for profit. TheMt Renick and M. J. Lavin were . twenty members comprising the castsubmitted as members of the Board include such well-known talent asof Tax Supervisors. Councilman Boyd Martin, dramatic critic of theKenney suggested that" the name of Courier-Journal and president of theMr. Renick be dropped and that the Dramatic League of Kentucky; Mrs.name of either Catesby Spears or w. K. Stewart, well-known 'for ,herWoodford Spears, whichever would ' character studies; Miss Margaretconsent to serve be submitted. The Dalrymple, who has refused a nummotion was carried. jber of professional offers; Dr. I. N.Following a meeting of the com-, Bloom, widely known specialist andmittee with Fred "Weckesser, owner , one of the most famous amateur acof a number of bus lines plying be- tors in the State; Miss Julia Mentween Paris and neighboring towns, Jning; Mrs. Granville L. Burton; Mr.a license fee of $100 per year on each Fulton Mandeville; Mrs. Aubrey Cosbus, which was adopted at a previ- sar; Mrs. "Woodford Dulaney; Mr.ous meeting of the Council, was al 'Jesse Frazier; Mr. Granville L. Burlowed to stand. City Clerk Hayden ton, president of the organization,was allowed three per ' cenk com I and others socially prominent,mission on all delinquent taxes col- Specially constructed scenery willlected by him up to December 31, be sent by truck from Louisville to1921. The Improvement Commit- Lexington to be used in the perform-REAL ESTATE DEALS'Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atpublic sale at the court house dooryesterday for Master CommissionerO. T. Hinton, a house of four rooms,located in Millersburg, belonging tothe estate of Richard White, toSam Miller, colored for $1,420.TALBOTT BROS. LOSE VAULABLETHOROUGHBREDTalbott Bros., of Paris, lost recently by death from inflamation ofthe bowels their good broodmare,Barbee. valued at $5,000. Barbeewas byvOrlando, out of Miss Kittie"by-Sir Dixon, and was the dam of-Brother Batch, winner of last year'sJ Latonia Derby. She was in foal to.yuiar s.u.u.y y aus.FOR RENT ,The restaurant at the corner ofPleasant and Tenth streets, is forrent. For terms, etc., seeTHOMAS A'HEARN.(mayl6-tf)LOSTSomewhere in Paris a ring withsoltaire diamond in a high settingFinder will be rewarded by leavingpike, near Paris. The mother wasPYRENE DENTINEA minister has discovered a splendid remedy for sore gums, badbreath and loose teeth. A dollar boxfor 60c to all for 15 days. Satisfaction guaranteed.GEO. W. TAYLOR,Box 104, McKinney, Texas.(mayl5-2t)FOR SALESweet potato plants of all varieties at v(16-2t) LAVIN & CONNELL'SPIANOS.iLet us demonstrate to you one ofour high-grade Pianos, Players or'Talking Machines, at very lowprices. Fourteen selections of records free with any Talking Machinein stock.J. H. TEMPLEMAN PIANO CO.Cumb Phone 201 22 a Main St-mayl6-19,ance, and it is predicted that a capacity house will greet the Louisvillepeople who are giving their acquaintances of the Bluegrass this opportunity to attend the production.(adv)oPAY YOUR LICENSEtee was given power to make a settlement with the J. T. Hinton "Co.,for alleged damages done to curbing and pipe leading into their establishment at the corner of Mainand Sixth streets.Members of the City Board of Education, accompanied by Prof. LeeKirkpatrick, Superintendent of ParisSchools, appeared before the Council, and submitted the budget for thecoming year, which calls for an additional teacher in each of the second, third and fourth grades, andthree additional teachers in the HighSchool. The latter is made necessary due to the marvelous increase inattendance in the past three yearsfrom 121 to 304. A bond issue wasalso requested for the sum of $80,000, with which to build a newHigh School building on the nrem- Paris will entertain representa-ises adjoining the present building tives of Lexington business houseson Seventh street. The matter was for a short time on the morning ofreferred to the Finance Committee ' Wednesday. May 24. The boosters.-, ,THE CITY LICENSES ARE NOWDUE. CALL AT ONCE AT THEPEOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST COMPANY, AND SAVE THEPENALTIES.C. K. THOMAS,(2-tf) City Collector.HEADS OF- HOUSES EXCURSIONMAY 24-25.We Have a Large Stock of Monuments onHand Ready to DeliverWe have reduced the prices on those on hand and we guarantee to give quality andbetter prices than anyone from anywhere; Come and see and be convinced. No duplij cates at these prices.THE MURRAY & THOMAS CO., Paris, Ky.who will report at the next regularmeeting of Council.NOTICE TO PARIS HIGH SCHOOLALUMNIWe urgently request that each oldgraduate' of the Paris High Schoolattend the Alumni meeting to beheld at the Paris City School buildingon Thursday, May 18. at 7:30 p.m. At this meeting plans will beformulated for holding the annualbanquet.DR. MILTON J. STERN, Pres.MRS. TAYLOR CHANDLER, Sec.oOFFICERS LOCATE STILL IN CEMETERY.will arrive here at 8:30 a. m. andwill leave at 9:15.While no. special program is being considered for the occasion, Pariswill officially welcome the boosters.Cities to be visited by the motor-The commencement season for caae will be notified this week andLexington educational institutions it is nrobable that a supply of badges, similar to the ones to be worn byPARIS GRADUATES IN LEXINGTON COLLEGEwill be in full swing soon. Amongthose who will quit school and"commence" life are the followingfrom Bourbon county:Miss -Elizabeths Clark, of Paris,will receive the. degree of Bachelorof Arts at Transylvania College, andWard Russell, of Little Rock, willreceive the "degree of f Bachelor ofDivinity in the College of the Bibleat the same college. Miss MaryEllis, of Paris, will be one of thegraduates from the Junior Collegeat Hamilton College, and Miss Florence Adair Hedges, of Paris, will bea member of the 1922 graduatingclass at Sayre College.oNEW HOUSE FOR SALESheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriff James Gibson, of Bourlont accompanied by ProhibitionOfficers W. C. White, John D. Collinsand Commissioner Wiard, of Lexington, paid a visit to an old cemeteryjust over the county line near Millersburg, where they found a moonshine jstill, a number of kegs, barrels and mash.The operator of the still had apparently become suspicious and believed that' his location had DeeliUncovered, as the still had been removed. No arrests were made, butthe authorities are conducting anfiiTeetiaration, "hoping to land theoperator of the plant. The copperworm waa brought to Paris and ad44 to tfcrcollection imtt SaeriE'somct, aa the retr U t inaterialcotttecated' Mygjred. ,.vv -NEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf)oPICKPOCKETS GET PARIS MAffWhile attending tlie running ofthe Kentucky Derby at the Louisville track Mr. Charles S. Spears, ofParis, was relieved of $65, " whichwas abstracted from his pocket inthe big crowd by a light-fingeredgent. Frank Kiser says he saw apickpocket take a ''gold watch froma man's pocket and deftly pass it toa confederate, both disappearing before he could inform the victim.Robberies amounting cloet te $12,000 were reported to the police dur-limg the afterftooa.VA"the Lexington business men, givingthe name and business of the wearer,will be sent to each community, asthe principal aim of the automobilejaunt is to renew acquaintances inthe neighboring cities of Kentucky.oDON'T WATT TOO LONGCOMMENCEMENT TIME WILLSOON BE HERE. LET US HAVEYOUR ORDER NOW FOR ENGRAVED WORK ALL KINDS OF CARDS,INVITATIONS, ETC. A BEAUTIFUL LINE OF SAMPLES TO SELECT FROM.BOURBON NEWS ENGRAVING DEPARTMENT. oASKS $600 DAMAGES FOR REPARIS TO AUTODamages amounting to $600 areasked in a suit filed in Circuit Courtat Lexington by W. M. Batemanagainst the Kentucky Traction andTerminal Company, growing out ofan accident which occurred in Parissome time ago. According to thepetition one of the cars operated bythe company struck a truck belonging to Bateman, damaging it to suchan extent that he was unable touse it for some time. The damageis estimated at $600.WALL PLASTERJust received a carload of wallplaster and hydrated .lime. , SpeedPortland Cement always in-tocc"MANSFIELD JEFFERSON LTJM-rwd rn f2-tfi.-..-' .i K-.-A.--rt. vu-k-s'i,J.n.V, .milk '- xiRBWk, . 'Copyright, 1922, A.'. B. Kirschbaum CompanyMohairs, Palm Beaches andTropical Worsteds are Herein Latest StylesThis weather makes you feel like getting into a lighter weight suit and right here is,: where you will find the best selections in town. Mohairs, Palm Beaches and Tropical.: Worsteds have been selected in styles that will appeal to both men and, young men. Col-orings and patterns that will appeal have also been selected. Drop in today and let us fityou in a cool suit for hot weather.Palm Beaches -$12.50and $15.00Mohairs$18.00Tropica! Worsteds$25.00, -Get Under a Walsh Straw HatThey're here, fellows, in all the newest shapes and latest . braids. "Top yourself" inone of our straws and we'll guarantee style satisfaction. And they're priced right.' $2.50 to $5.00 ,R P. WALSHt7th and MainOne-Price Store-Jome,Phonc 4-4SCumb.Paris.&TmP&-?li.t-ESSE3k jWv'1JU S..x V.v5-1..irtj v x-v. .,.VJVJli'3- 2J.. 15V'--i'-;"1, - .-, -"iiC ,,j' ,VA VyVi-Vfr?? ;;sTUESDAY, MAY 16, 1922- i- A A TMWIi iMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIVEi fc mmft-A.i'4itii-"GIFTS THAT LAST"STRAWBERBEESFresh berries received daily rightfrom the patch. Now is the time topreserve. Phone up your order.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.RECENT AUTO SALESThe Lexington Cadillac Companyreports the sale of a Cadillac Phaeton to Mr. James G. Metcalfe, ofParis, Assistant Superintendent ofthe Louisville & Nashville.PERSONALSComings and Goings of SomeKnow and Others YonDoto.YonTO GIVE SILVER TEAThe Woman's Auxiliary of thePresbyterian church will give a"Silver Tea" to-day, Tuesday, May16, from three to five o'clock, at thehome of Mrs. Harry B. Clay, onDuncan avenue. A cordial invitation is extended to all to attend.PUPILS TAKE EXAMINATIONSSeventy-three white and twentyfour colored pupils of the countyschools took the eighth grade examination at the Bourbon countycourt house Friday. Eighty-eight ofthe winter class passed the examinations given in January.FOR THE GRADUATE.ALLOW US TO HELP IN YOURGIFT SELECTION. 6THE A. J. WINTERS CO.POOL ROOM SOLDThe Walters pool and biliardroom.on Main street, between Seventh and Eighth streets, has beenpurchased from Mr. Walters by JohnShinners and George Woods, whohave taken possession, and will conduct the business in the future.n . BITTEN BY DOG SWhile playing near her home onTTo-rmnti street. Sundav afternoon,Mary, the nine-year old daughter ofMrs. Julia Jordan, was bitten on thehip by a dog. A physician was called, and the would cauterized. It isnot thought the wound will resultseriously. The dog belonged to Mrs.Harp, of Harmon street.oBEST AUTO INSURANCEINSURE YOUR AUTOMOBILEAGAINST FIRE. THEFT, PJBIICLIABILITY, PROPERTY DAMAGEAND COLLISION. .(apr25 4t-T) A. J. JfJSJS, Agent.BOURBON COUNTY CASES IN THEAPPELLATE COURTIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Friday, orders were entered affecting cases from the Bourbon Circuit Court, as follows:Roberts, eta., vs. Parsons, Bourboif; Roberts, etc., vs. Sledd, Bourbon; affirmed in each case. 'Isgrig vs. Jacoby, etc., Bourbon;appellant filed motion and statement with notice to advance and setfor oral argument; appellee filed objection to motion.Mrs. James S. Pooer has. returned to her home in Winchester aftera visit to Paris relatives.J. Frank Trisler has moved hisinsurance office to the rooms overthe Oberdorfer drug store.Mrs. Julia Jordan continues toimprove at her home on Harmonstreet from a serious illness.Miss Willie Orr, of Stoner avenue, is spending a short vacationwith friends and relatives in Louisville. J. M. Scott has returned to hishome on Duncan avenue, after a twoweeks visit to his farm in Boonecounty.Shelby Record: "Mr. A. W.Bullock and daughter, Miss Dorothy Bullock, of Paris, were guestsof friends here last week.James G. Metcalfe, of Paris, andguests, Mr. and Mrs. George Metcalfe, of New York City, were visitors the past week in Winchester.Reports from the bedside ofMiss Mattie Hite, formerly of Paris,who has been seriously ill for several days in Cincinnati of paralysis,indicate a slight improvement inher condition. ,Georgetown Times: "Miss Frasier, the superintendent of theGeorgetown Hospital, who has beenill for several days, is much improved. She is now at the home of hersister, Mrs. John Garnett, of Shaw-han, Ky."Win. W. Dudley has returnedfrom a visit to his sister, Mrs. FrankW. Shackleford, and family, in Cincinnati. Mr. Dudley reports thecondition of his aunt, Miss MattieHite, as being slightly improved.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry leaves today for Washington, D. C, to attendthe annual meeting of the AmericanFederation of Arts, of which she isa member. From Washington, Mrs.Lowry will go to New York for avisit of a few weeks.A dance will be given to-nightat Stuart & O'Brien's warehousewith the following committee incharge: Harold Shively, StanleyMcClintock and Farris Adams. Thedance will be a subscription affair,2.20. The hours will be from nineto three. Music will be be furnishedby Earl Fuller's Orchestra of nineHarold Shively, Stanley McClintock and Farris Adams constitute the committee in charge of adance to" be given at the Stuart &O'Brien warehouse, on Thursdaynight, May 18. Music for the occasion will be furnished T)y the famousF. & B. Orchestra, of Chicago, rneVirmrs will he from nine to three.Subscription $2.20.Mrs. Frankie " Schadle entertained recently in honor of the seventy-eighthbirthday of her mother,Mrs. -Julia Dorsey, and the eleventhbirthday of her son, Wm. K. Biddie. Those present were Mrs. L.enVanarsdale and Mrs. John Crosby,Lexington; Mrs. James Cravens, MissNoval Lancaster, and- Chas. Lancaster, of Paris, and Mrs. Lou Ginnand Mrs. Wm. South, of Hutchison.Hugh Payne, Russell Worrick,Russell Frank, Ussery Wilder andGene Lair of Paris, attended thedance given at Lexington, Saturdayevening by the girls of MaxwellHall. The reception room at Patterson Hall, at the University ofKentucky, was decorated with greenfoliage for the occasion, . and deli5rto frarmp wns served. Miss,lJAi3 J. a. M. x- X' w " -Josephine Fithian, of Paris, was oneof the chaperones. Misses MargaretLavin and Louise Connell, of Paris,were among -the guests."Garden Day" at the SmartShop was one of the gayest occasions of the season, and drew notonly' people from this city andcounty, but many from surroundingtowns. Mrs. Charles G. Daughertywas awarded the second ribbon onarrangement for a very artistic vaseof white roses. Among the out-of-n-arnvisitors were Mrs. David Mat-lack. Mrs. Vaughn Drake, of Winchester; John E. Bean, Mrs. LeeEvans, Mrs. R. Jouett, Mrs. AnnieMithoefef , and Mrs May Stoner Clay,of Lexington.A party of students from theKentucky Wesleyan College, atWinchester, enjoyed a delightfulouting at the Xalapa Farm, nearParis last week. The party waschaperoned by Misses Pauline andMary Peeples and was composed ofMisses Ella Stone Spencer, MaryStone Spencer, Mary Martin Adcock, Margaret Haggard, VirginiaArbogast, Katie Pendleton, JanieMahan; Messrs. Russell Turley, Jas.R. Scobee, Benjamin Spencer, Raymond Myers, Whitton Horton, Nelson "Sledd and Courtney Carroll.tv.0 foTnnc TCnrl Fuller jazz. jir. joun x. vwv,u, i .,Band world famous for its rythm and Mo., is visiting his nephew, J. J.syncopation will be the headline at- Veatch, and family, of Fithiatf. avetraction at the Grand Opera House nue. Mr. Veatch is a native of Ken-to-night, i tucuy, DUt nas iiveu out um. wc ...Fullen, "The Man From Rector's," for over thirty-five years, duringneeds very little introduction to all which time his nephew. J. J. Veatch,those who have talking machines, had not seen him, and also duringfor Mr. Fuller was the first man to which time he has dropped the letmake syncopated dance records for ter "t" from his name. He isthe Columbia, Victor and Edison, eighty years of age, travels alfene,machines andhis records have been and is the only, living brother of J., . , s ,.c t -ffflotoii't. fbthpr. After vMtins:& nOUSnOlQ'Juy J.U1 many j-cniD. j. a.. o ,-. - -With Mr. Fuller's band is Miss Vi other relatives at Danville, HarrodsSaaffer the "Prima Donna of Jazz- burg and Lebanon, 'Mr. Veach willland " wao has created a sensation return to his home at Fowler, Mo.w ker reItioa of famow "HueV v E. M. Veatch, of Paducah, willJLg, Mr Fuller will appear in visit his brother, J. J. Veatch, aaZZmam. ,- - Hl y.v, family. ,tri tfce week,t.wkile,at-tending the district meeting of theLion's Club, at Lexington.Mrs. Clyde Keller will leaveWednesday for an extended visit tofriends and relatives in Louisiana.Miss McCoy, of Baltimore, isvisiting her sister, Mrs. . J. BrutusClay, at "Runhymeade," near Paris.Dr. and Mrs. Victor Corbin andchildren, of Butler, Ky., are visiting Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Thomason,near Paris.Miss Elizabeth Culbertson hasreturned to her home in Winchesterafter a visit to Miss Lucy Plummer,'in this city..Mrs. 0. E. Ralls, who underwent an operation at St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, last week,is improving steadily.Mr. and Mrs. Polk Laffoon andMr. and Mrs. Edward Gatfield, ofCovington, were guests ' Sunday ofMrs. Belle Brent Alexander at herhome on Pleasant street.Miss Lillie Williams has gone .toMartinsville, Indiana, for a shortstay. During her absence Mrs.Mollie Rice will be at the MassieMemorial Hospital, not as patient,but as a guest.The Woman's Auxiliary of thePresbyterian church will give a"Silver Tea" this (Tuesday) afternoon, from three to five o'clock, atthe home of Mrs. Harry B. Clay, onDuncan avenue.Rev. E. S. Smith, of Hopkinsville, who' has been delivering aseries of lectures at the College ofthe Bible, in Lexington, spent theweek-end with his mother, Mrs. LucySmith, near' Little Rock.Mrs. Don F. Schlosser, of Columbus, Ohio, is visiting her mother,Mrs. Mayme Parker, in this city.She was accompanied here by heryoung friend, little Miss Jane Rinker, as charming a bit of feminintya ever graced the city with herpresence.Miss Irene Bra'mblette, underwhose direction the Senior Classplay, "And Billy Disappeared," wasgiven last week at the Paris HighSnVmni entertained the members ofthe two casts at The Sweet Shop atthe close of the entertainment Friday night.(Other Personals on Page 3)ATTENTION, BUS PASSENGERS!Paris, North Middletown and Mt.Sterling Reo Comfort Bus Line:Please ignore new schedule as advertised in BOURBON NEWS lastlast Friday.Our regular bus (Mr'. Bob. Hixon,driver,, will run on its old scneauie.The special bus leaves Paris 7:30 a.m. 6:15 p. m.REO COMFORT BUS LINE.MATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cnpid's Doings AsThe Days Go BySPECIAL TOR THIS WEEK:A marriage license was issued(yesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to CharlesWolfe, eighteen, of Cynthiana, andMiss Lucy Watson, sixteen, of Paris.AT HOUSE CLEANING TIME ISA GOOD TIME TO HAVE NEWLIGHTING FIXTURES INSTALLEDAHD WE OEFER FOR THISWEEK OUR ENTIRE STOCK OFTLXTTOES AT ONE-HALT PRICE.COME IN AND SEE WHAT A PINELINE WE HAVE.BLUE GRASS ELECTRIC CO.oPARIS AT THE MAYSVILLE CONCLAVEParis Knights Templar and theirladies will attend the annual conclave to be held at Maysville, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of thisweek. The Knights will make, thetrip on a special train leaving Parisat 7:45 Wednesday morning.For a number of years the Boys'Band of the Odd Fellows Home, atLexington, has had an engagementwith the Knights Templar of Paristo play for them at their annualmeeting. One year ago the bandwas engaged by the Knight Templars of Paris, for the meeting atMaysville on May 17. The band hasalways attracted considerable attention at these meetings.MITCHELLTREE MARSTONThe marriage of Claude Marstonand Miss Ethel Mitchelltree, both ofthe Ruddles Mills vicinity, took placeFriday afternoon, the ceremony being performed by County JudgeGeorge Batterton, in his privateoffice in the court house. Mr Marston is the son of Mr. and Mrs. SquireMarston, and the bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed. - Mitchell-tree.PERKINS ECKLAR.Samuel Ecklar, widower, agedthirty-eight, and' Mrs. Allie Perkins,widow, aged thirty, both of Bourbon county, tiring of single cussedness, sought the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, where they werefurnished with the necessary papersfor taking a second plunge. Theywere married' shortly afterward byCounty Judge George Batterton, inhis private office in the court house.PULLER'S JAZZ BAND TOHERE TO-NIGHTPLAYSTILL SUING 'EMClifford C. Bosworth, receiver ofthe Co-operative Land and Development Company, filed suit in the Fayette Circuit Court at Lexington, (against S. V. Brents for $10,000,with interest from April 10, 1919,for amount -claimed to be due plaintiff for 10.000 shares of capitalstock delivered to Mr. Brents, who isalleged to have refused' to pay theamount or any part of it.READYWithStraw HatsFlexible Sailors, Xys Leghorns, PanamasAll Styles, All Sizes$2.00 to S5.00Now is the Time to Make Your SelectionrWe Have Also Received .Many New and Beautiful SuitsFancy or Plain Models$12.50 to $29.50Come in and See How You will .Look in OneLEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street11 I Buy Your Work Cloth- mmmmJ" "l ' inS Here andSave1 I "II I , lllM I- I - mmmmi .. s i.:., ' ;WE ARE SHOWINGVING ROOM SUIT!In many designs at most reasonable prices.Let us serve you.iNEWS OF THE C0TJETSsIn tty'e County. Court Judge Geo.Batterton -appointed Judge DenisDundon administrator of the estateof the late John W. Brierly with theFidelity & Casualty Company assurety, on a bond of ?U00.In the County Court Cash Crowewas bound over to the grand jury inthe sum of $1,000, on a charge ofhaving moonshine whisky in hispossession.- Crowe's bondsman wasIke Foreman, of Millersourg. urowewas arrested for the second .timesince having served a jail sentenceon a liquor charge several IJionthsago. He haVbeen- heldvto the grandriunr twice o-tae same cHarge re-eeaar-'" t ' '' ' " "" 1 "-"Have You Heard the NewCOLUMBIA RECORDHIT?Buy it now. Columbia Grafonolai are the bett Talking Machines. .1 There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machine.THE J. T HINTON CO.EITHCMPMONC 3SPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAIN.Motor Hojm Motpr InvjptW Coach-U w J iiiil daftv.'. W'v2.'S-jt-&!')4r.m-'", .j --IIws.Ikt;:i.h -XT ,?H'1 -X-:C.TrsSi-JJ--rrxsgr;u 7gf yvgg, x . 1 4, l i $tn y "if ft iEZ2xtfSISS&JML'ilt.r-iLiZLjl. JLmai" mtla. 'iJiSKl2ai& ?"?'?&f- A,K vtV"irtHS--"4 vlJi1-v- rg,vfry.-v VCr wf WT9&$ &?M- Y Jk$is&.,F"'Y ?4 1.4j?FMSSIXTHE BOURBONnews;PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAY 1, 1S32"ffm"E3""-VCeneernlng Floor Coverings.Fleors are not only part ofrthe.backgreond of the room alqng.wlth theirells and ceiling, but they, 'also formIke foundation of the whole decorativeckeme. Therefore, the floor coveringsMat, necessarily be darker-in colorthan the walls, otherwise vthey willipeil the entire proportion of the roomfcy the effect of instability produced.v Men Lead in Suicide Toll.The proportion of men to women sulfites in the United States is more thanjro to one. With the men shooting isae favorite means, while the majorityi women suicides use poison.CAHAL BROS.BABBES SHOP. 4 WHITE BAEBHS-4TModern Eguipmemt.. Expert and Polite Serrioe. HOT AOT) COLD BATHSFARMERS8PARIS, KY,fttgan Business Jan. 3, 19162CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00SUFFERED SOLONG SHE WASLOSING HEARTMrs.Bartlett Has Gained In Weight,Feels Fine And After Effects ofFlu Entirely Gone Since TakingTanlac."Years of nervousness, stomach,trouble and general run-down condition were ended for me by takingTanlac," said Mrs. Frances Bartlett,1106 Norwood avenue, Toledo, Ohio."I had the 'fln' over a year agoand it left me so weak I nearlybroke down. When I even tried tosweep the floor I would give outcompletely, and I almost losjt heart.My appetite was very poor, and myfood caused gas that made me sufferagonies. I was so weak I couldn'twalk a block without resting."My husband heard so much aboutTanlac that he got a bottle for me.After taking three bottles I gainedmuch weight and indigestion neverbothers me. I am so happy overTanlac I just want to tell othersufferers about this wonderful medicine." Tanlac is sold by all good druggists. . Jf tAS IN ROME 2,000 YEARS AGOU,S. PLANS TOJUNK WARSHIPSSale Will Bring in Return of LessThan Half of One PerCent on Outlay.OFFICERSITank P. Riser, PresidentB. I. Weathers. Vice PresidentW. Vti. Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkei, Ais't CasHUrDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .2?JUNE 30, 1921. c&BRIGHTER-sBEEVENINGS.lKV9v.-Just HistoryThe Colonial DameSpun htr cloth hBy Candle flame.In I860In Crinoline bright,She erected her gueitiBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time doei passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl oi to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Imcorjorated)It is pretty well agreed amongteachers that education should not bea mere collecting of facts, howeverinteresting these may be; the end tobe achieved should rather be a working over of these facts into ideasand opinions.The important thing for mentaldevelopment apparently is to get holdof some sort of fact, or a group ofrelated ones, and by turning themover and over, to find if they do notpoint to same vital conclusion. Itdoes not seem to matter very muchwhat the fact is; "the most insignificant fact may produce a man-sizeidea if it is worked over in the rightway, just as the tiniest seed may bemade to produce an over-sized elmtree if treated in the right way.Of course, if such facts are chosenwith some regard to their significance and their possibility of development, they will be all the moreilluminating. Indeed, one wellchosen fact may thus become. a sortwhichmany otherideas stand re-AfinEverything in thePaint and Varnishline nothing butthe best.GET OURPRICESVVarden & Sonof spotlight instrange facts andvealed.Take the fact, for instance, thatthe world has to-day no bettermethod for the adjustment of labordisputes than were employed inRome nearly 2,000 years ago. Hereis a simple statement of a fact whichno one will deny. It is true beyonda doubt that in most of these industrial disputes is resorted either onone side or the other to the layingdown of the tools, or to shuttingout of factory or mine the men whowork there. In tne 'end it amountsto a more or less subdued struggleas to which side can hold out thelongest.In the meantime the great publicpays the penalty. Such a conflictmay make it impossible for thousands to get coal, or milk, or transportation, and dire results may follow the .cessation of work, just as itmay have done centuries ago if mentook it into their heads to wage thiskind of conflict.Now in practically every line ofendeavor inan has so far outdistanced Roman civilization that there isno comparison between the two. ' In.every endeavor and in every field ofindustry man can point with justpride to his progress. Motor carsand phonographs, linotype machinesand railroad trains, submarine andairplanes, and now the radiophonethese are but a small portion ofthe fruits of man's ingenuity in hisconquest over nature. It is folly tosay to-day that there is a limit tohuman ability.But the machinery for adjustingsuch disputes as may arise fromtime to time between employer andemploye is still pathetically primitive. The country stands by' inhelpless dismay, unable to startthe wheels which have ceased toturn, and grateful in the end if thetotal loss and injury do not exceedthe predictions of the gloomiestpessimist..If educations means the leading ofthe mind from darkness to light,here, it seems, is something onwhich educated persons might sheda light.oUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESTOTAL WILL BE $2,750,000Eighteen Months All lowed for Scrapping After Ratification of Treaty vPortable Materials WillBe Stripped Off.Washington. The American warships to be scrapped in compliancewith the terms of the recently ratifiednaval limitation treaty will bring theUnited States less than half of 1per cent on the dollar. The originaloutlay for these vessels was In excess of $500,000,000, while the mostthey are expected to bring when putup for sale as junk is $2,500,000. Theprobability is that the net return willbe considerably less, says Donald, McGregor in the New York World.The very best price warships havebeen bringing at junk sales, this being based on figures from the disposition of vessels at the Philadelphianavy yards recently, is $5 a ton.There are approximately 550,000 tonsof ships to be sold, and, if this pricewere to be maintained, the revenueswould amount to $2,750,000, out ofwhich, of course, is to be paid certaincosts of sale.Rear Admiral David W. Taylor,chief constructor of the navy, Is atthe head of a special board of admirals studying the best means of disposing of the warships. The board isabout ready to make its report, recomrcerding a plan for the disposition ofthe vessels for the best interests ofthe government and In compliancewith the terms of the treaty.Strip Off Pprtables.Under the program which is likelyto be recommended the vessels are tobe stripped of portable furnishings,navigation instruments, guns andsimilar equipment and sold to thehighest bidder. They are not all to beput up at one time not, as might appear on the surface, because of adanger of injuring the junk market,but rather to keep from glutting theship-wrecking market which, in America, is small.Much more time than commonly issupposed is allowed for the disposition of the vessels. The treaty provides that the warships are to be putout of service as such within sixmonths after tfce exchange of ratifications between the powers, and thatafter that a year is allowed for theirfinal breaking up, or, altogether aperiod of 18 months from the time ofthem exchange of ratifications. Justwhen the exchange will take placenobody knows as yet. The recentratification of the naval treaty by theUnited States senate is only a part ofthe procedure. The other signatorypowers Great Britain, Japan, Franceand Italy must notify the Washington government of their ratification,and it must be proclaimed before theperiod for disposing of the warships Isto start.To Junk Twenty-Seven Warships.In a way this Is regarded as fortunate by those charged with the disposition of the warships, because, justat this time, the junk market is at avery low ebb.In all, the United States is to dispose of 27 warships, 16 of which arecompleted and 11 partly built."The navy will, of course, removeall fittings that can be used on othervessels," Rear Admiral Taylor explained. 'Furniture, for instance,will be taken off. Furniture does notlast long at sea, and the navy is buying or Imildlng furniture all the time.All the navigation instruments willbe removed, as will be other instruments of use only aboard battleships.As for stripping the ships much beyond this point, except for the guns,I cannot see how this is advisable."The junk that will come off thevessels will be copper, brass, certainmachinery, such as small engines andmotors; plumbing, which is of highgrade, and a small amount of wood.But more than 60 per cent of everybattleship is steel."The ship-wrecking Industry in theUnited States Is very small. We havenever had many ships to scrap. However, the Navy department is tryingto interest some of the shipbuildingcompanies in the business so that theremay be the greatest possible numberof bidders when the ships are put upfor sale."For your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best adding:machine rolls, and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and abolmtely liatltas. , ;TOT BOURBON NEWS,BOD, BITLEB, STRAPThe following report will interest!many of our readers. It is takenfrom the American, School BoardJournal of June, 1920. We recallthe idiocy of a punishment we oncereceived in a village school wheneleven years old. The teacher wasa man. He was going to have discipline. The first day of school heforbade all whispering. Five minutes after his announcement wewhispered, not maliciously, but having forgotten the new order. Discovered, we were summoned in frontof the school and struck fifteen hardblows on the hand with a heavyleather strap. , Of course nothingbut hate of the bitterst kind wasaroused against the teacher. He wasa fool. We thought so . then, andthink so now. Teachers have -comea long "way since then in knowinghow to deal with children.o7WOMEN CAN DYE OLDFADED TUB NEWIN DIAMOND DYESEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple any woman can dye or tint her worn, shabby dresses, skirts, waists, coats,stockings, sweaters, coverings, draperies, hangings, everything, even ifshe has never dyed before. Buy"Diamond Dyes" no other kindthen perfect home dyeing is surebecause Diamond Dyes are guaranteed not to spot, fade, streak, or run.Tell your druggist whether the material you wish to dye is wool orsilk, or whether it is linen, cottonor mixed goods.tifWFaithful!Xwith 3 f emiineGilletteBlades,PKN PThe"Brownie"-a genuine GilletteThe same fine genuineGillette BladesThe Gillette shaveIf you don't know whatthat means ask yourneighbor!TheBrownieQiUetieGILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO.. Boctoa. U.5.A.Now at all DealersBAT. NOV. 15. 19040UET7o o oNOT TO BE RESHARPENEDNo blades likethe genuineGillette Blades1 4v IX& II-0-. Cruelty in Trapping Animals.One-fourtli of the animals caught bysteel traps are worthless. Fifteen percent escape by chewing off a leg. Manyare eaten by other animals and allsuffer lingering torture. The American Humffhe society offers prizes aggregating $300 for the best essays acquainting the public with this crueltyand showing how It may be remedied.Scientific American.For Your PorchPotted FernsLovely Swinging Fern BasketsJOHN CHRISM AN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near Main Both PhonesPlants That Catch Cold.That trees, like human beings, areliable to catch cold, was a point In ahpaper on "The Relation of Soil to PlantGrowth," read in England at the Surveyors' institution. "Plants respondto changes in environment," said theauthor.oThe soldier who fought in theWorld War once had a job that hewas going to. Now he has one thatis coming to him.Small Chick FeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROMR. F. COLLIERVELOUR FINISH?;d i arrested or merely apprehendedAepeftdm upon his prominence. v :Dogs Chase Fox Seven Days.Pottsville, Pa. Dogs that chased afox seven days, going without foodall that time, were rescued from anisland in the swollen waters of theSchuylkill river near Stony Point recently. The fox had been raiding hencoops in small 'towns. The dogs andfox were in plain sight when thechase started from Fork Mountain.Two days later farmers near Drehrsvllle and Moline heard the chase andtried to shoot the fox, which led thepersistent dogs across the Schuylkill,then leaping to safety on high rocks,but leaving the dogs marooned.Dam Workers Find Meteor.Prineville, Ore. The .crew ,of workmen employed on' the Qchoco damfound what seems without question tobe, a meteor. Th&,Q!ly rot rock isabout five 'feet in diameter and it wasunearthed a short distance 'below .thesorfaee ad' Mown oat by the fee ofpowder. v rv l " "- vjIs Your HouseA Home?The answer is on the wallsfTTALLS are the background ofVV family life. They affect thebeauty, cheer and cleanliness ofevery room.When finished with the soft mellowtints of Devoe Velour Finish (a flatoil paint) walls not only help to makethe things in front of them beautiful,but Jbecome beautiful themselves.And because such "walls are washable, their cleanliness and fresh beautyare easily preserved by the occasionaluse of soap, water and a rag..Devoe Velour Finish can be appliedon any interior wall or ceiling.Devoe Products are time-tested andproven, backed by the 168 years' experience of the oldest paint manufacturingconcernintheU.S. Foundedl754.The J. Te Hinton Co.?. c'AeL;i"y.lt-"""wsBflsjssejSffiP"niA jwfa. m.Ufci!!.. '. "g l&zrpc ,jrrvrlX2?iBWFgKtc 3psP5nra7iy-IL!fcliJMTOsWDAY, MAY i, imTHE BOURBON EWS. PARIS, UENTUCIT.V:MGV SI.VSPH-'""i. v!VSPIRINSAY -"BAYER" when you buy Aspirin.Unless you see name "Bayer" on tablets, you are notgetting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians over 22 years and proved safe by millions forColds HeadacheToothache ' NeuralgiaEarache LumbagoRheumatismNeuritisPain, PainAccept only "Bayer" package which contains proper directions.Handy "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Also bottles of 24 nd 100 Druggists.Aspirin la the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoacetlcacldeater of SallcyllcaclipTHE TOBACCO SITUAHOITThere is nothing especially outstanding in the burley tobacco -situationat this time. The tobacco isnow all in and most of it has beenin for the past two or three weeks.The Marketing Association is placing the tobacco which has not beensold into hogsheads for storage purposes and it is probable that salesof tobacco in hogshead for storagepurposes will be made later on in theseason when the tobacco has gonethrough the "June sweat."The growers appear to be verywell satisfied with the results obtained by the Association up to thistime. At present there are over 55,000 growers in the organization.It is still too early to determinewhat the acreage for the presentseason will be, but it is expectedthat a somewhat larger crop thanlast year will be planted in view ofthe fact that last year's acreage wasbelow the average.Plans for establishing a marketing organization among the dark tobacco growers of western Kentucky,similar to the one in Burley field,are being pushed forward and theinterest seems to be very keen.There is no question but that theproceeds from the sale of last year'stobacco crop have been of great benefit to the farmers of Kentucky, andreports all indicate a decided improvement in business in that part ofthe District..oPAY PART OF IT NOWAIn the old time school the mathematics class felt it had a man's job.when it was wrestling with the division in the arithmetic devoted to"partial payments." It is so in business. "Partial payments" prove tobe big problems. The temptationeomes in the time of general slowingdown to postpone payment of an entire obligation, ofttimes, when thecash to pay all is not easily acceslible. The temptation is not to payat all if we cannot pay all. Butthere never was a more dangerouscourse for business to pursue.If you cannot pay all of that billyou owe, pay part of it. It is thedollar that's moving that helps.The school boy of a generationago found that when he had mastered "partial payments" he had gainedmuch confidence in his own accuracy, his systematic method of work,his ability to stick to a problem until it was solved. It is so with business. Partial payment is the surestmethod of reaching the stage forthe red line and the balancing.The dollar that is started to worknow will do the work of 10 beforeit quits--and come back ready asever for new duties.oPressure Produced Diamonds.In 1905 Sir Andrew Noble explodedcordite in closed steel cylinders andcalculated that he had attained a teraperature of over 5.000 degrees Centigrade and a pressure of 50 tons to thesquare inch. Some of the carbon produced under these conditions as examined by Sir William Crookes, whofound It contained minute dinmonds.A Cock-and-BulI Story.This is the term of an impossibletale, ifany ingenious explanations havebeen suggested, but the phrase reallydates from Matthew Prior (1664-1721)"Cocks and bulls and flutes and fiddles. Idle tales and foolish riddles."oDaily Thought.Truly there is a tide in the affairsf men; but there is no (J:lf Stiejimsetting forever in one d rectum.owH.Pirate Bees.Bandit wild bees invade the tamehives near Grays Harbor, Wash.,and steal and carry away the honeyto their hives in the forest. Morethan one-third of the domestic honeygathered in this district has beenstolen by the ronler bees. The wildbees make their homes in hollowtrunks and cedar trees, where severalswarms work on a community basis.True Friendship in Books.When all that is worldly turns todross around us, books retain theirsteady value. When friends grow cold,and the converse of intimates languishes Into vapid civility and commonplace, these only continue the unaltered countenance of happier days,and cheer us with that true friendshipwhich never deceived hope nor deserted sorrow. Irving.Get Below the Surface.Painting over the white streak onthe old cow's back won't make her arack cow. If you were born with amean disposition, don't try to whitewash it with big promises. Get rightaway down deep in your heart. Thenthe first shower won't wash the whitestreak out. Exchange.K8pwThere Are Many Men In This Townand In The Country HereaboutsWho Will Tell You Thatr Mabley's (Cincinnati) clothing issound and true it isnot loud, but it issmart and fine andit makes a good impression. The qual-ity is actually there.Seasonable Suits for men andyoung men.2G?Jfi yvjth TwsmiEm . at) i iJKBWBm ww&rt.tssssssssKsssssssR Lssssssf' BBBInrsssssssHsslsssssrvo bsssssb h (HKXs3JBSSSSSSSE''!ai9BBSSSSSSr SBsIJvGsHbIbssssbBbsshIISbsw rftssslsssssssssssissssVr'''"S.SSSSSSST vBBSSSflSBSBSSSSsBBxr!F$25 $30 $35Any man can talk about himself.Any store can advertise good clothing.But, just the same, "Talk's Cheap."The man must produce and theclothes must prove themselves, orthe story ends right there.Mabley's Have Served Men For 45 Years.You are always welcome use our rest rooms, reading and writ-;ing rooms; check your hand baggage make yourself at home.9teffablei and (anew (aClNCHWATt'S GREATEST STOftS. rOVftS !?CINCINNATI, OHIOBRAILLE TYPEHOST POPULARWork of Schools for the Blind IsSimplified by Adoption ofUniform System.DOTS TAKE PLAGE OF LINES-FINEST CANEflr:J ' IN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYmr4?Enables Blind' to Receive TrainingThrough Which They May BecomeSIf-SupportIng Many Books" Published.New York. The Braille system ofembossed type has now been adoptedbf all schools for the blind In thiscountry, and since 1919 no new bookhas been embossed in any other type.Dozens of embossed types for readingby the finger have been designedfrom time to time; the first practicalone was devised in France 136 yearsago by Valentin Hauy. Three systems retained popularity for manyyears, but as this made it necessaryfor the blind to learn three differenttypes, the leading educators of thecountry decided to make one systemuniversal, and unanimously decidedon the Braille.Much ingenuity, effort and moneyhave been expended in devising thesesystems to enable the blind to readand receive training through whichthey may become self-supporting. Allmay be divided into two groupsthose composed of lines and thosecomposed of points. In general theline types, which came first, were imitations of characters that had sur,jvived as best adapted to reading bythe eye.The point types, the characters ofwhich are merely different arrangements and numbers of similar pointsor dots, represent arbitrary systemsjiistified both as being generally moretangible than the lines, and as beingwritable as well as readable by theblind themselves. The point systemshave gradually driven out the linetypes, with the exception of the Moontype, which is so large and coarsethat anybody having the least patience can learn to read with thefinger.Agreed on a Midway Type.The type adopted is called the Revised Braille, 1, as the Britishhave been using this type in twoforms, one in full spelling and otherhighly contracted with many arbitrary abbreviations. As textbooksand literature should be models ofgood usage, the leading educators ofthe blind in this country agreed ona type between the two. This American grade Is a simplified type and canbe read by anyone who knows eithertype.The music notations for the blindare now the same everywhere, as arethe mathematical and the chemicalnotations wherever English is used. Inthis way duplication of scores andtables may be avoided through international exchange. Already 208 different books have been published inthis 'uniform type,The printing of embossed books forthe blind began with the founding ofthe first school in this country in 1830.Books were made as funds were available until 1879, when congress grantedthe American Printing House for theBlind at Louisville an annual subsidyof $10,000. This house at once became the greatest producer of itskind in the world, and continued to besuch into the present century, whenthe number of blind pupils in theschools drawing upon this source forbooks had more than doubled.The cost of production and the increase in demand eventually made theoutput of this house insufficient, andin the emergency several of theschools put up emergency printingpresses and assisted one another. Oneendowed i enterpr're set about manufacturing writing appliances andtable games for the blind and sellingthem at less than cost. In 1919; however, congress increased its.grant tothe American Printing House from$10,000 to $50,000, which made possible the enlargement and improvement of the plant .and the increase inthe number of books to each school.Spreading Knowledge.In a report on the work to educatethe blind and distribute books amongthem, Edgar E. Allen, director of thePerkins institute and MassachusettsSchool for the Blind, writes:"Most schools are glad to circulatetheir embossed books beyond theirown pupils and do so as far as theycan, But the reading hunger of theblind outside of institutions is chieflysatisfied by circulating libraries located here and there throughout thecountry. Libraries and schools interested have collected much literature,and some authors have been inducedto meet the cost of publishing a bookor two in Braille."By far the largest number of blindand partly blind pupils in the UnitedStates, as elsewhere, attend the residential schools commonly called institutions. There are now 45 suchSchools, with a total attendance ofabout 5,000. The day-school movement started in Chicago consideredall its pupils blind, and taught themas such for years until in a few citiescertain of the semi-blind were segregated and taught as semi-sighted pupils, chiefly through the eye Insteadof the fingers."The movement for such segregation Is scientifically correct, and represents a great educational advanceIn the proper methods of reachingchildren not suffering from blindnessLEVYsThe Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGf9sIKIIXIXIXIXIXIXIIXBXiIXSslXiVAXIXssWBourbon Laundry jDAVIS & -FUNK. Proorietors ITelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliance Iand expert helpers we are 2prepared to do work infe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage. IXThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyIX!IXXiI M H II M 1 1 1 1 "W"I ! I "M f n 1 II 1 1 f I MGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 2BO&fniFive-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station messages isFIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or less.USE HOME LONG DISTANCEParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedVic?Which Daily Paper?A Question That is Quickly and Readily AnsweredThe Courier-JournalLargest Morning Circulationof Any Kentucky Newspaper.1&&iEnjoys a nation-wide prestige and reputation. Jt isessentially a newspaper, intent upon giving news matterfirst consideration.Maintains its own "news bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of theJAssociated Press.With important legislation coming before Congress andthe Kentucky General Assembly in 1922, the CourierJournal is the daily newspaper you will need.By special arrangements we are now able to offerThe Daily Courier-JournalANDt The Bourbon NewsBOTH ONE YEAR (fe C J-rvBY MAIL FOR ONLY D.DJThis offer applies to renewals as well as new subscriptions, but only to people living in Kentucky, Tennessee or Indiana. New subscribers may, if desired,start at a later date, and renewals will date from expiration of present ones.If you prefer an evening newspaper, you may tub-stitute The Louisville Times for The Courier-Journal.tSend or bring' your orders to the office ofTHEBOURBON tiEWS. - -f J-s..but from seriously def ectiye eyed at." Iiu. ' '1 - A-l p.r-KVV?vv )'.v. .v .v.-t.t'..3tPAGE EIGHTTHE. BOURBON NSW3T PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MAT If, li.ggggsr' ' p ' -TONIGHT-GRAND OPERA HOUSE -TONIGHTEARL FULLER himselfand His Famous New York Jazz OrchestraWith MISS VI SHAFFER queen of "blue" singersWhat You've Waited For Earl Fuller, the Man From Rector's, and His Marvelous Jazz Band in Syncopated MelodiesHighest Paid Musical Act Ever Seen in a Picture Theatrehi ;v- Irte ' ;it'K-- ,.Mir..,-vi0iaHIS BROTHERnFEATURE PICTURE PROGRAM IN CONNECTION WITH THE ABOVE5 tffe IfPPnPAM With RndAr Lvttnn. Martha ManefioM"and Gladden JamesALSO "MIRACLES OF THE JUNGLE" AND SNUB POLLARD COMEDYnccrcftrVYIWTt? "FT A"PT V AND AT ABSOLUTELY NO ADVANCE IN PRICES PfYMTT "FT A "PT VVVylYxJ-L I2jJr.JS.JL A Adults 27c plu 3c war tax-30c; Children .1 8c plus 2c war tax-20c VVlVli- JjZTLJXJ- XMILLERSBURGInteresting News Items From Bourbon Comity's College TownMrs. B. W. Wood is visitingrelatives in Maysville.Mrs. Sidney Turner, of Mt..Sterling, is visiting Mrs. E. H. Kerr.Mrs. G-. W. Nutter is visitingher son, Eugene Nutter, in Louisville. Mrs. Helen Forsyth, of Paris, isvisiting her sister, Mrs. MaryWhaley.Miss Cordie Lawrence, ofGeorgetown, is visiting her sister,Mrs. J. W. Lancaster.Mrs. Emma Berry has returnedfrom an extended visit with relatives in Nicholas county.Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Judy, ofGeorgetown, were guests of Mr. and--Mrs. J. Br Cray, Sunday.Mrs. Lysle Buffington has returned to her home in Columbus, 0.,after a visit with her sister, Mrs.Allie Miller.f The game of baseball Thursdayafternoon between Millersburg Mili-tillwWWVCITFORMGabardineSuitsIn ths Latest Colors in theNew Sport Models$25.00 $32.50$30.00 $35.00A look will please you.STRAW HATSin the new shapes andcolors$2.00$2.50$3.00$4.00Leghorns andPanamas$5.00$6.00$5.00Price & Co.Clothierstary Institute and Versailles resulted in a score of 8 to 6 in favorof M. M. I.Mr. J. S. Judy and Mr. Thompson, wife and daughter, of Indianapolis, and Mr. and Mrs. HenryJudy, of Paris, "were pleasant callershere Sunday.Mr. Dr P. Jones received a telegram Saturday from Crockett Bluff,Ark., announcing the death of Mrs.Jones' sister, Mrs. W. S. Herring.Mrs. Jones was at her bedside whenthe end came.Mrs. Tom Stone entertained thefollowing with a six-o'clock dinnerFriday evening: Prof, and Mrs. J.W. Lancaster, Prof, and Mrs. Russell Jones, Mrs. Bedford, MissesMary Vanmeter, Hazel Kerr, Elizabeth Rice, Nannie Clarke, JessieCrisp, Lina Crowe and Flora Jordan.Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel,Mr.and Mrs. Monroe Leer and Mrs.Bettie Shephard attended the burial of R. M. Collier, County Judgeof Harrison county, last Wednesday,at Cynthiana. Judge Collier was abrothec of J. M. Collier, formerly ofthis place, who died several yearsago.The Cadets of Millersburg Military Institute will give a lawn feteThursday night, May 18. Their reception, which was to have beengiven in the early spring,was postponed on account of the influenza epidemic. Those who received invitations to the receptionare asked to attend the fete withoutfurther notice.Dr. F.W. Eberbardt, pastor ofehe Georgatown Baptist church, delivered the baccalaureate sermon tothe High School graduates Sundayevening. His message was thoroughly 'interesting and instructive,and enjoyed by all who had thepleasure of hearing him. Specialmusic was a feature of the eveningand deserves special mention.The following from the Eighthgrade of the High School went toParis Friday and Saturday and tookthe County High School examination: Misses Frances Howard, SueBascom, Maud Dennis, Anna MayRobertson, Katherine Vaught Judy,Mary Louise McMahan, ThelmaWagoner; Messrs. J. D. Letton,Dunlap Saunders, Marion Johnsonand Kidder Lake.Opera House, Millersburg,Thursday and Friday, May 18-19.Thursday, 7:45 p. m., Friday matinee only, 2 p. m., a Wm. Fox proDEATHSlife Is But A Brief Span, A Debt, at All Must PayFREEMAN.Dr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, received a telegram from Okmulgee,Okla., Friday, advising him 'of thedeath there of his niece, Mrs. Virginia Saulsbury Freeman. Mrs.Freeman had been a frequent visitorhere at the home of Dr. and Mrs.Dailey, and was well-known to manyParis people. The funeral and interment took place at Okmulgee.PTJPlLS ATTEND LATIN TOUBNA-' Senior Class, Josephine Ewalt. NorthMENTJMiddletown Freshman Class, HughEvans and Samuel Talbott; Sophomore Class, Charles C. Clarke, Jr.;Junior Class, W. A. Thomason, Jr.500-The State High School LatinTournament, held in Winchester,Saturday under the joint auspices ofthe Kentucky Wesleyan College, theClark County High School and theWinchester City School, was attended by seventy-four contestants andtwentv teachers. Four mrrmpririvAexaminations were given, one for!in ,the 500'mi international sweep-EETD WILL NOT RACE INMILE AUTO CONTESTWallace Reid, motion picture star,will not drive the automobile he hasfreshmen, one for sophomores, oneMAYSVILLE HAS CHAMPIONBOOSTER STORYOn the farm of Mark Carrigan,near the mouth of Brush Creek,Mason county, a rooster in thefront yard, which was in the actof crowing, -according to witnesses,was struck by lightning. Everyfeather was removed .from his body.The bolt upheaved a large hole wherethe fowl stood.OWENLew Wallace Owen, 55 yearsold, actor, died at the home of hisbrother, Cliff Owen, on the MuddyCreek pike, near' Winchester, afteran illness of ewelve months.Mr. Owen spent the last ten ortwelve years in New York and thelarger cities playing leading roles insuch plays as "Way Down ,East"and "The Old Homestead." Mr.Owen was named for General LewWallace.Funeral services were held Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock, at thehome and interement was made inthe family lot on the Owen farm.The services were conducted by Rev.G. W. Banks, of the First Methodistchurch.The pall-bearers were: Dr. Ernest Cole, Dr. C. H. Rees, Curtis Adams, C. H. Bowen, J. L. Stewart andW. T. Poynter.stakes race to be run at the Indian-.ea, untj .for Juniors and one for Seniors. , r muLU1 0Pe"wa ay ou, itThe following schools were repre- Decame nown recently, -rue reasented: Paris, North Middletown, !son &Ym was that the holders of hisRichmond, Carrollton, Danville, ! long term movinS Picture contractCatlettsbur. Ashland. Versailles, 'refused to permit him to compete.w.ii00tOr pi,vu tt Ac.u . Reid's withdrawal was announced-Flemingsburg, Berea, Lexington, j baturaav-Pikeville, Somerset, Eminence andNew Castle. I.The Paris and North Middletown Uncle Sam is dissatisfied with theschools were represented as follows: , amount of income tax he collectedParis Freshman Class, Russell Ad- this year. Uncle Sam is almost asams; Sophomore Class, Margaret hard to satisfy as are those he perSanten; Junior Class, Edgar HiU; sonifies.IN NEW POSITIONMr. and Mrs. A. B. Wadill and"daughter will move to Louisville today to make that city their futurehome. Mr. Wadill has resigned hisposition with the local plant of-TheLiggett & Myers Tobacco Company,and has accepted a position asspecial agent for the NorthwesternMutual Life Insurance Company, under the general agency of C. P. Rodman, at Louisville.COHENJohn'F. Cohen, 54 years old, fprmany years Louisville hotel clerk,shot himself through the temple in ia hotel in Louisville, leaving a notesaying that his act was caused by"myVwn weakness." He died withina few minutes.It was said by his friends thatMr. Cohen had been brooding overthe case of his brother, CharlesCohen, who is to be tried a secondtime in Lexington, June 5, for shooting and wounding Joseph W. Porter.Besides Charles Cohen, Mr. Cohenis survived by his widow, who wasformerly Miss Ruth Barnett, ofParis, and another brother, Matt S.Cohen, former State Commissioner ofAgriculture.Clark Barnett, of Paris,- brother-BIRTHSduction, "The Lost Trail," adapted in-law or Mr. uonen, auenaea mefrom Zane Grey's celebrated novel of funeral, which was held in Versaillessame name. Biggest Western photo Saturday morning. Services weredrama ever made. Admission 10c conducted at the grave in the Verand 20 c. , sailles Cemetery by Rev. W. J. Shel-Friday night, 8 p. m., play by Ca- burne, of Versailles, and Rev, S. M.Bets of M. M. L, "Good Evening, Logan, of Midway.Clarice." Admission 25c and 50c. jSaturday, May 20, a Wm. Fox pro- j ASHURST ?duction, "Play Square," a 20th Cen-j Miss Mary Ann Ashurst, agedturv production, starring Edna Mur- seventy eisht. died Wednesday afphy and John Walsh. jternoon at the home of her t sister,Mrs. W. G. Aker, on East Maxwellstreet, in Lexington, after an illnessof more than a year.Miss Ashurst was the daughter ofMr. and Mrs. John K. Ashurst, and.Mr nnd Mrs. Charles L. Davis was born and reared in Bourbonare welcoming a little daughter at 'county. 'She is survived by one sistheir home on Pleasant street. Mr. Iter, Mrs. W. G. Aker, a niece, MissDavis is .pharmacist at the Roche Sadie Aker, a nephew, E. R. Aker,Drug Store. of Lexington, and several nephewsMr. and Mrs. Cal Slade are the and nieces in Bourbon county. Missproud parents of twin boys born at Ashurst was a descendant of, one ofthe family home on the Clintonville Bourbon county's oldest families.,farmer owns a Jersey cow with a The body was brought to Parisformerly Miss Otis, of near Hutch-' where the funeral was held Saturdayison. ' afternoon at three o'clock, with ser,--Mr. and Mrs. James Edward, vices conducted at the grave in theCantrill, of Washington, D. C, have Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E Ellis,sent out cards - announcing the ar- pastor of the Paris Christian church,rival of their daughter, Miss Vir- The honorary pall-bearers, were W. S.ginia Aswell Cantrill, who was born ' Jones, Charles Clarke, J. W. Young,May 4, at Washington. A tiny card J. W. Young, Jr., T. J.: Redmon andengraved with the name and .date G. W. Redmon; active, E. R. Ashof the royally welcomed little girl urst, ,JoKn Ashurst, Clarence Ashis tied withA white ribbon to the mrst, Sol Redmon, Castle Red'on andYOU PROFITWhen You Buy at this Economy StoreNX .,:(3ss-i? SfewvL7 "j "Vv.W?,f-&'csWe save thousands ofdollars every season to theshoe buying public of Parisand vicinity. Come andsee the amazing SpecialValues we have on sale.Quality Footwear at economy prices.V. MJm WB11V1Hk-$THIS WEEK'S BARGAINSAT PARIS' GREATEST SHOE STORELadies' dainty Spring Slippers underpriced.WHY PAY MORE? Save the difference inprice. All new styles in Satin. Tan andPatent, Special ,S2.99I!Ladies' Beautiful Spring Fbotwear that combine style and quality at one-third less inprice. wonderful selection. SpecialS3.95Ladies and Growing Girls' Tan Oxfords andBlack Slippers. Special$1.99Special Values in White FootwearMen's New Spring Oxfords and Shoes, allnew styles, a wonderful selection, $6.00values. SpecialS3.95Buy a pair of Tan Elk Work Shoes,for wear at this saving. Social-Great$1.85Misses' and Children's Newest Patent Slippers, $(0 .values, at$2.19 and $1.99Misses' andvalues at ,Children's Slippers, $3.00.$1.99 and $1.49DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Rciicard oi uer paxeuus. , - .Tj.ttouwv.w. j xj 1 i. . Trr.n. WoriTTlATl i ,' -?- ' X - X ' 'X-$' i r if - 'Z . '5 s.Av ?$;l ' .mi m if ii ii iipii'.,ih.ilV.mt iJlWMylMfeV""53-fiirrs?"s'gT j tSmMitii'mrnr""Z?