Tifc BOURBON NRVS MiM&;tn --.i-S Z 'Ag.. .-s42i; . vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAH.j?VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY. AUGUST 18, 1922kmi"iuQmEnsZe-& S"DOINS" FOE THE BOOSTEBIMP, AUG. 30.Ladies of the Presbyterian churchof Millersburgr announce the following menu to he served the Boosterson August 30th:Fried Chicken Country HamDressed EggsSandwiches RollsPickles Iced TeaPieThe list of merchants who are totake part in the Booster Trip growsdaily. To date ninety-one firms arerepresented among the Boosters:Paris Home Telephone Company,A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co., A. J.Winters Co., Windsor Hotel, J. S.Wilson & Bro., Paris Banking Company, Shire & Fithian, Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Company, ParisBilliard Company, Frank & Co., Dailey & McMillan, Ardery Drug Company, C. B. Mitchell, Blue Grass CafeWorick Bros., Logan Howard, S. W.Shively & Son, R. P. Walsh, TheLeader, Inc., Roches' Drug Store, C.P. Cook & Co., John Christman Co.,Paris Monument Works, F. S. As"bury & Co., Bourbon Lumber Co.,Mansfield & Jefferson Lumber Co., J.H. Moreland, L. Oberdor.fer, WhiteFront Garage, Samuel Kerslake &Son, R. F. Collier, F. L. Hudson, H.& H. Poultry Co., Dr. S. P. Mohney,Stewart & Gravitt, Kentuckian-Cit-izen,Ruggles Motor Company, Woodford & Clark, Molar McVey, PearcePaton, David Cline, Wade Whitley,Bourbon Agricultural Bank, 0. T.Hinton, First National Bank, Raymond Connell, J. J. Williams, ParisGas & Electric Company, CahalBrothers, Brooks & Snapp, 0. B.Smith, Harry Linville, J. W. Davis& Co., Harris, Speakes & Harris,Phillips Meat Market;" Baldwin Bros.,Farmers & Traders Bank, I. W.Bush, Price & Co., Chas. Goldstein,Piggly-Wiggly, Tom Longo, Shinners & Woods, J. Bennett Tarr, Drury Bakery, Farmers Supply Company, Kenney Motor Company, Bourbon Laundry, E. B. January, The J.T. Hinton Company, E. F. Spears &Sons, John Merringer, T. W. Spicer,J. B. Geis, Geo. R. Davis, Kane Bros.,vRoy Clendenin, Brent & Co., LouisFee, Drs. Daugherty & Orr, PosnerBros., Wollstein Bros., Paris IceMfg. Co., Mrs. Mayme Parker, KressStore, C. L. McDaniel, BOURBONNEWS, David Feld, CumberlandTelephone Company, Paris Book Co.and B. Friedman.Any merchant or other person whohas been overlooked by the solicitingcommitte, or to Harold Harris,ed to join in on the trip, is requested to hand in their name and fee to'THE PRIDEr;. "v-cA CLEAN-UP OFALL SUMMER.tAPPAREL AT ATHIRD AND HALFREGULAR PRICES'ADEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYiBOY KILLED IN QUABBY CAVE-INWhile engaged at work for thecounty on road work on the Georgetown pike, near Centerville, Wednesday, Ruby Cooper, aged seventeen,sustained internal injuries which resulted in his death later at the Mas-sie Memorial Hospital, where he wastaken immediately after the accident. Young Cooper was working in alarge culvert which was being put inwhen he was caught in a cave-in ofthe walls, being covered underneathtwo tons of rock and dirt. He wastaken out by workmen, and hurriedto the Massie Memorial Hospital,where he died yesterday morning.Young Cooper was a son of Mr.and Mrs. Emery Cooper, formerly ofRobertson county, the family moving to Bourbon county some monthsago. He had been in the employ ofthe county for some time. Besideshis parents, he is survived by onesister and five brothers.The funeral will be held at 2:30o'clock this (Friday) afternoon,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Rev. C. H.Greer, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch.REAL ESTATE DEALSAt Lexington, Wednesday, theDepartment of Public Works granted a permit to Judge and Mrs. Harmon Stitt, formerly of Paris, to remodel their residence at 470 Rosestreet.Many times Tanlac has donewhat was thought to be impossible.It's worth your trial. Tanlac issold by all good druggists, (adv)Charles Green, Barnett Winters, J.J. Veatch, Clyde Huffman, of thecommittee, or to Barnett Winnters,of the Commercial Club, before theend of the week.The itinerary of the trip is beingworked out with the advice of Catesby Spears, chairman of the BourbonCounty Road Commission, in an effort to route the boosters over asmuch of the good road as possible.Owners of automobiles in Bourboncounty and Paris are requested tovolunteer the use of their cars forAugust 30, to chairman Wm. O. Hin- jton, of the Transportation Commit-tee. A prompt offer of cars to Mr.Hinton will help to solve the matterof providing transportationOF PARIS"PEES. PATTEESON, K. U. HEADIS DEADDr. James Kennedy Patterson,President Emeritus of the Universityof Kentucky, died at 4:10 o'clockTuesday afternoon at his home onthe University campusHe was inhis ninetieth year.Dr. Patterson was credited withbeing the dean of American collegepresidents in length of service asthe head of one institution.He became president of the University of Kentucky in 1869 andcontinued at the helm until 1910through forty-one years of historymaking achivements for the University. While Dr. Patterson had been infeeble health for the past severalyears, he was as well as usual untilFriday of last week, when he wastaken seriously ill. He grew steadily worse until tne end came Tuesday afternoon.The immediate cause of his deathwas hardening of the arteries, an affliction which had been developingfor the past Several years, it wassaid. He was seriously ill last Mayj ana it was thought for a time thathe would not recover, but he ralliedfrom that illness.Dr. Patterson was born in Glasgow, Scotland, on March 26, 1833,the eldest of six children of Andrewand Janet Kennedy Patterson, sturdy Scotch Presbyterians. His fatherwas a .calico printer by occupation.In 1842 he came to America withhis parents and settled in Bartholonew county, Ind., then a little morethan a wilderness. The . nearestschool was at Madison, forty milesaway, which he attended for twoyears and then, at the age of 17, hebegan upon his career as a teacher.He was principal of the GreenvillePresbyterian Academy, Muhlenburgcounty, Ky., from 1856-59, professorof Latin and Greek at Stewart College, now Southwestern University,Clarksville, Tenn., 1860-61; principal of the Transylvania high school.1861-65, and from 1865-69 he wasprofessor of Latin, civil history andmetaphysics at Kentucky University,now Translvania College.In 1869 Dr. Patterson becamepresident of the old Agriculturaland Mechanical College, now theUniversity of Kentucky, and servedas the head of that institution longer than any man has ever held thepresidential chair in any -college 'ortmiversitv in the united States.when he resigned in 1910, feelingL. , .. aetive work was at an eQ(ihe was made president emeritusofthe University.Funeral services will be held atthe residence this (Friday) afternoonn at 3:30 o'clock. The Rev.Edwin Muller, pastor of the PresbyI'terian church in Camden, S. C, andformer pastor of the First Presby-terian church in Camden, S. C, and.former pastor of the First Presbyterian church in Lexington, of whichDr. Patterson was a member, will' come from Camden to officiate at thefuneral service. Dr. Patterson'sbody will be laid to rest in a mausoleum in the Lexington CemeteryThe list of pall-bearers has not "yetibeen announced, but it is -expectedthat it will contain the names ofprominent Kentuckians who wereI friends of Dr. Patterson.DOG BITES BOYRobert Cahal, son of AndersonCahal, was severely bitten on the leg'and face by a bull dog said to be-'long to a man named Lavin, resid-' ing on the Longo farm, near Paris., Young Cahal had gone to the farm'early in the morning to assist Mr.'Longo 'in gathering a crop of plums.The dog, which had previously beenconfined in the home during the day,in some way got loose, and rushingout, sank his teeth in young Cahal'sleg and face.I Farm hands beat the dog off, andword was sent to Paris. Dr. A. H.Keller and Mr. Cahal came out andtook the injured lad to Lexington,where a consultation was held withother physicians. It was decided towithhold treatment for a time, whilethe dog was being kept under surveillance. ELECTION COMMISSIONERS TOMEET T0-M0KR0WThe State Election Commissionmet at Frankfort Tuesday, to namecounty election commissioners, butowing to incomplete lists recesseduntil Saturday morning, at whichtime the boad will canvass the returns of the August primary. Dr.J. B. Stout, of Denville, Democrat,and J. M. Perkins, of Frankfort,fort, Republican, the new membersof the board, attended the meeting'which was held in the office of RoySpeck, clerk of the Court of Appeals,who is ex-officio chairmanboard. 'of .theoDon't wait until your horse isstolen before locking the barn door.Protect your health now, by takingTaniac. Tanlac -ia sold by-all gooddrugffistt. -". - j rfHARDMAN AND FOX HELD WITHOUT BAILThe examining 'tril of ScobeeHardman, formerly of Austerlitz,this county, charged with the murder of Leon Renaker, in Winchester,several weeks ago, was held in Winchester, Wednesday. The defense offered no testimony. After the prosecution had closed the case for theCommonwealth Judge J. SmithHayes, attorney for the defense,spoke briefly, stating that most ofthe testimony that had been offeredin the hearing was merely gossip,and that no real evidence had beenproduced that would incriminateHardman. At the conclusion of thetrial Judge H. C. Scrivener heldHardman to the September grandjury without bail.The arrest of Reese Fox, who isalleged to have been Hardman'scompanion on the night of the murder, was another phase of the matterthat developed. Reese Fox was arrested on a warrant sworn out byWalter Renaker, brother of the murdered man, after Hardin Smith, aferryman, testified that was one ofthe two men, his belief being thatFox was the other, who had crossedthe river at Boonesboro on his ferrythe night of the murder. Fox wasalso held without bail to the September grand jury.Emory Kimbell, of Bourbon couney, brother of Hardman's divorcedwife, stated that he had been withMrs. Douglas and that Hardman hadbeen with Mrs. Renaker in the Austerlitz neighborhood about a yearago. Kimbell stated that Hardmanhad remarked to him on one occasion that to kill a man was nothing. He declared that Hardman hadsaid it would be easy to rob thebank at Clintonville, and that a manwas a fool to work. Kimball alsotestified that Hardman told him thathe liked Mrs. Renaker, but did nothave any use for Mr. Renaker, andhe did not see how he was going toget around it.Dan Smith and Mr. Haley, ofBourbon, testified that they hadseen Mrs. Douglas, Mrs. Renaker,Hardman and Kinmball together ona road near Austerlitz, within thelast year.Judge Scobee on Wednesday nightissued an order that no one butmembers of his family and attorneysmight see Fox except in companywith Jailer Carroll Azbill.The order as issued as a resultof a reputed communication betweenHardman and Fox, through an alleged "industrious friend," who isclaimed to have visited the cells ofeach several times in the late afternoon and night Wednesday.Fox proclaims his innocence.WHITE FRONT GARAGE CHANGESOWNERSHIPBy a deal recently completedOwen Gibson, who has been operating the High Street Motor Co., inthis city, for the past year, has purchased the stock and equipment ofthe White Front Garage, on Mainstreet, and will take possession aboutthe first of September.Mr. Gibson contemplates makingextensive improvements. A newfront will' be put in, and an attractive show room for display purposeswill be added. Mr. Gibson will combine the stock of the High StreetMotor Co., with that of the WhiteFront Garage, and the business willin the future be conducted under thefirm name of The Gibson Garage.o-PICTUEE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Friday, August 18 TomWise, in "Father Tom;" all starcast, in "Anne of Little Smoky."To-morrow, Saturday, August 9Grace Darmond, in "Handle WithCare;" Pathe News; Al St. John, inComedy, "Fast and Furious."Monday, August 21 William Foxpresents the great mother picture"Over the Hill." Added attractionfor Monday night, ad all the week,"The Harmony Quintette," 'an entertaining musical feature at eachperformance.PARIS WOMAN ACTS ASSAMARITANGOODMrs. Allison Holland, of Lexington, who went for a trip to Europewith the Monroe party, suffered anaccident about three weeks ago atMunich and was compelled to remain at the hospital there. The party had gone to Munich, after seeingthe Passion Play at Oberammergau,and while hurrying to catch a carMrs. Holland fell on the street,fracturing her leg. She was takento a hospital and Miss JosephineHayden, of Paris, remamea inMunich with her, the rest of theparty having to continue on theirtravels according to tne scneauie.Mrs. Holland is getting alongmost favorably, as reported by letters received by Mr. Holland, andhe cabled her on Wednesday to goo with her trip.wb.en able to .travelawtL tour Italy and Franca as atfirst plam&td. , - -i .NEWS OF THE C0UET&In the County Court the last willand testament of James B. Stivers.deceased, for many years engaged in(the lumber business in Paris, wasadmitted to probate. The instrument, which bore date of March 22,1921, was witnessed by BucknerWoodford and Bernard J. Santen.By terms of his will Mr. Stiversdisposed of an estate valued at between $35,000 and '$40,000. Thesum of $1,000 each is left to his sisters, Mrs. A. L. Burley and Mrs. Lil-lie S. Keal, both of Paris. The remainder of his estate was bequeathed to his widow, Mrs. Margaret C.Stivers.Mrs. Stivers was named as executrix. The testator asked that theCourt require no bond or inventoryof the estate. Mrs. Stivers acceptedthe trust and qualified as executrixIn the County Court, Judge Batterton heard the case of RobertHarney, one of the striking railroad,shopmen, charged with drawing aknife on Carney Kenton, strikebreaker, Sunday night during an argument on Twentieth street. Afterhearing the testimony, Judge Batterton assessed a fine of $20 andcosts against Harney, on charges ofbreach of peace and using insultinglanguage. Kenton was also placed'under arrest at the same time, onthe charge of having in his possession a concealed deadly weapon, apistol, which he was alleged to havedrawn on Harney after the latterhad drawn a knife. Kenton washeld to the grand jury at the nextterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court,in the sum of $100.In the Police Court Dr. J. S. Wallingford, Paris physician, was presented on a charge of breach of thepeace, and was fined $15 and costs,and a jail sentence of thirty days.The jail sentence was ordered suspended conditional upon a promiseof good behaivior in the future. Dr.Wallingford was charged with having abused and mistreated his wife.He was placed under arrest by Chiefof Police Link and Patrolmen Hilland Judy, Monday night, and placedin the Paris jail, from where he wasreleased at midnight on bond signedby friends.The examining trial of Wm. Whaley, charged with malicious cutting,was held before County Judge Geo.Batterton, in the County Court Tuesday afternoon, and resulted in thecase being dismissed. In a disputeat the First National Bank Mondaybetween Whaley and Wm. Scott,FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFINALCLEARANCEOFSpringand Summer"'cApparelRegardless, of Cost orFormer Selling PricesKRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSTHE PRESBYTERIAN EDUCATIONAL MOVEMENTStatewide support in the Presbyterian movement for Chrjstiam education is promised notu oalyj? by tfc35,000 Presbyterians of Kentacky,but by many friends of the ditrlfinstitutions to benefit by thisment, acccorcung to announcereceived here from S. W. McGill, dt-rrector of the work. "We find," saidMr. McGill, "that there are maayvnot even members of our churca,who are vitally interested in Christian education and want to sea ourmovement succeed. In additiomthere are many former students ofCentre and Kentucky College for Wovmen scattered throughout the Statewho have written us for somethingto do to help. This is especiallytrue of the Centre men who havlearned that in addition to the$300,000 to be given them out of tht$1,000,000 to be raised, the GeneralEducation Board of New York haspromised $2.00,000, provided the $1,000,000 is given by the end of thyear. That, of course, means agreat deal to that institution."Some interesting- statistics havbeen prepared showing the strength.of Presbyterianism in KentuckyThere are 20,207 members of thSouthern church and 14,315 members of the Northern branch, maleing a total of about 34,000. Therare 192 ministers, 1,281 elders 1,-142 deacons, and 299 churches in.the State. Both branches of thchurch are united in the preaeatcampaign under the control of aunited commission.WELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)bank janiter, Whaley cut Scotttwice. At the trial Tuesday afternoon Whaley testified that Scott hadmade a motion as if to strike him,and that he had acted in self-defense.The last will and testament ofthe late George Broderick, who diedrecently in Paris, was filed for record Tuesday in the County Clerkoffice. Mr. Broderick's estate, valued at over $25,000, is left to hiswidow, Mrs. Mary F. Broderick, whowas named at executrix. Mrs. Broderick accepted the trust and qualified for the position.ALLaa --.PAGE TWOTHE BOPltBOMf .JJBLWS, PARI.ENTUCyYiFRIDAY, AUGUST. 18, 1122THE BOURBON NEWS;PfUHitked 18f-i41 Years of Continuous PublicationJihlished Every Tuesday and FridayFar Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.iWHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(atered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)'OUB EOEEIGN EEPEESENTATIVES. Hew York American Press Asso-tiatiou.Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertoch for first time; 50 cents per inch-each subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per line.each issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, -each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts." The right' of publisher is reservedto decline-- any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columns-of THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSMary had a little lambWhich used to make us laugh;But now we do not care a rapWe'd know her by her calf!So many newspapers now "coverthe country like the dew," that weshudder to think what would hap--pen" if there should be a sudden-.frost in the air.A Gulf States real estate agentwho could not talk Southern realestate to homeseekers from the"States where coal or natural gasmust be burned from October untilMay must be as dumb as the Indian'who used to stand before the cigar- fitorestThe Asheville, N. C, local of theAmerican Federation of Music has"banned jazz "in behalf of bettermusic." How anyone able to play amusical instrument and familiarwith music has managed to standjazz up to this time puzzles many aman who could not play "Old DanTucker" on a jewsharp.A Louisville paper reports fashionable women of Fourth Avenue asscreaming with horror when theyi saw an automobile run over a saw-dust baby. Well, even in France,"Where race suicide is the terror oft army officers and statesmen, the wov:znen still know a baby when they.-see one.A big watermelon looks finetjlnd it is hard to lugj But you may be deceived3f you judge it by the plug.Oh,I like jthe little flapperAs she'iftddles down the' streetsitb. her little sawed-off wrapperAMd her sandals nice and neat.-.She'g a bridle and a sweateri:and her skirt is rather high;TvBut I've never seen 'em betterllAs a tonic for the eye."The word "flapper" has been inuse in England for close on -twocenturies. The term originally implied young ducks not able to fly.Early in the eighteenth centurygrowing girls were first called-"flappers" from a fancied resemblance to young ducks. Those we seeon the streets of Paris seem well,,ble to paddle along.Nowadays the cream sauce is" made of milk from the cocoanut.cow, the molten copper in the girl'sgleaming hair is from the beautyparlor and drug store, the poll hairis from the drug store, there is atendency to scoff at good old-time"religion, and labor and capital arewwaging war unscrupulously, but the-moonshine retains the flavor of theolden days and life is not an emptywdream.Xentuckians may applaud Governor Morrow's statement that they-will get their coal first, but thereshould be a little sympathy for thewidely-scattered domestic consumers in Michigan, Minnesota and oth-r Northern Sf-ntps in whinn ptoptiiM. win o , iBWTW nMl 0VSUU. LU1U l,u guiu CUJ.U.scarlet, and in which the deep4wows will prevent coal deliveriest wkem the warmth of Indian summeras not departed from Kentucky.xe IfliKUlCtesL, i&. fuCusual, preparjt-to-"kor ererytking in sight.jrheei aaythimc WQ Lxisgto nis rignt on the map. Now comesalong Weather Rrophet Asa K. Martin, who says "the first frost willfall on September 2, and snow onNovember 19, in Lexington." Can itbe possible the weather man intendsto cut out the rest of the Bluegrass?Is Lexington to be the only placethe snow and frost will visit?WE WAOTED A CHANCEWe were getting a dollar six bitsfor our corn,We could sell' every hide from thehoof to the horn;We wanted a change and we got it.Now we're getting a quarter forcorn it's so cheapThat we burn it for fuel; our toeswarm to keep;We can't sell the hides so we burythem deep;But we wanted a change and wegot it.The skilled workman pulled downeight bucks a day,Now he's darn glad to work at anyold pay;But we wanted a change and wegot it.There was work and plenty forevery man's son,And warm food and shelter when Ithat work was done;Now millions are , idle, heretoforethere was none;But we wanted a change and wegot it.Mr. Wilson spent quite a long timeover there;For peace he was fighting, but whatdid we careBut we wanted a change and wegot it.Now all we read is of golf and vacation, Gay week-ends at summer resortsand plantations,But we wanted a change and wegot it.We were prosperous and happy, wellfed and gay,Now millions of children go hungryevery dayBut we wanted a change and wegot it.Meanwhile we hear this: It wascertain to come;Reaction from war times; and warthree years done,If we wanted a lemon we sure didpick oneBut we wanted a change and wegot it.oANNUAL SUUNDAY SCHOOLSTITUTE AUG 15-23IN-The eighth annual Sunday SchoolInstitute and Christian Workers'Conference of the Kentucky synod ofthe Presbyterian church will be heldat Lee's Collegiate Institute, Jackson Ky., August 15 to 23.The first five days of the conference will be taken up with programson various phases of the work, lectures and recreation, and on August 21, 22 and 23 the JacksonSummer School of Missions will beconducted by Mrs. H. L. Cockerham,of Quicksand, Ky. Thos. B. Talbott,of Lexington, Sunday School Missionary and Superintendent of HomeMissions, and the Rev. J. C. Hanley,president of Lee's Institute, will bein charge of the conferences.Representatives from all parts ofthe State are expected to attend themeeting, which is expected to stimulate increased activity in Sundayschool and home mission work inthe church. Leaders in all phases'of church work have been securedfor addresses. Music provided by aspecial orchestra, including piano,violin and saxophones, will featurethe programs. Vesper services willbe conducted each evening at 7o'clock. The Rev. Chas. Ray will bein charge of the singing,oKENTUCKY SUNDAY SCHOOL ASSOCIATION AT WINCHESTERBetween 50 and 100 speakers willbe on the program for the fifty-sixthannual State Convention of theKentucky Sunday School Association"which will be held in Wenchester,October 3, 4 and 5, it was announced by Dr. George A. Joplin, of Louisville, general secretary of the association. Speakers already obtained includethe Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor of theParis Methodist church; Dr. FrankL. McVery, president of the University of Kentucky; Miss Nannie LeeFraysier, Louisville; Dr. Frank M.McKibben, Evansville, 111.; Mrs.Maude Junkin Baldwin, Chicago,superintendent of the children's division of the International SundaySchool Association, and Hugh S.McGill, Washington, general secretary of the International SundaySunday School Council of ReligiousEducation.George E. Tomlinson, Mayor ofWinchester, and M. T. McEldowneyof Winchester, president of the. . ':state Association, are amqng thoseI , ,ma.a.1115 arrangements ior tne convention. A choir of 100 voices to furnishmusic for the meeting has been organized and is rehearsing. It is expected' that between 500 -and 600registered delegates will be in at-' te adance.- m ,afftOYTOWWOWIWraWAllOPil.,MaySchoolLesson T(By REV. P. B. FITZWATER, D. D.,Teacher of English Bible In the MoodyBible Institute of Chicago.)Copyright, 1922, Westers Newspaper Union.' - -LESSON FOR AUGUST 20.8EC0ND RETURN FROM EXILELESSON TEXT Ezra 7:1-8:36.GOLDEN TEXT The hand of our Godis upon all them that seek him, for good.Ezra 8:22.REFERENCE MATERIAL Ezra 9:110:17. PRIMARY TOPIC Ezra's Prayer forHelp.JUNIOR TOPIC Ezra's Prayer forHelp on a Journey.INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICEzra: Teacher and Leader.YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICReligious Teachers: A Need and an Opportunity. I. The Leader Ezra (7:1-10).1. Who he was (vv. 1-6. (1) Apriest (vv. 1-5). The leader of the firstcompany was Zerubbabel, a sort ofmilitary governor. The great need tfowwas for a religious leader, for thepeople had gone far from God, as wesee from the noble reforms whichEzra effected. (2) A ready scribe(v. 6). He was a teacher of the lawof God.2. His high ambition w. 7-10).(1) "He set his heart to seek the lawof the Lord" (v. 10). He definitely setout with the noble purpose to knowGod'sNWord. To be successful in anything one must set out with a purpose.Daniel was a success because he "purposed in his heart." Ministers andSunday-school teachers should havethis set purpose. (2) He set his heartto obey the Lord (v. 10). He was notonly concerned with knowing God'sWord, but to obey it. God's Word cannot fully be known by the intellect;It must be experienced. The essentialqualification for a teacher of the Bible,a preacher or Sunday-school teacher,is obedience to God's Word. (3) Heset his heart to teach Israel God'sstatutes and judgments (v. 10). He notonly had a love for God's Word, but adesire to implant it in the hearts ofothers. When one has an experientialknowledge of God's Word he longs toteach it to others.3. His commission (7:11-26). Theking Artaxerxes gave him a copy ofthe decree authorizing him to lead acompany back to Jerusalem. He wasempowered (1) to collect funds (vv.15, 16) ; (2) to levy tribute (vv. 21,22) ; (3) to appoint magistrates andjudges (v. 25) ; (4) to execute penalties (v. 26). So great was the king'sconfidence in Ezra that he gave allthese powers into his hand. For thisgreat honor Ezra lifted his heart toGod in thanksgiving. He was mainlyconcerned with the fact that he wasto beautify the Lord's house andacknowledge that God had put thispurpose into the king's heart.II. The Company (8:1-20). NThe company was small only 1,754males, but including women, childrenand servants, there were perhaps 6,000to 7,000 people in this caravan.HI. Ezra's Prayer and Fasting(8:21-23).The first thing he did was to seekGod's guidance. Not only God's leaders, but all Christians should seekdivine guidance and help in every undertaking every new journey, everypiece of new work, every business adventure, every relationship. Thatwhich we cannot invoke God's -blessingupon should not be undertaken.Further, success can only be realizedwhen God's blessing is.. upon us. Hedid not minimise the dangers attending; such, a journey, bat he had toldthe king that the hand of the Lordwould be upon all for good who soughthim, and now he was ashamed to ask,he, king for .a miUtarjr.. e?cort to protecf them from, the marauding Arabs.IV. The Successful Journey (8:2432). God heard their prayer. The treasure entrusted to them was great. Perhaps the entire value of all the money,etc., was $5,000,000. For a weak caravan to go on a journey requiring fourmonths through a country infested bythese robber bands, carrying such anamount of money was most perilous;but Ezra knew that God was able andwould protect them. Note:1. The care and .honesty (vv. 24-30).The money was weighed unto them atthe start and was to be weighed whenturned over to the authorities atJerusalem. The incentive to honestyand strict accounting of the trust wasthat they were holy men and were entrusted with that which was holy because it belonged to God. Most exacting care should be exercised in handling the Lord's money. We shouldguard sacredly our trust.2. Their safe arrival (vv. 31, 32).Some four and one-half months wererequired to make the journey. Godproved himself to be faithful, havingprotected them and brought themsafely to their destination.Overrating Ourselves.In the same degree that we overrateourselves, we shall underrate others;for injustice allowed at home is notlikely to be corrected abroad. Washington Allistor.Let the Injuries Pass.Christianity demands us to .pass by.injuries; 'it is policy to lettbem passby us. Franklin.Offended Vanity. .Offended vanity is the great sep-CAHTEHL ADDEESSES BTJELEY ,GROWERS AND FARMERSCongressman J. Campbell Cantrill,in an address to a great crowd offarmers and tobacco growers of Taylor and adjoining counties at Campbellsville, Saturday, declared that"something is wrong when 60 percent of the farmers of the UnitedStates live on mortgaged farms," expressed the opinion that agriculturalconditions in the United States inthe past few years were due to adefective system of marketing anddeclared that the only remedy forthese conditions lies in co-operativemarketing of farm products."Here in Kentucky," said Mr.Cantrill, "we grow half the tobaccoproduced in the United States. Ourclimate and soil are ideal for tobaccoproduction. Our tobacco growersare experts in that work, but theyhave been receiving less than it costthem to grow their 'tobacco becausewith all their expert knowledge oftobacco growing, they know nothingof marketing."Mr. Cantrill said the 'Burley Tobacco Growers' Association hadsimply adopted the method of the'great manufacturing concerns andselling their products just as thesebig manufacturing concerns are selling theirs. In the old days, he saidbefore the successful organizationof the growers into a compact body,there was practically one buyer oftobacco while there were 60,000 to75,000 sellers. Naturally, he said,the tobacco of all other farmers,with the inevitable result that prices, except during the years of theworld war or at other extraordinarytimes, barely returned the cost ofproduction and in some years, as in1920, for instance, failed to realizecost of production.oCONTINUE FIGHT FOE F. & C.SCHEDULEAlthough the Frankfort and Cincinnati Railway officials are receiving letters from the secretaries ofthe Georgetown and LouisvilleChamber of Commerce concerningthe discontinuation of the passengertrains making it impossible for traf-fie leaving Georgetown and adjacentterritory to make connections forLouisville, the general manager ofthe company writes that it is impossible for the company to operatethe trains as it did previous to July1st.The schedule now followed by theF. & C. company make it impossiblefor Scott' county people to makeconnections the same day either going or coming from Louisville.The Loriisville Board of Trade complained to the Georgetown Chamberof Commerce because the new schedule favored Cincinnati marketsfour hours and practically threw alltrade in their vicinity to Cincinnatimerchants.The railroad company managersays that it is more economical toabide by the present schedule sincethere has to be only one train crewwith two additional brakemen, andone engine crew employed as compared with two engine crews andtwo train crews employed to operate according to the June schedule.If there are a number of merchants along the F. & C. line complain about the present schedule,according to the Louisville secretaryof the Board of Trade, the questioncan be put before the Railroad Commission for 'arbitration. ,BACING OFFICIALS OF BLUEGRASS FAIR APPOINTEDThe following officials have beennamed for the race meeting of theBlue Grass Fair Association for theweek of August 21: Stewards C.W. Hay, R. L. Baker, S. Cr Nuckolsand W. H. Shelley, Secretary ofRacing W. H. Shelley, Clerk ofthe Scales Julius Ree'der. PaddockJudge Dr. C. Cann, Patrol JudgeW. E. Phillips. Timer S. K.Hughes.0ANOTHER HOME COMINGThe Kentucky home coming celebration planned in connection withState Fair week recalls the successful home coming celebration sixteenyears ago. The 1906 home comingwas conceived and executed as aLouisville enterprise, but the wholeState shared in the eventsThousands of expatriated Kentuckians, many with their families,came back for a visit to the "OldKentucky Home" that many of themhad not seen since childhood. Itwas the occasion for family reunionsin every county in the State and nocelebration ever held in Kentuckyaroused as much sentiment orstrengthened more family ties. Kentucky is about due for another homecoming and if the one to be held under the auspices of the State Fairin any way approaches that of 1906,it will be a success.oADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abit; stock of paper rolls. These rollssxe made of the best bona paper anaare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a ease. Let ustare a trial order.(li-ft) THBBOfURBON NBWI.Looks as if a lot of the girls were Iactively participating in the "paint1 r.CALIHTG IDNMir EEAL HC P0LTICSTICSThose State papers which arecalling for a new departure in theselection of a Governor next yearseem to be striking a popular chord.The Shelby News says: The movement against naming a professionalpolitician as the Democratic nominee for Governor of Kentucky is rapidly gaining favor throughout theState, judging by comment of widelyseparated newspapers and it is probably striking; terror to the hearts ofthat group of men who have beencommercializing politics in order toline their pockets at the expense ofthe tax-payers of the State. Kentucky must have a business administration next time if the rapidlyclimbing State debt is to be haltedand relief is to be afforded the overburdened property owners.-St is upto the Democrats to furnish thisman and every voter who expresseshimself as opposed to any professional politician for Governor willbe lending his aid to a movementto bring out the right type of candidate. In 1897 Russia had, exclusive ofFinland, 728,157 villages and towns.CORN FOR SALE.-50 barrels of good picked earcorn stored in Paris.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(15-2t)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMrs. Lizzie Brown PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Elizabeth K. Brown, Etc . DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, on.SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1922,.at the front door of the court house,in Paris, Bourbon County, Kentucky,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder, the following described property:Lot No. 1, fronts 50 feet onWinchester Street, and extendsback southward the same width200 feet, and is described thus:Beginning at the western corner of Burnett's lot on Winchester street, and running westwardly with Winchester street 50 feet;thence in a southerly direction200' feet; thence easterly to Burnett's line 50 ft.; thance alongBurnett's line 200 ft. more or less,to the point of beginning, making a lot 50 feet front and 200feet deep adjoining Burnett onthe east, and lot No. 2 herein onthe west and south and having adwelling and other improvementsthereon.Lot No. 2, fronts 50 feet onWinchester street, and is described as follows.Beginning on Winchester streetat western corner of lot No. 1,and running thence along Winchester street in a westerly direction 50 feet to line of Harris &Speakes; thence with their lineand Minogue's line in a southerly' direction 568 feet, more or less;thence in an easterly direction100 feet; thence in a northerly direction 342 feet, to southwestcorner of lot No. 1, and where lotNo. 1 and Burnett's lot. corner;thence with the rear line. afrsouthern line of lot No. 1, 50 feet in awesterly direction; thence withthe western line of lot No. 1 toWinchester street, 200 "feet, moreor less, to the point of beginning.A passway beginning at Winchester street, and running alongthe line between lots No. 1 and 2a distance of 80 feet and 8 feetwide is reserved for the use oflots 1 and 2. The 8 feet of widthconsists of a strip 4 feet wide offof lot No. 1, running along itswestern line a distance of 80 feetfrom Winchester street, south,and the remaining 4 feet consistsof a strip of land 4 feet wide offof lot No. 2, running from Winchester street along the westernline of lot No. 1 80 feet, the passway thus occupying two adjoining strips of ground each four feetwide taken off of lots 1 and 2 respectively, along the western lineof lot No. 1 from Winchesterstreet, in a southerly direction 80feet.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety, forequal parts of the purchase money,each due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively andbearing interest aV the rate of sixper cent (6) per annum from dateof sale until paid, said boncj.s to havethe force and effect of judgments.The two lots above described will besold separately.Said sale is made for the purposeof reinvestment.. O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner" BI ' C. C.(aug 11-18-25)Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, the hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned administrator, for adjustment and payment.All such claims not presented witbin the legal limit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, are hereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. CHARLES HUGHES, .Administrator.(28-3wks)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 .p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. si.6:00 p. m!7: p. m.9:10 p. m.ll:55 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TEACTI0N & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)CU1AL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS-4TModern EquipmentExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSIPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 31916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSrraak P. Kiser, Frealdemt3. L. Weathers, Vict PresidentW. l&&itokell, CashierJmo. W. Yerkes, Aast CashierDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921,brighter;EVENINGSJust HistoryIn 71The Colonial DameSpnn her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Bat the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a bnttomAnd has Electric light, .Paris Gas JtEiMtrkCe.AMmm11m? I alB.1 mmttf ai ggflji uft-A.gtiPA. .. ii iv --dMriaa rjm campaifu. . . aif-V-rp:vJth$'- mrX... .. .. ...-':.'- j"---. ijf, . 41 "2t.s -; .If FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTOWN PESTS5 OWvRjTyFORMER PARISIAN EULOGIZES"GOOD OLD STATE"THE NEWS is in receipt of thefollowing poem fronr the pen of Ed.M. Hite, native of Paris, now stationed at the Columbus, Ohio, Barracks as Fire Prevention Engineer,in the Fifth Corps Area of the U. S.Army. In this little poetic effusionMr. Hite tells pi the love that pervades his being when he reflects onthe "good old Stated and :a littlefeeling of homesickness and" longingfor the old home town must havecome over him as he reviewed thelines. Mr. Hite's poem follows:The Tramp Is a Pest that blooms Idthe Backyard only In the Summer.When he Shows Up at the kitchendoor, summon Faithful Hector, inventor of the Bum's Rush, and have himUsber the Tramp into the Alley. IIWe gotta Work for our Eats, whyshould Tramps coast through theWorld on their Nerve?WITH THE TRAVELING MENIn the "Sample Case" departmentof the Sunday Lexington Herald, devoted to interests of traveling men,appeared the following notes regarding Paris men, and travelingmen known to Paris merchants:"J. W. Howard, of Paris, sellinghardware for the Vancamp Hardware Company, reportsfine."Ed Margeleth, of the E. R. Webster Company, has been workingaround Bourbon county for the pastweek."Les Rue, of the Louis Stix DryGoods Company, passed throughParis Saturday at a speed of well,we'd better not mention it or theParis officials may be looking forhim on his way back."Tub Wilson, of the EagaliteWilson Company, called on Dan Jordan, at Paris, Friday. Tub was alldressed up, and when Das asked himwhy the glad rags Tub said he wasgoing to a funeral. When Dan solemnuly asked who was dead, Tubmournfully replied: 'Business.' "oRHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been, done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.THE EARLY LONG-DISTANCEInauguration of The Courier-Journal and Louisville Times radio service caused those reminiscenly inclined to hark b,ack to a periodscarcely twenty years ago when thelong distance telephone service wasstarted in the smaller towns. Atthat time there were no local exchanges and the long distance boxusually located in some drug storewas the only telephone in the town.Opening of the service in these' towns was an extraordinary eventand attracted large crowds, many ofwhom were dubious of actually being able to converse with somebodyin Louisville or another place alongthe line and they would not believeit until they had experienced theunheard of novelty From the primitive telephone to the radio was agreat jump, but the inauguration ofthe latter scarce evoked more wonder than the demonstration of theother only a score of years back.DOWN IN OLD KENTUCKY(Composed and written by EdwardM. Hite)I have -wandered near, I have traveled far,I have seen the countries of foreignclimes,And I have watched the nations asthey grew.I have had reverses, and I have oftenbeen" lucky,But of all the places on this earth,give me old Kentucky.From the mountains tops of the dearold State,With their peaks of trees and flowersTo the bluegrass that nods and bendswith the summer winds,Near the valleys and fields of' tobacco and corn.The women are pretty, the men areplucky,Go where you may, but give me oldKentucky.The rivers sing their silent songs, asthey wind their way to thesea.The birds sing sweetly from mountain, valley and tree,Neath the skies with color of silverand gold.business Say, if you live in the dear old State,you are lucny,For its home, sweet home, down inold Kentucky.You may talk of the different places,and many are grand I know,Be where they may, North, South,East or in the golden West.The artist may paint his picture oflands far and near,And the sculptor mould his work inmarble and clay,There you will find hospitality, rich,fertile lands, never mucky,When I die bury me under the bluegrass, down in old Kentucky.PERSONALSN. B. It has been noted withmarked distinction, how Kentuckians love their home State, and thefraternal friendship and good feeling that exists among them whenthey meet each other beyond theborders of their native land. Thusthe emblem of the grand old Statestands out in bold relief, "UnitedWe Stand, Divided We Fall."Columbus Barracks, 0., Aug. 11, 1922HARSH PUNISHMENT HELPSAdvocates of drastic punishmentas a detriment to crime point tothe decadence of bank robberies inKentucky as a result of twenty-five-yearprison sentences meted out inconvictions in two recent cases.These were for 'the robbery of abank at Auburn, Logan county, andthe attempted burglary of a Columbia bank. Since these convictionsbank robberies appear to have givenKentuckv a wide berth.Before that time the State suffered a long series of bank robberies"with no apparent detection of thecriminals that operated in everypart of the State. That Kentuckyjuries at least may be dependedupon to mete out heavy punishmentin such cases seems not to havebeen lost upon the yeggrnen that fora long time had easy sailing in looting banks and making off with richhauls.oHealth hint: In borrowing trouble be sure you can pay it hack.SYMPTOMS OF BABIES IN DOGS.About ever so often a mad dogscare prevails throughout Americaand this year there has been an epidemic which has resulted in many adog being killed because peoplethought he had hydrophobia whenthe dog was harmless. We had reports from veterinarians of severalStates concerning this new- diseaseand we believe, after "careful investigation, that what has killed somany dogs is a very small anddeadly worm which bores throughthe intestines of the animal until itreaches the spinal column, and whenthat happens dSath usually results.The symptoms of this, disease aredragging of the hind quarters insome cases, intense nervousness inothers. The dog will auiver as ifhaving a chill and then run at fullspeed, yelping as if desperatelyfrightened. These symptoms havecaused many people to believe thedog was suffering from rabies, butwe personally have talked -withmany men who have soothed andhandled their dogs and we have notyet heard of an animal that madeany attempt to injure anyone. Itmay interest those who have dogsaffected that we have heard of oneor two authentic cures being effected with carbon tetra chloride andthe same remedy, it is saidwill remove the deadly hook work which isdestroying thousands of dogs inAmerica.PILES!WILLIAMS' PILE OINTMENTFor Blffii Blecdkf asd Itchkg Piles.For sale by all draggi. auU 50c sad $1.00. "WHJJAMS MFG. CO., htm.. OcveSaaJ. 0Tt Sftla By"COLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute attack of Nasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSVStem and rpnflpr tViom loee ltahfa tnf-colds. Repeated attacks nf ArntP. Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through' theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co... Toledo.. Ohio.OPEW WATERPOWER MILLSThere are a few of the old-fashionedwater power mills in operationin Kentucky and they lend a touchof picturesque to the scenic environment. Most of these are of theundercurrent type mnd have beenoperated many years.Probably the only water mill nowoperated by an overshot wheel is' between Burnslde and Monticello. Thepower is generated by the weight o'fthe water falling into buckets attached to the wheel which is aboutthirty feet in diameter. The quaintold mill with its unique power generator attracts many visitors andcamping parties to hold their outingim the TiciMity. , k 'Mrs. Mayme Parker has returned from a business trip to New York.Mrs. Crogate, of Lexington, is aguest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Ray Harris.Miss Sarah Snell Desha, of Cynthiana, is a guest of Dr. and Mrs.M. J." Stern.Mr. and Mrs. James H. Thompson are at Crab Orchard Springs fora ten-days' stay.Misses Edith and Ethel Harper,of Paris, are guests of Mrs. W. W.Anderson, in Covington.Mrs. Hubbard Smith, of Frankfort, is visiting at the home of Mrs.Mattie Thornton, near Paris.Miss Mayme Holladay will return to-day from a combined business and pleasure trip to Chicago.Mrs. Ada Fishback, of Paris, isvisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Ben B. King, at Moreland, in Lincoln county.Miss Catherine Hammond ofAshland, is a guest at the home ofMr. and Mrs. George Rose, on Lilleston avenue.'Mr. and Mrs: Harold W. Snellhave returned to their - home nearParis from an extended stay at Martinsville, Indiana.Mrs. M. L. Williams has returned to her home in Knoxville. after avisit to Mrs. E. J. Lee and family,at Seventh and Main.Mr. and Mrs. George K. Morrowand children, of Kansas City, Mo.,are guests of MrsBettie Parvin, ather home near Clintonville.Miss Ruby Carmichael, is seriously ill of typhoid fever at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Roscoe Carmichael, near Paris.Mrs. J. 0. Evans and son, Wil'liam Hughes, and her. guest, MissPattie Neal, of Mcintosh, Florida,have returned from a pleasant visitto Mammoth Cave.Rev. Father Wm. O'Hare,. pastor of the Church of The Annunciation, in Paris, is spending a tendays' vacation with relatives at hisold home in Wheeling, West Va.Mr. and Mrs. M. Peale Collierand family, and Miss Mayme LeeBaldwin have returned from a motorJ:rip to Mammoth Cave, Louisville,and other points in Western Kentucky. Miss Anita Crommerlin, MissMary Dan Harbeson and mother,Mrs. Harbeson, motored to Charleston, West Va., where they spent theweek as guest of relatives andfriends.B. A. Batterton and son. CountvJudge George Batterton, have returned from Rochester, Minn.,where the former underwent an examination and treatment at MayoBros.' Hospital.Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church, and son, Paul,are visiting friends and relatives inKnoxville. On account of the ninesof her mother, Mrs.v Rogers, Mrs.Fox remained in Paris.-Mrs. Ernest Darnaby. of Clintonville, who recently underwent asuccessful operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this citv. isrecovering rapidly, and will soon beable to return to her home.Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Jones, ofLexington, and Mr. and Mrs. JohnH. Patrick, of Cynthiana, have returned to their homes after a visitto Rev. and Mrs. J. B. Jones andfamily, at their home on Pleasantstreet.Ellis Hayden, formerly of Paris,wno is connected with the Dodgeautomobile works in Qetroit, Mich.,is spending the summer vacation inParis, as a guest of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, on Henderson street.Miss Elizabeth Henry, will entertain to-night wih a dance at thehome of Tier parents, Dr. and Mrs. D.S. Henry, oh the Georgetown road,near Paris, in honor of her houseguests, Misses Helen Barker, of Lexington, and Dorothy Crossfleld, ofMissouri.T. Porter Smith, former Parisian, was a caller at THE NEWSoffice Wednesday. Mr. Smith hasfor several years been a resident ofGeorgetown, where he has been successful in business. He had withhim his usual fund of anecdotes andreminiscences of old days in Paris.THE NEWS is requested togive publicity to the following socialnote: "The annual Blue Grass Fairdances will be given next week inthe ballroom of the Phoenix Hotelby Mrs. J. Tandy Hughes, the firstThursday evening, August 24, 9 to1:30 o'clock, and the second Saturday evening, August 26, 9 to 12o'clock."Victor Shipp, of Oklahoma City,Okla., a former business man ofParis, is visiting his sisters, Mrs.Charles E. Butler, Mrs. Millard F.Kenney, and other relatives in Paris.Mr. Shipp was for many years clerk.in the grocery of R. p. Dow, latergoing into business for himself inthe room now occupied bv LotranHoward, in the Odd Fellows building.Misses Elizabeth and KenneyPrewitC of 'Mt Sterling tJHpWorthington, of Maysville, and Lu-P.ilTfa f!fl"vwnnil rt ''MViVU-'U ifjj ji.iare "house guests of Miss ChristineThomas, at her home on Houstonavenue. They were guests of honorat a picnic and dance jpiven on Wed-nesday by Mr. and Mrs. EdwinThomas, Jr., -at their home orf theRussell Care Pike, nearParis.PAGE THUSCARVING 5,000 YEARS OLD SOLDE0R BIG PRICEAt the Alamo and Grand, Monday,August 21.WHERE ARE THE KNITTERS?What has become of the knittersthat were so prominent in the wartime activities? It seems that xthe'great majority of those who feverishly knit sweaters, socks, wristbands, and scarfs for the- boys "overthere," hae laid aside their knitting needles for something else.It was expected that the revival'of knitting which almost had become a lost art, would take a permahent hold, but it has not done so.Interest in the accomplishment ofthe grandmothers seems to have subsided with the signing of the armistice and probably many who hadbecome adepts with the knittingneedles would have to learn it allover again. Many useful things forthe household could be knitted atleisure and it seems a pity that such'an accomplishment should soon fallinto disuse.What is described as the "finestexpression of Egyptian statuaryin world," sold at Sotheby's auctionrooms for 10,000 pounds.It is the head of Amenemmes JJI,an Egypian King who lived aboutB. C. 3,000. It is cut in obsidian,which is said to be one of the hardest stones on which an artist canwork.It heasures four and seven-thenthsinches from the top of the head tothe chin, but Professor Percy E.Newberry, the Egytologist, has pronounced it a "masterpiece that hasnot been surpassed by any sculptorof any country or age."--o-Jumping at conclusions lands youin a hole. te&gfeglg872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call when" in need ofFRUITSVEGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONETry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTsECZEMAraoney back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap),fail inthe treatment ofltch, Eczema,Kintrworm, letter or otherltching skin diseases. Try thistreatment: at our risk.VAEDEN ft SON,Paris, Ky.mmBENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.' Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sPor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"ViMp?Why Pogue's August SaleOf Furs Is Well WorthA Trip To Cincinnati 'BECAUSEAll the resources of the Pogue store have gone into gathering of these furs. ,;vThe highest genius of Europeand America have created them so that stylesare distinctive and authentic. dThe finest pelts, the pick of last season's trappings, make up these early models. ,o. .n- v, -i6jj. miw, 1-nAi.uaiAi.jr txixu. owlv-uuu aic at LilCll UC5L J1UVV,1PRICES ARE LOW, not only because of the generous discount, but becausewe. planned ana purcnasea lor tnis sale when the tur market was at its lowest.And bear in mind, because' the season's peltry catch was unusuallylight, the inevitable law of supply and demand will force prices upFurs purchased during August will appearon statements rendered November first.. ,Furs purchased during this sale will be held incold storage, free of cost, until December firstThis MonthAugust Sale of FurnitureLinens, Blankets and Oriental RugsjifrATHE H. & S. POGUE CO.RACE AND FOURTH STREETS - CINCINNATIfI rI AI1 wHIsr-kHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT6.46 per year on emch Sl.Nt of loan pays both principal aad iataraatNO COMMISSIONSNO RENEWALSAsk Pta fly,' Dapftlt Baak Jfcirvt jo., ram, ar nanaMUMiatown uapoucNarth MWaWtowW. 'KentockjJtinStockUiMkC"t .-!Sacwrftcsr TnMtBM.J 3A -1(Otker Personals aa Put tyJ-Nr. .-J-4r-? .?,. sati , i, "Wf jtm-.1. L tE i" T" !. ti. j. iHTP-j I- r it . -3 .MKFliJir . 4- 1 i. V iM . mJ'S ,1-- . T 32'- jjW- -i. r'li.? "'nS? IK' "r-FS''At - '"&&.?!& fVfr-tS 4e?T', r- F- Jf, &- . " i; vs - TsffL.JyTHEBOURBON NEWS, PARIS,KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 122r AGE FOURf"jIjbBml ,DEATHS'life Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayHUTSELL. --The -funeral of Mrs. Helen LoweHutsell, aged eighty, a -former resident of Paris, who died in Lexington, after a protracted illness, duelo the infirmities of age, was heldTuesday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock,at the home of her daughter, Mrs.Prank Woods, in Lexington, withservices conducted by Rev. Mark Collis, assisted by Rev. T. C. Ecton.The interment followed in the Lexington Cemetery.For many years Mrs. Hutsell madeher liome with her daughter, Mrs.Marion Hall, on Cypress t street, inthis city. She was a daughter ofthe late Solomon and Benj. Shryock,who were pioneer residents of Bourbon county. She is survived by fourchildren, Mrs. Frank N. Woods, ofLexington; Mrs. Marion Hall, of' Paris; D. L. Hutsell and C. L. Hutsell, of California, and by fourteengrandchildren, among them bemMrs. Claude F. Redmon, of Paris.MORGAN'S MEN END ANNUAL4 ' REUNIONFARRELLMichael Farrell, aged eightyfour, one of Bourbon county's pioneer citizens, closely identified withthe city and county for nearly alifetime, died Wednesday morning atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, where he had been a patient but a day. Mr. Farrell had beenquite ill of kidney trouble at hisliome on Henderson street for abouta week, and was removed to the hospistal Tuesday.Mr. Farrell was a native of Ireland, where he was born on December 2S, 1S3S. He was a son of Johnand Julia Comiskey Farrell. Hecame to America when a young man,and after locating in various sections of the new world, came toBourbon county, where he served anapprenticeship as stone mason, continuing in this business until illliealth forced his retirement severalyears ago His brother, Jas. Farrell,died several years ago.Mr. Farrell is survived by fournieces with whom he resided on Henderson street, and several othernieces and nephews at other places.The funeral will be held at nineo'clock, this (Friday) morning, atthe Church of The Annunciation,with services conducted by Rev. Father Decius Carroll, of Cynthiana.The burial will follow in the Catholic Cemetery, in Paris. The pallbearers will be Dan Jordan, GeorgeDoyle, Wm. Minogue, James Burk,A. J. Fee, Jos. Glenn, M. J. Lavin,E. M. Costello.b$50,000 FIRE IN PAYETTECOUNTYThe two-days' reunion of Morgan'sMen, which .had been in progress atthe Lexington Country Club, nearLexington, came to a successful closeWednesday afternoon, after whichthe valiant members of the famousbrigade returned to their homes.Ninety-eight veterans attended thereunion, which was full of enjoyable features during the two-days'program.No prepared program was followed by the Wearers of the Gray,with the exception of the noon luncheon. Instead the veterans gatheredon the club's porch to talk over reminiscences that included old comrades now gone and to fight over oldbattles.The physical vigor, mental alertness and striking vitality of theConfederate veterans, the majorityof whom are more than eighty yearsold, was one of the most impressivefeatures of the assemblage.Officers of the Morgan's Menn's Association are: S. G. Sharp, Covington, president; R. H. Robb, HelenaStation, first vice-nresident; W. J.Stone, Frankfort, second vice-president;Elley Blackburn, Georgetown,third vice-president; H. M. Taylor,secretary and treasurer; Frank C.Taylor, Carlisle, assistant secretary,(honorary.) iGeneral Stone, commander of theKentucky division of the U. C. V.,in charge of the Confederate Pensionj fund of the State, was unable to bepresent because or an accident.The following Confederate veterans from Bourbon county, who followed the varying fortunes of Gen.John Hunt Morgan, in his celebratedraids that have now become part ofthe nation's history, attended thereunion: Perry Jewell, Little Rock;James N. Stone, North Middletown;Ganno Hildreth, Paris; Lan J. Fretwell, Paris; G. F. Lawson, Paris;James E. Kern, Paris; J. D. Young,North Middletown; James S. Clarke,Millersburg; Charles S. Meng, NorthMiddletown.The report of Col. Horace M. Taylor, secretary of the Association,showed that there are only 141 Confederates living in the eleven counties of Central Kentucky, and thatof this number, eighteen live inBourbon.BASE BALLSATURDAY AND SUNDAY GAMESLexington at Paris.Winchester at Mt. Sterling.Cynthiana at ' Maysville.YESTERDAY'S RESULTSParis, 1; Cynithiana, 0.Winchester, 0; Maysville, 5.Lexington, 0; Mt. Sterling, 1.Vilentine, the new man, pitched aone-hit game. Wunker won thegame with a three-base hit. It was'one of the best games of the season.The Baptist defeated the Christians in the Church League gameplayed on Hancock Field, Tuesdayafternoon, by a score of 13 to 4. Thegame was full of thrills from startto finish. The next game in theLeague series will be played at 3:30this (Friday) afternoon betweenthe Methodists and Presbyterians.IBIRTHSIL-Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Davis, of Mt.Vernon, are receiving and acknowledging congratulations over the arrival of a son at their home. Themother was formerly Miss JanetLusk, daughter of Patrolman andMrs. Robert E. Lusk, of Paris. Mr.Davis is engaged in business in Mt.Vernon. Mrs. Lusk recently returned from a visit to her daughter andgrandson.A yearling filly, valued at $10,000, belonging to Frank Ellis, horseman of Philadelphia, a riding horse,a quantity of feed, wagons, buggiesand implements were lost in a firethat destroyed a large barn on theWalnut Hall farm on the Newtownpike, early Tuesday morning.The total loss is approximately50,000. The barn, constructed in1876, cost $25,000. A quantity offeed, consisting of hay and straw,valued at $2,500, was destroyed. Theother horse destroyed was ownedby one of the men on the farm and-was valued at $150.oFire. Wind and Lightning InsuraBce. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANThink of it! In a few years thelame of Tanlac has gone round the"world. The reason is merit alone.Tanlac is sold by all good druggists.The Paris Mammoths lost to theMoorefield team in an exhibitiongame, played at Moorefield, Wednesday afternoon. The final score stood7 to 6. Frank Still, of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen,an old-timer on themound, started the game for Moorefield, but did not last long.A team composed of players picked from the four Church Leagueteams of Paris defeated the NorthMiddletown team by a score of 6 to4 in a game played at the ParisLeague Park Wednesday afternoon."Stiffy" Burnett made an excellentshowing on the hurling mound forthe Paris team.FOR RENTModern furnished cottage in fineneighborhood. Inquire at NEWSoffice. (It)THE STRIKE SITUATIONUnion leaders representing therunning trades of the roads wentinto formal conference in New Yorkto devise plans for ending the shopcrafts strike. Plans to be submitted to roads' executives.President Harding understood tohave completed message to Congresson rail situation but to be deferringits presentation pending outcome ofNew York conference.At the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad Company offices in Louisville it was said that the reports ofa walk out on the Ravenna division,serving the big Hazard coal fields,were groundless. A walk out is noteven being talked of, according tostatement at the office of 'B. M.Starks, general manager.Efforts to settle the walk out ofLouisville and Nashville trainmen onthe Cumberland Valley division continued at Corbin yesterday. First onthe program was a conference of"Big Four" brotherhood leaders torecapitulate the progress of the negotiations. Prior to the meeting nohint of the attitude that would betaken was given out.Meanwhile, however, the systemchairman of the brotherhoods whointended to go to Ravenna remainedat Corbin. What significance wasattached to the change in plans wasnot made known.WHAT ONE DOLLAR WILLDOAT THE RIGHT TIME ANDAT THE RIGHT PLACE3 1-lb. packages Phoenix Hotel Cup Coffee. . . . $ 1 .OO3 1-lb. packages Golden Cup Coffee : $ 1 .OO20 bars Sweetheart Soap $1.0014 bars Ivory Soap $ 1 .OO25 bars Lenox Soap $ 1 .OO21 bars P. & G. Soap $ 1 .OO12lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.001 gallon Standard Brand Cherries $ 1 .OO4 lbs. Honey in 1-lb. sections $ 1 '.OO12No. 1 Cans Tomatoes $1.001 bushel Cooking Apples $ 1 .OO2 dozen Tin Tomato Cans $1,0024 lbs. Red Cross Purity, or Maple Leaf Flour. . $ 1 .OO5-lb. bucket Swift's Premium Lard $ 1 .OO410-lb. sacks Meal $1.007 No. 2 cans Heinz Pork and Beans $ 1 .OO8No. 21-2 cans Tomatoes $1,0010 cans large size Cream - . .$ 1 0012 rolli Toilet Paper, large,size 1 .OOThese are Only a Few of Our Special1 0O Bargains for Saturday "The Mammoths have signed anew pitcher, Baylin, who will workout in games scheduled for nextweek. Baylm is said to be a goodman in the twirling position, andwill help out the Paris pitchingstaff.Oliver Mann, third sacker for theMammoths, has been out of the .gamesince the Saturday game with Mt.Sterling,when he sustained a badlybruised finger, struck by a ball. Heis improving, and will be able in afew days to resume his position.President Russell has signed upone of the old-timers HeiniePietz, former catcher for the Cincinnati Reds as a member of theBlue Grass League umpiring staff.Heinie claims to be a great deal better than a dead man, and says hestill knows all the ins and outs ofthe great National game.FOR SALEOldham county farm, located 20miles from Louisville, Vz milesfrom L. & N. and electric line; ruralroute at door; in graded and highschool district; 7-room frame house,32x60 barn, with 16-ft. shed; silo;crib with two sheds; pantry house;store room; meat house; coal andwood house; dairy house; cabin;some fruit; tobacco land, 20 acres incultivation, balance in grass, watered by 5 springs, creek and pond.For further particulars, address,. J. S. WEEKS,Route 2, Crestwood, Ky.(18-2t)?j"THE BANK OF SERVICEYou Never Thinkof a bank as the most human of in-stitutions, do you?What other institution deals so.closely with the dreams, ambitionsand confidence of human beings?Every dream, every ambition musthave a solid financial foundation forits realization.We are here to help make the dreamsof this community come true.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - Kentuckyk CAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00aCALLEDMEETING OFCAN LEGIONAMERI-A called meeting of BourbonPost No. 30, American Legion, willbe heldin the court house to-night,Friday, 'August 18, at 7:30 o'clock.The object of the meeting is to select delegates to the State Convention of the American Legion, to beheld at Glasgow, on August 28-30,and to select Legion members of thegoverning board for the memorialbuilding.o"OVER THE HILL," HERE NEXTMONDAYrHma pHAinvi UU."Over the Hill," the Wm. Foxpicturization of one of Will Carleton's "Farm Ballads," which brokethe best record of any screen attraction that ever visited Broadway,playing there one solid year in sixdifferent theatres, will be seen at theAlamo. Theatre and Paris Grand,Monday afternoon and evening,August 21.The story of "Over the Hill" wasadapted from Carleton's poems byPaul H. Sloane, who wrote a screenstory that has defied criticism inthis form of 'entertainment. Thestory has to do with the adversitiesof a typical American family, themother of which is called upon tobear the brunt of all the shortcomings of her little flock. As the storyunfolds, the youngsters are seengrowing to manhood and womanhood, and eventually leaving thehomestead to set out into the worldfor themselves.The story is worked up to one ofthe most beautiful climaxes ever devised and one that is said to stir theemotions of men and women as theynever before have been stirred by astage presentation. There is alsoabundant comedy in the picture, andthe production can well be said to 'meet the entertainment needs ofevery member of any family, youngand old.RELIGIOUSMRS. HOUSEKEEPERYou Are The Boss ofPiggly Wiggly Storeswith its hundreds of stores, its big warehouses, its fleets of trucks and thousands ofemployes all over the world.You decide what foods shall be bought. You have demanded that things be arranged for your convenience and that each store shall be as clean as a carefulhousewife's pantry and your wishes have been carried out. You have insisted thatwe sell only the Nation's Best Goods and at the lowest possible prices, and thathas been done.PIGGLY WIGGLY has been a big success under your management. It is hereto serve you with brands of known merit. Nationally known and advertised. "Shelly Gooseberries in syrup,No 2 "Bewley Red Pitted CherriesNo. 2Del Monte Apple Sauce,No. 2Prattlow Large Asparagus Tips,No. iy2Del Monte Colossal PeeledAsparagus, No. 2Cherriton Green Lima Beans,No. 2Cliff Extra Sifted Early JunePeas, No. 2A Besume of Events In Religions jCircles For iTesent andFntnreBurt Olney Succotash,No. 2Del Monte Beans with Pork andTomato SauceCampbell'sBeans '. . . . C.Franco-AmericanSpaghettiBeechnutSpaghettiCampbell's Soups,All kinds .,Eld. Newton L. Shropshire, of ifClintonville, is conducting a revivalmeeting at Buckner, in Oldhamcounty.The revival meeting in progressat the Clintonville Christian churchconducted by Rev. Earl V. Eastwood,of- Lexington, continues with unabated interest. 'The attendance hasbeen good. There have been 'about ithirty additions to date.The revival beginning lastSunday at the Spears 'Mill "Baptistchurch, will . continue through theMaxwell House ,Tea, 1-lb. 67c; Vz -lb.34c. 4-lb. 18c,2-ozEagle BrandMilk !Mansfield Milk, large 9 c,small i ,Libby's Mustard,9-oz. jar ,Premier Salad Dressing, large 42c,, smallLart Dill Pickles,No. 2 can ,DunbarShrimp31c26c22c38c54c19c25c21c10c11c11c14c10c9c20cc10c19c19c175cLibby's CornBeef. . . .V.Libby's VealLoafOctagon Soap,. Large barP. and G.Soap , . .Ivory Soap,Large bar 13c, smallJap RoseSoap T.Palm OliveSoap '.Babbits ,-Lye V. .:.Wright's Silver ,Cream .Old DutchCleanserSunbriteCleanserDomino Sugar in Cartons andMuslin Bags, poundBrookfield Creamery Butter,PoundWisconsin Full Cream Cheese,' Pound ,Fresh Country Eggs, every .oneguaranteed, dozenPure Hog Lard,Pound ,Large Home Grown Potatoes,15-lb PeckLarge Juicy Lemons,DozenNew Sweet Potatoes,PoundHome Grown Cabbage,PoundCorn, Large and Tender,Dozen23c23c6c5c7c9c8c13c22c9c5c8ic43c25c25c14c40c221c5c5c24cWe Don't Meet Prices We Make ThemWIOGLYGROCERIES FRUITSGREEN VEGETABLES" IIKtatucfcy1I. L. GLASS. Manager51 $$$&$nexT'teafaayp,.' ' SehjfYat t45 p.H707Street4'.irwnSjm., conauctea oy the pastor, Rey. R.iuvwsV-vJLtTxfWviTto, public"Kw ,. J, ,TF-'k(FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYiNTUC&T - -' PAG! FIVE vASfPERSONALS"GIFTS THAT LAST"CANTELOUPESComings and Goings of Some TonKnow and Others TonDon't.Albert Perling. of The LeaderHome grown cantaloupes from Store, is in New York, purchasingMavsville, Ky., bigger and better goods tor the store.than ever.(lS-lt)Phone us you order.C. P. COOK & CO.INTERNATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOLLESSONSMrs. May Stoner Clay, of Paris,'is spending her vacation at Asheville, North Carloina.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor Mathers,of Carlisle, are visiting relatives inParis and the county.Don't forget to look for the Inter- wyde Keller is in Ashland,-national Sunday School Lesson, 1 wuere ie nas a clerical position mwhich is published in this issue of 1 tIie c- & O. railway offices.THE NEWS, on page two. This Miss Princia Gaines, of George--willbe a special feature in THE ! town s a guest of Mrs. B. M. RobNEWS each Friday, and will be an erts at her home in Little Rock,invaluable help to students of the J Miss Kittle Withers Berry, ofTlible for Sunday's lessons. YouCAlueui, is a guest or ner aunt,will find it in THE NEWS first.oWALLIS RAISING DEMOCRATICCAMPAIGN PUNDSFrederick A. Wallis, as chairmanof the Democratic campaign financecommittee in the State ofYork, has divided the Stateseven districts in an effort to raisefunds to prosecute the campaignthis fall, according to the New YorkWorld. Mr. Wallis, former commissioner of immigration for the portof New York, is well known in Kentucky, where he is a frequent visitor."If there is not on hand sufficientmoney to turn the Democratic campaign this fall it won't be the faultof 3Ir. Wallis," says the World.THE COMMUNITY PICNICThe Community Service picnic tobe given in the beautiful woodlandof Forrest Letton, on the Lexingtonpike, near Paris, on Labor Day,September 4, promises to be a "hummer" if present plans are carriedout. Nothing is being left undoneto make it a day of enjoyment foreveryone. The music by the Maysville Boys' Band wTill be an outstanding feature of the program.Make your arrangements to attendon Monday, September 4, "LaborDay."DISTURBED RELIGIOUS WORSHIPLawrence Elberry, colored, of Millersburg, was placed in the Parisjail by Town Marshal Harry Linvilleof Millersburg, charged with havingdisturbed religious worship. He was"first arraigned on the charge beforePolice Judge J. H. Stewart, in Millersburg, and fined $100 and costsand given a jail sentence of sixtydays at hard labor for having moonshine whisky in his possession.Elberry absorbed the greater partof a pint of moonshine, and goingto a large tent where a colored revival meeting was in progress, tookcharge of the services by prayingand singing, and when an officerwho had been summoned arrived hehad removed his coat and was delivering a fervid sermon on prohibition to his astonished auditors.i On.ICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart. '- v$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.0 L-BOURBON COUNTY SCHOOLSSCHOOL CENSUSAccording to the report of theState school census, recently submitted to State School SuperintendentGeorge Colvin, there are 4,009 children of school age in Bourbon county, as shown by the 1922 schoolcensus. The report shows a total of655,688 children of school age inKentucky, or an increase of 2,564over 1921.Of the total number of schoolchildren in Bourbon county, 1,315are in the city schools, and 2,694 inthe county schools.The complete school census madeup by Superintendent of Public Instruction George Colvin from reports sent in by cities, counties andgraded school districts gives thecities a school population of 152,806, the graded school districts 59,483, and the counties 443,389.oWEIGHT OF GRASS SEED SAGSFLOORSMrs. Jos. W. Davis, on High street.Earl Curtis left Sunday forEston, Saskachean, Canada, totake a position on the E. F. Spears& Sons ranche.Mrs. Vertner Asbury, of Paris,and her sister, Miss Waites, are theNew guests of Miss Margaret Shropshire,into m Cyntniana.Mrs. Johnetta Farra has returned to her home in Lancaster aftera visit to Miss Mary Frances Campbell, in this city.The Bourbon County GardenClub will meet with Mrs. B. M. Renick, on Duncan avenue, Tuesday afternoon at 4 o'clock.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Martin anddaughter, Miss Claire Martin, havereturned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. J. W. Shankland. in Sharns-burg.Mrs. George Granger, of Drum-right, Oklahoma, and Mrs. R. R.Higgins, of Lake Providence, La.,were recent guests of Mrs. ClydeKeller.Mrs. Samuel Graham, of DesMoines, Iowa, is a guest of herniece, Mrs. Ernest Martin, andJudge Martin, at their home onHigh street.Miss Anna Hutchcraft, of Paris,and Mr. and Mrs. Chas. F. Holderman, of Detroit, formerly of Paris,were recent guests of Col. and Mrs.Horace M. Taylor, in Carlisle.Mrs. J. T. Vansant entertainedwith bridge at her home on Pleasant street Tuesday night in compliment to her house guest, Miss Sommerville, of Montgomery, Alabama.Mrs. Jos. Connell, Dr. and Mrs.G. S. Cowan, Miss Martha Dudleyand Duke Young, of Carlisle, attended the reception given by Rev. andMrs. Arthur Fox, in Paris, Monday.Miss Janie Marsh, Miss LouiseFisher, Messrs. Owen L. Davis andD. Y. L. Farley are at Camn DanielBoone, where members of the Christian Endeavor throughout the Stateare in camp for ten days.A party of forty from Parisand Bourbon county motored toBoonesboro Beach yesterday andspent an enjoyable afternoon swimming, boating and picnicing. Theparty returned late last night.Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Dale, Sr.,parents of Wm. S. Dale, of Paris,who have been residing in Covington for several years, have returnedto Gynthiana to make their home inthe future. Mr. Dale has been verysick, but is improving.Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Boston, of Columbus, Ind., who have been guestsof Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Bedford, inthis city, and of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Sparks, near Paris, are now guestsof Mr. and Mrs. John T. Boston, inGeorgetown.The Sunday Courier-Journalpublished a fine half-tone picture ofMiss Mary Ellis, daughter of Rev.and Mrs. W. E. Ellis, of Paris, whois visiting Miss Elizabeth Holman,in Glasgow, where she has been royally entertained with a number ofsocial functions.Mrs. Annabelle Wallace, ofParis, "attended the bridge partygiven in Cynthiana Wednesday byMiss Virginia Hart Allen, in compliment to her house guests, Mrs. Wm.Senter, of Hazard, and Miss SusanSimrall, of Covington. A four courseluncheon was served."Dr. and Mrs. Frank P. Campbellentertained with a dance at Varden's Hall, Tuesday night, in compliment to their daughter, MissMary Frances Campbell, and herhouse guests. Misses Nell Case, ofCovington, Elizabeth Carte'r, of Louisville, and Annabelle Race, of Ry-land.INThe weight of several hundredtons of bluegrass seed stored inthe upper floors in the rear of theJ. S. Wilson & Bro. building atPleasant and Third streets, causedthe concrete bases to sink in thefoundations. The floors buckling,sagged under the tremendousweight causing the supporting uprights to become loosened. The sagging of the floors for a time threatened the safety of the building.Workmen were busy yesterday"shoring up" cthe floors with heavytimbers and removing the grass seeduntil the floors can be strengthenedand the supporting columns on thefloors replaced ia position. At oneplace the -weight of the aeed concentrated forcing t second floor downward Hie alifter vP TfceiworlcfstftMctkeaiac k Wii puaaad for-ington, and Dorothy Crossfield, ofMissouri.Miss Laura Belle Smith, ofParis, is a guest of Miss Vesta Newton, in camp at Boonesboro.Miss Louise Patterson and Mr.and Mrs. James Liter have returnedfrom a stay at Olympia Springs.J. J. Lynch, Plant Superintendent of the Central Home TelephoneCo., Louisville, was in Paris thisweek.Miss Anna Louise Sauer, ofParis, is visiting her cousin, MissEmily Adams, in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Floyd andson, have gone to Anderson, Ind.,for a visit of several weeks to relatives. Deputy Sheriff James Gibson,of Paris, is at Parks Ferry, in Nicholas county for an outing at thecamp of his brothers.' J. J. Veatch, District Superintendent of the Central Home Telephone and Telegraph Company, is inMaysville on business for his company. Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland returned yesterday from New York,where she had been taking a university course in mental tests andmeasurements.Miss Alice McClintock will entertain with a bridge party this afternoon at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Bert McClintock, onMt. Airy avenue.Mrs. J. T. Vansant entertainedinformally Tuesday evening withtwo tables of bridge at her homeon Pleasant street, in compliment toher house guest, Miss Elizabeth Somerville, of Montgomery, Alabama.Mrs. William Shire entertainedwith a'1 bridge party Wednesday afternoon at her home on South Mainstreet,f4n compliment to Miss Hermine Reiser, of Louisville, who willbe her guest for the remainder ofthe week.Miss Elizabeth Caywood willentertain with a one o'clock luncheon to-day at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry S. Caywood, near Nor.th Middletown, inhonor of Miss Christine Thomas and'the members of her house party.Mrs. Maude Briggs, of Elkton,Ky., has leased the apartments ofDr. Marthat Petree, on Vine street,and with her three small sons, willmove to Paris on September 1, to reside. Mrs. Briggs will be a member of the Paris City School faculty,as teacher of the Second Grade.Mr. and Mrs. A. V. Douglassentertained at dinner Wednesdayevening at their home on EastEighth street, in honor of theirhouse guest, Miss Susie Belle Davis,of Danville. Covers were laid forthe following: Miss Davis, MissIrene Bramblette, Mr. Griffith, Mr.Cecil Arnold (Lexington), Mr. andMrs. A. V. Douglass.Rev. and Mrs. Arthur Fox wereguests Monday evening of the members of the Woman's Missionary Society of the Paris Baptist church,the occasion being the fifteenth anniversary of the marriage of Rev.and Mrs. Fox. About one hundredand fifty guests assembled, bringingWith them a substantial lunch,which was spread in the yard. Atthe conclusion of the feast Rev. andMrs. Fox were presented with a variety of useful and ornamentalgifts.(Other Personals on Page 3)Rev. C. T. Forscutt, lecturer,minister and newsnaner man. ofSydney, Australia, is visiting friendsin Paris and Cynthiana. Rev. Forscutt preached at the Ruddles MillsChristian church over forty yearsago while on a tour of this country.He will make arrangements to holdservices at the Ruddles Mills churchwhile in Kentucky.Mrs. Lucy Squires has movedto Millersburg, where she will bematron at the County High Schoolthe coming season. Her daughter,Miss Sallie Squires, will be a member of the High School' faculty, andanother daughter, Miss ThelmaSquires, will be a member of the"Ruddles Mills consolidated schoolfaculty.Miss Mary May entertainedwith bridge yesterday afternoon inhonor of Mis3 Christine Thomas'house guests, - Missies LucileCaywood, of North Middletown, Leslie Vorthington, of Maysville, Elizabeth and Kenney Prewitt,of Mt.Sterling, and Miss Elisabeth Henry'sfuests, Hisses Seleja Barfcer, of I4&-NEW PAPER FOR PARISFor many months rumors havebeen current in Paris regarding theestablishment of a new paper here.It has come at last. The latest entry in the local journalistic field isThe Paris Post, with Buckner Wood-ford,-Jr.,sole owner, editor andpublisher. The first issue of the newaspirant for journalistic honors wasgiven out Wednesday. The new paper is printed with lead pencil, andis a most commendable piece ofwork. The Post gave a short summary of the news, including baseball, and local happenings. EditorWoodford announces to his patronsthat this issue of The Post is free,but did not guarantee that as a feature of the future. The young journalist is ery proud of his first attempt, and promises to make ThePost better and larger with, futureisssues.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.IF DROUGHT CONTINUES OURWATER SUPPLY MAY BE SO REDUCED AS TO NECESSITATE ALIMITED SERVICE TO CONSUMERS. WILL ASK ALL TO ECONOMIZE IN USE OF WATER, ESPECIALLY THROUGH HOSE.PARIS WATER COMPANY.i8-2tyLest You ForgetWe MentionWhen out shopping we have extra values at extra low prices, onLadies and Misses7 Smts, Coats,Skirts, Sweaters, Blonses, Dresses,Millinery and Oxfords and StrapSlippers, Dry Goods, Silks, Etc.,Corsets, Hosiery, Underwear, Etc.Remember- to Call atThat Saves You Money.the- StoreTwin Bros. Dept StoreCorasr Straatk aa4 Main Stoats'2? . - , .FARHL KY.YOU STILL HAVE TIMETo Share in Our Bargain FeastBut don't wait too long, because such good ThingsCan't Last Forever.One Lot Men's SummerSuitsAt Less Than Half PriceS6.85-S8.85-S9.85One Lot of Men's SuitsThat Can Be Worn Any TimeS16.75Values to $35.00Florsheim Oxfords$8.85Every pair of Oxfords and Shoes hasbeen reduced for final clearance.Athletic Union Suits50cSizes 34 to 56Men's Work Shirts75cWhite and Tan Shirts-With Button-Down Collar95cBoys' Suits, Shoes and Furnishingsradically reduced. A mighty goodtime to prepare for school days.The above represents just a few of what we offer you.Only a visit here will reveal how great your savings are.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SavetfiYou, housekeepers, know that manybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,1 .-! t-1 1 nucauuiui owe enamei nmsn orvifocratBed. Springssuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dust and lint.And such sleeping comfort! You!just naturally relax and drop offiinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. No.sag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of thesesprings has just reached us'Come in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.OocrriffhUd Shannon Bed Spring Co., Inc.. LouiaTflls. Ky.y77XcK.JU, - l'iWe also call your attention to thebest spring made"Vhe TTfastercraft"Either of these springs sent on30 days trialTHE J. T. HINTON CO.I EITHERPHONE 31 . MelIBSkJPMMeliiaeieMPARIS, KENTUCKYMeter Hearse Motor InvaHd Coacfc. 'v r 5w V v " ySIXTH AND MAUIJWR9mWMURBL - atl.5; ilXiJ rt'VfhI' 'V J J"?, v V r-,"l"'v""Li'"Z-J-V!.r4oVrfj -4& "Si." ? l H viC,iJPP UP .PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS,V PARIS, KENTUCKYpHUWMWiff-ywH1 pi- w1 ' w,1 npjg'iFRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 12 Tk .i-AALWAYS TIREDHO AMBITIONNervous and Dizzy, Everything Seemed to Worry Me. 'How I Got Well'Larwill, Indiana. "My back was sobad I could not do my washing. I was always tired out andhad no ambition, wasnervous and dizzyand everythingseemed to worry meand I had awful painsin my right side. Ifelt badly about fouryears and could notdo my work as itshould have beendone. IsawLydiaE.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound ad-Tertised so much and it did so many peo-fle good that I began to take it myself,am feeling fine now and everyone tellsme they never saw me looking so well. Ilive on a farm, do all my work, and havethree little girls to take care of. I amrecommending this medicine to myfriends and know it wilfr help them ifthey use it like I do." Mrs. HerbertLong, R. R. 3, Box 7, Larwill, Indiana.Many women keep about their workwhen it is a great effort. They are always tired out and have no ambition."When you are in this condition give itprompt attention.Take Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, for it is especially adaptedto correct such troubles, as it did forMrs. Long."DOPING" FRENCH HORSESThe expulsion from the Frenchturf of the most successful trainerof the season for doping, and the investigation of other cases now underway, have brought to light the extent to which the administering ofstimulants to thoroughbreds hasgone in France. The practice of doping is an invention which theFrench generally concede to Americon origin.French racing sheets openlycharge American trainers with being responsible for its introductioninto France. The practice has become so general that trainers do notdiscriminate between apparentlyoutclassed extreme outsiders thatneed the injection of "pep" andhorses figuring on racing forms asiaving a chance without being'doped.A short time ago, after a .race onone of the provincial tracks nearParis, the stewards decided to examine the saliva of the winner, being suspicious of this glaring reversal of form. But in order not tobring notoriety to any trainer incase their suspicions were unfounded, they decided to have the salivaof all six starters analyzed. Theywere all found to be doped. Theowners were not molested, as thestewards decided that no unfair advantage was taken of the others.AN ODE TO BOOZElit-(By Alson Baker)This is a day to get drunk,This is the day for a revel,All things are sober and sadLet it all go to the devil,"kills are piled high on my desk,Others will be there to-morrowFill up a glass that is tall,Drink is for trouble and sorrow.Drink will remind me that IOnce have been young and lighthearted,Whisky will bring back a dayThat long ago has departed,Whisky will make me forget NHair that rapidly thinningEyes that are yellow and dull,Dull from the work and the sinning.Fill up a glass that is tall,Living is only a bubble.WThat do I care for it all?Drink is for sorrow and trouble..Let's drink the trouble awayThrow off the shaks and the quiver,Then at the end of the dayJust a long sleep in the river.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. This:i a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintleae.THE BOURBON NEWS,A Souvenir.The -Boston Transcript recently ranacross this in a story: "She held outher hand and the young man took itand departed."IHnWaddcllstPik Remedy't be OperatedDr.WaUiraGmnM -in mtv triadHMMBflBQGy VvGOMRCmyaAlSMQMWPmSPB Wt m& write tuCOAL STRIKE AND PUBLIC UTILITIESThere is scarcely a public utilitydepending upon coal for power butwhat is beginning to feel the pinchof the mine strike. The greatestdifficulty, however, has 'been withmunicipally owned plants. Severalplants throughout the country,municipally owned and operated,have been compelled to discontinueservice after ten o'clock at night in crops are needing rain badly, escities and towns, with a complete pecially on the hilly upland as farcessation of service on the farm linesuntil the fuel administration promised to produce enough coal to resume operations.During this time neighboringprivately owned utilities were called upon in most instances to furnishelectricity for the plants during theshortage with the natural feelingthat there was a greater certaintyof continuity of service from theprivately owned than the municipally owned plants. This condition occurred at a time when privatelyowned companies on all sides werefurnishing uninterrupted servicenight and day. The privately ownedutilities had the foresight and business experience in the operation ofpublic utilities to provide for thiscondition. In other words in theemergency they were ready and themunicipal plants were not.It is interesting also to note thatwhile there is a shortage of coal, ashortage of cars, a shortage of labor,the utilities have been equal to theemergency and have been furnishing service to the community, nomatter what the cost. Despite thetremendously increased costs of operation public utilities have struggled along with plenty of electricity,water and street car service. Someof the utilities in Kentucky havebeen paying as high as $12.50 perton for coal delivered in their town,with no increase in rates for service. URGES HUNTERS TO BE CAREFUL As the hunting season approacheswe urge that every hunter extendconsideration and courtesy to everyone, for it is only by recognizingthe rights of others that the foxhunters of Kentucky can expect toenjoy their support.We have recently heard of a casewhere a man had allowed hishounds to run through a sectionwhere they did undoubted injuryto the tobacco. If this is true, theman who did it deserves the condemnation of every sportsman, because when all is said and done, foxhunting is but a sport and a pleasure and no sport can be a pleasurewhen it injures others.We suggest that anyone who isinjured by those who own houndsthat they are quite within theirlegal right to bring this fact to theattention of the authorities, becauseno one should have permission tomaintain a kennel that is either anuisance or a menace to the prosperity and happiness of others.NATIONALIZATION OF KENTUCKYHIGHWAYSIn the opinion of some of the Kentucky papers nationalization of themain interstate highways is the onlyfeasible way of reconstructing andmaintaining these roads. This is anew idea, but it is finding favorwith those who believe Federal control and supervision will solve one ofthe pressing road problenis.The Dixie Highway is cited as oneof the main roads that should be nationalized. It was built about tenyears ago, and was regarded as amodel highway, but in the interim ithas, due to heavy traffic, deteriorated and in places now is in wretchedcondition and but a slight reminderof the road on its completion. It isclaimed that the counties it traverses are not financially able to reconstruct and keep up this road, andthat State aid has been found inadequate for the purpose.The people living in the countiesalong the Dixie Highway also takethe position that they should not beexpected to keep up this road, sinceit has become a recognized nationalhighway, and used annually bythousands of non-residents as a direct tourist line between the Northand South. Also objection is madeby the citizens of these counties tobeing taxed to provide a road forcommercial traffic between theStates.It is pointed out that the sameconditions apply to the JacksonHighway, Boone Trail and other interstate roads that have been projected to facilitate travel throughKentucky. Nationalization of theseroads, it is claimed, would lift theburden from the local taxpayers andassure their reconstruction and upkeep to meet all demands.oDust and Explosions.Various forms of dust, when mingledWith air in certain proportions, arecapable of producing explosions. Thisdanger sometimes exists in flour mills.A case is on record where sugar dustcaused an explosion.Philadelphia won't let Chicagohay the Liberty Bell because itMight 'get stolen in Chicago. -SUMMARY OF CROP AND WEATHER CONDITIONSTemperatures were moderate andfavorable for growth and farmwork. Good showers in the easterncounties were beneficial locally, butrainfall was light and of little consequence in other districts. In theextreme western counties there has"been no rain for twoweeks, andeast as Daviess county. The Stateexhigits marked contrasts incrop conditions. Corn and earlytobacco are good to excellent in thecentral and southern counties, wherethey will mature without furtherrain; but both crops are deteriorating because of drought in much ofthe northeastern district, and cornis "firing" in 'the western dry area.In the northern blue grass sectionearly tobacco is so badly "fired" thatit is being cut somewhat prematurely in order to save if. Furtherrain is needed to cause completespreading in most of the State. Latetobacco is doing well in the areafavored by rains, but in the dry districts, especially the northern burley section, it is poor and uneven.The dry weather was favorable forstarting the curing process, also forpreventing the spreading of rust.Late potatoes are growing well inthe central and southern counties,but need rain in other sections.1Conditions were favorable forthreshing, which was finished during the week; also for cutting andcuring the third crop of alfalfa, nowin progress. Pastures and gardenscontinue good in the more faVoredcentral sections, but are practicallydried up in the hilly parts of the drydistricts. Stock water is reportedshort in the northern Blue Grass region. Cow peas are generally good,but would be benefited by rain.RAIL CASE APPEALEDContrary , opinions were handeddown in Circuit Court at Louisville,Saturday, relative to the assessmentfor taxation of rolling stock of foreign railroads having no trackagein this State. Judges Thomas R.Gordon and Henry S. Barker heldthat such stock found in this Stateon the date for assessment for personal property is subject to taxationfor State and county purposes, whileJudge W. H. Field handed down adissenting opinion.Judge William Kreiger was disqualified from sitting with his colleagues because he heard and determined the question while servingas County Judge and the cases arein Circuit Court on an appeal fromthe judgment of the county court.Judges Gordon and Barker affirmedthe decision of the lower court andJudge Field wrote a minority report. The cases will now go to the.i i i -1 ii i nan i cr r ti r rY t n - rt rm rvthe Southern Pacific Railway Company, which, though having notrackage in this State, is a Kentuckycorporation and pays annuallythousands of dollars.JAMES OLIVER CURWOOD. "OUT-OF-DOORS"AUTHORAn out-of-doors man, is James Oliver Curwood a man who loves nature and the wifderness, and lovesthe thrilling adventures of his novxv ,. .Vi,Ca.xa, emu uu mc news- jvree competition, involving "aion of that court hinges the right of gigantic struggle for existence"the State of Kentucky to collect among the nation's 10,000 coalback taxes of approximately $1,- mines, in which the fittest will sur000,000. If the ruling of Judges vive, will solve the problem of overGordon and Barker is affirmed the development and save the countryState will collect the taxes and if $40.0,000,000 a year which now isthat of Judge Field is affirmed thVwasted, E. F. Feabody, of Chicago,roads will be victorious. Neither member of the American Institute ofof the rulings has any bearing on ! Mining and Metallurgical Engineers,els before ever he begins to put themiand export.on paper. That is why his storiesalways ring true.His own colorful career hastaught him to write about the subjects upon which he possesses intimate knowledge.Born in 1879, in Michigan, hewon fame as a hunter and crackrifle-shot when he was a boythough now, like Jolly Roger McKayof "The Country Beyond," he believes in killing only when necessary. And it was by trapping that,in his teens, he earned money to payhis way through the University ofMichigan.Followed seven years of the intensive character study that newspaper experience makes possible.omuc Liieu lie uas iraveiea manvthousands of miles through the unpeopled distances of the Northland,and the stories he has written havemade him world-famous. His bookshave sold1 by millions."Curwood was worried a little,"said Ray Long, the famous magazineeditor, in an article in The Bookman, "about the responsibility ofbecoming a best seller. But applausehas not injured him. He is to-daywriting less, and writing better,than ever before. Three other greatCurjfood ovels: "The FlamingForest,"'The Valley'bf Silent Men," J"TVl TXwAw'a IPA'The RJyer's End.'111cigarettesThey are GOOD!BAND CONCERT TO OPEN BLUEGRASS FAIRThe 1922 Blue Grass Fair wil beopened Saturday night, August 20,with a concert by Al Sweet and hissinging band, followed each day andnight by what the management believes will be the greatest fair inthe history of the organization.And, if other fairs throughout theState can be relied upon as an index,the crowds in attendance will exceedthose of former years.In a communication to SecretaryKen Walker, Al Sweet has sent hisSunday night musical program, asfollows:Spanish March, Los Banderil-leros VolpattiOverture, II Guarany GomezVirginia Blues MeinkinMale Chorus, Annie Laurie ....Dudley BuckEncore, "My Home Town isa One-Horse Town"Cornet Solo, Inflamatus fromStabat Mater Rossinib. Wyoming Lullaby. WitmarkMr. Al SweetSelection, Mme. Modiste. .. .HerbertEncore, "On the Alamo". JonesYodeling Solo, SelectedMr. Jack BeanSecond Hungarian Rhapsody. .LisztMale Chorus, The Way of theWorld . .ParksConcluding with Al Sweet's singing band in a musical act that hasbeen featured on the Keith, Orpheum and Pantages vaudeville circuitsas a headline attraction: a. Opening, operatic medley (introducingexcerpts from Pagliacci, La Boehme and finale from William Tell) ;b. The Wabash Blues; c. MaleChorus, Comrades in Arms; d. LeaveMe With a Smile, Mr. C. K. Stageand Chorus; e. The Call of the Elk;f. Drum Solo, Roll 'Em Up, Mr. Edward Richey; g. 'Gen. PershingsPatrol.Star Spangled Banner.URGES FREE COMPETITION1 - -declared in a report to the Federated American Engineering Societies."Too much coal has become a national menace to the industry andto the pocketbooks of the consuming public," he said.Diagnosing the ills of the industry, he said:"Prior to the war there were6,000 stripping mines in operation.At the close of the war there were10,000 which, if operated full time,would produce 100 per cent, morecoal than is needed for consumptionAllowing for interruptions due toaccidents, failure of car supplies and"other uncontrollable features whichseem inherent in the coal industry."Mr. Peabody asserted, "it is safe tosay that the present developed capacity of the bituminous coal mines !in the United States is fully onethird greater than any possible demand." STEVENSON MANUSCRIPTSBRING $3,500Fifteen unpublished autograph letters of Robert" liouis Stevenson tohis cousin, R. A. M. Stevenson, havebeen sold in London, England, toan American buyer for $3,500. Themanuscript of Stevenson's unpublished play, "Monmouth," containing 59 pages, sold for $1,200. Accompanying the manuscript was aletter written by the famous authorwhen he was twenty-three. "I recognize," it says, "that I shall neverbe a great man. I may set myselfpeacefully on a smaller journey, notwithout hope of coming to the innbefore nightfall.? A letter written by Stevenson theday-before he left for America to bemarried brought $150, and' an unpublished poem went to am American collector for $15. jWhite Front GarageS7UBEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage- SuppliesCars Washed(tf)tttt4M4"l'ti-illitllHIIIIIHHIIIHIMGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay x Night1 37 299HHlWWflfHtWWIMMIMIIlMIMIII!Bourbm County BoosterAUGUST 30th, 1922"SEE BOURBONParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedVicfS5HH"i H' M'iWe Handle1 ElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizesf and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERI MAIN STREETIMIIIIIMMMHMHMMMHMMIMMMMMIIIIIIHKFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVEpOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYMenWantedThis Company will hire experienced shopcraft mechanics and shop laborers and furnishthem work at rates prescribed by the UnitedStates Railroad Labor Board, beginning at once.Apply. to W. E. Hunter, Matter Mechanic,Covington, Ky., orE. H. Gorey, General Foreman, Paris, Ky.Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co.iBosrfcon News Aabeiiistrs Get RtoibjTripCOUNTYfTIRST"H' t MM I Mttt'M'frfrfrfofrWAll Kinds ofNovelties iOPP. COURT HOUSE 1Ji-NS-. " t- .. -.THE BOURBON JTO'ffS, PARIS, .KENTUCKYs t A,?4pgj".vH?U. S. UNIVERSITY INCENTRAL EUROPEIW(i fj' KvSuggested by Dr. Stepapek asPromoting WorldPeace.THE tTNtSrrRSAL CATmSPREAD AMERICAN CULTUREranAy, AUGUST 18, im. c , . I- '1JBBBBMBH& cMflfKj HHHWLgBaBEHHlBi gk ? ''r'W'imnmiifrilFWltKIKtUsv3BiflHiHHHHsi IH ffiHssssHBBbIbBHHBk ''i l;B:JWS.SiSV?BK iiV' mBSBBMBBBBBBBBBBBBBVHii r:PiiiiwiBWli:lK ' ' vtHBaBBHBBBBBBBBilSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSISSSSSSSSSSSBBSHBDaBWv; v . t i BBBBMWBBMiuLBra .OWoiiraaPWBCTSg.V.. . y'cwmKKK? fii '" v BHHKflRBBBHBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBH lSSSSSSSlbbbbHbSsIS - BKB ':: imMm I"- BHHH WlBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSSfeMMftit'MVfc' r- SBBBBBBEm aBBBBBib. iKs&rc ; Jtifc 'ici- pSSF r 'SBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBl.r 5- S'World Union of Engineers Also Advocated in Line With Marconi's Suggestion of Promoting P.eaceThrough Science.Washington. Establishment in central Europe of a great American university and library is urged by Dr. B.iepanek, minister to the UnitedStates from Czechoslovakia, who, toadvance international peace, callsupon the engineers of this and othercountries for united participation inworld affairs. Doctor Stepanek makesan appeal for the formation of a worldfederation of engineers, and for an international engineering conference todeal constructively with the problemsof civilization.Doctor Stepanek's views, made public by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, which, through itsofficial journal, stresses the need ofengineering solidarity among the leading nations, are regarded by engineersas a significant diplomatic utterancesupporting the efforts now being madein America, Great Britian, France andItaly to bring about closer relationsamong engineers.Closer Relations Among Engineers.Award of the John Fritz medal toSenator Guglielmo Marconi hasaroused fresh interest In the idea ofa world union of engineers. Marconi'sexpressed hope of "promoting peacethrough science coincides, it was said,with action to devise a working planof international co-operation betweenthe engineers of America and Italy.John W. Lieb,,vlce president of theNew York Edison company, has reported, after a trip to Italy, that Italian engineers are ready to form 'suchan alliance. Herbert Hoover, Prof.Comfort A. Adams of Harvard university, Eugene Schneider of Paris andSir Robert A. Hadfield of London areothers who favored advancement ofworld peace through the united action-of men of science. Actively backingthe project also are the presidents ofthe American Society of Civil Engineers, American Institute of Mining andMetallurgical Engineers, American Institute of Electrical Engineers and theFederated American Engineering Societies. Alfred D. Flinn, secretary of theengineering foundation and chairmanof the engineering division of the National Besoarch council, Indorses Doctor Stepanek's suggestions 4,that at anearly date there should be an international conference of , engineers,rather than of politicians and statesmen, bound by tradition and self-seekingnationalism a conference of constructively minded men, who couldtake fresh views of the world's condition, deal scientifically with fundamental causes and suggest impartial,far-sighted plans for continuing progress." Mr. Flinn advocated adjoint conveny tion of the great national engineering societies in Europe in the summer of 1923 to meet the engineers ofall the countries of Europe for discussion of such of the world problemsas may be the most vulnerable to engineering attack.For an American University.In appealing for the establishmentof an American university In centralEurope, Minister Stepanek said thatIt would jconstitute a center fromwhich could be given out the bestproducts of, American culture, a source'of correct Information about Americaand American ideas. THrough a worldalliance of engineers, the ministerthought, a constructive type of mindcould be brought more, effectively intothe service of the nations.Professor Adams predicted that artificial - distinctions between nationswould be removed" by engineeringscience. Removal of the barrier ofdistance, he said, is bringing nationsso close together, and making them soInterdependent, that Intelligent co-operationwill make war impossible.Racial and national antagonism, Professor Adams asserted, will give wayto the progress of engineering science.NOT SO MANY DEAF AND DUMBUnited States Census Count ShowsThat the Rate per 1,000,000 Population Has Decreased.Washington. Although the 44,885deaf and dumb persons enumerated inthe 1920 census was a slight increaseabove the 1910 figure, the rate per million of population decreased from 486to 425, the census bureau announced.This decline, which also is reported inEuropean countries, was attributed toadvanced treatment for certain children's diseases which frequently causedeafness.Rat Attacks Sleeping Baby.Kansas City, Mo. The screams of"her six-months-old daughter, Alice,aroused Mrs. William T. Elledge shortly after one o'clock In the morning.Hushing to the child's bed, she founda large gray rat clinging to the baby'sright foot Mrs. Elledge .shook therat loe. With th cUld? 1a. tteirarms, Mr. and Mrs. EUedf e ran to aaospltal. JCsMNMBcy- tritanatt--'?rH 'iiKaBftjwflMiHlSI, mSb&1PBbbbbbb1bb1BBJBJMMMMilSBBK&.: vjeBXMBBBBr2SBBBBBR9SSBBBflflV'' jk OLa SBBBBBBS&.v2nBBBJ iBQE&SnraBBKWKFviBKi&BBBBBBBBHBBBlBSSSSSSSSSSSSW&S T3PilBBMaBBBEBBBJnMH9niM&:f.iiHNBBBBBBBBK'.lBBKM8BBSiBYiJBBBBai' iSSBBBr'!SB&'SBBBBSp6MflJBBESBBkSK:z3C3aBWSMHBSS9BUJBSSSS&(SMBSsVR9SSSSSSSSS VK'BKbSBBBBHflBlBiHpHHiMBI'BBlilHfcBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBS& 'SBBBBSBBBBBBSBBKai SBBBBBBB1Bb SBBBBSBBBSB&JteXBBBBBS'QSlBSSBBSSSSSPVSSSPlBSSSBSjBSSBSBllBllllllllllllYlb SSBsiVfiV llllllGBBflKHiaHBVBVP9XB0Blfefc ?MlWBBmBMFlBBBBKfiBliHflK .nBKlBd0BC CP1 nKM :I9bwJlisiiiiiiiiiiiiV&L. " iP'n flESHMsl isHBiiHaaBiiVKiBBiBK asd'flHsK HskE?" IPIPWbIilSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSfSSt ' iMBSl SreTBr SVBflflHBBBFadEBBHBi.BBVK WfKmWLWml M" "$& "HbKHIbmI Ism --iJU mj SPBWH. mSim-mk - wimmWm- sBti&dsfll - mlfh HI " Jf- - s r? JP?f WL 4iH xbHIbbS " IbHHBbS IbBbbmbI .gPSSrasssiiiism m2H Wm. - $ ' MMBBVrflBWl .i SSSSISlBsB3BjBB .. jBBaBBBBBSBBBSjtaLUrl0BB8BBBBB9L BBBBF St. BBaifiL US 1 . Li.??mi'jpiHH' ' S039f .BBBiBPiiBSHiBBK& iMil' IHKE&''s'i"'' 'SB&p&4Bnm$ wtttrSSmKaP'mBBKKKk' " -' 0!z L BBBByBBBBBBBBBBBBj . BBBBBBBBWJtf'-BiwwE-s v - hMBl ;?l? jbSTj m?-s 'lliHI i r , N4 ,:-"IE2bbbk?Bs"BfCt't-''s' v?sbW iHw!wi ", inswL o.tlfBBBBBt''' s JbHk;! 'V'saiF" vrv-s: v y!r"BBSrrK'!fe--?A: ? ?&. s .-W ' r v - , - ' , ' ' L. x 'The "Kentucky Cardinals," Million Dollar Maysville Boys' Band, will Play at the Big Basket Picnic atLetton Woods, Labor Day, September 4th. Band Concert on Court House Square from 9:30 to 11, a. m.Labor Day.THE EAMBLERA talker, with the cut-out open wideAnd hitting on each cylinder thewhile,This morning grabbed me as I deftlyshiedAnd cornered me, this personvolatile;And as the words came whifflingthrough the air,I stood in torment hoping theyr would cease,But nothing seemed for me but dulldespair 'With silence some far shadowyrelease.At last my face was glue, my armwas limp,My brain was gooeylike a bar ofsoap,And I was left a dour and doddering simpAll puffing at a cold and clammyropeSome day I'll bolder grow andstronger waxAh, then I'll up and brain herwith an axeQUICKLY RESTORES PAPER'SSERVICE FOLLOWING FIREWhen the plant of the Woonsocket, R. L, Call was completelydestroyed by fire recently, the management issued an announcement tothe public referring to the efficientassistance rendered by the telephonecompany, in which it says:"Less than an hour after the telephone company had been notifiedand asked to assist us, three telephones had been installed for ourUse in the Chamber of CommerceHall.". The fire occurred on Saturdaynight. In a news story the following Monday, the Call said:"Big crews of both 'outside' and'inside' men from the New EnglandTelephone Company were at the newhome of the Call from early yesterday morning until late at night.When they lert tney naa set up acomplete new telephone switchboardwith all departments equipped withthe same number of 'stations' or'phones as were in order in the oldplant. This was a big task, tyit.thetelephone company and its men wereequal to it." .oPOULTRY,EGG ANDMARKETSBUTTEREgg receipts are lighter, consumption is more nearly equal to production, and fewer eggs are beingplaced in storage. Moderate pricesgenerally prevailing have stimulatedconsumption.a. large volume or spring cmcKenso "mt, uv. "-. " -" ""- "-tie change m quotations. Sufficientfowl are being marketed to supplycurrent trade.Cream deliveries during the weekexceed those of the same week lastyear, and lower prices generallyprevail.oWHISKY REMOVES PAINT FROMCOURTHOUSE ROOFCorporal Rodney Shaver, of theState police, poured 18 .gallons ofcontraband whisky down a rainspout in the rear of the office ofMagistrate Clark, in Norristown, Pa.The liquor had been captured inraids by the State police.Before entering the spout the"hootch" ran over a tin roof.and,after the liquor had disappeared, itwas found that the red paint on theroof was blistered."No wonder that 'hootch' has akick," Magistrate Clark said. "Anybody who would drink that stuffdoes not have a high regard for hishealth."oAbout the time a fellow thinksire's a'"WfrrPu,'0,0"' ce4tfceir-way out--frpm the TJmitedCHAPMAN SPEAKS TO CROWDAT ZIRKSMANSVILLEDeclaring that the farmer, "whose The committee on music for theprosperity is the foundation of all PrPsed Community Service picnic,..:f . .!, t0 De held in the woodland of For-prosperity, is awakening from a ,. T ,, ,. T . , .., , , .. , . XJB,. rest Letton, on the Lexington pike,dream to find that his boastful in- near PariSf OQ ndayf Septemberdependence has been a pitiful delu- 4 (Labor Day) nas concluded ar-sion," Virgil Chapman, of Paris, as- rangements with the Maysville Boys'sistant general counsel of the Bur- Band, known as "The Kentucky Carley Tobacco Growers' Co-operatiVe dinals," to furnish music for theAssociation, Saturday addressed a occasion. The band will come tolarge crowd of tobacco growers of Paris early on the morning of LaborTodd county in the interest of the,Da'' and wil1 give concerts in frontnotr rrnUnnnn nmr.t m n)Or tne court House -until eleven""'a j.uuauv.u j yj vy cj a (jU-uijciuiivcAssociation.Mr. Chapman drewa vivid wordpicture of the poverty and despair of 'skilled musicians, under the leaderthe tobacco growers eighteen months ship of George D. Barnard, andago, which stirred Judge Robt. W. make a great hit everywhere theyBingham and"other leaders to start have appeared. The band played.. atthe Burley co-operative."Kentucky farmers are good tobacco producers," said Mr. Chapman, "but the fault lies in an iniquitious" marketing system, whoseentire tendency has been to rob thegrower of- the, fruit of his soil."Mr. Chapman forefully pointed outthe advantages of merchandisingtobacco in an orderly and intelligentway over the dumping system, giving in detail the history of the Burley movement. He told how the various obstacles to the success of theassociation had been overcome anddeclared that the success of the Burley organization had been moregratifyin'g to growers and businessmen than its most optimistic advocates had prophesied a year ago.Mr. Chapman delighted the bigcrowd by answering to their satisfaction every argument that hadbeen advanced against co-operativemarketing in this section of the'State. When he reminded his audience that good prices for tobaccothis year were due in large measureto the fact that the Burley association is 'functioning successfully hewas loudly applauded and he urgedthe growers to "prop up- thegoodprice by organizing now instead ofwaiting for the return of 1921 priceswith their accompanying privationand suffering, before forming your'organization."BOG BEATEN BY MASTER GOES of my back and my kidneys acted ir-T0 RESCUE LATER j regularly. The use of Doan's Kid-'. , . . ., . -ney Pills rid me of these complaints"I hated to do it," said Elmer , , - .., t. i.... . . ,, . ... and I have faith enough in themRogatello, at Dexter, Maine, with;.. , . . ,foarcs in Tiia exxraa qo Via ofTVlroil V10 ;large head of his faithful Regte,j and it has taught me a great lesSonShortly after giving a severe flogging to his hound Elmer Rogatello,a miller, lost his footing while cross-ing a sluiceway and fell into the;dor d th bef0re.miiipona. ie couia not swim, inefaithful beast, attracted by hiscries, bleeding from the whipping,painfully leaped to the rescue anddragged his master to safety.Rogatello had beaten his dog under the belief that the animal hadkilled a neighbor's lamb and laterfound it to be false.WOMAN TO PUBLISH DAILY INJERUSALEMJerusalem soon is to have a dailynewspaper published in English.It will be owned and edited by anAmerican woman, Mrs. Gatling, ofNew York, who has spent severalmonths in Palastine studying localoonditions.; Mrs. Gatling has paid $250,000for a building to be used for herventure.The presses ndxotber mechanicalequipment for the paper are now onMAYSVILLE BOYS' BAND TORCOMMUNITY PICNICo'clock, when they will go to thepicnic grounds.The hnnrl is romnnsed of fortvthe Blue Grass Fair, in Lexington,and at the Falmouth Fair, and hasbeen engaged for the State Fair atLouisville this fall. It is one of thereally excellent musical organizations of the State, and their appearance here will afford music-lovers atreat. The committee expects tohave amusements of all kinds for allages. A large dancing pavilion willbe erected and music for the dancerswill be furnished by an orchestra ofseven pieces.Of Interest to Paris ReadersFor months Paris citizens haveseen in these columns enthusiastic Ipraise of Doan's Kidney Pills byParis residents. Would these prominent people recommend a remedythat had not proven reliable. Wouldthey confirm their statements afteryears had elapsed if personal experience had not shown the remedy toJ be worthy of endorsement? Thefollowing statement should carryconviction to the mind of everyParis reader. -Mrs. Jno. Mastin 1439 High streetParis, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with good results. Ihad a dull aching across the smalliuai ouuuiu x evci uccu x n.iuucjI ? a J1 certainly"Mrs. Mastin gave the abovestatement November 9, 1916, and onNovember 13, 1920, she added: "Istill have the same good opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills as when I en-I use them oc-cationally when I required a kidneytonic and they never fail to do megood."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Mastin had. Foster-Mil-burn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.U. S. CAN'T TAKE A JOKEUncle Sam would seem to be losing his sense of humor and gettingpeeved with audacious advertisers.The postoffice department has issueda fraud order against Huntington,Pa., advertisers who offered "tenyards of silk for a dollar" and sentthread; and in New Haven, Conn., amerchant has been haled into courtto explain to a Federal Judge whylie advertised that his stock "mustbe sold at auction by order ot U. S.court" -after.he mad purchased it atYou Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay 'as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MANMOTORParis,ixssx;I BourbonRUGGLESDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street:y.'A55?Kres&8Svfm$&tx-' --- "I ('LJMBmrmfj?i i w'Jtrct:.iTSSHvBItV s, fijC&3'a!L'I ' nrrMffif-r-f .7K,V.VJW - tt5ttwJYnYWnHThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris, KentuckyIXSX!IK!LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING4.wE willyouneed, our'' We willfcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.fflnf?nMt.ra?Two - Year - Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN GHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNut4enth St, Near M...-r rf WkJ-FOR YOUR DISTRICTCOMPANYKentucky!H3ttMXBHXlLaundrySATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!14 . . . . MTi vv .n Mil rnn UTonriTTiTirrtTTfl.ft ments in laundrv aDrjliancesana exPert neipers we ares3 prepared to do work mfe- ISV xiwuc, auu. ouiitii- 2KM your patronage.XIcounselwhen youassistance.serve youaiI'Bttk'PUMi! IL' ,i4if l.mm jkutw ".l.Aj tg, ."-Ji?r uAT?'j! K.i' '-rrVLjji'lomjplndtatkvA-'.', -m, w'mmmmmmmmsmssPKmmmmmmmamm,; - " - nv.X 'f- -r y "A ,', A-THE BOURDON -HEWS,- PARIS, .KENTUCKYFRIDAY, AUGUST IS, ItMMM gPAGE EIGHTMILLERS1 jhtttotfting Hews Items From Bonr,Jbon County's College TownMiss Renfroe, of Cynthiana, isthe guest of Miss Martha TomBowles.Mr. William Welburn is visiting-friends in Falmouth, Covingtonand Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. William Fuss--neckerleft Monday for Columbus,'Ohio, to reside. IMrs. F. P. Wadell left Thursdayfor Bardstown, to visit her niece,Bliss Lida Litsey.Mrs. Atta Young is visiting"Mrs. Mahala Becraft in Carlisle, whoremains in a critical condition.Mrs. Turner Perry, of Owings--ville,is the guest of her mother,"Mrs. Ada McCiintock, and family.Prof. J W. Lancaster, Mrs.Lancaster and children have returned from a visit in Georgetown.Mr. Ed. Marr, of Henderson,Ajeorgia, is visiting his brother, MrDeposit Bank) at Moorefield, Ky., atthe age of 16. After five years ofservice, he resigned-to accent a position in the Farmers Bank at Millersburg, holding this position forthe pasl five years. In 1920 he-wasmade assistant cashier in recognition of his good business qualities.In leaving Millersburg, Mr. Ellington does so with a feeling of deepregret. He desires to enter a largerfield that will offer him greater opportunity to realize his ambitions.Mr. Ellington is a young man of manysterling qualities as a business man,and also in the church work hasbeen a valuable member of the Methodist church and they regret hisleaving.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. R. Jones entertained at their home in this citylast night with a six-o'clock dinnerin honor of the members of the McCiintock family. Mrs. Turner Perry,of Owingsville, sister of Mrs. Jones,and daughter of Mrs. Ada McCiintock, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. G. McClintor.k. and Mr. and Mrs. Bert McCiintock, of Paris and their families, attended.oAfeAMOBB GRAND2:00 to 5:30PRICESADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.FRIDAYFRIDAY.John Marr, and sister, Mrs. W. D.jMelntyre.i Millersburg people are attending the Ewing Fair, and several ofthe farmers are exhibiting stock of-- all kinds.Mrs. Laura Hutchings, Mrs.."Nannie Ewing and Mrs. Bettie Potts,-- of;, Carlisle, were guests m Wednesday.of 'Mrs. Rhoda Conway.Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Prather,tw2o have been guests of Mrs. MaryWhaley several weeks, have re-' turned to their home in Golumbia,JKy.' The meeting at Jackstown, con-ducted "by the Rev. G. W. Nutter, isattracting good crowds. A greatdeal of interest is being manifested.r There have been four confessions.Prof. R. E. Hunt and familyxthe High Street Motor Company, forjArk., and are located in the Millers"burg High School, where Prof. Hunthas charge of the agricultural department. Miss Roberts, of New York, andMrs. Lewis Rogers, of Bourboncounty, were guests Wednesday ofDr. and Mrs. C. B. Smith. MissRoberts is a former schoolmate of'Mrs. Smith.Mrs. Lula Squires, of Paris,- moved here Tuesday to the dormitory of the High School, where shewill have charge of the boardingv department for the teachers and pu" pils.Mr. Ben Thomason attended thereunion of Morgan's Men at the-Country Club in Fayette county,Tuesday. Mr. Thomason and Mr...James Clarke are the only two re--anaining members of this companyin Millersburg.Mr. Clarence Wasson won the$100 cash prize offered by the Ken-tuckian-Citizento the one makingthe largest cash purchase from anyof the Paris merchants in the Trade-at-Homecontest, which has been onfor thirteen weeks. Mr. Wassonpurchased a Dodge Bros. Sedan, ofthe High Street Motor Company, fors$l,500.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Robert- Jones entertained at their countryhome on the Cynthiana pike Thursday with a family reunion at sixo'clock dinner. The guests were:"Mrs. Ada McCiintock, Miss RuthMcCiintock, of Millersburg; Mrs.Turner Perry, Owingsville; Mr. andMrs. W. G. McCiintock and family,Mr. and Mrs. Bert McCiintock and.family, of Paris.Mr. James Ellington, who hasresigned his position with the Farmers' Bank, "will leave Saturday for5 Huntington, W. Va., where he hasaccepted a position as assistant.cashier of the Babell CountyBank. Mr. Ellington began hisbanking career with the MoorefieldSPEARS MILLSEdgar Wagoner, of Falmouth,is visiting relatives here.Miss Eula Bivens is visitingMiss Jessie Lee Crowe on the PrettyRun pike.Mrs. Victoria Myers and son,Thurman, are .visiting Mr. and Mrs.Quincy Hinkson.Mrs. Nannie B. McKee is visitingher mother, Mrs. John Hinkson,near North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Virgil Harneyand son, Eckles, visited Mr. Harney'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Harney,this week.Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Wagonerspent Sunday with the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Hudnall, atthis place.Mrs. Edward Hughes, who felland fractured her light arm andsustained severe bruises last weekis improving.Miss Gladys Hinkson has returned from a visit to her uncle andaunt, Mr. and Mrs. Luther Myers,near Winchester.The rivival meeting whichstarted last Sunday is having a largeattendance each night. Services begin at 7:45 o'clock. Everybody invited to attend.The Spears Mill independenthaseball team will play their firstgame Sunday on the local field.They will play the strong Ruddles Mills team. Everybody invitedto attend the game.Double Feature DayTOM WISE "Father Tom"See the stage's favorite character comedian in a typical role. See "Father Tom" spread the sunshine of his genial personality on all abouthim. See him match hearts, smooth over quarrels and make his town a happier, better place to live in. AlsoAll Star Cast in "ANNE OF LITTLE SMOKY"Conflict, romance, thrills! A stirring, red blooded drama of mountain folks who resent the coming of the law. It pulsates with vigorous action of strong loves, intense hate, big fights and spectacular stunts.SaturdayDon't Fail to See This Comedy Drama of WomanSaturdayGRACE DARMOND - "Handle With Care"A screen play to cause giggles, gossip and gayety about the methods of managing the female. Yes, t's an Extra Special Associated Exhibitors' Photo Production, adapted from the story written by Charles Belmont Dayis A novelty romance with an original twist tothe marriage angle and tangle, a gossip-making picture, that'll make 'em talk.ALSO PATHE NEWS; AL ST. JOHN IN "PAST AND FURIOUS."MONDAY- WM. FOX PRESENTS : -MONDAY"O'VER, THE HILL"The story of a great love a, mother love. The wonder picture of the century that will live forever. Come see this wonderful mother lovestory and hear the "HARMONY QUINTETTE" Special Music.MATRIMONIALA Becord of Dan Cnpid's DoingS'A&The Days Go ByBABY SWALLOWS SAFETY PINAnn Moore, little daughter of Mr.and Mrs. T. E. Moore, Jr., formerlyof Paris, now residing in Hazard,swallowed an open safety pin whilevisiting at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Addams, in Cynthiana, parents'of Mrs. Moore A physician was summoned and after several unsuccessful attempts to dislodge the pin, thechild was taken to Cincinnati, accompanied by her mother, and Mr."Wm. Addams and Miss Lucy Addams. An X-ray examination wasmade by a specialist showed the pinhad passed into the stomach. Thespecialist assured Mrs. Moore therewas no further danger of the pinpenetrating the intestines. The partyreturned to Cynthiana.oNEW HOUSE FOB SALEPARKER HUNTERMiss Stella Hunter, of Masoncounty, and Thos. A. Williams, of . LouisvilleBourbon county, were married anthe home of the bride's parents, Mr.and Mrs. R. M. Parker, near Burton--irillo 4-n TVfacrn nmintv Viv n minis-!ter of the Methodist church.The groom is a former resident ofMason county. His bride is a popular and attractive young woman.past several years has been superintendent of the First ChristianChurch Sunday School at Corbin.He is a. graduate of K. C. & B. College, of North Middletown. ' Duringthe late war he was in the serviceof the United States Navy, in thePay Department.they were united in marriage byRev. R. G. Sheerer, pastor of theFirst Christian church, of 'Corbin.ESCAPED FB0M ASYLUMCornelius Hunt, formerly of Mays-Mr. and Mrs. JUverman win oe at vine, who has been an inmate of thethe home of the bride's parents until Kentucky Hospital for the Insane,they, have finished their attractive at Lexington, for six years, madenew bungalow. The out-of-town his escape from that institutionMr. Everman has guests were Mrs. J. A. Gilkey and Wednesday night, and came to Parisjbeen a resident of Corbin for a num- daughter, Harriett Oneida, and son, Telephone messages to the Paris po' ber of years in the employ of the i John, of Paris, Mrs. A. D. Patterson, lice asked for his return. Patrol-of Louisville, Mrs. Chelcie Barger man Roy Turner located Hunt andand daughter, Peggie, of Columbia, held him at police headquarters unMrs. I. N. Phipps, of Chanuta, Kan- til the arrival of C. D. Wills, a Hossas, Mrs. A. T. Montgomery, of pital attendant, who took him back& Nashville RailroadCompany as assistant chief clerk.The home was beautifully decorated with pot plants and cut flow-BROCK FAULKNERi ers that formed the back ground for i Wichita, Kansas, E. C. Kash, Rail- to Lexington.'tne ceremony ana an improvised al- road Commissioner, of Frankfort, Hunt wanted the officer to entar festooned with southern smilaxMr. Marion F. Gilkey and James H. with him to one of the Paris banks,and roses. Miss Laura Creech, of j Everman, of Paris. I where, he stated, he had a largePineville, sang in her sweetest man-j The following announcements have amount of money on deposit . Hener, "Because." Mrs. Burdette ; been received by Bourbon county wanted to get a check cashed for theA mirriaee license was issued 0wens ed the lovely strains of J relatives and friends of the bride- purpose of purchasing a saddle horseTuesday from the office of County wnc fnr , . .. lnrfro . n mnj.ny, i5Clerk Pearce Paton to Miss Vioajed Jn ,n the following order. MrBrock, daughter of Thos W. Brock, , BveMnan his best man his brotnerof near Winchester and James M-Mr James Evermail) of Paris fol.Faulkner, of Lexington son of Rus- Led by the matr(m Qf honor Mrgsell Faulkner, of Bourbon county. chester Lewis of Middlesboro, MissAfter obtaining their papers thek, v AcW f Tivni c .,. fI i.J.1 J ...Wl , UJ. HUVW1.V, 14.VJ !""" VJ.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar S. Ballannounce the marriage of theirdaughterMargaret JanetoMr. Henry Esli Evermanon Saturday, August the twelfth,to ride to Maysville, where, he said,I he was going to take a position inone of the banks. Hunt is wellknown to many Paris people who formerly resided in Maysville.The fellow who watches the clockyoung couple impaired to the resi- h then came th bride on ftdence of Kev. W. Ji. Jiiins, pastor or arm Qf her fatner and was met at Nineteen hundred and twenty-two, can hardly expect to be anythingthe Paris Christian church, where .. ,. b M 'sverman where' at Corbin, Kentucky. " but one of the hands.fhQTr uroro marrioH ThP 1 ttPTirlnn TR ' 'thev were married. The attendantswere Miss Vola Dundon and Mr. !Strauder Harney, both of Paris.Mrs. Faulkner and her husbandare both well-known in Paris, wherethey have often been guests of,friends. Both were students at!Transylvania College and at theUniversity of Kentucky. Mr. Faulk- Jner is still a student at the Collegeof the Bible, and resides in Lexing- iton, having charge of a church at ISmithfield, in Fayette county. Mr.and Mrs. Faulkner will reside inLexington for a time.NEW 7-B00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTKIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOBTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOUBBON LUHBEB CO.(nov25-tn1iis?.J1?$t'' ftFINSURANCEiXTJI -LetWJACOBY SCOTTThe many friends and relativesof Miss Emma Jacoby, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Mitt B. Jacoby, ofHutchison, this county, will be surprised to learn of her marriage atIndianapolis, Ind., last Monday, toMr. J. C. Scott, a traveling salesman of that city.Miss Jacoby left Paris Mondaymorning for Lexington, accompaniedby her guest, Mrs. John Stewart, ofParis, ostensibly for the purpose ofdoing some shopping. They weremet there by Mr. Scott, and thethree motored to Indianapolis, whereMr. Scott and Miss Jacoby were married that afternoon at the ClaypoleHotel.The bride is an unusually attractive young woman, a musician of exceptional talent, and a graduate ofthe Millersburg College. The bridegroom is a son of Mr. and Mrs. J. C.Scott, Sr., of' Indianapolis, and represents the Stoll Oil Company, out ofLouisville. Mr. and Mrs. Jacoby,parents of the bride, are at FrenchLick Springs.attend to Yours.What a dismal feeling it must be to see your property destroyed by fire if it is not insured.TOBACCO INSURANCEGome in and let us insure you. We are agents forstrong, reliable insurance Companies and insurance isgreat protection for a small sum.Thomas, Woodford & BryanBALL EVERMANOne of the most beautiful weddings ever witnessed in Corbin wassolemnized at the lovely hornet ofMrs. H. J. Harris, Gordon avenue,Saturday evening, August 12, 1922,in the presence of relatives and afew intimate friends. The contracting parties were Miss MargaretJane Ball and Mr. Henry Esli Everman. The bride is the accomplished daughter of Mr. and Mrs. O.S. Ball, of Corbin, and by her charming and gracious manner has endeared herself to a host of friends.She is a brunette of unusual type,and never looked lovelierthis occasion.ful creation of white canton jprepe,with earl trimmings, her largepicture hat was of white chiffon,trimmed in aigrettes. Her corsagewas of Killarney roses and valleylilies. 1Mrs. Everman has been thet efficient book keeper at the First National Bank for the nast f ouiwearsand Mr. Everman ia the son oPllra.vJ. A. Gilkey, ofJParia. He is a. jjpungthan onGowned in a bekuti-GREAT REDUCTIONS!Amazing Shoe Values! Buy Now! This is a Wonderful Money SavingClean-Sweep SaleOffering Our Entire Stock, This Season's Latest Styles Footwear, at StartlingPrice Reductions!Ladies' $3.50 to $4.00 newest stylePatent Strap, Tan Lace Oxfords, A Jf"Reduced to JZ.TTuLadies' $4.00 and $5.00 Gradesnewest styles Satin Strap Slippers. Patent Slippers. Reduc- A qpedto.. JZ.UJAnother lot of Ladies' Soft Kid StrapSlippers, turn soles, $2.50 value 4 Mrin this sale Special J B3A great lot of Ladies' Tan Oxfordsand Straps. Values to $4.00. 4 QrSpecial )IbVUBetter Styles, Better Quality, Less Pricek I'll.TSjfy&&Our Prices are Always the LowestClean Sweep Sale of Men's Shoesand Oxfords. Men's $4.00 and$5.00 Tan Shoes and Oxfords, f j) afSale price JZ.UvMen's Newest Style Tan Oxfords andShoes, all latest styles. $5.00 f A jrgrades. Sale price Iw.TUSee these wonderful values WhiteFootwear, and new styles WhiteCanvas Oxfords and Straps. Lowand medium heels. Save money, 4 JJat this sale J .43Men's $3.00 Army last Tan Work 4 apShoes and Scouts. Sale price J BJJ3Sale price Misses' and Children's$3.00 Tan and Patent Slippers. 4 APNow IbliUUMisses' $1.75 White Canvas Slip- J 4 A Jpers. Now J uUxOne lot of Misses' Slippers, value 4 A Ato $2.50. At JI.UUInfant's $i.25 Strap Slippers. EflNow OUCTennis Slippers Barefoot SandalsPlay Oxfords. Great Valueson sale.Men's $2.50 Tan Elk Scout Shoes. -jmA real good shoe. Sale price .. JBJJPOSNER BROSDAN COHEN STAND336 MAIN STREET1 man or terlinf -qualities, and fj'thelpHHBapJ'n v?&& v m$&&$?''izyrv-fr"l " JV -r .rir "Hlsrfilrtr r"31 -2Cc!r,, w-v JW -i.',Sftr.