4THEMr-y,iut "jta' !. ... 4 ..ff?;.&'vkh'IA.'"i",tPUBLLSHED EVERYTUESDAYAND FRIDAY IN THE YEAfilVOLUME XLIITPARIS, BOURBON COUNTRY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1922BOURBON- "'' t-s?-" i .NEWS&ftii. n i1 - . iTHE LEAGUEA CERTAINTYRepresentatives of Six Central Kentucky Towns Meet Here andThresh Out PlansCONCESSION MADE LEXINGTONDelegates from six itowns of Central Kentucky which will have clubsin the newly-organized Blue GrassLeague, met in this city Tuesdaynight, and w,ent over a number ofpoints in dispute, which had been"delaying the game." to use a triteexpression. The towns representedwere Mt. Sterling, Paris, Lexington,Cynthiana, Maysville and Winchester. After a lengthy discussion andconsideration of the points at issuean understanding was reached thatwill bring about unison in the ranks.The delegates expressed the opinion after the meeting that theLeague is now a certainty for thecoming season, and that the work ofputting the teams into the game willsoon begin. Each delegate broughta favorable report from his town.Games will be played on Thursdays and Sundays, according to thedecision reached at the meetingTuesday night. Adoption of the official scedule and some matters ofminor importance will be consideredat a meeting of the League promoters at two o'clock Sunday afternoon,at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington.Thomas Russell, of Maysville, wellknown sport promoter and all-roundgood fellow, and president of theold Blue Grass League, presided atthe Tuesday meeting. In the absence of Secretary Vreeland, of "Winchester, J. C. Owens, of Paris, waselected secretary pro tern.The new League will operate under the ational agreement of organized baseball. An agreement wasreached by which games will beplayed in Lexington, the largest cityon the circuit, nearly every Sunday.The Lexington club will play Sundaygames in Paris.Tanlac strengthens the nerves and"brings back the normal state ofhealth through its effect on the appetite and nutrition of the body.Roche's Drug Store.MothersandFathersLook Here!To raise cash we haveplaced on sale a lot ofBoys'All WoolSuitsat$4.50A price you cannot afford to pass for a Boy'sAll Wool Suit.Be among the thriftybuyers and shop athome We can alwaysgive you the best values."Ole Know Bow"Mitnhall 0.Blakemore4E. F. CANTRILL HOME DAMAGED.joi jru&jciThe handsome two-story frame residence of E. F. Cantrill, on Winches-ter street, was badly damaged by fireOfA llTllfTirkTirri nirri rn.. j ii-.iof unknown origin, Tuesday night.The fire, which was said to haveoriginated in the attic of the house,did damage estimated at about $15,000. In the fire Mr. Cantrill lost alarge part of his furniture andhousehold effects, including a lot ofantique furniture and valuable heirlooms. The damage was placed atabout $15,000, with insurance of$5,000 on the house, and $300 onthe furniture. Mr. Cantrill estimated the loss on the residencedamaged by fire and water as $10,000 on the building and $4,000 onthe contents.The Paris fire department wassummoned by an alarm from Box 26,and did splendid work, but wereconsiderably handicapped at the startby inability to reach the fire withwater from their hose. The residence was one of the handsomest inthe county in its day, and was builtin 1847 by Levi Link, father of Mrs.Cantrill. It was constructed entirely of hand-hewed logs, and afterwardweatherboarded. It has been in thepossession of the family continuouslysince its erection. Years ago it wasthe scene of many enjoyable socialevents, and was noted far and widefor the hospitality dispensed withinits walls.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYAN"SENSIBLE CENSORSHIP" OFFILMS IS FAVOREDJohn B. Elliott, president and general manager of the Phoenix Amusement Company, which controls andoperates the Alamo Theatre andGrand Opera House, in Paris, hasgone on record as being in favor of"sensible censorship" of movingpictures, despite the fact that it willcost his company more than a $100 aday. In a -letter more than $100 aday. In a letter to Dr. Thomas Hollo way, Mr. Elliott says:"In reply to your request, willstate that I am in favor, of sensiblecensorship .of moving pictures. Inmaking this statement, I know thatI will invite the criticism of brotherexhibitors, but, under existing conditions, I think that I can defend myposition. A State board of censorship will cost us over $100 a day.Yet I am in favor of it if they getthe right kinds of minds on theboard."Mr Elliott says that it has alwaysbeen the policy of his company togive the public clean pictures andvaudeville, and that preachers andpriests are invited at all times toview the pictures and that any partthey think should not be shown willgladly be cut out."Let us hope that the Kentuckyboard of censorship will work forthe good of the State and not be ajoke, as most State boards havebeen," Mr. Elliott said.SALE OF CATTLE POSTPONED TOTO-MORROWThe sale of livestock, including anumber of high-class cattle, belonging to H. A. Thomason, whichwas to have been held on Wednesdavwas postponed on account of the bad !weather. The sale will be held atthe shipping pens, on South Mainstreet,at two o'clock to-morrow. (Saturday) afternoon,Don't fail toattend, if you are looking for highi class animals. (It)SPRING MILLINERYSPECIAL SHOWINGFRIDAY, MARCH 10TH, 1922.This showing will include TailoredSport and Dress Hats.MRS MAYME PARKER.(3-3t)REAL ESTATOEALSThe real estate firm of Harris,Speakes & Harris, sold at public auction the fifty-seven acre farm ofBailey Fulconer, located on 'the Ferguson and Green wich pikes, to J. P.Sullivan, of Winchester, for $161.75an acre.Carter N. Martin and Harry L.Mitchell, formerly of Paris, haveformed a partnership in the real estate business in Lexington, whereboth have been residing for several.months. They are men of large experience, in property values, and;ihould do a large busineti, ,---j DR. I. J. SPENCER DIES INtULINOIS HOSPITALJA message yesterdaymorningfrom Peoria, Illinois, to Mrs. V(m. B.Ardery, of Paris, told of the death inAt- iir-Ai- f. . .... .the Methodist Hospital, in Peoria, ofVia. 4-l, T T-v. ,. -r nJher father, Rev. Dr. I. J. Spencer,former pastor of the Central Christian church, in Lexington, aitd oneof the most popular ministers jfcf theState. Dr. Spencer died at fl;45Wednesday night. Mrs. Spence, anda daughter, Miss Eva Spencer, 'trained nurse, who resides in Colifinbia,Mo., were with him to the enld.Since January 8 Dr. Spencer hadbeen supplying the pulpit in thechurch of the Eureka College: Eureka, Illinois, under the management of the Disciples of Christ,while (the pastor, Dr. J.!? M.Phippott, was in Florida. Whe Dr.Spencer became ill with an attackof gall stones he was taken tor thePeoria hospital, where it was f$undhe was too weak to undergo an?bperation. Mrs. Spencer and her daughter were summoned to his bedsidethree days after the attack, and fiavebeen there since. Another daughter,Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, of Pariswasunable to go because of the illness ofher husband and son.Mrs. Spencer wired that the funeral arrangements will be announcedlater.PLANS PERFECTED FOR TRAINING SONG LEADERS -Plans were perfected Wednesdayevening at a conference of the MusicCommittee of Paris Community Service and Mr. Harry Murrison, special representative of the Music Department of Community Service, Inc.,of New York, to conduct a class forthe training of volunteer song leaders, beginning Monday evening,March G, in the auditorium of theHigh School, starting promptly at7:30.This class is intended to give practical instruction in all phases ofcommunity music, including SundaySchool singing, church and congregational singing and massed singingfor all sorts of gatherings and willinclude correct baton movements,thn nno.- , Vthe outstanding points of 6rowd'psychology, program building andclass and individual demonstrations.One of the features of this coursewill be a talk and practical demonstration of the "Requirements of theAccompanist," by Mrs. Murrison,who will assist Mr. Murrison in theconducting of these classes. Specialattention will be given to churchand Sunday school singing and individual problems of members of theclass will be discussed.This class is open to anyone overthe age of 18 who will attend all ofthe meetings and who will then return to their own organizations as !volunteer leaders. At the request of ;the committee, Mr. Murrison has arranged to give this entire course inthree meetings of the class whichwill take place on Monday, Tuesdayand Thursday evenings of next weekand they request that all personscontemplating doing the work will'arrange to attend all of the threesessions, as each is contingent uponthe other.There will be no fees or dues forthis work and it is hoped that allof those persons interested in massed singing in any of its forms willavail themselves of this opportunity and enroll prior to the first meeting. All persons attending these meetings will be required to do the floorwork and no specta-re can be admitted. BOURBON MAN' INTERESTED INCANADA RANCHBuckner Woodford, of Paris, is interested in a very productive ranchof fifteen thousand acres, in Canada,in which he is associated with a party of Lexington men, Jopin Buckley,B. F. Perry, Jas. Stone and W. B.Corbn. The ranch is being extensively worked and developed by alarge force of workers and encouraging reports are being received as tothe development.B. F. Perry, manager of the ranch,has returned from Canada and reports that this year 20,000 bushelsoats and barley were threshed on theplace; 2,885 tons of prairie hay baled,and most of which sold at $17 a ton.There is a grain elevator on the ranchof 50,000 bushels capacity and largestore houses for hay and other products of the farm in addition to thestock barns and other necessaryf btiilding. , . .: -RELIGIOUSARsnniof Events In Religions& uCircles For Iresent andFuturemi, v ?E , ,,, . .-The Young Women's Mission Cir-cle of the Pans Christian church willhold their regular meeting nextTuesday afternoon, March 7, at 2:30o clock, in the church parlors. Allthe members are urged to be present.,hw TGSUlZ mnthly meetlnS !:the Women's Missionary Society ofthe. Christian church will be held inthe church parlors this (Friday) af-ternoon at 2:30 o'clock. The pro-gram will be furnished by the Mis-sionBand Preceding the meetingthe official meeting of the ExecutivelluV f0ffiCe?1an1d Childrenwill be held at two oVlonk....-u., Hnuis was ueia you may give your lip, or thev mavTuesday at the church by the women become alarmed tor fear the knifeof the Baptist church. The sewing may slip down your thr0 Vthatwas m response to a call from Mrs. you are practicing to become aHarriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse for sword swallower. And drinkinghe Bourbon County Health and Wei- from tne Q nkinfzzzzzt s ;ratr -bet the Methodist church nJoLtZTZTZlSunday the Sunday school will meet curse best calculated to p.eTse andat 9: SO am. with good s.nging, protect them. Children could learncompetent teachers, and a most hear- manners as they learn to talk ony welcome for everybody. At 10:45 consciously. Incases where 'twthe Pastor Her. C. H. Greer, will have not the benefit of home examplepreach on "Enduced for Service" and the teacher can doubtless do muchat the close of the service will bap- by insistence upon' some good gentu. and receive new members. The eral rule, and more by providing aEpworth League will meet at 6:15 good example in his or her own per!p. m. and the pastor will preach son.again at 7:00 p. m. A most cordialwelcome is extended to every one toattend all servces.CHRISTIAN CHURCH NOTESServices will be held at theusual time, both evening and morning. In the morning Rev. W. E.Ellis will speak on "The Signs ofthe Times," and in the evening willwill preach an evengelistic sermon.Bible School will meet promptly at9:30. The young men are cordiallyinvited to hear Mr. Virgil Chapman'slesson study.Sunday is designated as 100 BiLble Scho1- WiU you come out andKrv to niRlce it thnt? " -Christian Endeavor will meet in V 12 a' m' choice pies baked athe church parlors at 6 p. m. The PJes' Vienna rolIs' barbecued meats,topic will be "Better Home Life." ftc" PrePared the best houseMiss Elizabeth Rule will be the keePeJs f the county. Funds releader ceived from this sale will be addedn i.j ttt -. rto the memorial fundsPrayer meeting Wednesday even- u'ing at 7 p. m.The Young Women's Mission Circlewill hold its regular meeting Tuesday, March 7, at 2:30, in the churchparlors.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHAt the Presbyterian church Sunday night there will be a Congregational Sing." The church is fortunatein securing Mr. Murrison to leadthis song feast for them. All thosewho enjoy a rousing congregationalsinging are invited to this "GospelSong Meet." The subjects for thesermons are, morning: "The Passing of the Impossible." Evening."A Thoroughbred On the Way toHell. Usual hours of worship. TheYoung Men's Bibe Class meets at9:45 in the balcony of the church.Rev. T. S. Smylie is the leader.During the month of March thestudies will be in the "Beginnings."Sunday morning the subject is "TheBeginning of Man." Those who donot attend Bible classes elsewhereare invited to begin membership inthis class.At a joint meeting of the eldersand deacons of the Presbyterianchurch some time ago, the last Sunday in March was set for the canvass for the annual budget of thechurch. Mr. Garrett Jefferson, themanager for 1922, is planning thedetails of the campaign, which willculminate the 26th of March.oSPRING COATSSPRING COATS AT THE LEADERDEPARTMENT STORE.cTOBACCO SPECULATORS SUED INHARRISON COUNTYJ. R. Jones, member of the boardof directors of the Burley ' TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Associationand prominent citizen of Cynthiana,has filed a suit for ? 10,0 00 damagesagainst Hez Harris, Joe W. Anoldand George Wallingford, well-knownspeculators in unpooled tobacco inthe loose leaf market there, chargingJ that the defendants sold tobacco inthe -loose leaf warehouse of the Clarence LeBus & Sons Company in .thename of the plaintiff, thereby damaging him in the aum of' $10,00 6.'THEthG ZLZt V i J 'the movement for teaching mannersWe can see no goodm tne Public schools, but it should,not be 'forgotten that manners, likelanSuases, are best acquired uncon-sciously nd thpractice. There fa afor every social convention wWproperly a part of gQQd mawhere there is no guch SQundfoP any fasni0nable course, it is onlya fad Which dies a natl deathwnen it has had its dayBooks on etiquette might contentthemselves with the single rule "Dowhat is most kindly and sensib andlogical, and refrain from whatmight cause discomfortothers." Eating with the knife is noty reprehensible in itself, but-i u, ,. '"" may -snuauer over the cutTake a TlftAfr in Crtmn P U- -r. .restaurants some day or night, if youwant to see what we are driving at, See the "sword swallowpr" nWf and w the "le noise!Rn0 nDnnin ,. . lLi"ie noisesv. rwViC iudne m aDsoromg theirtooa, and you will wonder if theyhad ever known civilization and goodmanners.SALE OF EDIBLESOn account of inclement weather,the Bourbon County Women's ClubT '7 sale "da FriMarch 3, at Mammoth Garage from?TEACHING MANNERS INPUBLIC SCHOOLFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSOur Buyers HaveReturned from theEastern MarketsWe are now showing new goodsn every department. Wash Goods,Silks, Woolen Goods, Hand Madeand Pongee Waists, Silk Street,Dinner and Evening Frocks, Suits,Coats and Capes. New Neckwear,Belts and Girdles.The prices on the above mentioned merchandise is astonishinglylow.v t rniw.j!-HFRANK&CO.LADIES', OUTFITTERS - -v&FAIR TREATMENTF0RGR0WERSPassonneau Urges Tobacco Kern T;Accord Fair Treatment To .All OthersRIGHTS MUST BE RESPECTEDUrging members of the Barley Totbacco Growers Co-operative Association to endeavor to enlist oil thfirneighbors in the organization for thtnext five years, but impressing uponthem the necessity of full consideration to endeavor to enlist theirpursuance of a course that recognizes these rights and will leave nofeeling against the association, Colonel Joseph Passonneau, chief of thefield service division, gave out - astatement to the members of the association, in which he said that thpursuance of such a policy would, inhis opinion, result in the signing upof a 100 per cent membership amonthe burley growers.Colonel Passonneau said the meiwho remained out of the associationwould suffer the disadvantage of lower prices, pointed out that, with onexception the western cooperativehad succeeded and that this one exception had failed to recognize therights of others to remain out if theydesired to do so."Approximately 85 per cent of thegrowers of burley tobacco have joinedthe association. These men ioinpi? .p- ,cause they believed that the cooperative selling of burley tobacco would 4he to their own benefit, and 'onie-aaently would benefit every branch o'fbusiness in the burley district 'The15 per cent that stayed -out in mosfrj instances, probably believed that itwoum ay them better and be of morebenefit to the whole business of theState if the tobacco association w-sn.n formed. Some beKeveft conscicntfously that the manufacturerswould bay them better and be of moreothers doubted, the possibility of successful managing of an organizationas large as the burley cooperative.But the manufacturers are huying.,..our tobacco and paying us a verygood price for it. Efficient and economical management has been instituted, consequently, there can be offered no good objection to the association in the future'. We want tomake it unanimous."YHk.MJr,1!if;3ma'to&- t'itlj-A Lir.'4;i-i'?' tV-VJh5? 'PJGE TWO2VERIFY ITT5kt ProofIs In Paris, AlmostYour DoorAtThe public statement of a Paris'wcitixen is in itself strong proof for.i?ari people, .but confirmation-trcthens the evidence.Here is a Paris citizen who testi--;fiedyears ago that Doan's KidneyhSPills relieved weak kidneys and nowstte6 the result was permanent.C&n any sufferer from kidney ills.ja.sk better proof? You can investigate. The case is right at home.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills a few times and"from the benefit obtained I can say"they are a good reliable remedy."Whenever my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back had been weaknd lame I have always found a box-or so of Doan's Kidney Pills, whichI get at Ardery's Drug Store to relieve the complaint quickly."The above statement was given.November 10, 1916, and on Novem"ber 12, 1920, Mrs. Burley said: "I3iaven't changed my opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills and recommend-hem just as highly to-day as whenJL gave my statement in 1916. The-cure Doan's .Kidney Pills made forme at that time has been permanent." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tdimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-Milburn,!o., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv,40Spokane Owns a Mountain.Spokane is said to be the only city!n America to own a mountain. It isthirty miles from the city and iscalled Mount Spokane.Derivation of "Ozark."Ozark is a corruption of the French-words aux arcs, meaning "with bows,"term descriptive of the Indians whoinhabited the country.Income TaxReturnsIndividuals and partnerships,Can prepare a limited number.Office at Bourbon News, 320JMain Street.J. R. HOWE.Still AnotherSPECIAL!VAN ALLMAN'S8-oz. 20c Pure Fruit 10lAJelly IZ2C9-oz. 15c Pure Apple 1 flnButter lUb16-oz. 30c Pure Apple OflnButter LMXtLogan HowardBoth Phones 179"The Home of Good Thingsf to Eat"nPARIS, KY,gan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL,Jt$60,000.005 ISURPLUS, $26,000.00OFFICERSYruk P. Kiaer, PresidentM. I. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. K. Mitchell, CashierJm. W. Yerkss, Am't CashierDam Feed, Jr., Bookkeeper...FARMERSRADFRSAEWTORIAL FUNGSThe Bell telephone system boastsof having invented a device by whichthe footfalls of an approaching flymay be heard. But they could render a greater service to humanityand the public in general if theywould invent something that wouldenable the operators to hear theirbells when a subscriber tries callingthem for thirty minutes.Robins, bluebirds and blackbirds,said to be harbingers of spring, havemade their appearance in Paris. Wehave known this to happen manytimes before. "We have also heard offarmers being driven out of the fieldsthey were plowing by heavy snowstorms. We hope the return of thebirds is a sure sign of the early arrival of spring but how are we going to get around the ground hogtheory?MOTHER! OPEN CHILD'S BOWELS WITH CALIFORNIAPIG SYRUPYour little one will love the"fruity" taste of "California FigSyrup" even if constipated, bilious,irritable, feverish, or fullof cold. Ateaspoonful never fails to cleansethe liver and bowels. In a few hoursyou can see for yourself how thoroughly it works all the sour bile,and the undigested food out of thebowels and you have a well, playful child againMillions of mothers keep "California Fig Syrup" handy. They knowa teaspoonful to-day saves a sickchild to-morrow. Ask your druggist for genuine "California FigSyrup" which has directions for babies and children of all ages printed on bottle. Mother! You mustsay "California" or you may get animitation fig syrup.(adv-F-tf)o" Washing Umbrellas.Umbrellas should be washed occasionally. Stand thenif open, in a bathtub, scrub with a small hand brushand rinse with a hath spray.oEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple any woman can dye or tint her old worn,faded things new. Even if she neverdyed before, she can put a rich, fadeless color into shabby skirts, dresses,waists, coats, stockings, sweaters,coverings, draperies, hangings, everything! Buy Diamond Dyes noother kind then perfect home dyeing is guaranteed. Just tell yourdruggist whether the material youwish to dye is wool or silk, or whether it is linen, cotton, or mixed goods.Diamond dyes never streak, spot,fade, or run. v (adv)oMonkey in a Muff.A monkey was used by a cleverwoman thief to commit a series ofthefts from jewelers' shops in Paris.The creature was so tiny that she carried it in a big muff. Then while itsmistress was standing at such distancefrom the counter as disarmed suspicion, the monkey would thrust out along, spider-like arm and snatch andconceal a ring or brooch. It was ashop detective, hidden in a galleryabove and watching with the aid of reflecting mirrors, who at last detectedthe trick.BMGHTE1M$,,YiVryJust HistoryIn 7iThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She srreeted her guestsBy Cotl Ofl light.And later on,How time does passHer home was lit xBy flickering Gas.Bat the girl oi to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.DYE OLD WRAP, SKIRT;SWEATER, CURTIS,IN DIAMOND RYESParis Gas & Electric Co.' (Iicoryorated)TE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYBBIKlj AMD J I K SBBBBsHiBBBBBBBBiHKXMI ' &S aBBBBBBBBBBfBS' vSsrj t cwMT.oy appppjWBBBbKT 9f '7)70n WM "" C I faBBBBBVBbBBbV 1 ' KnWfclTOlMCI aBBBBBBBBUBBBBBBBBtl 'jMuf Wilt B BBBBBBBBBr"What Tanlac lias donefor others it will do foryou. Get a bottle fromyour druggist today.FIFTEEN CENT ADVANCE ON-TOBACCO CROPEarl Hardwick, of near Carlisle,holds the record for Nicholas countyfor advance received on his tobacco.The tobacco is of a new variety andwas grown from seed given him lastyear by the late John T. Collins, ofParis.Mr. Hardwick delivered to theBurley pool association house atCarlisle 4,065 pounds of tobacco forwhich he received an advance of fifteen cents per pound. The crop issaid to be one of the best deliveredin Carlisle this season.HOW'S THIS ?HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE willdo what -we claim for it rid your systemof Catarrh or Deafness caused by catarrh. "We do not recommend it for anyother disensHALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aliquid, taken internally, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfaces ofthe system, thus reducing the inflammation and assisting Nature in restoringnormal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo, Ohio.' oA Long Psdigres!A Bostonian was boasting about hisancient lineage when another manroughly told him that he was a meremushroom. "Why," continued thespeaker, "when I was in London thepedigree of a particular family wasshown me which tilled five large parchment skins, and near the middle of itwas a note on the margin: "Aboutthis time the world was created."Boston Transcript.DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST REbULTSECONOMICALQUICKIIRuddyCheeks SparklingEyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Edwards, a -Well-KnownOhio PhysicianDr.RM.Edwards for 17 years treatedscores of women for liver and bowel ailments. During these years he gave tohis patients a prescription made of afew well-known vegetable ingredientsmixed with olive oil, naming themDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets. You willknow them by their olive color.These tablets are wonder-workers onthe liver and bowels, which cause anormal action, carrying off the wasteand poisonous matter in one's system.If you have a pale face, sallow look,dull eyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, a listless, no-good feeling, all outof sorts, inactive bowels, you take oneof Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets nightlyfor a time and note the pleasing results.Thousands of women and men takeDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the successful substitute for calomel now andthen just to keep them fit 15c and SCc.TOBACCO SEEDGenuine Judy's Pride TobaccoSeed for sale, $1.25 per ounce. Seethe undersigned at the tobacco warehouses. (3feb-tf) S. K. NICHOLS.A CLEAR MEMTREESFor Spring Planting!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsStrawberries"" Grape VinesPerennialsEvergreensHedgingEtc.Seed PotatoesEverything for the Orchard,.Lawn and Garden. A largeillustrated catalog and guidesent on request.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsA Nursery Word in KentuckyLexington, Kentucky(tilll5apr)'-"'wWe Buy and SellAll" kinds of huosehold goods.A large line of heating stoves nowon display. Get our prices beforeyou buy.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cupib. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf)Home-Made Candies !Mrs. W. S. Scantland makes homemade candies a specialty. Try apound at 50c to $1.00 a pound.Phone me your orders for anyamount. Cumberland Phone 939.(24-2t)5"Administrator'sNOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of J. H. Brooks, deceased,are hereby notified to present sameproperly proven by law, to underundersigned administrator of suchand payment. All such claims notpresented within the legal time, willbe barred. All persons knowingthemselves in debt to the estate ofthe said J. H. Brooks, deceased, arehereby notified to call and make fulland complete settlement with theundersigned admanistrator of suchindebtedness.SARAH B. BROOKS,Administrator of J. H. Brooks.(l7-3wks,NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Charles E. Butler, Sr.,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment. All such claims not presented within the legal time will bebarred.All persons knowing themeselvesindebted to the estate of the saidCharles B. Butler, Sr.. deceased, arehereby notified to call and make fulland complete settlement of such indebtedness with the undersignedAdministrator.FRANCES V. BUTLER,Administrator of Chas. E. Butler Sr(17-3wks)AMNISTRATOR'$230 Cut in Price of International 8-16 TractorNew Price $670 A&and a P. & O. z-Furrow Plow FREESpecial Offer Effective February 3rdThe Harvester Comnanv will srive to each fnrmpr nnrjjcinrr -p 0 , tnational 8-16 tractor or a new Titan 10-20 tractor, for delivery on or before May 1st1922, a regular P. & O. 2-furrow plow with each International 8-16 tractor and regularP. & 0. 3-furrow plow with each Titan 10-20 tractor absolutely free, fob ChicagoThis is not a stnoped tractor, pared down to make a price, but complete with all ewr.tial equipment friction clutch pulley, fenders, platform, Ihrottle-governor.adiijst.hildrawbar, angle lugs, brakes. This equipment, worth more than a hundred dollars an?necessary on any tractor to make it serviceable and safe, is included in our nnVp Noextras to buy. - puce, nuG. S.sygjs -jj J, IJBIeFISH - FBJi- nSHSalmon, 15c per pound;Catfish, 30c pound;Red Snapper, 30c per pound;Mullet, 13 c per pound.J. BENNETT TARR,(24 2t) Cum. Phone 802.AUCTIONEERLet me be your auctioneer forsales of any kind. I have had fouryears' experience as auctioneer, andI will try my very best to give youa good deal. My rates will be satisfactory. Give me a trial. At Fordham Hotel after February 12.BRYAN WILLIAMS.(jan31-tf)M ft li iiaiij..f..T..T..T..t...,y tt1I-'I'GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTHDay137i ; i n 1 1 : m iOne of the most necessary precepts in every home is saving. Your greatest help in saving is a telephone.Saves time which is money. Saves steps. Forestallstrouble. May save a life or your home. Brings the doctoror firemen quicker. No argumentagainst a telephone.Order a HOME Telephone to-day.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGBall GarageFRIDAY, MARCH I, 1128.INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to LexingtonLexington To Paris7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.x10:05 a. m. 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. J 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. jl. 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. -1:00 p. m.3:05 a.,m,' J 2:00 p. m.4:05 p. m. a 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. "" 4:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 5:00 p. m.7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m!8:15-p. m. 7:00 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10-p. m.11:55 p. m. v 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly hook,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TEACH0NMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TEB-r T 1 1 1 , IlllllllllltllllHUCTELEP HON ESNight200w. i 1 1 ihmiiiiiiumto May 1st, 1922With the Titan at $700, and aP. & O. plow free (a plow wevsell at $125. 00) 'you are oiferedthe best and most economics,outfit you can take into thifield or put on a belt. Neitherhorses nor any other tractorcan beat it.Greatest Tractor. Values EverOffered'JUNE M, 121V" -aWjXVJb -T"-"j.'i- 'fr ;fv-4T- 4- o40M"FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1922.MRS. L. RIEBSON. . ... I ' . . ." , ,i rt-mmltfWv'Wl&Stomach Trouble?Are You Nervous?Why Not Enjoy Perfect Health?Winston-Salem, N. C I suffered for about eight months withnervous indigestion, and had severaldoctors to see me but found no reliefuntil a friend suggested Dr. Pierce'sMedicines. I was not able to sleep atnight and could not eat, just lived onsweet milk and bread. I began totake Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-;covery and took one bottle of Dr.Pieice's Favorite Prescription, withwonderful relief. 'I am now past 40,but feel just as I did at 19. I alsogave the Discovery to my children,and now I am giving it to my grandchildren. "You will always find a bottle ofDr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discoveryin my home, and I will recommend itto anyone suffering from nervousness."Mrs. Jzie Rierson, 2415 Hege St.' You can quickly put yourself inA-l condition by going to your druggist and obtaining Dr. Pierce's GoldenMedical Discovery, in tablets or liquid,or write Dr. Pierce, President Invalids'Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y., for free advice.THRuBQURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCR1r1 V ,r AGS THRUNBOURBON POSTAMERICAN LEGIONUSERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. This& a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,JOB DEPARTMENT.Thought for the Day."One may be very happy if he hatonly industry, integrity and intelll:fence ; but he will not get very far inbuilness unless he has also initiative."Money back'without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES1 (Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Ringworm.Tetter or other itching 6km diseases. Try thistreatment at our risk.VABDXN & SOU,Paris, Ky.FLORALAGENTFlowersFor AllOccasionsGotten onShortNotice.Phone MeYour Order.Jo S. VardenAgentDistrict schools in Moffat county,Colorado, had decided to close theirdoors for a period of weeks, due toinsufficient funds. The American Legion succeeded in raising $916 tokeep them going,' taking the standthat "a shortening of the school termor a curtailment of athletics wouldhe a backward stej, depriving children of rightful advantages?'Ex-service men in Alabama willvote without paying a poll tax. AState amendment, hacked by theAmerican Legon, grants them theexemption.The Chamber of Commerce, ofPittsburg, Pa., home of Secretary ofthe Treasury Mellon, has voted forthe American Legion's adjusted compensation bill. Almost at the sametime the Chamber at Los Angeles,Cal., with 9,000 members- and called the largest in the United States,endorsed the bonus. Calling the U.S. Chamber's tactics unfair, thelocal commerce board at El Dorado,Kan., denied its membership andthen voted for the compensationmeasure,Discharged by a Wall Street banking house for refusing to write letters to Congress attacking adjustedcompensation, an ex-service man hasturned to the American Legion atNew York for help in finding another position. He was one of threeout of 250 employes, who refused tosell his pen.The Legion secured his affidavitstating that typewritten forms werepassed out by the firm to all workerswth an order that each employehand in unsealed letters, one toPresident Harding and three to Congressmen, and the remark that "youfellows had better write these lettersto-night if you want to keep yourjobs."QUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HabitCHARGES REPUBLICAN. SCHEMETO USE THE MOVIESCharges that a group of Republicans who expect to be candidates foroffice next fall have discussed with"severaj managers of the motionpicture industry" plans for "usingthe big money picture trust to Hoodthe country with propaganda helpful to the Republicans" were madeby Representative A. B. Rouse, ofKentucky, chairman of the NationalDemocratic Congressional Committee. He concluded a formal 'Statementin which he declared campaignplans had been discussed at a luncheon at a Washington hotel, with anassertion that the moving picture industry must "keep out of politics.""I do not believe the men whoown the controlling stock in themotion picture industry will countenance this." Mr. Rouse's statement said. "In the first 'place theyhave too much sense to jeopardizethe success of their business, andin the second place I believe mostof them are Democrats."Even the Republican theatricalmen know that everything shownon the screen in recent months connected with the present Administration has been unpopular. Every theatregoer comments on this. Beforethis procedure is allowed to start itwould be well for the heads of thebusiness to reflect and to ask themselves whether they can afford togo into politics at this time."Fashion -Knew No Mercy.In the days when gull wings andbreasts were in demand for women'shats and when the law afforded noprotection to the . feathered tribes,they were slaughtered by thousandsall along the coast. Millinery agentsfrom New York would conduct expeditions, accompanied by expert skinners, to the breeding grounds of theseafowl and hire local gunmen to dothe killing. One woman in a singleseason brought back 10,000 tern skinsfrom Cobbs island, Virginia. Morethan 500,000 tern skins were collectedin one season in the sounds of Northand South Carolina.Bourbon Egg MashThe Cheapest and Bett Egg Producer You Can Bujt 'SOLD BYR. F. COLLIER .rTRADE AT HOME"Say It With Candy"You're Safe if It's the Right KindMISS HOLLADAYNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break the habit. Whenever youhave a longing for a smoke or chew,just place a hormless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire stops. Shortly the habit iscompletely broken, and you are better off mentrly, physically, financially-It's so dasy, so simple. Geta box of No-To-Bac and if it doesn'trelease you from all craving for tobacco in any form, your druggistwill refund your money withoutquestion. (F-tf)Robins Sing All Year Round.The robin and the wren are the onlybirds that sing all the year round.All other birds have periodical fits ofsilence.Banner LyeKST7Tti?pBBwS&py?aflff'pA &vr3iiSBis easy to useNo other lye is packed so safely and. conveniently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfectsso easily and thoroughly as Banner Lye. Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever known. Use it for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, forsoftening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in half.Makes pure soapand saves money besides. A can ofBanner Lye, 5j pounds of kitchen grease,ten minutes' easy work (no boiling or largekettles), and you have 10 pounds of best hardsoap or 20 gallons of soft soap.Banner Lye ssoi by your erocer or druggists.Write to us for free booklet, " Utesof Banner Lye."The Perm Chemical Works Philadelphia U A(274an-25t-P)xiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiimmiiiiiiniiiiiiiiinjWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesElectric WashingI Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing i Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates1!That are Very, Practical and Ornamental. .T. W. SPICERmgflttmvmAwmmmmmMMmmMMMMMoMnaetipe 2c ' 5DtsfinejrveM MtvireThe Kihd You Can Be Proud OfNo woman is ever so happy as when in her own home when the home is pleasingly furnish- -edto suit her. Every dollar you invest in good furniture bought NOW pays daily dividends -inpride and satisfaction, and you should be governed accordingly. When buying furnitureyou should think of the future, an investment made today, if properly made will without adoubt pay dividends in Jnride, satisfaction and service in many years to come. Only thebest obtainable furniture will give this degree of satisfaction, that is the kind of furniturewe now offer. xOUR FEB. AND MARCH SALE ALL THIS MONTHThis 4-Piece Bedroom SetQueen Anne BuffetsOne of these correctly designedperiod buffets will make a decided improvement in the appearance of the dining room.Those featured at this lowprice, may be had in the 60 or66 in. size. They are made ofgum-wood posts, panels andtops have beautiful veneer.Your choice of walnut or mahogany finish.OUR""ADVERTISEMENTSAs important as the financialsection of the daily newspaperis to the business man, so justly pertinent is the value of ouradvertisements to the housewife and home-maker.To provide a comfortable andbeautiful home is an art initself. Our advertisementsjive the home-maker authenticinformation upon the Art oflaking her home more beautiful. ,Make it a habit to look for ouridvertisements, and READTHEM. AA set of four pieces in an unusually attractive and appealingdesign, so surprisingly lowly priced at $135. The set as shownconsists of the bow-end bed, chiffonier anfl tall vanity-case. Setis in the Queen Anne period style and is one that will appeal toyour sense of beauty. Your choice of walnut or mahogany finish. This 10-Piece Suite in Oak $176A ten piece dining suite is quite common the qualityof the pieces which make up this suite, offset any dining roomvalue you have ever seen, and makes this suite at our presentprice a RARE value. All tops, panels and rails are veneeredstyle of suite is Queen Anne. Chairs have genuine leather seats.Finish in Antique Polychrome.Odd Dressers$34.50Massive in proportion built as-comfortable as can be. The one-shown as well as many others -inour assortment- All offeredat this price have the full construction. Ball mounts ara'fin-ished mahogany. A wide rangeto pick from.QUIC ' I-ADVERTISEMENTSOur advertisements, reflectingthe policies of this organizationin its daily messages to the Pfer-;lie endeavors to cite the mqsfcrimportant news of the day, thit;has to do with the furnishingand making of better homes.For the welfare of home-man- -.agersand those who contemnplate furnishing their futurehomes: we suggest that touifollow closely our daily messages-They present the day's " .news interestingly and inthVvtrue light v x '?You can't afford to miss reading our advertisements bydoing so you miss much. -MPirf;gHwwFE-w.smii!ipoiHggBfll7g-Bggf;mm?m-zmwmmumkkk-mnm-.-mnmnmam-A. F. Wheeler Furniture4..MiM......i..i....i..i..i..Hi4.i.i.i ! tmiiFEBRUARY. AND MARCH ;5:i sale :':S THISMONTH tt- . !e-w A 'oiiipanyCHAS. GREENE, Muaget $! JLii" ' " 1 4 stirQl 1 IHIIHIllHlltllllMirTRY TRADINGWITH US.YOU fill UKE IT t"- ;n '"HuinfinimhimrmTMAIN STREETOFF. COURT HOUSE 4;4y jMfrfegvaMB -5? J?'-"wiMillMMIMIIIIMIIIIMIIII HIM- A L - - . 'x gHEHBEBBBBBSgBBBSKSS-v ITUB MtiKBDR tiEWSPAMS, gBMUCfcYkC,t FOURFRIDAY, MXltCHM, ISff.3BHr""Wi -tBIRTHSAt toeir home joh tlie PeacockBOTJBBOM EXHrSHTOXS ATLITESTOK SHOWTHElfcOtfFEREHCE tSF EXECUTIVESHEEDXEEE TUESDAY-vwivThe 'Shorthorn Congress show ndk1a "hplri nnminllv nt- n.hiflaea. is antke. near Paris, to the wife of Geo. . . ... forward to b aUTaoor, a daughter. Southern breeders. This show isAt the Mtssle Memorial Hospi- sec)ni only in importan;e t0 the m-tal, mi this city, Tuesday afternoon, ternational Livestock Expositionto the wife of John Maher, of near hM in ch eyery cemheTt andjtmxis, a aaugnter. Mrs. maner wasformerly Miss Cora Lee, daughter ofMrs. B. V. Lee, of Paris.Near Shawhan, to the wife of-James "Vandy, twin girls, named Ivaand Ida Vandy.Give nature a chance. Take Tanlac, nature's own medicine. Roche'sDrug Store. (adv)"The Pride of Paris"EVERY DAYSPHERE ARRIVESAUTHENTICMODELSINNEWSPRINGGARMENTSSEE THEMATthe "breeders value the prizes won atany show during the year. TheCongress which has just come to aclose, was one of the most interesting ever held and the breeders werehighly pleased with the session. Atotal of 229 head of registeredShorthorn cattle were brought toChicago for a "big show and thenwere sold at public auction for verysatisfactory prices.Goff and Rice, Shorthorn breedersof Paris, showed five head and received fourth place on their goodyearling heifer, Rosemary 44th, bytheir herd bull, Liberty Stamp721316. In the sale she sold for$425 to Buckland Hall Farm, ofNokesville, Va.oNEW HOUSE FOE SALE. -vMETTKATISH .NEW 7-B00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOUEBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnY. M. C. A. NOTES11 IjJJDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYNEWTAXI !New MachineReal ServiceAnywhereAny TimeTuesday night about one hundredfathers and sons gathered at the Y.M. C. A. gymnasium for the annual"Father-and-Son Banquet." An interesting program was rendered.In the early part of the programa series of games was presented bythe "sons" who were placed in competition with the "fathers," whowere not slow to see that their dayhad about passed, and they were notas spry as they used to be. Stillthey managed to win a large numberof the events.Following the athletic stunts amusical program was rendered, withMiss Elise Varden at the niano.Ermest Hartley, new musical director at the Paris Grand, rendered several violin solos. Harry Kerslakerendered several solos, and HarryMurrison, Community Service songleader, led the assembly in a numberof patriotic songs. L. F. (Dad) Zerfoss, Boys' Secretary of the Lexington Y. M. C. A., gave a talk on"The Comradeship of Father andSon," after which the guests marched by twos past the kitchen door,where they were served with refreshments. Many mothers of theyoung sons occupied seats in thebalcony, and were intensely interested in the proceedings of the"wise men" on the floor.M. Peale Collier, president of theParis Commercial Club, presided onTuesday over the sessions of the executives' conference of presidentsand secretaries of Central Kentuckycommercial organizations, held at Y.M. C. A., at which subjects of vitalimportance to Paris and other Central Kentucky cities were discussed.The business session and luncheonoccupied the time from noon until2:30 p. m.Secretary Frank Dunn, of the Lexington Board of Trade, strongly advised co-operation of all the commercial organizations, looking to the improvement of the educational program of the State, in order thatKentucky may rise above the fortysixth place in point of illiteracy inthe Union. Barney J. Tracey, president of the Lexington organization,also spoke in favor of co-operation,and extended an invitation for thenext meeting of the directors of theexecutive conference to be held inLexington some time in March to include directors of the commercialclubs, as well as the presidents andsecretaries. Other speakers on theprogram were C M. Jouett and H.Clay Smith, president and secretaryof the Cynthiana Chamber of Commerce; P. H. Nunnelley, president ofthe Georgetown Boosters' Club; Jas.M. Caldwell, Rudolph Davis andHarpld Harris, secretary of theParis Commercial Club.Do you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium. xModerate Rates. Write for literature.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.T3EESSEE3ESESEE.TO RETURN TO PRANCEApplication for a passport toFrance was made at the office ofDeputy District Court Clerk SpencerFinnell, in Lexington, Tuesday byClarence Buchanan, of Paris. Theapplication was forwarded to Washington for approval by the Department of State.Mr. Buchanan is a veteran of theworld war. While in France he metnd wooed a handsome young Frenchgirl, who returned -to America withhim, and made her home in Paris.She died in this city a few monthsago, and Mr. Buchanan is makingthe trip to France to visit relativesand 'the parents of his bride. Heplans to remain in France for several months, and will sail from NewYork this month, or as soon as thenecessary regulations have beencomplied with.PLU WARNING ISSUEDF. L.j prevailing weather conditions'.have served to aggravate the influenza conditions in this city andj county, which are at present of a sejrious nature. The disease is in amild form, readily yielding to treatment, and in nothing like an epiidemic form. Physicians have recjommended that on account of thesituation in the city and county, visjiting between families in whichthere is illness, be discouraged. Theyalso discourage public gatherings, asfar as possible, but as yet the HealthBoard has not issued an officialwarning or order forbidding such, gatherings. ,i 1It is possible nowadays in Paris toget a pretty fair second-hand autoi mobile for the price of a new tyne-MPI AN AH AN writer ut Playing upon the keybordManagerCall Office of Big 4 MotorCumb. Phone 891Home Phone 249Co.may increase income, while playingwith the steering wheel doesn't.AUCTION SALE50 Head of HorsesMONDAY, MARCH(County Court Day)At 10 O'clock a.m.6thCAED OF THANKSWe take this means of extendingour heartfelt thanks to all kind"friends, and neighbors for theirmany thoughtful acts of kindness inthe last illness and the death of Mr.John Alvin Cassity. Especially dowe wish to thank Mr. George R.Davis, the funeral director for hiskindly offices. To one and all whogave us their sympathy in our affliction we extend our warmest thanks.May the Great Physician heal theirwounds and may friends never belacking when the. last dark daycloses over them or their loved ones.MR. AND MRS. JOHN W. MASTINAND FAMILY.LOST GIRL SOUGHT HEBEParis and Bourbon county authorities have joined in the search being made for Miss Adelia Ashby, fifteen-year-olddaughter of Dr. andMrs. W. A. Ashby, of Louisville, whodisappeared from her home in thatcity Tuesday night. The search isbeing conducted in Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio.According to information receivedfrom Louisville, the girl, who is astudent at the Louisville HighSchool, left a note stating that shewas going away with an elopingcouple and that she might be married herself before she returned. Notrace of the young woman has beenfound here.SALESMAN WANTEDOm the abore date I will sell in the basement of the Citizen's Garage, onJftomd Street, in Paris,50 HEAD OF DEAPT AND GENEEAL PUEPOSE MAEESAND GELDINGSThis is a good lot of horses, Remember when the horses hit theaittka they are yours, for I nerer draw a horse regardless of price.If yom are in the market for a horse or two don't fail to attend thissale. All stock guaranteed as represented. Written guarantee if preferred. Yomr patronage solicited.EE THE DATE March 6, 1922, t 10 a. m.N. R. PARKSat.rijLiI" " Phone Zifi, Cyithiaia, ly.To sell roofing cement and paintsdirect to property-owners. Formerlylocated in Burgin, Ky. Fast-growinghouse, because our salemenare money-makers. Only producerawanted.RHODES PRODUCTS CO.The Cortlandt,(21-4t) Louisville, Ky.oLOSES ONE EAESHEEP, CATTLEAND MULESATPUBLIC SALE!ONSaturday, March 4th,"At 2:00 p. m.At The Shipping Pens In Paris, Ky.I will sell to the highest bidderthe following live stock:Two hundred head good KentuckyMountain Ewes that are just beginning to lamb. These ewes are allyoung and were just from the mountains last fall. Will sell them inlots of fifty head each.One registered Short Horn Cow;Seven head heifers, weight 400 to600 pounds;Eleven head steers, weight 400 to850 pounds.Ten head extra good work mules,all mares and 5 to 8 years old.TERMS Good note, six monthstime, with interest at 6 per cent, orpurchaser may pay cash at his option. W. A. THOMASON,Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.PUBLIC SALEWe will sell to the highest bidderat our mule barn, on Saturday,March 4, 1922, at 2 p. m., 15 extranice Jersey Cows all with calves bytheir side. Terms, Cash.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.FOR SALEFine lot of Clover Hay. CallCumberland Phone 135. (28-tf)loAreklb!Real Service or Self Service?Or Does REAL SERVICE Mean Anything to You?Give Us a Trial and See !. iNavy Beans, pcmnd :Gold Age Macaroni and Spaghetti, box,Bulk Kraut, poundMatches, boxOval Palm Toilet SoapWhite Seal Toilet SoapP. & G. White Naptha Soap,4 forQuick Naptha Soap, 4 forLighthouse Washing Powder, box,..6c,.i5c..5c...5c.4c...4c25c25c...3cOld Dutch Cleanser, can 1 OcPotatoes, peck 7 . . . . 40cMeal, peck 25cFlour, 24 lbs $1 .05 to $1 .25Jello, all flavors , . . . . 1 0cRitter's Tomato Catsup 1 OcSweet Potatoes, pound 5cCabbage, pound.... t 5cKale, 3 pounds for 25cSwift's Premium Breakfast Bacon, pound 40cSeasoning Bacon,pound 20cCorned Beef, No. 1 can 20cWhite Tuna Fish, No. 1 can , 20cDel Monte Sliced Pineapple, No. 1 can 1 6cDel Monte Grated Pineapple, No. J. can 1 4cDel Monte Asparagus, No. 1 can 40cDel Monte Royal Anne Cherries, No. 1 24cDel Monte Sliced Peaches, No. 1 20cDel Monte Apricots, No. 1 can 20 cWhite Table Peaches, No. 3 can 20cDried Apricots, pound 30cPARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, ManagerifBourbon News Adevrtisers Get ResultsJames T. Sweeney, who resides onthe farm of Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr,suffered the loss of his left ear recently by the accidental discharge ofa gun he was carrying. Mr. Sweeney was returning from a duck hunting expedition, and was riding on afarm slide. When he elighted heplaced the .butt of the gun on theground. In some way it was accidentally discharged, the shot striking his left ear, taking off the toplobe and tearing off one side of hishat. He was giTen medical attention'.Just to Start the Ball to Rolling on Another"THIS IS A STUDEBAKER YEAR"UKurnSerial No. 533513, Motor No. 83320, just received direct from the iactory at Detroit, absolutely new and fully guaranteed, list price f. o. b. factory $1635.00, delivered (war tax included) $1785.00Will Be Sold to the Highest BidderON. Monday, March 6th, at 3:30 P. M.at the Farmers and Traders BankParis, KentuckyAll bids must be sealed and delivered to Mr. W. W. Mitchell, cashier of theFarmers C& Traders Bank of Paris, Ky., by 3 o'clock p. m., Monday, March 6th,1922. All bids will be opened and inspected by Mr. Mitchell at 3:30 on that day,the highest bid ascertained and the car delivered upon payment of the bid.In the event that there are more than one "high bid" of the same amount, thebidders will draw lots to determine the successful bidder.All bids, to be considered, must be accompanied by cash or certified check for10 per cent, of the amount bid, to guarantee good faith on the part of thex bidder.Such amounts wilhbe returned to the bidders in all instances except that of thesuccessful bidder, which shall be turned over to the owner as a credit on the bid orforfeited in the event the bid is not complied with.)9F All persons interested will e permitted to be present when the bids are openedand examined.Car Now on Display and May Bq Inspected at Any Time-AT-THE WHITE FRONT GARAGE706 MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.SSTUDEBAKER DEALERStw&43JbegBifAn& $vt&witii ' M;$Si $r -c'4 , ' ,;' ?i l- M- . je "J Wn5? r'FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1922: ' j- -lCJpfrinajDUllJUJyw-r. J .W a!" AttU5sw HNmTtJUlLTrrC5rr" . -a-it&gdyjik, , j"GIFTS THAT LAST""BUTY CHINE"DJ RUBEUTE ORCHID EMEEAED NAVY SATINE FOR PANTALETTES. THE LEADER DEPT. STORE.BBEAKS ARMPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others Yon1 Don'tFrank P. KiseMs ill at his homeon Houston avenue, with an attackof influenza.Mrs. Hallie Lee Perkins leftyesterday for a visit to relatives inKnoxville, Tenn.Miss Hazel Martin, of Berea,' , . . . . . . Ky- is .visiting Mr. and Mrs. CarlWhile roller skating on the street Latham in thls dtBear his home on Vine street .Robert of poHce resumedSaddler, Jr. son of Mr and Mrs. Root. Mg Qfficial duUeB ftfter ft two.weekg,Sadler, leu. Dreading me Done m nis mnesg lnfluenzaCharles Brown, of Melbourne,Ky., is a guest of his aunt, Mrs.Louis Mussinon, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell returned Wednesday from an extendedstay in the Bahama Islands.Mrs. Elizabeth Clay has asguest at her home near Paris, Mrs.Martha Myers, of Cynthiana.Mrs. Frank Still is visiting herdaughter, Miss Virginia B. Still, whois attending school in Cincinnati.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Sternrieht arm. The same arm was broken about a year ago when the ladfell from a wagon.. . 1LEARN TO ECONOMIZEDemonstration Friday and Saturday, March 3 and 4. Everybodycome.(3-lt)C. P. COOK '& CO.-oSALE OF EDIBLESThe ladies of the Baptist church nave moved to the residence of Mrs.-srili hold a sale of edibles Saturday, -te wiison, od jut. Airy avenue.March 4, in the office of the Paris Mrs. William Howard, -of CarRealty Co., on Main street. They, lisle was a guest several days thiswillgood things to eat, and invite yourpatronage.o-have on sale a large variety of week of Mr. and Mrs. Logan HowEASTER DANCEThe Bourbon Dancing Club hasclaimed Friday evening, April 21, asthe date for their Easter Dance. Thedance will be given in the MasonicTemple ball room, the hours beingfrom nine to three. Music by Smith'sSextette. Walter Kenney, Jr., president, and Wm. Rogers, Secretary ofthe Club, are sending invitations thisweek for the dance.CHANCE FOR AGENTSHemstitching and picotting attachment works on any sewing machine, easily adjusted. Price $2.50with full instructions.ORIENTAL NOVELTY CO., .Box 11, Corpus Chxisti, Texas.THOMPSON SAL9 POSTPONEDBecause of the sleet and general inclement weather the sale of cattleand other livestock scheduled forWednesday by W. A. Thomason, waspostponed until to-morrow, Saturday, March 4. The sale will be heldat 2:00 p. m., at the shipping penson South Main street. If you wantsome high-class animals, attend thissale. (It)'NEW TRIP ADDEDTO PARIS AND MT. STERLINGBUS LINE. LEAVES PARISDAILY 1:00 P. M. THIS TRIP ISALSO aiADE ON SUNDAYS. THEEARLY TRIP XEAVING DAILY AT8:45 A. 1L, AS WELL AS MORNINGTEIPS MARKED X. ON GEORGETOWN AND WINCHESTER LINES,ARE NOT MADE ON SUNDAYS.REO COMPORT BUS LINE.(feb24-mar3)SOME BEASTLY WEATHERParis, Ky., has borrowed, apparently, some of the "betstly weather" from our English friends. Marchstarted in with sleet, which fell inthe early hours, making walkingTery difficult with pedestrians itvas a problem whether to try walking on the pavement at the risk offalling, or taking to the streets withthe risk of being run down by automobiles, trucks and other vehicles. A"arm rain in the afternoon removedttost of the sleet, but yesterday rain,sleet and snow joined forces, makingan ideal combination to look at fromthe cozy inside. . Several accidentsresulted from falls on the icy pavements, none of -a serious nature.WITH THE SHUT-INSard.Harry Dermody, of- Hyde Park,Cincinnati, was a guest Monday andTuesday of Mr. Frank L. Still, inthis city.Mrs. Hannah Frye and son, JohnFrye, of Taylorsville, Spencer county, are guests of Dr. and Mrs. O. L.Frye, in this city.Mrs. I. L. Glass is seriously illat her home on Brnnflwnv Wonmother, Mrs. Brockman, of Newtown is with her.Mrs. James Garrison has returned to her home in Handley, WestVa., after a visit to her sister, Mrs.J. F. Trisler, on Eighth street.Mrs. E. B. Hedges has returnedfrom a two-months' visit to herdaughters, Mrs. Samuel Biggs, andfamily, in Huntington, West Va. .Mrs. Julian Frank has returnedto her home near Paris from a visitto her aunt, Mrs. Tevis Wilkerson,and other relatives in Lexington.Arthur Markland has returnedto his home in this city after a visitto his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.Nathan Markland, in Owingsville.Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of theParis Baptist church, is in Hamilton,Ohio, where he is conducting a revival meeting at the Baptist church.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Ferguson and the latter's mother, Mrs.Pigg, formerly of Paris, have movedfrom Lexington to their plantationnear Galion, Ala.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Lee, of Paris,have moved to Clark county to reside in the future. They will liveon the farm of Newton Price, nearIndian Old Fields.Mrs. M. C. Gunn and little son,William Ussery Gunn, of Harlan, areguests at the home of Mrs. Gunn'sfather, Dr. W. C. Ussery, at Highand -Seventh streets.Mrs. Wm. W. Hinton has returned from an extended visit in St.Petersburg, Fla. Miss Clara Bacon,who was with her, stopped at Galion,Alabama, to visit her brother, Warren Bacon, and family.Mrs. D. S. Henry has returnedto her home near Paris after spending several days as guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Williams, attheir home in Stamping Ground,Scott county.Mrs. Joseph Arthur Goodson, ofLexington, and Mrs. Samuel Dryfuss,of Paducah, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to their sister,Mrs. James Ward Clay, and Mr. Clay,at their home in this city.Misses Margaret Lavin and Matilda Ferguson, of Paris, students atHamilton College, in Lexington,have prominent parts in the cast ofcharacters in college plays to be produced this week at the Little Theatre at the University of Kentucky.Charles H. Meng, of near Paris,was one of the guests present Monday night at a supper-given by Elchildren. Mrs. Taylor Chandler,Supt., Mrs. J. T. Clark, Asst. Supt.J. Fred Hill, Mrs. Hill and son,J. E. Hill, have returned from a visit.to Mr. Hill's father, Henry Hill, inVersailles.Mr. and Mrs. James, EdwardCoons have returned ' from theirwedding trip, and are settled athousekeeping in their new home onJEast Main street, in Lexington.NEWS OF THE COURTSIn the County Court before JudgeGeo. Batterton, Jesse R. Letton andReynolds Letton accepted the trustas executors of the estate of theirmother, Mrs, Lucy F. Letton. Theyqualified by furnishing bond withW. D. Mclntyre as surety.A suit has been filed in the Bourbon Circuit Court by James McClure, administrator de bonis nonwith the will annexed, of W. W. Massie, deceased, against William K.Massie, of Lexington, , and aboutthirty-five others, in which theplaintiff seeks to have the largelanded estate left by W W. Massiedivided among the heirs of W. C.Massie, who died recently in Lexington. The petition alleges that theland is susceptible of division, andalso seeks to have the personal property left by W. W. Massie in trustduring the lifetime of W. C. Massie,divided among the heirs of W. W.Massie. The estate now comprisesabout 1,300 acres of fine Bourboncounty land, four storehouses inParis, and stocks and bonds amounting approximately to $75,000. Anumber of the heirs reside in Lexington and Millersburg. The matterwill come to the attention of thecourt at the coming term of theBourbon Circuit Court.In the County Court, Judge GeorgeBatterton dismissed the case againstErastus Snapp, who was chargedwith failing to provide for his fourteen-year-olddaughter. kThe girlwas given into custody of her uncle,Thomas McCord, and the father wasordered to pay $2.50 per week toward her support.Embry Downey, of Paris, who was.a few months ago adjudged to be ofunsound mind, due to illness, was restored to citizenship by a jury. Mr.Downey has fully recovered from hisillness.THREE WONDERFUL FLOWERSDahlias, , "The Queen of the Autumn Flower," Gladioli, "the mostattractive summer flowering," Cannas, "The Poor Man's Orchid." For$2 we send 12 Dahlias, no two alike,or 12- Cannas, 2 each of six varieties.For $lwe send 12 Gladioli, no twoalike, or 24 mixed Gladioli. Offersare all prepaid to your address. For?4 we will send the 12 Dahlias, 12Cannas and the Gladioli (your choiceof either 12 nahied varieties or 24mixed Gladioli.) The $4 offer limited one to a customer. Our cataloguedescribing 98 varieties of Dahlias,also our Cannas and Gladioli will besent free upon request.LIBERTY DAHLIA GARDENS, LIBERTY,' MO. ' (it)BASKETBALLThe basket ball teams of the ParisHigh School will participate in thesectional tournament to be held inLexington to-day and to-morrow.They will be accompanied by a largedelegation of local "rooters," whowill endeavor to help them on to victory.AGENTS WANTEDLive agents wanted to handle citytrade for the genuine J. R. WatkinsProducts. Write quick for free sample and particulars. The J. R.rWATKINS CO., Department 74, Memphis,Tenn. (3-2t)The number of shut-ins is increasing, and each day brings rets of new cases of influenza orpcumonia. Mrs. A. T. Forsyth is lery Blackburn, in Georgetown, to auuea to her home at Tenth and number of his old army comrades,ai" witn the grippe. Grover, littlein honor of his eightieth birthday.The meeting of Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. R.', which was5011 Of Mr. anrJ "MVc nvtror. T3nUm;njj5 a pneumonia sufferer. Wm. B. ArDery and arm xkt t a t' f. .. AiUCIV, OX., itltjj-proving. Mrs. Hannah Connelley scneamed ror Saturaay, at the home15 very m at her home on Eighth of Mn and Mrs- Wm- B- Ardery, onEtreet. Miss Ruby Lovell is very ill the Lexin&ton Pike has been post-l the home of her parents, Mr. and poned until a Iater date due to tnePrs- A. B. LoVeIf on Eighth street serious illness of Mr. Ardery and lit-VfJpt- p- E. Nelson, Mrs. Nelson and tIe son' BillIe Both were rePrtedUss Annie Magee are "flu" suffer- yesterday as being improved.l athh-C Biedford' who has been The regular meeting of theMis-street h, I n Henderson Bion Band of Christian church willof his d! e!n moved to the home be held in the church Parlors 'Satur-to.near p MrS' Reul)en day afternoon, March 11, at 2:30Baer and S' l' and MrS' C 'clock- On that day posters will beof Mrs Rnir Sexton. sister made to send to the foreign fields.eonSw U1 at the Baker 'Let a11 -ielP thej children in this"ents af ,i Z S feet M1 the P" ork- H 7ou have picture postcardsPltal are r-mI Memorial Ho 0f any part of the Unittd Statenetting alo.r.wyir-.lrTVtM'emtheiieiwi- BandFORDS FOR SALEOne Ford Sedan with over $200.00worth of extras. One Ford Coupewith extras, better than new. Better see these at once.--, COMMERCIAL GARAGE,, High Street.Bedford, Bryan & Archdeacon.ATTENTIONAll Owners of Horses and Vehicles!We have reduced the prices on allhorse shoeing, and ,on and afterMarch 1st, our prices will be as follows: ,Pony Shoes, per set $1.00No. 1 and 2 Shoes, per set 1.20No. 3 Shoes, per set 1.30No. 4 and 5 Shoes, per set 1.40No. 6 Shoes ,. . 1.60Toed Shoes, Pony's per set. . . . 1.60fVnart CVirtoc "NTr 1 qtiH 9 nor cof 9. 00I Toed Shoes, No. 3, per set 2.20jToed Shoes, No. 4 and 5, per set 2.40Toea snoes, jxo. o, per set. ... s.ouAll removals except No. 6. .... . 1.00We are also prepared to' do yourJ repair work and rubber tiring.1 , , i '9EXB0X.4 FEOIK, . .Home Phone 111 411 PlMUUint- St.-r . -::y-' " ! ?&FAttS F1VM , ;'III I'RDO YOU NEED ANOVERCOAT?We have made up our minds not to carry over a singleovercoat, therfore bring$10-with you and we'll show you values the like of whichyou have never before seen. Nothing further need besaid on this subject.Odds and Ends of Boys' SuitsMostly Sizes 15, 16 and 17$4.75 '"'..VALUES TO $12.50If you have a boy that can wear either of the above size be sure to get onefor him. (There are not many.)Spring Suits, Caps and Shoes are arriving daily. It's not to early to thinkof these.LEWISTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBetter Values in Men'sand Boys' WearDay AfteDayPeople are availing themselves of theTREMENDOUS BARGAINS to befound in our immense stock during ourFEBRUARY AND MARCHr f3 IilhCASH SALEAre you one of these?saIT "Letus- supply your needs in Fur-"; niture, Rugs, Mattings, Linoleumsrand Wall Paper. We have neverf offered such price and quality valuesuIitt.J. i f ?"MT.IMC0.Sixth and Main StreetsEither Phone 36ftGUESSINGCONTESTThe correct weight of 'the'Rocker was 23 lbs. 2-ozandMrs. W. C. Potts, of 266LiHeston Avenue, was theplucky gnener.& a -?mf1.-.isi Ii-42v r-.tN6m-.PAGE SIXThe Fault."De good loser," said Uncle Eben,fcl a fine Influence 'ceppin' foh dalick dat he's liable to Incourage dagelfish sinners to use loaded dice."Washington Star.oNew Idea for Keeping Fruit Freah.To keep fruit fresh for months after it Is picked an Argentinian haspatented a device that holds the stemsIn water.s1,. 44Chassis I.Sedanitiid,WARNING! Say "Bayer" when you buy Aspirin.Unless you see the name " Bayer1 ' on tablets, you are' not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physiciansover 22 years and proved safe by millions for ts Colds Headache RheumatismToothache Neuralgia NeuritisEarache Lumbago Pain, PainAccept only "Bayer" package which contains proper directions.Handy "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Also bottles of 24 and 100 Druggists.Aspirin Is tlie trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacide;tr of Sallcylicacld"The Potteries."This is the district of North Staffordshire, England. It is the chiefseat of the china and earthenware industry. The principal centers areBurslem, t Hanley, Longton, Fenton,Tunstali and Stoke-on-Trent, all ofthese being amalgamated in 1910 asa single municipal borough under thename of Stoke-on-Trent. The Wedgwoods and the Mintons are the mostfamous families connected with thechina industry.mi i jrraaaaaTHE notable quality of our professional efforts is theirdignified character.Our unfailing politeness is at all timesfavorably commentedupon. Our servicesare faithfully performed. TJfE UNIVERSAL CARkyrDown Thcjy Go AgainLowest prices t o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 1922J j Jr tr T-Runabout 319Touring Car 348Truck Chassis... 430CUMipe.....-;:v?. !.... 580645(F. 0. B.DETROIT)ilpijURUOiCLFSMOTOR "COMPANYwit nv . HnT7T fl. nnZTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, EENItJCKYmm GROWERSENDORSE COUNCILTobacco Men Approve AgriculturalCouncil Of Kentucky As HelpIn Marketing Crops.MR. PASSONNEAU'S STATEMENTLEXINGTON, KY., March 2. TheBurley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation, in a statement given out by Col. Joseph Passonneau,Chief of the Field Service Division,endorses and recommends the newlyformed Agricultural Council of Kentucky to any association of farmerswho may be considering the formation of marketing associations of anykind. Col. Passonneau points to thefact that the council will serve farmers who ask its help without pay andthat Judge Robert W. Bingham, whosuccessfully led the movement to organize the Burley tobacco growers, isits chairman.Col. Passonneau, speaking for theburley co-operative, urges all farmers who may be considering formingco-operatiye marketing movementsto seek first the advice and assistance of' the Agricultural Council asto the steps to be taken to organizethe right kind of association tohandle the particular product it maybe desired to market.The statement of Colonel Passonneau follows:"Kentuckians who wish to see agriculture establish itself as not onlythe most important but the most successful industry of the State, shouldbe interested in the newly formedAgricultural Council of Kentucky,whose purpose it is to assist thefarmers in forming correct marketing associations for the sale of thoseagricultural products which shouldlend themselves to co-operative marketing. "Agriculture is the basis of all industry. Unless the farmer is successful, business generally cannotprosper, but successful agriculturealways reflects prosperity into everybusiness activity.rue uouncii, it given an opportunity, will fill a great need. It offers its services to all Kentuckianswho are planning on a co-operativemovement of any'kind. It will makea study of any agricultural productand advise the growers of that product regarding the feasibility ofmarketing the product co-operatively, as well as instruct them as to thetype of organization that should bestfit the particular product to be marketed. "The council 'serves without pay.Judge Robert W. Bingnam, publisher of the Courier-Journal and Timesat Louisville, and the man who wasprimarily responsible for the' successful organization of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association is Chairman of the Council."Judge Bingham is intereoted firstof all in success of farmers of Kentucky. He not only lent his influence, but gave his means to makethe Burley Association a success. Hewas the prime factor that made possible the financing of the organization after is was formed."With Judge Bingham as chairman of the Agricultural Council weknow that the services of that Council will always be genuine. We recommend, therefore, that all Kentuckians who are interested in.starting a co-operative marketingmovement of any kind, seek the advice and assistance of the Council asthe first move in the formation of aco-operative."STOMACH MISERY,GAS, INDIGESTION,TAKE DIAPEPSIN"Pape's Diapepsin" is the quickest, surest relief for Indigestion,Gases, Flatulence, Heartburn, Sourness, Fermentation or Stomach1 Distress caused by acidity. A few tablets give almost immediate stomachrelief and shortly ,the stomach iscorrected so you can eat favoritefoods without fear. Large casecosts only a few cents at drug store.Millions are helped annually.(F-tf) (adv)-tiThere Is Beauty.Wherever snow falls or water flowsor birds fly, wherever day and nightmeet in twilight, wherever the blueheaven is hung by clouds or sown with.stars, wherever are outlets into celestial "space, wherever is . . . awe,and love there is Beauty, plenteousas rain, shed for thee, and' though thoushouldst walk the world over," thoushalt not be able to find a conditionInopportune or Ignoble. Emerson.O'JVfi -don't believe5 the world 'is grow-Just Mental Broadanlna.aresag worse, we are merely adding totr facilities for finding out about Itsarecanjncxeaness.navefa 1'4 (Jlfft)navefaHow"Great?"WEHr rIT'S easy to prattle about great reductions" a$d it's just- as easyto let the customer make up the loss in padded prices later on..IT'S part of the game to triumphantly point at a "wonderful deliveryservice" and it's also part of the game to make the customer support it.IT'S "grand" to be able to get "easy" credit easy to get and hard toget away from. Easy to overbuy and. hard to pay in .a lump.THE PIGGLY WIGGLY policy of standard low prices, no expensive delivery service, and cash only, is your safeguard as well asyour covenience.553esrNo. 2 Sturgeon Bay RedPitted Cherries.,No. 3 Forrester's Blackberries,31c18c14c10c12c13cin juice.Silver Fleece Sauer Kraut,No. 3 canCampbell's Pork andBeansJoan of ArcKidney Beans .'Von Allmen's Home-made AppleButter, in glass jars; large 33c;medium 18c; small.. . .Pure Country Sorghum,No. 2 y2 tinKaro Syrup Blue Label, 10-lb. 39c;5-rlb. 22c; 1-lbKaro Syrup Red Label, 10-lb. 44c;5-lb. 25c; 1-lbEagle Brand CondensedMilkMansfield Evaporated Milk,Large 9c; smallHorlick's Malted Milk, hospital size$3.00, large 76c; smallG. Washington Prepared Coffee,large $1.17; medium 77c; small..23cIk8ic20c4fc39c37c39c13c10c18c24c22c1ftMaxwell House Coffee,poundHirsch's Pure Tomato Catsup,large 26c; smallLibby's Pure Mustard,8 -oz. glass jarPremier Salad Dressing,large 42c; smallWelch's Pure Fruit Jams, all kinds,1Jk-oz. glass jarBooth's Oval CanSardines ,No. l tall can PrelatePink SalmonWhite Star White Meat, Tuna Fish,large 38c; medium 24c; small..PalmoliveSoap'IvorySoap .' . . . . . .P. & G. and Fels , . ' xNapthaGlobeSoap s. .StarSoap14c8c7c6c5c4ic1ft10c25c9cAmmo, PowderedAmmoniaOld DutchCleanserArgo Gloss Starchpound package, 3 forShinola Shoe Polish;all kinds.Welch's Grape Juice, qts. 57c; pints31c; splits11cFigPuddingBoarden's Condensed Coffee withmilk and sugar, 14-ozConyur's Sifted Early JunePeasGold Brand StollwerckChocolate39c24c11c6c'3HBI Vegetables inWe Don't Meet Prices-We Make ThemPIGGLY707 Main Street. j? "iiBiBsBiBBBaBBBBiiBBi saBBBBBBBBsiBBisBBiBiBBBBBiBlBBBlBBBBiBaBlBBBBVBsSBBBlBBBBW1 "ADDING-MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPOpossumsWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. Thea rollsOpossunis, which were introducedinto New Zealand from Australia manyyears ago, have increased until theyhave become a pest In the fruit-growingregions. Nevertheless, their valuetot- far 'outweiib any damage' theydo. It is thtrefart proposed to giramade of the best bond paper andvaDsoiutely free from lint. Youbuy from, one vto a caw. Ltt ustriaPordr.ttheffl every cbaaca to braed in thaj .FRIDAY MAHCH- T, HIT.V,LWelch's Apple Juice,pintsSheboygan Ginger Ale,pintsMazola Salad and Cooking Oilgal 89c; quarts 48c; pints. . .Jello, allkinds.iLowney's Cocoa, -lb. 15c;1-5-lbBaker's Premium Chocolate,-lbGolden Age Macaroni, Spaghetti orNoodles, 8-oz. packageInstant Quaker Oats,packageCream of Wheat,packageLentils,pound .- . .Pillsbury HealthBran t.Fancy EvaporatedPeaches, lb 1California Reclaimed LimaBeans, poundChoice Michigan Hand-picked NavyB,eans, lbDomino Pure Cane Granulated Sugarin cartons or muslin bags, lb. . . .Pure Hog Lard,poundFancy Irish Potatoes, peck 15pounds weighedKellog CornFlakes A . .PostToasties .' ,Quaker . "Oats .V. .Armour ""'Oats ,Lenox Soap 4c,Big Value Soap . . . . .' . . . .LuxWashing PowderSunbrite X 'CleanserBabbit'sCleanser . ., . .Light HouseCleanserBabbitsLyeRed SealLyeCreamCheese '.BrookfleldCreamery ButterTT1.!) T ...BidIsxieeKiu a jLiemon ana vanilla 4 4Flavoring CDromedaryCocoanut 7 .Colburn's Mustard1 poundColburn's RedPepper ,vPennant Syrup1 gallonSeason for SaturdayWIGGLYParis, KentuckyIn New Zealand.Pin Oak Will Droop.The pin oak in the fall has brilliantfoliage and is especially desirablewhere a irunkless tree is' wanted ; thatis, where It is desired to have thafellafe extend from the ground to thatap the traa. The tendeacy of thaUnas of tk pin oak is to droop.American Faraatrp Magazine.8c16c25c10c8c17c7ic11c24c15c19c19c10c7c7c1ft43c9c9c11c13c?4ic11c6c5c6c13c13c28c43c29c29c8c59c"THE BOURBON NBWS.fortstad rsfi-FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1122.DAUGHTER HAHTO HELP MOTHERow Can Do All Her HouseworkAlone Because Lydia E. Pinklum'sVegetable Compound Helped HerTncrkor Minn. "I saw in tVio rtotvaibout Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetablevAMiipuuiiu ana tookit because I was having such pains in myStomach and tfirnncrhmy back that I couldnot do my work. Ipad tried othei; medicines, but none didme the erood, thatyour Vegetable Compound did. JNow I amable to do all mywork alone white Hp-fore I had mv rfanorTi.ter staying at home to do it. I havenM a number of friends whaf. if. hnadone for me and give you permission touse my letter as a testimonial." Mrs.Jesse Petersen, Route 1, Jasper, Minn.There is no better reason for your trying Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound than this it has helped otherwomen. So if you suffer from displacements, irregularities, backache, nervousness or are passing through theChange of Life remember this splendidmedicine. What it did for Mrs. Petersen it may do for you.Thfi Vegetable Compound stands nnna foundation of nearly fifty years of InEs 3Hiff -llPslilt v"M fwllljjm ipp3JTJ3E BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,:EEN33JCKYSOUSA BAOT C01EHG TO1 DTGTON, MABCH 23LEX-Jby falling telephone 639-X or writing Lexington College of Music.Miss Anna ,Ckandler Goff, of ' theLexington College of Music, has announced that John Phillip Sousa andhis band will appear there in concerts at Woodland Auditorium,Thursday, March 23, matinee andnight. The concerts were to havebeen given in the early fall, but owing to an accident from which Sousahas now recovered, the engagementwas postponed.No man in the world of music' hashad so extensively advertised a personality as Lieutenant-CommanderJohn Philip Sousa. He and his musichave become famous in every part ofthe globe and he has long since become an Amercan institution. It isno exaggeration to say that he isknown as the greatest band man inhistory and his band is recognized asthe leading body of instrumentalistsin the world. Sousa and his band,numbering nearly 100 pieces, havedone and are doing much to promotemusical interests, for the presentI programs contain compositions whichwould never be heard in many localities if the celebrated leader and hisimen did not make it possible.The Sousa concerts are not included in the Artist Concert Series,but reservations may be made nowservice.Worth Remembering.Don't worry if you stumble &worm ' tf'wn the only thing thatcv fa'' '""n.-oNc Wc.-der.Tin:? rr wonders so would weif we could pn in twenty-four hourse'r' r?m v Time does.CAHAL BROS.SAEBEE SHOPDriWadddlsPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be Operatedan until you have tried Dr. W&ddeli'.Hie Remedy. Absolutely harmleu. Guarfcnieed to give absolute satisfaction orasoney refunded. $1.50 per bo trie at yourroffgist If not write us.4 WHITE BAEBERS 4Modem Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT A27D COLD BATHSedkineCoJ- -IMIHulsura1GET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Faints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phcne 1087 Home Phone 399CUBBENT ITjABKET PB0DUCEPREVIEWReceipts of butter appear to havebeen a little heavier than the consumptive demand, resulting in aneasier tone and lower prices prevailing on butter at the close of theweek.The supply of live poultry also hasbeen larger than could be absorbed,and prices have generally worked toa slightly lower basis, both in production and consuming markets.There is a good demand for fresheggs, but due to larger receipts, themarket has a tendency to work lower as the supplies increase and untila storing basis is reached.ageSi. OtVaiH. sam.nxzcanrrz iwni'tig a1 "i Srt i f-oc your moaejr bickPositively Contains no AtpiriaFor Sib at til DragScocss30 Tablets 25c(till-25mar)Shooting Stars.Some pieces of shooting stars (meteors) do fall on the earth and specimens are kept In various museums,But usually when a meteor goes flying through the atmosphere the friction between the two is sufficient tomelt it, and nothing but dust reachesthe earth.As in Football.Life is full of nps and downs and ittakes a wise fellow to make his downshelp him toward his goal. BostonTranscript.,. Quotation of Importance.The art of quotation require mortdelicacy in practice than those conceive who can see nothing more Ina quotation than an extract. IsaacDisraeli.tmi Cppr in All Plants.A small amount of copper is pettyeat in all plants grown in natural sdLIt 'seems to have some nutritivetion but not to be an essential elemiWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINE(tf)OPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars WashedCapital . $150,000.00Surplus and Profits 122,500.00Stockholders' Liabilities 158.000.00Protection to Depositors $422,500.00yEstablished 1851Peoples Deposit BankC& Trust Co. ,Paris, KentuckyWE WANT "YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, President C. K. THOMAS. Vice-Pret.-CashierGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pre. GEO. L. DOYLE.Assiseant CashierROBT. METEER. Vlce.Pree.,-Incorporated inKentucky36 Years AgoFor 36 years the Standard Oil Company(Kentucky) has been identified with the businessand economic life of the people of the State of Kentucky.It was incorporated under the laws ofthe State of Kentucky in the year 1886.The Company's home office is located at Louisville,Kentucky. And all its officers and directors, as wellas a large part of its stockholders, are citizens ofthe State of Kentucky.It operates at Louisville a most modern and efficiently equipped refinery THE HOME OF NEWCROWN. GASOLINE, "The Perfect Motor Fuel. 'It operates 150 tank stations and service stationswith every modern facility for the greatest possibleconvenience and service to the public.It pays more than $1,500,000.00 a year in salariesand commissions to its representatives in the Stateof Kentucky.It pays approximately $400,000.00 a year underthe various city, state and county license and inspectionlaws of the State of Kentucky.It maintains a large force of thoroughly dependableemployes, whose cooperation, loyalty and efficiencyhave contributed largely to the building up and sustaining of its great state-wide service to the public.Upon the superior quality of its products, its efficient organization and excellent service station andtank station svstem throughout the state, the Company hopes to merit the public's continued patronage and good will.- 2Standard Oil Company3Incorporated in Kentucky51.iMmm - -WSBMSKBASui s-H'-ftM1 -- $ sjxmL-" & -Ts-"V'V" ,IPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAT- MARCH 1 MKMILLERSBURGtEttrtsting News Items From Bottfbon County's College TownMiss Carolyn Mclntyre is visit, ng relatives in Lexington.Miss Lida Rice, of Lexington,Ehas returned home after a visit withSher sister, Mrs. Earl Peterson.W. D. Young and wife, of Car-- ,&isle, are visiting Mrs. Atta' Wood"Young.Mr. J. W. Clarke, of Shelbyville,5s visiting her mother, Mrs. Eliza-Vbeth Clarke.Miss Jessie Crisp, of Millerst "burg High School, visited friends inParis, Saturday.Miss Mary R. Watson, of Savannah, Tenn., visited Miss MinnieClarke the past week.Mr. Earl Peterson and familyJhave moved to the residence of Mrs.iBessie Caldwell, on Main street.Ordination services for the offi-.-cers of the Christian church will be'held on next Sunday, March 5.Mr. and Mrs. Tom Clark, of-Shelbyville, are visiting the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Clark.- Millersburg Military Institutelias again resumed its school duties,after a week's vacation on account of-sickness.W. P. Kemper and wife, of"Texas, have returned home after an-extended visit with Mr. and Mrs. J..A. Butler.Mr. S. H. Endicott and familyhave moved to his farm near town."Mr. Albert Evans and wife will moveto their town residence.Miss Olive Fisher, Dean of Millersburg College, will sail from NewYork, on the steamship "Patricia."INIarch 21, for an extended tripthrough Europe and Algiers. .Shewill be gone through the summer.Mr. S. C. Carpenter and Mrs.Martha Womack were quietly married Wednesday at the home of Mrs. B.E. Perry, in Winchester. Dr. C. C."Fisher, of Millersburg College, per'iormed the ceremony. This is thethird ventue on the sea of inatri--monyfor the groom and the second'for the bride. Mr. Carpenter is awell-known business man of thisnplace and is to be congratulated.3Mrs. Womack is from Hazard, and-for the past few years has been xnat-- ron at M. C. She is a highly cultured Christian woman. They havetthe best wishes of their many"'friends. The happy couple left for- Orange Lake, Fla., on their bridal- tour.If the people who have taken Tanlac were to form a line of march in- .single file, this grand army would- -reach clear across the American continent from New York to San Fran---Cisco and extend over 3,000 milesinto the Pacific Ocean. Roche'sDrug Store. (adv)DEATHSlife Is. But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Mnst PayTHOMASONMrs.Everette M. Thomason, ofj Millersburg, died at the Massie Me-imorial Hospital, in this city, yesterday morning after an illness of several days from pneumonia. Mrs.I Thomasbn was brought to the institution from her home in Millersburgseveral days ago, for treatment.I Mrs. Thomasoit was formerly MissMaggie Chanslor, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Robert Chanslor, both ofwhom died several years ago.The body was taken to Millersburgyesterday afternoon to the home ofI Dr. C. B. Smith, where the funeralwill be held this (Friday) afternoonI at 2:30 o'clock. Services will be' conducted by Rev. Mr. Welburn, pastor of the Millersburg Methodistchurch, assisted by Dr. C. C. Fisher,of the Millersburg College. The interment will follow on the family lotin the Millersburg Cemetery. Thepall-bearers will be John Leer. DaveClark, W. A. Butler, Garland Fisher,Dr. C. B. Smith, J. H. Barnes.HAZELRIGGProf. Jesse Taylor Hazelrigg,aged thirty-eight, died at the residence of Miss Anna Daugherty, onMt. Airy avenue, at an early hourWednesday morning, after an illnessof several weeks.Prof. Hazlerigg, was the son of thelate Wm. C. and Mary Taylor Hazelrigg, and was born in Nicholas county. He was educated in the publicschools of Carlisle, and in Transylvania College, in Lexington, wherehe graduated and served severalyears as instructor, later becomingprincipal of the Winchester HighSchool. While there in 1916 hemarried Miss Helen Daugherty, ofParis. In 1918 Prof. Hazelrigg waselected principal of the ShelbyvilleHigh School, which position he helduntil compelled to resign on accountof ill health.Besides his widow, Prof. Hazelriggis survived by one daughter, threeyears old, one sister, Miss MinnieHazelrigg, antl two brothers, Walterand Thomas Hazelrigg, both of Carlisle. The funeral was held at theDaugherty home at three o'clock yesterday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church. Theinterment followed in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearers were: Dr.Harry E. Mathers, A. S. Thompson,Frank Collier, A. T. Rice, Dr. JamesA. Or.r, and W. Cecil Parks, of Winchester."LAUNGEBETTE"SATINES IN THE NEW SHADESFOE PANTALETTES.THE LEADEB DEPT. STORE.FASHION nRnRRRQ RI APK nnrQQRQOar Dyeing Department, in the hands of a most expert dyer, offers you an oppor- I'Hj to sare money. For Fito Dollars er a very little more, you can transform that I. riMAmrsm you are about to discard into a wearable, semceable garment.Our finishers understand the fine art ef pressing and reshaping dyed garments. ISEND IT PARCEL POSTWe pay parcel post charges one way on orders amounting to $5.00 or ever.SWISS CLEANERS & DYERS, Ir. m009 6th Street,Louisville, Ky.S!jSIship your POULTRYANDIICALVESIn business in CinolnnMti since 1886If you ship by truck insist on delivery to us.We waht hens, old roosters, young chickensall sizes, ducks, turkeys, geese, guineas,capons and squabs. Ship any quantity anyday, calves any day but Saturday. Highestprices, accurate weights, prompt remittances assured.Write for tags and poultry coops.SIMMONS & NORRIS3 te 7 W. Water St. Cincinnati, Ohio.k ' ""eBBBBSBBBSBBlALAMOand GRANT)A Donald Crisp Production'The PRINCESS of NEW YORKwith DAVID POWELLTODAY. A PARAMOUNT PICTUREFrom the Novel by Cosmo HamiltonA romance of wealth and its worshipper?. And some of the things that money will do in "high societys" whirl.Trimmed in luxury and crammed with adventure, tingling with daring and love. ' " "Also a Mermaid Comedy and Pathe NewsTOMORROW, SATURDAYKiSS'8 "THE MAN OF THE FOREST"A massive tale of love and adventure, with an all-star cast, includingROBERT McKlM, CLAIRE ADAMS. CARL GANTVOORTIt is a story of the great outdoors and its unfoldment of the most exciting events that Zane Grey's fertile brain has everconceived are flashedupon the silversheet. From start to finish is clean, stimulating, exciting and interesting a pictureyou cannot afford to miss.Also a Cristie Comedy, "Seaside Sirens"'RHP "VA-USTMONDAY, MARCH 6th"VTOfust:kiieA WARD LASCELLE PRODUCTION, WITHTHOMAS JEPPERSONIt's simply marvelous on the screen. As a novel "Rip Van Winkle ' brought jo to millions kiddie? and "grown ups"alike from the time Washington Irving penned the immortal lines right up to our own day. In play form it has won foritself a place unique in the annals of the American stage and has served to make "Joe" Jefferson who created the titlerole famous and wealthy, And now, upon the silversheet, Thomas Jefferson gives new life to this ageless classic. Moreengrossing than either book or play, it will endure for all time as one of the greatest productions the screen has ever known.Also Century Comedy, "Get-Rich-Quick Peggy," and Pathe ReviewCOMING MONDAY, MARCH 6thERNEST HATLEY S ORCHESTRAFormerly with Lasses White Minstrels(Special Engagement for Two Weeks Only)ADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cMATRIMONIALtBecord of San Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByThe following announcementcards are being sent out:"Mr. C. H. BappertMiss Rosa TobinMarriedSunday, February the twenty-sixth,nineteen hundred and twenty-one,Paris, Kentucky.""At Home1435 Cypress Street.": JONES PRICE 'Jesse A. Price, twenty-three, ofScott county, and Miss NannieFrank Jones, twenty-one, of Bourboncounty, secured a marriage licenseand were married in Cynthiana,Wednesday afternoon, by CountyJudge Collier, in his private officein the court house. This was thesecond matrimonial venture for thegroom.4iPer CentINTEREST PAID ONTerm Savings DepositsA profitable return on your money with -.absolute safety. Upon request we willmail booklet explaining fulf particulars.Union Bank & Trust Co.LEXINGTON, IKY.S.-E. CORNER MAIN AND UPPERBANNISTER BROWNAt a bridge party given in Lex- Iington by Miss Eunice KatherineShouse and Mr. Albert Shouse, an- !nouncement was made of the engage-ment of Miss Helen Bannister to Dr. IBedford Brown. The wedding willbe a social event in May, Miss Bannister is a daughter of Dr. and Mrs.W. E. Bannister, of Lexington, andwas formerly physical director in theParis Public School.Bourbon News Advertisers Get Results!Where Beauty and Economy ReignFINAL! FINAL!CLEARANCE SALE. Greater and Further ReductionsOn all remaining Shoes and Oxfords for the entire family. Come to this saletoday and you will buy the greatest shoe bargains of the year.SALE NOW GOING ON! COME EARLY!LODGE NOTESNewton Smith, of Paris, PastfGrand Patron of the Order of theEastern Star, and a number of delegates from Paris and Bourboncounty, attended th'e meeting of theEastern Star School of Instruction,held in Lexington, Wednesday afternoon. The Lexington Chapter entertained the delegates with a supper at the Masonic T.emple.TABANTULAS GETTING NUMEROUS-While unpacking a shipment ofbananas at the Paris Baking Co.'aplace of business, David Liter, thecolored porter, captured a large tarantula which had been secreted inone of the bunches. The insect wasalive and was added to a collectionnow in possession of the bakery. -gLadies' Shoes and Oxfords, a great lot ofBoots and Lace Oxfords, values to $5' All SizesFINAL SALE PRICE$.199Men's Shoes Final Clearance High Grade TanEnglish and Blucher styles former J0 OCvalues $6 and $7. Final Sale Price vOmODNewSpring Oxfords$3.45in Tan Vici Kid and Calf. Rubber heels- Sale PriceLadies' $4.50 to $6.00 Lace Oxfords andBoots in Tan and Black leathers.All sizesFINAL SALE PRICE-$2.95Misses' Higher priced Tan and Black Boots, atfurther reductions, $3.00 Grades ( 1 QQFinal Sale Price $1J7Misses' Black Kid Lace Boots, values (hi ?Qto $3. Final Sale ,Price $1UJMen-s Goodyear Welt Tan and Gun Metal Englishand Blucher Shoes, former values (0 QQ$4.95 and $5.95. Final Sale Price $&&?BOYS' AND GIRLS' SHOESBoys', Youths' and Little Gents' Tan djl QQShoes, $3 grades. Final Sale Price ''Elk Scout ShoesAnother lot of good Elk scout shoes, insmoke and tan leathers. QCWhile they last, Special $lODDAN COHENv & i .Paris' Greatest Shoa Storaj,i5.ra. tf-wfccij;-ltfrA. fIK,--"- ?z. -f - v4"ih-, ' --i- ,."" e. x """"i", H57."'iWaf ?i i-v"r?- v -"',,-l-.,n ' -x.- -" . v-