.'-I .tr- v-s J- - ' -ii-PUBLLSHED EVERY TUESDAY AND- FRIDAY US THE YEAR.BOURBON1 MENEWSVOLUME XLIILEAGUE SEASONOPENSML 23Bine Grass League Perfects DetailsAt Meeting Held in Lexington On SundaySIX TEAMS ON THE CIRCUITThe meeting of the Blue GrassLeague promoters, held at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, at twoo'clock, Sunday afternoon, resultedin final steps being taken for placing the League in the base ball field.Paris was represented at the meetingby George D. Speakes and B. F.Goodman. Thomas M. Russell, ofMaysville, presided.Lexington, Paris, Maysville andCjnthiana are charter members ofthe League, but tlje National Association of Professional Baseball Clubshas been asked for six franchises,in which Mt. Sterling and Winchester will be included. It was definitely decided that all games will beplayed on Thursdays and Sundays.The season will open officially onApril 23 and close on October 12,each team playing fifty games.A schedule committee, composed ofB. F. Goodman, of Paris, Dr. J. H.Hutchings, of Maysville, J. S. Linehan, of Cynthiana, and J. S. Morton,of Lexington, was named to submit separate schedules to PresidentRussell, who will select one to beadopted as the official schedule fortL season. A number of minor deta.ls were left to be worked out atthe next meeting, which will be heldin Maysville on Thursday night.Among these will be the matter ofan official ball, umpires, etc. At theMaysville meeting the schedules willbe submitted to President Russell,and the Mt. Sterling and Winchesterpromoters will give their final answer as to becoming members of theLeague. In case they decide adversely the franchise will be placedin some other Central Kentuckytowns.HE'S HERE AGAIN, MEN!THE SUPERIOR TAILORING CO.'SMAN WILL BE WITH US ON WEDTfESDAY, THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 9 AND 10, TOTAKE ORDERS TOR SPRINC ANDSUMMER SUITS. WE'LL BEPLEASED TO HAVE YOU INSPECTTHE LINE.LOUIS WOLLSTELN.r?"Ole Know Row"YOUR NEWSTETSONHATFOR SPRINGIS HERE9 Many of the most discriminating youngmen among our customers choose Stetsonsseason after season.9 They rely on Stetsonquality. They areappreciative of theStetson feeling forstyle. They know thatin the big, varied stockwe carry is a hat exactly suited to them.Q Come in and let usshow you why Stetson wearers are enthusiasts. DERBIES ANDSOFT HATSMitchell &BlakemoreBASKET BALLAmong the Paris "rooters" whoattended the State basket ball tournament at Lexington were: MissesMayme Lee Baldwin, Ruby Hall,Katherine Wallingford, Rose Duncan, Louise Collier, Eleanor Payne,Emily Fithian, Vivian Wallingford,Nell Robbins (coach); Messrs.Clark, Wright, Meglone, Larkin,Rose, Tucker, Dalzell, McCarty,Prof. Scott and M. M.- Sheffield.The following is a brief summaryof the results in the two days' basketball games played on the Lexingtonfloors Friday and Saturday of lastweek in sectional tournament:First Day Paris High boys, 32,Lexington Model High School boys,12. Victory for Paris. Model Higheliminated by defeat. Paris HighSchool girls 9, Lexington SeniorHigh School girls, 37. Victory forLexington. Paris girls eliminated bydefeat. Cynthiana boys team wonover Georgetown boys by a largescore, mis aeteat eliminated theGeorgetown boys from the contest.Cynthiana girls 8, Millersburg girls5. Victory for Cynthiana. iMllersburg girls eliminated by defeatParis High School boys 24, Millersburg Military Institute boys 22, M.M. I. eliminated by defeat. Lexington benior High School boys . 41,Nicholasville High School boys 8.Nicholasville eliminated by defeat.Second Day Lexington SeniorHigh School girls 16, Georgetov nHigh School girls 4. Georgetowngirls eliminated by defeat. Lexington Senior High School boys o7, Cynthiana High School boys 14. Cynthiana eliminated by defeat.Finals Lexington Senior HighSchool girls 10, Cynununa HitrhSchool girls 7. Lexington SeniorHigh School boys, 78, Paris HighSchool boys 7.Winners Lexington Senior HighSchool, both teams; second placeParis boys, Cynthiana girls.The Paris High School BasketBall boys will play tre strong FortThomas High School at the Y. M. C.A. Gymnasium, Yednesday night at7:30. This promises to be one of thevery best gamesof the entire season.The Paris High School boys acquitted themselves splendidly at theLexington tournament, defeating theUniversity of Ky. Model HighSchool, Millersburg Military Institute, the same day, playing theUniversity School Friday afternoonand Millersburg Institute Fridaynight.They worked their way into thefinals of the tournament by playingand eliminating the strongest teamsin the tournament. Our boys weretired and bruised up when they wentinto the Lexington High Schoolgame. Lexington Hi was fresh forthe fight with Paris they hadonly played one game on Saturdayand that with a very weak team.Lexington played only subs in thisgame and kept their regulars to playagainst Paris.Paris High School boys are playing at the present time the bestgame of the season. Be sure you seethem play "The Highland's HighSchool" of Fort Thomas, Ky., Wednesday night.The girls' basket ball team hashad a splendid season. Miss . Robbins has proven to be an unusuallv'efficient coach and the girls playingon her teams haye made rapid proI press in the art of playing the game.jThey have played Lexington Schoolithree times this year, and only onceout of the three times has the Paristeam had all of their firstteam in the game, and that timeParis defeated Lexington 16 to 8.The girls' team has been a bit un-; fortunate this year on account of somuch sickness, but they have never.lost any of their willingness to fight.'to the end in every contest and they'are to be commended and congratulated for the splendid showing theyhave made during the year. Parisf people will have one more chance toj see the Paris girls play, as theyplay Cynthiana here next week.Miss Lillard has been of great service to the basketball girls and hasassisted Miss Robbins in a greatj many ways in caring for the comfortand protection of the girls this year.Prof. Scott has made an unusuallylarge contribution to the success ofjail the school's athletics this year;.has gone with the boys on all theirtrips, has coached several footballand basketball teams, has lookedably after the finances of the athletic association.The spirit of the boys and girlsbehind the teams has been wonderful. ITEWS OF THE COURTSj Lewrence Samuels, colored, waspresented in the Police Court Saturday morning on a charge of breakingJ into the poolroom of Bud Macon,on Main street. Judge Ernest Mar-jtin held Samuels in the sum of $300I to appear before the grand jury atthe coming term of the BourbonCircuit Court, and sent him to jail to! await trial.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCHFOUR HUNDREDAHENDMNQUETRepresentative Citizens of the CityAnd County Gather At AJoint BanquetAARON SAPIRO CHIEF SPEAKERFour hundred representative citizens of Paris and Bourbon countygathered at the Mammoth GarageThursday night to welcome AaronSapiro, and to take part in the jointbanquet and social given by Bourbon County Farm Bureau and theParis Commercial Club. Mr. Sapiro,who did so much to bring to a successful termination the organizationof the Burley Tobacco Co-operativeMarketing Association, was in finevoice and held the undivided attention of the bigcrowd from beginning to end of' his very able address.. The banquet, an array of temptingdishes that would have appealed tothe appetites of even the most jaded,was served by the ladies of theBourbon County Woman's Club, andprepared under the personal supervision of Mrs. Carl Crawford. Therewas an abundance, and everyone didfull justice to his or her portion.Prior to and during the serving ofthe banquet a musical program wasrendered, comprising a solo by Mrs.Edward Prichard, music by a saxophone quartet, Dr. and Mrs. HarryMathers, Douglas Clay and Capt.Wm. Collins, and the Bourbon Orchestra, a solo by Capt.Robert Harbeson, duet, "My Old KentuckyHome," by Mrs. Prichard and Capt.Harbeson, and community songs bythe audience, led by Harry Murrison,Community Service Song Leader. Amoving picture was shown, picturingthe geimination of grains of wheatand corn from the kernels and theproper way to prepare the soil to getbest results.Attorney Virgil Chapman, of Parisand Lexington, presided as toastmaster and put the audience in a splendid humor, with a number of anecdotes, intermingled with flights oforatory, to listen to the address ofMr. Sapiro. Bourbon county peoplehad been waiting for a long time tohear Mr. Sapiro and the ovation tendered him at the close of his address evidenced their appreciation ofhis wonderful plea for co-operation.Mr. Sapiro paid a glowing tributeto the memory -of the late John T.Collins, and said he regretted that hewas not spared to see the wonderfulresults of his efforts. He said thatthe work done by Bourbon countypeople was the best piece of co-operativemovement he had ever seen. Thereport of one warehouse in this district, he said was classic. The figurethey had given for the turning overto the Association of the propertywas $20,000 less than anyone elsehad said it was worth. EdwardBurke, of Paris, he said, had madethe whitest and squarest report hehad heard of in the organization ofthe association. Each bank in Bourbon county had advanced its complete legal limit. There had not beena single report of a failure to deliverin Bourbon county. In every community he had been in, not only inKentucky, but in neighboring States,he had "bumped up" against menfrom Bourbon aiding in putting themovement over in these sections.The speaker told of persons in other counties who had violated theircontract by marketing their tobaccooutside of the pool in the names oftheir wives and sisters, and that action would be taken against themthis week. There is a law in Kentucky, he said, against a man violating the law by hiding behind hiswife's skirts. With the aid of Collins, Burke and the banks of thecounty. Bourbon did most to putover the association, he said.Mr. Sapiro complimented theParis Commercial Club for havingextended its influence outside of thelimits of the city and into thehomes of the farmers by combiningwith the Farmers Bureau. Theproblem of the farm is the problemof the town. Bourbon county sentout men who thought and acted interms of service only. "Men and women of Bourbon county, I bow toyou. It is a privilege to have metyou," he declared in closing.nSTOCKHOLDERS MEETINGCALLEDA meeting of the stockholdersof the Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany and the Co-operating Landand Development Company, will beheld at the court house in this city,at two o'clock, this (Tuesday) afternoon. The meeting has been called byCharles B. Mitchell, chairman of thestockholders' executive committee,for the purpose of trying to effectsome settlement with the creditorslof these companies.POOL VIOLATORSFACELAW SUITSBnrley Tobacco Growers Who SoldLeaf Under Pooling Contracts ToBe ProsecutedONE USED"- WIFE'S NAMEProsecution of growers who havesold tobacco belonging to the BurleyGrower's Co-operative Associationand of, warehousemen who have allowed or induced growers to sellsuch tobacco will be begun in a fewdays, it was announced at the conclusion of a meeting of the Board ofdirectors.The field service department, under the direction of Jos. Passonneau,has been investigating alleged casesof violation of contract, and willpresent the data to Aaron Sapiro,general counsel for the association.One of the first prosecutions, Mr.Sapiro said, will be that of a prominent farmer in the central warehouse district, who sold a large cropof tobacco in the name of his wife.Other prosecutions are plannedin other districts, where evidence ofLillegal sale is in the hands of the association.Under the provisions of the contracts, the growers gives to the association the right to get a decree ofspecific performance to force delivery of all tobacco unsold, to get'liquidated damages of 5 cents apound on all tobacco sold and to getinjunction against the buyer to prevent further purchases.The prosecutions of the warehousemen will be carried on probably as criminal cases under theprovisions of the Bingham co-operativemarketing law laying a penaltyof $500 on the warehousemen forbuying or permitting a sale where hehad knowledge that the grower wasa member of the association.This provision is intended, according to members of the association, todiscourage the use of violence incases where angry neighbors mightresort to it, as occurred during thepld pool.Mr. Passonneau has had agentsof the association at many of thejopen sales floors to warn the warehousemen if a member of the association should try to violate a contract.Most of the housing men, he said,had refused to buy or even allowpooled tobacco on their floors, butbut a few had gone about seeking tomake sales for members of the association. The activities of James C. Stone,president, in making sales, and ofRalph M. Parker, director of warehouses, in receiving and redrying tobacco, were unanimously approvedby the board, by a rising vote of confidence. Mr. Stone made a full report on finances, sales and receiptsof tobacco."As representatives of the growers, we are proud of the things wehave done," one of the directorssaid. "If it were not for the untiring and skillful efforts of Mr. Barker and Mr. Stone, however, I amafraid the record would not be sogood. We are fortunate in havingobtained officers of such quality.''Mr. Stone produced official figuresto show the average sales so farwould be several cents higher thanthe average paid to growers outside.SPECIAL NOTICESILK DRESSES, IN CANTONCREPE, CREPE DE CHINE ANDTAFPETA, AT $13.75 AND $16.75EACH.PRANK & CO.oPARIS BAKING CO.'S PLACE DAMAGED BY EIREDamage to the stock of the ParisBaking Co., and to the building onMain street occupied by the businessamounting to about $400, was caused by a fire which occurred there atan early hour Friday morning. (Theblaze was discovered by PatrolmenTurner and Lusk, who were makingtheir rounds. An alarm sent infrom Box 41 summoned the fire department. The fire, it was stated, was evidently caused by a combination ofmice and matches. The blaze wa3quickly subdued by the fire department. Its timely discovery prevented what might have been a very serious fire, possibly involving a largeproperty loss in the vicinity. Theoperation of the bake shop connected with the store was not interrupted and customers were served asusual.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANIf two 'wronger made, a right, some. people would be right! occasionally.7, 1922PLAN AID P0R STRICKEN JEWSAt a meeting of the Blue GrassCommittees with the State officers,held, in the New Lafayette Hotel, inLexington, plans for conducting acampaign for raising Kentucky'squota, $150,000, of a fund for reliefof Jewish war sufferers in Europe,were discussed. Paris was represented by William Shire, MorrisGuttman, I. L. Price and B. Friedman. The drive for raising the fund isto start the last of this month. Thequota for the Blue Grass region hasbeen placed at $25,000. Col. FredLevy, of Louisville. State nhairr.-.nnfor the campangn, in an address atI meeting, told of the stricken peoniesof Europe and of the money whichmust be raised to save them. Thesiogan tor the campaign is to be:"We will win; we cannot fail; ifmust be done; it can be done, and itwill be done."Since the world war started thejewisn people of this country haveraised practically $50,000,000 forthis work, every cent of which, practically, has been spent. According-to the best figures of men who havejubt returned from personal inspections of conditions in Central andEastern Europe, $14,000,000 moremust be supplied at once if thestricken Jews there are given ade-Hic ttlU. lne Camnn frn -nr?n tconducted all over the country at thesame time.ACCIDENT NARROWLY AVERTEDPresence of mind enabled MrsRobert Bell, County Truant Officer,to save herself from probably seriousinjury Friday afternoon.Mrs. Bell was motoring on theFord Mill pike, near Paris, when sheheard a snapping sound from somepart of the machinery close at hand.uaoiy examination showed thesteering rod of her machinp ybroken. The machine was rapidlyapproaching a telephone pole on theside of the road. Mrs. Bell quicklyreversed the car and cut off the gasoline, avoiding an accident. Shewas compelled to stay at a countryhome in the vicinity until anothersteering rod could be sent out fromone of the garages in Paris andother repairs made, so she could return to Paris.SMART SHOP OPENINGThe Smart Shop invites the public to their opening on Saturdav,March. 11, in the Bourbon Agricultural Bank Building. Take the elevator. The Soviet had a remedy for everything except a food shortage.?FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSNow ShowingNew Spring Stylesi "41 1,U..-' i'tr v if ?K? "r :FRANK & CO.j LADIES! 9UTFITTERS- .-I n A Af rmwnnrrwuu nuuaFOR TOBACCOPresident Stone Says Association IsSelling Tobacco Rignt AlongAt Good PricesPACTS AND FIGURES GIVER:From statements made by Ralph .Barker, director of warehouses ofthe Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-xoperative Association in an addressto the tobacco growers nf Ariamacounty, Ohio, at Manchester, O.. it isbelieved that the sales of the association to date total close to- sixty mil-lion Punds.While nothing has yet been madepublic as to prices, it is believedthat the amount realized by thegrowers who stuck to the associationwill be from 25 .to 50 per cent, higher than that paid the growers whoremained out of the association andmarketed their crop elsewhere, ifwas. said.Mr. Barker is said to have toldthe members, of the associationfrankly the amounts sold to the various manufacturers and the prices forwhich each grade sold, with the result that after the meeting the fewfarmers in the crowd who were notalready members of the associationcame up voluntarily and joined it.President James C. Stone said thatthe association is "selling tobaccoright along." The president, however, would not go into details.Judging from the activity in the tobacco district, however, and theprompt removal of the tobacco fromthe floors of the houses at which itis being delivered by the members ofthe association, it is believed thatsales are almost keeping pace withthe deliveries. If that is true, theestimate 'credited to Director Barkercan not be far wrong. NMOST EVERYTHING A PARMERNEEDSSpecial prices on all kinds of harness, buggies, wagons, all kinds offarm machinery, hardware, fence,Oliver, wood and iron beam plows,plow points for Oliver and Vulcanplows, double trees, single trees, allkinds of oils, barn and roof paint,house paint, varnishes of all kinds.Pony buggies, harness. All kinds ofgarden seeds.FARMERS SUPPLY COCoatsCapesSuits' Frocks ,Waists 'Evening Dresses'Mr-'-' 'Ifr'rSZ -.-'S- iA r-4 T fS rC7"fTJPAGE TWOTBE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1922. i'THE BOURBON NEWSI'sK11781XitaUiihed 188141 Years of Continuous PublicationPiMiihed Every Tuesday and PridayPer Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,BMtoffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)SHTB, FOREIGN BEPBESENTATIVES. Hew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per. fcach for first time; 50 cents per inch&eh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesaaust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationvhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSA Chicago philosopher has ponderously announced that the flapper's parents are responsible for her.. We say it's so. But for her parentsshe wouldn't be here to flap. Doesn'tit strike you that way?One theatre in Washington collapsed when there was snow on theroof, but not because of it. Seventheatres which might collapse haveBeen closed as a result of inspection.Do they inspect buildings in Washington in blocks of eight after onef the group has tumbled down?Twenty years ago no Paris womancould retain her social standing unless she had been operated on forappendicitis. Nowadays the sinequa non in the younger set is flap--peritisif you believe the more-alarmed than alarming social relormers. Is the behavior of the present generation of chickens (the feathered"iind of course) a a demonstration of2arwin's theory of the survival ofSttest? When the automobile firstappeared, large numbers of fowls"were slain in this country whilesucrrying across the road in front ofapproaching automobiles. Now, thedescendants of the wise old hens(the feathered kind, of .course),Merely cock their heads to one sideand wink knowingly as the speeddemons race past them.Enthused over the prospect for aseason of baseball in the newly-organizedBlue Grass League, EditorJames M. Allen, of the CynthianaDemocrat, unharnessed his old poet-ical nag, the other day, and permitted her to kick out the following:."Soon we'll hear the um71 Pire shout:'Strike t-h-r-e-e-.You'r out!Editor Jim is not the only .one-who has delicious longings for theId familiar sights and sounds whenthe umpire takes his stand andahouts "Play ball."A Bourbon county woman cameinto a local restaurant the other daywith a large basket of eggs shewished to dispose of. After considerable time spent in argument overthe price for the fruit, the restaurant man told her the price she demanded was too high, as comparedwith the present market value. Witha toss of her head, the spirited woan gathered up her basket, and asahe want out the door, hurled back:"Well, sir, I'll eat every darned onef these eggs myself, before I'll sell'them for a cent less than I asked forthem." That settled it!An old-fashioned Paris man wholives on Pleasant street objects towomen smoking. Why shouldn't theymoke if they want to (and to a deadmoral certainity if they want tothey're going to do it.) There isxothing essentially worse in afeathery wisp of smoke from a woman's lips than from a man's. OurParis "conscientious objector" says,However, that a woman's kiss flavored with nicotine isn't half so sweeta one fragrant with frangipanni(whatever that is he didn't ex-( plain.) Some of the women saythat's the reason they smoke the1 men don't bother them so much.Hqw about this, dear beloved chick: ms, flappers and others?The value of livestock on Kentucky farms January 1, 1922, wasapproximately $92,738,00 comparedto $127,396,000 January 1, 1921,and $165,703,000 January 1, 1920,according to the annual estimatesissued by the U. S. Bureau of Markets and Crop Estimates in co-operationwith State Commissioner of Agriculture W. C. Hanna. This is adecrease of $72,965,000, or morethan 44 per cent, in the value ofKentucky farmers livestock sinceJanuary 1, 1920, and nearly 24 percent, below the 1914 values beforethe war. The decrease in totalvalue is due chiefly-to shrinkage inprices, though there has been an accompanying decrease in numbers.Since January 1, 1921, dairy cowsshow a decrease 'of only 1 per cent,other cattle 7 per cent, sheep 3 percent, and hogs 5 per cent, in totalnumbers. This estimate gives thenumbers of livestock on farms inKentucky, January 1, 1922, as follows: Horses 374,000; mules 293,000; milk cows 520,000;- other cattle 511,000; sheep 631,000, andswine 1,214,000.The average farm value of milkcows in Kentucky, January 1, 1922,was $40.00 per head, compared to$73.00 January 1, 1920; other cattle $20.00 compared to $38.80, January 1, 1920; horses $68.00 comparedto $105.00; mules $82.00, comparedto $130.00; sheep $5.00, comparedto $11.20, and swine $7.50, compared to $13.00 January 1, 1920.FEITZ KREISLER, FAMOUS VIOLINIST AT LEXINGTON,MARCH 20When Fritz Kreisler returns toLexington for a concert at Woodlandauditorium Monday night, March 20,he will be received by an audiencemany of whom have heard him oftenbefore and others who are perfectlyfamiliar with phonographic records.The Kreisler concert will be the fifthand last of the Artist concert seriesfor the season 1921-1922.Mr. Kreisler has penetrated andmastered every technical secret ofhis instrument until he can drawfrom it a tone of manifold and shading or suggestion he would lay uponit the voice in perfection of theviolin, the music and the artist.Kreisler's tour this year has included all the leading cities of thiscountry and he is now in Cuba. Hisreturn to the States is scheduled forabout March 1.Seats for the Kreisler concert maybe ordered by mail from Miss AnnaChandler Goff, of the Lexington College of Music, or by telephoning639-X. It is expected that theKreisler concert will be the mostpopular of all the season's offeringsand those who wish to obtain goodreservations should write or telephone at the earliest possible moment, (adv)oRESIGNS OFFICE POSITIONMiss Elizabeth Jasper has resignedher position as clerk in the office ofthe Bourbon County Farm Bureau,and has accepted a position as stenographer in the office of R. F. Clendenin, insurance man. Miss Jasperwas recently elected secretary of theBourbon county Chapter of theAmerican Red Cross. She is a thoroughly capable young woman, andwill be a valuable addition to Mr.Clendenin's clerical force.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,JOB DEPARTMENT.oNAMED ASSISTANT ON BOARD OFHEALTHMiss Helen Donaldson, who for thepast six months has been assistantdirector of the State Board ofHealth's Bureau of Public HealthEducation and of its School of Public Health, has been named actingdirector of the bureau and school,succeeding Mrs. Jane Dahlman, whorecently resigned.Miss Donaldson is a trained executive with extensive experience inhealth work. She began her careeras a pubic health nurse in Kentucky,then went to the State Board ofHealth of Texas, from which she returned to her native State. Mrs.Dahlman at the present time is inWashington in conference with Federal health authorities.oIt Looked Bad."Why you call my boy a poor nut?"queried an Indignant mother, who confronted the dietitian of a New Jerseycharities association the other morningat her office door. And the latter hasnot yet found a way of convincingMrs. Caruso that "poor nut" on theface of Angelo's card stands for poolnutrition. SurvpvLove laughs at locksmiths, and atwedlock, too, sometimes.IMPORTANCE OFAIDING PRESSEditor Community News ServiceTells Something Begarding Publicity And Newspapers"PRESS IS' A LIVIlfa THING"The newspaper, like the fire department, police department andboard of health, is accepted by theAmerican public as an Institutionthat must do its work, serve all interests, ignore danger, know nosleep, accept abuse, be always polite.It s looked upon as an institutionthat must give its wares, i. e., itscolumns, upon the slightest pretextto the aid of any sort of movementhaving the slightest tinge of charity,civic advancement or social welfare.In the same breath it is called uponto protect and destroy, to blow hotand cold, to uphold the courts and towatch them, to support church andliberalism, to befriends the helplessand uphold property rights, to bealways right and to be superhumanin its swift gathering and presentation of news.Like the municipal departmentsmentioned, it receives few thanksfor doing its duty, but bitter attacksfor the errors that, being but of human energy, are sure to arise.No one who has not been active inthe making of a newspaper has evena faint idea of the toil and the energy, the sacrifice and the heart interest, that goes into every issue ofevery newspaper in every city ofAmerica.Few have any idea of the enormous expense that must be met, ofthe problems that arise from a clearsky and must be settled without aninstant's hesitation, problems, often,whose wrong settlement might meana fortune if not ruin.The newspaper is as near a livingthing, pulsing, warm, keenly alive,as any man-made product ever cancome, as delecate as a web and asstrong as a steel cable.Expecting all things of his newspaper, the business man gives, as arule, only what he must, and thenewspaper still is to be publishedwhose advertising department willfail to hear a grumble over its rates.The fact that there is not an immediate and tangible result fromevery insertion is the base for ceaseless mutterings, and even advertisers of years, whose whole businesshas risen to success through printer's ink, are prone to belittle thepart played by the paper.But should a matter arise whereinthe business man feels the need ofhis paper; should his lodge or hisclub or his church desire to give anentertainment, should his telephonebill be too high , his street car toolacking in seats, his treatment bythe corner policeman unkind, hismilk too thin, his children too littletaught in school, his political partytoo dormant ah!Then he runs to his paper for support, for aid and comfort. Then hedemands and receives it its mostvalued asset, its space."The public supports the paper,the paper owes space to the public,"he cries. But he might not remember that it is the public that supports him? He would be aghastshould the public come in and askfor goods from his shelf withoutpay, no matter how great the neednor how fine the reason. The churchdoes not ask him to give pews orcarpets, the politician pays for hisbanners, the lodge for its hall, thegas company for its pipes.A business depression settles down.The first to feel it is the newspaper,for the average business man, unlesshe is a skilled advertiser of longstanding, cuts first at his advertisingappropriation. In other words, hecuts away the greatest source of supply of life blood for his ailing business. If times are "hard," if money isscarce, surely it is obvious that itwill take more coaxing to draw it tfrom its hiding places. In everyother form of activity and industry,the greater the problem the greaterthe energy expended to solve it.Why, then, then does the averagebusiness man, in times of depression,when his sales are his greatest problem, lower the energy of attack.withdraw his silent salesman fromthe newspaper columns and its backgrumbling at the present, sobbingfor the past and crying but a faintoptimism for the future?A sick man takes medicine tomake him well, a well man takes exercise to keep him well and tomake him even stronger, and a verysick man seeks the doctor, regardless of cost. A well business coutinues to advertise until it gets verysick and then, instead of calling inDr. Widespread Publicity, it dismisses even his assistants and wonderswhy it don't get i well on .generalprinciples.Sometimes it does. Sometimes menrecover from serious illness withoutmedical aid or advice. But thechances all are on the side of theman who calls for understanding assistance. ,The right sort of a newspaper isthe best friend the American publicever had or ever will have; it is thegreatest support and aid to America's business men they will everknow. The sympathy between thebusiness man and the paper shouldbe as near perfect as it can be made,and so long as each side asks for andexpects only those things that acommon justice allows, the unionwill be a mutual support whosevalue will, be limitless.DANDERINEStops Hair Coming Out;Thickens, Beautifies.35-cents buys a bottle of "Danderine" at any drug store. After oneapplication you can not find a particle of dandruff or a falling hair.Besides, every hair shows new life,vigor, brightness, more color andabundance. (T-tf)Uncle Eben."Education don' do nuffln' foh somefolks,' said Uncle Eben, "ceppin toteach 'em how to bother delr friendswif a lot o' long words."FOR SALEFine lot of Clover Hay. CallCumberland Phone 135. (28-tf)We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.A large line of heating stoves nowon display. Get our prices beforeyou buy.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.- Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf)AUCTIONEERLet me be your auctioneer forsales of any kind. I have had fouryears' experience as auctioneer, andI will try my very best to give youa good deal. My rates will be satisfactory. Give me a trial. At Fordham Hotel after February 12.BRYAN WILLIAMS.(jan31-tf)ADMINISTRATOR'S, NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Charles B. Butler, Sr.,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment. All such claims not presented within the legal time will bebarred.All persons knowing themeselvesindebted to the estate of the saidCharles B. Butler, Sr.. deceased, arehereby notified to, call and make fulland complete settlement of such indebtedness with the undersigned' Administrator.FRANCES V. BUTLER,Administrator of Chas. E. Butler, Sr.(17-3wks)Administrator'sNOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of J. H. Brooks, deceased,are hereby notified to present sameproperly proven by law, to underundersigned administrator of suchand payment. All suchxclaims notpresented within the legal" time, willbe barred. All persons knowing:themselves in debt to the estate ofthe said J. H. Brooks, deceased, arehereby notified to call -jand make fulland complete settlement with theundersigned admanistrator of suchindebtedness.SARAH B. BROOKS,Administrator J. H. Brooks.(17-3wks, ' '0 SEEDGenuine Judy's Pride TobaccoSeed for sale, $1.25 per ounce. Seethe undersigned at the tobacco warehouses. (3feb-tf) S. K. NICHOLS.FIRSf CtASS COALWe are selling the best grade ofBlock Coal for $6.50 per ton at theyards, and $7.00 per ton for citydelivery. Why pay more? Everyload guaranteed.MANSFIELD &' JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.Cumberland Phone 711, Home 510.(jan27-tf-T)Income TaxRETURNSOFIndividualsPartnershipsCorporationsPrepared ByH . W. M A IN INRoom 203First National Bank Bldg.PARIS, KY.(24jan-tf-T)"wCapital $150,000.05Surplus and Profits 122,500.00v Stockholders' Liabilities 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $422,500.0Established 1851Peoples Deposit Bank,. & Trust Co.Paris, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, President G. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pres.-CashierGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres. GEO. L. DOYLE.Assiseant CashierROBT. METEER. Vice.Pres.VcH 1 1 H H I if MnM"l"M"l"M" ! M "I"I"M'H'.GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEP HO M FsDay137! II t lllllITIIiniii..,.,UMMOne of the most necessary precepts in every home is saving. Your greatest help in saving is a telephone.Saves time which is money. Saves steps. Forestallstrouble. May save a life or your home. Brings the doctoror firemen quicker. No argumentjagainst a telephone.Order a HOME Telephone to-day.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedSOmraTwo ThroughBirminghamNew Orleans LimitedLv. Lexington 10:40 A.M.Lv. Danville 11:40 A.M.Lv. Somerset 12:50 P.M.Ar. Chattanooga 6:20 P.M.Ar. Birmingham 10:35 P.M.Ar. New Orleans 10:30 A.M.UTHERNPullman Sleeping Cars and CoachesDining Cars Serving All MealsFir tickets, sleeping car reservations or other information, apply toTicket Agent, or address,H. C. KING, District Passenger Afent,104 North Umestent Street, Lexinfton, Ky.Income TaxReturnsIndividuals and partnerships,Can prepare a limited number.Office at Bourbon News, 320Main Street.J. R. HOWE.For Spring Planting!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsStrawberriesGrape VinesPerennialsEvergreensHedgingEtc.Seed PotatoesEverything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden. A largeillustrated catalog and guidesent on request.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsA Nursery Word in KentuckyLexington, Kentucky(tilll5apr)Night2BB1TREESRAHWffSrerEMTrains DailyNew OrleansCrescent City SpecialLv. Lexington 10:30 P.M.Lv. Danville 11:30 P.M.Lv. Somerset 12:40 A.M.Ar. Chattanooga 6:20 A.M.Ar. Birmingham 10:30 A.M.Ar. New Orleans 10:00 P.M.-!ffItTiw"a i'? r ' " " 1 ''W,&?S -V ' - - , ?K- , -1 "-pi rs..& a-yH.1 (3PH. , ,, w, fJ f,iWfcA. 5fPWT-,wT whfv rfrma- -"t w" -vpfvm fcTUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1822.GREAT EEWASD FOE NEXT DERBY WINNERg&yjtfi' .iThe winner of the 1922 KentuckyDerby will receive the greatest monetary reward in the history of theclassic. Fifty thousand dollars willbe added to the race by the Kentucky Jockey Club as usual, but theconditions have been changed so thatthe winner's portion will be greaterthan in the past.Second money will be reduced from$10,000 to $6,000, third money from$5,000 to $3,000, and fourth moneyfrom $2,000 to $1,000. The $7,000deducted from the shares of the run-ners-upwill be added to the prize ofthe winner. On a basis of probablytwelve starters the value to the winner will be in excess of -$45,000. Inview of the many promising 3-year-olds,turf critics predict that morethan fifteen starters will face the barrier, which will carry the winner'sshare above $50,000.Other conditions of the race will remain unchanged. Altho the date ofthe big race cannot be announced until the Kentucky awards dates, it isbelieved that it will be decided onSaturday, May 13,- THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, MjCK? r -i. ?-" l AS -. ji Rt V ,.-'l. -s' i sr . 3k ' i"v it: " .. jFAGETHMBPERSONALSINGROWN TOE NAILTURNS OUT ITSELFA few drops of "Outgrow" uponthe skin surrounding the ingrowingnail reduces inflammation and painand so toughens the tender, sensitive skin underneath the toe nail,that it can not penetrate the flesh,and the nail turns naturally outward almost over night."Outgrow" is a harmless, antiseptic manufactured for chiropodists.However, anyone can buy from thedrug store a tiny bottle containingdirections. (T-tf)LIVESTOCK ASSOCIATION TO BEORGANIZEDThe proposed Kentucky LivestockImprovement Association, which isto be composed of all Kentucky livestock interests and other kindredorganizations that are to work together for the improvement of thelivestock industry throughout theState, will be created officially at ameeting March 9, in Louisville.A committee, recently appointed atan organization meeting, conferredand drafted a constitution and bylaws for the new organization,which is to take the place of what isnow known as the Pure Bred Livestock Association.These will be passed on by themembership at next week's meeting.At a meeting of the board of directors of the Montgomery CountyFair Association, N. A. Wilkersonwas elected secretary to succeed W.Hoffman Wood, who has held thisposition for several years, but resigned recently.Our BargainFor This WeekHershey's CocoaLarge Size 1 9cSmallSize'. 8cHers hey '$ ChocolateSmall Size Only ScLogan HowardBoth Phones 179"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"NEWTAXI!New MachineReal ServiceAnywhereAny TimeCall Office 'of Big 4 Motor Co.Cumbi -Phone 891Home'Phone 249F. L. McCLANAHANJulian G. Rogers has returnedfrom an extended business stay inChicago. l 'Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price wererecent guests of friends and relativesin Cincinnati.Miss Elmeta Hinton was n mi estduring the past week of Miss BettiePerry, in Richmond. -Warren Fleming, of Paris, 'hasgone to Houston, Texas, where hewin engage nn the oil business.Mrs. W. T. Roberts has returned to her home in Carlisle after avisit to friends and relatives inParis.Mr. and Mrs. Henly Nauier havereturned to their home near Parisafter a visit to Mrs. John McClure,in Sanford.Miss Sara Elizabeth Bailev hasreturned to her home in Shelbyvillearter a visit to Miss Irene Bramblette, of Fithian avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Frederick A.Wallis, of New York, are guests atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay, on Pleasant street.Mr. nad Mrs. Ben Wright havereturned to their home in Sharpsburg after a visit at the home ofMrs. W. H. Fisher, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Hatfield Banner.have returned from their weddingtrip and are "at home" to theirfriends at the Bappert home on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Max Straus anddaughter, Miss Carolyn Straus, ofCincinnati, are guests of Mrs. Straus'brother, Mr. Wm. Shire, and Mrs.Shire, on South Main street.About forty guests attended thedance given at the K. of C. Hall by acommittee of young women on behalfof the local Council Knights of Columbus.Miss May Johnson, student atKentucky Wesleyan College, Winchester, spent the week-end in Parisas guest of Miss Maude Taylor, ofEast Main street.Mrs. Irene Veatch Isaacs, who iscompleting a training course at theGood Samaritan Hospital, at Lexington, is visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. J. Veatch, on Cliftonavenue, in this city.The following is from the Sunday Courier-Journal's Florida correspondence: "Dr. Hugh Johnson, formerly of Paris, Carlisle and Lexington, after a stay at Eustis, has engaged rooms at the Seaside Inn, Day-tona Beach, for the remainder of theseason."The opening Spring Dance willbe given at the Masonic Temple, inthis city, on Friday, March 10, withHarold S. Shively and Herman Tullyas commitee in charge. The dancewill be a subscription affair. Thehours will be from nine till three.Music will be furnished by the Original Kentucky Six.According to messages receivedhere by friends and relatives Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr, of Paris, is having a delightful time in the summer climate of Cuba. Mrs. Tarr istouring Florida and Cuba, visitingall principal points of interest inthese countries.Mrs. Henry Fuhrman, of Paris.who is spending the winter at herorange plantation in Wauchula,Florida, was a guest of honor recently at a party given by Mr. andMrs. H. H. Petteway, of Wauchula.Mrs. Fuhrman is a guest at the Petteway home for the remainder of thewinter.(Other Personals on Page 5)oBUILDING UP TOWN LIKE BUILDING BUSINESSWHAT CAUSES BUSINESS STAGNATION IN TOWN?Building up a town is like building up a business. The sagacious individual who sets about establishingand developing a business does notgo about it by teasing and bribingpeople to trade with him. He strivesto gain patronage by deserving it,by rendering a real service, by offering better wares at better prices, orby providing conveniences of somekind or other, as in location, or efficiency or courtesy, m And just so atown developed by making it a goodplace to live in.If it have an advantageous location, favorable transportation facilities, cheap and abundant power, lowrates, reasonable taxes, good housingand banking facilities, good schools,and a progressive, enterprising andkindly population, no donations orteasing is required. Far-sightedmanufacturers and traders are quickto preceive these advantages andnaturally gravitate to such points?Paris might well ponder over thesethings and look itself over carefullywith a view to finding out in which,if any, it is lacking. When the limitations are found and frankly admitted, a resolute, united effort to correct them would produce greater results than all the donations thatcould be raised in a hundred years.r , ;WORLD'S' BIGGEST HOTEL TO BEBUILT IN CHICAGOPeople who go back to townswhere .they once lived, are sometimes surprised to see how muchthey look as they used to be. Aninterval of five, ten or twentyyears may have elapsed, and perhaps scarcely a new building hasbeen put up. That used to be theway in Paris. The same seedy andstationary air seemed to hang overthe community that existed at aprevious period.This is not the characteristic ofordinary American towns and citiesin this hustling age. When it exists there must be some reason forit. In many cases it will be foundthat this reason has been the failureof that community to advertise itsadvantages properly and efficiently.If you were to examine the individual standing of the merchants ofsuch a place, you .would find casesof men who had to curtail their bus-ness. They once had a good trade,but it drifted away in a larsre measure. They had to occupy less spaceor get along with fewer clerks. Wecan recall quite a number of instances of this kind in this city.Probably these merchants at onetime had a good trade which seemedto them a permanent fixture. Theyfigured that their goods were so wellknown that people had formed thefixed habit of coming to their stores,and would continue to do so, whether the store did any advertising ornot. That might work for a shorttime. But they failed to reckon onthe change of population that is going on constantly.Some of the old patrons of a storeare always dying or removing elsewhere, or changing their minds asto the bast place to buy goods.You've known that to happen inPans, haven't you? A business mustkeep making friends, or it will failto fill up the gaps that invariablyoccur. Also old-time residents wanttheir stores to keep up with thetimes.The progress made in Paris islargely due to its enterprising merchants who have been wise enoughta push their business through theadvertising columns of THE NEWS.Men who know the value of advertising are the men who promote public enterprises.HOLSTEIN COW MAKES RECORDAS BUTTER-GIVERADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPvWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.( 3 1-f t) THE, BOURBON NEWS.In the latest "Reported Tests ofHolstein-Friesian Cows," publishedbi-weekly by Malcolm H. Gardner,5Delavan, Wis., Superintendent of Advanced Registery of the Holstein-Friesian Association of America, W.O. Ashurst, of Georgetown, has oneof his pure bred registered Holsteinsregistered.This cow, Lady Hamburg, is reported as having made at the age ofeight years and eleven months, a record of 478.1 lbs. of milk and22.378 lbs. of butter fat, in sevendays, equivalent to 279 lbs. of butter.Tests of this kind are supervisedby one or more representatives fromthe Dairy Division of the College ofAgriculture, present at each feedingand milking, to weigh the milk andtest it for buter fat content. Aduplicate sample of this milk is forwarded to the State College, wherecareful check is made before the record is reported.The Champion Holstein for Kentucky in the Full Aged Class for seven day production is Star Belle DeKol Lyons, whose record of 681.3lbs. of milk and 26,494 lbs. of butterfat, equivalent to 33.1 lbs. of butter,surpasses all others, according to therecords of the Holstein-Friesian association of America This record prodsction was made at the ColdstreamFarm, Lexington, Ky.Frank O Lowden, former Governorof Illinois, is President of the Holstein-FriesianAssociation of America. This Association has a membership of over twenty thousand breeders in the United States, and is thelargest pure bred cattle Associationin the world, representing over onehalf million pure bred animals.Bourbon Egg MashThe .Cheapest and Best Egg Producer You Can BuySOLD BYR. F. COLLIERTRADE AT HOME"Say It With Candy"You're Safe if It's the Right KindMISS HOLLADAYWe don't care what they do to thespeeders, just so they do it quickly.oWhen nrohihitionists fall out, themoonshiners sell their mountaindew.CAHAL BROS.BAEBEB SHOP4-WHITE BABBERS-Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AOTt COED BATHSHlllllllllHI)IHIHnmtiHUIlM'HHMHIIIIIIMWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesElectric Washing! Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSEMIHHIMMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMtltltllllllltfLEVY The Dry CleanerPIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGPlans for the world's largest hotelto contain 3,000 rooms and torbebuilt on Michigan Boulevard at 'acost of more than $12,000,000 wereannounced there recently.The announcement followed thesale of a block of land for S2.Kfln-nnn -.r. AJ T C "7 ' i''Uvv uu wuiuu xue new noiei, to Deknown as tile Stevens, will be built.Construction, it is said, will startsoon after May 1. &The hotel will be twentySvestories high and it .will hTe i- con-'Peoples Building & LoanAssociationAuthorized Capital $500,000OFFICERSG. W. WILDER PresidentF. P. CAMPBELL Vice PresidentF. W. GALLOWAY StcretaryGEO. L. DOYLE TreasurerD. D. CLINE AttorneyDIRECTORSG. W. Wilder M. Peale CollierE. H, Gorsy F. P. CampbellGeo. R. Davis ' Geo. L. DoyleB. J. Santen F. P. KiserD. D. Clinet-iiUf ffluff'A?The Best System to Save. The Easiest System to Pay for Your Home.Our stock has been maturing in 74 months.Our dividends have averaged 7 per centsince we have been in business. Yourincome from our stock is "non-taxable."We are helping hundreds, of people tosave and to buy homes. Let us help you.See the Secretary and Geta Passbook TODAY"ICIMOffices, PebMes DepositBarik & Trust!X3ompanyOffice Hours 9 A. M. to 3P. M. 'Srturlak 5 A. M. to 3 P. M. and 7 P. M,"to 9 P. M.Ifn"PN' ' 'M&iafervention hall to accommodate 4 nnnN,Ipersoas.H!- ftPAGEFOUK. a fe g v TH& BOURBONS NEWS. 3ARIS; KENTUCKYTUESDAY, MARCH 7, im,i m 1- i 1 ii a i I .,ii I ll.iilll IB t MM1 1 i - - f r r-t : " -' vjive tne Children rt - .'4Btiyrtwteg5& v.?v!wm1 1 oFSMr T45yyL cooled j ,- ""j ii " - fl I" Ih FSsiII STlP-rtl&K water MJ-fBUa lJU?1KVlrmjrm : mrt m m w m . . i m.mj w tviuivw xs.niv ui kw.v, iw i ihi -y. i . n .I WRnlmWi.Wlm .til. TTTrTTS f I iP iT SI lli:;:sdlim pv I Jl . JIM W-.WJ awn- vwra dfui . i hk w9Jmm" . i it?i vrv niifc flvi ntrf v i rs- - : - :'?v s rii i utolmxJl W- ttfl lJi ' ' R k2om. 7W :-Sl ravMYMsM r m 1-iUk. LV Hi, 1 X-T fUXflR k i tt (WAUTOWCnCSTEM H II MS VkJ tefe.-! RH5 ! iir . f.rifi JWWV-:H IilUOf REFRIGERATION IM L flulCt1 .uSIS 1p rnt lui-Jb Lorcrtterrle,- jinn wCQSXS!MO TMl1 1 "ffl' "- ti r r "-- i itYou Enow NowIf you are going to buy a "REFRIGERATOR this Spring. If you are,of course ybu will want the BESTand will therefore buyThe Automatic RefrigeratorWITH PATENT WATER BOTTLEBuy it NOW in our MARCH SALE and save the big difference in price. We have sold hundreds of Automatics and have never hadone returned. " "We guarantee EVERY AUTOMATIC REFRIGERATOR we sell, because it is absolutely the best refrigerator made.Our March Sale Prices on Rugs, Furniture, Mattings, Linoleums, Go-Carts, and Everything Needed for thehome are THE LOWEST you will find anywhere. You know our quality.J. T. HINTON COMPANYSixth and Main Streets. Phones 36OLD PAEIS BRIDGE SAIDHAUNTEDTOGather around, children, while we"unfold this remarkable tale of a remarkable ghostly visitor which issaid to be an inhabitant of the oldbirdge over Stoner creek at the footof. Main street. This story, as toldby Bob Porter, in the Sunday Leader,is fully up to average of modernghost stories, and is enough to causethe American Society for ScientificResearch to send an investigatorhere. The story follows:"The old bridge on lower Main.street, near the Bourbon county jail,which spans Stoner reek, and whichwas built over a hundred years ago,is said to be haunted. Several persons residing in East Paris who havehad occasion to cross the bridge at alate hour at night during the pastweek, declare they saw a white figure flittingabout in the bridge, thefigure always disappearing as theend of the bridge is reached. A fewnights ago Chief of Police Fred Linkwas approached by a negro near the"Windsor Hotel, who between gaspsdeclared he saw the wraith and that'it was within a few feet of him whenIt disappeared. Some declare thatit is the spirit of a negro who washanged in the jail yard several yearsago, and who died protesting hisinnocence. The more timid of thoseresiding 'in that section of the cityare going home earlier than hasfceen their custom A number ofyoung men who scoff at the idea ofghosts are preparing to hold an allnight vigil in the bridge soon to testout the ghost theory."THE TOBACCOOUTLOOK FINEEDITORIAL FLINGSProspects Rosy For -Permanent Sus-cess And Stable Prices For TheProduct At PresentASSOCIATION A MONEY-GETTERA group of Paris attorneys1 were"s'pinning yarns" a few nights agoin the office of one of the number,when one of them, a prominentyoung member of the legal fraternity, told this one:"One of the best speeches I everheard of was delivered by a youngIrish member of the Lexington bar,in behalf of a client whose cow had"been killed by a train on the G. & O.railroad. He said in one of theflights of oratory: "If the train hadbeen run as it should have been ran,or if the bell had been rung as itshould have been rang, or if thewhistle had been blown as it shouldhave been blew, both of which iheydid neither, the cow would nothave been injured when she wasbilled."MRS. E. B. JANUARYS WILL ADMUTED TO PROBATENot within twenty years has theoutlook for permanent success andstable prices for the product been asrosy at this time, and we are strongly of the opinion that the growers ofthe "weed" did, for an assured fact,bring about their independence forall time when they made ttie BurleyCo-operative Marketing Associationa success. For such it is now without question. Receipts at the various pool warehouses throughout theburley belt have proven, without anyshadow of doubt, that the crop in1921 was the shortest in many yearsnot more thon 220,000,000 poundsat most. The best posted tobaccomen men who have been familiarwith the growth of the crop foryears practically concede this fact.The Big Four realize this condition,and as a result are buying tobaccofrom the pool, but are also "gobbling" up all of the old tobacco thatthey can secure, having buyers onpractically every hogshead market inthe country. It is currently reported that the Louisville and Cincinnatihogshead markets will be out of tobacco in sixty days, and that Withinninety days' time the only tobaccothat can be secured, in quantities toamount to anything, will be in control of the Burley Association. Efforts are being made to get every tobacco grower in the burley growingbelt to sign the contract and if thisis done the machinery of the Association will run along smoothly andeasily. We firmly believe that theBurley Growers' Association willbring to Central Kentucky more lasting prosperity tnan nas ever cometo it, and that farmers and businessmen will reap the benefit. It you arenot already a member of the1 Association, sign up now.The last will and testament ofMrs. Ella Fothergill January, wifeof Mayor E. B. January, was admitted to probate in the County Court.The document bequeaths two-thirdsof all her estate, of whatsoeverkind, to her husband, E. B. January,and the remaining one-third to herdaughter, Mrs. Fred Wood, with theproviso that if the daughter outlives her father she shall receive thetwo-thirds bequeathed to him.Mayor January was named in thewill as executor. He qualified bygiving bond in the sum of $10,000,with B. Friedman, of Paris, assurety.oNEW BOYS' DORMITORYWESLEYAN COLLEGEFORAt a meeting of the building committee, tentative plans submitted byArchitech Churchill, of Lexington,were accepted for the new boys'dormitory at Kentucky WesleyanCollege, at Winchester. Mr. Churchillwill proceed immediately with thework of preparing the finished plansand bids will be received for thework. It is planned to begin workon the structure during the spring,as it is necessary that it be finishedby September. The new buildingwill be three stories high, of fireproof construction and will accommodate sixty boys. It will be builtas an addition to the old dormitory,which will be remodeled. Membersof the committee present at themeeting were the Hon. Geo. Hon,Winchester; Dr. Arnold, of Louisville, and Rev. C. H. Greer, of Paris.oRHEUMATISMKaniy a mother thinks, the timeshave returned to normalcy, now thattke children are in school again.os-Rmm rummers ar nakime the wilt"meres MmtfimmWjMVW; :(-k,vNEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO..WiflPi.W'trl.'r W: rr jfeefiiS?. -yDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.o sPORTRAITS OF PARIS MEN IN- ARTISTS EXHIBITSLODGE NOTESAt a meeting of Paris Chapter,Order of the Eastern Star, the degreewas conferred on Mrs. Boone Chanslor. Following conferring of thedegree a lunch was served by theladies of the order.At a called meeting of ParisCouncil Royal and Select Masons, thedegree were conferred on CommodoreRuttencutter, of Covington, and J.W. Clough and W. H. Stillman, ofParis.The annual inspection of A. J.Lovely Company No. 34, UniformRank, K. of P., will be held in Cynthiana, on Wednesday, March 22.The Cynthiana U. R. Company willbe present and will also be inspected by Brigadier General James E.McCracken and official staff. A feature of the evening will be a luncheon, to which members of RathboneLodge are also invited.oNOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERSAt this time of the year many tenants and others are moving from oieplace to another in this and othercounties. To those who are subscribers to THE NEWS we wouldearnestly request proper notice ofany change in address, in order tokeep our mailing list correct. Manyfail to notify us of their change ofaddress, and in this way cause agreat deal of trouble to the postalofficials and to THE NEWS.Subscribers sending in changes ofaddress will please bear in mind thatthey must give us both their old andnew address. If only the new address is given we often have to lookover a large list of names to findwhere the subscriber received hismail before his address was changed.You will greatly help us if you willalways bear this in mind when sending in a change of address. Alwayswrite name and address plainly.oThe free traders also believe infree speech and practice it.During the past week an especialtreat has been afforded the art loversof Central Kentucky in the exhibition of paintings by Mr. SudduthGoff, of Lexington, in the auditoriumof the Lexington College of Music.The exhibit included a large numberof portraits and subjects,, amongthem beirig Judge Charles A. McMillan, Judge Denis Dundon, of Paris,I and former Governor James vb. Mc-iPary,V'-v?l !Wi' .H. N. HORINEFurniture Finishing, Painting,Decorating, Graining, House andSign Painting, Interior and Exterior.Call Home Phone 246, E T. 402.(7mar-to-apr28)A Bolshevist does not believe inwearing any man's collar.oGems of thought are usuallymounted in the simplest words.PUBLIC SALEOFSTOCK, CROP, FARMING IMPLEMENTS, HOUSEHOLD GOODSHaving decided to quit farming, Iwill sell at public sale onWednesday, March 15,starting at 10 o'clock, at my placeon the Maysville pike, 3 miles fromParis, the following:4 good work mares;1 good 4-year-old mare mule;5 milk cows, two fresh;7 yearling steers;4 yearling heifers;1 good red 3-year-old bull;5 150-lb. hogs;40 good ewes, now lambing;2 pure bred Southdown bucks;Lot bure bred Barred PlymouthRock chickens;About 200 barrels of Corn in crib;About 75 bales of timothy hay:Farm implements of all kinds;Household and kitchen furniture.Terms made known on day of sale.C. S. BALL.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auction ?er.(7-10-14)NEWELECTRICAL FIRMFOR SALE.A Miller Coal Range, ,in firstclass condition but little used.Call onMRS. GEO. McWILBIAMS,Home Phon 183 Hfearins Ave...aJb .We have opened a new ElectricalShop at No. 425 Main Street, in thestore room recently occupied by theAllen Electric Company, with a newand strictly up-to-date stock of electrical goods and fixtures of all kinds,at prices that cannot be beat anywhere in Central Kentucky.We have, experienced men to doelectricatfwiring of all kinds. Workguaranteed and prompt service assured. Come and see us first.The pipe that the chap around thecorner smokes makes us feel morekindly toward the anti-tobacco crusaders.?BLUE GRASS ELECT1IC CO.,425, Maii.Street.Parii Xy.'H awrVJ.B.S.CQSchobleSpringHatsAre Herein the latest stylesand colors$546-650We are are showingWonderful Hats in allshades and styles.$3.00Price & Co.ii. ijv.. ss-I J-r ti!. & ,.," 'in MWi i" TmrJfe.!MJtCil jfiMl rrtf3?MHn3g41TUESDAY, MARCH 7,1822.THE; 'BQUBTONfNiyS,.rgAFAGB VfTlwPERSONALSN T..; xtMaa.i iw MMa-1 r vRELIGIOUSfSSBBSSSJSSJSJSSSJBjBJBJBJSSJBJBJSJBJH-"GIFTS THAT LAST"Comings and Goingi of Some YouKnow and Otheri YonDon't".SPECIAL SALSSILK DRESSES, IN CANTONCREPE, CREPE DE CHINE AND iTAEEETA, AT $13.75 AND $16.75EACH.FRANK & CO.THIEVES STEAL ELECTRICLIGHTING PLANTA motor and sixteen , batteries,forming the entire electric lightingsystem at the home of John C. McDaniel, at North Middletown, comprised the loot obtainedvby burglarswho visited the home.The stolen property was valued at$600. The thieves effected entranceto the home by breaking a lock on arear door. The theft left the homewithout light until temporary lightswere installed.TO ATTEND INDIANA TELEPHONE CONVENTIONJ. J. Veatch, District Superintendent of the Central Home Telephone and Telegraph Company, leftTuesday morning for Louisvillewhere he will join a delegation fromthe Central Office of his company atLouisville, to attend the SouthernIndiana Telephone Convention' atNew Albany, March 7 and 8.A demonstration of Wireless Telephone will be one of the featuresfollowing the banquet Tuesday nightat Tavern Hotel, New Albany.r y ' Q.. ....... ....PAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBILLSDon't forget that the 10 th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)oMARCH TERM OF BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe March term of the BourbonCircuit Court will convene on nextMonday morning, March 13. In theabsence of Judge Robert Lee Stout,Judge J. P. Bailey will preside asSpecial Judge for the three weeks'term.The largest civil docket in the history of Bourbon Circuit Court willbe called. The docket comprises 77ordinary appearances, 57 equity appearances, 99 old ordinary appearances, 376 old equity cases, and 41Commonwealth cases.SPRING MILLINERYSPECIAL SHOWINGFRIDAY, MARCH 10TH, 1922.This showing will include TailoredSport and Dress Hats.MRS MAYME PARKER.(3-3t)GENUINE GROCERY BARGAINSBest Cane Sugar, 16 pounds $1.00Coffee from 16 2-3 to 40c per pound.Best Cocoa, 1 pound with quartMason Jar 25cLarge Can Tomatoes 15cSugar Corn 10cSifted Peas 15cLarge Can Calumet BakingPowder .27cP. & G. Soap 6cIvory Soap 7cLenox Soap 4cBest Matches 5cArgo Salmon 30cPink Salmon 12cFARMERS SUPPLY COWITH THE "SHUT-INS"The allied forces of influenza,grippe and pneumonia are warringon citizens of Paris and the county,with the battle raging all along theline. New cases of the diseases arenumerous and physicians are busyday and night with the many callsfor their services.Miss Ruby Lovell has recovered,from a severe case of acute indigestion. Among those who have beenprostrated recently by the flu areMrs. Sim Levy, Capt. and Mrs. F. E.kelson, Miss Nell Rourke, Mrs. W.H. Fisher, Mrs., Hannah Connelley,Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Baker, Mrs. A. T.Forsyth, Misses Essie and MattieSexton, Mils. Gus Christman, Mrs. I.L. Glass.BOURBON POST TO PRESENTWAR MOVIE HEREMr. Shekels, of Louisville, representing one of the large movingPicture corporations, was in Paris,conferring with Clifton Arnsparger,of Bourbon Post American Legion,"i regard to presenting a stirringwar movie picture here on March 23and 24. Mr. Arnsparger and Mr.Shekels concluded a deal wherebythe picture will be produced here onJkose dates at the Paris GrandOpera House, under auspices of thePost.The pictures to be shown wereinade with the sanction of the TJ. S.War Department. The film was madea S- Signal Corps photographersana shows all phases of war activities at the front from hand-to-handencounters t ni.Ainn .nu:, vw I1U1UUGU AH.IIIVIJ"viuDaraments.C. C. Hale, of Morristown,Tenn., is a business visitor in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick have.returned from a trip to Nassau an athe Bahamas.Robert M. Johnson, of Mt. Airyavenue, is able to be out after athree-weeks' illness.Charles Rainwater, of Dandridge, Tenn., is in Paris for a fewdays on a business mission.Miss Cornelia Stone, of Versailles, is visiting friends and relatives in Paris.Mrs. Thomas Higgins has returned from an extended visit tofriends and relatives in Lexington.Mrs. Ada Lee Ralston, of Louisville, is visiting her uncle, I. L.Glass, and Mrs. Glass, at their homeon Broadway.Miss Ruby Jane Houston hasreturned to her home in this citvafter a visit to friends and relativesin Cincinnati.Mrs. Henry S. Caywood anddaughters, Misses Louise and Elizabeth, were guests Fridav of StateSenator Caywood, at Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, whohave been ill at their home onPleasant street, were reported yesterday as being somewhat improved.Miss Clementine Lusby, ofWashington, D. C, arrived Sundayfor a visit to her sister, Mrs. H. C.Towler, and family, on Scott avenue.Sam Throckmorton, County Attorney of Robertson county and W.E. Linville, of Mt. -Sterling, have re-J turned to their homes after a visitin .raris.William B. Ardery, and littleson, Billie, who have been seriouslyill at their home on the Lexingtonpike, near Paris, for several weeks.were reported much better yesterday.M. E. McCurdy, local managerof the Central Kentuckv TnsnrnnpACo., and E. C. Poplin, of the agents'force, attended a meeting of insurance men held in Winchester lastweek.Miss Jessie Spencer, of Richmond, Va., who is assistant to theminister of the Hanover Christianchurch, in that city, is visiting hersister, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, nearParis.Mrs. James Clay Ward and babydaughter, Mary Elizabeth, are spending a few days in Lexington asguests at the home of Mrs. Ward'ssister, Mrs. Jos. A. Goodson, inHampton Court, Lexington.Miss Minnie Hazelrigg, of Carlisle, who remained over as guest atthe home of James and AnnaDaugherty, after the- death andfuneral of her brother, Prof. J. T.Hazelrigg, has returned home.Thomas Sadler, of the JohnMerringer plumbing establishment,has gones to Dayton, Ohio, where hewill take a course of instruction inthe Delco Lighting Co.'s plant. Hewill be gone about ten days.Mrs. Julian Allen and son, ofMillersburg, are visiting Mrs. Allen'smother, Mrs. Guy Briggs, in Frankfort. Mrs. Allen came to Fiankfortfrom Louisville, where she had beenguest of Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Grayot.Calvert Meng, who was shotsome time ago by a tenant, has beenremoved from the Massie MemorialHospital, to his home. Mr. Menghas almost recovered from' the effectof his wound, but has developedpneumonia and plurisy.Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Thomas en-terained Saturday night at theirhome near Little Rock with a six-o'clock dinner in compliment to theirnieces, Misses Bessie Lee Clark, ofSharpsburg, and Christine Ramey, ofMt. Sterling. Miss Mabel Templin,of Paris, was one of the guests present for hospitable occasion.Miss Edna Snapp, of Paris, wasone of the committe in charge of thetea given in compliment of Mrs.Sherwood Eddy, by the officers of theState University Y. W. C. A., at Lexington, Saturday afternoon. The teawas given after a splendid addressmade by Mrs. Eddy in the recreationhall, and all present had an oppor-nity of meet her personally.The Department of Music of theBourbon County Woman's Club willhave charge of the program at themeeting to be held to-morrow evening in the auditorium of the ParisHigh School. The program will beas follows: Reverie; Novelazza,Miss Rachel McClintock; Berceuse from Jocelyn; Serenade; Florians Song, Mrs. Edward Prichard;Prelude, Mrs. Edward Spears; Barcarolle from "Tales of Hoffman,"Girls High School Chorus; Community Service program.Miss Ruth Feld, whos marriageto Mr. Jack Cohen, of Winchester, isto take place in Lexington next Sunday, was guest of honor last weekat a dainty shower given for her atthe family home. Upon answering asummons from the door bell MissFeld was surprised to see a miniature bride arrayed in an up-to-datewedding gown, with veil and wreath,carrying a large basket overflowingwith presents. "The bride," MissHarriet Gilkey, four-year-old daughter of Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Gilkey. presented the basket to Miss Feld in anice little ' speech. Music was furnished by Sol Feld, brother of MissFeld, and a number of his companions. A delicious lunch was servedby Mrs. Feld to the guests, who hadassembled in the home to helpA Resume of Events In ReligionsCircles For Present andFutureProgress is being made by theMission Council of Transylvania College in plans for raising $1,100 forthe support of Dr. Wilmott in thehospital of the University of Nankin, China. Every year an offeringof about this amount is raised by thestudents andfa cultiesof Transylvania, the College of the Bible andHamilton College. Among the members of the council, and assisting asgroup leaders in the "drive" . areMisses Helen Hutchcraft, ElizabethBurris and Geraldine Herrin, ofParis, Prof C. C. Freeman, head ofthe Department of English, and abrother of Mrs. W. O. Hinton, ofParis, has been elected Chairman.Mr. Earl Fossett, a member ofthe Students' Volunteer Movementand Gospel Team, delivered an interesting address to the members of theChristian Endeavor Societv of thePresbyterian church, at the meetingneid bunday evening. Mr. Fossett'ssubject was "Friends of Christ."which he handled in an able and eloquent way.Rev. Oakley R. Miller, formerlya member of the Mormon church,now a minister of the Baptistchurch, delivered an address n.t tiiAParis Baptist church Sunday afternoon at three o'clock, to men onlv,on the subject of "Secrets of TheMormon Temple." On Sunday nighthe spoke at the Presbyterian churchat 7:30 o'clock, on the subject, "TheTruth About Mormonism."MARCH COURT DAYTf ic cairi ir ha nnathe most: thrtntne- -ni. n.iA "showerkind ever filmed.; .: 1' Other Personals am Page 3)theFollowing the fine " weather ofSunday, yesterday reversed the signals, and the weather man sent ina supply of rain, which tended to cutdown the attendance on March CourtDay. A large crowd gathered in thecity, despite the threatening weather, and for several hours the tradingcircles were very busy. There wasa large number of mules and horseson the market, and a number of saleswere made at good prices. A fewcattle and sheep were disposed of atgood figures.At the sale of horses held on Second street by N. R. Parks, of Cynthiana, forty-three head were soldfor an average of $100. Severalgood sales were made at the mulebarns of Caywood & McClintock,while business was brisk at the M. J.1Murphy Co.'s pens. Merchants report a fair volume of business, withcollections good. - The prevailingtone of the tobacco market and thegeneral prospects for spring cropsfurnished topics of conversation forthe farmers.AGENTS WANTEDLive, agents wanted to handle citytrade for the genuine J. R. WatkinsProducts. Write quick for free sample and particulars. The J. R. WATKINS CO., Department 74, Memphis,Tenn. (3.2t)Ireland, apparently, had ratherhave her own way than be right."The Pride of Paris"EVERY DAYTHERE ARRIVESAUTHENTICMODELSilk IN; JlKNEWSPRINGGARMENTSVSEE THEM'AT.r,EtiDEiDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYnIDO YOU NEED ANOVERCOAT?We have made up our minds not to carry over a singleovercoat, therfore bringSIO-00 'r'with you and well show you values the like of whichyou have never before seen. Nothing further need besaid on this subject.Odds and Ends of Boys' SuitsMostly Sizes 15, 16 and 17$475 f- ;VALUES TO $12.50 ; ,If you have a boy that can wear either of the above size be sure to get onefor him. (There are not many.)- Spring Suits, Caps and Shoes are arriving daily. It's not to early to thinkof these. 'ErLEWIS WOLLSTEIN,, Twin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBetter Values in Men'sand Boys' WearIfvOffiSBr -3 iftkAPedographsof Your FeetFREEVV-BigPrizes toSuccessfulContestantsliSilllllilHlgl iiiH;ili;il!i;l-AreJiiL-VYOURFeet EnteredIn OurM a-,-.Perfect -Foot Contest? . I1 WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1922 1Free shoes te thet a.- : u: . !. w ) .mt.r thi eomtlit.X)B sure to wu w iiui iivr nrai swJ -lucky one. Get free Pedograph, of your ft howia tkeir exact coatfitiom awl decree of perfection. Prixes awarsM upoa the decision of reprcientatiTe of the ServiceDepartment of The Scholl Mff . Co., Chicago. Your feet ay win whether yen thinkAoyaow, ic oniy mkci wiaivBt - m-r .2 - ... ..... m. . 1. DaJaL mmyJ1 3S T 1H tbey are good or not.I .& - 1. J ' mm .WAV WAP WflH IejK Ot your stOCKimgra iuui. bTerynuaj a uumj . j - .j- - . .M Pari.' Greatest Shoe rA "VUITM Where Benty and g: fM Stor. JJAIN CUHfcJN Economy Bn -B . ... a i i. .. ...-.- . ".... .i.. Tf-. mwt $ "9HllllllllllllleWllllHnenenejenejnejinenejnvnjnjnu it-fff99fll9tfftV?Vrmv!sVffWfwin v s - x f J?, &HSWtUMmma -SKm'-- - 'Sv ;- v.d&!1 APAGE MXTHE BOJLKBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY-?TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1121.A5"-35r-7er; vr$?SW""! s - .q"."1 5asflFor Constipated Bowels Bilious LiverTke nicest cathartic-laxative tojpfcysic your bowels wlien you haveHeadache Billiousnesslaziness Indigestion!izziness Sour Stomachia eandy-like Cascareta. One or two Jto-night will empty your bowelscompletely by morning and you willfeel splendid. "They work while yousleep." Casearets never stir you upor gripe like Salts, Pills, Calomel,or Oil and they cost only ten centsa box. Children love Casearets, too.(adv-T)T10ITERS BRING AVERAGE OP$216 A HEADSixty-eight head of trotters wereold :ai the opening .day's sale oftrotters of the Kentucky Sales Company, Tuesday, for a total of $14,785, ai average of $216. Considering the quality and the general lackof demand for cheaper horses theMle was a very good one. The feature consignment was the 16 head ofyearlings by TJ. Forbes offered byHart Brothers, for which AuctioneerGeo. A. Bain secured a otal of$5,695, an average of ?356 per headfor the lot.W. H. Whaley, of Paris,,-securedthe following horses at the openingsale: ul,Val Dillard bf. (3) by KavalliGrace Dillard by Hal Dillard, $50;Allie Dillard bf, (2) by KavalliGrace Dillard by Hal Dillard, $55;Capt. Black, black colt, by TheCaptain General, road mare, $30;Dewey Brighton, be. (2) by LordDewey Brises, by Brighton, $25;bay colt (2, by Maurico B EasterBelle by Maple Bell, $50.10cSTIMULATE YOURSKINThe skin with its net work oftiny pores and glands should never beallowed to become sluggish and inactive. Dirt, cold cream, rouge andpowder will clog the pores, enlargetheiri and produce blackheads andblemishes unlesss the skin is cleansedthoroughly with soap and water atleast once every day.This simple method of beautifyingwas Cleopatra's secret. She knew thatto have a fresh fine skin thoroughcleansing was necessary. She used Palmand Olive oils, the same rare oilswhich are blended in Palmolive.If you use a fine mild soap, thereis no danger of irritation. Palmolivewith its creamy lather, is lotion-like inits action. It freshens, revives andstimulates and leaves the skin delightfully fresh and rosy.You can buy Palmolive Soap at allfirst class groceries and drug stores.THE PALMOLIVE COMPANYMilwaukee, Wis.'j 'Usk&a.Km am l$$3"jfCementing Family TiestWi i2y-Many families living at a distance aretalking to each other regularly one nightevery week. m, . 4Why not haven g with relativesor friends in othercities to talk onthe long distance Bell telephone some nighteach week?Station to station calls made between8:30 P. M. and 4:30 A. M. cost SO to 75 percent less than day calls.Reverse calls or appointment calls cannot be made at these low rates.Ask Long Distance for rates and details.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedxsjjsirXIIX!IIIXIXIXIXIX1Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONjpip. vyATCHwqRD;With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesana expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicit u'. your patronage..IiXIvJThe Bourbon Laundry"1Paris, KentuckyCONDITIONS. INEUROPE TERRIBLEJewish Relief Work Is Divided Intoffour Distinct Activities ThatAmong Starving Children IsMost Important.Kentucky State Campaign To Raise'Funds To Aid Stricken People InEurope Part of Natien-WideMovement.Many Inquiries are coming in tothe state headquarters of the American Jewish Relief Committee in Louisville regarding the campaign which isto be ; staged in the state late in Marchto raise funds for the stricken Jewishpeople in Central and Eastern Europe.State-wide interest is being shownin the campaign which is a part of acampaign being waged throughout theUnited States to raise $14,000,000 forthe relief fund. While the campaignis to be conducted by the Jewish people and solicitation of funds will bemade among tJhem yet all who desireto give to the cause will be given opportunity and their contributionsgratefully acknowledged.The money raised by the AmericanJewish Relief Committee is to be distributed in Europe through the JointDistribution Committee. The work islargely concentrated in Central andEastern Europe where live threefourths of the 13,000,000 Jews of thewar stricken countries. The countriesin which relief work is being carriedon are: Poland, Lithuania, Lativia,Russia, Roumania, Austria, Hungary,Palestine, Czecho-Slovakia, and Turkey. The relief work is divided into fourdistinct activities:First, for Jewish war orphans.Second, for Jewish war refugeeswho wish to return to their homes.Third, for the establishment of asystem of credit loans to help peopleget a new start.Fourth, for the work In Soviet Russia now opening for the first timesince 1916.The Jewish War Orphans.Robbed of one or both of their parents through the war or pogroms,300,000 Jewish children are wanderingabout in Europe clothed in rags, living on roots and grass. These naked,freezing, and starving little childrenhave no country to look to but America for relief. Thousands of them aredying and will die before relief canget to them, but there are still otherthousands who can be saved to become useful men and women if onlythey can get food, clothing, and shelter-rajsg?: '" '?? ,-.The Refugees. " 'More than 400,000 Jewish" refugeeshave been compelled to flee from theirhomes for their lives, due either to thewar or the pogroms published againstthem. Thousands of them are livingin the open fields and in such shelterin the forests as they are able to puttogether. Terrible epidemics of typhoid and typhus are sure to resultdespite the most heroic efforts throughfunds already subscribed. Fix in mindthe following statement of men justback from Europe: Fifty per cent ofall the houses in Europe belonging toJews have been destroyed. This figure mounts to ninety per cent in Roumania, Galicia, Eastern Poland, Southern Russia, and Lithuania.Be it said to the everlasting creditof these people that they refuse tostay in the bread lines and refuse tohang about the soup kitchens, askingonly that they be allowed to returnto their old homes, rebuild their dwellings, rekindle the hearth fires, andagain erect their sacred altars.System of Credit Loans.In Central and Eastern Europe arethousands of Jewish merchants andsmall manufacturers who ask only thatthey be loaned enough money to getanother start. They are not seekingalms. They are not asking for donations. They expect to and will payback every cent they borrow as soonas they get on their feet. The sameIs true of thousands of other Jewswho need the simplest tools withwhich te work. Day laborers are asking only for picks and shovels and achance to use them. Already thiscredit system Is In operation in Poland, Roumania, Lithuania, and Palestine, and is wonderfully effective.Soviet Russia.For the first time since 1916 RussiaIs now being opened up for relief. Atthe request of President Harding, theJoint Distribution Committee is goinginto Russia in co-operation with theAmerican Relief Administration underthe direction of Herbert Hoover andthe Society of Friends. No one knowswhat has been going on behind theveil that has shrouded Russia in mystery and horror for all these months,but it is safe to say that the task willrequire high courage and great sacrifice. The stock objection to this drive forrelief funds is, "The time is not propitious. We haven't the money."There are two answers. The first Isby Louis Marshall af'New York, chairman of the American Jewish ReliefCommittee, just back from "Europe:-We Jes in the United States are themost fortunate Jews who have everexisted on this globe. We have beenblessed as never none of our faithhavejeren.been blessed since the worldbegan." The second is a telegram fromLionel Weil,' chairman of the NorthCarolina campaign: "North Carolinais going beyond her quota. . -Don'tworry about the South. We are brokebut we still have iir a for our auffar.tag brethren."I Eat, Sleep, Work )andFeel Better Than inTwenty Years I OweThis Entirely toTANLACIt has made, a new manout of me. This experience, related by E. C.Bayne, contractor, of, 124 South Honore St.,Chicago, may be yourexperience also ifyou take Tanlac, the world'smost famous system builder.Feel fine, as nature intendsyou to feel. Get Tanlac today.At all good druggists.SMALL CITIES AND VILLAGESTAX-RIDDENGovernor Miller, of New York,points out that the really tax-riddencommunities of his State are not thegreat cities as commonly believed,but the small cities and villageswhere there is too often a less livelyand intelligent interest in budgets.He seeks legislative power to go intoany community and look into suchmatters. Strange to say the smallplaces are strenuously objecting tobeing looked into.CORNSLift Off with Fingers( - iDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, wittfout soreness or irritation. (adv-T)BEP0RT OF STATE TREASURYCONDITIONThere was $2,118,935.47 in theState treasury at the close of business, February 28, according to astatement given out at the office ofState Treasurer James A. WallaceOutstanding State warrants totalled$5,381,817.27 on that date.The funds in the treasury weredivided as follows: General expenditure fund $813,089.48; schoolfund $960,704.83; sinking fund$91,917.38; road fund $253,293.78.The True Test.The true test of civilization is notthe census, nor the size or cities, norIhe crops no, but the kind of a manthe country turns out. Emerson.FARMERS8AtBANKPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00(SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSfrank P. Kiier, Preaident8. L. Wtathen, Vica PraaidantW. & Mitchell; CaahltrJno. W. Yarkaf, Aaa't CaaaitrDam Paad, Jr., Bookkaafar...JJ tnjHHpy&aSMTmmttrnriesf&Krji, flft HiNt- iX. ,www is igwwfiwjttaigy.-1 tjM-H&tM, w utferpf.tfM3ir ;mGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399viawnfi;uiui3w .aaWR!ffis9lMrTHE notable quality of our professional efforts is theirdignified character.Oar unfailing politeness is at all timesfavorably commentedupon. Our servicesare faithfully performed.1 1 iiKiinn1 1 1 1 1 18lHM3MMMf7fM'llulaKfr"1fciJ&7ec6THE ITNLVIERSAL CARDown They Go AgainLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford Motor 'Co., effective January 16, 1922ChassisRunabout 319Touring Car 348Truck Chassis 430r Coupe 580Sedan 645(F. O. B. DETROIT)RUGGLESMOTOR COMPANY'VMBMflHXMixwrnxiHXHHIUirtJUNE M, 1IMiTUESDirtr, MARCH 7, 1922.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY-(jan3-13-T)STATE PAYING OFF INTEEESTBEAMING WAEBJLNTSOutstanding interest-bearing warrants amounting to approximately$100,500,000 were called in for payment by State Treasurer James A.Wallace. The warrants includeschool warrants issued from May 2to June 1, 1920. Interest on thewarrants ceases March 15.A Book.If a book come from the heart, itwill contrive to reach other hearts:all art and author-craft are of smallaccount to that. Thomas Carlyle.INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to LexingtonLexington To Paris7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. I 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. m. 2:0(kp. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 5:00 p. m.7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m!8:15 p. m. 7:00 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.JEWS OF STATE T0CQlfFEE01f-rv. BELIEF FUJTDA conference of Kentucky Jewshas been called to take place inLouisville, March 26, to begin thecampaign to raise the State's $150,-000 quota toward the $14,000,000national fund being collected for therelief of Jewish sufferers from war,pogrom, famine and disease in Eastern and Central Europe. Fred Levy,State chairman of the drive, willpreside at the meeting.For the purposes of the nationalcampaign the country has been divided into zones. Kentunlrv nnHnine other States in the CentralWest comprise Zone Seven, under thedirection of Charles Rubens, withheadquarters in Chicago.Funds raised in the United Statesare administered in the stricken regions of Europe by the Joint Distribution Committee, of which FelixM. Werburg is the head. Thirtvper cent, of the relief is distributedamong non-Jews in the communitieswhere the Joint Distribution Commute operates."CHECK YOUR BABIES" IS NEWSLOGANKENTUCKY TRACTIONfflNAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TEE-FLORALAGENTFlowersFor AllOccasionsGotten onShortNotice.Phone MeYour Order.Jo S. VardenAgentBabies may be taken to the ParisChristian church if their mothersdesire to attend services on Sunday,and have no one to leave at home incharge of their offspring. Also thevmay cry as loudly as they please iftnings do not go just to suit them.The luxury of tears was taken intoconsideration when the Woman's Society of the Christian church established a nursery to be open for babies whose mothers have been keptaway from Sunday morning servicesbecause they had no way to arrangefor the care of their children athome during their absence. Thewomen of the church serve in relays in the nursery, so that any babyspending its Sunday morning atchurch can be sure of a comfortablelap and soothing cuddly arms whenneeded. Toys are provided in abundance and their use encouraged. Therewill be no more blue Sundays forParis babies whose mothers affiliatewith the Christian church.NATURE TELLS YOUAs Many a Paris Beader KnowsToo WellWhen the kidneys are weak,Nature tells you about it. 'The urine is nature's index.Infrequent or too frequent passage, Other disorders suggest kidney ills.Doan's Kidney Pills are for disordered kidneys. Ask your neighbor.Paris people testify to their worth.D. L. Honican, 411 Main street,Paris, says: "A few months ago mykidneys almost put me past going.They were weak and I was annoyedby the frequent action of my kidneys. The secretions were highlycolored and passed frequently. Myback ached most all the time. I wasrestless at night and couldn't sleep.My kidneys were in such bad shapethat I began using Doan's KidneyPills, which I got at Oberdorfer'sDrug Store, and it didn't take themlong to fix me up in good shape. Ihave never since been bothered andI can't recommend Doan's KidneyPills any too highly."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Honican had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)tfbrighter;EVENINGS-A-ySS.FCLf""xJust HistoryIn WThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She srreeted her gueitiBy Coal Ofl light.And later on,How time does DasHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Bat the irl of to-dayWho wanti her home bright,Just prestes a bnttoiAnd has ELectrio light.HOLD "EASY DEGREE" UNIVERSITY POUNDERThe State Department at Washington, has received scores of tettersfrom foreign governments asking forsome official information on thestanding of the Oriental Universityand telling of the apparent ease withwhich its diplomas were obtainablein their countries.The "university" has been in operation for 17 years under a Virginiacharter. The authorities were advised that the founder, Helmuth P.Holler had advertised the property forsale and was about to go to Europe.He was arrested and taken beforeUnited States Commissioner Hitt ona charge of violation of postal regulations and held in $3000 bail fora further hearing.Government authorities are aliveto the danger to long established institutions of learning, in the continued existence of "universities" whoserequirements for a "degree" arelargely monetary. The right to usePh. D., D. Sc, or B. A. after a namecomes from long, hard study and asuccessful passing of difficult examinations. The worlds of business, religion, science and art recognizethese and similar abbreviations asindicative of certain qualificationsand attributes in their owners. Ifthey or similar "degrees" can be obtained by anyone with the price,they will no longer possess anyvalue. Hence the present investigation, which it is promised is butthe first of several.DON'T 60 AGADf ST BUiriO HUTSGAMEThe old-time confidence men whoused to met the country folks whenthey were in the city and inveiglethem into card sharp games, do notoperate that way any more. Theyhave found a better scheme. Theyget out into the country, they wearstore clothes and look like prosperous bankers, and they present, surething investments bound to pay highrates of interest and all guaranteedas safe as the Bank of England.The country man takes a chancewhenever he buys investments fromstrangers. If he must put his moneyinto stocks and bonds, the Parisbankers will tell him of good investments. But the most apparentlygilt-edged ' stuff sometimes goesJtsaloc your money bock wPositively Contauu no AipiriaFoe Sab at all Dnif Smh30 Tablets , 25c(till-25mar)wrong. The surest thing for themto do is to invest their money inBourbon county real estate, real estate mortgages and other investments in and near Paris, where theycan watch them.Canadian vfac.ft'cVKas MfertT Mita.The Canadian Pacific railroad hasthe total greatest railway mileage onthis continent, with a total of .18,375miles.Pattest te a rirtobut It shines wrth creatMt HMrtarthe men of government WHMaat-Penn.The Way of the Day.Ending of the ultra modern story:' and so they were divorced, andlived happy ever after." WaysJoVTales.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIMESBLUE GRASS GASOLINE(tf)OPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesGars Washed-. tIncorporated inKentucky36 Years AgoFor 36 years the Standard Oil Company(Kentucky) has been identified with the businessand economic life of the people of the State of Kentucky. It was incorporated under the laws ofthe State of Kentucky in the year 1886.The Company's home office is located at Louisville,Kentucky. And all its officers and directors, as wellas a large part of its stockholders, are citizens ofthe State of Kentucky.It operates at Louisville a most modern and efficiently equipped refinery THE HOME OF NEWCROWN GASOLINE, "The Perfect Motor Fuel'It operates 150 tank stations and service stationswith every modern facility for the greatest possibleconvenience and service to the public.It pays more than $1,500,000.00 a year in salariesand commissions to its representatives in the Stateof Kentucky.It pays approximately $400,000.00 a year underthe various city, state and county license and inspection laws of the State of Kentucky.It maintains a large force of thoroughly dependableemployes, whose cooperation, loyalty and efficiencyhave contributed largely to the building up and sustaining of its great state-wide service to the public.Upon the superior quality of its products, its efficient organization and excellent service station andtank station system throughout the state, the Company hopes to merit the public's continued patronage and good will.Standard Oil CompanyIncorporated in Kentucky.?.yYParis Gas & Electric Co.(iMtCfMBtti)A nod is as good as a wink to aman who. is hunting a drink., .jif iJjfej - ;, 4i,.- tftbn - : .. .' '--,' -'xr:t' r -'iM$ r$rAGBfifiHTm- r-BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYj'TUESDAY, MARCH T, IMS.I . " i B J ggg B ' , JiMILLERSBURG'-Tfcttwitrag News Items From Bourv . boa County's College Town. Mrs, C. W. Howard, of LexingHton, is visiting relatives here.i' Miss Lily Boulden. of Lexing-t' fcon, visited Mrs. C. B. Smith, Sun-j- Mrs. Gaines Dudley, of Carlisle,Is visiting her sister, Mrs. W. D. McSlntyre. Mr. Will Clarke, of Shelbyville.returned home after a visit with relatives here.Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Judy, of' -Xexington, visited Mr. and Mrs. J. B.3ray, Sunday.- Mrs. H. A. Kackley, of Flem-, " -ingsburg, is visiting her sister, Mrs.Xetton Vimont.Mrs. Anne Simms Lee, who is a-visitor in Paris, was guest of Mrs.Louise Leer, Sunday.Mr. Edward Welburn, of Mays--ville,is visiting his parents, Dr. andMrs. W. D. Welburn.Mrs. Tony Zoellers and children"have returned from a visit with relatives in London, Ky.Mrs. Burdette Walton, of Lexington, visited her mother, Mrs.' vNeppie Rigdon, Sunday.Mrs. Urban Swinford, of Carlisle, visited her mother, Mrs. J. H.-Carpenter, the past week.Mr. Richard Metcalf, of Kentucky Unuiversity, Lexington, is visiting his perents, Mr. and Mrs. W.B. Metcalf.Mr. and Mrs. Tom Ecklar haveTented the property of Mrs. NeppieR-igdon, and will open a boardingliouse at once.Miss Martha Purdy, of Transylvania University, Lexington,'' spent the week-end with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Horace Purdy.The M. M. I. basket ball teamwill play Carlisle at Millersburg tonight. Each team has won a game,and this promises to be one of thebest games of the season.SMART SHOP OPENING TheSmart Shop invites the public totheir opening on Saturday, March11, in the Bourbon AgriculturalBank Building. Take the elevator.The following officers were ordained Sunday morning at the Chris-.-tian church by Dr. Nutter: Dr. H.C. Burroughs, Amos Stamper, G. D.Judy, G. W. Judy, R. L. Wilson,Durward Mason, Jesse Burroughs,. Joe Farris, J. B. Cray.The Millersburg Twentieth Century Club will give the followingprogram on March 11: Roll CallAnecdotes of Famous People "TheTrail to Kalteur" Mrs. Marshall;"'Columbia The Wonderland of Opportunity" Miss Clarke; "Begota,J Bostoi of South America" Miss-"""'Fisher; Hostess Miss Mclntyre.' M. M. I. Basket Ball Team was- defeated by the Paris High School inFriday's night's tournament by the- score of 24 to 22. M. M.-L did notput up their usual strong game, buty r ' - all credit is due to Paris for theirfek . consistent nlavin?. This pnmfi Ali-m-inated M. M. I. from the tourna-- . ment.REAL ESTATE DEALSThrough Harris, Speakes & Harris,Paris realtors, Mayor E. B. January,and Frank P. Kiser, representingthe Farmers & Traders Bank, ofParis, rented at public auction theN "VanMeter farm in Fayette county,to E. R. Little, of Lexington. The- place brought a rental of $18.15 peri. acre, a total of $4,107.90 for theyear. The farm comprises -.26.5. acres. Mr. Little will get possessionthis week.Chas. A. Webber, Clarence Kenney. and Walter Penney, executors of thexlate Mrs. Ifatt A. Kenney, sold at- the court house door yesterday her'-farms of 135 acres, near Kenney Station, to Chas. A. Webber, for $143.25an acre. Five shares of the capital- stock of the First National Bank soldto Robert Adair, for $151 per-share,.and eight shares of Peoples-DepositBank stock sold to J. T. Flora for'$143.25 per share. The sale wasconducted by Auctioneer George D.i-Speakes.1IMEETING OF RETAILERS ASSOCIATION IS POSTPONEDSupplementary to previous notice of the Fourth Annual Conven--tion and election of officers of theRetailers Association of Kentuckywhich was to be held in Louisville,March 22 and 23, notice has been received of the postponement of thisconvention until April 5 and 6. Thischange being made in order to allow visiting merchants bringingtheir wives and relatives to Louisville for the Style Show, which willbt iM progress at that time, maymake their trip a combination ofbusiness and pleasure.As previously stated a very livelyprogram is being planned and speak-1r or local, State and National prominence will address the convention.TMe second day will be devoted principally to a Controller' Congress, atwkfch time a round table discussioni41vidual problems will takeImTftations are cordially extendedto atJ.Merchants to attend the conTtattem ami take advantage of theJructive program that will be'''$&fcDEATHSlife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must Pay -. . RIGGS ,- The- funeral of Willard 37 Riggs,two-weeks' old son of Mr. and Mrs.Willard Riggs, who reside on theWinchester pike, near Paris, washeld at the family home Saturdayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock. Serviceswere conducted by Rev. J. M. Spicer.The child was probably the largestat birth in the county, weighingsixteen pounds.WARRENA message rrom George M.Kiser, at Paducah, Sunday, to MissMadal'ine Huddleston, of Paris, toldof the death, in Cave City, Ky.,Saturday of his sister-in-law, MissMary Warren, of Stanford: MissWarren had been ill but a few days,death resulting from pneumonia.Miss Warren was a young womanof fine Christian character, and waswell-known here, where she had frequently visited her sister, then MissAnna Warren.The body, accompanied by Mr. andMrs. George M. Kiser, was taken toStanford, where the funeral andburial took place yesterday.L .YOUNGMrs. Eliza A. Young, formerlyof Paris, died Saturday night at herhome, 175 North Hanover street, inLexington, after a long illness due toa complication of diseases.Mrs. Young is survived by her husband, S. M. Young, four daughters,Mrs. Wallace Carter, Paris, Mrs. C.S. Brown, of Frankfort, Misses Idaand Alma Young, of Lexington, andtwo sons, Willie and Lambert Young,both of Lexington.The funeral was held at the family home in Lexington yesterdaymorning at eleven o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. B. C. Horton. The interment took place onthe family lot in the Lexington Cemetery. The pall-bearers were E. W.Frantb, Jos. Wilson, G. B. Wilson, R.P. Smither, T. B. Hicks and C. V.Powell.LEONARDMrs. Helen Tippett Leonard,aged eighty-two, died at the homeof R. K. Farris, on Cypress street, after an illness of about ten days.Mrs. Leonard was a daughter ofthe late Johnand Elizabeth SimmTippett, of Harrison county, and wasborn in Nicholas county in 1840.She was the widow of William Leonard, who preceded her to the gravemany years ago. She is survived byone daughter, Mrs. Llewellyn Can-j trill, of near Paris, and four grandchildren, of Bourbon county, andone sister. Mrs. Mattie Hitch, of CoxCreek, Nelson county.The body was taken to the homeof Mrs. Llewellyn Cantrill, wherethe funeral was held at two o'clockyesterday afternoon. Services wereconducted by Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch. The interment took placeon the family lot in the JacksonvilleCemetery.DUDLEYMiss Rebecca Dudley ,-aged seventy-six,died Friday at the home ofB. F. Bedford, on Cypress street, after a long illness. Miss Dudley hadbeen suffering for some time from acomplication of diseases.She was a daughter of the lateRev. Eldred S. Dudley, a former pastor of the Paris Baptist church, whohas been dead twenty-seven years.Rev. Dudley was one of the mostnoted ministers of the Baptist churchin his day.Miss Dudley is survived by onesister, Mrs. Nannie Dudley McClintock, of Paris, and five nieces, Mrs.Claude F. Spears, of Muir, Mrs. BenF. Bedford, of Paris, Mrs. Frank L.Lapsley, of Shelbyville, formerly ofParis, Misses Nannie and Nell McClintock, of Paris, and two nephews, Dr. William Dudley, of nearHutchison, and E. S. Dudley, of Covington. The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. T. S. Smylie,pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch. The interment followed onthe family lot. The pall-bearerswere B. F. Bedford, Frank P. Clay,Claude W. Spears, Dr. William K.Dudley, Dr. Frank L. Lapsley and E.S. Dudley.MITCHELLMrs. Bettie McCarney Mitchell,aged about seventy-five, died Fridaynight at the home of her son, OscarMitchell, in Chattanooga, where shehad been making her home for manyyears. Mrs. Mitchell's illness wasdue to pneumonia, complicated byintense grief over the loss of heryoungest son, Thomas Mitchell, whodied in Chattanooga, several weeksago, and was brought to Paris forinterment.Mrs. Mitchell was the wfdow ofThomas Mitchell, and daughter ofJohn McCarney, both in" their dayprominent in the business life ofParis. She early in life became identified with the congregation of theParis Presbyterian church, and wasone of the most faithful workers inthat denomination.Mrs. Mitchell was a sister of thelate George T. McCarney, who formany years conducted a grocery andhardware business in the store roomat the corner of Main and Fourthstreets, at present occupied by theWC -fV' - . I h. -.- .. ... '."". " ------ - m -b ymw , jna - Jb MH,lfi.i &,Jf X. e- -. .. imA. . wk. T?3M -M . AJl- w . -a . v Xr - T m, -- li -" " -V Alt"-. -a?r'r ;-': '' h,5r'i' HSI:-r -- -" -' -afl-.I f v . Thos. H. Ince's Great Drama of Life and Love IIALAMO I -LYING LIPS"Ull d GRAND AM Star Cast, Featuring House Peters and Florence VidorTODAYme xigiit mat uca iu wuiiiem a cyca iiao biiuwcxcu ius mystery-rays into ZaQvery heart of mankind. Happiness, sorrow, success, failure even the tolerance or intoleiance of a nation itself bowbefore the light that lies, in woman's eyes; and lies, and lies, and lies. " Then speak the lips, and in the reckoning which follows there is revealed a mighty drama of life and love; a story of one woman and two men, trapped in the net of circumstances, forever struggling for the right torule their souls.It's Thos H. Ince's Greatest Production. "A Master's Work of Art"That's what you'll be thinking and saying when this bountiful spectacle of society, proclaimed everywhere as the masterproduction of Thomas H. Ince.is presented with the most brilliant casfc of favorites ever assembled for the screen. MayEdington's daring love story converted into a cinema epic with the strength of Gibraltar, the rushing romance of Niagara!tS? oT!i0" CARLO RESTIVO International AccordionistMASTER OF THEM ALL. COMEDY, WHISTLING', SINGING AND ITALIAN YODELING.ADOLPH ZUKORPresentsALove that shookThe intrigues inthe Court of King Henry VIII, s The wild revolt of an angry populace.The dazzling Queen's coronation in Westminster Abbey. The great spring festival revels in Windsor Palace Gardens.The most magnificent water spectacle ever filmed. Startling prison scenes in the Tower of London.The amazing sports and pastimes of Britain's "Royal Lover." A story of human hearts on a purple background of empire.Directed by Ernest Lubitsch, Creator of "Passion."Seven Thousand People in the Cast! Most Stupendous Settings Ever Built!aEASTERNEST HATLEVS ORCHESTRAFormerly With Lasses White Minstrels(Special Engagement for Two Weeks Only)ADMISSION-ADULTS 27cParis Billiard Co. She is survivedby one sister, Miss Iva McCarney, ofParis, and one son, Oscar Mitchell,of Chattanooga.The body was brought to Paris,Saturday, accompanied by her son.The funeral was held at the Presbyterian church at two o'clock, Sunday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. T. S. Smylie. The interment followed on the family lotin the Paris Cemetery. The palllionrprs wprG! Dr. J. T. Vansant,James D. McClintock, Owen L. Davis,Rudolph Davis, E. B. January anaGarrett Jefferson.MANSFIELDParis relatives were grieved tolearn of the death of little Mary Estelle Mansfield, one-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Worth Mansfield,which occurred at the home of herparents, in Danville. She was illonly a few days from pneumonia.Mr. Mansfield formerlv lived inParis, and is a brother of Mrs. Gilbert Lytle, Mrs. Thomas Kiser andMr. Monroe Mansfield, all of Pans.The little girl is survived by herparents, one brother, Reuben Mansfield, and a half-brother and half-sister, Margaret and Efnest CloydMansfield, of Danville.Monroe Mansfield nnd Mrs. Thos.Kiser, of Paris, attended the funeraland burial, which took place in Danville, Friday.SPENCERThe body of Rev. Dr. I. J. Spencer, pastor emeritus of the CentralChristian church, in Lexington, whodied in Peoria, Illinois, Wednesdaynight, arrived in Lexington, Saturday, accompanied by Mrs. Spencer,Miss Eva Spencer, and Mr. GayleSpencer, who had been at his bedsidefor several days preceding his death.At noon Saturday the body wastaken from the home at 134 Walnutstreet to the church adjoining. Funeral services were held at 3:30o'clock Saturday afternoon, conducted by Rev. 'Dr. B. A. Abott, editor ofthe Christian Evangelist, St. LouisMo., Dr. A. W. Fortune, pastor of thechurch, and Dr. E. E. Snoddy, of thefaculty of Transylvania College.The interment followed on the family lot in the Lexington Cemetery.The active pall-bearers were W. N.Cropper, E. L. Gillr, S. A. Glass, CN. Manning, George Roberts, E. B.Sweeney, J. W. Throckmorton and S.L. Vanmeter. vHonorary pall-bearers were: JudffeJTOMORROW,'DECEPTIONRomance of Love Behind a Thronea mighty kingdom and gave to history the flaming career of beautiful Anne BoleynTHURSDAY,LYNNEWith MABEL BALLIN and EDWARD EARLE.Also RUTH ROLAND in "WHITE EAGLE" and Pathe NewsADDED ATTRACTIONPLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c,Matthew Walton, Dr. W. C. Bower,John C. Taylor, J. H. Adams, RhodesArnspiger, J. T. Jackson, J. E.Phelps, Dr. R. L. Carrick, ProfessorH. H. Downing, Prof. J. F. McHargue, J. Nathan Elliott, J. S.Botts, Claude Sutton, A. C. Chinn, L.D. Heathman, F. F. Hill, H. S. Brooker, E. M. Hildreth, Matt S. Walton,W. T. Congleton, Jno. Biddle, TiltonJ. Cassidy, G. Z. Faulconer, C. E.Martin, Talbott Clay, F. BallardWood, D. W. Reddish, Henry Lloyd,E. A. Wise, W. F. Price, Geo. Byrns,J. B. Farley, Walter F Duncan andW. C. Lawwill.Memorial exercises for the distinguished divine were held at the Central Christian church Sunday morning. Rev. Dr. A. W. Fortune, pastorof the church, spoke on the life andcharacter of Dr. Spencer, while amember of .representatives of variousdepartments of the church paid eulogies to the dead minister.Mrs. William Ardery, of Paris,daughter of Dr. Spencer, was unableto attend the services on account ofthe serious illness of her husbandand little son, both of whom are nowbetter.DJJTTCTJLT TO INCREASE CHURCHATTENDANCEThe average man will go to acircus, or a show, or a ball game,and consider the money well spent.He will imbibe a certain amount ofinformation of some value, but generally it is soon forgotten.Nevertheless, he is ever readyand anxious to go again.He could spend an hour or so atchurch on Sunday, drop a few nickels in the collection box, and received more real and lasting benefitthan would be derived from, a dozenshows or ball games.Yet it is difficult to get him there.Sometimes we wonder if it wouldnot be easier to fill a church bycharging a stiff admission at thedoor.We seem to place a higher valueon things that cost us the most, regardless of their worth.Or -jKfi might stage a dog fight asan attraction. That would bring'em running.oAnother thing. Home brewedstuff is bad for the home brood.rnPublfc- hiarhwavs riannot he, navedwith good intentions alone. 'Oh, the light that lies in woman's eyes and lies, and lies, and lies!Through the age?, from days primitive to days modern, from the quaint,quiet lassies of the Colonial fireside to the dazzling elite of the 1922 ballroom,WEDNESDAYMARCH 9th91 The Beloved Story Reborn and Immortalized In Hugo Ballin's Production.CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18cMATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByBRADFORD KIMBALL -Homer Kimball, of Paris, andMiss Carrie Bradford, of Newtown,Scott county, secured license andwere married in Georgetown. Theywill reside at the home of the bridegroom, who is engaged in- farmingnear Georgetown.McCORD WAGONERElva Wagoner and Miss BeatriceMcCord, both of Bourbon county,were granted a marriage license Saturday by County Clerk Pearce Paton.They motored to Wilmore, wherethey were married by a minister ofthat place, returning to Paris afterthe ceremony.FELD COHANThe marriage of Miss Ruth Feld,the charming daughter of Mr. andMrs. David Feld, of this city, to Mr.Jack J. Cohan, a prominent youngbusiness man of Winchester, will besolemnized Sunday afternoon, March12, at five o'clock, in the parlors ofthe New Lafayette Hotel, in Lexington. Followingthe ceremony a wedding dinner will be served the members of the families and the bridalparty. The following invitationsare being sent out:"Mr. and Mrs. David Feldinvite you to be present at themarriage of their.daughter,RuthtoMr. Jack J. Cohanat the Hotel Lafayette,Lexington, Kentucky,onSunday, March the twelfth,nineteen hundred and twenty-twoat five o'clock.Dinner after ceremony.Please Respond"oCHANCE FOR AGENTSHemstitching and picotting attachment works on any sewing machine, easily adjusted. Price $2.50with full instructions.ORIENTAL NOVELTY CO.,Box 11, Corpus Christ!, TsxsjlPLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20ciiBIRTHSMr. and Mrs. Edwin Thoinason,of Little Rock, are the proud grandparents of a fine daughter born toMr. and Mrs. Victor Corbin, at Butler, Ky. The little girl has beennamed Ann Woodford Corbin. Mrs.Corbin was before her marriage MissIzema Thomason, of Little Rock.-Mr. and Mrs. Overton Harbor, ofRichmond, are being showered withcongratulations upon the arrival ofa handsome daughter, born at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in Paris,Friday morning. Mrs. Harber wasformerly Miss Rachel Wiggins,daughter of Mrs. Laura Wiggins,and sister of Squire John S. Wiggins, near Hutchison.MYSTERY MIXED WITH GASOLINE' AND AUTOMOBILEAn abondoned automobile, deserted and alone, with its rearwheels projecting dejectedly into theair, furnished considerable speculation Saturday morning for passers-byon the Maysville pike, a few milesbelow Paris. The machine, a Fordsedan, had skidded to one side of theroad and landed 4n the roadsideditch, with the rear wheels up in theair, and the radiator buried in themud.The license tags had been removedfrom the machine, and no one couldbe found who had witnessed the accident or who knew anything thatwould throw light on the mysterv ofhow the machine came there. Sometime later in the day the machinewas removed, but no one knew whodid that or when it was done.REPORT OP THOMASON SALEThe public sale of sheep, mulesand cattle belonging to W .A. Thomason, Bourbon county stock dealer,held at the shipping pens in SouthParis, Saturday afternoon, was conducted by Auctioneer George D.Speakes. There was a large crowdpresent and the prices realized wereconsidered very good. Two hundredhead of Kentucky mountain ewosjust beginning to lamb, c0id for anaverage of $24.00 td $62.50 a head.Ten mules were sold for an average'of $116. The price for the mulsVwas considered rather lew. Th s&uhad been postponed twice on accountof the Inclement weather, but Mr.Thomason decided to hold it Satmr-day regardless of rain or shine.