1ih -wi lit1.-Vf?9$tHcf$PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AMD FRIDAY Oi THE YEAS.urVOLUME XLIIiPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1122BOURBONTHENEWSill !?,$ fefJw- :rTHE COMMUNITY SERVICEPICNICAfter weeks of preparation thelig Community Service Picnic was.brought to a focus yesterday, whenlarge crowds gathered at the beautiful woodland of Forrest Letton, onthe Lexington road, near Paris, foran afternoon of. enjoyment. Theday was threatening part of thetime, but the weather man held off-and gave them a fair deal.Preceding the program at thegrounds, the Maysville Boys' Band,one of the best musical organizations in the State, delighted thelarge crowd in the city with asplendid musical program in frontof the court house. The band waslate in arriving, and necessarilycut short their contemplated program. At the picnic grounds, thefollowing program of exercises wascarried out in the presence of one ofthe largest crowds of the season:Racing from 10:00 a. m. to 10:45 a.m.; Addresses by Major Samuel Wilson, of Lexington, 11:00 a. m.;Dinner, 12:30 p. m.; Dancing, 1:00to 6:00 p. m., seven-piece orchestra;auction sale of provisions, clothing,etc., conducted by Auctioneers Geo.D. Speakes and Hensel Margolen;2:00 p. m., Girls' baseball game,4:30 p. m. Besides these therewere other attractions o f anature calculated to amuse the people. The musical program by theMaysville Boys' Band was one of themain features of a most enjoyableday. The games were under thesupervision of Miss Grace Cruickshanks, director of the CommunityService playgrounds for Paris.-o-HUNDREDS BUY THEIR HOMESTHROUGH PEOPLES BUILDINGAND LOAN ASSOCIATIONThe Peoples Building and LoanAssociation Inc., has helped over300 people of Paris and Bourboncounty pay for their homes duringits existence. It affords an easysystem to save, by means of whichhundreds of people have been helped to get a start in the businessworld.It is a good organization to boost.Boost it by becoming a member.Boost it with your influence.G. W. WILDER, President.F. W. GALLOWAY, Secy.(septl-tf)fire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANCITY PLAYGROUNDS CLOSEDAfter twelve weeks of beneficialinstruction and recreation for thechildren, the Paris playgroundsclosed Saturday. During the time aboys' baseball league was formed,the Wilson ploygrounds team winning the pennant. The program forthe summer included a pet show, adoll show, stunt night, baby show,marshmallow roasts, a tack party,story telling contests, a baseballleague for girls, mothers' day, anathletic meet, swimming party, lantern show and the tennis tournament. The supervisors and theirassistants were: Wilson groundsMisses Adams and Stivers and Mr.William Hinton ; Brennan MissesStewart and Santen and Mr. WalterCollins; City School Miss MiriamGalloway and Mr. Yutaki Minakuchi. Miss Grace Cruickshank, of Lexington, who has been supervisingthe playgrounds in this city, willleave to-day on a motor trip toChicago, in company with MissesVirginia Anderson and Ethel Jolly,of Lexington. On her return shewill resume her duties as instructorof history in the Lexington HighSchool.FEATURES THAT MAKEPOPULARUSJoin any time. Pay no "backdues." ' Dividends credited semi-annually.A dividend record of 7annually. Interest at the rate of6 per cent only, charged on loans.Courteous and generous service toall.A progressive official staff whoare constantly on the lookout for allnew features that will better the Association. Established and operated for thebetterment of the community.We help all who come to us forhelp. See the Secretary.PEOPLES BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION, Inc.G. W. WILDER, President.F. W. GALLOWAY, Secretary.Office: Peoples Deposit BankTrust Company,(septl-tf)&NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tn'THE PRIDE OF PARIS"LOVELYDRESSESINSILKtu!ANDWOOLDaily arrivals thatbespeak the modein the new Fallmotifs.JUNORSSCHOOL GIRLSANDWOMENS SIZESi i VV ''IIii HI I ' mSA. ' Wki )). v$&&DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYiW. G. SWEARENGEN KILLED ATCOLUMBUS, OHIO.While exercising one of his trotters in a "workout" at his trainingstable, in Columbus, Ohio, Fridaymorning, W. G. Swearengen, formerly of Paris, one of the best-knowntrainers in the trotting horse world,was killed by being thrown from hissulky.Mr. Swearengen had been working out a fast trotter, and was goingat a fast gait down the track, whenthe horse struck a loose panel in thefence surrounding the track, throwing him to the ground and demolishing the sulky. Mr. Swearengen -wasthrown backward from the vehicle,alighting on the back of his head.He was picked up by attendants who jhad witnessed the accident andrushed to the Grant Hospital, in Columbus, where an examination disclosed a fractured skull and otherinjuries. Deatn came snortiy alterthe injured man was received at thehospital.Mr. Swearengen was a resident ofParis for many years, afterwardmoving to Uartnage, onio, rromwhere he went to Columbus, astrainer of fine trotting horses. Hewas known all through the turfworld as one of the most capableand straightest men who ever handled a rein over a horse's back. Hehas trained and raced some of themost noted trotters that have stepped over the Grand Circuit, andhad the reputation of being a manof unimpeached probity in the game.It was said of him that no man onthe turf had a more intimate knowledge of the good points of a horsethen he did.Mr. Swearengen is survived byhis widow, Mrs. Lucy HungerSwearengen, one son, Earl Swearengen, of Paris; two daughters, Mrs.Julian Howe, of Paris, and Mrs.Douglas Armstrong, of Chicago, andone brother, A. A. Swearengen, ofMendota, 111.The body was brought to Paris,Sunday night, accompanied by members of his family, and was taken tothe home of Mr. and Mrs. EarlSwearengen, on High street. Thefuneral was held at 3:30 o'clockyesterday afternoon, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. Dr. Frank J.Cheek, of Danville.. The pall-bearerswere M. J. Murphy, J. T. Tadlock, Robert Shropshire, EdwardBurke, M. Peale Collier and DouglasThomas, Jr.BASEBALLSUNDAY'S GAMESParis 7, Cyntihana 3.Winchester 4, Mt. Sterling 0.Lexington 5, Maysville 4.SATURDAY'S RESULTSParis 2, Cynthiana 7.Mt. Sterling 10, Winchester 4.Lexington 4, Maysville 7.YESTERDAY'S RESULTSParis-Mt. Sterling (Rain-no game)Cynthiana 1, Winchester 0.Maysville 2, Lexington 0.WHERE THEY PLAY THURSDAYMt. Sterling at Paris.Maysville at Winchester.Lexington at Cynthiana.. Cynthiana again assumed the leadin the Blue Grass League struggleby outplaying the Paris Mammothsat all stages of the game Saturdayafternoon at League Park, winningout by the score 4of 7 to 2. Longand Bailey, Cynthiana's twirlers,held "Paris to six hits. Mueller andHurst, Paris pitchers, were touchedI up for a total of eleven hits. Rhorerand Borner, of the Cynthiana team,hit out home runs, while Winger,the Mammoth's new third baseman,hit for a home run and a triple.Cynthiana played errorless ball insupporting their pitching staff. Thebatteries were: For Paris Muller,Hurst and Macke; for CynthianaLong, Bailey and Barker. Time ofgame, 2:10. Osborne umpired. Attendance good.Rain caused postponment of thegame scheduled for yesterday afternoon at Mt. Sterling between theMt. Sterling and Paris teams. Thenews came to Paris just as theMammoth's were getting ready toleave. Rather than be disappointeda large delegation of Paris fanswent to Winchester to see thegame between Winchester and Cynthiana.PRESBYTERIAN EDUCATIONALCAMPAIGN PROGRESSINGThe Executive Committee of thePresbyterian Educational Campaignvoted unanimously to set a quota of$25,000 for Paris as their share inthe one million dollars to be giventhe nine institutions so essential toPresbyterians in Kentucky."From now until the actual solicitation starts," said Mr. M. PealeCollier, Chairman of the ExecutiveCommittee yesterday, "we expect touse every possible means in puttingthis cause clearly and squarely before the Presbyterians of Paris. Wehave always stressed Christian education and among the things inwhich we have taken pride is ourchain of Christian colleges and institutions. I think it is Christiancitizenship that moves us to unite asPresbyterians in a common effort tostrengthen our schools and collegesfor the good of the church."Plans are being perfected for theorganization of the team heads andteams for the actual solicitation ofthe money. The Students Rally willbe held Tuesday evening at eighto'clock in the church parlors wheninstructions will be issued by theprofessors.BIRTHSRev. and Mrs. A. S. Venable, ofCampbellsville, formerly of JilIra-burg, are receiving congratulationon the arrival of a little son at theirhome. Mrs. Venable before hermarriage was Miss Lucile Butler, ofMillersburg.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Meng art)the proud parents of a fine sob,born at their home near North Middletown. The young heir has beemchrisetned Charles H. Meng, Jr., inhonor of his paternal grandfather,Charles H. Meng, of North Middletown. Mrs. Meng was before hermarriage Miss Sara Jones, of NortkMiddletown.WALLACE REE) IN "THEWORLD'S CHAMPION"SEPTEMBER COURT DAYPARIS BOY GETS MERITED PROMOTIONThe Royal Baking Powder Company, New York, has announcedthat effective September 1, Mr.Sherman R. Snapp, of Paris, will bein charge of all crew work in theOhio district, as general manager.This announcement was sent to allcrew managers informing them ofMr. Snapp's appointment and thatthey were to give him their supportand co-operation in building up afirst-class organization.Mr. Snapp has been with thiscompany since 1912 and during thattime has received one promotion after another until he is now advanced as head of the department inwhich he was at work. Recently hewas called to the New York officesfor an interview with the presidentand other officials, following whichhis promotion was announced." For five years Mr. Snapp was located in San Francisco, and traveledin all the Western States in the interest of his company. On January1, he was transferred to Cincinnatiin charge of the work there.oPAY YOUR GAS AND ELECTRICBELLSDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)CONSTANCEBINNEYLOVE."IN "EIRST"Peter the Great" is now a member of the personal family of Constance Binney, the attractive andtalented little Realart star who willbe seen at the Alamo and GrandWednesday afternoon and night, in"First Love," an entertaining anddramatic romance of a little cityfactory girl.The Peter in question is. ofcourse, not the reincarnation of thefamous Czar, but a huge Russianwolfhound named for the Emperorand a descendant from the royalRussian kennels."First Love" is, however, a storythat has nothing to do with Russian wolfhounds, being a tale ofhumble people to whom such rareand expensive animals would be areal novelty. 'Some old topers talk as if they'dbe willing to go to jail so rtheycould hang around the bars. ;The Maysville Bulletin says:"Pitcher Brakefield, former Parishurler, is now wearing a Cardinaluniform. If Brakefield does as wellas Miner, who was formerly withthe Mammoths, the local team willwelcome him gladly. He is a tall,rangy fellow, and looks as thoughhe ought to have the power to shool'em across."With Miner, former Mammothtwirler, pitching against his for-.-wnefr teammates, the Maysville Caridin'als stormed the Paris Mammothson the Maysville grounds "in Thursday's game, winning out by thescore of 7 to 3. Cotter, who was onthe mound for Paris, was not veryeffective, and the Maysville boys assembled a large bunch of safe hitsoff his delivery. Wills twirled theeighth inning for the Mammoths.The game was protested in the fifthinning by Manager Wills, when Nippert was thrown out at home, theclaim being made that the umpire'sdecision was an unfavorable one.The game was not an especially brilliant one. The batteries were:For Paris Cottor, Wills, Mackeand Engle; for Maysville Minerand Connolly. The game went twohours and fifteen minutes, and wasumpired by Triebel.Bert Engle, catcher, a formermember of the Lynchburg team, andinfielder Heilman, a recruit fromthe same league, are the latest additions to the Mammoths' forces.They came to Paris with Winger,Cotter and Dehaven, who have eachfigured in recent gamed. Engle hailsfrom Norfolk, Va., and Heilman isa member of the Heilman family, ofCincinnati, who have made theirmark in baseballdo'm.In the game on the Jacksonvillegrounds Sunday afternoon, the Escondida team administered a defeatto the Jacksonville team by a scoreof 5 to 3. Rainey, on the pitchingmound for the Escondida team,struck out fifteen men. Escondidatied the score in the eighth inning,,and put over the two winning runsin the ninth. Linville Ditched forJacksonville. The battery for Escondida was Rainey and Mitchell.The game was witnessed by a largecrowd of interested spectators.The defeat which Paris sustainedat the hands of Cynthiana in Saturday's game was completely wipedout when the two teams clashed atLeague Park Sunday afternoon. Thegame was a victory for the Paristeam by the score of 7 to 3, duemainly to the masterly pitching ofRumage, and the good support accorded him by his teammates. Bydefeating Cynthiana Paris tied Cynthiana for first place. Rumagepitched one of the best games seenhere this season. Nippert and Engle starred with the stick for Paris.Heilman and Nippert secured two-base hits. One of the largest crowdsof the season witnessed the game,which went for two hours and thirty minutes, and was umpired by Osborne. The batteries were: ForParis Rumage and Macke; forCynthiana Long, Mulhollen, Bailey and Barker. The four new recniitsr Rumage, Heilman, Engl andWinger worked out in this game,and did -"verrar. well ideed!' .The "Court Day" crowd in thecity yesterday was somewhat largerthan usual, owing to the day beinga holiday, and the Community Picnic in Letton's woods offering ameans of recreation for the farmers.There was very little livestock onthe market, a few horses and cattlechanging haiids at good prices.Nearly all the business houses closed in the afternoon to give their employes a chance to attend the bigpicnic, consequently business wasrather dull. The usual side attractions peculiar to "Court Day" wereon hand, including an itinerant exhorter, who addressed a small crowdon the public square. The intenseheat made the day an uncomfortableone for those whose business compelled them to be in the open. Inthe morning the concert by theWhen Wallace Reid, Paramountstar, agreed to do the title role of"The World's Champion" from thesuccessful play by Thomas Loudenand A. E. Thomas, as his new starring vehicle, which will be shownat the Alamo and Paris Grand this(Tuesday) afternoon and evening,he drew a large order, for to portraya prizefight champion and to showthe pugilist in action in the bout ittwhich he grabs the prize belt, is a.stunt that cannot be "faked" beforethe camera.Under the clever direction ofPhilip E. Rosen, the screens of"The World's Champion" are mostrealistic and the picture is declaredto be highly diverting. J. E. Nashadapted the play to the screen andMr. Reid is supported by Lois Wil-son, Lionel Belmore, Henrys Miller,Jr., Helen Dunbar and other players. 40SAVE YOUR EARNINGS NOW; IXWILL PAY YOU TO DO SO.The best way to save your Earnings is with a building and loan association. A better association than.Maysville Boys' Band distracted the the Peoples Building and Loan As-attention of the "Court Day" at- souiatiuu, u.,is hard totendants for a time.NO INTERRUPTIONOffice: Peoples Deposit BanKTrust Company.G. W. WILDER, PresidentF. W. GALLOWAY, Secy.find.andPRICE & CO. HAVE STARTEDWORK ON THEIR NEW FRONT.THERE WILL BE NO INTERRUPTION IN BUSINESS. COME IN!Virtue may be its own reward,but most of 'em are looking for alittle additional conmpensation.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSLet Us Sell You BetterMerchandise atLower Prices&-"t:tWe guarantee to give youlower prices on any standard branded merchandise, such as cotton,Nsheetings, ginghams, etc.than you get elsewhere..V:FRANK&CO.LADIES! OUTFITTERSH'jsf A 1.J 7 ;, . s .:&&?f0k 1. ""fff ' vKljpfurv..&'V2'seJtik.f"ftSfc-!'m 7&t?ifrn4W itPrt'ftw"T?-.X- ;:iJiT.-&J- sfc-V-V -T":uV!f: ir--jr-s1mPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWSprttUitfed 1881-41 Tears of Continnoar PublicationXftbliiked Every Tuesday and FridayPaTIfcar $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.iWITT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.JjWmlwtd. at" Ithe ' Paris, Kentucky,.Ptrtoffie as" Mail Matter of the'W6btoa Claw.) - -OUE F0EEIGK EEMLESENIA-'M -TITOS. 'I"tw York American Press Asso-t&ufag o -Lord & Thomas.' PiSadelnhia K. V?. Ayers & Son..Atlanta--ICassengale Adv. AgencyJiatinriati-Blftine-Tliorripson Co-Ltiisrille Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktrptr&O cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andtfnilar matter, 10 cents per line.'Special rates for large advertisementd and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.-Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied byrthe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation-which may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGS'The fellow who playsA saxophoneBy air means ought toLive alone.You can and you can't. You will-and you won't. You'll be darned ifyou do. You will be darned if youdon't. Take is as you like it.Either way the end is the same. Thisapplies very particularly to the autospeeding passion that prevadesParis autoists at present.The discovery that dogs may be"vaccinated against rabies simplifiesprocedure. The plan has been to leti:he dog have the rabies and then letthe human victim have twenty-four" "shots" after shooting the dog thatihad rabies and bit the man.Luke Brierly, near Maysville,Deserves a laurel wreath;At sixty he is cuttingHis third fine set of teeth.Now, while the old man's kidding,"We wonder if, my lands!He will not soon be sprouting- A brand-new set of glands!The Japanese take their shoes off"Tvhen they get into a theatre. TheAmerican pay tip-top prices fortheatre tickets and .demand thateverything that is to be taken off'be taken off by the girls who are'hired by the producer with that understanding. C"Mary had a little curl"""It hung beside her ear"But when she went to' bed ' ,It hung upon her chiffonier."Give us cars and we'll give you-coal," say the vKentucky operators,rand to this they add: "Prices ofcoal, as of all other necessities, willMe governed by the laws coveringsupply and demand." Which is totsay that when coal is plentiful invthe market the price is low andwhen scarce in the markets theiprice is high."The strange case of a Chicagoanary who was presented with amate and straightway killed her isv -reported. But what would you do ifyou lived in a cage and couldn't escape, and if a wife not of your ownchoosing were presented to you, andif there were no means of getting adivorce for incompatibility, and ifIhere were no law making murder:a capital offense?m 9TWhen I see some kids acting fresh,By the byeyTm very glad that I'm justA. middle-aged guy.A Louisville paper is printing--short installments of the Bible as avspecial attraction. The editor saysthey are the most popular things"-that the paper prints, and that thesubscribers read the installments aseagerly as they would read chaptersof a popular novel. The moral is:Read the International Sundayy Sunday school lessons in THEUtfEWS each Eriday.lA. back-to-nature costume has become very popular in California.But what we want to say is whatde they call some of the styles theyare wearing on the streets of Paris?A Cincinnati paper advertises ahunting and fishing editor as well as. a. yachting editor. To the unitiatedKB'tTtleVwiinnicate that fiTfour-JI ' -n riflPS 5? r& ft-" 07"nalism 'the less work you do themore you're appreciated by the employer.The Youngstown, O., Telegramevidently got its fish market reportsand the reports of Jack Pickford'swedding mixed up, as "part of theitem regarding Marilynn's marriageread as follows:"Marilynn's wedding gown was ofwhite georgette, trimmed with silver princess lace, and she carried agorgeous bouquet of white orchids,sardines and lillies of the valley."Sounds kinder fishy, hey?oIS DIXIE HIGHWAY BAD?There seems to be a lot of kickingabout the condition of the DixieHighway In Kentucky and touristscomplain that the road that .linksthe North and South has been allowed to deteriorate until it is wellnight impassable at some points.No stretch of the Dixie Highway is"being more strongly criticised thanthat within the city limits of Louisville, which has become the subjectof jest on the vaudeville stage.It would seem that Louisville canill afford the advertising that goeswith a vaudeville skit, when referring to the Dixie Highway, a comedian asks his partner how he foundthe road and to get for answer:"Fine until I got to Eighteenthstreet."MAYSVILLE'S KENTON MONUMENT UNFINISHEDThe citizens of Maysville established a new cemetery with an artificial mound in the center designated as the location for a monumentto Simon Kenton, the pioneer andfirst settler of Maysville and ofNorthern Kentucky; they jaised thefunds to pay for the monument,decided upon its plan, and obtainedthe consent of his only survivingson, February 6, 1849, of McCord, ason-in-law, and the Other membersof the family, to the removal of theremains from Ohio to the spot thusproposed. The purpose was subsequently abandoned, for reasons unexplained. In December, 1885, thirty-nineyears after his death, the remains ofSimon Kenton were removed and reinterred, with appropriate ceremonies, at Ookdale Cemetery, Urbana,Ohio.A COMPLIMENT TO THE PRESS.Mr. Kahn, upon reaching homefrom a three months sojourn in Europe, and upon being asked to givehis impressions to the country, declared that the American people arefully informed" of whatever is transpiring in the Old World, and havethe opportunity through the press toget such an intelligent grasp of theeconomic and political situation,that there is very little that a returning traveler can say which willthrow any additional light on theproblems of Europe.The European himself, says Mr.Kahn, is not as well informed aboutthe situation over there as theAmerican who reads carefully hisown newspaper:Mr. Kahn goes on:"Without wishing, in any way, tobelittle the principal papers of Europe, I can say in all honesty, thatone of the impressions which 'invariably result from my journeys toEurope, is the vivid recognition ofthe amazing excellence and comprehensiveness of the news service ofthe leading American papers."This is a high but well deservedcompliment. Lord Northcliffe gained' his great journalistic and publishing triumphs by frankly recognizing the supreiority of Americanmethods and introducing them intoEngland, making the London DailyMail a newspaper for the people,and within reach of all, as his firstgreat experiment.The progress of America in manydirections, and especially in themore universal spread of knowledgeand interest in public affairs 'andworld movements, is due to a considerable extent to the rapid development and greater excellence of thepress in this country over anythingknown in Europe.But only those who have madethe comparrison, as Mr. Kahn hasdone, can realize just how wide isthe gulf which separates the pressof the United States from that ofcontinental Europe, at least.o -GAME PLENTIFULWith the approach of the fallhunting season, sportsmen are beginning to cast longing eyes towardthe fields where the quail "pipetheir lays, and whistle down thewind" and are looking up prospects.Farmers throughout the county report having at various times, seenseveral large flocks of quail in theirfields. The rabbit crop, as usual,will be a large one. In some rpp-tions they are already in evidencein large numbers. Reports fromsurrounding counties indicate thatquail will be be more plentiful thisfall than at any time during thepast ten years, showing the wisdomof protection in the closed season.BOURBON CASES IN COURT OFAPPEALSAt the next term of the Court ofAppeals, which beerins snnn thfollowing cases, which were appealed from Bourbon county, wi?l beheard: Crowe vs. McLear: T.vnn'aguardian, etc., vs. Lyon's executors,.f luuug, etc., ts. ianieis, etc.THE BOURBON , NEWS, " PARIS, KENTUCKY7, JOT1BURG3E,V " SInteresting News Items From Bourbon County's College TownThe Millersburg County HighSchool will open to-day, Sept. 5.Mrs. N. D. Rigdon, of Lexington, is the guest of Dr. J. D. Calhoun and Mrs. Calhoun.Mrs. Richard Huffman has returned from several weeks' visither husband' in Cincinnati.Misses Margaret and EdithWood left Sunday to .resume theirwork in the Maysville vlity Schools.Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Clark andchildren, guests of Mr. and Mrs. E.Pogue, have returned to their homein Vanceburg.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Vaught,guests of Mr. and Mrs. T. D. 'Judy,have returned to their home in Indianapolis, Ind.Misses -Ethel and Gladys Toadvine entertained a party of friendsSaturday night at their home on theRedmon pike.The Aid Society of the Christian church will meet Wednesdayafternoon at the home of the president, Mrs. M. Grimes.Mrs. S. C. Carpenter and son,Roger Womack, united by letterwith the Christian church at themorning service Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt andMrs. W. D. Welburn motored toHarrodsburg Sunday to attend theConference in session there.Miss Lillie Boulden and brother, Mr. George K. Redmon, of theLafayette Hotel, Lexington, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. D. E. Clarke.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Feebackand family, of near Hooktown, willmove this week to the residence ofMr. S. H. Endicott, in Butler Addition. Misses Scott, Colville, Fisherand Norvall, of Carlisle, Miss Spalding, of Carrolton, guests of Miss Elizabeth Brown, have returned totheir homes.Mrs. Lucy Squires, of Paris,who will be in charge of the boarding department of the High School,has Tjeen the guest of Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Stewart.ir. and Mrs. S. H. Creighton,who have been guests of Mr. andMrs. T. D. Judy for several weeks,left Monday for their home in Indianapolis, Ind.Miss Nannie Clarke has returned from several days' stay at Grayson Springs, and will retain her position as teacher of the first gradein the Millersburg High School.Mr. and Mrs. Royce Allen andJames Allen, of Winchester, wereguests Saturday of Mr. G. S. Allenand sisters Mrs. F. A. Cook and Mrs.Jane Neal. Miss Nancy Allen, guestof Mr. Allen, returned home withthem.Mr. Kirby, cashier of the Farmers Bank, left Saturday for his homein Bowling Green, to spend severaldays. He has rented the home ofCol. C. M. Best, recently purchasedby Mr. Gordon Asbury, of Maysville,will move his family here.Mr. and Mrs. Letton Vimont. attended the burial of Mr. Joe Mayse.in Carlisle, Saturday morning.- Mr.Mayse was well known to the oldercitizens of this community as thestage driver before the railroad wascompleted in this part of the State.Miss Elizabeth Calhoun, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. J. D. Calhoun,entertained a number of her littlefriends with a picnic Friday afternoon, at the country home of hergrandmother, Mrs. P. L. Dimmett,near Millersburg. About fortyguests enjoyed the afternoon. A delicious lunch was served.The following officers of theShawhan Chapter No. 15, of theEastern Star, were elected at theAugust meeting in Millersburg:Mrs." Earl Plummer, Worthy Matron; Mrs. R. C. Bonar, Worthy Patron; Mrs. James Burroughs, Associate Matron; Miss Lida Butler, Conductress; Mfs. T. W. Current, Secretary; Mrs. M. E. Pruitt, Treasurer; Mrs. Joe Farris, Adah; Florence Mason, Ruth; Mrs. A. B. Plummer, Esther; Mrs. Tom Brown, Martha; Mrs. S. C. Carpenter, Electa;Mrs. W. R. Nelson, Organist; M. E.Pruitt, Chaplain; T. W. Current,Marshal.0PARIS BELIEVES IN PLAY ASWELL AS WORKParis- believes in play. We realizethe virtue of recreation and exercise.We believe in public gatherings,with people getting together for relaxation and the joy of comradeship.We encourage our youngsters toplay. We boost for every kind ofsport. We want our base ball team,our foot ball team, and all our otherathletic organizations to be a part ofour civic life; to play the game onthe square for the love of the play,and the honor of the sport ratherthan for any prize of victory. Ourpeople keep young by associationwith the children. We have foundthat to be one of the real recipesfor contentment and long life.0ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abif stock of paper rolls. These rolls14 made of the best bond paper andart absolutely free from lint Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushare a trial' order.(31-tt) THE BOURBON NEWS.; -o-: ' 'A lot of -'em seem' to strike whilefck temper'i hot. ,KUilONjfclEK" ATrTJOfSTATE) t i &mm m M. ft. fVt r-FAOLLouisville will be a city -of reunions during State Fair week, September 11 to 16, according to planswhich have been announced by theYoung Business Men's League,which has made plans to help thosewho have separated to - ''get together." The week has been designated as"Home jpnjing janfl .Reunion' Week"by the members of "theleague, whichplans' to hold reunions of all Tcinds.Among the. most interesting of thereunions to Kentuckians are to bethose offormer State Administrations and Legislatures. These "areto be held September , 14, "Governor's Day,"The administrations of GovernorEdwin P Morrow, Governor Stanley,'Governor McCreary, Governor Wilson, Governor Beckham and of Governor Bradley are to be represented!Whenjthe Chief Executive of the administration' is living he has beennamed chairman of the reunion of.officials, as have the lining Lieutenant Governors and Speakers of theHouse of Representatives, of the reunions of their houses. A. J. Carroll has been named chairman forthose of administrations prior to1896. Ranking members of theLegislature and of the various administrations have been selected incases where the Governor, Lieutenant Governors and Speakers aredead.Military reunions of units whichhave represented Kentucky in theMexican War, the Civil War, theSpanish-American and the WorldWars, are also to be held, andbooths at the State Fair groundsare to beN maintained for each warand each distinctly Kentucky unit.Reunions of families and of colleges are included in the plans ofthe leagus as well as the designationof various days as "section reuniondays," one for Southern, one forWestern, one for Central and another for Eastern Kentucky.oLOCATE CHIDLThrough efforts of PatrolmanRobert E. Lusk, Mr. and Mrs. F. T.Smith, of Paris, have succeeded inlocating their sixteen-year-old son,Leslie McClure Smith, who left hishome several weeks ago to join acircus.The circus was located at Pennsboro, West Virginia, PatrolmanLusk got in communication with thePennsboro Chief of Police, who after making an investigation foundyoung Smith. The boy was anxiousto return home, saying circus lifewasn't what it was cracked up to be,and that he had had as much of itas he wanted.Money for young Smith's transportation to Paris was forwarded tothe Pennsboro authorities, and theboy returned home Saturday sadderbut wiser, and content to stay -in"the old home town."SAPIR0 TO PUSH LEGALACTIONSAaron Sapiro, general counsel ofthe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association, will be personally in charge of the association'scase against Garrett Watts, Fayettecounty farmer, when it cmoes up inthe Bourbon Circuit Court at thefall term, according to informationgiven out at the association's offices.Mr. Sapiro, who has been on a tourof the dark tobacco district of Kentucky and Tennessee, is in Lexington. Mr. Sapiro said that the CaliforniaBean Growers' Association, another"of the. Sapiro organizations, has wona judgment for $21,000 against theBindge- Land Company, a big beahgrowmg corporation of California,for damages and counsel fees in asimilar case, the company havingbroken its contract to deliver itsproduct to the association."I consider it of vital importance," said Mr. Sapiro, "that thefew men who have violated theircontract to deliver their tobacco benot allowed to get away with it. Ifthey will not voluntarily keep theircontracts, there is a law in Kentucky, which compels them to doso."YOU GOTTA ADVERTISENo matter what your product is,how useful it may be,Your sales will not amount to muchif it's unknown to me.The Buying Public is my namearid I can't realizeThe merits of the things you makeunless you advertise !Modesty's a virtue, but in businessnot at all.Humanity like foolish pride isbound to cause a fall.Honesty in industry and lots ofenterprise,Are finest business virtues butyou'll have to advertise!The very best of qualitya price that can't be beatAnd still your cleverest salesmenare flirting with defeat.If you don't use publicityto put the public wiseYou're going to be sorry thatyou didn't advertise!They say there are no old ruinsin this country; 'Page ChahuceyDepew and 'Williams5 JenningsBryan! ' ,PINEyjrmi HAVE STATE.CTSg HATCHERYWith the completion of the newfish hatchery at Glasgow, Barrencounty, which is now being put intoshape for hatching fish next spring,the Kentucky game and fish commission will undertake the Construction of the third State hatchery atPinexilje, inJBell, county.This plan was announced by Dr.R. S. Tuttle, executive agent pf thegame and. fish commission, from"Glasgow, where he has been super-.ntendinthe construction of, thenew hatchery. The first hatchery;is located, at Forks of Elkhorn,.Franklin, county.Since the first of the year thecommission has, distributed approxi-1mately9 6,000 fish and before theclose of the season it expects toplace at least 100,000 more in thestreams and ponds of Kentucky.Dr. Tuttle and Mr. Meredith, accompanied by Mrs. Tuttle and Mrs.Meredith, have gone to Madison,Wis., to attend the international Association of Game and Fish and Conservation Commissioners and themeeting of the American FisheriesSociety.LOSTA ladies' brown hat in box, marked "Mrs. Tevis Wilkerson." Lostsomewhere on Winchester pike, nearParis. Finder notify Mrs. JulianFrank. l-2t)DO YOUR TAIJUNGOVER THE--HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RE&ULT3QUICK ECONOMICALLouisville & Nashville RailroadANNOUNCES REDUCED ROUND TRIPEXCURSION FAREPARIS TOLOUISVILLEACCOUNTKentucky State FairTickets on sale Sept. 10 to 15, inclusive, and for trainsscheduled to arrive in Louisville before noon Sepfc 16th.Tickets good for return to reach Paris before midnightSept. 18th. For further particulars or information, applyto local ticket agent.White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesvJ "" - Cars Washed(tf)GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERistipctive ServiceiROTH TELEPHONESDay x Night137 K99MIIIMMHIIIMIMMIIIMHIMIMMIIIIIMIMMMIMMIIieHJIHnMHHHMMIImiimMMHMf-!We HandleI ElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W.MAIN STREETiimmnimimiiiiiiiiiiiiiinimiininnmuM" TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1,1921Th HJnhappy Small FM.Safuines have dlsappearad frooi tkSpanish coast. That's the way of tbtsmaU, fish they always have to claaxout for the larger.Administrator's NoticeAll persons having claims against'the estate of Edward Mitchell, deceased,, are hereby .notified fowPresentsame, properly proven as' requiredDy law, to tne unaersigneu Administrator, at Millersburg, for adjustment and payment.All .persons" knowing .themselvesindebted In any .way to the'esfate ofthesaid Edward Mitchell, are hereby notified to call oh the undersigned administrator and make full:and prompt setflemenf "of such in-aeDteaness.RUSSELL MITCHELL,Administrator of Edward Mitchell.Caug2r9-3wks)p o '- i i -au..) 1 1 . i ' . j 1 75H !-TABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. el5:00 p. a6:00 p. m!7: p. m.""3:10 p. m.11:55 p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book,J 12.00. Tickets, single trip, or Inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINA1 CO.(dec6-tf)All Kinds ofNovelties 1NSPJCEROPP. COURT HOUSE IINTERURBAN TIME:rfc r ?aL- (xr.Vt 1 V-Ks ,Jfty, , vJV.ir TUESDAY, SggTEMgEg fr,aLODGE NOTESRathbone Lodge, A. J. Lovely Co.,No. 34, Uniform Rank, and thePythian Sisters, Knights of Pythias,will make their annual visit to thePythian Orphans Home, at Lexington, on Sunday, September 15, tospend the day with the children. Allmembers and friends of the orderare invited to make the trip andspend a most enjoyable day. An appropriate program has been arrang-ed for the outing.At the recent meeting of ShawhanChapter, No. 15 Order of EasternStar, of Millersburg, the followingofficers, to serve for the ensuingterm, were elected:Mrs. Earl.Plummer, "Worthy Matron; R- C. Bonar, Worthy Patron;Mrs. James Burroughs, AssociateMatron; Miss Lida Butler, Conductress; Mrs. Earl Peterson, AssociateConductress; Mrs. Thomas W. Current, Secretary; Mrs. M. E. Pruitt,Plummer, Esther; ,M.rs. Tom Brown,Treasurer; Mrs. Joseph Farris, Ada;Plummer, Esther; Mrs. Tow Brown,Miss Flora Mason, Ruth; Mrs. A. B.Martha; Mrs. Sanford C. Carpenter,Electra; Mrs. Walton Nelson, Organist; M. E. Pruitt, Chaplain; T.W.Current, Marshal; Miss Fannie Burroughs, Warder; John Hill, Sentinel.- oPARIS WOMAN INJUREDL Miss Mary E. Forman,. sperintenderit Qi nurses at tllS Llassie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, is a patientin the Louisville City .Hospital, asthe result of an accident, in whichshe was injured.Miss Forman, accompanied by"Miss Nannie Bryant, a nurse, wasmotoring to Louisville, to spend hervacation. At a point near Frankfort she lost control of the car,which skidded to the side of theroad and overturned, pinning bothoccupants beneath it.Passersby extricated the two women from the overturned car andtook them to the Louisville CityHospital, where Miss Forman hadbeen a nurse for several years. Anexamination showed, that Miss Forman had sustained a fracture of thecollar bone and several severebruises. Miss Bryant escaped withjury, but suffered from nervousshock.ALVEBSON'S HARLAN VENTUREA BOOMERANG(Stanford Interior-Journal). When Jesse M. Alverson wasworking in this office he enjoyedtelling about Joe Bosworth leavingLexington a Democrat and arrivingat Middlesboro, which was to be hishome, a red-hot Republican. 'Kinder changing his politics to suit theoccasion,' he would say. Now Jessehas gone and done the identicalthing. Here and in Bourbon countyhe was a rip-snorting Democrat;now that he has located in Harlancounty, where all is Republican, hejoins the crowd. His apology for sodoing is wTorse, almost, than the offense. We thought better of him.Peace to his ashes.SWALLOWED SAFETY PIN(Mt. Olivet Democrat)The little son of Mr. and Mrs.Will Overby, of Paris, swallowed asafety pin one day last week, whichlodged in the throat, but finallyworked its way into the stomach andwas removed without causing anyserious results. The little fellowwas here with his parents, attendingthe camp meeting, and was as happyas a lark.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan bo cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only oncebut in almost every case by nature'srreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Bathg at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) . Milan, Ind.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciatedTMIL & STONE!PERSONALSArchitect F. G. Hagan is able tobe out after an illness of severaldays.Miss Virginia Morrison is visiting relatives in Birmingham, Alabama. Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Arnold, ofNewport, are guests of Paris friendsand relatives.Miss Iva McCarney has returned from a visit to Mrs. Sarah Hall,in Versailles.Mrs. J. T. Tadlock gave a picnic party to her Sunday school classFriday afternoon and evening.Miss Emma Waits, of Cynthiana, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Vertner Asbury, and Mr. Asbury, inthis city.Miss Sarah Elizabeth Baileyhas returned to her home in Shelby-ville, after a visit to Miss IreneBramblette.J. R. Stevens has returned tohis home in Orangeburg:, after avisit to R. W. Breeze and family,in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Buchananand children, of Dayton, Ohio, "areguests of Bunt Buchanan and family, near Paris.Hugh Ellis has returned to hishome in Shelbyville, after a visit tohis uncle, Rev. W. E. Ellis, and Mrs.Ellis, in this city.Mrs. Richard Montjoy has returned to her home in Mt -Sterling,after a visit to Miss Lucy Simhis, alher home on Mt. Airy.Mrs. W. O. Sadler and .ohildrenhave returned to their home in Danville after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Grant Galloway, near Paris.Misses Eva and Jessie Spencerspent the week-end as guests ofof their sister, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery,and Mr. Ardery, near Paris.Miss Allene Sauer has returnedfrom an Eastern trip, includingNew York, 'Philadelphia, AtlanticCity, Washington and Canada.Mr. and Mrs. Homer Shy, ofParis, and Mrs. Ed. Brown and son,George, of Cynthiana, has returnedfrom a trip to Mammoth Cave.Mrs. John F. Leslie, of Huntington, West Va., was a guest offriends and relatives in the cityand county several days the pastweek.Mrs. Brutus J. Clay and Mrs.Taylor Chandler have returnedfrom a visit to their brothers,Wherritt and McVey Howard, atRavenna.Miss Harriet Rogers has returned from a visit to Miss JulietPoynter, in Shelbyville. Miss Poynter accompanied her home for ashort visit.Mrs. Thomas Higgins will leaveabout September 10, to join her sister, Mrs. John M. Stuart, as guestsof their parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. E.Moore, in Danville, Illinois.Mrs. W. A. Gaines, who hasbeen a guest of friends in Paris forseveral days, has returned toGeorgetown, and will locate for thewinter at the Lancaster Hotel.Miss Mildred Bachelder, ofStanford, Maine, is a guest of MissIrene Bramblette, her classmate atthe Leland Power School of Expression, in Boston, Mass.,last season.Mrs. Mattie Purnell and daughters, Misses Bessie and Agnes Purnell, Miss " Mary Kenney and Mrs.Robert C. Talbott have returnedfrom an extended stay at Chautauqua, New York.Mr. Edna McMillan's home onStoner avenue has been leased byMisses Maude Asbury, Lucille Harbold, Irene-Evans, Nell Robbins andMary Louise Lillard-, mer&bers ofthe Paris High School faculty.John T. Woodford, of nearParis, attended the dance given byMr. and Mrs. A. C. Bogie, at theirhome near Mt. Sterling, in honor oftheir daughter, Miss ElizabethBogie, and her guest, Miss AgnesClay, of Lexington.Hon. Claude M. Thomas, ofParis, underwent a successful "operation for appendicitis at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington. Hiscondition is reported by his, physician, Dr. J. T. Vansant, ' as beingvery satisfactory.Robert Caywood, of Paris, attended a five hundred party given inRavenna by Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Caywood, in honor of Walter Caywood,of Washington, D. C, and Mrs. C.L. Gullitt, of Savannah, Ga., andMaj. E. D. Burton, of BerkleySpring, Va.Misses Caroline Berry andFrances Boone left Sunday morningfor New York City. Miss Berry hasbeen spending the summer in Pariswith her sister, Mrs. Frank P.Lowry, and returns to New York toresume her studies for the schoolterm. Miss Boone will visit the leading art studios of New York, and onher return trip will stop at Washington, New York and other Eastern cities.The following Invitation hashas been issued:",Mr. Russell Matson Frankrequests the pleasure of yourcompanyWednesday evening, Septemberthe sixtheight-thirty o'clockat the Masonic Temple.Please reply. Dancing'(Other Personals on Page 5)Helpful Tljoufht en Today.What yon mutt do at first throughforce of character you will later bafcieto oo .tnrougn loree or ftawtourud x i a.u rni ly i.THE BOTJBBQN NEWS,COITCERENCE CHANCES , PABjISPASTORATEThe 102d annual Conference ofthe Methodist Episcopal Church,South, which has been in session in Harodsburg the pastweek, came to a close Sunday nightREV. 0. B. CROCKETThe New Pastorwhen announcement was made ofthe changes in pastorates of the various churches. ,.Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor for thepast four years of the Paris church,has been assigned to Covington asPresiding Elder of the Covingtondistrict. Rev. 0. B. Crockett, a for-REV. 0. H. GREERRetiring Pastor vmer pastor of the local church, whohas been in charge of the Shelbyville church for the past term,comes to Paris again for a fouryears stay. Rev. F. B. Jones remains in Paris as Presiding Elderof this district. The assignments ofpastors, for this district, as announced Sunday night, are as follows :MAYSVILLE DISTRICTPresiding Elder F. B. Jones.Augusta J. R. Kendall.Brooksville E. C. Hardin.Carlisle W. S. Maxwell.Flemingsburg P. F. Adams.Germantown J. M. Mathews.Helena H. M. Knight, supply.Hillsboro E. M. ArmitageHerrington and Oxford Z. T.Johnson.Hutchison W. M. Williams.Maysville First Church, J.Savage.Maysville Second Church, CR.H.Rayl.Millersburg Price T. Smith.Morefield L. C. Godbey.Mt. Carmel W. S. Mitchell.Mt. Olivet S. L. Moore.Paris O. B. Crockett.Pine Grove and Mesley To besupplied.Salt Well W. P. Davis.Sard is and Shannon H. L. Howard. Sharpsburg and Bethel C. P. Pillow. Tilton Fred Sartin, supply.Tollesboro J. W. Gilbert.Vanceburg W. F. Wyatt.Washington W. P. Hopkins.Under Millersburg QuarterlyConference.President Millersburg CollegeC. C. Fisher.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, wasunanimously re-elected as the executive secretary for the KentuckyConference Sunday School Board tohave general supervision of all theSunday School work in the conference. There will be over 260schools under his direction. Mr.Snapp refused to accept the positionas business manager of the CentralMethodist, the official organ of theKentucky, Louisville and West Virginia conferences. The PublishingCommission recently elected Dr. T.L. Hulse, Henderson, Ky., as editorof .the Central Methodist, who inturn tendered Mr. Snapp the position as his assistant.Merely an Opinion..A controversy has been raised oveithe question whether "the first hundred years are tbe longest" or "the-first hundred years are the hardest"We hazard the opinion that the firsthundred years are the most plausible. What has become ot the" old-fashionedmam 'who UMiiltQ uie nails forbuttons on his v&nts? 'v PbbbbHl-fj-f aBBBBBm.-jf i9BaBaBaBaaE "i2S9BBaBaBaati f3K9BBaBaBaBaESuImiuj ljyriBaBaBaBaBf-is SBBBBBl ajBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB"$aKBa''aBBaVBaBaBaKLri 4 MrialHaBaBaBaaBfr3b ' kA .BaaviJBjH -Va -"'"' ..jBaaBBV-jJBBaV 1i;:o ' JBaBaBaat.-iSBBBBBBl'ii ":' -' BBBBBBBBBBBBW.BBBBBBBBBBv'' 2.at -'' BaBBBBBBBBBBBwBaBaBar JUL '"'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawPARIS, KENTUCKTSENTENCED, TO ATTEND CHURCHEVERT SUNDAYSamuel Newkirk, 14, was paroledby Judge R. S. Scobee, at Winchester. Newkirk was chareed withforging a check on T. F. VanMeterfor $10.50, and cashed it at Henry'sCash Store. When brought beforeJudge Scobee the youth protestedhis innocence. Youner NewVirt WQQparoled V Judge Scobee on condition that he attend Sunday Schooland church every Sunday and reporton Monday to the Judge with proofthat he had attended.If this speed mania keeps on,they will have to patrol the highways with hearses.-o-?STONEKmmmimLmlbbB Xvr laH3Br,l!BEimi&''' -? .i L :- fc- bbbbbbbbbbbbWI dBsBEBBBBBBBSSBBnv imf rlBlBl fSSyhiSfciPyjMBjf-gXlf JiSRiOSflBBBBBBBStone Burial Vaults are Nature's own' material. No rust, no decayEndure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERY CO. Paris, KentuckyTHE LOANUNLESS AND$66.46 per year onNO .COMMISSIONS ?j. AR(Ask tPM leaQDapoaitl lank; &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Dasit I Bank;North MkMIatown.Change ofYour plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home TelephoneIncorporatedJ r. Cr7-r,wfYOUR HEALTHand CHIROPRACTICThis has been called "The Tragedy of Progress." Abusiness man or a business woman in this Twentieth centurymust do one of these two things, i. e., "Make Good" or "MakeRoom" for someone else. .There is no happy medium.To make good in your business ventures, in the serviceyou render your employer, in your home life, and among yourneighbors YOU MUST BE HEALTHY.To be Healthy, you MUST POSSESS A NORMAL SPINE.VAll medical men who are liberal minded and not prejudiced, all scientists and, above all, all people possessing commonsense now admit that the spine is the keystone of the humanbody; that if it is out of alignment .(in other words out ofline), there is bound to be a pinching of the nerves which willprevent the vital force from flowing uninterruptedly to the various organs. The, result is so-called disease of those Organswhich are not receiving their proper quota of lif e force.The competent chiropractic is a spine specialist. He palpates the spine carefully and ascertains exactly where thevertebrae (small bones) are out of line (sublaxated). -Usinghis bare hands alone he by means of Chiropractic VertebralAdjustments, puts these vertebrae back in line. The nervepressure is thus relieved,, the life force flows freely to the or-'gans involved and HEALTH IS THE RESULT.If You are ailing in any way and wish further information regarding the Modern Method of Doctoring, andhow it is applicable to your case, consult your home Chriropractor. DR. S. P. MOHNEYOffice in Masonic Temple BuildingBURIAL VAULTSTHAT NEVER' COMES DUEUNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY ITeach $1,188 of loan'pays both principal ad"itrest-- ij i. '.. '. iii-Mcwrity Tract mg.KentockyJointStockLtnclBukPAGE TUSKSllTl llllini I li i I ill I HT TTT7T TiMMillimiMfcthe Season!& Telegraph Co.r-fnt7:t 'wMHifccrv&sB?"t.Wixz.NO RENEWALSbbbbbbbBhHbVb1HBai Bsp -, aio r yN I F---'- -'-J ' M . HUMi ajt ma -3-!S&Jk1'Wrri"ifE;VBJjjJf.i 4.4.Y' ?h: a..,v -ivv ts ': :f . zK' -A-jr' t r.-atT"5$t" h, ' , $&33...Ast .J i3"l tMAKl. v ,VJ, fJr- k" 1r- wTT-UpkfllS; KENTUCKYfAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1S22jtfINREUGIOUSA Sftsnme of Events In BeligiousCircles For iTesent andFutureThe regular monthly meetingof the Woman's Missionary Societyof the Methodist church will be heldin the church parlors this afternoonat 2:30 o'clock. Mrs. Earl Shankland will lead the meeting in a social service program.Dr. J. J. Rice, who recently accepted the pastorate of the DanvillePresbyterian church, preached hisinitial sermon there Sunday morning. The other churches of Danvilleunited with Presbyterian church atthe evening service in a cordial welcome to Dr. Rice. Short addressesof welcome were made at this service by pastors of the variouschurches.The State Convention of theChristian churches of Kentucky willbe held in Paris, September 25 to 29.The meeting will be featured by aspecial service to be held on September 29, at the historic old CaneRidge church, near Paris. Addresses will be made by noted ministers of the denomination, and abasket dinner willbe spread on thegrounds, which have resounded tothe eloquence of Barton W. Stone,Alexander W. Campbell, and othernoted divines in the early history ofthe church.The congregation of the Carlisle Christian church is making extensive plans for a centennial celebration to be held beginning October 5 and continuing throughoutthe remainder of the week. Thecentennial will mark the one hundredth anniversary of the foundingof the church in Carlisle. An elaborate program is being arranged forthe centennial and all of the preachers who have served the church inyears gone by, who are now living,have been extended an invitation tobe present. Several of them haveaccepted the invitation.At the morning service at theParis Baptist church Sunday, thepastor, Rev. Arthur Fox, read hisresignation as pastor of the congre-tgation to take effect on September15. Rev. Fox has accepted a callto the pastorate of the Baptistchurch, at Mayfield. The congregation of the Paris church, by a practically unanimous vote, asked Rev.Fox to reconsider his action, and remain in charge here, but he statedthat his decision had been made,and that his action was final, muchas he regretted to leave Paris, butthat his new charge would affordhim a larger field of endeavor. Theresignation was accepted with regret. Rev. Fox's successor will beselected some time in the near future. oWELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80f (tf)NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS.THE TIME LIMIT. IS GROWINGSHORT. CALL AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IN THECOURT HOUSE, AND LIST YOURTAXES.BEN WOODFORD,TAX COMMISSIONER.THOMAS. MEIGHAN, IN "THElBACHELOR DADDY""THE BANK OF SERVICE"BANK ITThat dollar in your hand may be thefather of your fortune and its children may be working for you whenyou have to stop.The easy spender may be a 'goodfellow,' ' but he is a foolish man andeverybody knows it.Somehow we all respect the manwho has "money in the bank."Your pass book is ready.- orBourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00Between scenes for his latestParamount picture, "The BachelorDaddy," Thomas Meighan diligentlyread Holt on the care of children.In this new picture, which comes tothe Alamo and the Paris Grand,Thursday afternoon and night, he isthe custodian of five lively youngsters, and between registering forthe camera and keeping the kids ingOOu iuS12rf the genial star had hisfiandslull. 5' ?R9Tm-'-,By the time the picture Was finished, Mr. Meighan had compiled abunch of rules for the care of children.LOSTLost or misplaced, a gold Waltham movement watch, with chainof small links attached. Finder willreceived reward by leaving at thisoffice. (It)THE FAIRi TOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAYAT AUCTIONWednesday, Sept. 13, at 2 P. M.CITY PROPERTYOn the above date we will offer for sale the modern frame bungalow, located on Sixteenth street, belonging to Mr. George T. Wagoner.The house consists of 7 rooms and bath; has gas and electric lights; agood concrete cellar, an extra good furnace in the cellar, and a splendid garage in the rear.This property is in first-class condition. It is within a very shortdistance of the car line.Terms easy and made known day of sale.For information, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents.For G. T. WAGONER, owner.(5-8-12)Hundreds of thrifty Paris andBourbon county folks have discovered that for every day moriey savings, The Fair offers more andgreater savings than any othershopping place in Paris.These prices here are extremelylow and we are making some newrecord breaking bargains on othergoods throughout the store for themonth of September.1-gallon Stone Jars, 19c each; allsizes Fern Pots and Flower Pots atreduced prices; Sewing Baskets, allsizes from 35c up to $1.50; purewhite Cups, Saucers . and Plates tomatch, no nicks, no chips, 18 pieces,all for $1.50; Dish Mops, excellentquality, each 5c; big bargains inLinoleum remnants, running from 1to 5 yards pieces, in a variety ofpatterns to select from, also a bigassortment of Store Mats and Rugs,in all sizes; School Bags, 75c quality at 19c; Milk Bottle Caps, 500in a package, 23c, 2 packages 45c;Slop Jars, 12-qt. size, first quality,in blue and white, each $1.49;Crepe Paper Napkins, fine quality,bleached pure white, 12c per hundred, 1,000 in a package, for 95c;Hotel Cups and Saucers, decorated,extra heavy, set of six $1.10; FruitJar Fillers 5c; Skirt and PantsHangers, (felt lined) each 10c;Alarm Clock, run 36 hours onewinding, 89c each; Slates, Pencils,Tablets, Lunch Boxes and SchoolSupplies.THE FAIRAdministrators' SaleOP2 Bourbon County Farms 2WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20thAT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.For the purpose of settling the estate of the late Mrs. H. Rebecca Dudley and Mrs. N. D. McClintockive, as agents for the undersigned, will offer at auction on the premises the following tracts of land:No. 1 Is a tract of 232 acres, situated on the Bethlehem turnpike, 8 miles from Paris, and 8 milesfrom Lexington, adjoining the property of Jonas Weil on the east and north and the land of the McClin-tock heirs on the west. It is near Hutchison Station, and within 3 miles of the Lexington and Interurbanline, and in one of the best sections of the Bluegrass.Improvements on said tract consists of a large brick residence, barns, and other outbuildings, 154acres are in bluegrass, the balance is in a high state of cultivation. 'No. 2 Is a tract of 160 acres lying west of the above described tract, near the intersection of theBethlehem & Antioch turnpikes. Improvements on same are a four-room cottage, barn and other necessaryoutbuildings. 130 acres of this tract are in bluegrass, the balance in a high state of cultivation.. On each of these farms "is agood 'spring, which in dry weather furnishes an abundant supply of waterfor man and beast. ?.J Nfe .'For other information, apply to. HABEIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, Agents. ., Home Phone 394, Cumb Phone 450.JOUl! N. DAUGJORTY AND 0B., BEDFORD; ; AxtaSnlitratwi ltri.X.i McClintock. & vvSltJK"Better Citizens"are the products of thePEOPLES BUILDING &ASSOCIATIONLOANIncorporatedCapital $750,000We make them by assisting them to own their own homes.By teaching them the fundamentals of thrift.Our record is an enviable one. Our growth has beenhealthy and rapid.Our unexceiied system-and -courteous service to all hasproduced only SATISFIED CUSTOMERS.irJOIN NOW ! ! ! Why not discharge the greatest of allobligations to yourself that of becoming a better citizen?IT WILL MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER.OFFICERSG. W. WILDER PresidentF. P. CAMPBELL Vice Pres.GEO. L. DOYLE TreasurerF. W. GALLOWAY SecretaryD. D. CLINE AttorneyDIRECTORSG. W. Wilder E. H. GoreyF. P. Kiser Geo. R. DavisD. D. Cline F. P. CampbellB. J. Santen M. Peale CollierOFFICE-PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUST CO.Office Hours.- 9 A. M. to 3 P. M. Daily and from 7 P. M. to9 P. M. SaturdayFor Everything Boys Wear, Come toWALSH'S66The Boys' Store"UTTIF you know Walsh's Store at all. you know it isJ famous for its wide selections of good things forboys wear. For Fall we have struck the kevnotein Boys' Clothes for Fall by giving the best values inParis for the money. We are willing to sell on a closermargin of profit by doing volume and we know we will dothis with the values we are showing.Our Boys' Clothes are tailored and fashioned by dependable makers, assuring you of all-around satisfaction.Most of the suits this season come with two pairs pants,full-lined, making the suit one of- longer service. Stylesmnd fabrics in newest color tones and fabrics are to befound in plenty.You'll know our values are the best in town when yousee them.., t-, 4,.13$6.50 to $20.00Everything in Boys' Furnishings"N -R. P. WALSH7th and Mainifcv4 4."'i. jPi, Seimmrn, '.Iff? &Paris, Ky.w . - nHiHorrid Phnnr.. rV'Cf. J- mdmmmMm. SIWW aa.. -ih sm?t$ (felnMf-y t "j- t-iA..f-J?Ki"-1c.- H. v:yv&'&Si-"YLlJ-Jh" I V. rf"..TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, ? PAJHS. w KENTUCKY4PAGE FITl -fo"GIFTS THAT LAST"WATERMELONSHome-grown Watermelons on ice.Fine ripe melons. Phoneus yourorder.C. P. COOK & CO.HKE DESTROYS KITCHENFire of unknown origin Sunday if"night gutted the kitchen in the rear ( turned to her home in Lexington, afof the restaurant on Eighth street, ter a visit to relatives and friendsconducted by Will Green, colored, j in this city.The fire did damage estimated atj Mrs. Clyde Keller left thisabout $250, with no insurance. The morning to join Mr. Keller at Ashnrnnertv belonged to the Mebane es-J land, where he has a position withtate.ANNOUNCEMENTTo The Ladies of Paris and Bour-;bon County: The Lucy ArnoldShop, of Cincinnati, will have a display at the Windsor Hotel this,Tuesday afternoon, and all dayWednesday.Miss Louise Blynn, their designer,will be in charge. The display consists chiefly of dresses for small women and infants. You are invitedto call.NO GUN CLUB SHOOT WEDNESOwing to the shooters participating in the Blue Grass Championshipshoot at the Hilltop Gun Clubgrounds yesterday and the openingof the dove-shooting season, whjchgives excellent practice to theshooters, the regular meeting of the'Bourbon Gun Club, will not be heldWednesday. It was thought best topostpone the regular meeting untilanother date on account of themany side attractions for the week.Secretary Rudolph Davis asks allmembers to take notice and governthemselves accordingly.-oTENNIS TOURNAMENT CLOSESThe five-days' tennis tournamentfor Bourbon county net artists,given under auspices of the ParisCommunity Service came to a closeat noon Saturday when Miss HarrietRogers defeated Miss ElizabethCrutcher in the ladies singles byscores of 6-4 and 7-5. Miss Rogersreceived a silver loving cup as hertrophy. Miss Grace Cruickshanks,supervisor of playgrounds, acted inthe capacity of referee. The men'ssingles was won Friday afternoonhy Edward Nippert, of the Mammoth baseball team, who defeated C.Colliver Dawes, of the First National Bank, by scores of 6-2, 6-1 and6-2. Many who witnessed thisgame considered it the best game ofsingles seen in Central Kentucky.oICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.oSTILL SHOOTER AT US!Editor Warren Fisher, of the Carlisle Mercury, possesses a tenderspot (somewhere) evidenced bythe steady stream of pot shots hetakes at the condition of Parisstreets. In the last , issue of TheMercury is the following:"Whatever slurs irritable motorists may cast upon the fair name ofour neighbor, Paris, it must be admitted that the" old town occupies astratesic position. Approachingher from any direction, one must negotiate shell-holes and craters, whenthe city limits are reached. Perhaps they feel over there, that oncein, it is better to stay in rather than undertake the perilsof crossing 'No Man's Land' again.The good people of Bourbon countyhave long been noted for their hospitality." TEE 2LAN THAT MAKES SAVINGEASY 'Any one can become a member ofthis Association at any time by paying the initiation fee of $1.00 pershare.To take one share of stock, whichrepresents $100, the cost is as follows: Initiation fee $1.00, and firstweeks dues 25 cents, in all, $1.25,and 25 cents per week thereafter.Any number of shares between 1and 100 would cost in the same proportion. Dues may be paid monthly,or as far in advance as the memberdesires.. Mortgage loans are made at therate of $100 for each share .of stockand the rate of interest charged is6 payable at the rate of 12cents per week for each $100 for 48weeks per year.Shares may be cancelled and thepayments, together with all earningscredited, be withdrawn at any timeif the member so desires.PEOPLES BUILDING AND LOANASSOCIATION, Inc.G. W. WILDER, President,F. W. GALLOWAY, Secretary.Ofice: Peoples Jteposit BankTrust Compamy. " "'PERSONALSComings and Goings of SomeKnow and Otheri YonDont.YonMiss Belle Horton has returnedfrom an extended stay at Charle-.voiux, Michigan.Elmer Chestnut and OscarBrown, of London, Ky., were guestsof friends in this city from Saturdayto Sunday.miss Mary McCarthy has re-v"c XV Iaiauau'mrs. jii. j. L,ee nas returnedfrom Corbin, where she went to attend the funeral and burial of Chas.w. Givens. Mrs. Givens has been a Jfrequent visitor at the home of Mrs.Lee and family, in this city.Mrs. G. F. Reynolds, daughter,Miss Ruth, and granddaughter, Cecil Virginia, are guests at the homeof the former's sister, Mrs. B. C.Mullins, on Nineteenth street.Misses Margaret and MaryKatherine Doyle have returned totheir home in Paris after spendingseveral days as guests of MissesHelen and Dorothy Saunier, in Lexington. 3sir jfe,--ff&iB:ii:faii-Misses Mary and MargaretDoyle and Jane McKenna, of Paris,attended the dance given by theKnights of Columbps, of Frankfort,on board the "Summer Girl," on theKentucky River.Dr. and Mrs. James A. Orr willgive a dinner Thursday evening attheir home on Stoner avenue, inthis city, for Mr. and Mrs. JamesWilliam Waller, and Mr. TheodoreT. Artaud, of Washington, D. C.Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Smith, ofChicago, were callers Saturday atTHE NEWS office. Mrs. Smith wasformerly Miss Alice Gibson, ofParis. Mr. Smith is engaged in thecommission business in Chicago.Mrs. Frank Bullock and Mrs.Minor Simpson, of Lexington, haveinvited the Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. R., of Paris, to be theirguests Friday to inspect the mostinteresting collection of Henry Clayrelics and souvenirs.Mrs. William A. Clarke, ofCincinnati, gave a luncheon yesterday at Shakertown Inn for Mr. andMrs. James William Waller, and Mr.Theodore T. Artaud, of Washington,D. C, who are much-feted guests ofMr. and Mrs. Jos. M. Hall this week.Mrs. James L. Dodge entertained Thursday afternoon in honor ofMrs. W. L. Yerkes, of Pasadena,Cali. Mrs. Yerkes was a member ofthe Six-hand Euchre Club when shelived in Paris, so this was a delightful reunion of the membeis o, theclub.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Dyche, ofLondon, Ky., motored to Paris andspent from Saturday to Monday asguests at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Walter Martin and Judge and Mrs.Ernest .Martin. Mr. Dyche is editorand publisher of the London Sentinel, one of the best papers in theState.Mr. and Mrs. James G. Metcalfeand Miss Elizabeth Steele, of Paris,attended the dance given by Mr.and Mrs. Richard C. Stoll, of Lexington, Friday night, at the countryhome of Mrs. Stoll's mother, Mrs.John M. Markey, on the Versaillespike. During the intermission adainty ice course was served, theices being moulded in fruits andflowers.Miss Elsie Morrison entertained Saturday afternoon with a picture show party. After the show theparty went to Mrs. Clyde Keller'shome, on High street, and were served delightful refreshments. MissMorrison's guests were Misses MarySpears, Louise Dailey, Nancy KeithSnyder (Louisville), Anne JouettDavis (Louisville), Julia Lavin, Rebecca Colliver, Nell Winn Hinton,Hillary Davis and Susan Howard.Coleman Renick, of Paris, wholast week received the degree ofDoctor of Philosophy at the University of Chicago, has accepted a position as instructor of geology in theUniversity of Iowa, at Iowa City,and will assume his duties aboutSeptember 15. His parents, Mr. andMrs. B. M. Renick, of Pans, accompanied Mn Renickf ana were present to witness the conferring of thedegree.Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Judygave a family dinner last night attheir home on the "Hume and Bedford road, in compliment to herbrother and his bride, Mr. and Mrs.James William Waller, and the latter's guardian, Mr. Theodore T.Artaud, of Washington City, D. C.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. M. Hall entertained the same guests with a picnicsupper at Boonesboro Sunday evening. The following party of Bourboncounty people who have been incamp for some time at Verdun, Ky.,have returned to their homes: Mr.and Mrs. S. E. Bedford, Mr. and Mrs.Kelley Haley, Mr. and Mrs. JamesEstes, Mr. and "Mrs. S. E. Bedford,Mr. and Mrs. Kelley Haley, Mr. andMrs. James Estes, Mr. and Mrs. ClayGaitskill, "Mrs. M. V. "McClintock,Misses Elizabeth May Gaitskill,Rachel McClintock, Sarah LouiseBedford, Annia'Clay; 'IftesrsPrtlClayton, S.':E.Bff?fftrJrvamff Jas.Miss Katie Caufield, of Stevenson, Alabama, is the guest of Mr.and Mrs. George McWilliams, attheir heme on Higgins avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Jqhn WindsorSharp, of Kensas City, Mo., areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W.Davis, Jr.Dr. and Mrs. Jack Casey andbaby, Bettie McUvaine Casey, ofDanville, spent the week-end withMrs. Bettie McUvaine, in this city.Miss Frances Maltby has returned to her home in Maysville after a week-end visit to Mr. and Mrs.Lawrence Horton, on Cypress street.Miss Virginia Morrison willleave to-day for Winchester, whereshe will enter the Kentucky Wesleyan College as a student for thecoming term.A card from Dr. Martha Petree,who is visiting in Kirkville, Mo., toTHE NEWS says, in part: "Wemade the trip here, about 750 miles,in three days. Everywhere thereseemed to be a warm spot in people's hearts for. our Kentuckylicense. We enjoyed the overlandtrip very much, and are meetingmany friends here who seem so gladto see us. Please let THE NEWScome to us at 514 West PierceStreet, Kirkville, Mo."The barge party given lastThursday on the Kentucky ' riverunder the auspices of the JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, regent, was a decidedsuccess, netting them the sum of$90. About one hundred and fiftymade the trip, spending a most enjoyable day on the river. The success of the trip is largely due to' theuntiring efforts of Mrs. Clay, whowas ably assisted by members of theQhapter. 'The proceeds will be usedas a nucleus of a fund to be raisedfor erecting a marker at the graveof Squire Boone, brother of DanielBoone, Kentucky's pioneer, whichhas been located near Little Rock,this county, and to place a memorialtablet in the court house in Paris.One of the most delightful social events of the season was thefive hundred party given by MissAnna May Young, at the home ofher grandfather, J. G. Redmon, nearParis. At the conclusion of thegames a salad course was served.The guests were: Misses CatherineTarr, Mrs. Purdy Doty, of Millersburg; Misses Willie Soper, ThelmaMiller, Eva Chappell, Anna Ware,Alberta Myers, Ann RutherfordDuncan, Hallie Frank, Mamye LeeBaldwin, Louise Letton, Nellie Dalzell, Narcissus Craft, Louise andWilla Redmon. Mary Ellis, MaryLetton, Anne Caywood and IsabelTalbott, Ruby Houston, FlorenceAdair Hedges, Amanda Clay Collins,Mldred Greene, Mary FrancesYoung and Kathleen Lovell.Mrs. J. S. Roberts was thecharming hostess ' at her home,"Glen Iris," in the country, Saturday afternoon, to a bridge party inhonor of the lovely bride of the family, Mrs. James William Waller, ofWashington, D. C, and Mrs. Chas.Hall Ferguson, of Georgetown. Thehome, which is one of the mostbeautiful in the county, was especially lovely for this occasion. Lovelyyoung matrons and lovely younggirls beautifully gowned, added tothe beauty of ,the home and party.Two prizes were given. The guestof honor received a Bohemian glasscologne bottle. The highest scorewas made by Mrs. Earl Ferguson, ofGeorgetown, who received a lovelyBetty Wales chain. After the gamea delicious two-course supper wasserved, a salad course and individual ices and cakes. Mrs. Roberts'guests, besides the guests of honor,were: Mesdames Jas. A. Orr, Durand Whipple, James Duncan Bell,Benjamin Forsythe Buckner, J. M.Hall, Jas. W. Thompson, C. G.Daugherty, Jas. H. Thompson, Harold Harris, Withers Davis, EdwardPrichard, V. W. Ferguson, EdwardTucker, Fay Ardery, Harvey Rogers, Louis Rogers, Catherine DavisCraig, Thompson Tarr, William Ardery, Henry T. Judy, Buckner Woodford, Sidney Ardery, Lou Taylor,Callie Thomas Nichols, Oscar Hinton, Brinch Meinertz, Frank Kiser,Virgil Chapman, 'Virgil Gaitskill,Ray Taylor, Fielding Rogers, WhiteVarden, John - Yerkes, ' Wm( R.Clarke, of Cincinnati, M. L. Gunn,of Harlan, Ky., William MerrittShobe, Salem, N. J., Earl Ferguson,Georgetown, Raymond McMillan,Robert Ferguson, Mrs. Wm. SwiftChampe, Misses Elizabeth Embry,Harriet Rogers, Ollie Butler, LoraineButler, Belle Horton, Louise Marvin, Paynes Depot, Ferguson, Georgetown.(Other Personals on Page 3)Lest You ForgetWe MentionWhen out shopping we have extra values at extra low prices, onLadies' and Misses' Suits, Coats,Skirts, Sweaters, Blouses, Dresses,Millinery and Oxfords and StrapSlippers, Dry Goods, Silks, Etc.,Corsets, Hosiery, Underwear, Etc.Eemember to Call atThat Saves You Money.the StoreTwin Bros. Dept. Store,t CHAS. S. GOLMTINECifiif Ssvcnth and Main StrsetfHunting SeasonOpens !-?LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"Vffcu -'jrWe also call your attention to thebest spring madeEither ofTHE J.EITHERPHONE UMotor Hoarsow'mKThis is the open season for BargainHunters. Our store is the field forany game a man or boy wants.There are no "No Trespassing" signshere and you can wander through toyour heart's content.Our "woods"' are full of New FallSuits, Shoes, Hats and. Furnishings,and you will find us "posted" only onour knowledge what's what in men'sand boys' wear.Fire away, men !You, housekeepers, jknowthatmanybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofjifocratBed. Springssuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dust and lint.And such sleeping comfort! You!just naturally relax and drop o6into pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of thesesprings has just reached usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.OopyriffbUd Shannon Bed Spring Co?, Inc. Loalrrffle, Ky.WSBmTJhe iJjastercraft"these springs sent on30 days trialT. HINTON CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid Coach Undrtihtag!mIvSIXTH AND MAIMi AnlfIi!Mtfr-It;v-htBfrI14.VVKlITM.. JDjradoB.,,j.?V 3-. .-.-"" jef Aj-Z3iP4IS.KY..t- m c1 f StF 3SirN'i ,JPr.jt?r PAGE SIX"" " " iyu. mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY"" -" WJ TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 5, 122&M4IfITHOv.BASHT -MEETINGSNo event in rural Kentucky islooked forward to with more pleasant anticipation than the annual"basket meetings" that still obtainin some of these communities andnave become a recognized institution. It is the one big religiouserent of the year and the day is deToted to worship and communityrendition of hymns.These events get their name fromtne custom or everyooay bringing abasket filled with eatables which atthe appointed time are spread inthe shaded grove where the meeting is held. The basket meetingsmake for a spirit of fellowship thatbrings community into closer touchMany of these meetings were attended by the great-grandfathersand great-grandmothers of thosethat now keep them alive.Generally these meetings are undenominational and the ministersand members of various sects jointogether for the religious exercisesout in the open. In some cases theannual basket meetings are madecounty-wide affairs, and attract alarge concourse of people from farand near. The exercises were simple and unostentatious and differnothing from the manner in whichthey were conducted in by-gonedays.About the only noticeable difference is that automobiles may nowbe seenj)arked around the grovewhere horses were wont to be tethered and a more modish appearanceof the gathering. Otherwise thepreaching and the singing are thesame as they were a century ago.TO CUT OUT THE RENTGovernment awnership of postoffice buildings in every city andtown in the United States, whereone is located, has been proposed toCongress by the Postmaster Generalwith the approval of the President.At present there are 5,836 postofficesin leased quarters and only 1,200 inbuildings owned by the Government.The postoffice Department now Vaysin rentals annually about $12,000,000. Many of the buildings nowused by the postoffices are inadequate to the needs of the steadilyincreasing volume of business. Thestatement is advanced that the Government could borrow money onpractically a four per cent, basis,"whereas when it leases, the department pays a rental sufficient to permit the lessor to borrow money atseven per cent, and in some cases asmuch as ten per cent. Besides agovernment-owned building is ' freeIrom taxation, but when a buildingis leased the Government is indiTectly paying taxes at a rate ofabout two per cent, on the investment, and in many cases a muchhigher rate. The plan, if carriedotft, will no doubt be a great savingto the postoffice department.THE RUSH TO THE COLLEGES(New York Tribune)That New York University ispreparing accommodations for 6,000additional students is further evidence that New York is to hold itsplace as the world's foremost collegetown. To increase the enrollment-from 14,000 to 20,000 shows howthe new endowment is bearingfruit.The growth of New York University in the last ten years has beenumazing. It has now a larger attendance than any other university,and owes its rank largely to its emphasis of "practical education," asdistinguished from the so-called"academic education." Its manyschools for workers have made itpossible for thousands of students toreceive training while working. Thegrowth has been chiefly in the downtown divisions of the university,wliere the vocational schools areconcentrated.The end of the rush to the colleges' is not yet in sight. Neverhave young men and women flockedto-matriculate as since the war. Itis not only an indication of a finespirit in the oncoming generation,hujx furnishes unchallengeable evidence that an increasing percentageof our people have surpluses withwhich to support their children fora. longer period. "Wealth diffuses.Professional fomenters of discontent'continue to be active, but they collide with facts and suffer from theirabrasion.DIXIE 'HIGHWAY -ASSOCIATIONINVITEDA formal invitation to the directors and executive committee of theDixie Highway Association to meetin Lexington, September 25, wasextended by the Kentucky MotorFederation, in session at the Lafayette Hotel, Friday.That the meeting will be held atthat time is considered certain, as aletter which Harvey Myers, president of the Federation, has receivedfrom President M. M. Allison, of theDixie Highway Association, indicates that the body has already decided to meet in Lexington, and theinvitation was to show that theKentucky Motor Federation wishesto have the meeting held under itsauspices and at its invitation. Members of Jthe Ccincinnati AutomobileClub will also be invited to attend,and the local clubs of the Statewhich hold membership in the Federation will send delegates.At the meeting, W. K. Dorman,of Lexington, was elected secretarytreasurer of the Federation. He assumed the duties of his office atonce.President Harvey Myers, of Covington, presided. He has announcedhis intention of touring along theDixie Highway to Knoxville to studyand make reports on road conditions.Those present were: Harold F.Harris, Paris; E. G. Kingsbury,Winchester; Guss A. Brooks, Mayslick; Samuel B. Walton, Lexington;H. Clay Smith, Cynthiana; JudgeDenis Dundon, Paris; Harvey Myers,Covington; Thomas R. Morgan, Covington; Col. James Maret, Lexington; Fred K. Augsburg, Lexington,and W. K. Dorman, Lexington.STIOHANDDYSPEPSIAOVERCOMEINDIANS BONES POUND IN CAVEHaving found two Indian skeletons, stone hatchets, flints and pottery, the party which several weeksago went to dig in a cave in Waynecounty six miles from Monticello,has returned. Professor A. M. Miller, head of the department of geology of the University of Kentucky,who led the party, returned to Lexington. The party dug through earth richin nitrogenous depths in the caveand dug up human and animal remains, and old Indian pipe andother relics of an age long past. Allof the things found are valuable andwill be placed in the geology department at the University.The party dug about five feetthrough earth, but did not strike therock bottom of the cave, Prof. Miller said. All of the bones werefound within that distance. Prof.Miller hopes to make another investigation soon.Members of the party were Prof.Miller, Prof. W. S. Webb, Prof. JMorton Davis, Pjof. W. D. Funkhouser, of the University; Victor K.Dodge, Dr. A. S .Hendrick, C. E.Bales and Mr. Lowry, of Louisville.Victims of stomach troubles, indigestion, dyspepsia and their alliedcomplaints find Tanlac an everready source of relief and comfort.Thousands of people' have re-foundthe joys of health by its use aftereverything else they tried had failed. Mrs. A. Landes, 925 Lanestreet, Akron, Ohio, says:"Even after a light meal, gasformed and bloated me so I couldhardly get my breath and I had awful pains in my stomach. MorningsI got up feeling all tired out. ButTanlac has changed things rightaround for me, and I feel just aswell as I ever did in my life."Tanlac helps the stomach digestthe food properly and eliminatewaste. Soon the whole system isbuild up, the blood is purified andthe entire body takes on new tone,vitality and energy. Get a bottleto-day and start on the road tohealth. For sale by all good druggists, (adv)oOXEN TEAMS NOW A RARESIGHTWEEKLY REVIEW BUTTER, EGGSAND POULTRY MARKETCream deliveries during the weekwere lighter and prices are rulinghigher for butterfat and butter.The tendency for further materialadvances at this time will probablybe checked by withdrawals fromstocks.Receipts of fresh eggs are smaller,with good demand for fine stock.Heavier movement is noted fromstorage stocks to take care of thedeficiency in fresh receipts. Thereis still a large surplus iff storage tobe disposed of.Poultry movement is about normal for the season, and prices showbut little change during the week.L. & N. BUYS FIFTY NEWENGINESNowadays a team of oxen is anuncommon sight in many parts ofKentucky and except for remote andisolated sections cattle are no longerused at draft animals. To a limitedextent oxen are still utilized in theilogging camps and in the mountaincountry where primitive methods oftransportation yet prevail. Evennow a well-broken team of oxen ishighly prized and rarely partedwith. The animals can withstand aprodgious amount of heavy work.The passing of oxen as a means oftransportation is one manifestation of the speed maniathat now has begun to discriminateagainst the horse in favor of thetractor and motor car.Pressed for the need of new powerin order to take care of the trafficcongestion of the fall and wintermonths, the L. & N! railroad hasplaced orders for fifty new locomotives. The order is estimated at$2,000,000.The American Locomotive Company and the Baldwin LocomotiveCompany each received a share ofthe large contract, the former receiving an order for forty of theengines and the latter ten.It is said that the contract is thelargest order for equipment everplaced by the L. & N. at one time.The railroad is accustomed to buildits own equipment and heretoforehas only placed small orders on theoutside.HENRY CLAY'S JACK WAS KENTUCKY MULE'S FATHERASPIRINSay "Bayer" and Insist!JBATHING FLAPPERS PUT OUTOF DANCE HALLFlappers came to grief whenthey entered a dance hall at a Webster, Mass., swimming resort clad inbathing suits. They were enjoyinga foxtrot with their partners whenthey were spied by the management."Outside!" was the order given.Other dancers present said theflappers appeared to be as muchdressed as some who were on thefloor in dancing costume.Unless you see the name '"Bayer"on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-twoyears and proved safo bymillions forColdsToothacheEaracheNeuralgia, Accept onlywhich containsHeadacheLumbagoRheumatismPain, Pain."Bayer" packageproper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costfew cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)HOW PRICES RANGED IN OLDENTIMEWell, Did You Ever.Dear S. O. S. I have noticed a pe-IBttar. thing in connection with theUte of Washington et al. in theCapftei square. The general is lookingat tbc senate and peUtiag to the peniPublic sale at Brutus J. Clay'sfarm, near Paris, August, 1853, ofthe English stock imported by theNorthern Kentucky Importing Company, ten bulls sold for $1,000, $1,425, $1,500, $1,800, $2,000, $2,575,$3,005 $4,525, $4,850 and $6,001;thirteen cows and heifers, $535 to$1,500, and two cows for $3,025 and$3,050; a Cleveland bay horse,Young Lord, for $2,800; Cotswoldbucks at $340, $400 and $755, andewes at $181) to $350; Leicesterbuck and ewes at $50 to $52 each.The Bourbon Agricultural Societypremium for best five acres of corn,in 1859, was awarded to HubbardW. Varnon; his corn, .a large yellowkind, "known as the Mason corn,yielded thirty-one barrels and threebushels to the acre, by measurement. .GIRLS! BLEACHUGLY FRECKLESSqueeze the juice of two lemonsinto a bottle containing threeounces of Orchard White, whichany drug store will supply for a fewcents, shake well, and you have aquarter pint of the best freckle andtan lotion, and complexion whitener. Massage this sweetly fragrantlemon lotion into the face, neck,arms and hands each day and seenow freckles and blemishes bleachout and how clear, soft and rosy-white the skin becomes.v (adv-T)oDOES THE PUBLIC APPRECIATEVALUE?When you pay 3 cents for a dailynewspaper, do you realize the cost ofthe news it contains? If the tele-Si ay ii messages in a single issuedwere sent to you personally itwould cost you about $642.79. Thisamounts to $16,712.54 a month, or$200,550.48 per year, against $6 ayear which you actually pay foryour newspaper.Thus for $6 you pick up whatwould cost otherwise over $200,000for mere toll service alone.When you pay about 7 cents outof every dollar of your income fortelephone, electric street car, gasand electric light and power service,do you realize what it would cost ifscience, invention and businessbrains had been lacking? They doservices for you which otherwisewould necessitate 30 servants. At alow, -average weekly wage of $20this amounts to $600 per week or$31,200 per year. Figuring this asequivalent to 7 cents on every dollarof income, you would need a totalyearly income of $445,700.Thus for an expenditure of 7 centsof every dollar 'you earn, you getnecessary services which in comparison would necessitate a yearly income of over $445,000. And noconsideration is given of the speedof transportation or communicationor the instant readiness always toserve, of the public utilities.Afflictions.We should be more anxious thatour afflictions should benefit us thanON TEACHING AGRICULTUREIt has not been long since elementary agriculture was 'added tothe curriculum of the public schoolsof Kentucky and it was not withoutrepeated opportunity to learn something of the fundamentals of agriculture in the common schdols. Thelaw was passedten years ago andsince that time the primary coursehas reguarly been taught.There seems to have been no goodreason why the pupils of the publicschools should not know somethingabout the elementals of agriculture.the principal industry of their Stateand the advocates of this view finally won out. The measure was introduced in the Legislature severaltimes and defeated before it was enacted and became a law.The iruy who work, in the.nfotiirAHas this any .significance? 1 that they should be speedily removed house finds that -life is mostly aP. Htt in Richmond Times-Dispatch, , froravu. Robert Hall. x frame-up.During the Administration ofJohn Quincy Adams and Henry Clayas his Secretary of State, Clay cameinto the possession of a lot on Lafayette Square, which was just becoming the fashionable residentialsection of the City of ' Washington.By the practice of his profession (inwhich Mrs. Clay said "Mr. Clay always won") he traded the lot toCommodore Rogers for a jackasswhich the Commodore brought fromSpain. Clay sent the jack to hiscelebrated stock farm, Ashland, nearLexington, and the mules for whichKentucky is famous owe their originto this braying grandsire of Lafayette Square.oMedical Note.A good cure for tonsilitls Is a sleevewrapped around your neck with ayoung lady's arm in It.I NOP. wfrS: BrownieJ -aletteHI No man's dollar everHI before bought as much E0II solid comfort as this (D (D qIn ShQ 5"III The "Brownie" Q.III It's a genuine Gillette using 2c (ftIII the same fine Gillette Blades. 0 JHI The razor and 3 blades com- fl (DlU plete $1 everywhere.GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO.. Bortoa, U.S.A.111 W 0t fl" Caer5 j' v ImmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmammmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmiamxmammmmmmmmiTry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT?FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYB 9firraBBBBHHNHBBBBBBBBEflBlfl9BBH&Ba5555EESA "Four" That Sets a New StandardThe 1923 Buick Four Touring $885fs:-?Distinctive Head LampsDrvm-tyfre hemd light end perking lmmpemre'amoag the new refinement of mil1923 Buick models, both four mndeixee.In beauty of appearance, dependability and economyof operation the Buick four-cylinder, five -passengerTouring has established an entirely new standard forfour-cylinder cars.Its low body with its clean, straight lines, accentuatedby the high radiator' and straight hood, give it a lon&racy appearance that is new to cars of its class.Massive crown fenders add to this distinction, as dothe snug-fitting, shapely top and the handsome drumtype head and cowl lamps.And with this beauty has come a new riding comfort.The seats are deep and low with full leg room in bothcompartments. The steering column has been changedin position to increase driving ease and the gear shiftlever has been raised to meet the driver's hand. .Atransmission lock, a windshield adjustable from theinside, and a transmission-driven speedometer likewiseare among the many new refinements of this model.Material changes also have been made in motor,chassis and body construction which contribute stillfurther to the wonderful performance record characteristic of Buick cars for twenty years.The Buick Line for 192S comprises fourteen models:Fours 2 Pass. Roadster, $865; 6 Pass. Touring, $885;5 Pass. Coupe, $1175; 5 Pass. Sedan, $1395; 5 Pass.Touring Sedan, $1525. Sixes 2 Pass. Roadster, $1175;6 Pass. Touring, $1195; 5 Pass. Touring Sedan, $1935;5 Pass. Sedan, $1985; j. Pass. Coupe, $189S; 7 Pass.Touring,$14S5;7 Pass. Sedan, $2 195; SportRoadster,$1625;Sport Touring, $1675. Prices f. o. b. Flint. Ask aboutthe O. M.A. (7. Purchase Plan, which provides for DeferredPayments.D-4-NFf;C, S, BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant StreetayspBEnm mmmmiW.jm&i mmLKmi maxAll WorkDeliveredOn Time-v,;"A.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER ,5, 1922$&yF THE, gOKRBQN NKWS,SBT4!'PARIS, KENTUCKYfifkTJ3iriiJ3iEnds Your liver TroublesMakes Life Worth. LivingFor Sale ByBrooks & Snapp Drug Company,(till Sept 12)3UYS PART INTEREST IN PIKEVILLE NEWSWilliam Grote, editor and publisher of the Vanceburg Sun, haspurchased a part interest in the Pike3ounty News, of Pikeville. His son,Charles Grote, according to announcement in the Lewis county paper, will go to Pikeville and takean active part in the business of thepaper there. Mr. Grote has notheen many years in the editorialprofession, although he is a, printerof practical experience. He is publishing one of the most interestingsheets in the State in the Sun.oMentioned in the Bible.Biblical mention is made of nineteendifferent precious stones, six metals,one hundred and four trees andplants, thirty-five animals, thirty-ninebirds, six fishes, eleven reptiles,twenty insects and other smaller creatures.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4r-WHITE BABBERS 4Modern EquipmentExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSBRIGHTEREVENINGS&3aT ' - - ""Just HistoryIn J7IThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.AUTOMOBILES IN .THE KENTUCKY M0U1CTAJNIRecent occurrences in a mountaincounty when two automobiles werehurled over cliffs into river below,would indicate that there is yet anelement of danger to be encounteredin negotiating a motor car throughthe tortuous mountain passes andtrails, and that it may be some timebefore the sure-footed mule is entirely supplanted as a means oftransportation in the mountaincountry.Notwithstanding the difficultiesto be faced the number of machinesbeing used in the mountain countiesis constantly increasing and feware without any motor cars. Lesliecounty not only has no automobilewithin its borders, but it is saidthat a machine could not be transported there unless the parts werecarried over the mountains and afterward assembled.Xferf -. ViniT nr iniiiprff tjii Ur AuVlutFirstDon't Delay. SecondDon't ExperimentCAMPAIGN AGAINST SCOURGEOF DIPHTHERIABecause the number of deathsfrom diphtheria in Kentucky hasalmost doubled in the last threeyears, and doubled needlessly, according to Dr. A. T. McCormick,State Health Officer, the State Boardof Health already is starting a campaign which has as its sole objectthe lowering of the number of fatalities next winter from this disease.There were 352 deaths from diphtheria reported in 1919, accordingto J. F. Blackerby, director of theBoard of Health's Bureau of VitalStatistics. The number rose in1920 to 423 and last year jumpedagain to 644.These deaths, Dr. McCormacksays, every one could have beenprevented if antitoxin in sufficientquantities had been administeredearly enough in the history of eachcase.Steps being taken by the Board ofHealth now to lower the deaths fromdiphtheria this winter include thecalling to all doctors' attention thefact that the Board has available allthe antitoxin needed, emphasizingthe necessity of using this antitoxin jbefore the disease has taken too firma hold on its victim, and advocacyof the use of the Schick test inschools where there has been a caseof diphtheria.If you suffer from backache;headaches or dizzy spells; if yourest poorly and are languid in themorning; if the kidney secretionsare irregular and unnatural in appearance, do not delay. In such-cases the kidneys often need help.Doan's Kidney Pills are especially prepared for kidney trouble.They are recommended by thousands. Can Paris residents desiremore convincing proof of their effectiveness than the statement ofa Paris citizen who has used themand willingly testifies to theirworth?Mrs. J. N. Reynolds, 255 Winchester street, Paris, says: "I havefound Doan's Kidney Pills to do memore good than any remedy I haveever used and I recommend themhighly. I suffered from rheumaticpains and kidney trouble. I couldalways tell when the weather wasgoing to change as my limbs becamepainful. I got dizzy, especiallywhen I first got up in the morningand my kidneys were not actingregularly. I was not long in getting relief after I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills and feel betterin every way after taking them."Price ,60c, at all dealers. "Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Reynolds had. FosterMilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oNEWSPAPERS "RAZZ" EDITOR J.M. ALVERSONTHE MARKING OF BILLSParis Gas & Electric Co.(Ioorormti)FARMERSImmAPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kier, PrMidentB. L. Wtathen, Vict PmldtntW. Mitchell, CaihitrJno. W. YtrkM, AM't CaikltrDa Ped, Jr., BookkMftr...K S.VSiIn their surveillance and apprehension of suspected persons, Government secret service officers oftenfind it necessary to "mark themoney" handled by such persons.There are various methods of marking national currency, one of themost novel being the pin prick.The note to be marked is, say, the$5 silver certificate bearing the.vignette of an Indian chief in hisfull regalia of feathers and trappings and presenting a full-faceview. With the aid of a pin the secret service man makes two punctures in the bill directly in the pupils of the Indian's eyes. To thecasual and sometimes even criticalinspector of the note these pinpricks are invisible. If raised to thelight, however, the bill will revealthem distinctly.The markings are complicated bythe following process. The pin pointis applied in the "twist" of thelarge figure 5 at the two upper corners of the note. These tiny twistsdo not appear in the "necks" of thetwo figure 5s that are at both endsof the bottom of the note. The noteis now pierced again, this time inthe -ends of .the scrolls on each sideof the word "five" "in the lower center of the bill. The marking isnow complete. In secret, it is exhibited to one or more persons foridentification, and is then placed inthe till or money drawer to which 1the suspected person has access.It is said that the pin pricks willremain perfect for some time. Whensuch bills are produced in court, andtheir marking is explained underoath conviction is practically certain. oTALK OF FAIR AT BOONESBORO.There is talk of a big fair atBoonesboro next year, with a fewtrotting and running races. Madison, Clark, Fayette, Bourbon andJessamine and a dozen other counties-would send, it is believed, manyenthusiasts to a fair at Boonesboro,which has the reputation of beingthe best inland bathing beach to befound anywhere.oDid Well With Crude Instruments.Long before the Christian era instruments were made for the measurement of angles on the principle ofthe subdivision of the eTrcle. Thusthe ancient Egyptians laid out theirlands on the banks of the fertilizingNile. The Instruments were crudebecause "the long result of time" hadnot yet perfected them, but they answered their purpose well enough toenable Eratosthenes, 250 years B. C,to measure the circumference of theround earth.oPitcairn Island.Pitcairn Island has an area of abouttwo miles square. The population nowis said to be about 220. The naturalfood resources of the island, chieflyfruits, fishes and wild birds, probablywould support a population of fivehundred. The island has no intercourse with the outside world, withthe exception of an occasional visit(Richmond Register)"His country newspaper friendsare certainly giving Jesse Alversonthe razzberry over changing hisHarlan Enterprise to a Republicansheet. Well, what could they expect? It was labeled 'independent'to begin with and most of the socalled 'independent newspapers aswell as voters, are usually Republican at heart, or to suit the exigencies of such a situation as Jesse en-Jcountered in Harlan county wherethere is something like 5,000 Republic majority in elections and aDemocratic newspaper would haveas much chance as .the proverbialsnowball in gehenna.";"" K-rss-THE .TRI-STATE TOBACCO FAIR,The spirit of Kentucky hospitality will be -present in a literal senseat the Tobacco -Fair and Fall Festival, to be held under the auspices ofa Greater Cincinnati Committee atthe Kenton Tobacco Warehouse,Covington, Ky., October 21 to November 4. The Covington RotaryClub, is arranging to appoint a welcoming committee for each day ofthe Festival.A pen with which the Declarationof Independence was signed will beamong the many notable exhibits inthe historical display at the Festival. The pen was used by Abraham Clark, one of the signers of theDeclaration, and was subsequentlyused by George Washington. MissJane Cameron became the owner ofit, and it reverted from her to relatives, thus finally coming into thehands of Charles Simpson, of 116Linden street, Ludlow, Ky., who, inturn, presented it to the John Holland Pen Company. The latter haveloaned it to Will H. Myers, managing director of the festival, iforthe historical display.Three entries have already been ireceivea in tne "wno'ii Be Queen"Contest. They are: Miss CarrieAbney, 838 North Second street,Hamilton, 0.; Miss Hazel Quirk,Hamilton avenue, North CollegeHill, O., and Miss Jeanette Ward,916 Clark street, Cincinnati.Many amusement features are being booked to wake the festival attractive. Among them will be anumber of carnival shows andstunts.TOWN AND COUNTY JEALOUSYBOURBON TURFMEN MAKE PURCHASE.The summer thoroughbred auction sales ended at Saratoga, NewTork, Tuesday night with the completion of the Blue Ridge Farm"offerings. The 'two nights dispersalsales brought a total of $208,000.The top price of the sales was theimported brood mare, .Arlette, damof Letterman, which was sold to R.J. Walden, for $13,000. Bourboncounty turfmen made the followingpurchases:Imported Nadinette ch m (7)Fitz Herbert-Melody, with br c byKing James, Arthur B. Hancock,Paris, $4,500; Imp. Adelinetta, b m,(18) Melton Dainty, Charlton Clay,Paris, $300; Cadeau, b m (12)Golden Maxim-Komuraski with dk bf by Superman, Charlton Clay, Paris,$2,000.PLEASURES OF THE BLINDNothing in Kentucky life hasbeen more noticeable in the lasttwenty years than the passing ofthe prejudice that formerly existedbetween the town and the countyresidents. Until quite recently theseelements were generally at loggerheads and a lasting ill feeling wasengendered that was vented on theslightest provocation.Now a better feeling exists between the town people and the country folks and they have learned towork together for mutual help anddevelopment. This change in sentiment is largely credited to the eraof motor vehicle transportationwhich has practically joined the urban and rural population. Thecontact seems to have broadened theminds of both elements and broughtabout a better understanding between them, resulting in co-operativeeffort that has been helpful allaround.Instead of "knocking" the townand its people the residents of thecounty now doosl meir iiuum- caiand pull for its progress and advancement. Formerly the countrypeople entertained the idea that thetown people were "stuck up" andmagnified their importance butfreer intercourse and better relations seem to have changed theviewpoint.It used to be that the line dfcleavage between the town andcounty was particularly distinctwhen it came to politics and beingidentified with the "town clique"meant certain reprisals in the ruralsection. Now, however, the countryfolks assume a more liberal attitudetoward those who live in town aswell as their opinions even to politics.1THE TOU3ZTR&A , CAHYou Need One; Buy it Now-It Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTB'Bj'B- "I r TBK"" TBI B BXBvBBX Bk B avjjjjl -JJJJV Ln L mZFMOTOR COMPANYKentuckyEXBBBXBBBXBBlXaBIXiixasKxsaxaaxiBBXBBBXii Bourbon LaundryDAVIS &y FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street-w, j3friSlSmJ3'LTic-sz-MSlr. a fmx jhlTilBMK&a L K j5lhoh1- UH -WM HiwnM1 SATISFACTIONW OUR WATCHWORD!:.: TTr. Xjig witn an tne latest improve- mVfk and expert helpers we are JJM prepared to ao worK mie- sjm rior to none, and solicit scty your patronage. 1The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyXHXSSKoXi:- hl:Recently stories went the roundsof the State press of a Paducahbliml man, a confirmed baseball fanwho attends all the games, and of aMayfield man with sightless orbsthat finds his greatest pleasure inattending the picture shows. People bereft of sight have been knownto become inveterate racegoers andfind as much thrill in l the pound ofthe hoofs of the flying steeds as anactual spectator in watching the'horses as they dash under the wire.There is a popular misapprehension that those who cannot see aredevoid of any interest in the pleasures and activities o'f life, but this isa mistake. In many cases' the blindovercome their- handicap and enteractively into the various purpuits oflife.A notable instance is that of aprominent lawyer in a Kentuckytown. Although bereft of his eyesight in middle age he overcome thehandicap with the result that he hasnot relinquished his place at thehead of the bar in his section. Louisville has a Magistrate who hasbeen blind since childhood, yet heconducts his office with marked efficiency and as well as any of his contemporaries Vith vision. Many business ventures throughout the State'are conducted by the blind with little or no assistance from others.A Kentucky mountain boy whogroduated from the State BlindSchool some years ago, studied forthe ministry and now is pastor ofoneof the largest churches in Oklahoma, the State that for so long wasrepresented in the United StatesSenate by the blind Senator Gore.Blindness is a terrible affliction butmany with the handicap are demontrating that there are but few avenues not open to the sightless. .POUNDING THE POBK BAERELLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGffomja"ye fchiprMuch fun was, puked at the proposal in Congress some years ago,to improve Mud River, in Kentucky,and make it a navigable 'stream.Now it is the Tradewater River thatthe Government will survey to determine the feasibility of making itnavigable.The late Proctor Knott, then aKentucky Congressman, gained anational reputation forty years agoby his satirical references in- opposing a waterway improvement atDuluth, Minn., then- a hamlet. Mr..Knott facetiously pictured the wonderful progress of Duluth if the harbor improvement was authorizediand in his flight of oratory he dubbed the future Duluth as the "Zenith City of the Unsalted Seas."In "kidding" the unpretentiousj Duluth of that day, Mr. Knott inadj vertently had made a prophecy thatcame true and Duluth rapidly developed into an important commercialcenter. The people of Dulutn neverforgot Mr. Knott. They adopted hisfacetious reference as the city slogan and to further show their appreciation for the man who unwittingly forecast the greatness of Du,luth, they erected a statue in honorOf Mr. Knott, that stands m a prominent position.ProDosed improvements of incon-'connotiHni strpams alwavs have been(associated with the "pork barrel"system and every session of Congressis deluged with proposals for converting an ordinary creek into anavigable stream. It is regarded asa feather in the cap of the Congressman that can get the government in-,terested in the project of improvingany stream in his district. It makeshis constituents feel good. UncleSam pays the bill.oThe man who says that he is bossat his house is either a liar or abUte.Ta' "" " 'y'4$ 'ri-.i -36;wE will counsel-yoa when you' maaA .nn aoaiafanofl,x ui ao..kM.w.We will serve youncourteously andvfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.fjrlff j fJi'iJ,1!,., 3j Once upon a time, men worsmp-ied the eolden calf. Now they lookwith . admiration .on. . the .silken calf, JJTwo - Year - Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop, Sed' Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St, Near Main Both Phofcir-nr-'v--rx-ft y "'' y .4 fa-?.TfflB BOURBON NJCW8, PARIS, KENTUCKYif n i w HiTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, If JXimcDEATHS.4'KENNEDYMrs. Ann E. Kennedy, agedv -eighty-three, widow of David Ken--medy, who died near Paris about"twenty-five years ago, died at therfamily home on the Ruddles Mills;3iket near Paris, about ten o'clockSunday morning.She is survived by. three sons, Ed-. ward Kennedy and Owen Kennedy,.r0t near Paris, and six brothers. Wm.Myall, of Paris, Joseph H. Myall, ofIowa, and Jerry, Frank, Edward andCharles Myall, of California.The funeral will be held at 10:30this -morning, with services at thegrave in the Paris Cemetery.STERN ,A message received in Paris byMorris Stern, who conducts a drycleaning establishment, told of thedeath of his father, Abraham Stern,which occurred at his home in Petrograd, Russia, following a long illness. Mr. Stern had been an active business man in Russia, and by goodbusiness methods had amassed quitea comfortable fortune. The unsettled conditionc in Russia followingthe turbulent upheavals' due to Bolshevism and the world war aftermath, caused Mr. Stern financial reverses, confiscation of real estate,the separation of his family aijdmany troubles incident to the turmoil in the old country. Several ofhis children died during the pastfew years.vda31it1.lii';4tr151INSURANCELetWl fattend to Yours.What a dismal feeling it must be to see your property destroyed by fire if it is not insured.TOBACCO INSURANCEGome in and let us insure you. We are agents forstrong, reliable Insurance Companies and insurance isgreat protection for a small sum.Thomas, Woodford & BryanHERRINGTONMark Herrington, aged thirtyfive, son of Jas. Herrington, of thiscity, died Friday night at the familyhome on Lilleston avenue, after along illness due to a complication ofdiseases.Mr. Herrington is survived by hiswidow, Mrs. Amanda Watson Herrington, two children; two sisters,Mrs. Oscar Hitch, of Covington, andMrs. William Johnson, of Millersburg; two brothers, Luther Herrington, of Ruddles Mills, and Walter Herrington, of Paris.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. ArthurFox, of the Paris Baptist church.The committal services at the gravewere in charge of the I. 0. 0. F.lodge, of which he was a member.ALCANTRILLMiss Lena Cantrill, "daughterof Mr. Edward F. Cantrill, died atthe family home on Winchesterstreet, in this city, Saturday morning after a lingering illness of acomplication of diseases. Miss Cantrill was a sister of Llewellyn Cantrill, of the county.The funeral was held yesterdayafternoon at the residence on Winchester street, at two o'clock, withservices conducted by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The pall-bearers wereJames D. McClintock, Tilford Burnett, John Shropshire, Will G. McClintock, Albert Hinton, Chas. P.Cook, Ed. H. Gorey and Will Bark-ley.2.-00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren 10cCrnd7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults 30cGallery 20cChildren 1 OcTUESDAY Everybody's Favrltt TODAYWALLACE REIDIN"The World's Champion"Don't miss this wonderful production. Believe us Wallace is sue somescrapper! The picture is made from the play that kept Broadway laughing for a whole year.ALSO MUTT AND JEEF COMEDY AND SUNSHINE COMEDY.WEDNESDAY TWQgON WEDNESDAYConstance BinneyinTirstLove"FIRST LOVE" comes to some of us like the measles, a fever, a chill,and" then it is all over. "FIRST LOVE" is the focusing- upon thescreen of a young girl's soul no father or mother, or boy or girl,can afford to miss it. It will stand like a white milestone in your memory. ALSO PATHE NEWSAND "COUNTRY CHICKEN" CHRISTIE COMEDY.Thursday A Paramount Picture ThursdayThomas Meighan Jin "The Bachelor Daddy" lA Big Happiness Romance in which the good luck star is supported bylovely Leatrice Joy and the five cutest kiddies you ever saw.ALSO MOVIE CHATS AND SNUB POLLARD COMEDY.MATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings AtThe Days Go ByA marriage license was issuedfrom the office of the Fayette County Clerk, in Lexington, Saturday, toBerry F. Wright, twenty-two, Bourbon county farmer, and Miss Mary0. Burberry, twenty-four, also ofBourbon county.Adair is manager of a large plantation in Mississippi. His friends areextending congratulations and goodwishes.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSEYRYE, TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.29-tf) '$iflSBf i Wv&0ib KafcaC3f5BI3S M 'WT W.SMRS l il 31 'IfMPm M'M Jw mmPOSTHORN SUDENFELDIrvine Sudenfield, a young Cincinnati traveling salesman, andMiss Eva Posthom, also of Cincinnati, came to Paris Saturday and secured marriage license from CountyClerk Pearce Paton. They wentfrom Paris to Lexington, where theywere married by a Lexington minister, returning to Cincinnati, Sun-aay.YANCY ADAIRHiram Adair, son of Mr. andMrs. A. P. Adair, of near Paris, andMiss Lottie T. Yancy, of ForrestHill, Tennessee, were united in marriage last week at the home of thebride, in Forrest Hill. The newsof the marriage came as a surpriseto the Bourbon county relatives andfriends of the bridegroom. Mr.CLAYTON COLEMANThe wedding of Miss Ruth Clayton, of North Middletown, and Mr.Dorsey Taylor Coleman, of Lexington and Louisville, was quietly solemnized Saturday afternoon, in theparlors of the Broadway Christianchurch, in Lexington, Rev. H. T.Wood, of Louisville, performing theceremony The attendants were MissElizabeth Clayton, of North Middle.town, sister of the bride, and Mr. A.J. Coleman, of Louisville, brother ofthe bridegroom.The bride is the attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Clayton,and for the past year has been apopular teacher in the Fayettecounty schools. Mr. Coleman is theson of Mrs. T. B. Eastin, of Lou-lsviiie, ana is a successiui youngbusiness man representing a Louisville firm.After a short wedding trip Mr.and Mrs. Coleman will return toLouisville to reside.ter, Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire, near Paris, the ceremony, being performed by Rev. 0. J. Steeger,of Georgetown, in the presence ofrelatives and friends.Following the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Smith were guests at a wedding dinner given by Mr. and? Mrs.Frank Shopshire. After a short visitwith relatives in Kentucky, Mr. andMrs. Smith will return to Birmingham to reside in a new home rapidlyapproaching completion.Mrs. Smith is a daughter of JohnS. Smith, former Paris attorney andCommonwealth's Attorney for thisdistrict, now residing in Indianapolis, Ind. She is a graduate of theWestern College, at Oberlin, Ohio,and finished her education at theUniversity de Besoncan, France. Forthe past year she has been instructor in French in the BirminghamHigh School. Her husband holdsan important position in the officesof one of the leading Southern railways in Birmingham.SMITH SMITHNEW AUTO OWNERSMrs. James Connelly and Mrs. A.S. Rodney, of Paris, are driving newMiss Martha Oden Smith, form- Reo touring cars, recently purchasery of Paris, and Mr. Wm. Smith, of ed and delivered through represenBirmingham, Alabama, were mar- tatives of Kittrell &sJalloway, ofried at the home of the bride's sis- Lexington.wungUMR. RILEY SUNDERLANDdirect fromtThe Nation's Leading Tailors"will be at this store with the season's most completeshowing of imported and domestic woolens in thepiece for aTailoring Display SaleThursday, Friday, SaturdaySeptember 14, 15 16Select your Fall and Winter Suit and Overcoat during this eventr and have them tailored to your individual measure, for . deliverywhenever you say.Remember the dates. Be here early so you'll get first choice. - V'VPRICE & CO.-"V"REDUCTIONSALE vOffering the greatest shoe values for manyyears. Come this week and get yourshare of these wonderful savings.SHOES and OXFORDSfor every member of the family at sacrificeprices.Ladies' Oxfords and Strap Slippers,former $2.99 and $3.99 grades. . . .Ladies' Satin Slippers, Tan Oxfordsand Patent, values to $4.50, reduced toMen's Tan Shoes and Oxfords, English and Blucher, reduced to . .Boys', Youths' and Little Gents' TanSchool Shoes, special . . . . .Ladies' Patent Strap Slippers andTan Oxfords, values $4.00, reduced to.Further reduction on all remainingwhite Canvas Slippers for quickclearance, while they last, $1.29and . .$1.95$2.85$2.95$1.99$2.45$1.45Men's Tan Scout Shoes $2-.50 valueon saleMen's Tan and Black Walk-OverShoes, $8.00 value, on sale..$1.79$4.95Nobby Oxford, splendid for Summersport wear, with low heels, givingthe ankle good support for longfrn Arwalks. In tan or black, special. . J JJJlOne-inch heel Oxfords. The latestthing in women's Oxford, a verysmart blucher. It has every feature j nrof a top-notch style, special . . . .IL MJjmil!-5! ' Ym: ii;IV. " "5iJL1 wBSj-"-!.,. (' V-iPOSNER BROS.DAN COHEN STAND r , 336 MAIN-STREET2, 1 - u -as-.'&imi -1C rva f-Tc -3 s-' 'sgnsrssK. " ;',':Tj. &2&Zi."l,&'&&'i T.& Z,?'- Vi!"." r.- -ilHir'm-Mr-Ofi&r -SB. t. TSte?-:!"'?,wsfev ifii3 :mmP4UVt'jiC 'r1 - ..tr