,. '. ,tw- :.H'' -i' L'lk VttTHENEWSgRT,V7 T &$ t: " I Jif i k'39 - ? KlfVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDA AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.fAVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1922' WBOU R80N'JTHE CHEISTIAN EDUCATIONAL ICAMPAIGNAfter several weeks of preparation by the Presbyterians of Kenstucky the actual canvass among theChurches in this section for $1,000,000 for Christian education willbegin. It is planned to visit everychurch in the State and representatives from headquarters will shortly'hold a conference with the Presbyterian pastors and chaurch officersfor the appointment of local committees and other detail work. Thecause will be represented in the pulpits by the local pastors and by representatives from Louisville.Locally the people are very muchinterested in the movement. It isplanned to apportion $300,000 tothe Presbyterian Seminary, $300,000 to Centre College, $200,000 tothe Kentucky College for Women,the remainder going to Sayre School,"Witherspoon College, Pikeville College, Scott Academy and the Presbyterian Orphanage. The work will'ie finished by the end of the year.Mr. Garrett S. Jefferson, of theParis church, is looking after the.advertising end, and a few other details, for Bourbon county.oHAH INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST HAIL WITH McCLURE &DONALDSON, FIRST NATIONAL3ANK BUILDING. (27-tf)o"NEIGHBORHOOD NIGHT"Owing to the rain which fell Friday night, "Neighborhood Night"programs, planned by the Community Service, was postponed until lastnight, when better weather prevailed. Karry Jones, of Lexington, waspres-ent with the unaphone of theBluegrass Fair Association, and accompanied the merry -makers ontheir rounds. Stops were made atNineteenth and Main, Fifteenth andMain, Seventh and Walker Avenue,and Second and Lilleston Avenue.Songs were rendered by volunteers,and short talks were made by JudgeD.undpn, Rev. W. E. Ellis, Dr. M. H,bailey and Wade H. Whitley.oNOTICE TO TAXPAYERS. THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S'$FICE IN THE 'COURT HOUSEWILL BE OPEN JULY 1, ANDTHEREAFTER.BEN WOODFORD, JR.BOURBON CO. TAX COM.june30-4t)aThe PrideMakes its initial bow on the frontpage of THE NEWS, permitting aneasier survey of daily events at itsstore.Always seeking more conveniencesfor its patrons and more concessionsfor its customers.Always endeavoring to render moreefficient satisfactory service to theutmost gratification of all who enterits store.Always seeking for its customerslower prices for merchandise of higherquality.Such and such only is the policy ofTHE LEADER STORE and if yourexperience at any time is not identicalthe management will appreciate yourcriticism.vpOLflBBsINDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS,pjlh ityMlFORMER PARIS WOMAN MISSINGFROM HOMEInformation was received hereyesterday of the disappearance fromher home, on Greenup street, inCovington, of Miss Maude Power,aged forty, a former resident ofParis. Due to continued illness hermind is believed to have become affected. Eluding the watchfulness ofthrough a window at her home, and jwas last seen going toward the viV-er, clad only in her night dress?-r? "? Sfoo ZZIV! -Ll . -v..- 1 h.? tttVi fttuey weie gillie young, jj. " " -and her sisW have made their homein Covington with an aunt, MissMaggie White. A brother, JohnDfiTar woe nrmnopf prl with this iobpriting establishment of J. T. Pryor, Iand the family resided in a smallcottage on South Main street. TheMisses Power were quite prominentin Catholic circles in Covington.LATER A telephone messagelate yesterday afternoon from Covington to THE NEWS stated thatafter a long search by the Covington police, and relatives and friends,the body of Miss Power was foundin the Ohio river, just under theSuspension Bridge, at a point nearthe Kentucky shore. In her delirium she had evidently wandered tothe river and fallen in. The messagealso stated that the funeral wouldbe held from St. Mary's Cathedral,at nine o'clock to-morrow (Wednesday) morning, and the burial wouldfollow in St. Joseph's Cemetery, inCovington.AUCTION SALE OF VALUABLEMILLERSBURG PROPERTYThe handsome residence of Col.and Mrs. C. M. Best, at Millersburg,will be offered at public sale onTuesday, July 25 at 2:30 p. m.Read the description in this issueof THE NEWS. (11-14)WISCONSIN TOBACCO CROP ISPOOLEDThe Wisconsin tobacco crop, expected to amount to 60,000,000pounds, will be co-operatively marketed through the Northern Wisconsin tobacco pool, the State department" of markets 'announces.Over 75 per cent, of the 50,000acres of tobacco grown annually inthe State has been contracted forby the pool, according to the an-uuuuv;cuxcui i rc mswt atc 1 1 JtT.Ll1;of Paris"&SS'pPOFMll-0KENTUCKYi?r-H ' OMBASE BALLSUNDAY'S RESULTSParis 6, Winchester 4.iMaysville 5, Cynthiana 4.Lexington 8, Mt. Sterling 4.LEAGUE STANDINGWon..1..1. .1..0'. .0Lost000111Pet.1.0001.0001.000.000.000.000PARIS,Texingj?nfiT" f : JWinchester .MTt- 04-.M-.'. kjwwC3Cynthiana 0The Bluegrass League is startingits second series exactly as it finish-,ed the first, with Paris', MaysvilleandT Lexington in the first divisionNippert, former Miami Universitystar, now holding a place in theMammoth's left field, just now hasone of the heaviest batting averagesin the League..He has hit safely in every one ofhis eight games, and has an averageof .433 including two hits made offRasty Wright, in the Paris-Winchestergame Sunday. His teammate, Coyle, playing second, is alsocoming along in the batting overages. Paris literally went baseball"loco" Sunday afternoon, when inthe first game of the new series, theParis Mammoths took a fall out ofthe Winchester Dodgers by a scoreof 6 to 4. One of the largest crowdsever seen at the League Park waspresent to witness the struggle, andit was a good-natured, chaffingcrowd, despite the teriffic heat andother discomforts. The game was inthe nature of a trial of skill betweenRasty Wright, the Dodgers' premierpitcher, and Miner, for Paris. Anew slab artist, Blakefield, of Memphis, Tenn., went in to pitch forParis, but owing to previous injury,went out of the game after pitchingtwo innings. Miner finished out thegame, and did splendid work.Wright was hit at the time whenhits meant something in the scoring line, while Miner held his visitors well in hand at all times. Coyleand Cicona featured for Paris whilethe Winchester shortstop, Hisle,grabbed off a home run by a long hitover the fence. Macke and Nippertgrabbed two base hits, while OliverMann pulled out a three-bagger.The batteries . werai-For Paris,43iS&fcft.i'i- .lomo fo.Blakefield, Miner and Macke: for.Winchester, Wright, Thoss and Frazier. The game, which went fortwo hours, was umpired by Goodman, former manager of the Paristeam, who was "right there" in hisposition.The meeting held in Cynthianathe past week, at which time thenew schedule was adopted, was avery enthusiastic one, atid betterharmony was displayed .on the partof the club owners than ever before.All the clubs reported as being ingood shape and are looking forwardto a post-season series between thewinner of the first and last half ofthe season schedule. There is alsoconsiderable talk of a Kentuckychampionship series between thewinner of the Bluegrass Leagueand the Kitty League.The new schedule, which will include games on Thursdays, Saturdays and Sunday, has not yet beengiven out by President Russell. Asto where the teams will play nextthe dates will probably not be announced before Wednesday.Besides the Bluegrass Leaguegames and games between coloredteams in various parts of the county, games are played every Sundayafternoon at Black's Cross Roads,seven miles from Paris. In a recentgame the Cross Roads Terrors defeated the Spears Mill teams by ascore of 3 to 2. The game was aduel between opposing pitchers.Not since the days of the old Bluegrass League has such enthusiasmover baseball been witnessed in Parisjas after Sunday's game between theMammoths and the Winchesterteam. Young and old, men, womenand children eagerly sought thebulletin boards and hardly anythingelse was discussed on the streets.Crowds throgned the streets after the game, and the scores of antomobiles returning from the ballpark filled the streets on both sidesin running lines. The crowd at theball park was undoubtedly the largest ever seen there.It was a matter of universal comment Sunday afternoon that each of:the losing teams made four runs intheir contests.The next game in the ChurchLeague will be played on HancockField this (Tuesday) afternoon, at3:30 o'clock, between the Mathodistand Christian teams.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COH-H PLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELETUG LIGHTS, LOCATED vmJT01TH CLUTOJr ATXMTJX.BifRlO JT LUMKR CO(mtrtl-tf- UTX i t-FAYETTE COUNTY GROWERSUED BY BURLEY POOLThe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association late Saturdayafternoon took the first step to enforce its marketing agreement andcontract with its members when itserved papers in a suit against Garrett Watts, wealthy Fayette countyfarmer, alleging that he violated hiscontract.It is charged that he failed to deliver to it under, that contract morethan 70,000 pounds of tobacco and'that he dilivereri onlv 3.KR0 nnnnris-- - - -o tne association. Damages in theum of $ 3,5 00 and attorneys' fees$i $1,000 additional are asked, bothdamages and fees being providedfor by the contract itself.ViVIr. Watts had been to the racesat Latonia Saturday and was on hisway back home when a deputy sheriff boarded the train at Paris andserved the papers in the suit, whichwas filed Saturday in the BourbonCircuit Court, the association's attorneys being Franklin, Talbott andChapman, of Lexington and Paris,Worthington, Browning and Reed,Maysville. Just why the paperswere served in Bourbon county orwhy the suit is filed in this countywas not made clear Saturday night.When the train on which Mr.Watts was coming from Latonia arrived at Paris it was boarded by Assistant Counsel Virgil Chapman, ofthe Burley Association; CI yde E.Buckley, a member, and DeputySheriff James Gibson. When theycame to Mr. Watts' seat in the car,Mr. Buckley said pleasantly: "Goodevening, Mr. Watts," and the deputy sheriff, who did not know Mr.Watts, promtly served the papers inthe case, the petition having beenfiled previously with Circuit ClerkWebb, of the Bourbon CircuitCourt.The suit, the first of the kind filedsince the organization of the burleyassociation, is most important tothat organization, for its success orfailure will show either it has orhas not the power to enforce itscontracts by the punishment ofthose who may violate them.The suit and its probable consesequences was the sole absorbingtopic of conversation Sunday andyesterday among the tobacco growers of Bourbon county. Accordingto. . the petition, the Associationabcn.a iu vwnvu iuu uuuiutjbo j. v-j-vired to as well as the attorneys' fees,under a clause of the contract thatprovides that if any members shallfail to deliver the tobacco he agreesto in the marketing agreement, heshall pay to the Association as liquidated damages five cents a poundfor each pound of tobaccjo he mayfail to deliver, and that he shall alsopay a reasonable attorneys' fees inaddition.oDOT FORGET TO ATTENDOUR MID-SUMMER SALE. HUNDREDS ARE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE WONDERFUL LOWPRICES ON SUMMER MERCHANDISE. FRANK & CO.ORDER YOUR BLACKBERRIESDon't wait until they are allgone before you place - your order.Order to-day and you will get themaa soon as possible.C. P. COOK & COSTATE D.A. R. COMMITTEESCHOSENMrs. C. M. Clay and Miss Elizabeth Grimes, of Paris, attended therecent meeting of the State Board ofthe DA. R., at Lexington, whenthe following Bourbon county women were given committees assignments: Mrs. Clay, chairman of the D. A.R. Magazine Committee; Miss Elizabeth Grimes, former State Treasurer, chairman of the Auditing Com-jmittee; Patriotic Education, Mrs.W. H. Whitley; Preservation of Historic Spots, Mrs.' Whitley; CorrectUse of the Flag, Miss Blanche Lilleston; Historical and Literary Reciprocity, Mrs. Louis Rogers; RealDaughters, Mrs. Thompson Tarr andMrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland; Arches and Relics. Miss ElizabethGrimes: Genealogical Researcnes,Miss Letitia Hedges; MommontFund, Mrs. Henry S. Caywood.oWITH THE "DRUMMERS"The Lexington Herald "SampleCase" has the following notes of interest to Paris people:"T. C. Lenihan, of Lexington, hastaken a lease on the store located at334 North Upper street. When alterations and improvements havebeen made Mr. Lenihan will reopenwith a first class grocery and meatmarket." 'Lucky' Mathias, of Bryan-HuntCompany, in his 'phaurd' limousine,was chasing around Bouroon countylast ftek"Jerry King, with the Indian ReIfinin Coeiiaay, was spread! oilUll " -Bewe "wumttflMt weekVBLUEGRASS SEED DEALERS EFFECT ORGANIZATIONRepresentative Bourbon countybluegrass seed growers attended ameeting of representatives from fiveof the principal bluegrass seed producing counties held at Wenchester.At this meeting organization of theco-operative Bluegrass Seed Marketing Association was perfected. Morethan 400,000 bushels of blue grassseed was represented, with the prospect of more than double thatamount being pledged to the poolwithin the next few days.The pledge taken by the growersthat all of the 1922 crop of Kentucky bluegrass seed grown or owned by the signers, an estimate ofwhich in bushels is set opposite theirrespective names, is hereby pledgedand shall be delivered to said Association on its call for same, whichshall be received, handled, commingled, stored, graded, insured,financed, cleaned and marketed bysaid association, on the co-operativemarketing plan, and said Association shall collect and distributethe proceeds to the members in proportion to the amounts delivered,after deducting all the expenses ofsaid association incurred with reference thereto.The association is authorized toperform all or any of these services,and to do all acts necessary or proper for the carrying out of the cooperative plan or it may have samedone by the agents under contract.The association is to receive noprofit for any of its work or business and to be without capital stock.The directo?s and officers of theproposed new Blue Grass' Seed Cooperative Marketing Associationwill be selected at a meeting of thecommitteemen and growers of theorganization which will be held inthe Fayette county court house tomorrow. The following is a list ofcommitteemen of the various counties: Fayette county, Robert E.Beaty and J. D. Marshall; Clarkcounty, T. W. Brock, Eli Dooley andN. P. Gay; Bourbon county, L. A.Soper, Logan Bryant and JulianRogers; Montgomery county, E. R.Prewitt and Colonel Gatewood;Woodford county, John Winn.EXTRA NICE. LOT OF .LATCABBAGE PLANTS.JOE LAVIN,,,332 WEST EIGHTH ST.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMID-SUMMER SALESPECIALSBLOUSESIN FRENCH VOILE AND BATISTESpecial $2.75 to $7.75VALUES TO $9.75Crisp, dainty and femininely lovely are these delightful hand-made blouses to wear with one's suit, sweateror skirt. The collars have been made to fit and the cuffsare j ust the sort to turn back prettily. One may havesquare, round, tuxedo or Peter Pan style collars in thesewaists all trimmed with pretty filet lace. You will likethem all. Sizes 34 to 46. Also featuring stout sizes 48to 54, very moderately priced.SPECIAL No. 2Beautful Hand-EmbroideredPhilippine Gowns andTeddies at$2.50 the GarmentFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSnrParis, Bourbon county, will Marrsomething next week that has neverbeen here before, namely the Kentucky State Tournament. From present indications it looks like we wilLhave one hundred shooters from adistance, and already have worifrom some of the best .shooters imthe United States that they will behere.The afternoon of July 18 will hegiven up to and called "PracticeAfternoon," 100 targets at 16-yardrise. All day Wednesday, startingat 9 o'clock, the following eventswill be on the program:First part of the State AmateurChampionship; first part of theState Distance Handicap; first p"artof the State Double Target; Highgun event on first 150 targets.Ladies' State Championship already have one squad entered.On Thursday, starting at 9o'clock, the following events will beon the program:Last part of the State AmateurChampionship; last part of the StateDistance Handicap; last part of theState Amateur Targets; Boys' StateChampionship; high professional on,300 targets both days; All-RoundChampionship of Kentucky on allevents.Alfred Clay has made a numberof improvements to his already fineshooting grounds, which make themsecond to none.The Woman's Club of North Middletown will serve a regular dinner"both days. They are noted for tketrgood feeds. Plenty of benches andchairs, shade and ice water. Visitors welcome all the time.oLODGE NOTES !Robert B. Trame, Covington,has been appointed master of thefourth degree, Knights of Columbus,for the State of Kentucky, it wasannounced by John H. Reddin, Denver, Col., master of the fourth degree, Knights of Columbus. Tramesucceeds James J. O'Brien, vicemayor of Lexington. Installation,ceremonies will be held in Octoberand will be in charge of Past Master O'Brien.The Missouri State Highway Commission is planning warning signsalong 7,700 miles of highway.KENTUCKY STATE SHOOTPARIS NEXT WEEK" BrIi:l!Iiill. Sfli -iM(Ik V.a. - .,i . jt kiuM.i-'.i.ktJ "A.J ?' y'Jr.'4tiQ t.ts ?&fS&t8m&&$.AfaKnjftTV WTV iTWSWtf rm' - -V , -ftMr PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY 11, 1122.IV'sisPEhi sIH11hiTHE BOURBON NEWSefcemMiiked 18f:41 Years of Con-tinuous PublicationJMliihed Every Tuesday and Friday3r Tear $2.006 Months $1.00P&yable Cash in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Bettered at the Paris, Kentucky,fMUfie as Mail Matter of theattend Class.)Ml FOREIGN BEPEESENTA-TIVES.Mew York American Press Asso-Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLomisvilte Lowman-Mnllican Co.HAMILTON P17OT BEftEBTCI-ABIES 'ADVERTISING RATESDjjplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfcUb for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Heading Netices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied byhe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsf THE BOURBON NEWS will beajlaxlly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSAn old-timer asserted that language was given to man for purposeof concealing thought. This is obviously an error, since neither Naturenor the gods bestowed upon everyone gifts which only a few can use., According to the alarmists of theKeolithic period girls may haye lostthe respect of men, but you can justfret that in this period of knickerbockers and flapper bathing suitsthey manage to engage the affections of the right fellow.Here lies the body of Sandy DemushHis death was too sad for description; He was killed by a mob in a terrible rush.When he carelessly dropped his prescription. After a lawn party in the eastern part of Kentucky a man shot hiswife, and the explanation was:"They both were drunk, and there'sno use denying it." It cannot bedenied that in one direction therehas been marked social progressduring the past decade.That Lexington man who advertises that he will trade a five-passengercar for a five-passengerhouse may want to settle down, butin his family he is perhaps the pitiful minority to whom settling downlxua home might be jolier than settling: Tip with the venders of gasoHne, cylinder oil, tubes and castDags. A 'Paris youth was summonedfsto Court recently as witness in aase in which his parents wereyfincipals. The Court duly admonfahed him as to the nature of anemth, and then asked him: "You gotoSunday school, don't you? Anddoa't'they teach you there the difference between right and wrong,"Jstisgine the Court's astonishmentwhen the boy replied: "Huh!TEey ain't teached me anythingyet."Sugar prices may rise, but theywill rise more rapidly and higherupon a rush of buyers to hoard sug?ar than in a natural market. Doyou recall the high sugar propaganda and the 32-cent. sugar and customers standing in line? It was a lesson in psychology, not an illustration of shortage.Toppy Nix, veteran of the ballgame as far back as 1862, approached a stranger Sunday afternoon during the Paris-Winchester game andasked him innocently: "Where dothey keep the extra bases?" "Whatdo you mean, old fellow?" inquiredthe stranger." Why, I just saw aParis player steal two bases," replied Toppy, as he sidled away, a laGharlie Chaplin.The Commissioners of the Hamilton Fund, composed of Mrs. Wm.D. Mclntyre, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and Mrs. John J. Connell, attheir recent meeting, submitted tothe Fiscal Court a list of old andnew beneficiaries of the Fund, together with the amounts appropriated for each, old and new. Following the report the Court approved it and made the necessaryallowances from the Fund to twenty-nineyoung Paris and Bourboncounty girls, who will derive thebenefits for the coming year. Thelist follows:OLD BENEFICIARIESElizabeth Snapp, University ofKentucky, $85; Marie Colli ver, University of Kentucky, $75; MargaretHill, University of Kentucky, $70;Elizabeth Taylor, Kentucky Wesleyan College, v$ 75; Anna David,State Normal, $75; Constance Hill,Midway Orphan School, $75; EulaTurpin, Midway Orphan School,$75; Elizabeth Boston, Bus.iness College, $50; Julia Walsh, St.Catherine's Academy, $45; AddieFightmaster, Paris High School,$50; Ruby Taylor, Paris HighSchool, $50; Ann Brophy, ParisHigh School, $40; Ruby Hall, ParisHigh School, $50; Pansy Burns,Paris High School, $35; Rose Jordan, Paris High School, $35; LeolaGifford, Paris High School, $35;Christine Hill, Millersburg Highchool, $35; Nellie Shay, Millersburg High School, $35; Thelma McKenzie, Millersburg High School,$30; Jennie Hubbard, MillersburgHigh School, $30; Edna Earl Wilson, Paris High School $30; Katherine Crowe, Paris High School, $30.NEW BENEFICIARIESElizabeth Stewart, GeorgetownCollege, $50; Elizabeth Dillon, Midway Orphan School, $25; GertrudeDuncan, Centre High School, $25;Louise McMahon, Millersburg HighSchool, $25; Sara Bradley,High School, $25; Elizabethson, Paris High School, $25.MRS. EARLE ISHIGHLY ELATEDOVERMTCOMEDeclares .Tanlac .Fully ..BelievedStubborn .Stomach Trouble .andBuilt Her Up So She's Like a NewPerson."I have recommended Tanlac personally to a number of my friendsand am glad for this public statement to be used for what it may beworth to others," said Mrs. M. A.Eearle, of Chesapeake, O., while inHuntington one day."About two years ago my stomachbegan to give me trouble. My appetite was poor and what little Idid eat seemed to do me more harmthan good. Gas bloated me up terribly, it was seldom that I got agood night's sleep and I had a tired,dull, listless feeling all the time."But, Tanlac soon got me to feeling like a different person. I nowhave a fine appetite and can eatanything I please, never have indigestion and just feel splendid. It isa wonderful medicine."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists.STRAYEDFrom my place on the Cynthianapike, near Paris, five two-year-oldSouthdown ewes and two lambs.Reward for return toBRUTUS J. CLAY,Route 6, Paris, Ky. ,Cumberland Phone 978.CHICKENS FOR SALEI have a nice lot of spring chickens for sale at 75c each, or $8 perdozen. Call Cumb. Phone No.167-R. (4-3t)Executor's Notice !FINDS AXE BELONGING TO "ABE"LINCOLNParisWat-CIRCULAR ON TOMATOES READYFOR DISTRIBUTIONA new circular designed as ahandbook for farm boys and girls ofthe State who are raising tomatoesas their junior agricultural clubproject, has just come off the pressat the College of Agriculture and isready for free distribution to interested persons. It was written by A.J. Olney, a member of the collegehorticultural department, and contains a detailed discussion of suchthings as the growing of plants, hotbed preparation, care of seedlings,soil preparation, field planting andculture along with a number of others of special interest to tomatogrowers.oMONTGOMERY COUNTY FAIRJULY 19 TO 22.The Montgomery County Fair Association program book for thisyear's fair to be held in Mt. SterlingJuly 19 to 22, is being distributed.N. A. Wilkerson, secretary of the association, has prepared a good program, which will include threerunning and two trotting racesdaily. A large cattle exhibit hasbeen arranged. The Mt. SterlingDerby is carded for the stellar attraction. It will be a race forthree-year-olds and up, and over adistance of one and one-sixteenthmiles. The Maysville Boys' band hasbeen engaged to furnish music.A correspondent at Raywick, Ky.,writes in a Lebanon paper of a remarkable find. Forty-two years agohe unearthed an axe on the Lincolnfarm in Hardin county. Withscarcely a reason he. can. remember,he carried the rutsy blade, whichdropped from a rotten handle, to hishome. In several moves the axemoved with the plunder as scrapiron for the junkman when he mightcall. On an idle day, he picked itup and in curiosity ground it to seeif the ancient piece of steel wouldhold an edge. Under dirt and rusthe found the initials A. L. Testingthe edge, his right forefinger wascut to the bone. He proclaimsAbe Lincoln's axe the finest pieceof steel he has seen in a long life,and the junk he had . sheltered somany years has suddenly become atreasure.FOR RENTFive large rooms and bath corncomplete, lower flat, garage, locatedat 1455 South High street. Will bevacant July 10. If interested, writeMartin & Mitchell, at 108 Walnutstreet, room 4 Lexington, Ky.(4-tf)NewandUsedFurnitureTrade in your old furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(augl5-tf)All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Rebecca Nippert,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven as required by law, to the undersignedExecutor, for adjustment and payment, on or before July 20, 1922.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs. Rebecca Nippert, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedExecutor and make full and promptsettlement of such indebtedness.JAMES M. 0BRD3N,Executor of the Will of Mrs. RebeccaNippert.(23june3wks)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEExtension of CharterOFAPARISWOMEN AND ELECTRICITYIEW BACE TRACK TO BE BUILTAT ASHLANDPlans were completed for thepurchase of two hundred and sixtyacres of land near Ashland for theerection of a race track and stands,irhich it is declared, will be one oftiie largest In Kentucky. It is stated that $400,000 will te spent onthe work, to include $275,000 steeld ceaent grand stands. The trackWill fee one mile and one-eighth infeNTtk. Races will be held there'ggffcU, ireeseierssey.. .TO OPEN BOAD BIDS ON JULY 10Bids for surface treating 28.95miles of State highway and foreight bridges will be opened by the&tate Highway Commission atFrankfort on July 19, it was announced Saturday. The bridges allare on the Mayfield-Murray road inGraves county.The projects to be surface treatedwith tar or oil and gravel are:Bloomfield road from Lawrenceburg 3.67; miles distant in Estill4.07 miles; Richmond-Winchesterroad from the Kentucky River to apoint 4.67 miles distance to Madisoncounty; Richmond-Irvine road, fivemiles in Madison county; RichmondIrvine road from West Irvine to apaint 3.67 miles distant in Estillcounty; Paris-Mt. Sterling roadfrom Bourbon county line to Mt.Sterling-Sharpsburg road, 7.64 milesin Montgomery county; VersaillesHarrodsburg road, Versailles citylimits to a point four miles south inWoodford county.IRVINEFIRE DESTROYSBUILDINGSTWOFire starting in the City SteamPressing Shop, at Irvine, operatedby C. E. Edwards, at 2 o'clock Saturday morning destroyed the shopand the dwelling house of Mrs. S.A. Spicer, causing a loss of $6,000,partially covered by insurance.The lumber yard of C. Y. Drake &Son also caught on fire, but wassaved by the volunteer fire department headed by A. M. Davis, andthe L. & N. fire department.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANGet Wisdom.- Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore, get wisdom; and with all thy,getting get understanding. Proverbs I4:7. - - - -When a woman is sulky and willnot speak Exciter.If she gets too excited Controller. If her way of thinking is notyours Concerter.If she is willing to come -half wayMeter.If she is willing to come all theway Receiver.If she becomes quarrelsome Dispatcher. If she wants to be an angelTransformer.If she wants chocolates Feeder.If she sings wrong Tuner.If she is in the country Telegrapher. If she is a poor cook Discharger.If her dress unhooks Connector.If she eats too much Reducer.If she is wrong Rectifier.If she is cold to you Heater.Jt she gossips too much Regulator. If she fumes and sputters Insulator. If she becomes upset Reverser.BUBLEY ASSOCIATION SELLSCIGABETTE LEAFThe sale of a consignment of cigarette wrapper was announced byofficials of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Association,but the amount sold and the nameof the purchaser was not made public. Other sales are reported pending and the association is now filling a recently reported order forthe air-dried tobacco for export purposes.President and General ManagerJas. C. Stone Warehouse ManagertoDt. Hi. ueaty and Grader AlbertDay went to Madison county and ontheir return reported the signing upamong them J. W. Curry, prominentand influential farmer and tobaccogrower of the Newby section.CENTRE COLLEGE IMPROVEMENTS UNDEB WAYWork has been started on the remodeling of the president's home atCentre College, Danville. Between$15,000 and $20,000 will be expended in making improvements toLue ounaing. several large columns will be built in front, similarto the old College Home building. Itwill be completed by the time of thearrival of Dr. Montgomery, the newpresident.fryTMO f tNotice to Creditors !Al persons having claims againstthe estate of Geo. R. Bell are requested to present same 'to the undersigned for payment.ah persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Georee RBell or the firm of Ford & Co., ofwnicn ne was a, member, are urgedto call and settle promptly with theundersigned.DUNCAN CBELL,Executor Geo. R.,,Bell Estate. "(7-3t)THE FIRST NATIONALOFParis, KentuckyTreasury Department,Office of Comptroller of The Currency,Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasbeen made to appear that "THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK OFPARIS" in the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act of Congress,to enable National Banking Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved July 12, 1882.Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissinger, Comptroller of the Currency, dohereby certify that "THE FIRSTNATIONAL BANK OF PARIS" inthe City of Paris, in the County ofBourbon and State of Kentucky, isauthorized to have succession for theperiod specified in its amendedarticles of association: namely, until close of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of office this firstday of June, 1922.(Seal)(Signed)D. R. CRISSINGER,Comptroller of The Currency.Charter No. 6323.Extension No. 4304.(July 7-1 mo)PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and KitchenFurnitureThe undersigned administratrixwill offer for sale to the highestbidder a lot of household and officefurnishings belonging to the estateof the late Dr. "J. W. Mebane.Sale will be concluded at his lateresidence at 820 Main street. Paris,Ky., onSaturday, July 15, 1922,at 2 o'clock p. m.Some articles in the list are:3 Gas Heating Stoves;1 Double Heater, soft coal;1 Iron Bed;1 Steel Springs;1 Cotton Mattress;1 Marble Top Walnut Dresser;1 Marble Top Walnut Washstand;3 Center Tables;2 Kitchen Tables;1 Bethooven Organ;1 Folding Bed, Oak;12 Chairs;3 Bookcases;2 Parlor Rockers;1 Gasoline Cook Stove;1 Coal Oil Heater;1 Roll Top Desk;Numerous small articles.Terms made known on day of sale.MRS. C. D. C. MEBANE,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer,(july 7-11-14)CAHAL BROS.BABBEB SHOP-WHITE BARBEES-1-uflNittlivfiMAdministrator's Notice !All persons havingfclainis againstthe estate of Dr. J. W. Mebane, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned administrator, for adjustment and payment.All such claims not presented within the legal limit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Dr. J. W.Mebane, deceased, are hereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness.MRS. C. D. C. MEBANE, 'Adm'r of J. W. Mebane(20-3wks)Paris toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Parii6:007:008:009:0010:0011:0012:001:002:003:004:005:006:Qt7:M9:1011:00a. m.a. m.a. m.a. nua. aa. m.m.p. m.p. m.P. m.P.P-vj'9. m.P. m.p. m.p. nx.Caih Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54cCommutation 52 trip monthly book,IU.O0. Tickets, single trip, or intemntities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTIOffMNAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TEA-FAIRXTRADERSRANKAdministrator's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Phoebe A. Shackleford, deceased, are hereby notifiedto present same, properly proven,as required by law, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment. All such claimsnot presented within the legal limitprescribed by law, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs. PhoebeA. Shackleford, deceased, are herebynotified to cfall upon the undersigned Administrators, and makefull and satisfactory payment ofsuch indebtedness.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST COMPANY,Admr's Mrs. Phoebe A. Shackleford.(20-3wks)PARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916ICAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00(OFFICERSFrank P. Riser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. TQJHitohell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921!?vCapital S150.000.00Surplus and Profits 122,500.00Stockholders Liabilities 151.000.00Protection to Depositors , S422.500.00Established 1851Peoples Deposit BankC& Trust Co.IParis, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, Preeident C. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pree.-CashierGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres. GEO. L. DOYLE,Assisent OashieROBT. METEER.- Vice.Pres.Vi;mfaOTscCTHE UN.CfT.RSAL CATl 40 Car Deliveredin JaneDid You Get Yours?If Not, Why Not?It may be that you did not know howeasy it is to buy a car.Do not put it off, but come now whileyou can get these liberal terms.$146.00 down and the rest in twelvemonths buys you a car.Enjoy your car while paying for it.Why hesitate?RUGGLES;ayJ'S'. tm-tMOTOR COMPANY.- MX ifV .15 C jJfr"t SpjMOT Jam COED BAT1ImmmmmmmmmmmmmT,TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1922.r,- . . -rTHE BOURBON -NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAMtTSttSr-i -0TEACHERS, TAKE THE LOCALPAPERV&AGE SEDUCTIONS ARE CALLEDWRONGtp rnn -mpmi rnrmpv in "boon.Vinnl" thf lnnnl TiaTifvr is Tint nccon- Itial. If, on the other hand, you area real, honest to-goodness teacher(and therefore a leader) the localpaper is one of the tools that youmust have.You should supply the pupils fromfresh living water and not from astagnant pool. Hence you will needthe local paper with which to illustrate civics, geography, currentevents, etc.Then, too, you must rememberthat nine times out of ten the oneperson who will take the time to cooperate with you is the editor of thelocal paper. He is not mercenary.or he would have chosen anothercalling. He, like you, is interestedin everything for the goqd of thepeople. He may make mistakes,and doubtless will, but his heart isin the right place. He is anxiousto do everything possible for youand your school, but he is a veryJsusy rnan, often overworked and underpaid. - - ' ----When you arrive in town youshould let everything go until youhave looked up the editor and givenhim your subscription. There's noexcuse to neglect this moral support that you owe to your bestfriend. You may be broke. Tell theeditor. You will get his sympathy.No one has been there more oftenerthan he, and nothing will pleasehim more than to send the paperuntil you get a check.Should you have a hard community get the patrons to subscribefor the local paper. You may restassured that a small per cent ofsuch communities take their paper.Thus you will show your leadership by co-operating with the mostinfluential factor of your community. Kentucky School News.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has "been done not only oncejbut in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral "Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.USERS OE ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,Assertion that "a wage reduction policy is wrong in every wayand unnecessary" was made by WillI. Ohmer, of Chicago, chairman ofthe Board of the Associated MotorIndustries, an automobile mergerembracing seven cars and trucksand including the Kentucky WagonWorks of Louisville. Outlining hiswage policy, Mr. Ohmer said:"Everybody should join now inharmonious work for productionand prosperity for all. Talk ofwage reduction is entirely out ofharmony. Where is prosperity ifthere is wage reduction? We arebuilding up now and not tearingdown."We believe that wage workersshould have the -opportunity to earnmore wages instead of less. Talk ofcutting down wages of. workingmenand women is the most harmfultalk that could be indulged in now."What this country and theworld wants is harmony, mutualgood will, confidence and greaterproduction. Wage reduction canonly produce discontent, pessimismand limited production."The essential argument is thatwage reduction is- not necessary,but, on the contrary, is the verything that would defeat what isnecessary, namely efficient production. "Reduction of costs should not bebrought about by reduction ofwages. What the times call for issuperior methods of manufacture,not wage cutting."We are going to have prosperityand, in fact, it is here now. Sodon't let us spoil everything bywage reduction talk. We don't wantless wages for the workers wewe want more wages and we wantto make the opening greater forthem to earn more."POPULAR EDITOR HEADS STATE"PRESS GANG"DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICALRedpath'Chautauqua7 Big Days- O Attractions - O10 including XOTwo Notable Comedies"Turn to theRight5and"FriendlyEnemies"Lieurance'slittle SymphonyOrchestraCollegianMale QuartetIrene StolofskyandAssisting ArtistsMontagueLight Opera SingersVierra's HawaiiansCramer-Kurz TrioJess PughFun SpecialistGemmill B. Senff, editor of theMt. Sterling Sentinel-Democrat, waselected president of the KentuckyPress Association at its concludingsession at Crab Orchard, succeedingW. L. Dawson, editor of the OldhamEra, at La Grange.Mr. Sneff was vice-president oftthe K. P. A. last year and chairmanof its Legislative Committee. Tohis work in the latter capacity is attributed much of the success ofnewspapers of the State in gettingthrough the General Assembly thelaw classifying newspaper plants asmanufactories and exempting themfrom all taxation except for Statepurposes. Mr. Senff is one of themost popular editors in the State.The only invitation yet receivedby the press association for nextyear's meeting is one from theFrankfort Chamber of Commerce.This informed the Executive Committee ot the association that theNew Capitol Hotel would be completed by this time and would beready to take care of the delegates.POULTRY, BUTTER AND EGGSMARKETSMovement of live poultry has beenheavier than usual for this time ofthe year and as the demand fordressed poultry has fallen off tosome extent, prices have worked toa lower level. It is the opinion ofsome of the trade that prices forpoultry during the past few yearshave been higher relatively thanfor other kinds of meat, and forthat reason, somev are predictinglower values for all kinds of poultryfor the entire season.The quality of eggs being shippedat the present time is somewhatbetter than a week or two ago, onaccount of more favorable weather,The supply arriving at consumingmarkets is still greater than the de- Imand, and surplus stocks are goingto storage, indications point to anextremely large surplus in storageJuly 1, over the same period lastyear, and the trade generally looksfor reasonable values to continuethroughout the remainder of theyear.Butter production is showing further decrease on account of pasturage conditions, but as there wereheavy rains throughout a large portion of the producing territory lastweek, the decrease from now onshould be more gradual. The demand continues good for butter forconsuming purposes and for storage.The export demand which existed afew weeks ago, has, for the presentbeen taken care of.Children's ProgramsNotable Lectures onTimely ThemesSEASON TICKETS $2.75m "CIAUTAUttUA 1JURY DISAGREES IN THE COHENCASECharles Cohen, Lexington, merchant, on trial for shooting andwounding Jos. W. Porter' last November, again was liberated on $5,000 bond, when the jury trying thecase was dismissed by Circuit JudgeR. C. Stoll after reporting thatthere was no hope of reaching anagreement.It was reported that the jurystood ten for conviction and two foracquittal in the final balloting. Twomembers whp voted for an acquittalon the first ballot went over forconviction before the balloting ended, it was said.At Cohen's first trial last Aprilthe jury reported that it was hopePERSONALSMrs. John Pridemore, of Hutchison, is sojourning at Martinsville,Indiana.Master John Craig is visitingrelatives and friends in Georgetownand Versailles.John "Wright, of near Hutchison, has gone to Martinsville, Indiana, for a ten-days' stay.Miss Gladys Gorham has returned to her home in Louisville after avisit to Mrs. Redmon Talbott.Charles Grinnan, formerly ofParis, now residing in Lexington,was a business visitor in Paris yesterday. Senator and Mrs. Leslie Worthington, of Maysville, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. E. P. Claybrook, nearHutchison.Chester Young has gone to Pittsburg, Pa., where he has taken a position with the Armstrong Cork andInsulating Co.Mrs. Garrett Jefferson has returned from a visit to Mrs. LeslieSmoot, in Maysville.Misses Irene Gantley and Gertrude Downey, of Maysville, areguests of relatives in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Letton, ofnear Paris, are guests of their son,Thomas Letton, and family, in Hazard, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Tilford LeedsGraham have returned to Louisville,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Redmon Talbott.' Mis. M. E. Gutman and littledaughter, Doris Elaine, left Saturday evening for Columbus, Ga., tovisit her parents.Mrs. Susie Conley, of Ludlow,is visiting her brother, Geo. McWilliams, and family, at their homeon Higgins avenue.Mrs. Archibald McGlasson andson, Jack, of Cincinnati, are visitingMr. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell and other relatives in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John P. Maherand Miss Julia Margaret Calnan arevisiting Mrs. J. T. Calnan and MissMary Calnan, formerly of Paris.Miss Carolyn Berry has arriv-ied from New York for a visit to hersister, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, andMr. Lowry, at their home on Stoneravenue.Mrs. Irving Kiliam and littledaughter, Virginia, of Milwaukee,Wis., are visiting the former'smother, Mrs. Albert C. Wachs, onTenth street.Mrs. Columbia White, of Midway, prominent Red Cross worker,was a guest Saturday of Miss InezCaudill, Secretary of the BourbonCounty Red Cross Chapter.Woodford Mansfield and MissFrances Mansfield, of Cynthiana,are guests of their grandmother,Mrs. Fannie Cummins, on the Humeand Bedford pike, near Paris.Miss Josephine Hayden, who iswith a party making a three months'tour of Europe, cabled her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, ofParis, announcing her safe arrivalat Glasgow, Scotland.Mr. M. E. Guttman, of TheLeader Department Store, left Sunday evening for New York and theEastern markets to purchase fallready-to-wear goods.Rev. Dr. F. W. Eberhardt, pastor of the Georgetown Baptistchurch, will spend his summer vacation with relatives at Shawhan.Miss Corilla Eberhardt has gone toNew York to attend the summerschool at Columbia University.Prof, and Mrs. R. A. Hunt havereturned to Nicholasville after avisit to Supt. and Mrs. J. MolerMcVey, in Paris. Prof. Hunt willbe a member of the Bourbon CountyHigh School faculty at Millersburgnext fall.Mrs. Clara Becker and FrankHill, of Versailles, are assisting inthe Drury Bakery Co. during the illness of Mrs. J. Fred Hill, who recently underwent an operation atthe Woodford County Hospital, inVersailles.Mrs. M. J. Murphy, Miss Catherine Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. EarlSwearenger and daughter, AnneElizabeth, and Miss Helen Lavin leftyesterday for a motor trip throughOhio, Indiana and Illinois, withChicago as their ultimate destina-jtion. jMiss Grace Cruickshank and ,Mrs. Howard B. Carr, representing!the Paris Community Service, attended the party given on the lawnat Hopewell church Saturday afternoon, and supervised the games and jstunts which were a part of theprogram.Miss Lavinia Layson, of Millersburg, Mrs. Laura Wiggins, ofHutchison, and Mrs. Edna McMillan, of Paris, are members of theBowmar party making a tour of theiEast. The toursists' itinerary willtake in Atlantic City, New YorkCity, a trip up the Hudson Riverto West Point, Philadelphia, Washington, D." C, including a trip toMt. Vernon, and back to theirhomes about July 19.A party of four from Michigan,composed of C. H. Clement, of Sheridan, J. W. Clement, of Kalamazoo,Chas Clement, of Colon, and J. H.Clement, of Painwell were in Parisseveral days, the past week. Theywere returning to Michigan from amotor trip to Green River Bridge,near Lebanon, where two of the party, Charles and C. N. Clement,Union veterans, attended the fiftieth anniversary of the battle foughtthere in which they participated onFARMlessly deadlocked and was discharged after many hours of deliberation. ! juiy 4. 1863. -Thy were greatly)Th final hslW nn ," " ,. I.x ' --. uvwwu. "situ aw uieasea wiwn me diuckihbb xckiuuLots forYour MoneyShould Not Tempt YouUSECALUMETThe Economy RAKING POWDERThat's What Millions of Housewives DoThey know that Good .Baking Powder can't besold for less; that "Morefor the Money" meansbake -day failures, wasteof time and money; thatCalumet means economy. vThe World's Greatest Baking Powder0VSrW fCBAKING POWDERYa101" Mae by a trustV-H mmV CONTENTS 1 1 KFC'ETW.NOPOWOBEST BY TESTTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Par is, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.KentuckyJoint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Bldg.Lexington, Ky.LOANSLEE TIRE & RUBBER CO.OF NEW YORK (Inc.)ANNOUNCETHE HIGH STREETMOTOR CO.FOURTH AND HIGH STREETSAS DISTRIBUTORS FOR 'BOURBON COUNTYFOR THELEEPuncture ProofCord Tires and TubesA complete stock of all sizes Puncture Proof Cords andFabrics will be carried and all LEE users are invited totry our service.REMEMBERWe pay you $3.00 or more for every puncture you get.If your time is worth anything to you it will pay youto investigate this feature of all LEE Tires.High Street MotorHOME OF DODGE BROS. CARSt'N'il J Jfc .COd jB iir-r.8r.uI9uhiiM&Izmumjssuxn-SanJSSSSn A!SdtawWW - - (OttBwoal,iJ!hBE35itUU: M U W .- X i 4V.V "hj ,kftliVf,V'.7 i. 4AGI FOURTHK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYVL'r itAID PBODUCES MOONSHINE. Receiving iiiC.v.'iiati'm of llie suspected presence of moonshine whisky in the home of James Shack, inthe colored subprb of Claysville.Patrolman George W. Judy enlistedthe aid of the Sheriff's office and"With Sheriff M. Peale Collier, made& descent upon the suspected home.Shack was not "at home" when theofficials came to call, but a search ofthe premises revealed the presenceof nine and one-half gallons ofmoonshine whisky. Shack is atlarge, and the whisky reposes inthe strong ward in the Sheriff'soffice.Recent raids and the sudden departure of well-known "bootleggers" has tended to put a severecrimp in the illegal traffic in moonshine, and, it is alleged the stuff isbecoming very scarce.872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONENEW SECEETAEY ARRIVESMiss Inez Caudill, of Frenchburg,graduate of Berea College and specialist in Red Cross work, has assumed her duties as secretary of theBourbon County Red Cross Chapter.Miss Caudill will have her officewith the Paris Commercial Club.Miss Caudill will devote the firstweeks of her work to co-operatingwith the Bourbon Post of the American Legion, in getting former service men's claims settled and arranging for the dental clinic which willbe held in connection with theschools of the county during thecoming school year. Miss Caudillwill be assisted in her work by Mrs.Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse forthe Health and Welfare League.MILLERSBURG HOME AT PUBLICAUCTIONCol. and Mrs. C. M. Best will selltheir Millersburg property on Tuesday, July 25, at 2:30 p. m., as advertised in THE NEWS. This isconsidered to be one of the handsomest homes in that city. Read thead for description, and attend thesale. (11-14)SAYS SAUER KRAUT ISTAIN OF YOUTHEOUN-Sauer kraut will restore losthealth, bring you youth if you areold, make you beautiful if you arenot, and strong if you are weak, according to the National KrautPackers' Association convention inChicago. An intense campaign toadvertise the food value of sauerkraut and methods of raising thestandard of its product is planned.Charter No. 6323Reserve District No. 4REPORT OF CONDITION OF THEFirst National Bank of ParisAt Paris, in the State of Kentucky, at the close of Business on June30, 1922.RESOURCESCITY COUNCIL AWABDS PAVINGCONTRACTAt a recent meeting of the CityCouncil the contract for resurfacingMain street from Fourteenth, toTwentieth, was awarded to DesCognets & Co., of Lexington, for asum approximating $56,000. Thisis exclusive of that portion of thestreet between the interurbantracks for which a separate contract will be let. A wrangle in theCouncil ensuing over the letting ofthe contract, Councilmen Santen,Doyle and Mitchell forsook theCbuncilmanic abode, leaving thematter in the hands of the remaining Councilmen, who made theaward in favor of the Lexingtonfirm.The new street will be thirtyeight feet wide, with concrete curband gutter, with a grass plot oneach side of the pavement. Thecost of the improvement will beshared jointly by the city and theproperty owners. All property owners will be required to make necessary sewer, water and gas connections before the resurfacing work isbegun.BURLEY TOBACCO GROWERS' PAPER ISSUEDThe Burley Tobacco Growers'July issue is out, with 16 pages oftobacco news and advertising. J.Sherman Porter, editor and manager of the growers' publication,said that it had adopted the standard farm paper size for the future,in order to be able to carry thestandard sizeplates for national advertising. ,1 jjPresident Stone jias received letters from tlie publishers of most ofthe country newspapers in which theeditors state that the principal reason they gave support to the organization of the burley association wastheir belief that it was for the general good of all and that while theyknew the formation of the association would lose them some businessTUESDAY,, JULY' Jlr 122in local advertising, they felt thatthey would be more than compencated by the general prosperity theybelieved bound to result from cooperative marketing.Tars and tar products are fast replacing mineral oil for surfacingroads.California has 155 camping placesfor automobile- tourists.PARIS CHAUTAUQUA WILL OPENTO-MORROW1. a Loans and discounts, includingrediscounts, acceptances ofother banks, and foreign billsof exchange or drafts sold withindorsement of this bank (except those shown in b and c) .$659,279.02c Customers' libability accountof acceptance of this bank purchased or discounted by it. . . 1,715.01Total loans4..U. S. Government securities owned:a Deposited to secure circulation(U. S. bonds par value) . . . . 100,000.00b All other United States Government securities (including ypremiums, if any) 277,350:00Total5 . Other bonds, stocks, securities,etc :6. Banking House8. Lawful reserve with Federal Reserve Bank9. Items with Federal ReserveBank in process of collection . .10. Cash in vault and amount duefrom National Banks12. Exchanges for clearing house . .Total of Items 9, 10, 11, 12,and 1314. a Checks and drafts on banks(including Federal ReserveBank) located oustide of thecity or town of reporting bank,b Miscellaneous cash items . .15. Redemption fund with U. S.Treasurer and due from U. S.Treasurer16. Other assets if any ....$ 660,994.03377,350.0010,000.0012,000.0053,105.099,280.6636,126.551,742.1847,149.39514.15610.90-1,125.055,000.006,303.68To-morrow will see the openingof the annual sessions of the Redpath Chautauqua, which will be astellar attraction for Paris peopleduring the following six days, making seven days of unalloyed enjoyment in all. A force of workmenarrived Monday and at once proceded to erect the big tent of on theParis High School grounds, whichwill be the Mecca of Bourbon countypeople for several days.The program this year will beone of the 'very best that has beenoffered in many years, combining,as it does, several most distinctivefeatures that have made the Red-path Chautauqua one of the best-liked in that particular field. Theofficial program has been printed infull in the Paris papers, and givento the public through other means,and suffice it to say that it is onethat will interest, amuse and instruct everyone who attends.The program this year will be incharge of J. T. Hughes, who hashad many years experience in the iChautauqua field.oThere are no fewer than. 260 different makes and distinct models ofpassenger automobiles and motortrucks used in the United States.For the benefit of automobiletourists passing through Wisconsin,every river and stream is to bemarked by the State HighwayCommission.A small mortorcycle has beenproduced in Switzerland weighingony 32 pounds. A vacant space ina hall bedroom is ample for a garage.There is no national automobiletax in Japan.THE FAIRTotal $1,173,027.24LIABILITIES17. Capital stock paid in18. Surplus fund . .19. Undivided profits ..$20,965.10a Reserved for interestand taxes accrued.. 1,713.21 22,678.3120. Circulating notes outstanding. .Demand deposits (otheirthan bank deposits) subjectto Reserve (deposits payable within 30 days):26. Individual deposits subject tocheck30. Dividends unpaidReserve, Items 26, 27, 28, .29, 30, and 31 476,259.03-Time deposits subject to Reserve (payable after -30 daysor more notice, and postal savings) :32. Certificates of deposit (otherthan for money borrowed) ....34. Other time deposits35. Postal savings depositsTotal of time deposits subject to Reserve, Items 32, 33,34, and 35 187,780.1336. United States deposits (other than postal savings),including War Loan deposit account and depositsof United States disbursing offices39. Bills payable (including all obligations representing moneyborrowed other than rediscounts) I42. a "Acceptances" executed by ' ' , "this bank for customers, and tofurnish dollar exchangeb Less acceptances of this bankItem 1 c)44. Liabilities other than thoseabove stated$ 100,000.00100,000.0022,678.3198,797.50473,259.033,000.001,000.00186,755.7724.36SPECIAL JULY PRICES EOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY ONLY1,715.01purchased or1,715.01175,000.00discounted (see12,512.27Total $1,173,027.24State of Kentucky, County of Bourbon, ss:I, James N. W. McClure, Cashier of the above-named bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.JAMES N. W. McCLURB, Cashier.t.7'Correct Attest :W. W. HALEY,JAS. McCLURE,H. A. POWER,Directors.ulcrild anjwrm"to before me this th day of July, 122.: imuANHOUGH, i,Notary, PWic.mfcL-d4JjSNBfKf. . i-f-88Everything here is a special salevalue, away under to-day's market. Big Broom values See theseBrooms at 39c and 49c; GalvanizedWire Clothes Line, very heavy, 50feet, 35c; Floor Polishing Mops, bigvalue at $1.25, special 98c; regular 25c Bottle Floor Oil, for 19c;Threaded Cotton Floor Mops, big variety, all kinds and sizes, and at aprice you cannot duplicate elsewhere; July sale of Preserving Kettles and Dish Pans, every kind andsize to be had, with and withoutcovers; pure Aluminum Preserving Spoons, long handles, each 25c;medium size, 15c; other sizes at 5and 10 cents; Aluminum Tea Spoons6 for 10c; Mason Fruit Jars, in allsizes; Grey Granite Wash Basins,each 10c; Granite Pudding Pans. 2qt. size, each 10 c; July Sale Picnic Supplies: Paper Plates, DnikingCups, Paper Doilies, Pincnic Packages, Paper Spoons, Paper Napkins,50 in a package, for 10 cents; Julysale of Glassware Thin BlownCrystal Glass Tumblers, each 5vFancy Colonial Footed Sherbetsvery attractive, 48c a set; Ice Wa-!ter ditchers, 75c; Pitchers with covers, 59c; Fancy Cut Syrup Stands,48c; Covered Cream Pitchers, 14c;Thin Blown Ice Teas, each 10c; CutGlass Goblets $3.45 a set; exceptional value in Table Oil Cloth,(Remnant Sale) running from 1 to3 yards in a piece, assorted patternsfrom 15c to 29c a yard, all in firstclass shape, and away below regularprice. People are tired of paying war time , prices. Pricesare what count. One gallon MilkCrocks, in Brown, Blue orWhite, at 17 c each; Fly Swatters, regular 10c size, now 5c; Tanglefoot Fly Paper, 3 double sheetsxuu, uaisy jviy miners, 17 c each;;rii vampiro, tor flies, bugs, etc., in10c size, two boxes for 15c, 4 for25c. Consider this value in aWash Basin, Triple Coated, WhiteEnamel inside and out, Heavy Steel'Base, Dark Blue Edge, measur14 inches across the39c.top, onlyAVw"i '-; 'THE FAIRAUCTION SALEOFAt 2:30PValuable Property in MillersburgOne of the Finest Educational Centers of KentuckyThe Beautiful Home of Col. and Mrs. C. M. Bestwill be Offered at Public Auction onTUESDAY, JULY 25The property consists of Roselyn cottage and about two acres of ground, splendid fruitberries and vegetable gardens. The property will be sold in three pieces. 'No. 1 Consists of lot 100 foot front on Main Street and 200 feet deep. On thisplot is the two-story cottage containing hall, bed rooiri, living room, complete bath, diningroom, breakfast room, kitchen with enclosed range and large pantry, built in cupboard,shelving, etc., on first floor. Upstairs are three bedrooms, complete bath, large sleeping porch, and extra large closets in each room. Cemented cellars, heating, lightingand water system.Garage, coal and tool house, chicken house and brooders, vegetable garden, berries,grapes, apples, peaches, hardy shrubs, and flowers of all kinds and all kinds of bulbs.No. 2 Consists of fine building lot 50x200 feet adjoining county high school, formerly old M. M. I. Fine garden of growing vegetables, berries, grapes, apples, hardyshrubs and flowers. One large chicken house.j. n No Almost an acre of ground in blue grass with splendid stable containing twostalls and good sized loft. Chicken house and corn crib. This property will be offeredfor sale also as a whole.The grounds and house open for inspection at any time.SALE TUESDAY, JULY 25th, 2:30 P. M.COL,. O. 3VE- BE3ST:vSPECIAL SELLINGOFPalm Beaches, Mohairsand Tropical WorstedsThis Week OnlyOR THIS WEEK ONLY July 10th to 15lh we are offerfering our Palm Beaches, Mohairs and Tropical Worstedsat special prices. Right now, when you need a cool suitmost you can save money. These suits are all well made in popular selling styles in newest colorings and patterns. Ccme in today while we have your size and the style you want. THISSALE IS FOR CASH ONLY.$12.50 Palm Beaches cut toS9.50$15.00 Palm Beaches cut to$12.25$18.00 Mohairs cut toS15.00i.? ,- $25.00 Tropical Worsteds cutto$20.00v i- 1,- w" AaL "-' 1?"R P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreHome Phone 44-8Paris, Ky.Cumfa. Phone 806i1 1Jh3ftfCi-lfr&-triSlfjft-u:-1V-i l-ivo. , V-" . " i:. -u.TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1922.THE BOURBON NEWS PAMS KENTUCKYPAG1 WlfEVtf ta (l'GIFTS THAT LAST"gggMDON'T POBGET TO ATTENDOUR MID-SUMMER SALE. HUNDREDS ARE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE WONDERFUL LOWPRICES ON SUMMER MERCHANDISE.. FRANK & CO.SUFFERS FRACTURED RIBSA wild steer in a buncli of cattle being driven by Harvey Hibler,stockman, made a vicious attack unon him, striking Mm in the side,knocking him down, and fracturingtwo ribs. Mr. Hibler was taken- toa physician's office, and given medical attention. He is able to be out.oBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTo" PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Otheri YonDonYThe June term of Bourbon CircuitCourt, which adjourned over theFourth of July holiday, will reconvene this morning with Judge Dedman presiding, when the unfinishedbusiness will be taken up.No action was taken in the contest over the will of "Wm. C. Massie,and the case may come up thisweek. Other important cases will beconsidered.BOURBON GUN CLUBOur regular shoot will be held"Wednesday afternoon in East Paris.This is our last shoot before theState Shoot July 18, 19 and 20.The trophy for this shoot will bea fine box of cigars donated by Worack Bros, of the Sweet Shop. Youshooters please try to come just alittle bit earlier than you have beencoming. Visitors welcome all thetime.RUDOLPH DAVIS, Sect.oFORD DEALERS ATTEND LEXwr INGTON MEETINGR. C. Ruggles, of the RugglesMotor Co., attended the meeting ofFord automobile dealers in Lexington, Friday. The meeting, whichwas held in the Lafayette Hotel,was in the nature of an entertainment given by W. A. Francis, Cincinnati manager of the Ford MotorCompany. This was the first of a'series of inter-State dealers for discussion of present conditions, andorganization of Ford interests. Aboutthirty-five dealers from CentralKentucky attended the meeting.ATTEND .THE BEST SALE INMTLLERSBURGIf you want to own a valuablemodern home in Millersburg, attendthe public sale of the C. M. Bestproperty, on Tuesday, July 25, at2:30 p. m. A fine chance to get abargain in a fine home.(11-14)HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(july7 tf )oORDER JAIL REPAIREDAt a recent meeting of the Bourbon Fiscal Court a contract wasawarded to the Stewart Iron Works,of Covington, for improvements tobe made at the Paris jail. "Workwill be started as soon as the material arrives. Four cells on the firstfloor and a ten-foot corridor are included in the scheme of improvements. The cells will accommodatetwelve prisoners. Automatic lockson the inside and outside doors anda new bath room are also includedin the improvements.oNOTICE TO PROPERTY OWNERSON MAIN STREET BETWEENFOURTEENTH AND TWENTIETH STREETSWE WISH TO CO-OPERATEWITH THE CITY AND INSISTTHAT ALL PROPERTY OWNERSALONG THE NEW STREET THATHAVE NOT ALREADY GAS SERVICE AND EXPECT TO WANTGAS WITHIN THE NEXT FIVEYEARS LET US HAVE THEIR ORDERS AT ONCE, SO AS TO NOTINTERFERE WITH THE PAVING.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.oGARDEN CLUB MEETS TO-DAYThe Bourbon County GardenClub will meet at four o'clock this(Tuesday) afternoon, with Mrs. J.Simms Wilson, as host at her homeon Houston avenue. The meetingwas originally scheduled to be heldon July 13, but on account of conflicting with the Chautauqua,was changed to this afternoon. Theprogram to be observed at the meeting to-day is as follows:Hostess, Mrs. Simms Wilson1. July Flowers. Mrs. Duncan Bell2. Phlox . . . Mrs. Henry Buckner3. Study of Home Landscapeand Summer Painting .. . Mrs. Lewis Rogers4. A Selection and The Month'sReminder . . . ' Mrs. Wm. TaylorReference. "The Wild Heart." hvHoward V. Sutherlaad; Poem byTaosia Edwara Browm, amd Poemby MfrtWwell. BxMMtlra.- 8Mrs. J. V. Lytle is visiting Mrs.Brewer and Miss Louie Brewer, inWinchester.Mr. and Mrs. Louis T. Lillestonspent the week-end with relativesin Harrodsburg.Jack Owsley and Horace Sprake,of Paris, are attending the AshlandFair this week.' Miss Clara Bacon has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Ever-jette Peterson, in Maysville.Mrs. James Grinnell has returned from a visit with Miss WillieChilders, in Atlanta, Georgia.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Williamswill leave to-night for a month'sstay in Ofahoma, Mississippi.Mr. and Mrs. William A. Burrisand Mrs. Sophia Ewalt Kiser, arecamping at Boonesboro Beach.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherlandwill leave this week for a month'sstay at Lake Chautauqua, NewYork.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Shaeferhave returned to their home inNewport, after a visit to relativesin this city.Mrs. Winnie K. Ford, who hasbeen very ill at her home on Duncan avenue, for several days, is improving. John Welsh has returned to hishome in Newport, after a visit tohis parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. J.Welsh, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Withers Davis andWithers Davis, Jr., and Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig have returned froma motor trip to Louisville.Misses Sallie and Margaret Comack, of Covington, former residents of .Paris, were guests offriends in this city Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Harold Harris returned Sunday from their bridaltrip and are at home to theirfriends at their home on Cypressstreet. " "Mr. and Mrs. Floyd Mitchellhave returned to their home in Anniston, Alabama, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Leonard Tully, on Highstreet.Mrs. J. M. Alverson and attractive children will leave soon forHarlan, Ky., to join Mr. Alverson,who is publishing The Harlan Enterprise. Mrs. Percy Reed has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Cincinnati. Mr. Reed, who hasbeen on duty at Latonia, accompanied her home.Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Shouseand daughter, and Mr. Blakemore,en route to Lexington from a motortrip to Cleveland, Ohio, stoppedover in Paris to visit friends.Mrs. Tillie Brent Woodall, ofCovington, will arrive to-day to bea guest of her sister, Mrs. BelleBrent Alexander, and Mr. and Mrs.Owen L. Davis, at their home onPleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. George A. Kellerand Dr. W. J. Kiff, of Paris, attended the lawn fete and picnic dinnergiven in Lexington, by Misses Roseand Julia Margaret McKenna, inin honor of Miss Ana Mae McKenna.J. E. Carlton has returnedfrom a touring trip to Cleveland,Ohio, and Wheeling, West Va. Hewas accompanied by Mr. and Mrs.J. D. Carlton and two daughters,Misses Lillian and Augusta Carlton,of Georgetown.Misses Rebecca and ElizabthAllen Vansant have returned totheir home in Flemingsburg, after avisit to their cousins, Misses LeonaKemper and Nannie Marshall Cooper, at their home on South Mainstreet, in this city.(Other Personals on Page 3)ON THE PLAYGROUNDSNext Friday night will be "stuntnight" on the Wilson playground.Each playground will be allowed toput on one dramatic event. Brennan playground children will present the famous "Pigtail Quartette" advertised to be the only oneof its kind in captivity. A shadowgraph show, called the "Ballad ofMary Jane," will be given on theWilson play ground, with the following cast: Mary, by FrancesMaher; Father, by Bruce Gardner;Lord Mortimer, by Archie Parker.The children of the City School playground will burn "Old Man GetMad," who has been tried and convicted by the playground court.According to Miss Grace Cruickchank, Supervisor of Playgrounds, aclass in Indian basketry will bestarted on each playground thisweek. These classes will be held inthe afternoon, and are open to theolder girls or the women of thecommunity. Special instructionwill be given by the director ofplaygrounds. The raffia may be purchased from the teacher in charge.These lessons will be free, and anyone who wishes to come is urged todo so.oHAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & JPEED.(july7 tf )TROTTER TO LEXINGTONJoseph M. Hall, of Paris, has sentto Henry 'Horine, at Lexington, thethree-year-old bay colt by Guy Axworthy, out of a daughter of ToddMack. The colt was bred and isowned by Mr. Hall.oThe National Automobile Association is starting a 'campaign for 1,000,000 members within a year.FOR SALECelery Plants and Cabbage Plantsfor sale. All varieties.MRS. WM. SAUER,(ll-2t) 249 Mt. Airy Ave.FOUNDA bunch of keys on streets ofParis. Owner can have same bypaying advertising charges.SEAT COVERSFor all makes of cars. Protectyour clothing and upholstery. Writefor prices, giving make, year andmodel of car.W. C. TRESSLER,Regent Ave., Norwood, Ohio.(ll-2t)NEWS OF THE COURTSIn the County Court Judge Batterton imposed a fine of $24 on Arthur Chenault, who entered a pleaof guilty to a. charge of breach ofthe peace.The home of Boone Guy, white,on Second street, was raided bySheriff Collier and Deputy SheriffsGibson and Gilkey, and a quantityof moonshine found in the house wasconfiscated by the officers. Guywas in the house at the time, butescaped and has not been located.Dudley Harris, colored, chargedwith bootlegging who escaped fromthe Paris jail last November, andwho has been a fugitive since thattime, was captured by Lexington police during a raid on a crap game inthat city, and brought back to Parisfor trial.In County Court Saturday JudgeGeorge Batterton appointed Mrs.Lizzie Flanagan as executrix of theestate of her husband MalachiFlanagan, deceased. Mrs. Flanaganaccepted the trust, and qualified inthe sum of $500, no surety beingrequired.SOME RAIN, MORE NEEDEDLight rains and moist weather oflast week is helping the gardens andthe crops, and is welcomed by everyone. Crops are looking betterand tobacco especially is rapidlygrowing toward topping size. Thecrop is Bereral weeks earlier thanlast year., More,Hxaia J& :nded toJftlyx thingi alonr. ,WANTEDThree salesmen or salesladies.Steady work. CallC. W. MINARD,101S Main, 6 to 8 p. m.(11 2t)Mill ITNotice is hereby given that ameeting for the election of directors of the Kentucky Blue GrassSeed Growers' Association will beheld at 9 o'clock a. m. Wednesday, July 12, 1922, at the courthouse, in Lexington, Ky.All members urged to be presentor send proxy.ORGANIZATION COMMITTEEof the Kentucky Blue Grass SeedGrowers' Association.Administrator's NoticeAJl persons having claims againstthe estate of Julia Sanders, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidJulia Sanders, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedAdministrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebt-iedness.GARRETT SANDERS,Administrator of Julia Sanders, Deceased. (julyll-3wks)Ladies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at$15, $18, $25, $29Worth double value. Colors:black, brown, etc. It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINE. PARI!. KY.Beat theHeat!Get Yourself iif ISfie of Our Summer Suitsand the other necessary articles for summer wear, atlowered costs, and what's to keep you frombeing comfortable?cAll Summer Suits,Shoes, Shirts, Underwear and Shirts forMen and Boys havebeen reduced in priceto move them.LET'S GO!LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveTheOShade Made With A Ventilator!MSC&B&SSSSBHI ::f::-:-:.'-:-H Cooling 'HP :::SBKStm"V 'A.SELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINGPORCH SHADESMake your porch the most livable place about the home and do itwith VUDOR PORCH SHADES and our GOOD FURNITURE,SWINGS and RUGS. We are making very attractive prices.m. fr sAutomatic RefrigeratorsAre the BestftTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHEWPHONE 3C PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Hoars Motor InvalidSIXTH AND MAINtmifi.irliMIWW:,rr-g.'' 1FAGI8DCTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY 11, 1911.atTD1I16hN,m,RRRRRRRRRRRTRRRRRRRRrrrrVrvBIG WEEK!All over this city retail stores are showingmen hoiv to get thegreatest garter-comforttheir legs have everknown!It's Ivory Garter Weekand Ivory Garters in allstyles, colors and pricesare being displayed.Look for them! Lookat them ! And pick yourpair.From the firsttime you wear Ivory Garters you'll understand whythey have made hundredsof thousands of friends allover America.Ivories have definitelymade ' good on qualityalone! On the fact that,their simple design nometal no hot pads nobinding actually doesmake them more comfortable and longer livedthan any garter made.Buy a pair of IvoryGarters this week and letyour legs be happy everafter!IVORY GARTER CO.New Orleans, La.hm.-wjm.hjumEvery inch a garter!Birds Guard Our Trees.We can spray orchards and shade-trees with poisonous insecticides, butwe would stand aghast at the impossible task of spraying all the trees inAll the woods, says the American Forestry Magazine. "We must perforce depend on the natural enemies of insects to protect our forests. Fortunately, birds and other foes of Injects, wherever their numbers aresufficient, act as effective forestguardians.brighter;RVJ3NINGSIk 71The Colonial DameSpun her elothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does pusHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWko wants her home bright,Jut presses a battonAd has Electric light.1ltrisGattfiedHcCo.INo metal P No padf iworrt &i Bind ftP Just HistoryANCIENT SHOP SOLDNothing but Drugs Ever Sold inThis London Pharmacy.Worshipful Company of ApothecariesDisposes of Its Historic Shop In .City of London EstablishedIn Seventeenth Century.London. The Worshipful Cojapgnyof Apothecaries has sold its ancientshop to a London firm of druggists.It has been carried on by this citycompany since early in the Seventeenth century and was, as it were,the classic druggist's shop, with itsdiscreet window of frosted glass theapothecaries did not display theirwares the shop forms, the plainfacade behind which is hidden a dimold courtyard and then the hall andother rooms of the society. Almostnext door, In Water Lane, was theBlackfriars theater,, where ghakespeare and Burbage played.The society's prescriptions, formulas and special preparations manyof them centuries old are taken overby the new owners. The little factory where the society makes drugswholesale, chiefly on government orders, has not changed hands yet.The shop is a spacious place, linedwith mellow-looking old bottles,gleaming warmly with gilt and color.You look in vain for patent medicinesor any paraphernalia of the modernchemist. It is all drugs and nothingbut drugs, and people who come inwith prescriptions are usually knownand addressed by their names. Theshop is leisurely and quiet, as befitsits pedigree. Many customers aresorry that the company should be giving up Its useful service of sellingsound drugs in these days when thecity companies rarely still performtheir original functions.In the old days no apothecary couldopen a shop in the city without alicense from the Apothecaries' Hall,nor could he sell drugs that had notbeen duly tested at the hall.The old charter givs the companythe right to burn unwholesome drugsin front of the offender's door. Thecompany Is one of three bodies entitled to grant a medical degree. Inthe early Eighteenth century therewas a fierce quarrel between the physicians and the apothecaries over this,and Doctor Garth In his dispensaryspoke rudely of the Apothecaries' Hallas the place "where tyros take thefreedom out to kill."KEEPS SECRETS FOR SENATEWalter A. Johnson, not the baseballpitcher but executive clerk of theUnited States senate and custodian oiits secret transactions in executivesession. Mr. Johnson must be in possession of a great many secrets, asthe huge volume of executive proceedings for a single session of thesenate would indicate.GETS BRIDE THROUGH APPLEFlorida Man Weds Daughter of Or-chardist Who Wrote Her Nameon Wrapper.Wenatchee, Wash. A girl's name onthe wrapper of a northwest apple,read by the owner of an orangegrove In Florida, resulted In the marriage here of Amos Hemlnway, Inverness, Fla., and Beth Tilley, daughter of George Tilley, orchardist.Last fall, while packing apples onher father's ranch, Beth wrote hername and address on several wrappers and added: "Who reads this,please write."Hemingway bought the box of apples during Christmas week in Florida. He read, came and conquered.ESKIMO CENSUS BEING TAKENCanada's Mounted Police FacingHard Task Counting NosesIn Far North.Edmonton, Alberta. There probablyare not more than 3.000 Eskimos scattered across the Arctic and sub-Arcticregions of Canada, but they have to becounted to comply with the law. TheRoyal Canadian mounted police arc. still numbering these scattered tribes.Th first batch of mall received hereiifrontae Far North--shows that Im. JLvgwat" there" were 1,364 from CoronaMEXICO PICKING UPiRemarkable Progress -. BeingMade in Overcoming Illiteracy.Night Schools in Capital Have TaughtMany Persons to Read and WriteLaboring Class Is DeeplyInterested.Mexico City. Remarkable progressIs being made in overcoming IlliteracyIn the capital, according to information obtained from the department of.public education of the federal government. During the first three months of thepresent year approximately 15,000 persons of the lower class were taughtto read and write. This educationalwork Ib being carried on largely bymeans of night schools, which are ofthemselves something of a novelty inMexico.It is stated that interest on the partof the laboring class in this educational work is unbounded. They crowdthe schools to full capacity and thereare .hundreds who cannot as yet betaken care of on account of the lackof teachers and other facilities. .Menand women of middle age vie withsandal-footed youths to obtain enoughinstruction to enable them to read andwrite. In one of the larger schoolsthere is an average attendance of 800persons.The teaching of the fundamentals,which is being done in the schools, issupplemented by a series of educational lectures that are given in moving picture theaters on Sundays. Sosuccessful has -been this plan of teaching the lowly natives the rudimentsof reading and writing in this citythat the department of public education plans to extend tne work to allof the larger cities and many of thesmaller communities of the country.President Alvaro Obregon hasshown a keen interest in this newphase of education and has pledgedto provide the necessary financialmeans for carrying it forward.GRANDMAS GETTING YOUNGERMrs. Mary McKee and Mrs. ClaraMorris, both sixty years young, asthey appeared at the start of their260-mile hike from St. Paul, Minn., toSioux City, Iowa. Both women areexperienced hikers, having walkedfrom eight to ten miles every day during the winter. 'STUNG BY BEE, DIES IN HOURApoplexy Following 8hock Kills NewJersey Farmer Afflicted WithWeak Heart.Caldwell, N. J. Stung on the righttemple by a honey bee Harry Collerd,a farmer living four miles from here,died half an hour later. After returning from town, where several of hisfriends remarked that he seemed inperfect health, Mr. Collerd beganchopping wood. A few minutes laterhe hurried to the house, telling hisWife that he had been stung by a bee.Mrs. CoHerd discovered the stingerand extracted it. As her husband'spain seemed to Increase she set outfor the nearest house to telephone fora physician while his sister, Miss Matilda Collerd, applied first aid.The sick man's neck began to swell.He soon lapsed into unconsciousnessand died before a physician arrived.Coroner Thomas J. Lewis said deathwas due to a stroke of apoplexycaused by the shock of the Insect'ssting and, a weak heart.BURY WOMAN WITH 2 PILLOWSNew York Spinster Provided $1 Eachfor Relatives; Gives Moneyto Cripples.New York. The will of Miss MaryE. Connors, sixty:four, directing herfriend and executor, Mrs. KatherineRees, to bury her in a single gravewith an extra pillow under her headand to see that no carriages followedthe hearse, was filed for probate inthe surrogate's court.In the event of any relatives beingdiscovered she directed that $1 begiven each "because during life theyhad no affection for. me," No relatives have been heard of by Mrs. Bees,and under ths will the residue of MissOoanors' ttatt after JaT-jftw bequeststo friends, will go to the Hospital forNEEDFUL KNOWLEDGEParis People Should Learn to De-tect the Approach of KidneyDiseaseThe symptoms of kidney troubleare many. Disordered kidneys oftenexcreate a thick, cloudy,, offensiveurine, full of sediment, irregular ofpassage or attended by a sensationof scalding. The back may ache,headaches and dizzy spells may occur and the victim is often weighteddown by a feeling of languor and fatigue. Neglect these warnings andthere is danger: Delay often provesfatal.You can use no better endorsedkidney remedy than Doan's KidneyPills. Here's Paris proof of theirmerit.Joe Kiely, proprietor shoe repairshop, 617 Ferguson street, -says:"Doan's Kidney Pills did me aworld of good and I take pleasurein recommending them to anyonesuffering with kidney trouble. I wasa sufferer from kidney complaintand my back ached most of thetime. My kidneys were weak andthe secretions were highly coloredand contained sediment. I lost mysleep at night as there was" no let upto the pain in my back. I got fourboxes of Doan's Kidney Pills at Ardery's Drug Store and used them.They rid me of the trouble entirely." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Kiely had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)oA MOUNTAIN HERO'S GRAVEMARKEDHe has written his name where allcan read, and at no time can humanhands efface." Thus reads a portionof an inscription which appears on amarker which will be erected at thegrave of Henry Hurst (1762-1844),on a mountain top near the watersof Wolf creek, at the corner ofBreathitt, Morgan and Wolf counties. Henry Hurst was a revolutionary soldier (the great grandfatherof Sam K. Kash, of Corbin), andhad some remarkable experiences inthat war. He was captured by theenemy on four different occasions,making his escape after slaying hisguard or guards, being a captiveonly a short time. He fired andblew up one of Cornwallis' magazines near Trenton and did otherdaring deeds to harrass the enemy.After the close of the war youngHurst came to Kentucky and settledin the eastern part of the State, andlived until 1844. His wishes to beburied on the mountain topwere carried out. The erection of the marker monument is at the instance of hisgreat grandson, Sam K. Kash, whois at present holding a governmentposition in Washington, and whowas present at the exercises at thegrave on July 4, on which occasionhe delivered an appropriate orationat the resting place of his ancestorwho was laid to rest there seventy-eight years ago.ASPIRINInsist on Bayer PackageUnless you see the name ''Bayer"on package 'or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-two years and proved safo bymillions for 'Colds HeadacheToothache LumbagoEarache RheumatismNeuralgia Pain, Pain.Accept only "Bayer" packagewhich contains proper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costfew cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)Horned Owl Is Powerful.The great horned owl. a typicalwoodland bird, is, says the AmericanForestry Magazine, the most powerfulof them all. only inferior in strengthand fierceness to the eagle.Ends Your Liver TroublesMakes Life Worth Lmns;.lor Sletby' tprtjtki Swtiip.Dnc. Jomjoy.MenWantedThis Company will hire experienced shopcraft mechanics and shop laborers and furnishthem work at rates prescribed by the UnitedStates Railroad Labor Board, beginning at once.Apply to W. E. Hunter, Master Mechanic,Covington, Ky., orE. H. Gorey, General Foreman, Paris Ky.Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co.HIMHMMHil 'GEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night137 299ltmiMHtHH'HtWWilHtMMMIHIIFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYi;When Looking ForGOOD PAINTAt the Lowest Possible PricesGive Us a CallWe carry everything in the Paintand Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,x Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.vWe're also Contracting Paintersand Paper Hangers. Let us figure on your next job.KANE BROS.AGENTS FOR THE FOY PAINTSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumbtrland Phone 1017 Home Phont 399LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery Servicetf)-m - Storage SupfrtlcsiJh$M to tb Alaeksn boundary.&&':jSfcVt.JUpCursd-tad tJpMp.- s ,.-VTUESDAY, JULY 11, 1922.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKY:&.-' llllMHIIIMIIIIIIIMUmrHiK 'fHHBBBIMHHBHBBHE" .ST JESS .'v i?3P f 31 'I'i! . ? c3I BrownieV V With 3Gillttti Mrtss HIEverywhere! For$la Igenuine Gillette using If ie same ine Gillette Now at I -Baces aff I "Dealers IThe "Brownie" made by . IHI Gillette guaranteed by ff I -1 Gillette " i N II J Complete with 3 blades-$l. jjS i Q IS I GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO. J? I Q Z j ISi Boston, U.S.A. f ?C (IO I( No blades like if gvi III e genuine V I iOS II Gillette Blades sjj IButtercup Seeds as Food.. The seeds of the buttercup are soraw 11 that we would scarcely think ofthem as a source of food for humanbelnjrs; yet It is said that the Indiansformerly gathered them for that purpose At first thought, collecting themin sufficient quantity would seem likean almost endless task. But afterone has seen them growing as thicklyas srain as in the cases above referrod to, for instance the situationtakes on a new light Los AngelesEminent Violinist- Artists Coming&Irene Stolofsky andrIrene Stolofsky, eminent violinist, who, with two assisting artists, will ap-.jear here at the coming Redpath Chautauqua, has captivated audiences In allparts of the United States. Metropolitan newspapers and music journalsthroughout the country accord most enthusiastic praise to her musicianship.'Hugh Dimond, former concert master of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra,proclaims her one of the musical sensations of the present generation. Inaddition to her concert work she has made numerous phonograph records.1 Assisting Miss Stolofsky will be George Imbrle, noted baritone, togetherwith an accomplished pianist The program will be one of unusual variety,selections of worth, bothj vocal and Instrumental, being Interspersed with favorite lighter numbers.tWell-Known Collegian Male QuartetHere af ChaufaequawLmmmMLmTBatiLmW '? iHt ' mW&s- iMBmUmmmmmmmWLmmmmWWW9ff?vlmf iz PWtmmmBBBHBJsBr-'''B BBBBSB ' Wf: ,yHBJBjEflBBMB5ri IwwWTBMr. ..fjliMffBlwESsnA ssHuvli' iBfBBBBBuf BBBBriirBlftHfcwlfi' 9BC4''BBBBH LWrnWrmmT '"'' !SsSSmir9BBulK mnlSISmtM' VIbbbT KF'WJ'BSwKfmSiWK islBBBS BBwBBBBbBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBbSBbBBBBBbV BBBt 4pI The well-known Collegian Male Quartet will be one of the popular attracBttot at the coming Redpath Chaatauqua here. The .members of this notablt(offanlxatioo are exceptional singers, but they are also splendidly .accomplisheda brass amartet. TMsy Jaave naaa4 pUytaff are exceptional. They are capital entertainLess Costly Dealing."The portrait painter charged me$1,000 to do me in oil," said the manwho had just cleaned up in the stockmarket "You get off cheap," replied,the man who had been on the losingside. "In the future I think I'll havemy dealings with a painter instead ofa broker."Apparatus Aerates Water.Motor-driven apparatus has been invented to aerate the water in a bathtub or fill it with medicjirod tramps;.and Assistingat the ChautauquaAssisting Artists.long experience together and- thtir sGroup of F. .opfccrs Live inBamboo Forest and TeaohLore of Far East.SCHOOL IN A TEA GARDENBut a forslffw Language May Also BsLfjrnftd by Dancing Head Phil-osophsr Finds Corns "PromFamous Family.New York. Not many people knowthat among the many interestingthings which develop In New Yorkcity Is a group of Chinese philosopherswho dwell in a bamboo forest. Knowing that the forest Is on Macdougalstreet helps, for many interestingthings qpme out of Macdougal streetThe head of the philosophic group isDr. Liu Tien Tao, who received degrees both in China and. at Columbia,and who, once & week, may be, foimdimparting knowledge of Chinese language, philosophy and poetry to agroup of students. These include artists, writers and Chinese students.The Chinese in themselves are interesting, for they come f rom differentparts of the world, where they havelived since leaving their native land.One speaks French and does not understand English ; another speaks Russian. Teach Chinese.Chinese is taught by Doctor Liu in asemi-popular way, much as the European languages are taught. It is comparatively simple to obtain a slightworking knowledge of the language,the students find. The delight of writing mysterious characters such asthose which grow on tea chests isone of which the pupils never tire. Intime they expect to a certain extentto read Chinese poetry and philosophy.In the meantime they imbibe It fromDoctor Liu, who later is to arrangespecial courses in Chinese poetry andphilosophy, with the aid of lecturersfrom Columbia.Doctor Liu believes that his work isvaluable In promoting mutual understanding between Chinese and Americans. He thinks each country can obtain of the other something of valuewhich it needsr that China can getpractical business methods from America and America can feel the quietinginfluence of Chinese philosophy.In the meantime, the American students of Chinese are absorbing knowledge literally In a bamboo forest. Itis something like Shakespeare's"tongues in trees, books in runningbrooks." At the Bamboo Forest thestudents read if they can make It outChinese poetry written on lacqueredtables, some of it by great nationalpoets and other verses contributed byDoctor Liu himself. Big decorativeChinese characters signifying "happiness" or "wisdom" cover the walls orthe bamboo poles which form the forest.In Bamboo Forest.This forest Is a Chinese tea gardenwhich, with American business vision,Doctor Liu saw would have to payoverhead charges while he was carrying on his chosen work and gatheringaround him as applicants for Chinesewisdom little coteries of Interestedphilosophers and friends. The tablescovered with Chinese characters wereall decorated by the head philosopherhimself.The Bamboo Forest Is Indoors In abasement of the little old Macdougalstreet house In winter, but in fairweather extends to a more real bamboo forest in the open at the rear.Doctor Liu is a philosophic philosopher. He takes the American world ashe finds It and adopts its customs andhabits. He attended the recent ballof the Independent Artists at the Waldorf dressed as a prince of the oldTang period. But he danced Americandances with the rest of the Americanworld, an accomplishment he learnedwhile at Columbia.The head philosopher of the BambooForest comes from a family of bothstudents and warriors. His father waspresident of a Chinese college, and anuncle, the famous Gen. Hwang Hsing,led the republican forces in the revolution in China in 1912.Young Hog's Great Weight.Green Bay, Wis. 3". Gabriel Townof Brazeau, exhibited at the Farmers'Institute in Klondike a 'strip of fleshfrom a twenty-month-old hog raisedon his farm that tipped the scales whenalive at 1,017 pounds and when dressedat 717 pounds. The strip was cutfrom the back of the porker and waseight Inches thick without the bone.The hog was a cross between a Poland China and a Chester White. Thehog was fed only corn the last twomonths it was alive.."UtmtiiiMiiiuMnMMHiimiMiimiiiiin ttmiiiiiitmimiiiiiitiniimmiiiiiiiilitmitiiittiiiiiillimit M,iI Lightning Kills Troutin New York State PondWashington. An interestingletter was received by the fisheries bureau the other day fromB. H. Norton of Syracuse, whoseponds were stocked with troutfry by he bureau a wfclle ago.It reads: 4 -"We have been very successfulIn raising the trout allotted to Ius. Th oaly losawe have had Iwas onetroal that was stnrckby Ugtitnlnl"' ; "-The following iniei erring factsabout the Kentucky teachersenrolled at -org Peabod- .ot3for Teachers, Nasa.,.., . .lessee,have recently been prepared forTHE BOURBON NEWS:Of the one hundred and six teachers in attendance from the State ofKentucky, fifty eight are collegegraduates. Representing Berea College is one graduate; Bethel College, Mopkinsville, Ky., one; Bowling Green State Normal School,twenty-one; Carson-Newman College, -Tennessee, one; Chicago, H.,Kindergarten School, one; Danville,Ky., College for Women, one;Frenso Cal., Normal School, one;Georgetown University , three; Kentucky State University, one; LanierUniversity, Ga., one; Livingston,Ala., State Normal School, two; Logan College, three; Louisville Kindergarten Training School, one; TheMiddle Tennessee State NormalSchool, one; Millersburg, Ky., College, one; George Peabody Collegefor Teachers, two; Richmond, Ky.,State Normal School, five; Vanderbilt University, two; Wesleyan College, one; Western, College, Ohio,two.The majority of the students enrolled from the State of Kentuckyare experienced teachers. Duringthe school year twenty-eight ofthese men and women are administrators of public education; five arecollege instructors; thirty-four areteachers of high school subjects, andseventeen are teachers of primaryand grammar grades. Seven did notmention the type of work they aredoing; and fifteen failed to indicate that they are teaching.TWENTY-SIX COUNTIES LACKING TAX RETURNSTwenty-six of the 120 counties inKentucky, either have not sent intheir tax returns for ths year, orhave failed to meet increases ordered by the State Tax Commission, itwas announced at the office of thecommission, in Frankfort. Recapitulations from 11 others have notbeen approved, pending the outcomeof appeals from the assessmentsmade by the tax supervisors.It is regarded here as probablethat some of the counties whichhave not yet made their returns tothe Commission were awaiting therecent decision" of the Court of Appeals in which it was held that thecounties must meet increases ordered by the Commission. All of thecounties which "revolted" againstthe commission and backed the Fayette county suit, are among thosestill out.The counties from which returnshave not yet been received are:Adair) Anderson, Ballard, Bath,Bourbon, Boyle, Carlisle, Clark, Crittenden, Fayette, Graves, Hardin,Knott, Larue, Madison, Marion,Marshal, McCracken, Mercer, Montgomery Owen, Pike, Powell, Scott,Union and Webster.LIBEL SUIT AGAINST LEXINGTON HERALDCircuit Judge William C. Halbertfiled suit at Catlettsburg, Saturday,against the Lexington Herald Company and Desha Breckinridge, president of the company and editor ofThe Herald, for $50,000.The suit is based upon an editorial in The Herald of June 28, headed, "Let the Judge Answer at theBar of Justice." Attorneys forJudge Halbert are George B. Martin, of Catlettsburg, and S. S. Willis,of Ashland.The editorial was in regard to thetrial of the Clayhole' election cases.The cases were transferred fromBreathitt county to the Boyd county Circuit Court and Judge Halbert presided over the trial of theelection cases.RACING COMMISSIONFALL DATESFILESThe Kentucky State Racing Commission Saturday allotted fifty onedays for the fall Kentucky racemeetings to be held at Louisville,Lexington and Latonia. ,Ten days were allotted to Louisville, opening August 30, continuing until September 9.Lexington with ten days will startSaturday, September 16, and closeSeptember 27.Latonia is given thirty-one days,the opening day being September30, closing' November 4.ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of -the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.How Halifax Got Its Name.Halifax, the capital of Nova Scotia,founded by Lord Cornwallis in 1749,is named after the earl of Halifax, theEnglish statesman who served hiscountry in the house of commons andhouse of lords from 1688 until hisdeath in 1715. In England, the, city ofHalifax is -of coasiderable Importanceas a market town.. Besr Car-ritr MgMrTim oaaticarrssr pigomisd--sfly 600 nilea la 12 sours ixum wvawWe HandleElectricalElectrfcjWashing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKindt of Bulbs, Etc.3?'Gas Heaters.All Sizes' and Prices. Gas Logs Tand GrateThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSEAm.illMIMIII I1IIIII1IIM IltllllllllllllfiThe Quickest WaySave time and energy during the warm weatherby installing a HOME TELEPHONE in your residence. Just remove the receiver from the hookand you will find our courteous operators at yourservice.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Cq.IncorporatedvieiXSEX;1Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 , West Fifh StreetfefcK j4&l . (&ii'jBlSSKsKfc: U1 IT -issaw SmWz?&'jS1mm?AirsVMsVK 5l-ttiTiill I I I VAbIbW I BTWfcs(WalsKHH V J &m&M llX--. sy4v( 7 vsVsVm l t3-3tvR: - JBBsTTfSSft?f 1 Jk. '8STl A IThe Bourbon LaundryParis,!X.1IN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourUiprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.Two -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSSt, NaSr Mai.All Kinds oflNovelties-1I: s a :iXSXMXlI SATISFACTIONM OUR WATCHWORD!'. i With all the latest imnrove-l'Tf ments in laundry appliancesr and expert helpers we are5,1 Y11iT-l-'l;l fry Ar Trrfinlr im-Caror to none an solicityour patronage.KentuckytXothPUis i"VilliLi"C1 Is'rtass,art,sai?t,tt,be;a-Jnwlral-,tnd stsftali-:Mr-.au-&. .tWf. '-..;-aT'ec:;!'v-s.vji-e't,citai5rittmtiaBV'v v : y?r- 'xSV-5srfp: J,;-. tJ&-&lJIHliWWiwiaiajjiMWinouL j a h.."-.-v.wMmIHEEE- s.r PAGE EIGHT1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, JULY, 11, HI.MILLERSBURGifIstamting News Items From Bourj. on County's College Town' Miss Sue Bascom is visitingrelatives in Owingsville.Mrs. Nannie Linville, of Covington, is visiting friends here.Mrs. Jas. Hutsell visited relattres In Mt. Sterling the past week.Mr. H. C. Lee, of Brooksville,visited Miss Margaret Wood thisweek.Capt. J. B. Poole made a busiwmk trip to Cincinnati the oastweek.Miss Julia Howe, of Covington,is visiting her sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller.Mr. Bedford Pogue, of, Chicago,is visiting his parents, Mr. andMrs. Ed. Pogue.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Allen anddaughter, Elizabeth, are visitingrelatives in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. W. B. Payne and daughter,Bess, of Cynthiana, visited Mr. andMrs. J. T. Judy, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Thomasonvisited their daughter, Mrs. BertMcClintock, in Paris, Friday.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Brown, ofFITFORMSummer TimeIs HereWe have clothes for theoccasion. -Not alone arethey cool, but fit andare attractive.Palm Beach Suits$12.50 to $15.00Gabardine Suits$25 $30 $32.50 $35Mohair Suits$15.00$ to 25.00Straw Hats$2.00 $5.00Collar AttachedShirts$1.00 $5.00Price & Co.ClothiersCynthiana, visited the latter'imother, Mrs. H. P. Patterson, Sunday. Mr. and Mrs. Frank JHenry, ofCarlisle, spent Sunday with the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. H.Kerr.Misses Carolyn, Alice and SarahMiller Best are visiting their uncle, Dr. I. D. Best, and family, inLexington.Mrs. J. T. Jefferson and Mrs.Atta Young visited Mrs. Mahala Be-craft, Thursday, who is criticallyill at her home in Carlisle.Misses Charlotte and Margaret,Redmon entertained a number oftheir little friends with a lawnparty on Tuesday afternoon.Miss Elizabeth Pruitt who istaking a business course at the Fu-gazzi School in Lexington, spentthe week-end with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt.The Stanford Interior-Journalsays: "Rev. and Mrs. W. D. Welburn, of Millersburg, were recentcallers at this office. They were ontheir way to Bradfordsville to seetheir daughter, Mrs. Clyde Wlison,and grandson, Meredith Weatherford Wilson."Mr. Fritts Tune, proprietor ofdicott will open a complete line ofdicott will open a conmplete line ofdry goods, ladies' read to-wear,shoes, etc., in the store room nowoccupier by M. E. Pruitt. They expect to be ready for business by September 1st.Mrs. Fannie Norton, who foryears has been an invalid, and confined to her home, died Saturdaynight at ten o'clock. She was 84years of age. "Aunt Fannie," ateveryone called her, was a life-longmember of the Christian church,and was faithful and devout in herattendance, until affliction overtookher. The funeral was held at herhome Monday morning at teno'clock by her pastor, Dr. G. W.Nutter. The following were pallbearers, O. M. Johnson, James Burroughs, Ed. Ingels, Frank Vimont,G. S. Allen, J. B. Cray.MILLERSBURG PROPERTY ATPUBLIC AUCTIONAl2M01AND12:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c9 War Tax Inc.I (OPERA HOUSEl I , 17:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.TUESDAYRealart ProductionTUESDAYSlr'acdey -n "DAWN OF THE EAST"A white refugee caught in the fascinating web of Chinese intrigue. Amid' all the color and mystery and splendor of Oriental ..ire to stir one's blood to appeal to one's love of the beautiful SLove, adventure and intrigue in the land of the Plum Blossom A pictureunusual, from the Monsoon ' swept channels of the Yellow Sea. drifts this romance of two hemispheresAlso Mutt and Jeff Comedy, and "Don't Tickle," Cristie ComedyWednesdayFree Day Two on One AdmissionWednesday?.3oRD i" "HEART O' THE HILLS"This is the story of a little mountain girl. True to her principle, but ready to fight with fist or gun for clanSurely you will want to see this picture. "Written by Paris' own famous author, John Fox, Jr.or against oppression.Also Pathe Weekly No. 46 and "One Best Bet," Educational ComedyTHURSDAY Jesse L. Lasky Presents a George Melford Production THURSDAY"MORAN OF THE LADY LETTY" WMkSSSSS0o""iThe' tale of a girl who sailed the seas like a man, and taught a pampered son of fortune how to fight for love and lifp Tii-ful picture will be a treat. Just think, two big stars, and shining right here in Paris. wonder-csGo-Get-' Em Hutch" Serial, No, 1 O, and "Day of Old," Snub Pollard ComedyRead the display ad in this issueof THE NEWS for detailed description of the C. M. Best property, inMillersburg," which will be offeredat public auction on Tuesday, July25, at 2:30 p. m. This will be abargain for the purchaser.(,1-14)oRELIGIOUSA Besume of Events In ReligiousCircles For Iresent andFutureThe Woman's Society of the Christian church will have an all-daysewing to-day in the church parlors.Luncheon will be served and thebusiness session will be held in theafternoon.The tent meeting being conducted at Sideview by Rev. Sosbycontinues with unabated interest.The attendance continues large andthe interest grows with each meeting. The song service is a featureof the meeting.Rev. John Jay Rice, former pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, at present in charge of thecongregation of the Jonesboro, Ark.,church, has accepted a call to thepastorate of the First Presbyterianchurch at Danville. Rev. Rice willassume his new pastorate on September 1. The vacancy at Danvillewas made recently through the retirement of Rev. Dr. E. W.Green, who was pastor therefor over forty years. Rev.Rice has held pastorates at Paris,Nicholasville and Harrodsburg.DEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayGIBSONA message was received here byrelatives yesterday announcing thedeath in Venita, Oklahoma, of Wm.L. Gibson, aged about seventy-two, aformer resident of Bourbon county.The message gave no further particulars. Mr. Gibson during his residencein Bourbon, was engaged in farmingnear Little Rock. He moved Westmany years ago, and located nearVenita, where he had since resided.Mr. Gibson is survived by his widowand several children, and by the following brothers and sisters, residingin this county: Deputy Sheriff Jas.Gibson, Jos. P. Gibson, Mrs. D. L.Robbins and Mrs. Thos. Taul.(Peoples-Deposit Bank, of Paris. He corn and wheat, is earlier than forserved through the war in the in- several years, is growing rapidly,f antry, and for a long time was ' and some of the earliest setting hasstationed in the service at Vladivos- j begun to "button out." The latetock, Siberia. After the war he en- setting has improved since the rainsItered the air service, and is said to but the stand is not very good onue one ui uie xiiosu pupinar oincers account of the drouth.in that branch of the army. v I nofe 000 T,. - '. , .. . ,.J t Oats ares hort of straw and lighton neaas on account of the dryweather. Most of this crop has beenharvested. Some early potatoesi ' MMM!GALLOWAYParis relatives and friends weresurprised to learn of the marriage ofCapt. F. Emerson Galloway, formerly of Paris, which took place several days ago in Memphis, Tenn., hisbride being Miss Ruth Suggs, ofHuntsville, Alabama. The weddingwas solemnized in the apartmentsof the bride's parents, in the HotelGayoso, in Memphis, Rev. A. U.Boone, pastor of the First Baptistchurch of Memphis, officiating.Following the ceremony Capt. andMrs. Galloway, with Mr. and Mrs.Sugg, left for a short visit to Hunts-MATRIMONIALwere benefitted by the rains, but ingeneral the moisture came too lateThe crop is light in the county.There are nearly twice as manytaxicab drivers in New York City asthere are taxicabs.There are more hired automobileoperators in New York City thanthere are private owners.A Record of Dan Cupid's Doings As !The Days Go ByRUMSEY JESSE iMiss May Rumsey and Mr. Wm.Wright Jessee, both giving Lexington as their place of residence, secured a mairiage license from theoffice of County Clerk Peafce Paton,Saturday. They were marriedshorrtly after by County Judge Geo.Batterton, in his private office inthe court house. The bride is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. ChesterRumsey, and the groom is a son ofMr. and Mrs. Samuel Jessee, all ofFayette county. After the ceremmony, Mr. and Mrs. Jessee returned on the interurban to Lexingtonwhere they will reside inthe future.BOURBON FARM CONDITIONSAs a result of the rains of thepast week crops are growing rightalong, and the prospects for cornand tobacco are especially good.Practically all sections of the county have been visited by the rains.ville and will later go to Ft. Slill, A few more days will see all thenkin.. whprp the ernnm is stn tinned .wheat threshed and ready for thein the aviation branch of the U. S.Army.While visiting her sister at Columbus, Georgia, the bride and herfuture husband had their first meeting, Capt. Galloway then being stationed in infantry service at CampBenning. . It was a case of love atfirst sight, and the courtship progressed until Miss Sugg, who wasone of the society buds of Huntsville, became Mrs. Galloway.Capt. Galloway is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Grant Galloway, and abrother of Finnell Galloway, of thebuyers. The crop this season is reported as not up to the standard offormer years, and according to theopinion of well-posted farmers theyield will not average much morethan ten bushels to the acre.Most of the corn will probably be"laid by" in the next few days, anda great deal of the crop has alreadybeen given its last plowing. Thecorn is in excellent condition andmaking substantial progress. Thedrought has had some effect on theyield, however.The tobacco crop, which, like theREDUCTIONSONFINE HOSIERYFULL FASHIONED SILKS INALL COLORS THE NEWEMBROIDERED AND LACECLOCKS$3.48$2.69$1.98for valuesto $5.00for valuesto $4.00for valuesto $2.75uii4WgTViOnyx Van Raalte BontexEAPE,DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYDon't fail to behere this week.Sensational shoevalues will beoffered.SSensFtioxiaJ. Sacrificemum"m HlHiHMHHHHH H mm WM i mm imihvhhhihihBLAST!Come and seefor yourselfthese amazingshoe values thatgo in this sale !JSTOW I3ST FXJIOffering to the shoe-buying public the greatest shoe values in many years. Once again Paris' Greatest Economy Shoe Store offersyou a grand opportunity to buy footwear of merit at unheard-of price-smashing reductions. This is a great shoe sale of tremendousmoney-saving possibilities. A perfect landslide of super bargains, such as you haven't seen in recent years in this good town. Tust thinkt - i.1. ?01 1 t A 41 . f . ....... "wnai inis oaie means to you! ah tne newest summer novelties in lootwearSTRAPSSLIPPERS OXFORDSPlain and fancy styles in White Canvas, ' Patent Leathers, Tan Leathers, forevery member of the family to go in this startling Sale at sacrifice prices. ;Paris'GreatestShoeStoreDAN COHEN336 Main St.Kentucky3. bsswnk. rV.--vA1BDflBBBBBESBSSDESSEi : '.fJAfc