.(--i?&- - W -ma ---rv -J "5-' i?-" zl '" ' ,.afcj -V-5. r .w tffc - " ?, WUit. -BOURBONfs. sty v -mgjvtPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.-wlVOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY,. KENTUCKY; FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1922t4t- cNEWS& o -,n 'PxLji" 3 -THEt a-tatm.tjSSINCENDIAEIES SUSPECTED INFIKEThe one and one-half story frameresidence on Nineteenth street, occupied by Elmer Wilhoit, was badlydamaged by riVe at a late hour Monday night. The fire department wassummoned by an alarm from Box35, and upon arriving found the"house a mass ot flames. The department by hard work kept the blazeconfined to the roof and the rear otthe building, but considerable damage was done to the remainder by:fire, smoke and water. The firemenwere assisted by the neighbors insaving the greater part of the contents. The building belonged .to W. J.Kenton. The family was away fromhome at the time the fire was discovered. The origin of the fire is-unknown, but is thought to havebeen the work of incendiaries, asseveral suspicious "circumstances developed later to strengthen the theory advanced by the firemen. Theblaze was first discovered by Mrs.C. M. Brown, wife of a Louisville& Nashville conductor, who had justreturned from Cincinnati on a latetrain and was preparing to retire.Mr. Wilhoit, who is connectedwith the Rawleigh Medicine Co..had a stock of goods, valued atabout $1,000, the loss on which wascovered by insurance. His loss ongoods and household effects was' estimated at about $1,500, fully covered by insurance. The loss onthe house was estimated at $1,200,with no insurance.oFire, Wind and Iif Lining Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANWABREN STONER WINS BIGPRIZE"Warren Stoner, of Mt. Sterling,) formerly of Paris, won the ManitobaStakes, all ages, at Gainesboro,Canada, with his famous dog, MajorKidd, defeating the famous BeckyBroomhill and thirty-two others.The winning of the stake will beworth $25,000 to Mr. Stoner.NEW SEED CROPSvHEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEATBRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf)"THE PRIDEFASHIONS FAVORITES .INCOATS AND SUITSMarleen Duvel Marvello BoliviaPandora Velverette NormandyPairvelaine Poncianna YalamaTricotine Piquetine and Twill CordsFur Trimmed or PlainAll Shades- .V- ' EXCLUSIVE AGENCYBETTY WALES DRESSESandSHIRLEY FROCKS . ,Canton Crepe Spirella French' 'Boucle Crepe Satin "and' .Piquetin Tricotine and Other Nov--nelty Wool Materials . -ALL LEADING-SHADES'DEPARTMENT OTOREPARIS, KENTUCKY"BURLEY ELECTION SET FORSATURDAYSaturday, between the hours of8 a. m. and 4 yp. m. the members ofthe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association will hold theirannual election in this county.Every member of the Associationcan vote, but he must do so on an"official ballot, which will be furnished him by the officers of election. It can be voted by mail ,prsent in by a friend, if the grower is'not able to attend the election inperson.The election Saturday will beheld in every one of the organizedcounties of the Burley district. Thedelegates chosen Saturday will meetMonday in that county in each district which delivered to the Association the largest amount of tobaccoin .the past year and will elect thedirector for that district. Thereare twenty-two of the districts andtwenty-two directors elected nextMonday will elect three directors-at-large,the entire board then proceeding to the election of the officers of the association.So far as can be learned there isno opposition to any of the presentmembers of the directorate, withone Or two exceptions, or to any ofthe officers of the Association who".have conducted its business the pastyear.The elections Saturday are to beheld at the court houses in the various counties and will be in chargeof men elected at mass meetingsSeptember 2, when the candidatesfor delegates were nominated-by thegrowers themselves. Blank spacesare left on every ballot, so that thegrower may write in the names ofany persons for whom he may desireto vote, in case he does not wish tovote for candidates whose namesappear on the ballot.'Nearly 70,000 men and womenwill take -part in Saturday's electionat the offices of the association.PUBLIC 'SALE 'OF BUSINESSPROPERTYHarris, Speakes & Harris will sellpublicly at 2:00 p. m., Thursday,September 21, two store rooms andtwo three-room flats on Main, bettween Sixth and Seventh. A goodchance. See the ad.(15-19)WELL DRILLER"W. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80 (tf)OF PARIS'J-IvrSETTLEMENT OF SHOPMENSSTRIKE IN SIGHTi The Policy Committee of thestriking railway shop, crafts Wednesday authorized B. M. Jewell,strike leader, to sign a separatepeace agreement with individualroads.This action, it was stated, wouldend the strike on from 30 to 52 ofthe 202 Class 1 railroads of thecountry which entered into directnegotiations with Mr. Jewell recently at Baltimore, and with any, others who cared to accept the peaceterms.With the announcement that thepartial peace had been voted camethe first dendrite information that S.Davis Warfield, president of the Seaboard Air Line and representative ofa railroad securities company saidto control $13,000,000,000 of stock,was responsible, for negotiationsthat finally ended in the agreement.The agreement was reached bythe committee of 90 about 2 o'clockWednesday afternoon. The following roads were said oy a representative of S. Davies Warfield to havebeen among the parties to the agreement: Louisiana and Arkansas; NewYork, Chicago and. St. Louis; Southern Railroad; Georgia, Southern andFlorida; Harriman and Northeastern; New Orleans and Northeastern; Northern Alabama; . SeaboardAir Line; Chesterfield and .Lancaster; Macon,' Dublin and Savannah;Tampa and Gulf Coasts TamnaNorthern; Virginian Railway; Wraston Salem. South Bound; AlabamaGreat Southern; Chesapeake andOhio; Chicago, Indianapolis andLouisville; Baltimore and Ohio;New York Central; Boston and Alabama and Cleveland, Cincinnati,Ciiicago and St. Louis.The peace settlement ilan wouldalso apply to the Brotherhood ofStationary Firemen and Oilers, some15,000 members of which followedthe strike action of the six federatedshop crafts.The Louisville and Nashvillerailroad company has not consideredthe agreement, which B. M. Jewell,head of the striking shop craft, announced that the union's policy commute of 90 had authorized him tonegotiate with the.nation's railroadsaccording to a statement issued byWible L. Mapother, president of theL. and N. His statement follows:j.iie jLiOuisvme ana iasnvmerailroad company has no knowledgeof the agreement other than thepress reports and has not consideredthe agreement."So far as. suitable vacancies mayexist, the L. and N. is willing totake back the strikers, but only asnew employes."The rights of the employes nowat work,-aggregating more than 10,000, wilfbe protected to the limit.(Signed) "L. MAPOTHER.""President Louisville and .NashvilleRailroad Company."Jimmie Vioux, the fast outfielder,who played with the Lexington teamin the old Blue Grass League, hasbeen purchased by the Louisvilleteam of the American Associationfrom the Portsmouth, Ohio, team ofthe Virginia League. Viox marriedMiss Nellie Lovely, of Paris.mi - - - -fcTili 4.IMPORTANT NOTICEI will be out of my office fromnoon to-day until Tuesday morning.DR. S. P. MOHNEY.BOURBON CATTLE SALESClark & Young, of near Paris, delivered last week to Julian Iogersand Jonas Weil, 106 head of fat cattle, averting 1,400 pounds, forwhich tliey received from 9 to 9cents per pound, the drove bringingabout $13,750. The cattle wereshipped to Nagle & Co., at Hoboken,N. JWeil & Rogers also bought thirty- !i l c i rtrn ii. in. a Ifromoii. ueau ui j.,oovu-iu. uaiue lruaiJohn Willie Young, of North Middjetown, for which they paid ninecents per pound. This bunch wasalso shipped to Nagle & Co., at Hoboken. Julian Rogers shipped two carloads of mixed hogs to the Cincinnati market thatNcost from 8 to 8cents per pound.W. A. Thomason, "of near NirthMiddletown, shipped 247 fat cattlefrom Richmond, to the Easternmarkets. The cattle averagedarQund 1,460 pounds, and cost Mr.Thomason a little in excess of $30,000. WOULD-BE ELOPERSThe local authoritiesvave - beenasked to look ,f or Margaret Hudnall,aged thirteen, who is believed toiiave eloped with Thomas Wilson,aged, twenty, of this county. Thechild's grandfather, John Hudnall,of Spears Mill, reported to the Sher-ifE's office that he4 had found letters, into a hotel. Physicians were sumtelling of the proposed elopement! moned, who declared the man wasand had asked the girl's teacher to j suffering from the effects of drinkkeep a watch, over her, but that she ing ftioonihine whisky " which- hadhad escaped from school in spite 'of contalnadjpotaskr -He: war reTir:ylthe surveillance. -BASEBALLYESTERDAY' RESULTSParis 4, Winchester 2.Maysville 6, Cynthiana 7.Lexington 8, Mt. Sterling 4.SATURDAY'S GAMESMt. Sterling at Paris.Winchester at Maysville.Cynthiana at Lexington.SUNDAY'S GAMESMt. Sterling at Paris.Winchester at Maysville.Cynthiana at LexingtonIn the exhibition eame nlavofl .League Park Tuesday afternoon be-tween the Paris and Mt. Sterlingteams, the Mammoths were returned victors by the score o 9 to 5.Wills was in the box for the Mammoths, while Hester worked for thevisitors.Last Sunday the base ball gameat Spears Mill between Escondidaand Spears Mill, resulted in the fol-lnwirjr onnro- T7!cronrHrla Q CnooraMil-6 Batteries for Escondida-fcrWRaney and Mitchell ; for Spears MillHudnall, Cooper and" Wagoner.Therevwill be a ball game betweenEscondida and Hutchison, at Hutchison, on Sunday, September 17Advices to the labor departmentat Washington yesterday, from itsrepresentatives in Chicago said thatraijroads having approximatelythirty-five per cent, of the country'smileage had signified their intentionof ending the shopmen's strike onthe basis of the agreement acceptedWednesday by the shop crafts general policy committee and tnatroads representing an additionalthirty per cent were ready to endthe strike. ..oL. T. LEACH UNDER ARRESTSheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriffs James Gibson and R. M.Gilkey yesterday afternoon visitedthe home of Marion Leach, in thiscity, and placed under arrest L. T.Leach, who was wanted here as being a fugitive from justice, and tookhim to the county jail.The officers learned of Leach'spresence here yesterday. He hadieen under arrest on charges ofbootlegging and while in the jail,made his escape, being heard fromin Canada. Requisitions were asked for Leach, but he was notbi ought back. rNOTICE TO BtfkLEY GROWERSvMember of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Associationwho may be unable to attend theelection next Saturday may obtainballots to vote to send in by mail or'by other members from the following: Jas. L. Dodge, Paris, Ky., RouteNo. 1. yPeale Collier, Paris, Ky.L. A. Soper, Paris, Ky.C. K. Thomas, Paris, Ky.Bro. W. E. Ellis, Paris, Ky.JAMES C. STONE.President and General Manager.H. LEE EARLEY,Secretary and Treasurer.oCOURT NEWSIn the County Court, W. S. Bishopwas appointed administrator of theestate of Mattie Bishop, with Wm.Morgan as surety. Mr. Bishop accepted the trust and qualified byfurnisjtiing bond in the sum of $500.In the County" Court Judge Geo.Batterton appointed N. F. Collier asadministrator of the estate of thelate Miss Anna Eliza Collier, whodied recently near, Millersburg. Mr.Collier accepted" the trust andqualified by furnishing bond withWm. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburgas surety. W. D. Mclntyre, HoraceW. Purdy and G. S. Allen were appointed as appraisers of the estate.i o -NEW ASSISTANT MANAAGERFrank C. Powell, Carlisle repre-,sentative of the Metropolitan LifeInsurance Company, has been appointed an Assistant Manager of theCompany for the Paris district andwill enter upon his new duties September 25. Mr. Powell has been anemploye of the Metropolitan only afew months, and has made an excellent record.POISONED BY MOONSHINEDouglas Thomas, Jr., on returning'to his car which he had parked onMain street, found a man asleep init. Mr. Thomas endeavored unsuccessfully to w arouse , the man. Assistance -was secured and the man,who proved to be a traveling salesman from Lynch, Ky., was carriedsjmE afterwagd-let V thsfcote I.- -PARIS PEOPLE CITED IN CONDEMNATION ' PROCEEDINGSMr, and Mrs. Hiram M. Roseberry, of Paris, have been made parties to the condemnation suit filedjby the City Commissioners of Lexington against tne neirs oi tne lateMrs. Sidney G. Clay, Sr., for the purpose of acquiring the Clay propertyin Lexington for the new city building, to be erected at a cost of half-a-milliondollars.The Clay holdings in Lexington,which are very valuable, consist ofseveral vacant lots on Short street,in that city, -and are generallyknowned- as "the burned district'.which aiso incmaes me sue ot tneold Merri( Lodge Property at thecorner ot Limestone and Shortstreets, which the Clay property adjoins. GROWERS TO ELECT DELEGATESThe Bourbon County election ofdelegates to elect a director for theBurley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeMarketing Association, will beheld at the court house in Paris, to-Saturday)September 16,between the hours of eight a. m. andfour p. m. Ballots for this electionmay be secured at the oflice of theBourbon County Farm Bureau, at4Q7 Main street.NEW SEED CROPSNEW CROP MICHIGAN ROSENRYE TIMOTHY SEED.BRENT & CO., INC.(29-tf 'L. & N.' LIFTS LAST FREIGHTEMBARGOESAll embargoes on "southtboundfreight have been lifted. on the Louisville and Nashville railroad, it wasannounced by Brent Arnold, generalfreight agent. The order which accompanied the announcement statedthat hereafter southbound freightto points on the road would be accepted and that freight to pointsbeyond the southern terminal wouldbe accepted provided the connectinglines would accept it.Heretofore, no freight for pointssouth of Louisville had been accepted by permit, and only priorityshipments were received, for Louisville. .Remember twenty years ago whenan X-ray photo of a po"cket-bookwould show a coin or two inside,FRANK &LADIES' OUTFITTERHI J I,The New Coats Envelope OneIn Luxury ,Slip into these new coats and see how,luxurious they are luxurious of fabric,of silk lining, of styling. The longwaist, the straight silhouette andgraceful wrap effects make their debutin a score of delightful variations.FRANK & CO."LADIES OUTFITTERSPARIS HIGH SCHOOL K0T1SJudge Quitman Robbina, fatkerMiss Nell Robbins, ExecutiY' Sretary of the Community Senrfc amiDirector of Physical Culture a,t tkmParis High School, dfed at his bOBMin Tupelo, Miss., Wednesday nifktraccording to a message receivedhere. Judge Robbins was a man othe highest character. Mfse Robbiashas the sympathy of the commumityin her loss. - ,Friday afternoon at three o'clockDr. P. K. Holmes, head of. tkHealth Department of the UhiYasity of Kentucky, and Prof. Wellington Patrick, head of the -Departmentof Extension work at K. U,will be t the Paris High School toarrange for the different extension:courses to be given in Paris this "fall and winter. One of the newcourses to be given is a course iaHealth Education by Dr. Holmes.Dr. Tuthill and Prof. Farquhar-svill again give courses here. Their vcourses in history, and English havbeen scr popular that there is a greatdemand for their return. If you'arinterested in any of these coursescall the City School or costFriday afternoon at three o'clock. "The reception Friday afternoonfrom three to five, and evening fromyseven to nine, given by the ParisCity School in honor of this year'sfaculty, promises to be one of themost successful events given by theschool in recent years. Aljl parentsand friends are- urged to come andmeet the teachers of the school.The first chapel exercises of theP. H. S. will be held at ten o'clockthis (Friday) morning. MissEllenBlanding will sing, and an inspira- -tionaladdress will be delivered.NEW GROCERY FIRM, The Great Atlantic -and PacificTea Company, which is establishing'a chain of groceries in Kentucky,has leased from I. L. Price for &term of years, the room on Mainstreet, adjoining his clothing store,and will open for business aboutNovember 1. The Bourbon CountyFarm Bureau and the Paris Com-mercial Club, present occupants of 1the room, have secured quarters inthe basement of the Bourbon countycourt house.oLAST CHANCETwo hundred big, juicy, sweetwatermelons just in. Order now.C. P. COOK & CO.CO.UmV- o4I;- !m- - xMr-Mr '..f.. -,("-XT'V -V-- .". 2THiT BOURBON, NEWS PaRISjBTOCV1 t-I - vffr" PAGE TWOfRIDAY, SSPTSXBBR lillffTHE BOURBON NEWSltd loTi--41 Years of Contimious PublicationMblkked livery Tuesday and Friday?te Tmt $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash, in Advance.fWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.OaUred at the Paris, Kentucky,Pstoffie as Mail Matter of theSkcond Class.). 0U1 FOBEIGN EEPBESENTATIVES. ITew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Kassengale Adv. AgencytJinfcinnati Blaine Thampson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplaxAdvertisements, ?1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchHMich subsequent- insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation of-any person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSThe duck who playsA violinA. deep, deep wellHe should fall inA thirsty young chap from" GoshenStarted out to drink the oshenIt was his own faultHe 'found it was sault-And promptly gave up the noshen."It is no crime to give a bogus'"check to a bootlegger in payment forMs wares, but even at that it is a3iard trick to get away with, for-the reason that bootleggers do not--accept checks.Two words which, though nowuncomplimentary, were "once quitethe reverse are "officious," which-formerly meant kind, and "conceited." which meant full of ideas ororiginality.The doctors have discovered that""there is an ailment which may beclassified as "tobacco paralysis." Itloes not affect the power of speech,however, as all can testify who are--daily assailed with "What kind of-chewing do you use?" or "Say, give"line a chew."''Summer wanes, and the tired bus- "Jness man; the pretty girl employeeand the school boys and girls wonder -why it has to be another year"before vacation time rolls around'They also figure the number of days"before Christmas and how many' dollars will be left for .Christmaspresents and a winter outfit.'Two litt'le Paris boys were standring in front of Shire & Fithian'ssrahow window the other day, admiring a steel engraving of Lafayette.--"Who is that feller, Mister?" asked-one of a passer-by, who noted them."Being told of the great service La-layette rendered America .the kidrpaseed it All up and innocently re--marked,"Oh, pshaw, I thought he-was somenew base ball player."The hoys are telling a good storyon a well-known Paris merchant,who has a very decided" penchant forpoker. It seems that this young"man was out a little later thanisual the other night with a party"" -of friends "rushing the deck," and,-on arriving home in the early hoursof the morning, found that the wifeof his bosom was sleeping soundlyc.nd snugly. Not wishing to awakenvTier K)r to be compelled to think up- -a reasonable excuse for being out solate, or so early -lie tiptoed in, successfully, and, without turning on a"light, reached in the clothes closetfor his "nightie." This secured, he--crept into bed, and, congratulatingTaimself on his strategy, was soonasleep.Imagine his horror when awakened by his wife the next morning tofind that in the darkness he had selcted as his lobe de nuit her bestpiak organdie dress in lieu of his'aightie:" The boys draw the curtain over what followed, but they- -jare handing him a beautiful razterry these days when he dropsAround.ftfa Deubtful.la imply the silence ofriMirki a nhilosonher. wttla wMl five a grain of comforttpeer M:pecked .husband;TnwMcript,i , kM ,.1922 X0G POOL CLOSES NOVEMBER 6Tobacco growers who desire tomarket their tobacco this year cooperatively will have until Monday,November 6, to sign the contract ofthe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association, according toto the terms of a resolution adoptedby the board of directors of the Association in regular monthly sessionin Lexington. After that date nonew members will be received forthis year, it was provided in theresolution.A total membership of 67,709was shown ' in the report of Assistant Chief of the Feld Service Division William Collins, who estimated that the total number ofmembers of the Association in Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, West Virginiaand Tennessee will be more than75,000 before the tobacco of the1922 crop is delivered to" the Association. Clifton Rodes, former manager ofthe West Virginia and Eastern Ohioterritory, made his final report,showing that 2,938 growers in thatterritory had signed the contract,representing about 3,000,000 poundsof tobacco. Mr. Rhodes recommended that the staff of Kentuckians now on dutiy in that territorybe continued until the closing date.He paid high tribute to the devotion to duty and the efficiency of H.B. Carpenter, Jr., of Lawrencburg.Ky., who succeeded him as manager.Mr. Carpenter, with a force of sixworkers from this State, in additionto the local organization, will continue the campaign right up to theclosing date.Sales of a considerable amount oftobacco since the last meeting of theboard were reported by Presidentand General Manager James C.Stone, but at the request of the buyers no information as to the identityof the. amounts of their purchaseswas given to the press.In couties in which ten or moregrowers may request such action,President Stone will appoint an inspector and a challenger for theelection September 16, at whichdelegates who will later select thedirectors will be chosen by ballot.Chairman W. H. Shanks of theauditing committee, reported thathe and his associates on the committee, R. P. Taylor, of Winchester,and Rev. J. R. Jones, of Cynthiana, had arranged for a completeaudit of the books and papers of theAssociation and that the reportwould be ready to present to thenew board of directors at its meeting in October.The matter of insuring the property of the association against damage by tornado or windstorm wasleft to the executive committee. Itdeveloped that in .two cases of lossby windstorm the Association wasprotected by policies of insurance.HUNTINGTON BANK PRESIDENT SIGNS BURLEYCONTRACTContracts of-' tob.acco growers .tothe number of 1,430 were receivedat the offices of the Burley TobaccoAssociation the past week,including that of C. H.Harrison, president of the Twentieth Street Bank, of Huntington,West Virginia, owner of two farmsin that State, who signed up eightacres of tobacco to the Association.Two hundred "and ninety-nine ofthe new contracts came from Breckinridge county and 165 from theEastern Kentucky District of JamesN.. Kehoe and his workers. Theothers came from all parts of thedistrict, showing, according to officials of the Association, that thesigning up of growers is generalthroughout the territory.Director of Warehouses Ralph M.Barker visited a number of pointsin the district the past week, inspecting arrangements for the handling, of the new crop at these points.Foster and Stanford will have newreceiving plants, local business menhaving arranged for the financingof these plants, which will be takenover by the Association on the sameterms as the other houses it nowowns.District grader J. Leslie Knight,of the western "'district, who hasbeen busy for several weeks in thatterritory in connection with the re-grading of green tobaccos, said thathalf of the 1922 crop had been cutgreen and put in the barns and thathis opinion was that the crop; as awhole, would not exceed that of1921, which was the lightest of anyyear since the cut-out of 1908.President and General ManagerJas. C. Stone went to Nicholasvilleand addressed a meeting of farmers,reviewing the accomplishments ofthe Burley Association, during thefirst year of its existence. He wasfrequently appludedas he reviewedthe steps in the first year's successful marketing of the crop co-opera-jiiveiy.Early Learned Truth About Earth.Eratosthenes was a Greek inathemn-j tician living iD Egypt. He wrote aDook on geography, and had so clear aperception of the shape of the earththat more than 1,700 years before Columbus he affirmed that it would bepossible to sail from Spain triIndiaby going always westward. He neededno telescope and no chronometer tofind that out. Eratosthenes measuredthe circumference of the earth on preciaely the principle that still lies atth ? of-fatHtesj,WEEKLY WEAEOat AJfD-CEOPSSUMMARYModerate to heavy rainfall in thenortheastern counties, followinggood rains in the previous- week,practically broke the drouth in thatsection. Late crops show considerable improvement, the condition oflate corn and tobacco in that district ranging from fair to good.Stock water has been replenished,and - pastures are revived . Onlylight scattered showers occurred inmost of the central and western portions of the. State, where" thedrought continues, and was intensified by the unseasonably high temperature. In those districts latecorn and tobacco are scarcely growing and are in poor condition, especially in the hilly region.Pastures continue short and dry,and feeding stock has been restored in places. Early corn is dryingrapidly., and the quality of the grainis good. Cutting has commenced inthe southern counties. Most earlytobacco has been cut and housed,somewhat earlier than usual becauseof . "firing" and premature ripeningdue to drought. In most of the Stateweather conditions were favorablefor speedy .curing and good qualityof leaf; but the yield is much reduced on account' of drought damage. Fall plowing is beginning in thenorthern counties, where th"e soilwas softened by heavy rains. Verylittle plowing has been done in theremainder of the State, where thesoil is generally too dry to be worked. The late sown cowpeas will bebenefited by the rains in the easterncounties, but in general this- crophas been seriously damaged by thedry weather.Late potatoes improved and aregrowing fairly well in most of theeastern half of the State; but theyare in a critical condition in thewestern half. Some young cloverhas been killed by drought. ' Thefourth crop of alfalfa is about readyto cut, but the yield will be short.Rain is, badly needed in central andwestern districts.-oKENTUCKY FALLING BEHINDIN GOOD R0ADSKeen interest was manifested recently in a published statement bythe Postoffice Department showingthat Kentucky stands second in thelist of States, numerically, as topostoffices. Pennsylvania alone,with 2,987 .offices, has a greaternumber than the Bluegrass State,which, with 2,568, is ahead even ptNew York, with its many millionsof people, and Texas, with its expanse of territory.An investigation to ascertain thereason for this, developed the interesting information that it is mainlyaccounted for by the fact Kentucky's highways do not compare innumber and character with those ofother States. As explained at thePostoffice Department, just as fastas good roads are provided, additional rural free delivery routesare authorized and the smallerpostoffices discontinued.A postal map of Kentucky on display at the Department presents aninteresting study. Each postofficeis represented by a dot. In themountainous sections, particularly,these dots are so numerous as tomake them difficult to count. Bycontrast, other States in whichhighway building programs have developed favorably, show a greaternumber of rural routes and fewersmall postoffices. All of which ledan official of the Department tocomment: 'The lack of roads seemsto tell the story."A bulletin recently issued by"Modern Highways," of which Senator Richard P. Ernst is president,and a number of. other men prominent in official and professional life,officers, told how good roads andrural churches go hand in hand.An official of this Association remarked: "Just as the church, theschool and the public health areclosely related to modern highways,so it is now shown that the manyconveniences of the rural free delivery also depend in great part uponthem."Codfish as Old as History.Codfish is said to be the world'smost important which means the-most eaten fish. Few fish are moreprolific. It has been asserted that oneweighing 75 pounds will contain over9,000,000 eggs. The cod is practicallyomnivorous, finding means to supplygreat schools wherever food -of anysort is found. It Is found In manyparts of the world other than theNorth American "banks." and it is saidthat it has been fished for by fishermen of northern Europe since the beginning of recorded history and, ofcourse, for uncountable centuries before man begau to make written records. JBadger Villages.Badgers live in burrows which theydig themselves and In some pa'rts ofthe West these burrows are numerousin small areas, says the AmericanForestry Magazine. Although theywere all the work of badgers, many ofthem had been dug to secure gophers,prairie marmots, mice and otherrodents, upon which they prey. Theseburrows, often covering several acres,are a source of constant annoyanceand danger to travelers on horseback.-oFlorida Named for Easter.,Il0rihd :" "!'' "" MC' uiatuvereu, IE ODEastV Sunday, -which i i& Swmljiitf'riiwora i umoitif ompuraui;Lesson(By IEV. P. B. FITZWATER, D. DTeacher of English Bible in th MoodyBible Institute of Chicago.)Copyright, 1922. Western Newspaper Union.LESSON FOR SEPTEMBER 17THE MESSAGE OF MALACHILESSON TEXT Mai. 3:?.-4:3.GOLDEN TEXT Return unto me, andI will return unto you, saith the Lord ofHosts. Mai. 3:7.REFERENCE MATERIAL II Kings17:7-23; Isa. 6: Ezk. 2:1-7; Acts 20-35; IICor. 8:1-9:15.PRIMARY TOPIC-God's Promise ofthe Savior's Coming.JUNIOR TOPIC Offerings That PleaseGod.INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICWhat "We Should Give to -God.YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICWhat the Bible Teaches About Giving.The subject of today's- lesson isbroader than tlie text, especially theverses printed. The best way to teachthis lesson is to give a survey of, theentire book.Malachi was perhaps contemporarywith Nehemiah ; probably sustained thesame relation to Nehemiah that Haggai and Zecharlah did to Zerubbabel.After the completion of the walls ofJerusalem Nehemiah seems to havebeen called back to the Persian court,but returned to .Jerusalem after afew years. Though outwardly the livesof the people were correct, the prophetpointed out the sins of a corrupt priesthood, mixed marriages and a failure topay tithes.I. Israel's Base Ingratitude (1:1-5).God approached them with the tender affirmation "I have loved you." Itwas the prophet's burden to declarethis fact unto them (v. 1). So formaland worldly were the people that theyfailed to see God's hand upon them.The attitude of Israel to God is shownin the skeptical insinuation "Whereinhast Thou loved us?- The prophet.answers this by showing God's choiceof Jacob and His passing by Esau ; Hisdestruction of Edom and saving IsraelII. God's Severe Indictment (1:G2:17). J1. Against the Priests (l:G-2, 9).They were guilty (1) of profanity(1:0). Their profanity was in despising the name of God. To fail to honorGod is to be profane. To use Hisname in any unreal v.ay is to be thusguilty. (2) Sacrilege (vv. 7, 8). Theirsacrilegious act was in offering polluted bread and blemished sacrifices.To bring such offerings to an earthlyruler would be a gross Insult. Giftsto be acceptable with God "must begenuine; must cost something. Weshould give to God4ur best. There isno intellect too brilliant to offer in theLord's service. The young should notesteem-their lives wasted who offerthem on the altar of missionary sacrifice. (3) Greed (1:10). They werenot willing to open the doors of God'shouse without pay. Our service shouldbe out of a heart of love for God, notfor profit. This has a vital applicationto ministers and evangelists today. Toenter Christian service because ofworldly gain is of this type. (4) Weariness (1:12,13). Because of lack oflove the routine of duty became irksome. (5) Not teaching the law tothe people (2:1-9). Those set apartto teach God's law to the people havea great responsibility and God willmost surely demand an accounting.2. Against the People (2 :10-17 ; 3 :715). (1) For ungodly marriages (2 :11,12). God's purpose In the prohibitionof mixed marriages was that He mightraise up holy seed (v. 15). The marriage of the, believer with the unbeliever today brings confusion Into thefold of God and turns aside His purpose. (2) For divorce (2:13-16). Divorce was the source of great sorroweven the tears of the wronged women covering the altar (v. 13). The offerings of a man who had thus treatedhis wife would be an abomination toGod. The tears of wronged womentoday are going up to God and makeeven the prayers of some men anabomination to Him. (3) Public"wrongs (3:5, 6). (a) Sorcery magic.Those who practice such things houldbe regarded as public offenders. (b)Adultery. This is a sin of wider extentthan the parties concerned, (c) Falseswearing, (d) Oppression of -the hireling, widow and fatherless. (e)Turned aside the stranger from hisrights. (4) Blasphemy (3:13-15).III. The Severe Judgments WhichShall Befall the Nation (3:1-5; 4:1-6).1. By Whom Executed. This isdone by the Lord. Judgment has beencommitted to the Son of God (Acts17:30-31).2. Time of Second Coming of Christ.John the Baptist 'was the forerunnerof His first coming. Elijah shall bethe forerunner of His second coming.3. Besult. For the righteous it willbe a day of healing and salvationT Tothe wicked it will be a day of burningand destruction. A hook of remembrance is now being kept. A day ofretribution is coming.Even as He Is Pure.Beloved, now are we the sons ofGod, and it doth not yet appear whatwe shall be; but we know that, whenHe shall appear, we shall be like Him ;for .we shall see Him as He is. Andevery man that hath this hope In himpurifieth himself, even as he Is pure.I John '3:2-3.NoV Afraid.I laid me down and slept;! awaked;for the I-ora sustain'me. I will notXraidot ten.thouMBd pioplt.raiao:3rO. - . :i2-a-.StmdavSchoolTfhIV- 3 I CP v4 "riMiss Elizabeth Giltner, teacherof Piano and Violin. Term opensSeptember 4, 1922. Studio at CitySchool, Paris, Ky.(sept l-4tF)NOTICEAll persons holding claims againstthe estate of T. P. Woods, deceased,are hereby notified to present sameproperly proven as required by law,to the undersigned -Master Commissioner, on or before November 1,1922. after which time all claimsagainst said estate will be barred.Done pursuant to order of Court inthe case of T. P. Woods' Estate vs.M. L. Woods, Etc.O. T. HINTON,M. C. Bourbon Circuit Court.(8-15-22)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTWheeler Gardner, Etc. .. .PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Charles Coleman DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale, rendered atthe June term, 1922, of the BourbonCircuit Court, in. the above styledaction therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSATUEDAY, SEPT. 16, 1922,t the front- door of the CourtHouse, in Paris, Kentucky, at aboutthe hour of 11 o'clock a. m., willsell at public outcry, to the highestand best bidder, the life estate ofCharles Coleman, in and to the following described property:A certain parcel of land situated in Gorey's Addition to theCity of Paris, Kentucky, beingLot 66, fronting on SeventhStreet 67.3 ft and running withthe line of Lot 67 E 90.5 feet andrunning with Wilkes street on thewest 83.9 ft. and being 57 ft. 3 in.in tne rear, ana conveyed toMattie Coleman, wife ofCharles Coleman, by deedfrom Wakefield & Moore, recordedin the ofiice of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court in -DeedBook 94, page 182, to which deedreference is made.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the lien indebtednessof Gardner & Small, and the Bourbon Lumber Company, togetherwith interest, the total debt, interest and costs being estimated as ofthe date of sale, at Nine Hundredand Five Dollars ($905.00.)Said sale will be made uponcredits- of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bondsfor equal parts of the purchaseprice, with good and approved surety, due six and twelve months fromdate of sale respectively, and bearing interest at the rate of six percent (6) per annum fr.om date ofsale until paid.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C."1-8-15)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEparls to Lexiug.'orLexington To Paris7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. - , 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. . 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. 12:00 xn.2:05 p. m. 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. m. - " 2:00 p. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. m6:05 p. m. 5:00 p. .7:05 p. m. , - 6:00 p. m.8415 p. m. - 7:i0 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book;$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TBACTIONHINAI. GO.(deeff-tf)& TEE-Public SaleThursday, Sept. 21, 2 P.In settling thejoint estate of Mrs. H. Rebecca Dudley and Mrs. N.D. McClintock, we will sell at auction on the premises, through ouragents, the following described property:Two store rooms and two thjee-room flats, located on Main street,between Sixth and Seventh streets. .The lot has a frontage of 36 feeton Main street, and extends back 99 feet in the rear, to the Kelly property on the South, a 9-foot ally extends from this property to SeTenthstreet. kFor particulars, apply to: HA1US,For B. ?. BEEFOID-AITD W. X. DTJDLET, Extcmtors tl tkt Eitatt. oJ. B1DT01D All) 118.45f tu?vr.WLmln3JrmWirL r - .h r-'Administrator's NoticeAll persons having" claims againstthe estate of Edward Mitchell, de-.ceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, 'as requiredby law, to the undersigned Admin-"istrator, at Millersburg, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate othe said Edward Mitchell, are hereby notified to call on the undersigned administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness. RUSSELL MITCHELL,Administrator of Edward Mitchell.(aug29-3wks)MASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTLILLIE. B. CLARK'S DEVISEESON PETITION.NOTICE OF SALEJ ImUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the MasterCommissioner onSATUEDAY, ' SEPT. 16, 1922,at the front door of the court housein Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic outcry to the highest andbest bidder, the following describedproperty:1. A tract of 149 acres, 3roods of land in Bourbon County,Kentucky, near Clintonville, anddescribed as follows: .Beginning at Fig. 8 and running due east 12.12 poles to 9;thence N. 44 E. 87 poles to 20,corner to the dower; thence N. 89W. 214 1-2 poles to 19; thencedue south 114.56 poles to 21,thence S. 89 E. 202.44 poles to22; thence N. 10 1-4 W. 28 polesto the beginninng, and beinga portion of the property conveyed to Lillie B. Clark by Thos. J.Weathers' heirs by deed recordedin the ofiice of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court in DeedBook 57, page 225, to which reference is made for a more particular description.2. Also a tract of land lyingin Bourbon County, Kentucky,and bounded as follows:Beginning at T, a stone cornerto No. 3, and running therefromS. 2 W. 11.22 ch. to D, a stonecorner to Mrs. Lillie B. Clark;thence with her line S. 87 1-4 E.53.74 ch. to the middle of theParis and Clintonville turnpike;thence with the middle thereofN. 5, E. 16.62 ch. to S, a cornerto No. 2, (bearing N. 87 1-8 E.18 ft. from a stone in the westmargin of said turnpike) ; thenceS. 87 1-8, 54.80 ch, to the beginning, containing 75.30 acres,and being the same property conveyed to L. B. Clark by E. ' PWeathers, etc., by deed recordedin Deed Book 88, -page 380, towhich reference is madeThe two tracts above describedwill be offered first separately andthen as a whole, the bid or bids aggregating the most money will beaccepted.Said sale will be made upon credits of 6, 12 and 18 months, the purchaser or purchasers being required to execute their three bonds withgood and approved sureties for onethird of the purchase price each,due 6, 12 and 18 months from dateof sale respectively and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent(6) per annum from date of saleuntil paid.The purchaser or purchasers willhave the privilege of paying all orany part of the purchase money after a confirmation of sale and "beforematurity "of the bonds, therebystopping interestSaid sale will be made for thepurpose of settling the estate of Lil- tlie B. Clark, deceased. "JfO. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C: 'MMaster Commissioner B. C. C. f1-8-15) v .PropertySPEAXES HAJULIS, Agtats,yJ. L. ULFSLEY,- - ?".sc -i!3 - tWIjtraSifi-- .v.i-?5-ir-'V"-- 3r,. ..--3aJ5 -v,.. .. r A--r . ;&. ."& .- . 'ZuZm. -,-"! "- V '-"!"-V JT".J:L4i' 25f 'iVTT - T-.-r , ' ."S.x -V .VrtrJLr. ?T:-sfflk:-.,'4"oftutr-,4 Vj- liTjLt ,-.. arr ' - -: A-sar .y :3rJ-4-' -I ovt$rf -5--; y&. .?-- 38,-. ? x-- r?, . ife-vsrs?Psfa&ftas"' -TTOft.a.- . feA - OE?"rJCP-"-' 't-. tf" fttftllDAY SEPTEMBER, Y932THE ,BOURBONNEWS PARIS, KBNTUCI1PAGS5fi-POULTEY CUI03NG ON BOUBBONFABMS- 'PERSONALSSAyE THE EOEESTS AND FOREST !LANDS OF KENTUCKY-7'MitfcigaretteThey areGOOD!10SHERIFF CHANGE IS BOONIn many counties of Kentuckythe fees of the Sheriff exceed theconstitutional limit of $5,000, andeven the salary of the Governor,6,500, the only exception made inthe organic law. Steps were started at the last session of the Legislature to make an investigation ofthese conditions to bring the Sheriff's compensation within the constitutional limits.The largest item of the Sheriff's,pay are the fees allowed for the collection of taxes and the larger thecounty assessment the more taxesand more fees. Now besides holdinga well-payjng office the Sheriff ispiotected from imposition and losseshut it was not always that way.Before the adoption of the present constitution, there was richpicking in the Sheriff's omce, duimanv who held it retired penilesand 'financially ruined. This cameabout through the practice of manyof the Sheriffs of that period financing the office and carrying delinquent taxpayers. -Often such favorswere abused and the Sheriff not inclined to force collection for political or personal reasons frequentlywas left to hold the bag.Many a man who courted political preference by being electedSheriff went broke under the oldsystem. Now the Sheriff is not permitted to advance payment or carryi" taxpayer and has no other alternative but to collect the taxes withina stipulated time. The change mthe system was a boon to the Sheriffs by practically eliminating anychance of loss in the conduct of theoffice. . ioI THE PROPER COURSEInformation of Priceless Value toEvery Paris Citizen.How to act in. an emergency xsof inestimaoie wmw -..-ii. no nf theand this is paticumn " - -aand ills of te Uuman bodysuffer with Kidney "Additional evidence that Bourboncounty poultry flocks contain a largenumber of hens thatMcan,Jbe "'culledout at this time of the year withoutseriously reducing tb,e eg$ production of the various flocks is contained in the results-of a poultry cullingdemonstration held recently by theextension division of the College ofAgriculture on the flock of 58 WhiteWyandottes owned by Franklin Bell,who lives near Paris and who is oneof the magistrates in the countycourt.Fifteen hens removed from Mr.Bell's flock because they showedcharacteristic signs of being lowproducers that had stopped layinguntil spring, produced only eighteggs during the week after theywere separated from the other members of the flock. The 43 hens thatwere kept as layers produced a totatof 133 eggs during the week, afterthe culling demonstration, or threemore than the entire flock of 58 hadproduced during the week before theculling demonstration.The results are typical of thosebeing obtained throughout the State,an announcement from the collegesays. The drive being conductedagainst loafer hens has been mostintensive in counties having countyagricultural agents, these representatives of the college extension division having rendered much valuable assistance to farmers in theircounties in this line of work alone.'Hundreds of demonstrations havebeen held to show farmers and poultrymen how to distinguish betweenthe laying and loafing hens in theirflocks.CONVENTION PLANS DEVELOPED.knowledgeIf youorA .any iorm uj.trouble, the advice containedin the following siausmcuu ;Ldd a valuable asset to your store oTKTVinT r.nuiu "-urinary aisorueio.kidneyThe executives of the State Sunday School Association held aluncheon conference in Winchesterwith the local committee on arrangements to .discuss plans for theState convention to be held' October3-5. Dr. George Joplin, of theState office, and Mr. T. McEldowney,State president, were present.The headquarters of the convention will be opened at the Chamberof Commerce. The WinchesterKiwanis Club has donated the convention badges, wnich will be distributed at convention headquarters. Quotas were assigned for thevarious Sunday schools of Clark.county and a total of 500 is expected to register from this county.Word has been received from Fayette county that 50 delegates willattend.B. F. Adcock was appointed tohead the delegation to Paris nextweek, when a number of Sundayschool workers will canvass the cityfor delegates. W. K. -Elliott wasselected to take charge of a trip toRichmond the following week.DYE OLD DRESSESOR DRAPERY INDIAMOND DYESmoreknowledge, wnaic- " v ofProof !?tuu,:-teDoan's Kidney rm w -- .usedconvincingItigv Pius iauu, . tjokJc citizen wnoSSSSidwio publicly tells of thebenefit derivedMrs. A. p. BUJey; h e . USedstreet, Paris, says aveDoan's Kidney Pills a tew ia good renu-uic - -have acted lrreg-weaKsay they are-rr-iinn -mv iridneys. viiPTr has beenIS Ihave always found that aZx or so of Doan's Kidney PiUsIgetatArBtorarelieve the complaint quickly.The above statement was givenine auov Novem-November 10, lyj-o. iuy w Tber 12. 1920, Mrs. Burley sad: ItaveU "changed my ojnnou. ., wav Pills and recommend them Dust as n&"JWhen I gave my former statementPrice 60c, at all dealers. Don tcimniv ask for a kidney remedythat Mrs. Burley had Foster-MU-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.9.98 TOE LEGISLATIONSince 1908 the pay of e othe Kentucky legislature has been$10 a day for. the sixty-day working session, which requires Jenty-noknr davs to complete, -maKing the pay $720 for the session inaddition to mileage at the rate of 15cents per mile to and m "irhomes and a stationery aHowance.Prior to 1908 the legislative perdiem was $5, and it was beevedthat the doubling of the pay wouldencourage a better representation inthe law-making body. As to whether it has had this effect there maybe differences of opinion, but generally it is agreed that the compensation is not excessive. When thechange was authorized- one sownjoculary proposed that the per diembe fixed at the bargain rate of ?-5'Kentucky is in the forefront of theStates that pay their lawmakers aliving wage.Dctltful ThlnfllOne of the disappointments of .thislife is to Tecelve a letter addressed Imcharming feBinin hand and to findthat it contains a"l)ill- fronT thepluaAer.- '- 'Buy "Diamond Dyes" and followthe simple directions in every package. Don't wonder-whether you candye or tint successfully, becauseperfect home dyeing is guaranteedwith "Diamond Dyes" even if youhave never dyed before. Worn.faded dresses, skirts, waists, coats,sweaters, stockings, draperies, hangings, everything, become like newagain. Just tell your drugistwhether the material you wish todye is wool or silk, or whether it islinen, cotton, or mixed goods. Diamond Dyes never streak, spot, fadeor run. (adv)A E00P FOE YOUR BUSINESSFirms that don't see the need ofadvertising usually have two stockreasons for hiding -their light un-der a bushel.When business is good, "theydon't need advertising to help themsell." yWhen business ispoor, "advertising won't help them."In a way they are like the Arkansas farmer whose roof leaked all theyear round and who excused hislaziness by explaining that when itwas raining it was too wet to getout and mend the roof and when itwas not raining there was no needfor a patched roof.When you advertise you build- aroof over your business to protect itduring the cloudy, gloomy days ofadversity. And newspapers advertising shingles will give you a tightroof. The- Woodpecker.Miss Elizabeth Clay is .visitingMiss Louise Rogers, in Maysville.Miss Elizabeth Ferguson, ofGeorgetown, is visiting relatives inthis city and county.Mrs. Howard Carr has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Lawrenceburg.Mrs. Nancy Payne is very ill atthe home of her daughter, Mrs.Jesse Blake, on Parris avenue.Miss Margaret Slattery, of Lexington, is a guest at the home ofMiss Rosa Toohey, near Paris.Miss Anna May Ryan, of Paris,is visiting her cousin, Mrs. FrankMaher, in Washington, Masoncounty.Miss Helen Rigg has returnedto her home in Mt. Olivet after avisit to Mrs. Margaret Stivers, onHigh street.Mrs. William Conners, of Owingsville, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. Harry O. James, at their homeon Pleasant street.Miss Elizabeth Kimbrough hasreturned to her home in Cynthianaafter a visit with Miss ElizabethLilleston, in this city.Miss Teresa Gantley has returned to her home in Maysville, af-ter-avisit to Miss Frances Woodand Miss Mary Katherine Connelly.Mrs. John Powell and daughter, Miss Lillian Powell, have returned to Huntington, West Va.,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Jos.Williams.Miss Mary Graharn .Williams,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WarrenWilliams, is visiting her grandparents, Judge and Mrs. N. B. Turpin,in Richmond.Miss Annie Powell, "of Berea,member of the Paris High Schoolfaculty, has taken board for thewinter with Mrs. Walter Clark, onFifteenth street.Mr. and Mrs- Jay I. Andrews,of Pittsburg, Pa., and sons Billy andDavid, who came to attend thefuneral and burial of Mrs. D. C.Parrish, are guests of relaaives inthis city.Miss Christine Thomas, daughter of Hon. Claude M. Thomas, ofParis, will leave next week forSweetbrier College in Virginia,where she will matriculate for theschool term.Miss Edna Snapp, who has beenengaged in social service work atthe Central State Hospital, at Lakeland, Ky., has assumed her dutiesas teacher of English in the Covington High School.Misses Nancy Barbee Wilson,Anna Thomas Ewalt, JosephineHedges Ewalt and Mamie Lee Baldwin will leave Monday for Lynchburg, Va., where they will enterRandolph-Macon College as studentsfor the 1922-'23 term.Mrs. Charles Stephens has returned from a visit to her sons, Drs.Barclay Stephens and Joy Stephens,in Alameda, Cali. She was accompanied home by Dr. Barclay Stephens, who is revisiting familiarscenes of boyhood days.Danville Advocate: "Dr. Coleman Renick has returned to Parisafter a short visit , with friendshere. Dr. Renick graduated fromCentre College a few years ago andhas, accepted a position with theUniversity of Iowa for the comingyear."Mr. and Mrs. James M. Caldwell and children have returnedfrom an extended tour through theWest, making the entire trip intheir auto. They were accompaniedhome by Miss Margaret Ardery,who spent the summer with relatives in Colorado City, Colorado.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, of Alameda, ali., formerly of Paris, who isvisiting relatives in the . city andcounty, will be guest of honor thisafternoon at a reunion of membersof the Six-Hand Euchre Club, ofwhich she was a member, at thehome of Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., onthe Maysville road, near Paris.An appeal to the citizens of Kentucky to aid in replenishing the rapidly 'disappearing forests of theState, has TDeen issued from Frankfort. The appeal is signed by W. C.Hanna, Commissioner of Agriculture, F. M. Sackett, president of theLouisville Board of Trade, F. C.Dorsey, chairman of the Agricultural Committee of the Kentucky!arm Bureau, and James Speed,Kentucky Editor of The SouthernAgriculturist. The appeal is as follows: "A PLEA TO THE CITIZENS OFTHE STATE ."Kentucky's forests are rapidlydisappearing, and she is making noprovision for re-foresting. Until theyear 1912 forestry work in the Statewas under the Department of Agriculture, but practically nothing wasbeing done. That year, however,the Legislature of Kentucky appropriated $15,00T annually o be usedby the regular developing ForestryCommission."The Legislature of 1920 abolished this appropriation. It also abolished the Commission and placed theForestry Department under the Department of Agriculture with only$6,000 with which to do business.This small amount was so circumscribed by specifications that overone-nair of it is useless for any constructive work. In fact, over onehalf of this appropriation of $6000is turned back each year into theState Treasury because it is practically wasted if it is used. The smallfund allowed by the Legislature ofKentucky cuts the State off from theuse of national funds to supplementits own, so as to secure adequateprotection from forest fires."Indiana, Ohio and Illinois allhave forestry commissions with ample funds and well developed plans.Naturdally the public mind in theseStates is adjusting itself to a realconsturctive campaign for moretrees, larger tracts of forests, andfire prevention in forest lands.While this is being accomplishednorth of the Ohio river, the work ofeducating the public in Kentucky isvirtually at a standstill. This-is especially disheartening as the mountains of the State are badly in needof replanting in forests, becausethese areas can never become goodfarming lands."Blessed as Kentucky is withwonderful natural resources, itseems tragic that her forests shouldbe allowed to go to waste withoutmaking some provision for the future. At the present rate of destruction Kentucky will soon be entirely without her valued woodedareas. The loss of forests is certain to mean more destructivefloods, less revenue from landswhich can only produce timber, andlast, but not least, the loss of. beautiful wooded areas as playgroundsand outing places for the generations yet unborn."OUR MOTTO:Honest Weight and QualityGoods,-a,Heinz Pork and Beans No. 1 ' .IOgHeinz Pork and Beans No. 2 . . ; ........ 1 5c,Van Camp's Pqrkand Beans T. ...... 1 5c7Heinz Spaghetti No. 1 7. -tOc fc,Heinz Spaghetti No. 2 .-. 1 5cHeinz White Pickling Vinegar, gallon " . . . .-. 50cBel Monte Apricots Nol 24cGolden State Peaches No. 1 .-. 1 5cKey Note Peaches NoTl - 1 5cMatches, box .. t 5cJello, all flavors I ....... , 1 0cLye . 1 Oc and 1 5cOld Dutch Cleanser. . .' '. 10c1-lb. loaf Bread . , T. . . . Sc -PARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, ManagerSTATEHEALTH BOARD GIVESSTATISTICS(Other Personals on Page 5)oEHEUMATISMUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisig a fine linen bond paper and absolutely iintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,Oytttr Enlarges Home.L-An oyster ilarges its own shell. Itspends Its infancy in the hole whereit lives in Its latter-days. As it growsIt throws out a secretion of animalmatter and carbonate of lime, whichsticks to the shell, and oozes over theedges surrounding the hollow In whichthe creature resides. Thus,- as timegoes on,-Us home gradually becosxts -4larger and tkicker.-r " " -Do you know that rheumatismcan ba cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Eadlo-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at- our"Sanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(lM;f) Milan, Ind.oVindicates th Turkey.Charges of larceny commonly preferred against turkeys that range ingrain fields may be definitely withdrawn following significant evidencethat the homely birds choose one fatcricket to a whole field of grain duringthe season that they fit themselves forthe Thanksgiving sacrifice. A countmade last fall of the contents of atypical' tom's crop showed 240 grasshoppers, 50 black crickets and . ninekernels"of grain. Turkey dom rests itscase on many similar evidences inother states.O-rMore persons came to their deathin 1921 in Kentucky by violenceand in accidents than were carriedoff by any diseases except 'pneumonia and tuberculosis, it is shown byfigures made public by the Bureauof Vital Statistics of the StateBoard of Health. Violent and accidental deaths were 1,799, accordingto the figures, while deaths from tuberculosis were 3,135 and pneumonia was responsible for 2.031.for 2.031.Total deaths from accidentalcauses were 1,424, the largest singleitem, according to J. F. Blackerby,director of the bureau, being. burnsof various kinds, which were responsible for 196 deaths. Railroad accidents occasioned the next largestnumber of fatalities, being responsible for 140 deaths; automobileaccidents, 93 deathsvand accidentalpoisoning, 5-6 deaths.Of the 375 deaths by violence,173 Were suicides and 202 homicides. In connection with these,Mr. Blackerby pointed out, referring to the need of more stringentlegislation against the carrying offirearms, that over half of the suicides were by means of some kind offirearms, and that in the case of thehomicides firearms were used in 90per cent of the murders.oSafety Always.Our idea of a trustworthy chauffeuris one that keeps his accidents off thefront page.INSURANCEam: -- -:-" . m9t !xj iJiSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBk .SSsHIBBBBBBBBBBBBBr - - - W M ttLWW lsSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBsV .sfBBBBSSVBBBBBBBBS ""TBHlBk "" - M jM-MLefufattend to Yours.What a dismal feeling it must be to see your property destroyed by fire if it is not insured.TOBACCO INSURANCECome in and let us insure you. We are agents forstrong, reliable Insurance Companies and insurance isgreat protection for'a small sum.Thomas, Woodford & Bryannfj u- rt-nw. mini i'M ti 1 1 u ii 1 1 n "IAunt Het."Women always like to think tKl.preacher Is in delicate health; butwhen he comes tT dinner they cook upenough to plumb ruin a well man."Boston Herald. -Daily Thought.,JUbfrty exists in- proportion" tc Jwaoifsfue Tstraint. -lHmiei872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to" call whenin need ofFRUITS, VEGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable; - -Satiif actionguranteed. Your trade- appreciated. -x -.AIL. STONEWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties fElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.-Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates. . That are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEmilium TrTtiinuii mfi?Change of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will not-,-be completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to-$2.'00 per month..N fParis Home: Jelepkone & Tefcfrapfc!r-- it-P, - -V"K4 MHim.Lv.- ..w-.v- i'Jm-p1f.5M.5'-V. rj&"Jv -,rC- v -rr- &ftfe fedURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYf AGE FOUR.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 1$, Iff.REAL ESTATE DEALS. the frame bungalow located onSixteenth street, belonging to Geo.T.-JTWagoner, was sold publicly"Wednesday afternoon by Harris,Speakes r Harris, for $3,275, toMiss Lutie K. Williams. The homehasseven rooms, and is nicely located. vLee R. Penn sold a small tract ofland containing eighteen acres, lo-cated on the Paris and Lexingtonpike, on the Fayette and Bourbonline, to his son, Robert L. Penn, ata private price.The finishing touches are being-put on the building at the corner ofSeventh and High streets, beingerected by Harris, Speakes and Harris. The lower floor will be occupied by the Reo Bus Litfe, and theupper apartments by Mr. and Mrs.L. B. Purnell.The brick business house nearingcompletion on Tenth street, adjoining the L. & N. passenger station,will be occupied when completed byWm. Farris, the owner, as a restaurant. The structure is built of redface brick, and is one story inheight.Good prices were obtained at thesale Tuesday of lands belonging tothe estate of the late Mrs. Sidney G.Clay, Sr. The entire farm, containing Approximately 4S7 acres, locatedon the Bethlehem pike, near Paris,brought a total of $S7,000, an average of about $179 per acre. Thelands adjoin the farms of Jonas Wieland. Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford, and were sold in four separateparcels, as follows: Tract of 175acres, sold to Jonas Weil, at $151 anacre; Tract No. 2, containing 200acres, sold to M. M. Thomason, ofFayette county, at $19S.50 an acre;Tract No. 3, containing about 56acres, sold to Mer. Thomason, at$155.25 an acre; Tract No. 4, containing about 56 acres, also sold toMr. Thomason for $201.50 an acre.RELIGIOUSRev. Newton L. Shropshire, ofClintonville, is conducting m. revivalmeeting at Etchworth, in Lewiscounty, which -is meeting with greatsuccess.Miss Maude Taylor, Superintendent of Elementary Work at theMethodist Sunday school, is especially desirous of meeting al thechildren of that department Sundaymorning at 9:30 o'clock, to preparefor Promotion Day, September 24.Rev. W. S. Scantland. of Paris,is holding a revival at OlympiaSprings. -Rev. Scantland began themeeting Sunday,-September 3, andup to the present time has had sixto make confession - of faith. Greatinterest is being taken in the meeting, and"large crowds are out everynight. J. Walter Martin, of Lou-MTJST PROVIDE BOXES FOEMAILPostmaster J. Walter f Payne .hasreceived oflicial instructions fromthe Postomce Department at Washington, in which is urged the importance of providing boxes for thereception of mail. The instructions to postmasters is as follows:'On account of delays caused tocarriers at dwelling houses whereno door-slot or mail receptacle isprovided, and the fact that a largemajority of dwellings are thusequipped already, it seems timely,within a reasonable period, to require all who are to receive mail bystreet carriers at their dwellings toprmride accommodations, the expense of the same being small.Postmasters are therefore thus instructed. -The length of noticeshould not exceed four months, although there may be exceptionalcases where postmasters should useisville. who for years was on theroad singing and playing, is con- discretion or ask for instructions."It. is not the department's desire,LOSTSomewhere on pike betwen Parisand Lexington a Kelly-Springfieldauto tire, 33x4. Liberal reward for'return toW. J. JACOBY,First National Bank, Paris. Ky.LOSTOut of a machine, Saturday a'fternoon, on Falmouth road, straw knitting basket, containing unfinishedcoral wool sweater, brown leatherdiary, five year, small brown purse,Finder will receive liberal rewardby returning toSUSAN B. CREE,314 West Fpurth Street,(It) Covington, Ky.ducting the singing. Rev. Scantlandhas not decided when he will close.The baptizing will be at close ofmeeting.SHOULD BE PLACED IN OLD KENTUCKY HOUSEThe Harrodsburg Democrat describes two relics of 'great historicinterest held by residents of Kentucky two kettles, one broughtover by the Pilgrims and one ownedof course, that any shall be deprivedof delivery by this department, butrather it is earnestly hoped that allwill see the reasonableness of it andits advantage 'to themselves as wellas to the carriers. But if it finallybecames necessary mail delivery willbe discontinued where no door-slots(preferably) or" mail receptacles areprovided."In connection with the above instructions let me add that there areseveral houses at 'present that areby Lincoln's parents which itrightly suggests should be placed in not numbered, the department asa museum for safekeenine:. What.sumes that all houses in a cityNotice To TobaccoGrowersElection of delegates to selectdirector from Bourbon county, willbe held inCourt House, Saturday,September 16th. Ballot closes at 4p. m. Official ballots may be hadat Farm Bureau office by calling inperson or sending written order before Saturday morning.("THE BANK OF SERVICE"V4iiBANK ITThat dollar in your hand may be thefather of your fortune and its children may be working for you whenyou have to stop.The easy spender may be a "goodfellow," but he is a foolish man andeverybody knows it. - -Somehow we all respect the manwho has "money in the bank.,,Your pass book is ready!ywhich has delivery service is properly numbered, but in recent yearstheMASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTNathan H. Bayless' Devisees, . .!. ..PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Mrs. George Waite, Etc. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale, rendered atthe June term, 1922, of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the above styledaction .therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onMONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1922,fat about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., at the front door of the CourtHouse in Paris, Kentucky, will sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder, the following describedreal estate:Beginning in the middle of theHume and Bedford turnpike at O,and to corner to No. 3, and running therefrom with the middleof said turnpike N 84 3-4 W 52.88poles to B; thence S 48 3-4 W71.52 poles to C, a corner to Jas.Ferguson; thence S 5 1-2 W 1'2.083oles to D, stone corner to same;thence N S6 1-4 E 23.60 poles toE, a stone corner to same; thenc4N0ETH CLIFTN AVENUE.' S 9 3-4 E 56.24 poles to F,.a stonecorner to same; thence N 87 W, 4.12 poles to G, a stone corner tosame; thence S 4 W 95.32 polesto H, a stone corner to same inWright's line; thence withWright's line S 84 1-2 E 70.76" poles to P, a stake corner to No.3; thence with line of No. 3 N 4E 210.40 poles to the beginningand containing 98.25 acres.Said sale will be made uponcredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingiTequired to. execute their two bondsfor equal parts of the purchasemoney, each due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively and bearing interest at the rateof six per cent (6) per annum,from date of sale until paid, saidbonds to have the force and effectof judgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof a division among the parties ininterest, the widow having consented to accept the cash value, of herdower in lieu- of an allotment inspecie.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner,. B. C. C.(15-22-29)better place than the Old KentuckyHouse at the State' Fair? If theowners' names could be obtained,steps might be readily taken to placethem in this permanent musjeum,where they could be seen by thousands. The Democrat says:"It may not be generally knownthat this State possesses two relicsof great historic interest, or ratherthey are in the keeping of individuals living in the State and privatelyowned."One is a kettle or pot broughtover by the Pilgrim Fathers andvouched for by documentary evidence, we believe. We have nevercx0 ACA, u it aaxu lw uC CruS0e, Pegleg, One Eye,auinenuc, ana, neeaiess to say, is Tom Fridav'highly prized by the owner, who You'll see them all in the Uni-WOUld appear tO be a descendant Of vprsitv vprsirm nf thp nnivprsfillv'hp-one who landed at Plymouth. It is i loved Daniel Defoe story of advent-builders of new houses haveneglected to provide , numbers onseveral. In accordance with thedepartments instructions coveringthis, mail delivery will not be extended to houses not properlynumbered and will be withdrawnfrom those having delivery at present if their house is not numberedwithin a reasonable time. The noticewill be given them by the carrierserving them."REO BUS DEPOTAll busses of the Reo Auto BusLines 'operating out of Paris willarrive and depart from the Reo BusDepot, at the corner of Seventh andHigh streets, as per schedule, effective Tuesday, September 12.fl5-2t)REO BUS DEPOT,W. S. Hughes, Manager.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank. & Trust Co-Paris, - - Kentucky "TCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00Bourbon News Advertisers Get ResultsROBINSON CRUSOE NOW A MOVIEHEROBlacknow in keeping in the mountain section of the State, and has been seenby the one who communicated thefacts to us. In size it is fairly largeand bears all the marks of antiquity."The other is a kettle or pot,which was owned by the father andmother of Abraham Lincoln and isnow in the keeping of a family inWashington county, or was whenlast seen. It is one of the large variety, generally used out of doors,ure which has been produced ineighteen chapters called "TbTe Adventures of Robinson Crusoe," thefirst of which shows at the Alamoand Grand Monday afternoon andevening.Each famous character was chosenwith the strictest attention to twodisinct qualifications his physicalresemblance to the Defoe characterand his ability as an actor. Theresult is that each player seems tohave stepped from the page"& of theand can be vouched for by the f am- j adventurous novel ,to further fasciily who have had it in their keepingduring the years."Relics of this kind one wouldlike to see in some museum for safe-nate readers.Frank Lloyd, whose productionsfor Goldwyn have earned individualpraise for the excellence of theirdirection, has made from a storv bvkeeping. Doubtless they are now .Kathenne Newlin Burt one of thesare enougn, Dut tne vicissitudes of: most impiessive dramas of Westerntime may mean their ultimate loss,which would be regretted in the exNEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS. ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ON! life that has ever been achieved."The Man From Lost River," aGoldwyn picture, is far removedfrom the false pictures labelled"Western.""The Man From Lost River" willbe shown at the Alamo and Grandto-morrow afternoon and evening.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tn 'SCHOOL DAYSFall Showingofs MillineryDress, Tailored and SportModelsFRIDAY, SEPT. 15th(By W. Brant Hughes)It's "goodbye" to the camp on theriverTo the gang and the swimminghole; t"Farewell" to the hikes acrosscountryWith the gun or the fishingpole.It's "good morning," the little redschool house,As we gather up pencil and pen,And the dust covered book's fromthe attic,For school days have come again.We have romped in the pasturesand woodlands,As free as the birds and the bees,At first hand we've studied thesecretsOf the insects, the flowers and trees,But there's a tang in the air ofSeptemberThat calls 'us indoors from the field,and the earlier twilight is biddingFor the treasures the story books' yield.AUTOMOBILES SIDESWIPEDBased on affidavits filed by Mr.and Mrs. C. F. Snyder, of -Lexington,and G. K. Caison, of Louisville, awarrant was issued from the ofliceof County Attorney D. D. Cline,Wednesday afternoon, for the arrestof C. T. Whitcliff, of Cynthiana, onthe charge of reckless driving.It was alleged that the automobile belongirig to Whitcliff had beenin collision with the Snyder car,sideswiping it, but doing small damage. It was stated that the name ofthe owner of the Harrison countycar was discovered by telephoningthe Harrison County Clerk's office,and giving the number of thelicense. It was alleged that theWhitcliff car did not stop after theaccident."If You Want a Thing Well DoneDo It Yourself"-Benjamin Franklin.That is exactly what you do at PIGGLY WIGGLY, you use the senses youare endowed with; you see the goods with your own eyes; your nose tells you therefrigerator is elean and sanitary; you select with your own hands exactly whatyou want, not what someone wishes to hand you.Last but not least, you don't pay for FREE DELIVERY or contribute to abad debt account.vSUGAR 100 lbs. . . $7.40With faces all bronzed by the sunshine, With sinews as strong as steef;The summer's great gift to herchildrenIs abundance of life that we feel.So now with a shout we will rallyFrom hillside and valley and glen;Say, "goodbye" to the camp on theriver,"Good morning" to school daysagain.Mrt.MiuePrkerNOTICE TO TAXPAYERS. xTHE TIME XMTT IS GROWINGSHOET. CAL1 AT THE TAX COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE IK THECOUM HOUSE, AMD IIST -Y0TJBTAXES.- s BEM W00DF0HD,' - TAX C0MMI86IOXEE.WARNED AGAINST BAD MONEY.Chief of Police Fred Link received a notice from the Treasury Department at Washington, advisinghim to warn Paris merchants to beon the lookout for counterfeit moneyin this vicinity. The parties sup-posed to be passing the spuriouscurrency are said to be two for-ieigners, who travel in an automo-jbile, and the money is generally ipassed at oil filling stations, garages, and .at auto repair shops. The'alleged forgeries are said to includeimitations of ?5 certificates and $10bank notes.oMRS. VI0LETT NOT- A NATIVE OFHARRISON.XMrs. Luther A. Violett, who was'killed by her husband in Cincin-!nati last week, was erroneously re-ported in the press dispatches as being a native of Harrison county anddaughter of Jos. Shawhan, of Cynthiana. We have been informedthat Mrs. Violet was a -native of Cincinnati, and was not r.elated to any-jone in Cynthiana, so far as has'been ascertained., - JHawaiian extra quality GratedPineapple; No. 2, 27c; No. 2 4 j23c; No. 1 lmjHawaiian extra quality SlicedPineapple; Nof 2V2. 37c; No. 2 ft29c; No. 1 IJjQBewley Red Pitted Cherries; No. aabeNiana Garden - 111Peas I2CScott County Tomato . pp,uree bCCampbell's Pork and . 4 fBeans JuG"Joan of Arc - 4 4Kidney Beans. . . ." llCDomino Golden Syrup;- ' "No. 2 can PHipolite Marshmallow ' jf)Cream; pint :ar ZZCEagle Brand Condensed aA"" , 20cMansfield's Evaporated Milk; m -large 9c; small v . . . . A2CPremier Salad Dressing; ftlarge 41c; small 1 fiCBeechnut Peanut Butter, large, 25c; j ftmedium, 17c; small .. ..'.. ; . 1 110Lippencott's Selected Queen Olives ;aaquarts 49c; pints ZoCLippencott's Selected Stuffed Olives; fftlarge 41c; medium 29c; small..'! HPL'Art Fancy Dill Pickles; No. 2j19cCracker- v --3ac? v r- - 42CCampfire " 4 mMarshmallows. . fc. .. . . .' . . . . IflPPalmolive r . 'Soap .. .. ,.. .. .j, .. .. JjQ' Soap . . ' . . mm m KgFontaine Brand Imported 4 4Castile Soap MRLux - : IOCOld Dutch , nCleanser ,, UP-Vt. h wOSunbright -Cleanser. HpSani- " 1 rt-flush t. 21cArgo Gloss Starcji; ftpound package.. .-. .. . PShinola Shoe Polish - n(all kinds) . . DlJMazola Salad or Cooking Oil, y2 j)fgallon S9c; quarts 51c; pints .. .gCSnowdrift; pure vegetable shorten-ning, pound can . . .. AuC:Hershey's Breakfast Cocoa; lb. g12y2c, l-5lb.. . ." rPGolden Age Spagetti. Macaroni rand Noodle HPShredded jWheat YhZPuffed rt 'Vfceat. ..- : .. ..JCPuffed x " 41Rice JCCerto (Sure " ajjeiD r .. dieQuart Tin Cans; "" j.jper. dozen 4ICHires' Root Beer Extract; 4 ftpackage jjQDomino Pure Cane Granulated Sugar nin car-tons or muslin bags, pound. JlPPure Hog Lard; ' 4 jpound 4CFancy Home-grown Irish Potatoes; nppeck, 15 pounds weighed OuCWe Don't Meet Prices We ?1ake ThemPIGGLY' GROCERIES707 Main StreetFRUITSWIGGLY.GREEN VEGETABLES, -Paris, Kentucky-?yr"J1-v-.--x" W -,-4xuFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1$02THE BOURBON NEWS, .PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIVE4 -iM"CIFTS THAT LAST"CLOSING OUTTtf OfcDEE TO CLOSE OUTCHILDREN'S SHOES QUICK WEHAVE PLAUJSU 10U JAUtb UJMSALE, SIZES 9 TO !!. Price 98c.UAOxl. - o.H. M. COLLINS & CO.oCHUBCH SUPPER&The ladies of the Antioch church Mr. and Mrs. S. Pelossi -and-svill give a supper to-night, Friday, j Mrs. C. Fugazzi, of Lexington, wereSeptember 15, in the church build- guests of Paris friends this week,ing, beginning at five o'clock, and Miss Margaret Roach has rerlosing at ten o'clock, cafeteria turned to her home in Chicago, af-ii- rrVirw miVilif is rnrriinllv invit-!Style. -"-" v .- - rfed to attend! The menu will embrace fried chicken, chicken salad,ham sandwiches, coffee and pies.. oCARRIED K. OP P. INSURANCEThe late Mark Herrington, whodied in this city some time ago, carried a $2,000 policy in the Endowment Bank of the Knights of Pythias, as a member of RathboneLodge, of Paris. The policy will bepaid over to the heirs in a few daysby Secretary Louis Wollstein.- oCHILD HURTWhile playing at the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs.. Jesse Gardner,on the A. B. Hancock farm, nearParis, their four-year-old son fellfrom the steps, breaking two bonesin his left arm. He'was taken to aphysician's office, where the brokenaim was set," and the little patientwas removed to his home and madecomfortable.. oNEW WELL DRILLED INW. K. Kearney, well driller, whohas brought in a number of finewells in Paris and the county, recently completed a well at the EastParis plant of the Brent Co. Thewell brought in has a fine flow ofsulphur water, standing sixty feetiri an eighty-five foot hole Several years ago the G. G. White Co.bored a well which yielded a strongflow of sulphur water on the sameproperty.PINE BOURBON PARM AT MASTER'S SALESee Master's add of Clark farmconsisting of 225 acres near Clinton-ville, on page two of this issue. Remember the time and place, September the 16th, at the front door ofthe court house in Paris, Kentucky. Absolute sale and -no reserrations. (S-12-15)PYTHIAN HOME OUTINGRathbQne Lodge, Uniform Rankand the Pythian Sisters, Knights ofPythias, will make their annualpilgrimage to the Pythian Home, inLexington, on next Sunday, September 17,vto spend the day with thechildren. All friends and membersof the order are invited and expected to attend. An appropriateprogram has been arranged for theoccasion. This will be a pleasantday's outing for any who attend.oBUSINESS PROPERTY POR SALEAs agents, we will sell publicly,at 2:00 p, m., Thursday, Seutember21, the McClintock business property, on Main street, between Seventhand Sixth. Read the ad.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(15-19)oSMART HATSHATS THAT ARE DIPPERENT.CLEVER MODELS POR EARLYPALL WEAR.MRS. TvrATVnrR PARKER.(S-3t)o ,PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Friday, September 15Double Feature Day Mahon Hamilton and Lillian Rich, In "Half aChance;" Blanche Sweet, in, "MaleHelp Wanted."To-morrow, Saturday, September16 House Peters and Fritzi Brunette in "The Man From LostRiver;" Pathe News; Sunshinecomedy. "One Moment, Please.Monday Seutember 18 First ep-iRmb nf nQw corini "Tho Adventures.of Robinson Crusoe;" Will Rogers,in "Doubling For Romeo."oDENTAL WORK IN SCHOOLSuw ., HW-WJ -At a joint meeting of the BourbonCounty Red Cross Chapter, compos- f Henry uiay, Mrs. TeaencK a. vvaied of John Brennan, Mrs. Frank lis, Mr. and Mrs. George WilliamsKiser and John J. Williams and the Clay, Mrs. Lisle and Mr. Johrf Harlocal dentists, it was arranged to ris Clay. Mrs. Samuel McGoffenhave each dentist devote half a day was hostess at the Lafayette Hotel,each month during the coming year in Lexington, in compliment toto clinic work among the school Mrs. White, at a delightful sixchildren of Bourbon county. Worthy o'clock dinner served in the privatecases will be handled by the local dining room of the hotel. Mrs.dentists for a minimum fee covering Thompson H. Tarr entertained withmerely the cost of materials. fan informal tea in honor' of Mrs.Secretary Inez Caudill was in- White- The handsome home wasstructed to call at the various beautifully decorated with gardenschools and do the follow-up work flowers, and a tempting lunch wasin examination of pupils, which was served. Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis en;begun a year ago by Miae Esthr terained with a dining at the LafayMeinzer, who was forced to "resign ette Hotel, in Lexington, in Mj8.durine tke vear on account of "ill- -White' honor, the party afterwardfeealtk. . , 1 ...-f ... .-PERSONALSon"nSs an Goss of ome Youajiow ana utncri ionDon't -- ..i -iMrs. J. T. McCrav has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Charles Linvillein Carlisle.Mrs. H. Clay Weathers, of Cov-"5luii, is visuing relatives in tmscity and county.-Mr. and Mrs. Will S. Arnsparjger left Wednesday for a ten-daystr a iricit f fyia-nAe, sV. 4-v. j jj-..ter a visit to friends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Vatch andgrandson, Jerome Veatch Isaacs, arein Louisville, attending the StateFair.Mrs. Raymond R. McMillanwill entertain at bridge this afternoon at her home on East Seventhstreet.Miss Gertrude Downey has returned to her home in Maysville after a visit to Miss Frances Woods, inthis city.Mrs. Hadley Berry" has returned to her home in Houstonville, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. RobertBerry, near Paris.Mrs. Victor Corbin and' children, of Butler, Ky., are visitingher parents, Mr. and' Mrs. EdwinThomason, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Rober- Young, ofMoor Park, Cali., are visitijtg" thelatter's mother, Mrs. Ann Stephenson, near Clintonville.Mrs. Sophia Ewalt Kiser hasreturned to the Kentucky Collegefor Women, at Danville, to resumeher position as nurse.Dr. and Mrs. Frank L. Lapsleymotored to Paris from ShelbyvilleTuesday for a visit to relatives inthis city and county.Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Terrilland little daughter have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and1 Mrs. FelixNewman, in Falmouth.--George M. Taylor, former Parisian, has returned to his home inGeorgetown, after a visit to friendsin Paris and the county. 'Miss Katherin Hammond has returned to her home in Ashland, aftera month's visit with her cousin,Miss Peggy Rose, of Paris.Miss Katherine Hammonds hasreturned to her home in Ashland after a month's visit tn hpr rnnfiinM, Peffe.v Rosp in this ,tvK Mrs Elizabeth Howse, of Car-lisle, and her daughter, Mrs. Rudolph Davis, of Paris, have gone toKansas City, M0.7 to visit relatives.Miss' Nancy McClure, of Louis-'ville, is living with her grandparents, Dr. and Mrs. B. F. McClure,while attending school at LittleRock.Jtfr. and Mrs. Wm. Mark, ofDayton, Ohio, Mrs. Mary Owens andMiss Owens, of Cincinnati, are visiting Mrs. Lizzie Beasley, nearParis.Mrs. Charles Linville and Mjs.C. B. Linville and children have returned to their homes in Carlisle after a visit to friends and relativesin this city.Mrs. George White has returned to her home in Washington City,after a visit to Mrs. Cassius M.Clay, at "Auvergne," on the Winchester road, near Paris.Prof. F. A. Scott, principal ofthe Paris High School, has returnedfrdm Columbia, Tenn., where he attended the marriage of his sister,which took place in that city Wednesday afternoon., Miss Ruth McClintock entertainecT"at her home in Millersburg,in compliment to Miss Mary AgnesPurnell, of Washington, D. C, whois visiting her mother, Mrs. MattiePurnell, and family, in this city.Miss Corilla Eberhardt has returned to her home in Georgetownfrom New York City, where she hasbeen a student at the Columbia University during the summer. MissEberhardt also made a tour of theWest during the summer.Hon. Claude M. Thomas continues to show marked improvementat the Good Samaritan Hospital,Lexington, where he has been a patient for some time following an operation for appendicitis. He will beable to return home in a few days.Mrs. George White, oj, Washington, D. C, who was a guest ofMrs. Cassius M. Clay, during her- recent visit in the Bluegrass, wasguest of honor at a number of, socialfunctions given by her host andothers in this county and ;at otherplaces. Mrs. Pattie Williams Lisle,of Lexington, entertained for theat Shakertown Inn, among theguests being Mrs. White, Mrs. Cas-sius M. Clay, Mr. and Mrs. Thomasy.- -. .- 1 .1. -r-r-r t IIiljrt0-AaMil ThemtrejLojnsee Richard Barthelmess, ( in"Sonny."Misses Mamie and Louise Rowland are visiting relatives in Clarksville, Tenn.Capt. F. E. Nelson has gone toFrench Lick Springs', Indiana, for aten-days' stay.Misses Mary Ellis and Marguerite Clark are attending-TransylvanjaCollege) in Lexington.Miss "Willametta Dunn, of Ft.Erie, panada, is a guest of Mrs.'Amos Turney, Sr., at her home nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. C. H. King havereturned to their home in Ruffin,North Carolina, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. E.- W. Glass.Mrs. R. 'H. Mattox, who hasbeen seriously ill at her home onVine street for several weeks, is reportd as showing no improvement.Miss Lucy Spencer, who hasbeen spending the summer with reHaftvesin Paiis and the' county, hasreturned to her home in Lexington.Miss Gilbert Lavin left Tuesday for Nazareth" Academy to entercollege at that institution. She wasaccompanied by her mother, Mrs. M.J. Lavin.Miss Camilla Blanton has returned to her home in Richmond afrter a visit with her sister, Mrs. Benjamine Forsythe Buckner, at XalapaFarm, near Paris.Mrs. M. Peale Collier has returned from Dayton, Ohio, accompanied by her son, Robt. Collier, whohas been under the kre of a specialist at that place.Mrs. C. B. Harrison and daughter, Miss Louise- Harrison, have returned - from a two-months' sojournin Michigan, and a visit to relativesin Greencastle, Indiana.Miss Louise Collier, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. M. Peale Collie, matriculated Wednesday at the Western College for Women, at Oxford,Ohio, where she was accompanied byher parents.The following from Paris attended the funeral and burial ofMrs. Louise Berry, in Cynthiana:Mr. and Mrs. Will G. McClintock;Miss Vallette McClintock, Mr. andMrs. Jos. W. Davis, Mrs. FrazierParrish, Mrs. Amne Prichard.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.Ben Houston, of "Bourbon county, isvisiting her 'parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Poindexter, in this city ....Mrs. Thomas Collier, of Bourboncounty, is visiting relatives andfriends in this xcfty and 'county.'rMrs. Lucien G-. Maltby anddaughters, Misses Mary Page Maltby, Anne Maltby and Frances Maltby, of Mason county, are guests atthe home of Miss Belle Horton, nearParis. Miss Anne Maltby will enter the University of Kentucky atLexington as student for the 1922'23 school term.Among the out-of-town guestswho attended the reception given byMrs. E. F. Clay, Mrs. Catesby Spearsand Mrs. John Davis yesterday afternoon, were Mrs. Robert Rodes Estill, Mrs. James Headley, Mrs. Wm.H. Ha'rris, Mrs. W. T. Withers, Mrs.Sallie Withers, and Mrs. Hal PriceHeadley, of Lexington.Georgetown Times: "Amongthe out-of-town people who attended the sale of the executors of MissBertie Webb were: Mrs. EllenBrown, of Charleston, West Va.,Mrs. Brutus Clay, Mrs. Al Grimes,Mrs. Gatewood, Mrs. Ezekiel Clay,Mrs. Cafesby Spears, and Mrs. Catherine Davis QJraig, all of Paris."Patients at the Massie Memorial Hospital are all doing very well,according to reports from the institution yesterday. Among thosewho are reported as making rapidprogress toward recovery are Mrs.Daniel Lisle, Miss Mattie Moore andMrs. John M. Flanagan, who recently underwent an operation, performed by Dr. Stoeckinger.James H. Thompson and A. S.Thompson, both former Representatives in the Kentucky Legislature,attended the reunion of former legislators and .members of former administrations, held yesterday on theState Fair grounds, in Louisville.The reunion embraced formermembers of the legislature and former State officials from the time ofGovernor Wm. O. Bradley's administration. (Other Personals on Page 3)0SEED WHEATExtra quality Pennslvania Bearded Wheat, graded 61 from thresher,yielded 27 bushels to acre. Recleaned, $1.75 per bushel. CallJ. W. THOMPSON,(15-3t) Qumb. Phone 1006.Lest You Forgetfc We MentionWhen out shopping we have extra values at extra low prices, onLadies' and Misses' Suits, Goats,Skirts, Sweaters, Blousesr Dresses,Millinery and Oxfords and StrapSlippers, Dry Goods, Silks, Etc.,Corsets, Hosiery, Underwear, Etc!RememlJer to Call at the StoreThat Saves You Money.Twin Bros.Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main Streetsparis; kyt ,Don't You1Those Bells?yLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"&VWe also call your attention to thebest spring made"Vhe TftastercrafrEither of these springs sent on30 days trialTHE J T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36Motor HearseJ ,T -a.S'V. ;-??'They are ringing for the straw hats.It's time to get under a new "lid" andwe are ready o serve you.All the new shapes and colors to fit"and please every man.$2.50--$3.00--$3.50to $5.00When the assortment is the largest isthe best time to make your selection,which means that right now is IT!You, housekeepers, Jmowthatmanybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth.beautiful blue enamel finish ofwfocraiBed Springssuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place f or dustand lint.'And such sleeping comfort! Youjust naturally relax and drop ofBinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. No.sag. No rolling to the middle.A new shipment of thesespringsjias just reached usCome in, let us show you the many-good points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.OoDTrtghtad Shannon Bed Serins Co.. Inc.. Loulsvfllo. Ky.VrE17PARIS, KENTUCKYMotor Invalid Coach UndertakingHear1 ..4WV .5.-I.9:Z1SIXTH AND MAM1-17 1. i&1 "i- ' F- fVSfe p? ia '- .Vt.- -?. .5SfS A.-' 43-fvr-4?-v?V i'2 . ".''s.r,.- -j.svfi-23FRIDAY, SEPTEMBMtl'S, -l2rAGE SIXTHE BOURBON MBJ PA5tIS,:KEIOTJGKY,9Ewj S2 VCRIMPS, PAINS.. AND BACKACHESt Louis Woman Relieved byLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound-St. Louis, Mo. "I was bothered-with cramps and pains every month andhad backache andhad to go to bed as Icould not work. Mymother and mywhole f ainily alwaystook Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound for suchtroubles and theyinduced me to try itand it has helped mevery much. I don'thave cramps anymore, and I can dojDapppjpaMHUi IsapjjHp -. asaaaaaWffe. 1mfmmy housework all throueh the month.I recommend your Vegetable Compoundto my friends for female troubles."Mrs. Delia Scholz, 1412 SalisburyStreet, St Louis, Mo.Just think for a moment. Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound hasbeen in use for nearly fifty years. It isprepared from medicinal plants, by theutmost pharmaceutical skill, and superior methods. The ingredients thuscombined in the Compound correct theconditions which cause such annoyingsymptoms as had been troubling Mrs.Scholz. The Vegetable Compound exercises a restorative influence of the mostdesirable character, correcting the trouble in a gentle but efficient manner.This is noted, by the disappearance, oneafter another, of the disagreeablejymptoms.Biographer's Chief Task."One of the most delicate secrets ofbiography," says Gamaliel BradfordIn his "American Portraits, 1875-1900,""is the distinction between gossipand psychological and spiritual truth.Gossip, the mere accumulation ofpiquant but irrelevant details, maystimulate curiosity but it satiates andwearies in the end. But even insignificant touches, trifling actions, briefwords that throw open a wide windowupon the soul are inexhaustibly fascinating to the true analyst. It is theproper task of the biographer to separate gossip from the things that reallycount",' Celebrated for Untruthfulness.Ananias was a Bible character particularly celebrated for his untruthfulnes. As a member of the youngchurch of Jerusalem he conspired withhis wife, Sapphira, to make false pretenses respecting their gift of proper--tyto the community of the brethren,and was, with his wife, stricken dead.Ananias has since become the nameIn common parlance for one who notoriously takes liberties with thetruth.i Famous American Trees.The Charter oak of Hartford, Conn.,In the hole of which the colony's charter was hidden by Captain Wadsworth,aurvlved until 1856. when a storm de:ctroyed it In Annapolis, Md., thereis a poplar which the Annapolis folkcall the Liberty tree. It still standssturdy and green on the campus ofSt John's college. Under this treepatriots of the colony met and madetheir pronouncements for freedom.WOMAN REFUSESTO BECOME OLDMrs. Crawford of North CarolinaEnters Columbia Universityat Age of Seventy-One.irGRANDSOH JUST 6RIDIMTEDThis Mentally Alert GrandmotherWent to Vastar More Than Halfa Century Ago, but DeclaresThere Is No End to Growth.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' PILE OINTMENTFor Blind, Bleedmg and Itch'ing Piles.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00."WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Pups , Cleveland, OhioFor Sale ByOBERDOEFER, THE DRUGGIST$'BRIGHTER-EVENINGS3te3a-TTJust HistoryNew York. At seventy-one Mrs. A.P. Crawford of Greensboro, N. O., hasentered the summer session of Columbia university as a student Collegegraduate and Vassar student morethan half a century agot and motherof sl Mrs. Crawford Is studying inorder that she may keep mentally alertand up to date, which, she says, isthe real secret of youth. She is Columbia's oldest student"There Is no need to grow old, mentally at Jeastt" said Mrs. Crawford,who iirHving at 120 'West lltn streetduring her stay here. "Stagnation andintolerance are one's greatest foes inkeeping young. These changing timesdemand new viewpoints, and the woman of today must keep herself well in-Mrs. Crawford sees nothing unusual in "going o school" at her age,e3aInTnglharshe"fost her job" whenher children grew up and establishedthemselves, and in her long, busy lifeshe has never had as much leisure asshe would like for reading andstudy. Three of her five sons areteachers, another is a merchant inWinston-Salem, N. C, and the fifth isconnected with the Reynolds Tobaccocompany in that city.Grandson Just Graduated.A grandson, R. B. Crawford, wasgraduated from the University ofNorth Carolina last June. Her son, L.W. Crawford, is assistant director ofthe summer session at Columbia, Richard M. is teaching at William andMary college in Virginia and F. M.Crawford is an instructor in the highschool at Girard, O.Mrs. Crawford was a teacher herself for two years after graduationfrom the Greensboro College for Women in 1869, and a year of study atVassar, then just four years old. Marriage to a Methodist clergyman interrupted her work and brought with ithome duties and parish work, but shewas always an ardent reader, andkept herself young, she believes, bystriving always to be intellectuallyawake, keeping herself in constant association with young people and safeguarding her health with judicious exercise and simple rules of hygiene."There Is no end to growth," shedeclares energetically. Her sixweeks' study here she will use, sheexplained, as a basis for her readingduring the winter months at home.Philosophy and literature Interest hermost. Comparative literature andProfessor Montague's course in radical, conservative and reactionarytendencies in present-day morals arethe subjects she is taking -up here.Doesn't Condemn Flappers.Asked her opinion of the modern"flapper," she replied that the termwas used so indiscriminately that shewas not sure of its meaning, but thatshe did not condemn the young girlsof today for reaching out toward freer,broader lives. Girls of today do notstudy so hard as they used, she said,but have a broader and more intelligent outlook than the schoolgirls ofher generation. But no one has anyexcuse for narrowness and stagnationtoday, she declared, because knowledge has been made so accessible Inour schools, libraries and the wealthof periodicals in this country.Her physical youthfulness Mrs.Crawford attributes to a life full ofactivity, plenty of outdoor exerciseand obedience -to the fundamentallaws of hygiene. In Greensboro shelives with her daughter, whose twolittle girls, seven and eight, are "keeping up with grandmother" by goodrecords in school.,IIHSUIHUUIMMMftyJ -.-I TOThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.vsv-f."MkIn 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted hep guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time dots pus vHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.5 "4rPurkGw ft Electric Co.CAN THE JAPANESE SHOOT?Visiting General From Nippon An. swers Question With Ten Bullseyes In a Row.Peeksklll, N. Y. An American armyofficer on the National Guard riflerange asked Maj. Gen. H. Haraguchiof the Japanese army if the commissioned personnel of the Nipponeseforces was well trained "from theground up." v----The major general, in his finest uniform, resplendent in its decorations ofgolden lace, Its medals for braveryand distinguished service, its stripesand its leather fittings, was accompanying Adjt. Gen. J. Leslie Kinkaid,New York National Guard, down arain-drenched line of Seventh regiment men at practice on the 500-yardrange."May I take that soldier's rifle?" heasked the adjutant general. GeneralKinkaid nodded.The private handed over his rifleand into the muddy hole slid GeneralHaraguchi. He fired ten shots..From the pit under the target a soldier telephoned:"Ten straight bullseyea. Some shooting, Buddie." J"TCaragucffl, covered with mud, area,iled, nd tid: -j 'TT"Canned" Voices of All -Racesin Berlin MuseumI Berlin. A museum of livingI voices morethan 2,000 phono-1 graph, plates of prominent per-sonages, of wild tribes and allI races has been collected by 'I Prof. Wilhelm Doegen of the .i Berlin public library.I The professor believes thatI from this extraordinary museumj he could start a movement whichj would solidify peace In thej world, and he is now trying toi arrange for contact jvlth Ameri-can and other scientists."Furthering the mutual under-standing of the peoples as wellI as of scientific progress," hesaid, has always been the aim ofour work. For instance, thegeneral idea about the GhurkasI Is that- they jare a savage tribeI glorifying in bloodshed. Nowj take this record."The sounds of a beautiful and1 melancholy tune ceased.I "Can anyone imagine a tribeI having such songs and being a! mere set of cut-throats?" he con-I tinued.I -it.riiiimuiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMliiiniiiiHiiiiiiniliHiitHiiKHiiitiiiiiiiiiniiii miuiiiiiitnniiii iiinini i .TO CHART DEPTHS OF OCEAN"THE LAND THE L0BD SIDLESON"United States Will Send Two FormerNorth Sea Mine Sweepers on the" -i-m Work.Washington. Two former minesweepers, turning from the .pursuits ofwar to those of peace and science,are being remodeled in Delaware rivershipyards and are nearly ready toweigh anchor to start on an indefinitely long cruise in the Pacific oceanfor the United States coast and geodetic survey,.. .x--?crtT-TJ X -They are steamers Pioneer and Discoverer, formerly the Auk and thg Qsprey, which saw service in the Northsea. Now they are to be equippedwith the finest scientific Instrumentsfor sounding and surveying.Some time during the summer theyare to pass through the Panama canaland proceed up the Pacific coast toAlaska to sound and survey uncharted territory.Contrary to general belief, it was!said, there still -remains much uncharted territory in that region, andmany places show channels incorrectly marked and sounded. Also someplaces, once correctly surveyed andsounded, have been altered by the constant action of the waves.Eleven officers and 53 men havebeen enlisted to man each vessel, andwith the exception of the two commanding officers the crews have beenselected.The coast and geological survey hastaken over also a third mine sweeper,the Flamingo, from the Navy department, now lying at Portsmouth, N. H.,enlisting a crew. Following alterations she probably will join her sisterships in Alaskan waters.Honey, you ain't seen nothinIn dishig world of ours'Till you lives in KintuckyWid de bees, burds an' flow'rs.De burds dey sing dare sweetestClos' to de break ov dayWhen dey wake up folks what-Wuk, for dem .to clear de way. vDen de sun frou de CumberLands wid a mighty gazeLooks down on de bluegrassWhar de critters is, dat graze.De reason why dem hossesIs noted fur dare timeDe food dey eats is flavored :Wid de essence ov lime.De cows shore is qual-i-tyWid dare coats fine az silk,An' dey. gives sat-is-fac-tionIn buckets ov rich milk.Dem meadows keep de bumbleBees bizzy all day longAn' dey is well ac-quaintedWid de lark an' his song.Butterflies dey nake de gardensDare place ov abode ,Dem yaller ones day preferTo necter in de road.If you ask my o-pin-ion sAbout de golden rod,I'd say it jest ex-presses -De richness ov de sod.I tdmits dat de redburdAm a feast fur de eyesBut de one what has him beatSings when de daylight dies.Dens de time I gits lonesomeAn' dat burd knows it too,Coz he begins to prac ticeWhat de udder burds do.When-eber I is tired 'An' loaded down wid keres,I stops a-while an listensFur music frum de speres. ,.An az I sets here musin'On Heab'n an' sich thingsDere's de chance I'll feel deFannin' ov dem angel, wings.Jane Harris Rogers.St. Paul, Minn., 1922.TO HAVE GYPSY HONEYMOONNew Jersey Couple to Travel 10,000Miles in a Small AmericanCamionette.Constantinople. Mr. and Mrs. WaKter Curt of Caldwell, N. J., who weremarried'here last month, have left ona gypsy honeymoon trip of 10,000mil as around Europe. They will travelall the way in a small Americancamionette, with a chauffeur-cook, anda small tent of oiled silk. When theweather is too inclement for the tentthey will sleep in the motorcar. Theirhoneymoon will take in Greece, Bulgaria, Rumania, Jugo-Slavla, Poland,Czechoslovakia, Germany, Holland andFrance, averaging about 100 milesa day. They expect to complete theircaravan journey in time to reach NewYork on Thanksgiving day.The result of Doctor Curfs observations will be embodied in a series ofeconomic studies for the AmericanState department.BOY CATCHES WHITE CROWAbandons Round-up of Cows in Canadian Northwest to Capture, "Funny" Bird.Stettler, Alta., Canada. Mrs. KatieRottenfusser's eight-year-old son wassent out to bring in the cows for milking recently, and a short time laterthe mother saw the boy coming intothe barnyard, without the cows, butwith something In his arms.It was a pure white crow, whitehead, white feet, even white toenails.There Is not a black spot on its wholebody, and it seems as healthy as anycrow that caws."I just caught it in the old cornfield," was all the boy would say aboutthe capture of the rare bird. Mrs.Rottenfusser has offered to sell thecrow to a circus menagerie.LIVE WIRE CHARGES WATERWoman and Two Men Are Electrocuted, in Odd Accident ins Maine.NortlTAnson, Maine. A woman andtwo men were electrocuted here asthe result of a horse coming in contact with a, charged wire In a pool ofrainwater. A guy wir was crossedby a high tension wire and the horse.driven by Ora Pullen, struck It. PuIIen-was killed In going to the aid Sf theanimal, and Mrs. Thomas Moran andfWarren Nutting met death, when they-stepped into th-water fr aaaiit"COLD IN THE HEAD"is an acute attack of Isasal Catarrh.Those subject to frequent "colds in thehead" will find that the use of HiCLL'SCATARRH MEDICINE will build up theSystem and render them less liable tocolds. Repeated attacks of Acute Catarrh may lead to Chronic Catarrh.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE istaken internally and acts through theBlood on the Mucous surfaces of theSystem, thus reducing the inflammationand assisting Nature in restoring normalconditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo- Ohio.oArchitect of His Own Fortune.The proverb, "Every man is thearchitect of his own fortune," Is foundin most modern languages. Accordingto Sallust, Roman historian, thephrase originated with Appius ClaudiusCaecus, who held the office of censorin 312 B. C. A century later Plautus,a Roman dramatist, asserted that'thewise man is the maker of his ora fortune, and, unless he is a bunglingworkman,- little can befall him whichhe would wish to change." Anotherform is, "His own character is "thearbiter of everyone's fortune."oFreak Phrase.At the club the other evening theconversation turned to palindromes,words and phrases which spell thesame whether you start at the beginning or at the end. One member remarked that the best palindrome hehad ever seen the best because itwas a perfectly natural 'sequence ofwords in an advertisement was asign which appeared in a drug-storewindow many years ago. It was ata time when Red Root was popular asa curative agent and the palindromicsign ran: "Red Hoot Put Up to Order." Boston Transcript.oThe Gentle Hunter."Personally, you know, I am verjfond of hunting. "But, then, you see,I .belong to the society for the protection of animals. However, I founda way out of my difficulty. WheneveiI go hunting I use blank cartridges."La Baionnette..DrWaddell'sPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be OperatedI until you We trid Dr. Wadddl'afSRcMdy. Absolutely karaUM. Goutto gtrm abtqlnto atWtctkm ornfandd. 1.50prfettiU Ajonu not writ .Ml"(MedrcfneCoJpfI j;(xnmcdbp JnMeoameirjonnalEUX OPENINGI m f ftA A T tt .a IATVH4I r S"WktS 1A nthJwtdeenJjjunJreflA NTAJ3LJ5 COLLECTIQJ5 OFSTYLES FROM THEREMQST MAKERSOF THE COUNTRYH. 6 S. Pogue CompanyCINCINNATI - OHIOJ;fev--L.k." u. wgyggLJLJ-l-iBHBWpfBl". 'SCSJSJuBENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam thai possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drinkior Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 3,7Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sPor "Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"!FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HQLLADAYsTry Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTWlljllMltMMtWHWWHWWMllliMllllltMHGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTHDay '137TELEPHONESNishttfiiiiiiiiMiiHiiimniiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiinnniiiFATHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$64.46 per year on each $l.tt of loan pays both principal and later etNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAtk People Deposit Bank &Trust Go. Paris, 'or - NorthMiddletown Deposit Baak,North iMkkUet own. -KciituckyJcMntStockUjBiimkSecurity Trust EM.Ky.LOA,-r.. """ ,i im"vA -,. Yf -J-'v ""'-srv' - -1" -s!lurFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER II, 1MTHEBOURBON.NEWS,PAWS,KENTUCKYy iwf"msrwmmm'-Jmh3Over 30 Million"'-! T-tji. , f&tjhfiBottlCf 9MKentucky Sends Two MissionariesTo Serve In China and Palestinem& ' -tbu Can SoonFeel IttTHE UNIVERSAL CAU1t& r. '-StrengtKeninjJgftrYou Need One; Buy it NowInvtgoratuifmwt--.It Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your Businessf&JL1 ! " " Tpi'V J1 9.2"nlSJIITIHJk k&'JHBMnBnBnEiEnnnn5njMOTOELESS PLANESThe success of the German aeronaut, Hentzen, in his motorlessnights near Bersfeld, were evenmore spectacular and astonishingthen his early preliminary experwnients indicted. He has succeededin remaining in the air continuouslyfor more than three hours, takingoff from the level ground, and hovering motionless in the air or describing great circles soaring or descending at will, and finally, long after darkness had fallen, gliding silently down into the valley of theFulda River without the slightestmishap.Glenn H. Curtiss, stimulated bythe German experimenters, is aboutto try out a glider of his own for thepurpose of testing the possibilitiesof lighter construction for airplanes,and to study air currents. He declares that the machine he is to usecan he operated successfully as anareoplane by installing a six-horsepower motor.The glider, as such, will, ofcourse, have but little value exceptas a means of mastering the secretsof the air currents, but its development will doubless lead to the construction of very small and light machines which can be operated withcomparativly little mechanical energy, and which can be maneuveredeasily even with the power shut off.The sky may some day be as thickwith these light planes as the streetsare to-day with motor cars. Where,then, shall we go for safety exceptto "a lodge in some vast wilderness?" oADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper and&r absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order,tn-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.ECZEMAWoney.back without questionU HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap),fail inthe treatment ofltch. Eczema,RineworxnjTetterorotheritch-ing skin diseases. Try thietreatment at our ritk.VABDEN ft SON,Puis, Ky.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BA1BEIS-4Modem Ejnipmemt.Expert and Polite SerrioeHOT AND GOLD BATHSPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,00000OFFICERSFrank p. jmt, PrridBt "S- I. Wtatktw, Yl PrwlitatW. TOMitoktll, CaAUr ,Jno. w. Yrk, Aaat Caahlcrutm Pe4t Jr., Bo4kk4Y$-jK.ff77farmers i mmBANK 'acarMiss Sarah Frances Gayle (1), Falmouth, Ky., who sailed September 2 from Seattle on the Admiral. Liner PresidentJackson (3) for North China, where she will he engaged in evangelistic work under the Foraign Mission Board ofthe Southern Baptist Convention. ReY. -F. B. Pearson (2) of Winchester, Ky., who was marjpl Sept. 5 to MissRuthCasey, of Birmingham, Ala., will sail soon for Jerusalem to do missionary work in Palestinpr A. J. Logan, of Louisville, and Rev. and Mrs. Jt L. Moye, of Corydon, Ky., are also under appointment of the Board for foreign service, bathave deferred their sailing in order toW1-'ITH the sending out this seasonfifty new missionaries by theForeign Miauion Board of theSouthern Baptist Convention, 250-newworkers have been sent -to foreignfields during the 75 Million Campaign,or one-half the goal that was set inthe number of workers to be providedduring that movement. It is anticipated the remaining 250 will go outduring the remainder of the Campaignperiod that will expire in December,1924. The workers going out this sea-eon will enter the fields of Chia, Ja-pan, Africa, Palestine, Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Chile and Mexico. .Inasmuch as the largest missionaryeffort of the denomination is centeredin the Orient, the larger portion of the-workers sailed from Seattle Saturday,September 2, on the Admiral LinerPresident Jackson for stations inChina and Japan. The missionariesfor fields on other continents sailfrom New York on various lines andsome of them will not depart untilSeptember 30.Varied Types Workers SentIncluded in the list of missionariesare preachers and evangelists, teachers, doctors, nurses, one architect, oneexpert in domestic science, and special workers among women and children. William Earle Hines of Spartanburg, S. C, who goes to Shanghai tosupervise the construction of all mis-ionary buildings in China, enjoys theWOMEN WORK ON BALLOONSSo delicate is the work on the silkenfabric which is in use for navy balloons that women are employed at the' naval aircraft factory in Philadelphija.The photograph shows one of the fairworkers engaged in making the balloon envelope of the balloon whichwas sent to Geneva, Switzerland,as the navy entry in the internationalballoon race and flown by Lieut. Walter S. Reed.THIS ENGINEER WAS GALLANTHe Stopped His Train and Landed BigTarpon Fish for MississippiWoman.-Biloxi, Miss. There is no lack ofgallantry on the part of this Louisville& Nashville passenger engineer orwas it his overwhelming love forangling?The chauffeur of one of the "Ellen's"palatial trains sped on to the bridge atOcean Springs. On the bridge Mrs. W.M. Lampton was wrestling with a fishing pole that was jerked hither andyon too wildly for feminine strength.It was a tarpon on the hook, whereasMrs. Lampton had gone into the spjartmodestly hoping to catch a little messof trout for supper.For 45 minutes Mrs. Lampton andthe tarpon fought a game battle w(ithtae score standing about even. TheL. A N. engineer procured the heavyirom hook with which his firemaniha&Mdown the grate bars and withtkla jaadatha tarpogbcaptiyria a Jiffy.3syJ ' aBBBBBVBBB --',2rav ' ,. ' w V" 1-' BlaBBB0BBiaaaBMiaF '" ' Je '- f t -jaaC2UBB1k .aBBBBaBI ?t :'' --4;. ' '''.' AT VSVK& iaT!M v-'t-.v -jy aBMVMm 'jtake further special training in this country.distinction of being the first architectever sent out by the Foreign MissionBoard, and his appointment indicatesthe vast extent of the Southern Baptist work in that country. More thanhalf of the total number of missionaries in the employ of this board arelocated in China, where the results oftheir labors are very gratifying to theofficers of the Board.Large interest centers, also, in thelaunching of an intensive missionarywork in Palestine, to which countrythere go Rev. and Mrs. Fred BunyanPearson of Moulton, Ala., and Rev. andMrs. J. Walsh Watts, of Laurens, S. C.Some native missionaries are alreadyat work in Palestine, and the outlookthere is considered very encouraging,despite the present complicatetd political and racial controversies. .Campaign Brings EnlargementIn addition to the sending out of 250new workers to foreign fields the 75Million Campaign has made it possibleto increase the number of nativeworkers from 771 to 1172, to practically double the missionary equipment inthe older fields of China, Japan, Africa, Italy, Brazil, Argentine, Chile,Uruguay and Mexico, and to enter thenew fields of Spain, Jugo-Slavia, Hungary, Roumania, Southern Russia, Palestine and Siberia. Southern Baptistsnow have a practically -unbrokenstring of mission fields encircling theglobe, and a possible mission audience jThe fish weighed S5 pounds?All the passengers quickly becameinterested and husked off the scales ofthe tarpon for souvenirs.IMPRISONED WITHIN A HEARSEWorkman Was Accidentally LockedInside When the Driver An-twered a Death Call.Salem, Ore. Visions of spooks entered the mind of ajocal hearse driverwhen he heard the cries of a manechoing from within the closed carrier.At the time of the strange occurrence,the driver was on his way to the country to answer a death call. The driver at first thought he was the victimof a hallucination, but as the cries continued he decided to investigateLeaving his seat the driver rushedto the rear of the hearse and openedthe door. Out jumped a man, andexplanations followed. The man saidhe had been assigned to make, somerepairs, and had. been given no notice that the hearse was .to leave thegarage. The rear door was' slammedand the workman wa's temporarily imprisoned. The roar of the ""enginedrowned out the man's cries, and thehearse was several miles from thecity before he could attract the attention of the driver.Hit by Bolt, Turns Somersault.Haddonfield, N. J. Lightning strucka tree under which Edward Armstadwas standing back of his home, 114Potter street, caused him to turn adouble somersault and he fell back apparently dead. Other members of thefamily who witnessed the flash causedhim to be taken to the Cooper hospital,Camden, where he regained consciousness. There were burns on one of hislegs as the result of his experience.Were Pretty Well Advanced.--Cheatingcontractors rfand crookedofficials of Suinerian civilization inMesopotamia 5,000 years ago weretried briefly and thrown into the river,according to recent scientific discoveries. Among other things, they hadan elaborate banking system, with areserve bank comparable to our ownof today, a postal system with a,parcel post branch and circulating libraries, which distributed "clay tabletbooks.0" Oh Csld Reflection.Sometimes this- appears to be -'amean old world. Dallas (Tex.) Mora-upzncwa.-mof 900,000,000 people, or one-half thetotal population of the globe.And the results on the field havekept pace with the larger investmentin the work and number of workers.Since the outset of the Campaign theForeign Mission Board reports the organization of 117 new churches, 21,723baptisms, 211 new Sunday schoolswith a gain of 17,576 pupils, nativecontributions to Baptist work- of $1,003,390.684 and 529,642 treatments acUministered by missionary physicians.Churches on the foreign fields, exclusive "of the new terriotry iif Europeand the Near East, now number 622with 64,251 members. There are also971 Sunday schools with 53,691 pupils,and 694 mission schools of all gradeswith 26,507 students.Expense Rate Is LowMore than $6,250,000 net has gonefrom the Campaign into foreign mission work, and so economically havethese funds been handled, the Boardreports, that 96.24 cents out of everydollar, has actually reached the' foreign fields, only 3.74 cents out of eachdollar being required to cara for thetotal cost of-administration. But withthese larger receipts nd economicaladministration the Board is unable tomeet the demands upon it, and at itslast annual meeting it was compelledto reduce the requests of the missionaries on the field for appropriationsby more than"l,000,000.mniiiHHimuiiiiiuiiiuuiuiumiiuuuiiiiiiiiiniiHHnHiiiuniuuiniiiuiiiiiuuuiiiiiiuuiHMiH,He Broke Monte CarloBank and Died BrokeParis. Charles Deville Wells,the "man who broke the bank atMonte Carlo" and hero of thesong heard wherever the Englishlanguage was spoken in theearly nineties, died in Paris recently In . such abject povertythat bis death ""passed unnoticeduntil more than a month afterward. He was eighty-one yearsold.Wells, after a record run ofluck at Mpnte Carlo, soon became a bankrupt. He had manyother vicissitudes, includingseveral terms in jails and penitentiaries in England and Francefor obtaining money under falsepretenses. He used to blossomout with many get-rieh-qulckschemes. One of them was asystem whereby he claimed anyroulette wheel might be beatenby a player with a sufficientbank roll. Applicants for thesystem, however, generally wererelieved of their bank rolls before reaching the roulette wheel.IMiliiuimmuiMinwtmimrommm.tnanunimimBniiMmMnniiiui 'Porridge Makes Scots Sturdy.Has porridge made Sails sturdy?New light has been thrown upon thissubject by the discovery within thelast few years that porridge may havea strong effect upon the mysteriouspituitary gland which is a small organat the base of the brain, determiningour .size nnd physical characteristics.If this little chemical factory is tooactive weure liable to become giants;if it does not work hard enough wemay be Tom Thumbs. Some doctorsnow say that porridge makes the glandwork in such a jtvay as to produce thehigh cheek bones and splendid bodieswhich are the trademark of the Scot.pSermon's Real Duration."De importance of what you has tosay' said Uncle Eben, "depends intirely on de attention you kin git forit A sermon, ain't actually no longerdan you kin 'keep de congregationawake.". uNo Cfmmistion on Lattr.1 received two orders today." wfotaa canvasser to the .publishing; .flrnpsonelfor, a.setVjf Dickens 'aridtheoth-,tSiBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou ' Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MANRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYParis, KentuckyIKlBKXir.wm:-:IxIBourbon Laundry IDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors I1-h4Telephone No. 4XThe Bourbon Laundrjr.XV.iLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGai2SIHHHpRJEsLB1 1nI 1WE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods jofour scientific profession.Two -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to7 July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St, Near MfeNi . Botk,, w -r 7 kfc 4vFOR YOUR DISTRICTi:West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, 'and solicityour patronage.XIIXIFaris,Kentucky Xj - -sut-.-ac-Z- nr-iA-4-V-. -J&TJy-'iarr1' 7 -5Tj3l,-?i'lisp'--si-s;c&'"...ftsiJttMC It. U21:&m'l!gr3G& xssyzft&H&iytsfi-v32 &3''l. ' . ,s--rt- " r-3 s 4--Mr 3m3. 583-- ff .- Xi 3te Si . -'&ri"&iaJ"V " Ar's.Ti-t J-,-s'"if '!&'U-'!?1 -jr'?f---'i!e- ---:",,s1 fvface mom.rTHE BOURBON NUTS, PARIS, KENTUCKY5"" -FRIDAY, l&EPTBMBI&l IS, 12, jHOLLERSBURGlilirMtuig Hews Items From Bourdon County's College Town- Mrs. Mamie Hule, who has jjeenTery ill for several days, is reportedjauch better.Miss Carolyne Mclntyre will be"hoetess Saturday afternoon to the"Twentieth Century Club.Mrs. Earl Peterson and little(daughter, Jonell, are guests of Mrs.vJLnderson, Mrs. Peterson's aunt, iniFlemingsburg.Mrs. William Metcalfe was hosttess to the Young Peoples Missionary Society of the Methodist church"Tuesday night.The coal shortage was greatlyirelieved here this week when each-of the coal merchants received'shipments of coal.Dr. H. C. Burroughs has returned from an extended visit withTlis daughter, Mrs. James Spencer,an Springfield, Mass.Rev. W. D. Welburn and Mrs."Welburn and Mrs. Pruitt, mother of.Mrs. Welburn left Wednesday for"Pleasureville for their new pastor--ate."- Rev. Marvin Adams has accepted a call as pastor of the Baptist-church and. will enter upon the pas-'i-torate the second Sunday in October. Mrs. Roy Pope and little daughter and sister-in-law, Miss FrancesOlevenger, of Ashland, are guests of3frs. Pope's parents, Mr. and Mrs.;S. E. Bruce.A message was received here"Wednesday from Virginia, announcing the death of Mr. Sam Berry, wholormerly owned the James Arthurfarm near Headquarters.Mr. Sam Endicott received a-telegram Wednesday saying his son,.Albert Endicott, was ill in Denver,-Colorado. Mr. Endicott left Wednesday night for Denver.liss Josephine Lake and Mr.JTulian Feeback were married Monday morning at the home near Col--ville,the pastor Rev. W. W. Morton,-of the Presbyterian church officiating. The bride is the daughter of;Mr. and Mrs. H." S. Lake, and the.groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs.-Jesse Feeback. The happy coupleleft immediately after the ceremonyfor Louisville. On their return"home they will reside on the farmof Mr. Feeback.Chas. Martin, R. T. Vimont, A. SMiller, Jack Collier, A. S. Best, ClaySutherland, Louis F. Vimont, R. S.McDaniel, A. J. Thaxton, F. B.Robertson, (Mt. Sterling), Mack M.Jones, Byron Smith (Lexington),Stewart McCormick (Mt. Sterling),Carlton Ball;. Lawrence Price,(Paris), Sam Martin, J. H. Burroughs, Richard Metcalfe, J. W.Miller, W. A. Butler, A. F. Moffett,W. D. Mclntyre, E.N M. Vanpelt(Lexington), F. C. Piatt, ClarenceBaldwin (Paris), W.' F. Baumstark(Cynthiana), Turney Clay (Paris),Vimont Layson, J. F. Jefferson, Julian Allen, Roy Endicott, J. P. Redmon, H. C. Current, W. M. Layson,R. H. Lane (Mt. Sterling), FrankCaldwell, S. D. Gay (Mt. Sterling),G. E. Reynolds, M. M. Gay (Mt.Sterling), Julian Adair, Garrett Jefferson (Paris), Protor Wood, MackGrimes Cletis Evans, E. S. Barton.oMASTER'S SALE OF BOTJBBONCOUNTY LANDBOURBON COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL- " NOTESCounty Tjuant Officer, Mrs.Robert Bell, was a visitor at the-.school Monday.Mrs. Harry Richart will begin herlessons in piano Monday. Mrs.Richart will also give public schoolmusic in all the grades.The enrollment has now reachedH88. fifty of this number being inHigh School. Among the visitors at"Wednesday Chapel exercises wereProf. J. M. McVey and Mrs. McVey,of Paris, Mr. ''Ernest Darnaby, 'ofdlintonville, both making interesting talks Other vfsitors present-were Mesdames Henry Patterson,. Arnold Case, James McConnaughliay, Pearl Hill, James Burroughs,TV. F. Saunders, Russell-Jones, J.W. Lancaster, Clara Dabney, LauraMaston, Misses Bess Payrief Cynthiana, Fannie Burroughs, ElizabethBoston; Messrs. R. L. Powell, M. E.. Pruitt, Dr. Hart, Clintonville.M. M. I. BANQUET" The M. M. I. Alumni Associalion organized September 11. After-the business session a banquet was-enjoyed in the duiing hall at M. M.X, which was filled to its capacity.An elaborate menu was served by-the Ladies' Aid Society of the Christian Church. The following Officers-rere elected:President, 'Marion Gay; Vice-President,Turney Clay; Secretary, Carl--tonBall: Treasurer, A. S. Miller.Advisory Boar.d McShane Shop--tskire,'Thos.Piatt, Lawrence Price,J. F. Jefferson, Wm. Fant.Member of M. M. I. AthleticCouncil Joe Penn Redmon.Entertainment Committee ClaySutherland.' Constitution and By-Laws Vi--montLayson, Jack Thaxton, James3filler.v .Program of Meeting Toastmas--'ter Carlton Ball; Opening PrayerRev. G. W. Nutter, pastor ofChristian Churchj. Welcome Address- Col. W. R. Nelson, of M. M. I.;-Response toCarlton Ball; "Looking Ahead foryL M. I.," Mr. 0. R. Rankin;'"'' Value of An Educated Man in the'aCommunity," Rev. G. W. Nutter;-"Church and Athletics," Rev. W. W.Morton, pastor o'f the Presbyterian.-Church; "Value of An Ideal in theSchool," Rev. W. D. Welburn, pastor of the Methodist church;-'Scliool Athletics," J. Ward Reese,-" Athletic Director for M. M. I.;-"Purpose of the Alumni Association," Julian Adair.;Shprt talks (impromptu) werewAlso made by Rev. P. F. Adams, pastor of the . Methodist church atJFlemingsburg, Morris M. Vanpelt,Lexington, Clay Sutherland, Paris,JLawcence Pride, Paris.Tke Official Board of M. M. I. andae ministers of Millersburg, also:Rev. P. A. Adams, of Flemingsburg,:md Mt. J. Ward Reese, were guestsot the Alumni Association at therfanmet Tne guests present were:CO. H. Rankin, Rev. G. W. Nutter,TtrrW. W. Morton, Rev,. W. D. Wel"fcurmReTT P. F. Adams (Flemingsfbw, Foster Adams (Fleiriingsrt),'HiH Puriy; CMai. 'Layson,Attend Master's sale of 225 acrefarm near Clintonville, at the frontdoor of the court house, in Paris,Kentucky September the 16thr SeeMaster Commissioner's advertisement on page two of this issue. Absolute sale and no reservations.(8:12-15)SPEARS MILLSHallie Hudnall is visiting hisbrother. Wm. Hudnall.Miss Mabel Wilson is visitingher sister, Mrs. Clifford Dragoo.Thomas Wilson, Jessie Sandersand James Dragoo have returnedafter a two-weeks' visit at Mt. Sterling. Mr. and Mrs. William Hudnalland daughter, Mildred Louise, wererecent guests of their mother, Mrs.J. C. Hudnall.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Corbinand son, Bryant, Mr. and Mrs. TobeGardner visited Mr. and Mrs. S. K.Hudnall, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. S. R: Hudnalland son, John Joseph, are visitingMrs. Hudnall's parents, Mr. andMrs. Joseph Corbin, at. Frankfort.The Spears Mill baseball team,which played Sunday, was defeatedby the Escondida team by the scoreof 9 to 7. The Spears Mill teamwill play at home Sunday. tMr. and Mrs. W. D. Wagonerand family, Mr. and Mrs. Dora Wagoner and son, Harold Elwood, arevisiting their parents, Mr. ' and Mrs.Ora Wagoner, in Falmouth.LODGE NOTESAt the last meeting of RathboneLodge, Knights of Pythias, the PageRank was conferred on Silas Lawrence, of the city. At the regularmeeting last night Mr. Lawrencewas given the Second Rank work.From all indications a large crowdof Pythians will ge on the K. of P.outing- to the Pythian Home atLexington, on Sunday, September17th.PRESS J?AIR TO HIM(Washington Post)Men prominent in public life occasionally complain of the manner inwhich their utterances and actionsare handled in the newspapersSometimes one of them will resort tothe expedient of refusing to receivenewspaper men, but- such attemptsare rarely of long duration, becausesooner or" later the official has something he wishes to convey to thepublic and press is the most logicaland effective channel of distribution. Among those, on the .otherhand, who have no complaint tomake regarding their treatment bywriters, former Vice-PresidentMarshall is a prominent figure.While receiving a group of newspaper, men at the Willard during hisrecent visit to Washington, he declared that in all his political careerhe had never had occasion to complain because of the way in whichthe papers had treated him."I'm rather at a loss to understand that," he said. '"Nearlyevery one I know has had a littletrouble along that line, now andthen at least, with papers that wereopposing his policies. But I havealways been treated very fairly,Neibuu, ui. m. m. x., ,nd Qf cours6f that nas been aWelcome Address f f iAam,. "Mr Marshall then took thewriters into his confidence by admitting that he sometimes thought hehad made a mistake by not takingup newspaper work as a profession."I can't think of anything thatwould be niQre pleasant than to beable to write about any subject inwhich I was interested and to havethousands of readers of my views,"he declared.oEMBARRASSINGMATRIMONIAL"A Seoord of Dan Cupid's .Doings AThe Days iio ByCounty Clerk. Pearce Patonissued a marriage license to Robt.Ryder, eighteen, and Miss IdaRogers, seventeen, both of' Paris.Clerk Paton also issued a license toHenry Howard, twenty three, andMiss Lula Merrill, twenty-one,both ,of Millersburg. Mr. Howardis a son of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Howard, and Miss Merrill is a daughterof Mr. and Mrs. James Merrill.The following announcementsare being sent out:"Mrs. .A. W. Plummerannounces the marriage of herdaughterLillian MamietoMr. George C. McLeod, Jr.,on Thursday, the seventh ofSeptemberOne thousand nine hundred andtwenty-twoParis, Kentucky.At Home,Paris, KentuckyRoute 7."CROUCH GALBRAITH-Announcement is made of themarriage of Miss Lucille Crouch, ofLittle Rock, and Mr. William W.Galbraith, of Carlislewhich tookplace o April 12. TJk bride is anative of Little Rock. Wey preferred "to keep the news of jeir wedding a secret, and the ampuncement just made is in furtherance ofthat plan. 'ELLIS JESSEMiss Virginia Ellis, eighteen,and Dr. Middleton Jesse, twentytwo, both of Shelbyville, motored toParis, Tuesday afternoon, and weremarried at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church,at the corner of Tenth and Mainstreets. ' Following' the ceremonyDr. and "Mrs. Jesse returned to Shelbyville, where Dr. Jesse is associated with his father, in the practiceof medicine. The bride is a daughter of R. A. Ellis, of Shelbyville,and is a beautiful and very accomplished young woman.DELANEY KARNAPAvmessage to -Mrs. Cora Delaneyof Paris, from her son, Virgil Delaney, told of his marriage at Ashland, to Miss Mildred Karnap, ofthat city. The ceremony was performed at Ashland ,by a local minister two months ago, but had beenkept a secret until the announcement was maile through the messageto Mrs. Delaney.While a resident of Paris, Mr.Delaney was employed at the undertaking, establishment of George R.Davis. For the past year he hasbeen connected with the firm of J.W. Mock & Co., funeral directois,in Ashland.t P'S&r ff -3 ' "ALANO2:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren. 10cSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book .5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box Officeill-.zi LlT1V, VsFRIDAY Double Feature Day " FRIDAYBLANCHE SWEETm "Help Wanted Male"A Ripping Romance Merry Merciful and Mischievous.""HALF A CHANCE"with Mahlon Hamiton and Lillian Rich, -Don't miss this Dig double feature program.GRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults 30cGallery .....20cChildren 1 1 OcSATURDAY Goidwyn Presents SATURDAY'MAN FROM LOST RIVER'with Fritzi Brunette and House Peters"The Man Fr6m Lost River" will lead you down the magic trail of loveto the valley of contentment.ALSO PATHE NEWS AND SUNSHINE COMEDY, "ONE MINUTE,PLEASE.Monday ?&& Alamo Monday'The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe'Universal Serial Chapter No. 1I WILL ROGERSin "DOUBLING FOR ROMEO"Mothers, Come and Bring Your Kiddies.DEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayMORGANMrs. Frankie Waller Morgan,aged seventy-five, died at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,after j& long illness. She was thewidow of the late Bruce Morgan, ofDallas, Texas, and a sister-in-lawof. John Morgan, of Lexington, whowas buried in the Paris CemeteryTuesday afternoon. The funeralwas held at the Baptist church, inLexington, and the interment tookplace on the family lot in he Carlisle Cemetery.services conducted at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere: Claude Johnson, B. Linville, M. Jjefferson, Oscar Gibbons,Aaron Linville and Chas. Thompson.'o-"SUCCESS TO THE POOL"BEATTJMrs. Laura Betty, aged fortytwo, formerly of Cincinnati, diedTuesday afternoon at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Silas Linville. in Thorn tnn Divisinn fnlivnri ing a protracfted illness froms tuber-jculosis. She was the widow of Geo.jBeatty, who died a few years ago.I Besides ier parents she is survivedby two daughters, Miss . Chromie(Beatty and Mrs. Hazel Scanlan, bothof Cincinnati..The funeral was held at 3:30(Shelby Sentinel)Favoring weather gives the farmer a splendid opportunity to cut andhouse his tobacco. When one makesa little mental calculation he findsthat a successful tobacco croptouches more of our papulation thanany tther crop in the county, withthe possible exception of corn.This year's corn crop has beengreatly damaged by the recent stormand therefore tobacco becomes forthis reason a bigger mainstay forour people.A greater diversification with improved farm methods would be productive of better crop results. Afterall the farmer and his man, John,should gef a greater compensationfor his year's toil.It is timely to remark that the"pool" working successfully will bea blessing for the grower of tobacco from the fact that this crop is hismainstay this yeaf. The work ofthe "pool" last year should satisfyanyone that the movement thatbrings agreater price is the one too'clock yesterday afternoon, with ' pin faith on. Success to the "pool."BIRTHSNear Jacksonville, to the .wifeof Frank Nichols, a daughter. MissNichols was formerly Miss MaudeLeach, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JoeLeach.Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Sternare -welcoming the arrival of alovely little daughter, bora at theirhome on Mt. Airy avenue, Monday.The new heir weighed nine pounds.The following announcementcards have been sent out:"Dr. and Mrs. Milton J. Sternannounce the birth of theirdaughter,Oix the eleventh day of September,Nineteen hundred andtwenty-two."Paris, Kentucky."ICE CEEAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, " willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY, '(july28-tf) 429 Main St.SAMS BEHELERParis friends of the groom havereceived the following announcements:"Mr. and Mrs. James R. Samsannounce the marriage of theirdaughter,Elizabeth MaytoMr. William Ernest Beheler,on Tuesday, the fifth of September,nineteen hundred and twenty-two, iLouisville, Ky." vMr. Beheler is a former residentof Paris, a, student of the Paris High 'School, and has a wide circle offriends here and in the county, who 'are extending congratulations andbest wishes. 'LAKE FEEBACKMiss Jesephine Lake and Mr.Julian Feeback, both of Millersburg,were united in marriage Mondaymorning at the home of the bride, jtne Kev, w. Morton, pastor of theMillersburg Presbyterian church,officiating. The bride is a daughterof Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Lake, of Col-ville. The bridegroom is a son ofMr. and Mrs. Jesse Feeback. Imme- jdiately after the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Feeback left for a short honey- Jmoon trip to Louisville, to attendthe State Fair, and to visit rela-'tives. On their' return they will reside at the home of Mr. Feeback, inMillersburg.COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL FAIR(Savana News)Six year-old Dora returned un-usually early from school the otherday. She rang the door bell. Therewas no answer. She rang again, a'little longer. Still there was noresponse. A third time she pressedthe button, lpnd and hard. Nobodycame to the door and she pressedher nose against the window paneand in ashrill voice which caught'the ears of every neighbor called:"'It's all right, mamma, I'm notth imatallmeat mam." -.. .Arrangements are rapidlyA beingforwarded ;f or holding the secondannual Bourbon County High SchoolFair, to be- given on the CountyHigh School grounds at Millersburg,on Friday, October 13. A more extensive program than that of' lastyear is being promoted.The committee in, charge is comppsedof .Russell Hunt, W. F. Saunders, Mrs. T. J. Jjidy and Miss MaryvanMeter. Tne exhibits will consist of all kinds of livestock, poultry, needlework "and cooking. Theentries of the Junior AgriculturalClub will be limited to members..All of the judging will be done inthe morning, the judges to be chosen from the College of Agricultureof The University of Kentucky. !A sale of pure bred hogs will beheld in the afternoon. A dinner, jconsisting of burgoo, sandwichesand coffee, will be served on thegrounds.Prosperity seems to .like to visitthe people who work and sare..xGETTING THE KIDDIESSHOD FOR SCHOOLIt takes more than ordinary footwear to stand th e rompingof the average red-blooded school boy or girl.We make a specialty of Shoes for School Children. Ourshoes are made on correct lasts and are fitted with an eyeto preventingcorns and bunions as well as to give theutmost in service.Realizing that a great many women will prefer the regularhigh shoes this fall, we have placed in stock several neatstyles for street wear at money-saving prices.One-inch heel Oxford, the latestthing in women's Oxfords, a very " ,vsmart blucher. It has every feature of a top-notch style, special.$4.95Further -reduction on all remainingWhite Canvas Slippers for quickclearance, while they last, $1.294 Mr$1.45Ladies' Oxfords and Strap Slippers,former ?2.9& and $3.99 grades . .Ladies' Satin Slippers, Tan Oxfordsand Patent, values to $4.50, reduced to . .- ,Men's Tan Shoes and Oxfords, Eng-i$1.95$2.85lish and Blucher, reduced to . . . JBHjBoys', Youths' and Little Gents' tanSchool Shoes, specialLadies' Patent Strap Slippers -andTan Oxfords, values $4.00, reduced to$1.99$2.45Men's Tan Scout Shoes, $250 value,on sale$1.79Men's Tan and Black Walk-Overfj fpShoes, $8.00 value, on sale J4.UJNobby Oxford, splendid for SummerSport kear, with low heels, givingthe ankle good support for longwalks, in tan orN black, special-.52.95-; 2bfr-PO SINTER BROS:DAN COHEN STAND. i336 MAIN STREET-v. .y -XS St.JS V -. i .- J21vv'-irwin"-- -