I, ,.'f ,J,f. v-tyijyr .".,-" fel Ja J" V ' "THEc fustic -z v-w r vt4Pe' sp'wwwte3"t '!&.,. t 7" o&Kasjsx, J' .- "T-Mr?W-fe&wuet.UEiSJ:'iw .v3ir ff sr W -... -n-ii.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY DN THE YEAR.--VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 7, 1922"V " . , JBOURBONNEWSRELIGIOUS'A Eeiume of Events In Eeligioui-. Circlet Tor Xresent andFuture'Fire destroyed the tabernacle at-the Mt. Hope Camp meeting groundsnear Poplar Plains, in Flemingcounty. The fire was apparently of"incendiary origin. There was noinsurance on the structure. It wasexpected to open the grounds onJuly 20.Rev. Frank M. Tinder has tendered his resignation to the congregation of the North Middletown'Christian church, and will go toX.exington to reside. The resignation will take effect the latter partof August. Rev. Tinder has accepted the pastorate of the Providence Christian church, in Fayettecounty. Rev Tinder has been inNorth Middletown for several years,and is one of the most widely-knownministers in Cnetral Kentucky.Prior to going to North Middletown"he was pastor of the Christianchurch at Carlisle.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHThe sermon subjects for Sun'day are: Morning, "Stripped ForAction," evening, "Living Behind'The Bars." At the close of theanorning service a congregationalmeeting will be held for the purpose of electing four deacons. Thismeeting has been postponed for sometime. It is hoped that all of themembers of the church will make aneffort to be at this congregationalmeeting. Hours of service: Preaching, 10:55 a. m. and 7:30-p. m; Sunday School, 9:30 a. m.; ChristianEndeavor, 6:45 p. m. Everybordywe1 come.The Junior Endeavor of the Presbyterian church will meet with theSenior Endeavor at 6:30, Sundayevening. A special meting of theJuniors will be held at 6:00 in theJunior room, and all members areurged to come.CHRISTIAN CHURCHSunday morning at 10:45 Rev.W. E. Ellis will have as his subject, "The Crusader." The servicein the evening will be at 7:15, andwill be on the front lawn of thechurch and will consist mostly ofsinging. However, Mr. Ellis willspeak for a few minutes. His topic-for Mrtie vesper service -will' be the"Two Tremblers." The public is cordially invited to both services.Sunday School will meet at 9:30.The Woman's Society will meetTuesday, July 11th, at 10 o'clock,in the church parlors for an all daysewing. Lunch will be served andthe business session held in the af--ternoon.The regular meeting of the Woman's Missionary Society will beTield in the church parlors at 3 p.m. Friday, July 7, with the newpresident, Mrs. Wallace Kenney, inthe chair. The meeting will be preceded by an executive session ofofficers and group leaders at 2:30.Mrs. John T. Hedges' group willliave charge of the program.oOEDEE YOIIE BLACOEEEIESDon't wait until they are allone before you place your order.Order to-day and you will get themas soon as possible.C. P. COOK & COoCOMMUNITY SEEYIGE WEEKThe colored division of Community Service is planing a program ofactivities for the week beginningJuly 21, through July 28, whichwill be known as Community Service"Week, and all proceeds realizedfrom the various entertainmentswill be given to Community Service. The program, which will beginwith a pageant, entitled "The Perfect Woman," and which will bestaged by the summer school teachers Friday evening, July 21, in theWestern High School auditorium, isin charge of the Community Service-Committee and the local executivesecretary.oC0UET NEWSSheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputy Sheriff James Gibson raidedthe establishment of Andrew Love,in the colored suburb of Claysville,and captured eleven negroes, allbeing charged with gambling.When arraigned before CountyJudge George Batterton, two werefined $20 and costs. The otherswere discharged after they hadproved that they were merely spectators. Will Hayes, colored, who escapedIrom officials of the Sheriff's officeTecently, when they raided a crapgame near Hutchison, was captured"by Lexington police in that city. Ina telephone conversation with County Judge Batterton, Hayes entereda plea of guilty, and was fined $30and costs, ten dollars more than wasgiven the eleven men arrested atthe time of the raid. Hayes paidthe ine amd was released from custody.?PAEIS AND LEXINGTON AUTOSCOLLIDEMr. and Mrs. Fred Burke and theirfour-year-old daughter, Luretta, ofLexington, were severely cut aboutthe head and face shortly afterseven o'clock, Tuesday night, whenthe machine in which they wereriding crashed into another, drivenby Braxton Howard, colored, ofParis, at the corner of Jefferson andEast Third streets, in Lexington.The Burke machine was goingsouth on Jefferson street and theother machine was going east onThird street when the crash came.Both cars were overturned, with, theBurke machine suffering the moreserious damage, with a brokenwheel and smashed fenders.Mrs. Burke' and , daughter weretaken to St. Joseph's Hospital,where their wounds were dressed.Mr. Burke suffered from a scalpwound. Howard was unhurt.Both Howard and Burke were arrested, charged with reckless driving. Their cases were continued inPolice Court Wednesday morninguntil July 12, on account of members of the Burke family being unable to be present.oF. & C. TIME TABLE CHANGE UNSATISFACTORY As the result of a change in theschedule of the Frankfort & Cincinnati railway between Frankfortand Paris, effective Saturday, traveland mail service in the afternoonfrom Louisville to Stamping Groundand other stations on the road except Georgetown, has been renderedimpossible. Among places on theroad shut off by the change areElizabeth and Centerville, in thiscounty.A morning train which formerlyleft Paris at 9:30 o'clock has beenmade a mixed train and now runs atS:45. The net result of this change,so far as passenger travel is concerned is that there are now seventeen Kentucky towns and railroadstations, none more than ninetymiles from Louisville and some lessthan fifty, which it is impossible toreach by rail the same day if oneleaves after ten o'clock in the morning.P. F. Manning, general managerof the Frankfort & Cincinnati, saidthat he had notified the Louisville &Nashville ten days ago, and that thechange was necessitated by conditions of the road demanding economy. He said he did not see anyway out of the difficulties arisingunless connections can be made atParis with the Louisville & Nashville for mail service. This can notbe done at present.HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(july7 tf )oBOURBON HORSES CONSIGNEDTO SARATOGA SALESThis coming . August . Edward J. !Tranter, president and general manager of the Fasig-Tipton Sales Company, estimates that his Companywill sell upward of five hundredthoroughbreds of various sexesthat will come of racing age January1, at the sales to be held at Saratoga, New York.Arthur B. Hancock, who is maintaining studs at Claiborne farm,near Paris, and Ellerslie, in Virginia, will lead off on August 4 withhis Claiborne staff and his sale willbe particularly attractive becausehe will offer to buyers the first yearlings by Omar Khayyam that willappear in the market. Omar Khayyam, son of Marco and Lisma, wasone of the most successful Englishhorses that ever raced in the UnitedStates. He won the Travers, Kenner, Kentucky Derby and LawrenceRealization Stakes and the SaratogaCup of 1917, and was Hourless' mostformidable rival for the three-year-oldcrown.Omar Khayyam is owned by Mrs.Wilford Viau, of Montreal. Mr. Hancock has him under lease and at 'service at Claiborne.The most considerable consign-,ments will come from the Claiborneand Ellerslie and Himyar studs. 'Mr. Hancock will offer 55.The produce of the Xalapa Farmof Edward F. Simms, near Paris,will be offered in the sales on 'Thursday, August 17. joCHAUTAUaUA COMMITTEEMENMEETING jA. meeting of the Committeemenfor the Redpath Chautauqua will beheld in the office of the Paris Commercial Club Tuesday morning, at10:30 o'clock. The meeting will beheld for the purpose of checking upthe tickets in the hands of the Ticket Committee, and to arrange fordisposition of the remaining ticketsto be placed on sale. H. H. Bowen,Chatauqua advance agent, will bepresent, "and all the members areurred to . attend.BASE BALLLEAGUE STANDINGWon Lost Pet.Maysville.. .. ..16 6 .727Lexington.. ".". ..12 9 .571Paris 12 10 .545Winchester 10 12 .455Cynthiana 9 13 .409Mt. Sterling .... 6 13 .286The "Glorious Fourth" was trulya glorious day in the annals of baseballdom for Paris Mammoths, whojourneyed to Maysville, Tuesday,for .a game with the Maysville team,in the Blue Grass League struggle.When the finals were chalked up,the score read, Paris 2, Maysville 0.The game was a pitchers' duel,with Miner, the husky Paris southpaw, carrying off the honors. TheParis team has the honor of administering the first gooseeggs to theMaysville team for the season. TheMaysville team lost their chance towin in the first two innings whenthey failed to cross the home plateafter getting two hits in each inning. After that Miner had hisown way. Miner hit down the foulline in the third inning, the ball going under machines for a three-basehit. Singles by Coyle, Cicona andBrockman in the ninth inning resulted in Paris getting two moreruns. The batteries were: ForParis, Miner and Macke; for Maysville, Bosken and Connolly. Thegame went an hour and thirty-fiveminutes. Goetz umpired. A largedelegation of Paris fans witnessedthe game.The Maysville Bulletin says ofTuesday's game with Paris: "Beforethe biggest crowd that has ever attended a game at League Park,Miner, of the Paris Mammoths handed "our boys" their first shut-out ofthe season."The game- was a pitcher's battlebetween Bosken. and Miner, from thestart and -it .was just a quetion ofwho the break would fall to, and asthe score 'indicates, fate was morekind to the Paris aggregation thanto the Cards. Though Miner received the breaks this does not discredit his pitching, as he pitched amost masterful game, and, withmen on bases was invincible. TheCards had many opportunities toscore, but each time Miner provedhis superiority and 'our boys'had'tcrbe satisfied to reach third."The game was unquestionablythe best that has been played thisyear, fast and interesting from 'thestart, both sides playing great ball.It was a heart breaker to lose, but,if the game was made to order before such a tremendous gathering,one could not have wished to see abetter game of the national pastime." At a meeting of Blue Grass Leaguemanagers, with President Thos. M.Russell presiding, held at Cynthiana, Wednesday night, the questionof changing the twice-a-week schedule to three games a week was decided, and in the future threegames a week will be played in theLeague towns. The first game ofthe schedule will be the same asthose now carded under the oldschedule, and will find Winchester,at Pars, Lexington at Mt. Sterling,and Cynthiana at Maysville, nextSunday.The League season is to be split,and the teams will start on eventerms under the new card, whichwill call for forty games for eachteam, the season closing Sunday,October 8. Maysville is the winnerwith a total of sixteen games won,and six lost. It was stipulatedthat Lexington should have tenSunday games at home, and each ofthe others either six or seven Sunday dates. The Cynthiana club alsorequested that all of its Saturdaydates be played away from the homediamond.The game scheduled for to-day inthe Church League has been postponed until a later date. TheMethodist team yesterday defeatedthe Paris All-Star team in a gameon Hancock Field by a score of 5 to3. Woods, pitcher for the All Stars,struck out eleven batsmen, while hisopponent, Owens, of the Methodistteam, fanned ten.MAY LOSE EYESIGHTDrs. Kenney &, Stoeckinger performed an operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital, ' on Detective J.T. Lynch, of Hamilton, Ohio, whowas injured in an auto accident nearParis some time ago, and whose recovery was for a time thought verydoubtful. A portion of the skullwhich had been pressing on thebrain, was removed. The patientrallied nicely from the effects of theoperation, and is making rapidimprovement. His physicians saythat he will be able to leavethe institution shortly, but thatthere is a possibility ' that thesight of one eye has been permanently 'destroyed mDEATHSiLift Ii But A Brief Span, A DebtC That .All Must PayBOWENr-Mrs. Phoebe Bowen, wife of A.B. Bowen, and sister of Mrs. E.BreVsaugh, of Paris, died at herhome near Renaker, in Harrisoncounty, after a long illness from acomplication of diseases. She issurvived by her husband and one little daughter. The funeral was heldTuesday ' afternoon, with servicesconducted by Rev. A. Redd and Rev.F. D. Swanson. The burial tookplace in the Pythian Cemetery, atBerry.DUNNMrs. Mary A. Dunn, aged seventy-two,died Wednesday morning ather home on East Eighth street, inthis city, after a long illness due toa complication of diseases. Mrs.Dunn was the wife of Wm. Dunn.Besides her husband she is survivedby four children, Mrs. Maude Resser,of Connersville, Indiana, John andClaude Dunn, of Paris, and NewtonDunn, of near Paris.The funeral will be held at twoo'clock this afternoon, at the gravein the Paris Cemdtery, with services conducted by Rev. C. H. Greer,pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch."AIN'T WE GOT FUN?"Cynthiana people are having someof the trouble that Paris and othertowns have experienced in the past.At a dance given at Sherwood Hall,in Cynthiana, Tuesday night, ayoung man from Paris, drunk,started a fight on the floor in theearly hours of the morning. Thepolice were called, and after a chasethrough the streets, arrested himand locked him up for the night.The Paris man, whose name wasnot divulged in the proceedings, washaled before Police Judge Clary,Wednesday afternoon, and fined$59.85. "Tell your Paris friendswho come down here drunk thatthey will get the same thing," saidJudge Clary. "You needn't lectureme," said the Paris man, "I'm notcoming back."oCOMMENT WITH A LOCAL AP---s PLICATIONUnder the caption or "A Curse ofSmall Communities." The Cynthiana Democrat comments editoriallyon a matter affecting a Paris enterprise: "In a neghboring county a fighthas developed between rival buslines. One party established a line,ran it at a loss for some time, andwhen it finally began to pay anotherparty started in over the same route,timing his schedule a few minutesahead and thus capturing the largerpart of the patronage. The originalbus people are protesting throughthe papers, but it will do no good.Competition may be the life of trade,but in small communities where patronage is limited it is often thedeath of enterprise. Where onebusiness in a certain line mightserve the public and make a fairprofit, two or more in the same linemake all lose money and eventuallygo to pot. That sort of thing is thecurse of every small community.Nearly all lines are overdone. Nobody makes any money. Enterpriseis stifled. Civic spirit is killed.And yet some people wonder why atown does not grow."oON PARIS PLAYGROUNDSThe playgrounds will celebratestunt night Friday, July 14. on theWilson playground, The Brennanwill present the famous "Pig TailQuartet" that is advertised as being the only one of its kind in captivity. The City School will burn"Old Man Get Mad" at the stake.He has been tried and convicted bythe playground court. A shadowgraph show called "The Ballad ofMary Jane" will be given by thechildren of the Wilson plaground.The boys' base ball team of the CitySchool defeated the Brennan teamby a score of 12 to '3. The girlsbase ball team made its first appearance on the Brennan playground Wednesday afternoon whenthe Brennan team defeated the Wilson team 22 to, 21.HAVE NARROW ESCAPEMr. and' Mrs. L. A. Soper of Paris,had a' narrow escape from serious injury oh the Lexington pike,when their machine overturned.Mr. and Mrs. Soper were returningfrom Louisville, and when near thesub-station of the interurban line,one of the rear wheels of the machine collapsed, causing the car toturn over. A large truck comingbehind them was ditched by the driver to avoid running into the wrecked car. The machine was badly damaged. Mr. and Mrs. Soper escapedwith a. few scratches, but the lattersuffered-from a nervous shock. -THE CHRISTIAN EDUCATIONALCAMPAIGNA call has been issued to thePresbyterian pastors of Kentucky tofix date for special service in behalfof the movement for Christian Education. As soon as possible the datewill be announced. Encouragingletters have been coming into headquarters, 109 East Broadway, Louisville, from every section of theState, not only from Presbyterians,but from other denominations, congratulating the united commissionon the proposed campaign. Formerstudents of Centre College, the Louisville Seminary and Kentucky College for Women are offering to aidin the work.While the Snancial goal of thecampaign is to secure $1,000,000for Christian education it mustnot be forgotten that other resultswill flow from the successful completion of such a campaign. Amongthe by-products of the campaign, thedirector, Mr. t McGill, mentions thefollowing: A larger Presbyterianconscientiousness; a wider Presbyterian fellowship; an increasing interest 'in Christian education; the development of Christian benevolence;life enlistment for a whole-timeChristian service; an increased number of workers for the local church;the promotion of the prayer spirit.Mr. Garrett Jefferson, of the Parischurch, is looking after the advertising end and a few other detailsfor Bourbon county.AUTO RAMS WALLWhile en route to his home inCarlisle, Tuesday night, EstillSnapp was painfully, but not seriously injured when his auto raninto a concrete culvert below Millersburg. The accident happened at apoint about three miles below Millersburg. Mr. Snapp lost controlhis machine, which swerved fromthe road, striking the side of a concrete culvert. A part of the wallwas broken off, and both rightwheels, the rear fender and running board of the machine torn off.The car plunged into a ditch at theside of the road. Mr. Snapp wasthrown out, sustaining slight injuries. A passing autoist picked Mr.Snapp up and took him to hishome, where his injuries were givenmedical attention.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSOUR BIGMID-SUMMERSALEIS NOW IN FULLBLASTCome in and take advantage of burwonderfully low prices. Big reductions in every department.RemtiantFRA N K & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMATRIMONIALA JUtord of Dam Cipid's Doimgs itThe Days Go ByPHHJJPS JOHNSONThe marriage of Miss AditePhillips, of Flanagan, Clark coumty, and Mr. Wallace B. Johnson, ofAusterlitz,, was solemnized Wednes- -dayafternoon in the private o9mof County Judge George Batterton,who officiated.The bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Phillips, of Flanagan,and the groom, is a son of Mr. anMrs. J. W. Johnson, of near Ausetrlitz,, The young couple will reside at Flanagan, where the groomis engaged in farming.THE GLORIOUS FOURTH PASSESOFF CICELY"The Day We Celebrate," JulyFourth, was observed in Paris in aquiet manner, with the exception ofthe small boy, who would not bcontent without his fireworks. And-,,there was sonme larger fines too, whowere in the same mood. The banksand the postoffice and most of -thebusiness houses were closed, whiletheir employes took a holiday.Many took advantage of the day tovisit the big picnic given by the vKnights of Columbus, in the Lettonwoodland, near Paris, while othersspent their holiday in other places.The flag of the Nation was everywhere in evidence.The third annual picnic given bythe K. of C. was the outstandingfeature of the day, and was a success in every particular. The daywas ideal, and fully two thousandmen, women and children from various parts of Central Kentucky enjoyed themselves to the utmost. Thepicnic was ushered in by a paradefrom the court house, led by the Y.M. C. A. Boys Band, through Mainstreet to Fourteenth. At the groundsall kinds of amusements kept thecrowd in a good humor. Music,dancing, outdoor sports and contestsof various kinds kept something doing every minute. The picnic was -asuccess financially and in everyother way. All the arrangements 'were in the hands of competent and -$hustling committees, who saw thateverything ran along smoothly.Tablesii3MKit1IVB-I'MH.Hi'BrltfflTKii!fl5N!1jIN'fj;:mMH:VA?! Ulll'f'Ft&Pltj t,&jr ."- TTjr M-f 'VttNe.PAGE TWOTHE tiOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY7FRIDAY, -JULT 7, ll.11THE BOURBON NEWSIsfrslitfcod 18r 41 Tears of Con' tumous PublicationZfckisked Every Tuesday and FridayIte Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash, in Advance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Ottered at the Paris, Kentucky,Pwtoffle as Mail Matter of theStsond Class.)OUE FOEEIGN EEPEESENTA-TIVES.Mew York American Press Association. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATES-Display Advertisements, $1.00 perfn.ch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading- notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andaimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orther matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied byjthe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor..EDITORIAL FLINGSApply ExternallyThe biggest baseball star of allIs sometimes figured cheesy,And that's because he always makes'The hardest plays look easy.The major hardships of old agefor the average Paris man is thatnew dance steps are invented byyouthful miscreants just as "FoxyGrandpa" has begun to fancy himself efficient in the ballroom.A Paris woman who resents criticism of knickerbockers worn by"women for country hikes says aman who objects should try walking "in even a short skirt." But.euppose the man who tried it shouldhappen to be a Scotchman?'Popular Song ParaphrasedThey're forever digging, digging,Digging up the Paris street.They dig so deepThey dig so low,There's no telling how far they go.They're forever digging, digging,Digging up the Paris streets.A coal strike, a railroad strike,and other things too numerous tomention. But otherwise the outlook is good, save that the weatherte trying, and many dogs and a fewhumans have the rabies, and chiggers infest the blackberry patches.Otherwise, all is well!A writer on agricultural topicspoints out that, inasmuch as hogsHo-not perspire, they must be proTided with plenty of shade and acool wallow, preferably in runningprater. Human beings who do perspire, must struggle along withoutrunning water if unable to pay aplumber $9.00 a day.Twenty-five years ago a two-hun-iredpound man rode a thirty-poundhicycle which he pushed with hislegs. Nowadays a ninety-eightpound youth drives a 5,000-lb. automobile with twenty-six cent "gas,"and the cost of living is a maetterupon which he is eloquent. Old-timeParis bicycilists well remember thefirst part of this!Within the next day or two it will.he possible to determine whetherthe striking railroad workers wentout on a week-end excursion, whichnobody will begrudge them, or do, actually refuse to listen to sanercounsels and propose to place themselves in opposition to the agenciesof the Government created for theexpress purpose of dealing with, andsettling, just such emergencies ashave arisen.How mutable is the mood of man,the sport of circumstances. Now,for instance, as we did on Julyfourth, you greet the telephonegirl at "Central" with a cheery"Hello," and blank dumb silencereigns for twenty-seven long minutes by the watch. Perhaps theoperator on that particular sectionof- the switchboard was watchingthe holiday festivities. Perhapsthe line was busy. Anyway, afterwaiting an interminable time andgetting no answer, you reverse theword "Hello," and resign yourself' despondently.Niaety per cent of the gasolineproduct is. the Umrted States is usedfer operating motor vehicles.WHEN HAMHHG WISHESHEWE1E KOTPEESIDENTThere are times that I wish for alittle while that I were not President of the United State. PresidentHarding to the Women's Republican Club of New Jersey.Recent events in President Harding's administration make it possible to specify some of the timeswhen the President would logically,at least, have such a wish. For instance: When he reflects upon the exposure of his personal appointee, political sponsor and former campaignmanager, Attorney General Daugh-erty, in connection with the pardonof Charles W. Morse, reads the demands in the Republican press forDaugherty's resignation, and theresolutions by Republican Congressmen, for an investigation, noting, asany intelligent man must, the lossof public confidence in Mr. Daugherty as the head of the great Department of Justice.When he reflects that the seatingof his personal friend and associate,Senator Newberry, in a purchasedseat has been condemned from oneend of the country to the other andrecalls the exclamation of the thenSenator Kenyon, now Judge Kenyon."My God! you can never lower thedignity of the Senate after thisday."When he recalls the general public condemnation of his appointmentof the notorious Nat Goldstein, whoadmitted taking $2,500 of the Lowden campaign slush fund when acandidate for delegate to the Republican National Convention.When he reflects upon the generalprotest against the leasing of thelast "of the naval oil reserves tosubsidiaries of the Standard OilTrust after they had been set asideby his predecessors for use of theoil-burning ships in the navy in National defense and the oil-burningships of the Merchant Marine in thecarrying of American commerce,and that the assumed personal responsibility therefor.When he reflects upon the sorrowand shame he has cast upon the livesof old and faithful employees of theBureau of Engraving and Printingwhom he summarily dischargedwithout warning and to whose pleasfor a hearing he refused to listen.When he recalls his party's promise to reduce taxes and then notesthe fact that the only persons whohave had their taxes reduced aremulti-millionaires and war-profiteers.When he recalls the promise ofhis party to revive industry andtrade and then sees a RepublicanCongress passing a tariff bill whichwill inevitably destroy foreign tradeand work further disaster to American industry the high protectivetariff bill which he himself advocated.When he reflects upon the returnsof the primary elections in Indianaand Pennsylvania containing a repudiation of a Do-Nothing Congressand his own administration bymembers of his own party.When he reviews the fifteenmonths of the Harding- administration and finds a minimum of accomplishments almost buried out ofsight under a maximum of failure,with his party breaking up into factions, and scandals multiplying inhis administration and the influential papers of his own party pressarraigned against the principaleconomic policy of his administration. But what's the use. When President Harding declares that there aretimes he wishes for a little whilethat he were not President of theUnited States .he simply shares awish that is common to an ever-increasingnumber of his fellow-citizens,and which, unless there isgreat improvement in his administration, of which there are no present signs, threatens to become general. REPUBLICANS DEMANDING RESIGNATIONS OF OFFICERSSenator Capper asking for the resignation of Secretary Weeks recallsthe fact that the demand by Republicans for the resignations of Republicans in high places in this administration is generally prevalentand is increasing in intensity. TheRepublican press, or that part of itwhich still retains its independenceand influence with the public, is demanding the resignation of Attorney General Daugherty; the demands for Senator Newberry's resignation have "been matters of record ever since his election; theWashington Herald which is stillsupposed to reflect the views of Secretary Hoover, although he is out ofit as an owner, says that the -sentimentin Congress is such that itmay lead to a demand for SecretaryFall's resignation, which ought alsoto call for the resignation of Secretary o'f the Navy Denby on the theory that the tail goes with the hide;the job hunters are stronly in favorof-the resignation of Secretary Mellon, which many think would havebeen forthcoming if he had beenoverruled in the matter ofappointments in the Internal Revenue Bureau. Still, as President Harding remarked, "Government is a very simple thing after all."oApproximately 12,510 tons of tinor 20 per cent of the total production -Wao- 11 CO3 ii-i tlitr. A..i. i j.;7J; T ? wuu:Ly iaBlyear for the manufacture of motorvehicles.8.CANTEHL WILL f PEAK F0E TO;BACCO POOLTobacco growers of Barren county will hold a meeting at Glasgow,Monday afternoon, July 17, andCongressman J. Campbell Cantrillwill be the principal speaker. Mr.Cantrill will speak for the dark tobacco growers at Owensboro on thefifteenth.The Glasgow meeting is to be ajoint gathering of burley and darkgrowers, as there are a considerablenumber of each in that county. Theburley growers will form a reorganization of their campaign forces,which signed up the county lastfall, and start a drive for the remainder of the growers of burleyoutside the association.The dark tobacco campaign in thecounty is expected to be given impetus by the visit of CongressmanCantrill, who is himself a largegrower of burley tobacco and whospoke in all parts of the burley district in behalf of the cooperativemarketing plan last fall.Officers of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Associationclosed Tuesday ii observance of theholiday, one of the very few holidays that have been observed sincethe association started business, because of the large volume of workthat has faced the office staff almostevery day since the organization ofthe association under the Binghamco-operative marketing act last January. ALFALFA SHOULD HAVE PLACEON MORE FARMSDespite the fact that alfalfa hasa limited distribution in Kentucky,there is a place for the crop on manyfarms of the State, not as a major'field crop, but as a crop for a smallarea of good land, crop specialistsat the College of Agriculture say.It is a legume best suited to richsoils that contain plenty of lime, butmost farms have from two to fiveacres that could be prepared rathereasily for growing it. Fall seedingis more satisfactory in Kentucky inview of the fact that spring seedingsare troubled with weeds and grasses.Only two counties in Kentucky,Pendleton and Campbell, have alarge area of alfalfa, these twogrowing half the acreage found inthe State or nearly 28,000 acres, according to the 1920 census. Thefive leading alfalfa counties grownearly four-fifths of all that is foundin the State. These facts emphasizethe limited distribution of the crop.Sweet clover and limestone prepare the way for the successfulgrowing of alfalfa. Both Pendleton and Campbell counties havelimestone soils while sweet cloverhas been extensively grown in bothof them, especially Pendleton.Much of it grew wild at first, theseplants seeding and spreading over alarger area each year. The sweetclover inoculated the soiland thusprepared it for alfalfa.There is no hay that is superiorto that made from good alfalfa, thespecialists claim. It is an excellentfeed for stimulating the milk andbutterfat production of dairy cowsand also makes a good feed forgrowing stock or for animals thatare being put into good conditionfor showing.Since three or four crops can becut in a season from good "land, afew acres will furnish a considerablesupply of feed. Any farmer wholimes his soil heavily and seeds alfalfa on a few acres of his best landcan expect good results from thecrop. Good drainage, stable manure, phosphate fertilizers and careful preparation of the seed bed alsoincreases the chances for a goodstand.SUGAREXPORTS MAKE'HIGH RECORD"NEWSugar exports from the UnitedStates in the fiscal year which endswith June, the fiscal year 1922, willprobably exceed those of any yearin the history of our export trade.The United States, says the TradeRecord of the National City Bank ofNew York, has enormously increasedits exportation of refined sugar.inis big increase occurred duringthe war and was in fact one of theconsequences of the war which materially reduced the quantity ofbeet sugar produced in Europe andconsequently intensified the demandfor Cuban, Porto Rican and Hawaiicane sugars, most of which are refined in the United States. As a result we have become not only theworld's largest exporter of refinedsugars, but also the largest refinerof cane sugars, for practically all ofthe cane sugar of the three islandsabove mentioned passes from thehands of the producers in the rawstate to the refineries of the UnitedStates, while the cane sugar of theother chief producer, Java, althoughnot "refiner" in a strict sense of theterm, is turned out in a condition inwhich it passes directly to the consumer, making it quite apparentthat the sugar refineries of theUnited States handle larger quantities of sugar than those of any othercountry in the world.RuIm for Home Making.Three rules for making a home attractive were recently given to ayoung married couple by an Interiordecorator. They were: Provide thenecessary utilities, arrange an agree-.w w .rh.mA - L -, fT, make .the -place livable.THE PROPER COURSEInformation, of Priceless . Valuez Every Paris CitizentoHow to actin an emergency isknowledge of inestimable, worth, andthis is particularly true of the diseases and ills of the human body.It you suffer with kidney backache,urinary disorders, or. any form ofkidney trouble, the advice containedin the following statement shouldadd a valuable asset to your storeof knowledge. What could be moreconvincing proof of the efficiency ofDoan's Kidney Pills than the statement of a Paris citizen who usedthem and who publicly tells of thebenefit derived,Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 EighthStreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills a few times andfrom the benefit obtained I can saythey are a good reliable remedy.When my kidneys haye acted irregularly or my back has been weanuiauf Ui " " , " , . f by law, to the undersigned adminisand lame I have always found that x. .box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills,which I got at Ardery's Drug Storerelieve the complaint quickly." vThe above statement was givenNovember 10, 1916, and on November 12, 1920, Mrs. Burley said: "Ihaven't changed my opinion ofDoan's Kidney Pills and recommendthem just as highly to-day as whenI gave my former statement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Burley had. Foster-MU-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oNEWSPAPER TAX PLEA IS REFUSEDHolding that newspaper plantsare not manufacturing establishments within the purview of thelegislative act of 1917, Judge DavisW. Edwards denied an applicationof the Evening Post Company toenjoin the city of Louisville fromassessing its plant for city taxes.Newspaper plants in Louisvillewere exempted from taxation -forcity purposes, after passage of therevenue and taxation law at thespecial session of the Legislature in1917, on the theory that the establishments contained machinery asspecified by the law as manufacturing machinery.However, the City Board ofEqualization recently assessed allof the plants for taxes for the fiveyears they were omitted, and the"suit was filed to test the action ofthe board.The case will be taken to theCourt of Appeals and, pending theoutcome in that court, no effort willbe made by the city to require payment of the taxes on the assessmentsmade by the board and the CityAssessor.Recently the Legislature passed alaw to remdy the defect, if such itis, in the revenue and taxation lawof, 1917, and in the future the machinery of newspaper plants will beexempted from taxes for other thanState purposes.CHICKENS FOR SALEI have a nice lot of spring chickens for sale at 75c each, or $8 perdozen. Call Cumb. Phone No.167-R. (4-3t)FOR SALEA Mission Sideboard andChina Closet. Also flat office oakdesk. Prices reasonable. Apply toMRS. J. M. ALVERSON,(4-2t) 1426 Cypress St.FOR RENTFive large rooms and bath corncomplete, lower flat, garage, locatedat 1455 South High street. Will bevacant July 10. If interested, writeMartin & Mitchell, at 108 Walnutstreet, room 4 Lexington, Ky.(4-tf)New andUsed FurnitureTrade in your old, furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.,Main and Second Streets.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.(augl5-tf)VOCALISTS WANTEDLady or man who can sing, to introduce and popularize songs that"take," singing them in local moviehouses and placing them on salewith drugstores and dealers in yourterritory. Good royalty and commissions, to right party.ENTERPRISE MUSIC CO.,216 Lyric Building, Cincinnati, O.CAtlAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BABBEES-CModerm EtjfllpnemtInert tad Pslit ferricEOT AMD 00LD1ATM1Executor s notice !&'All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Rebecca Nippert,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven as required by law, to the undersignedExecutor, for adjustment and payment, on or before July 20, 1922.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs. Rebecca Nippert, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedExecutor and make full and promptsettlement of such indebtedness.JAMES M. O'BRIEN,Executor of the Will of Mrs. RebeccaNippert.(23june3wks)Administrator's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Dr. J. W. Mebane, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredtrator, for adjustment and payment.All such claims not presented within the legal limit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Dr. J. W.Mebane, deceased, are hereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. MRS. C. D. C. MEBANE,Adm'r of J. W. Mebane(20-3wks)Administrator's NoticeJAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Phoebe A. Shackleford, deceased, are hereby notifiedto present same, properly provenas required by law, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment. All such claimsnot presented within the legal limitprescribed by law, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Mrs. PhoebeA. Shackleford, deceased, are herebynotified to call upon the undersigned Administrators, and makefull and satisfactory payment ofsuch indebtedness.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST COMPANY,Admr's Mrs. Phoebe A. Shackleford.(20-3wks)?Capital $150,000.00Surplus and Profits 122,500.00Stockholders Liabilities 150.000.00Protection to Depositors $422,500.00Established 1 85 1Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.Paris, KentuckyWE WANT YOUR BUSINESS ANDARE PREPARED TO HANDLE ITOFFICERSS. E. BEDFORD, President C. K. THOMAS, Vice-Pres.- CashierGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres. GEO. L. DOYLE, Assiseant CashierROBT.METEER. Vice.Pret.THE UNIVERSAL CAR40 Car$ Deliveredin JaneDid Yoci Oct Yours?If Not, Why Nol?It may be that-you did not know howeasy it is to buy a car.Do not put it off, but come now whileyou can get these liberal terms.$146.00 down and the rest in twelvemonths buys you a car.Enjoy your car while paying for it.Why hesitate?RUGGLESMOTORIrVTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.LexingtonTo Paxil6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. im.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. .5:00 p. p6:01 . m!1:t p. a.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p., m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, aingla trip, or inQBKntltief, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced' rates.KENTUCKY TBACTJ0NMENTAL GO.(dec6-tf)& TEE-PARIS, KYBtgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00ijOFFICERSFrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. ygjIitchell, CashierJno.W. Yerkea, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921JCOMPANYFARMER!! 1 TRADERSBANKforcC?W,rJL.&iCiK4?.-r?r2&i"?'Zfi-, -S, aW?- '&'- ?--T.jL.T.f rt i. Im,. -JL,rfs9rS t.f' .Vtrir i"-,?&.Jr'-PV-to- iii-l.. ." tl3jirrafcSJ-FRIDAY, JULY 7, 1922.THE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCMPAGE THREMrBEDPATH CHAUTAUQUA OPENSJULY 12The Redpath Chautauqua willopen the season in Paris, Wednesdayafternoon at three o'clock. Mr. H.H. Bowen, the advance man, is intown this week making all arrangements for the opening.Mr. J. T. Hughes will be the superintendent this year. Mr. Hugheshas had years of experience in theChautaqua field and comes to PariswTell qualified to act as superintendent. The crew will arrive with the bigbrown tent next Monday or Tuesday,and will have everything in readiness for the opening.The sale of season tickets is pro-gressing very favorably, and the-local committee is very much gratified over the results. Pledge cardsare being rapidly redeemed, and thesale of tickets to those who did notpledge started Wednesday.The Redpath management announces that the program this yearis up to the standard of any Chautauqua in America, and well upholds the name of the big seven-day.circuit in being the biggest and bestChautauqua circuit in Ameiica. Gov.Chas. H. Brough, former Governorof Arkansas, W. L. Harding, formerGovernor of Iowa, and Chester Milton Sanford will be three of theleading lecturers.Two great American comedies,"Turn to the Right," and "FriendlyEnemies" will be presented duringChautauqua week. The music hasbeen given special attention thisyear. The Collegian Male Quartette,The Montague Light Opera Company,Liteurances Little Symphony Orchestra and Viellas Hawaiians offera variety of classical and popularmusic not to be excelled.The tent will be located on theHigh School grounds again this year.REPORTS SHOW 61,000 MEMBERSRHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) . Milan, Ind.oFASTEST TRIPS AROUND THEWORLDMembership in the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association has passed the 61,000 mark, asshown by the report of AssistantChief of the Field Service DivisionWilliam Collins, to the Board ofDirectors Friday, and the reports offield workers of contracts not sent inbut already signed.Assistant Chief William Collins'figures showed 55,617 growers ofburley tobacco signed in the campaign last fall and 4,804 additionssince the campaign closed, making atotal of 60,421. President and General Manager James C. Stone estimated that 1,000 contracts, signedbut not yet sent in to Field ServiceHeadquarters, were in the hands ofcounty chairmen or workers.President Stone reported that thetobacco situation in West Virginiaand the Ohio counties contiguouswas favorable, Manager CliftonRodes and his associates signing upthe growers of that section at therate of 160 to 175 a week. Director of Warehouses Ralph M. Barkerreported that the prizing of greentobaccos to one of the largest brokeis in the United States for exportpui poses. He said that a number ofrepresentatives of the larger manufacturers .had been in Lexington recently and had called at the officesthat their attitude appeared to befair and friendly and that it was hisopinion it would not belong beforesubstantial sales could be announced.PERSONALSUSERS OF ADDETG MACHETESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,FARM MORTGAGES IN THE U. S.1889, by Nellie Bly, 72 days, 6hours, 11 minutes; 1903, by HenryFrederick, 54 days, 7 hours, 20 minutes; 1911, by Andre JaegerSchmidt, 39 days, 42 minutes, 38seconds; 1913, by John H. Mears, farms operated by owners,35 days, 21 hours, 36 minutes. are free from mortgage.Number of farms reporting mortgage debt (1920) 1,193,878; (1910)1,006,511, according to The WorldAlmanac.Value of mortgaged land andbuildings (1920), $13,772,729,610;(1910), $6,330,236,951.The per cent, of increase in valueof mortgaged land and buildings,1910 to 1920, was 117.6.The total number of farms operated by their owners in the UnitedStates on January 1, 1920, according to the Fourteenth Census, was3,925,090. Of this number it is estimated that 1,611,378, or morethan 41 per cent., "were mortgagedand 2,333,712 were free from mortgage.In New York State, of 151,71775,522SPECIAL SALElllsB WwmWwmwm9mwmwmWu tlHIuK I -J! ,The Hotter the Weather TheMore You Need theHOOSIERSome families sit in the kitchen to keep warm inthe winterand that's exactly why every one ought to stayout of the kitchen in the summer.Unless you own a HOOSIER you are spending- justtwice as much time in the kitchen as is necessary.Aside from all that this wonderful work-reducingmachine does'to save our muscles, its greatest help is inthe added hours of rest and recreation which it gives toyou."Surely you will not continue to slave in your kitchenthrough the red hot dog days? Especially since youcan buy the HOOSIER on our simple and convenientdeferred payment plan.A. F. WHEELER & CO.CHAS. GREENE, Maiafer . .Mrs. Georgia Spears is visitingrelatives in Lexington.Dr. J. A. Stoeckinger is visiting relatives in Chicago.Messrs. Robert and Frazier Insko, of Paris, visited friends at Mt.Olivet, this week.Mrs. Frankie Morrison is visiting Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bedford, inAtlanta, Georgia.Mrs. Will S. Arnsparger, ofParis, is visiting her mother Mrs.Mollie Baldwin, in Winchester.Edward M. Hite and son, Robert, of Lexington, former Parisians,were visitors in Paris recently.Roy McCray has returned froma visit to his grandparents, Mr. andMrs. T. I. Davis, in Winchester.Miss Nancy Johnson has returned from a visit to her sister,Mrs. J. W. Cooper, in Winchester.Mrs. Clay Sutherland has returned from a visit to her father,Mr. Clayton Strode, in Winchester.George Link, of 'near Hutchison, has gone to Kansas City, for avisit to his brothers, Fred and WillLink.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, who hasbeen ill at her home on Secondstreet for several days, is greatlyimproved.Mr. and Mrs. J. Louis Earlywine and baby daughter, of Chicago,are visiting relatives in this "cityand county.Mrs. Robert J. Neely and Mrs.Harry B. Clay will leave next weekfor a stay at Lake Chautauqua,New York.Mrs. Julian Frank and childrenhave returned from a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Newton Taylor, in Lexington.Mrs. Claience L. Martin, ofLouisville, is a guest of Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, at her home on theGeorgetown road, near Paris.Miss Helen James has returnedto her home in Berea, after a visitto her uncle, Harry O. James, andMis. Jamesat their home on Pleasant street.John M. Clay, of near Paris,was a guest at the dinner given recently at the Country Club, nearLexington by Charles Taylor, Jr., ofLittle Rock, Ark.Wm. R. Scott, of Cynthiana,spent the holidays as guest of relatives in Paris and the county. Mr.Scott is now in the railroad businessin the Queen City.Capt. Robert Harbeson and MissElizabeth Crutcher of Paris, assisted in a very delightful musical program given recently in the Presbyterian church, in Flemingsburg.Miss Lucy Spencer, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. J. M. Cooperand family, in Paris. At the conclusion of her visit here she willvisit relatives in Nicholasville,Fleming and Mason counties.Mrs. Sidney S. Ardery, Jr., entertained at her home on Houstonavenue with two tables of bridge inhonor of Mrs. Frank Snyder, of Louisville, guest of her sister, Mrs.Clark Barnett.The following invitations havebeen sent out: "Mis. Warren Rogers, Miss Harriet Rogers, to meetMrs. Fielding Grant Rogers, Mrs.Robert McArdle, Friday, July seventh, from three to six o'clock. R.S. V. P."Miss Margaret Hoeing, of Lexington, was a guest of her aunt,Mis. Nellie S. Highland, at her homeI in tnis city, tor tne .b'ourtn. missi Hoeing: is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Joe Hoeing, of Lexington, well' known m Paris.Misses Sarah Mudge, of CovJington, Grace Haller, of Newport,land Miss Gynthia Dwyer, of LexI ington, joined, a party at Paris,Tuesday, for a trip to the mountainsI in the Eastern part of the State.! En route they stopped at Corbin toI visit the St. Camillas School.Mrs. Robert C. Talbott has re; turned from a delightful motor trip, to her old home at Elizabethtown.'During her absence Mrs. Talbottvisited the new Government Hospital at Dawson Springs, and was aguest of friends in Madisonville.She was accompanied home by hersisters, Misses Beatrice and MaryAllene Lusby, of Elizabethtown.Mr. and Mrs. Fielding GrantRogers have returned from theirwedding tour, which took them toChicago, and the Great Lakes.While in Chicago they were guestsat the Hotel Drake, and several social functions were given in theirhonor. They were entertained byMisses Alpha and Carolyn. Nash witha theatre party, and were guests ofMr. and Mrs. Charles S. Colmesnilat dinner at the Edgewater BeachHotel, and at luncheon at theirhome in Rogers Park.(Other Personals on Page 5). oLEADER EDITOR SUCCEEDS JN0.W. YERKESINSURANCE MAN SUICIDESJohn L. Gossett, of Cynthiana,employed by the Metropolitan LifeInsurance Company, of Paris as a solicitor, shot himself through theheart at his home in Cynthiana,Monday night, death ensuing instantly. Mr. Gossett left no reasonfor the act. He had been in badhealth for some time. Mr. Gossettwas well known here as his businessbrought him in contact with insurance people of Paris.Mr, Gossett is survived by hiswidow, and seven children: his par-lents, Mr. and Mrs. Abram Gossett;two sisters, Mrs. Paul Renaker, ofCynthiana, and Mrs. R. E. Magee, ofTexas, and one brother, W. A. Gossett, of Cynthiana.The funeral was held at the family home in Cynthiana, Wednesdayafternoon, at four o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. Carey F.Moore. The interment followed onthe family lot in Battle Grove Cem-eter.Henry Giovanolli, 'editor of theLexington Leader,, has been appointed by Gov. Morrow as a member of the Commission for the Deafand Dumb School at Danville, tosucceed the late John W. Yerkes.. oDid Stem Time for New Hat.When does a man need a new hat?This by Barrle Payne ought to shedsome light on the question: "Weshall have to purchase a new hat Itembarrassed us no little yesterday todiscover, in observing the usual socialamenity In the presence of a lady, thatwe had politely lifted the brim of ourbat and left the crown in stata quo."Detroit News.ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.IMenWantedThis Company will hire experienced shopcraft mechanics and shop laborers and furnish,them work at rates prescribed by the UnitedStates Railroad Labor Board, beginning at once.Apply to W. C. Hunter, Master Mechanic,Covington, Ky., or 'E. H. Gorey, General Foreman, Paris, Ky.Louisville& Nashville Ry. Co.PIGGLY WIGGLYThe Home of Quality, Courtesy, Cleanliness and Nationally Advertised Groceries. No Specials. No Baits,but everyday Economy Prices, The best Fruits andVegetables obtainable at all times.DOMINO SUGARin Cartons andMuslin Bags....Pound, 71cBewley Red Pitted Cherries, OEflNo. 2 .. ZjCCherriton Green Lima Beans, IflftNo. 2 I JJ CLakeside Extra Sifted Peas, 97rlNo. 2 CHoliday 01 APeas, No. 2 . . . . . Z I CEiirt Olney's Succotash, A 4No. 2 I (JIllinois Sugar Corn, IOaNo. 2 I 2bDel Monte Spinach, 4 ANo. 3, 23c; No. 2 JJ(JDel Monte ICaPimentos J(jDel Monte Beans, with IflfliTomato Sauce lUuBeechnut Spaghetti with J nCheese and Tomato Sauce JJBeechnut Peanut Butter, large jar, 4425c; medium, 17c; small I ICPremier Salad Dressing, large, IQa41c; Small QUPremier Saluad Dressing, 4JALarge 41c, small IOCArgo Red ODaSalmon ZuCKing Alket Brand Sardines, A4Packed in Olive Oil Z I CWhite Star Tuna Fish, large 38c, 4 mmedium 24c, small 4uPicnic Plates, 20 to 10package .. ZC'Picnic Drinking Cups, ' aPackage JJQWelch Grape Juice, quarts 57c 4 4pints 31c, splits I I CBrookfield Creamery Butter, mmpound..- TtCPure Hog Lard, j-pound lCLemons. aadozen jy(JUnderwood Deviled Ham, A4large 34c, small . .. QHeekin's Iced Tea r- lCWe Don't Meet Prices We Make ThemPIGGLY WIGGLYGROCERIES FRUITS707 Main StreetGREEN VEGETABLESParis, KentuckyOrganized under the provisions of the Federal Tarm loan ActThe Loan That Never Comes DueUnless and until the borrower wishes to pay itLoans on farm property on the amortization plan for a term of 40years in amounts ranging from $1,000 to $45,000, at 6. $66.46 peryear on each $1,000 of loan pays both- principal and interest."Liberal prepayment privileges.No commissions no renewals.For further information write or callAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.Kentucky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trut Biildias LtxiBftoa, KtmtiekyOPERATED tJXDIR GOYXUnEEXT SUXXETBKOr -"OPHCEKSC. N. Manning, PresidentF. H. Engelken, Vice-Prse.and ManagerJ. D. VanHooser, Vice-Prea.S .A ."Wallace, Sec. and Trsaa,DIBECTOBSRobt. W. BinghamC. N. ManningL. G. CoxLouis des CognetsGeorge K. GrayesF. H. EngelkenJames C. StoneJ. D. VanHooserJohn G. StollGeorge R. HuntSamuel H. Haliey'R. T. .AndersonEdward HilliardMor am O. HktaJ. Robt. Ssaitk8.A.W411SJM jnurt MIIIIfiLrt1?9.i!Nim:i,ii4iViij ' JSi a. (,,-' ''-,; '.' .; i. -3" -1,rr-,PAGE rOURTHE BOURBON NEWS.3 PARIS. KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 7, 1922.VEW HOUSE FOE SALE1 WABEHOUSES ONLY WHEEENECESSAEY' MEW 7-E00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECT1IC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONJTOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tn'Two hundred cities and towns inWisconsin have camp sites for automobile tourists.Extension of CharterOFTHE FIRST NATIONALBANK OF PARISParis, KentuckyCur-Treasury Department,Office of Comptroller of Therency,Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasbeen made to appear that "THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK OFPARIS" In the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act of Congress,"to enable National Banlcing Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved July 12, 1882..Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissinger, Comptroller of the Currency, dohereby certify that "TIIIC FIRSTNATIONAL BANK OF PARIS" inthe City of Paris, in the County ofBourbon and Stale of Kentucky, isauthorized to have succession for theperiod specified in its amendedarticles of association: namely, unclosed of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of ofllce this firstday of .lune, 1922.(Seal)(Signed)D. R. CRISSINGER,Comptroller of The Currency.Charter No. G323.Extension No. 4304.(July 7-1 mo)PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and KitchenFurnitureThat the money required for the!establishment of new warehouses forthe Burley Tobacco Growers' Cooperative Association comes fromthe pockets of the farmers themselves and that none will be established where not absolutely neededfor the interests of the general association were declared in a statement made by Director of Warehouses Ralph M. Barker in discussing the probability of adding to theAssociation's holdings by the acquisition of new receiving plants."Tobacco growers in asking forestablishment of the new reveivingplants," said director Barker,"should bear in mind that it is themoney of the growers that pays forthese houses and that the cost willcome out of the farmers' tobacco.We desire to have a receiving plantat every point where It is necessary,but our members will not uphold usin any policy of establishing plantson any other basis than that."The members of the Associationwant us to proceed with as little costas possible in the handling of theircrops, they want necessary receiving plants and will approve themwhere such plants are required forthe general good, but, judging fromwhat a number already have said tome, they will not approve any gen-1oral plan for the establishment of !warehouses just because there arenone in the counties which maywant them, even, though these counties may grow considerable tobacco."The Burley Association ownsnow a large number of plants, insome places more than it needs, inothers it has none and in some ofthese places it ought to have at leastone. Where such plants may benecessary for properly extending thebusiness of the Association theywill be established, but not a plantwill be established which the Association can get along without. Growers have already indicated that thissentiment exists practically unanimously among them, and it is the intention of this ofllce to respect thatsentiment, for the farmers will haveto pay, after all, every dollar of thecost of such plants as are established." President and General ManagerJames C. Stone confirmed the reportthat Scott county, which comprisesone of the director districts of theAssociation, is to get one of theLexington houses before the tobaccoseason of 1922 opens.The Lexington house to be dismantled and moved to Georgetownhas not been decided upon, as yet,President Stone said, but DirectorBarker will reach a decision andhave the house moved in ampletime for Scott county to have a receiving plant to handle the 1922crop."Scott county grows between S,-000,000 and 10,000,000 pounds ofo.imitiiDtniriv tobacco." said President Stone, "andlAlsSSOAND!2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.yriikirVmmiOPERA HOUSEl I 17:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.FRIDAYDouble Feature DayFRIDAYElaine Hammerstein in "Why Announce Your Marriage?"Sounds mighty inter-A story of a clever young woman who is very independent and to keep so she refuses to marry the man she loves.esting. You will surely want to see tnis adorable little actress in one of the best pictures ever screened. AlsoBLANCHE SWEET in "Her Unwilling Husband"A romantic Comedy Drama of Charming Originality. It will speed your heart and rock your sides with laughter. Don't miss it.SATURDAY Goldwyn PresentsWILL ROGERS in "An UnwillingSATURDAYHero"Adapted trom u. Jtienry s tamous story, "wnistling Dick's Christmas Stocking." Will Rogers has a part in. this picture version of O. Henry'sstory that tickles the funny bone and warms the heart at the same time. You'll always remember Whistling Dick, the happy hobo whohated work.Also Pathe Weekly and Cristie Comedy, "The Huntsman"MONDAY99MONDAY George Titzmaurice'sBARTHELMESS in EXPERIENCEThe romance of modern youth adventuring. Its hopes, temptations, passions, in failures, triumphs, loves, in hamlet and city, home andpleasure palace, green fields and underworld dives, and running through its fascinating scenes A simple, tender story, tugging at theheart of all who are or ever have been young. A drama moulded of every breed of human clan glowing with a soul. Scores of gor-yuuus Hceiitis:Hundreds of beautiful women.The undersignedwill offer for sale to the highest is entitled to a receiving plant. Thebidder a lot of household and ofllce growers ol mat county, ner oankersfurnishings belonging to the estate and business men have been loyal toof the late Dr J W Mebane tlle Association, have worked hardSale will bo concluded at his late for its success and their wishes deresidence at S20 Main street. Paris, serve an(1 win receive considera-Ky., on ,tion-" ,I Mr. Stone, who returned from((..Jo IKr K 1Q99 'West Virginia, where he spoke injiuiuoy, uuij xu, ivuu,at 2 o'clock p. m.Some articles in the list are:3 Gas Heating Stoves;1 Double Heater, soft coal;1 Iron Bed;1 Steel Springs; '1 Cotton Mattress;1 Marble Top Walnut Dresser;1 Marble Top Walnut Washstand;3 Center Tables;2 Kitchen Tables;1 Bethooven Organ;1-Folding Bed, Oak;12 Chairs;. 3 Bookcases;2 Parlor Rockers;1 Gasoline Cook Stove;1 Coal Oil Heater;1 Roll Top Desk;Numerous small articles.Terms made known on day of sale.MRS. C. D. C. MEBANE,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(July 7-11-14)the campaign to sign up that State,I said interest was growing there inASKSREDUCTION OFRATESPOSTAL' of the postofflce and other departments of the government direct tothe people. They are really sellingnCfintS for flip PTvornrnanf Vmf t1i..fTi rAnnl rr rP atinmn A-n n aa Yroforrn niojf, .' , . . . fa .get no commission on their sales,rates, which were originally impos- It ,3 fted as war takes . proposed In abU'a(lvan Iwhich has just been introduced in, T1l f - f. , ...the house of representativoB y Con- cha 'of tTarmTZtgressman M. Clyde Kelly, of Perm- ,- . , , ,. . . . A ,, . m. . . , . , , , does not lessen the injustice. Adversylvama The bill is Intended to tising not merchandise but intor.give relief to newspapers and maga- mation The newspapers' are infor.zines, which have made representa- f; ,,., . .-.. . ,. . .. ,. mation highways just as essentialtions to Congress that the continua-. ,, ,,.), .n,,. . ,, . , . . . , . to the business prosperity of thetion of the high postal rates serious- , .,. .u u. . , .i .. ! i uiii,, . 'country as the highways and watersijr unvyia liiu ciiuiiu iJUUiioiimg ill'f?dustry.The Kelly bill would repeal thelast two of the four increases in postal rates which were made under thewar revenue act of 1917. In a statement explaining the purpose of theways. Not a sale can be made or apound of goods shipped without theinterchange of information. The advertisements are chronicles of everyadvance in industrial achievement.Without them publication of thebill, Mr. Kelly said the newspaper i1 "" -andmagazine publishers of the Hearings will be had at an earlcountry are m need of relief from ,1o. .. , . . .. 7 yv -i1j,j j. ate on the bill by the house com-this discriminatory war tax in order Qn tofflcy to which ththat the press may continue to func-.bm was reerredThe proposed measure, Mr. Kelly . m. f . . fexplained, retains the present zone rue, Wmd and Lightning Insur-system of postal charges but reduces, nicertdVX thr(ourtehaa,a:ance,Pref: MAS. WOODFORD & BRYANfective July 1, 1921, to that of thesecond advance which became effective July 1, 1919. According to Mr.xvciij mc i aita u.on.v;u lui WUUIU OL1Ugive the government 175 per cent.more than the pre-war rates and 1IFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYlIIMIMHmWWflWHHltllMHIiniHGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceTHE FAIRwould not relieve the publishing industry of one cent of the other federal taxes paid by it in commonwith other industries."The present postage rates onnewspapers and publications wereJ fixed in the war revenue act passedin 1917, and are 325 per cent higherthan the pre-war rates," said Mr.Kelly. "Every one of the items carried in that measure, with the exception of the tax on second class 'hasthe co-operative movement, thatthat probably a thousand personsheard his address and that manysigned contracts County organizations are being formed in that territory, mail matterSale of the preferred stock in the repealed.warehousing corporations, in order "These war-time postage increasesi to give all growers a chance to sub- have driven millions of pounds ofscribe, will be continued until July second class matter into private1, it was said at the offices of the channels of distribution. There isAssociation. James C. Willson & something radically wrong when priCompany, of Louisville, are handling vate companies can make a handthe stock of the warehousing corpor- some profit at rates less than, thoseation except the central corpora- charged in postage. I believe theretions, which is being sold through is no good reason why the publishthe Security Trust Company. ers of newspapers and magazinesshould be singled out to pay thisextra war tax.Under market-values on everyshelf and table in this storeFOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROWl-quart Tin Buckets 15c, S-quartjTin Buckets 24c. Aluminum Dippers 10c, Sheet Iron Bread and Biscuit Pans, all sizes, your choice 10c,Genuine Holland pure white Cups,Saucers and Plates, IS pieces, allfor $1.9S, beautiful quality.NOTIONS A 1 Cent Sale: twoBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 299HH l1HMWHHMH'MMimiiMMMMIMIHl"I would not take $1,000 forwhat that wonderful Tanlac medicine has done for me," said Mrs.Mattie Lutes, of Lexington, Kentucky. Sold by all good druggists."The newspapers and other periodicals are the fountain source offirst-class and fourth-class mail.They also perform an invaluableservice in freely carrying messagesbeen modified or I for the price of one, plus 1 cent; 4cent Dress Pins, 2 papers 6 cents;5 cent Shoe Laces, 2 for 6 cents;5c Card Safety Pins, 2 cards, 6c;5 cent Pearl Buttons, 2 cards 6cents; 4 packages Darning Cotton,5 cents, S packages 6c; Clark'sThread, 5 cent Spools, 2 spools 6cents; 5 cent Pot Cover Knobs, 2for 6 cents; 5 cent Pocket Mirrors,2 for 5 cents; 5 cent Thimbles, 2for 6 cents.All size Water Coolers, ScreenDoors, Window Screens, Wall Paper,Linoleum, at a 20 reduction.THE FAIRBenedetti & Co.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that posFesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who CareYou know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Go'sPor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"?jql!CLEARINGSOur Great Clearing SaleSTRIKES NEW LOW PRICESON ALLDry Goods FurnishingsReduction! Hitherto unheard-of insure quick clearancest unprecedented low price v , -'THE PRIDE OF PARIS"f$tA General Store Wide ClearingNOT A GARMENT SPAREDON ALLjgS&RPOKAieREADY-TO-WEARDEPARTMENT STORE'i- a. yPARIS, KENTUCKYV m . .. . . rr.races are lowered while aualitr remain Ant mivt mand secure lowered pricesti -' . ,-1-'T4ft1V - "" '' k .'.v i" $ 3,kL.,tf.&feJv&,. vi .- s - 74 14 J .3ii, -f"u,FRIDAY, JULY 7, 1922.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPA6KMM '"js. J- T- V -JUlMflM&forlPERSONALS"GIFTS THAT LAST" omiIl&s ana wings pi some ionKnow and Others YonspPAEIS JOCKEY IN THE PICTURESDon.The photogravure section of the... . -r - 1 J. ILouisville uouner-journai oi last : Mrs. Robert L. Frank is visitingSunday contained a likeness of friends and relatives in Chicago.Wright Houghland, jockey, astride j Miss Louise Keal has taken aof "Vagabond," winner of the recent position as bookkeeper in the BourWarren county Derby. Houghland is bon-Agricultural Bank,a son of Mrs. Houghland, supervisor j Mrs. Winnie K. Ford, who hasof nurses at the Massie Memorial ? been ill for several days at her homeHospital, in Paris. ion Duncan avenue, is improving.o J Misses Lucille and AnnaATTENTION. BOURBON POST Haywood, of North Middletown, areEVOLUTION OF JULY POURTHAMERICAN LEGIONguests of Miss Elizabeth Prewitt, inMt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. Tom Collier, ofParis, attended the funeral and bur-The Bourbon Post of American Legion will meet to-night (Friday), at7:30 o'clock, at the court house, jial of Wm. J. Gossett, at Cynthiana,This is the first meeting for several j Wednesday.months and a large attendance is Mrs. William Senters and daugh-desired.T. S. SMYLIE,Commander.HAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(iuly7 tf )oA WARNING!The following item of interest totraveling men in this section isfrom the "Sample Case" departmentof the Lexington Herald:"Traveling men, take warning!Paris, Cynthiana, Georgetown andHarrodsburg close every Thursdayat noon. You better arrange "yourtrip in order to get there before 12o'clock. This is especially urged tothose interested in the grocery line."BITTEN BY WOLP. J " QSSS" """'' Charles Blake) a young whiteboy, was bitten by a wolf which hasbeen kept chained at the MammothGarage on Main street for severalmonths. The young man got tooclose to the animal, which jumpedat him and sank his teeth in his leg.He was taken to the office of Drs.Daugherty & Orr, where the woundwas given medical attention. Noserious results will follow, it isthought.EXTRA NICE LOT OP LATCABBAGE PLANTS.JOE LAVIN,332 WEST EIGHTH ST.PICTURE PROGRAM .AT GRANDAND ALAMOTo-day, Friday. July 7 DoubleFeature Program Elaine Hammerstein, in "Why Announce YourMarriage?" Blance Sweet, in "HerUnwilling Husband."To-mororw, Saturday, July 8Will Rogers, in "An UnwillingHero;" Pathe Weekly; ChristieComedy, "The Huntsman."Monday, July 10 Richard Barthelmess, in "Experience."oWANTS BRIDGE BUILTMagistrate John N. Sshropshire, amember of the Bourbon Fiscal Courtattended the meeting of the Harrison county Fiscal Court, where hepresented a business matter affecting Bourbon and Harrison counties.Squire Shropshire and a delegationof farmers from the Silas neighborhood were present to urge thebuilding of a bridge across SilasCreek, near Jacksonville, at thejoint expense of both counties. TheRoad Engineer and Magistrates Lebus, Martin and Dunn were appointed as a committe to take action onthe matter.oGATHER GRAVEYARD RECORDSThe members of the JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., of Paris,are planning a season of summerwork that promises to be beneficialand pleasant. The charter membersexpect to take basket luncheons.!and one day in each week to visit Rodes; the newly-elected State Redeserted graveyards in the county . gent. Mrs. Clay was chosen as chairand collect data and invaluable rec-man of the D. A. R. Magazine Comords from the old tombstones that ' mittee, and Miss Grimes, as chairare decaying so fast or being thrown1 man of the auditing committee.ter, Bettie, of Hazard, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. White Varden, at theirhome on Vine street.Ford Fithian, of Charleston,West Virginia, is visiting his mother, Mrs. Mayme Fithian, and hisbrothers, Harry and Chas. Fithianin this city.Mrs. Jack Wilson, of Paris, attended the funeral and burial ofJudge Hiram Johnson, at London,Ky., Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. D. Kemmerlingand children, of Newcastle, Indiana,are guests of the former's brother,John B. Geis, and Mrs. Geis, in thiscity.Mrs. Fred Hill was taken in theDavis ambulance Wednesday to theWoodford County Hospital, at Versailles, where she will be undertreatment.Miss Julia McCarthy, nightChief Operator in the local Cumberland Telephone office, left yesterday for Chicago, on a vacationvisit to relatives'. ----.-Misses Margaret and DorothyBullock have returned to theirhome in Paris, after an extendedvisit to relatives and friends inShelbyville and Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Thompson, of Paris, attended the dancegiven at The Britling, in Lexington, Wednesday night, by Miss Rosetta March, in honor of her houseguest, Miss Olivia Harlan of Middlesboro, Ohio.Miss Edna Snapp, daughter ofMrs. Alice Snapp, of Paris, has accepted a position as teacher of English in the Covington High Schoolfor the coming year. She is at present engaged in social service workat the Lakeland State Hospital.Miss Elizabeth Steele, whose"gypsy tea" was postponed fromlast week, entertained last nightwith a picnic supper at her homenear Paris. A large number ofguests, many from out-of-town, enjoyed the unique entertainment.Mr. and Mrs. Grover Laytonentertained at their home near Parisin honor of the following guests:Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Bradley. Mr. andMrs. M. C. Bradley and son, of Mt.Olivet; Mrs. Grant Brewer and twosons, Mrs. Walter McConnell anddaughter, of St. Louis,, Mo.; Mr. andMrs. Wm. Overby,, of Paris.Harry Stamler, for many yearssupervisor of bridges and construction work for this division of theLouisville and Nashville railroad,has been ill for several days withwhat physicians pronounce to be ablood clot on the brain. Mrs.Stamler and her son, RaymondStamler, are at his bedside.A card to THE NEWS fromMrs. Nettie DeJarnett, of Paris, whois visiting in Los Angeles, Calif.,says: "Our party had a fine tripout, with the exception of comingthrough the desert, which was veryprostrating. Weather fine here thisthis week. Haven't been out verymuch so far, but want to start outnext week." Mrs. Dejarnette is located at 4202 Clayton avenue, Hollywood. Mrs. C. M. Clay and Miss Elizabeth Grimes, of Paris, attendedthe meeting of the State Board, D.A. R., held in the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington, Wednesday. This wasthe first meeting of the Board underthe administration of Mrs. Williamaway. Among tne oia cemeteries tobe visited in this way is the one atthe historic old Cane Ridge church,where many of the pioneers of Bourbon county are buried.oCOMMUNITY SERVICE GIVES"NEIGHBORHOOD NIGHT"(Other Personals on Page 3)BIRTHSIn St. Louis, Mo., to the wife ofE. P. Davis, a daughter, named Liljlian Jane. Mrs. Davis was formerlyDon't forget to come out to-night i Missatt'e., yi. 'P?is-borhood Night. A truck load or AanMv w w 'singers and f J m . -four different points in the , city, be- Hq in CM Mtween the hours of seven and nine was formerl M EdithCome to the stopping place nearest q The utUeyour home to meet your friends been named Caroline Bo wMchfrom your own and other parts of wag the maiden name Qf hertown. It's your party. Let them ngl grandmother Mrs Alex Kellerknow you are glad- to see them. formerly of ParisMeeting place, the court house Qsquare; the time and place, 7:00 p. nri.f pHTlVr IFI 1 1 Om., Nineteenth and Main; 7:30 p. KfrAI KM fl I K IlKALNm.; Fifteenth and High; 8.00 p. m.;WL laJlillLl ISIeALJSeventh and Walker Avenue; 8:30p m., Second and Lilleeton avenue. I The farm of seventy-two acres,Make a date with some of your belonging to Mrs. Margaret B. Atirtends for "Neigalwrkooa Night," king, located on the Mt. Horeb pike,to-airht Bwykfirfr will e out,, near Islington, wm purcuaaeuvrvbodr will kar a ,goo4L Tjwwlay by Coarnan J. Campbella rrybodyTwo or three generations ago,judging by old newspapers, peopletook much more interest in the realmeaning of July Fourth. Banquetsand oratorical gatherings were heldeverywhere, with expressions of fervent Americanism.The glorious achievements of ourcountry were celebrated, while thepowers of Europe were spoken of aseffete nations whose sun had set.and likable about the spirit of thoseold patriotic gatherings, even thoughsome of the remarks would nowsound rather crude.People had similar ideas in thosedays, and used to enjoy big noisesand other primitive forms of celebration. So the habit of discharging firearms and making big bonfiresgot established as a means of expressing national joy. As timewent on and people grew more sophisticated, the adults got sick ofkiddish ways of observance, but theyoungsters kept them up and developed them. They reached a pointat one time where life in many cities on "the night before" bore aclose approximation to one's conception of the infernal regions.Fourth of July should be a glorious occasion, but we all seem toobusy on various outings to observeit as it should be. Still many citiesdo show civic spirit by the interesting observances that they produce.A program of athletics is a suitableJuly Fourth event, and displays thatmanly prowess which enabled thestruggling colonists to fight a severewar against terrible odds. Paradesand fireworks can be pretty and interesting observances that delightyoung folks and give opportunityfor artistic effects.The day ought not to be passedwithout suitable recognition, sinceit marked a turning point in history. It signified that a force of freedom and justice was born in theworld, which was bound to revolutionize human life on this planet.f,vs.AGENTS WANTEDSell the Original Watkins Products. Good city territory still openGet our wonderful offer and freesamples. Write to-day.J. R. WATKINS CO., 'Dept. 78, Memphis, Tenn.(4-2t)oHAH INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST HAIL WITH McCLURE &DONALDSON, FIRST NATIONALBANK BUILDING. (27-tf)lodgeIotesThe most important feature ofthe meeting of Bourbon Lodge, I. O.O. F., Monday night, will be readingof reports from the Finance, Hall,Widows' and Orphans committees,and installment of new officers. Bepresent. There will be somethingdoing all the time.At the present rate of Tanlacsales, it is estimated the grand totalwill reach 24,000,000 bottles at theend of the present year. Tanlac issold by all good druggists, (adv)PLANTS FOR SALEWhite Plume and Giant Pascal resetCelery Plants, also Valley Lilyroots. Move them now.MISS LELIA B. CLARK,1605 South Main Street.Cumberland Phone 967.fa,.:;. .STRAYEDFrom my place on the Cynthianapike, near Paris, five two-year-oldSouthdown ewes and two lambs.Reward for return toBRUTUS J. CLAY,Route 6, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 978.Notice to Creditors !Al persons having claims againstthe estate of Geo. R. Bell are requested to present same to the undersigned for payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of George R.Bell or the firm of Ford & Co., ofwhich he was a member, are urgedto call and settle promptly with theundersigned.DUNCAN BELL, -Executor Geo. R. Bell, Executor.(7-3t)Silk Dresses25 Ladies and Misses' SilkDresses Special atAssorted Colors. Only 25.Come Early.Twin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetPARIS. KY.Beat the Heat!Get Yourself in One of Our Summer Suitsand the other necessary articles for summer wear, at 1lowered costs, and whafs to keep you frombeing comfortable?o411 Summer Suits,Shoes, Shirts, Underwear and. Shirts forMen and Boys havebeen reduced in priceto move them.LET'S GO!ummm lUfcU?mm&LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveThe Only Shade Made With A VentilatorJtSELF-HANGINGVudorVENTILATINGPORCH SHADES'- T-&M1.Make your porch the most livable place about the home and do itwith VUDOR PORCH SHADES and our GOOD FURNITURE,SWINGS and RUGS. We are making very attractive prices.a-Automatic RefrigeratorsAre the BestTHE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach-Undrtaklnc. iIMMHi-ii;.'114tilJi!f.mii!Cantrill, for $12,514.25.time.'.&' Xo "&'. tJV t, .1"sr PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY"?, 1922.It.I- I.JjuINDIGESTION?vHours may be consumed in describing the suffering, mentally and physically, from thisdistressing ailment which hasbaffled the skilled specialistsfor years. Probably the mosthelpful remedy you are likelyto find is Tanlac, which hasproven that, through its natural influence on the digestiveorgans, it is an ideal agentfor overcoming this mostdreaded disorder.Tanlac is sold by all good druggistsJessPughFun SpecialistQ Jess Pugh presents,among numerousother fun specialties, "The SnuffStricken Reader'which was originated by him andwhich hasgeneratedthroughout the country.Q Jess Pugh is one ofthe most popularChautauqua entertainers of the day.SEVENTH NIGHTRedpathChautauqua7 Big7 DaysSEASON TICKETS2.75ITFTY-FOUE, CONVICTIONS(Frankfort State Journal)Sixty-two arrests in one monthand 54 convictions by the wardensemployed by the State Game andFish Commission reflect high creditupon the service and indicate thatthere is plain proof of violation ofthe conservation laws.The proportion of convictions tototal arrests is indicative of a soundsentiment in behalf of laws whichwill prove highly and widely valuable if well enforced.Violating the game and fish lawsreflects as often as not ignorance ofthe value of the laws. The hunteror fisherman who is a violator hasno real conception of the way inwhich fish and game can be increased where the law is obeyed. Thatthere is little difficulty in convicting those who, in their ignorance oftheir own interest in conservation,violate the law is a good indicationof support of conservation. Theeducative effect of frequent convictions is highly useful.It has been uphill work, but Kentucky is gaining ground as a conserver of game and fish. No project distributes so widely the benefits of its success.Catarrhal ConditionsCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis taken internally and acts through theBlood upon the Mucous Surfaces of theSystem. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEgives the patient strength by improvingthe general health and assists Nature indoing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, Ohio.LOYAL TO HIS HOME TOWN TOTHE DEATHCHAUTAUQUA WEEK HEREJULY 12TH TO 19THBRIGHTER,EVENINGSIL.1- WWmsF&lTJust HistoryIn 76The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gnestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Jut presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Pari. G& Electric Co.A young Kentuckian found himself in the front trenches facing theHindengurg line. It was a terriblenight, rain, storm, shell fire, hell.The e'nemy was fighting like a cor,nered rat. The air was heavy withgas shells, grenades, etc.With the gray dawn of themorning the bombardment ceased assuddenly as it had begun and for theshambles and wreck of war therefell a strange, awe 'inspiring silence.The tension was increased ratherthan diminished, until it seemedthat strong men must scream or losetheir reason, unless some one orsomething should break that fearfuland unnatural calmness. It came.Shouted -at the top of a Kentuckyvoice, rancorous and belligerent,these words broke the soul-destroyingspell"You're a liar. Paducah, Kentucky, has got the best street carsystem of any town in the world."oNEWSPAPER CHANGESAnnouncement of the resignationof Eugene Knott as general managerof the Louisville Evening Post wasannounced by that paper, effective atonce. W. W. Stouffer, who has beenbusiness manager will fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Knott's resignation.BnWaddeirsPile RcmcdirCWt Suffer-Don't be Operatedm ota jam hm tifed Dr. WdWl'fUmRtmmdr. AWiut. 1 Gmm.- m r -.fir abtotate MtMfee&oa orfiUtf. 91.50 trbtH at yowIf Bot write ma.VOCATIONAL EXPERTTO LECTURE HEREChautauqua Audiences will HearImportant Address.Prof. Chester M. Sanford to DiscussProblem of Avoiding the Misfitin Industry."What shall I do in the world?" Isa great problem which interests all ofus. Aid in the solution of this problem is afforded by the lecture, "Failures of the Misfits," to be given hereat the Redpath Chautauqua by Prof.Chester Milton Sanford.Professor Sanford Is an expert onvocational guidance. His lecture aimsto guide the young people of the com-CHESTER M. SANFORDmunity Into choosing their proper vocations to help eliminate misfits inindustry and the professions. Everyperson, young or old, who has thefuture of America at heart will bevitally interested in this lecture.The tragedy in many lives is the attempt to succeed in one line of workwhen ability and inclinations point Inan entirely different direction. Manya man who would succeed in businesswould be a failure as a physician andvice versa.Professor Sanford's lecture gives valuable suggestions concerning the choosing of a vocation.Will ImpersonateLiterary Notablesat Chautauqua HereMark Twain, Longfellow, Riley,Hugo and other literary masters willlive again in the impersonatlve lec-ture-recitalto be presented by SidneyLandon, humorist, scholar and Interpreter, at the coming Redpath Chautauqua. With the aid of wigs, grease paintand vivid descriptions, Mr. Landon presents character studies and speakingSIDNEY LANDONlikenesses of a number of the bestloved men of letters; and while inmake-up, he reads from their bestknown masterpieces.One of Mr. Landon's favorite impersonations is of Mark Twain as thatfamous humorist appeared on the occasion of his seventieth birthday anniversary banquet. Poe and Bill Nye,Tennyson and Kipling also appear Inthe Landon gallery of Impersonatlveportraits.The Landon lecture-recital is Inspirational, educational and entertaining.CHATJTAUQA WEEK HEREJULY 12TH TO 19THoAncient Fortifications.The explorers who attempted toscale Mount Everest discovered amongoiuer tnmgs, several ancient fortifications built in unexpected places in thehigh Tibetan mountain valleys, 15,000feet above sea level. Partly to protectcue neias from being washed away bymountain freshets and partly to guardagainstraids by enemy tribes, walls20 feet high and often more than amile long, guarded by strange roundwatch towers, were constructed at intervals at the head of these fertilevalleys.oBeauty in the South.In the South the crape myrtle becomes a small tree and turns a brilliant bronze almost or quite red, saysthe American Forestry Magazine. Itis much grown for its summer andearly fall flowers, but3 it also1 has valuefor the colpr of its ripening foliage othe spproek,o'f cold, weather.-irVHrefTqWWWWOn Sale everywhere fromNThefefUSCO'Tinnvith many improvementsHheorice remainsonXjfSlk. tfte sameJPmI022,' jf? mtk forthemmm LB - W- WMM HimWtimm LHP IRiiPGslla PJSV9EmmMd. WlmmiPHrit mmfmVlKiS32"J0flntI fi&KoBSSsKiuSbbbSbSbbbHBWaBaiMBVJ&SSsIN"USCO" announcedits new low price of$10.90 last Fall, themakers were alreadybusy developing a stillgreater "Usco" value.The new and better "Usco" asyou see it today with no changein price and tax absorbed bythe manufacturer.You'll note in the new andbetter "Usco" these featuresThicker tread, giving greaternon-skid protection. Stouter sidewalls.Altogether a handsomer tirethat will take longer wear bothinside and out.The greatest money's worth offabric tire in the history of pneumatics.United States TiresUnited States Rubber GompanywwwwwwwwfcfckkkkkkkkkkWkkkWhere YouCan BuyU. S. Tires:MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO., Millersburg, Ky.RUGGLES MOTOR CO., Paris, Ky.WHITE FRONT GARAGE, Paris, Ky.BAINS HELP GAEDENERSSoaking rains the first part ofweek worked wonders with vegetation, and freshened up fields parched almost brown under a July sun.Stock water was getting scarce insome parts of the county, and manylivestock dealers were driving theircattle and other stock long distances to where they could obtainwater. Farms and gadens have benefitted greatly from the life-givingmoisture and the crops are in finecondition as a resultThe drought had begun to havean effect on tobacco and corn cropsin many sections. The rains that fellin June were not sufficient to helpthe crops very .materially.The hay crop nas been harvested,the dry weather prevailing duringthe past two weeks being favorableto the ripening and satisfactorycuring of this crop.Early corn has reached the tasseling stage, and with more rain,should produce some roasting earssoon. The fruit crop in general ispromising and, with favorableweather, a bumper crop will be produced. Potatoes and oats have suffered most from the drought, andthe blackberry crop may be short insome sections.SUPERINTENDENTS URGEDORGANIZE TEACHERSTOCounty School Superintendentsand school principals are urged byCharles D. Lewis, State Director ofTeacher Training, to organize theirteaching forces during the .summertraining schools for the work of thenext scholastic year. The organization of county educational associations is recommended by ProfessorLewis, who suggests that such organizations, after being completed,should be put behind every progressive movement in the different counties, including the district librarycampaign, school improvementleague, parent-teachers' associations,boys' and girls' club work and goodroad movements.oACROSS THE ATLANTIC BY AIR 'BWhen Looking ForGOOD PAINTAt the Lowest Possible PricesGive Us a CallWc carry everything in the Paintand Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.We're also Contracting Paintersand Paper Hangers. Let us figure on your next job.KANE BROS.AGENTS FOR THE FOY PAINTSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 359The U. S. naval seaplane N-C4(Read), in 1919 (May 16-27), flewfrom Trepassy, British North America, via the Azores, to- Lishon, Portugal, 2,150 miles, in 26 hours, 45minutes, actual flying time.A British biplane (Alcock-Brown)in 1919 (June 14-15), flew from St.John's, N. F., to Clifden, Ireland,1,960 miles, in 16 hours, 12 minutes.The British dirigible balloon R-34(Scott), in 1919 (July), flew fromEast Fortune, Scotland, to Mineola,N. Y., 3,130 miles, in 108 hours, 12minutes, and returned from Mineolato Fulham, England,-3,200 miles, in74 hours, 56 minutes.A Spad airplane, in , 1921, inFrance, flew at the rate of 193 milean hour.LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(ti)Genuine Ford ParteExpert: Battery Service ..Repairs - Storage Suppliesn,2iText not availableText not available