1 1 f V v .J-.V- .$&&& -THEi -M'Z 1 -&t.m4As, ttif;PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY Di THE YEAR.,-VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1922l . , J. -.BOURBON NEWSHAHDMAN TEIAL SET FOR T0-MOEEOWWednesday morning at 10 o'clockwas agreed on as the time for theexamining trial of Scobee Hardman,accused of the murder of Leon Renaker, Blue Grass "turkey king."This announcement was made following a conference of Hardman'scounsel, Judge J. Smith Hayes andHervey Lisle, with County AttorneyHerbert Moore, County Judge Scobee and other officials.The defense would be ready byTuesday, according to reports, butWednesday was agreed on, as thecommonwelath must summon anumber of witnesses, Mr. Mooresaid, some from Bourbon county andothers from Cincinnati.Young Hardman, in the Clarkcounty jail, at Winchester, where hewas taken from Lexington, still refuses to discuss the charges againsthim, referring questioners to his attorneys. Police Judge Scrivner was agreedon to sit in the case, as CountyJudge R. S. Scobee refused to sit,due to the fact he is a relative ofHardman. Hardman stated that heis confident of his acquital, butother than that refuses to talk aboutthe case.It is not known whether the defendant will ask for a secret examining trial, to which he is entitledunder Section 63 of the KentuckyCriminal Law.Detective Ora Slater left Saturdayfor Cincinnati. The nature of hismission is not known, but it isthought that he is getting a new-angle on the case. The general attitude of the people in Winchesterseems to be "a man is innocent until he is proven guilty."Since his arrest, which occurredfifteen days after the discovery ofone of Kentucky's most mysteriousmurders, young Hardman has maintained a cheerful silence regardinghis arrest and the charge againsthim.When seen at the Winchester jailSaturday, following his return tothat city after spending twenty-fourhours in the Fayette county jail,Hardman appeared in good spiritsand said he had had a good night'sTest.He said there is nothing remarkable about him keeping up his courage "because an innocent man hasnothing to fear." In giving a reason for keeping silent Hardman saidto a newspaper representative "If aman doesn't tell anything he hasnothing to take back."THE PRIDEsitA CLEARING OF ALLODDS AND ENDSSOME GARMENTS AT HALF ANDONE-THIRD THEIR WORTHA LOTVOILE DRESSES$3.95 and $6.95FINE SKIRTSValues to $12.50$6.95MILLINERYHats that Sold to $25.00$1.98 $2.98 $3.98SPORT DRESSES$9.85 to $17.95. iDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKY- rPARISIANS EN ROUTE TO HONOLULU.Special to THE BOURBON NEWS.San Francisco, Cal., Aug. 14.Among those booked to sail on theMatson Line steamer, "Maui," forHonolulu, August 23, are W. Ren-ick Smith, grandson of Mrs. W. H.Renick, of Paris, Ky., and his mother, Mrs. Curtis P. Smith, formerly ofDallas, Texas, but who will be remembered in Kentucky as Miss Annie Renick.Mr.' Smith is starting his Oriental tour at Honolulu and expects tovisit Japan, China, India and Egypt.He is going abroad as the officialpress representative of the Far EastPlayers, Inc., a dramatic organization, headed by Miss Adele Blood,star of famous "Everywoman."Miss Blood and T. Daniel Frawley, producer and actor are associated in the production of a number ofthe latest Broadway successes inthe Orient. Mr. Frawley has madea dozen or more tours of the FarEast.' Among the plays to be offeredover there are Anna Christie, TheGold Diggers, The First Year, La LaLucille, Pom Pom, Innocent, TheGuilty Man, Enter Madame, Kempy,Lawful Larceny, Smilin' Through,and others.Mrs. Curtis P. Smith will accompany her son for the trip. Theywill travel ahead of the troup agreat part of the time. Mr. Smithwas reared in Texas, but is a nativeof Bourbon county, and has visitedhis aunt, Mrs. James Duncan Bell,in Paris, numerous times.The Oriental tour of the Far EastPlayers will cover a period of sevenmonths.oETHEL CLAYTON IN "THE CRADLE," THURSDAYEthel Clayton in latest Paramountpicture, "The Cradle," will be thefeature at the Alamo Theatre andParis Grand, Thursday afternoonand evening. This is a picture thatprovokes the question, "Is it fair toa child for a husband and wife toseparate?" Financial worries andtoo much mother-in-law, cause thehusband, a young doctor, to yield toi.the charms of another woman awealthy daughter of the idle rich.A divorce. The husband marriesthe other woman, and the wife alawyer who was a former suitor.Then follow many interesting incidents. Charles Meredith is leading manand heads an excellent supportingcast of players.OF PARIS''rl"''THE STRIKE SITUATIONLocally the strike situation hasI not developed anything out of the'ordinary, and the men are awaiting'the results of conferences in progress by their National leaders and'the Labor Board.I W. H. Brown, vice-President of!the International Brotherhood ofRailroad Shop Crafts, spoke at thecourt house Friday night to acrowd which taxed the capacity ofthe big Circuit Court room, takingas his subject: "Why The Shopmen Are On Strike." Mr. BrownJ was introduced by S. Jewell Rice,'Lexington attorney, who stated inI his introductory remarks that Mr.I Brown had been brought to Paristo place before the people the realissue in the railroad strike situation. Mr. Brown stated that this strikewas not a strike for definite wages,but a fight between human rightsand property rights. He said thatthe rights of workmen to live respectably and to properly educatetheir children and to create betterconditions for the posterity was inconflict with the plan of Wall streetto make millionaires of railroadmagnates and relegate the mass ofpeople to the poor house. He statedthat the railroads were arguingthat the strikers were outlaws, butthat they forgot to state that it ispositively known that ninety-tworaildoads in 104 cases violated thetransportation act. He stated thatduring the war, when men weresupposed to be doing philanthropicacts for the government, 12,000 newmillionaires were made, and thatthe new democracy is worse thanthe old.Mr. Brown, in referring to localconditions, said the strike-breakerson the job here wouldn't work a dayat honest toil in a pie factory.He said that outside of the men onstrike there were not enough craftsmen to man one railroad, and citedin his own way it was necessaryfor the railroads to take back theirold experienced men. Mr. Brown'sspeech was a masterful presentation of the striker's side of the present affair, and was full of able, convincing arguments for the justice oftheir cause. One statement in thecourse of his speech which broughtforth applause from the big crowdwas to the effect that "organizedlabor is composed of 5,000,000 members, from the lowest craftsman tothe most skilled men in the Worldto-day." His address was along thelines of the evolution of labor fromits beginning to the present timeand the very important part laborunions play in bettering the condition of the laboring man.The railway executives of thecountry Sunday night made publictheir response to President Harding's last strike settlement proposalin which it was stated that a majority of the executives in their meeting at New York, Friday, voted togive striking shop crafts workerstheir old jobs if vacant, or if filled)similar work pending determinationof seniority by the Railroad LaborBoard.The executives' committee, whichcame to Washington, Saturday, anddelivered to President Hardingtheir response to his last settlementproposal and later met with chiefs ofthe train service brotherhoods, let itbe known that no further conferences of any kind were planned.The announcement was describedby one spokesman for the executivesas meaning "a fight to the finish" inthe existing strike so far as the railroad managements were concerned.Railroad executives who have represented all their associates in negotiating over Saturday and Sundaywith President Harding and railroadstrike left Washington convincedthat the present strike would befought out to a finish.The executives further indicated,through an authorized spokesman,that they expected the governmentwould not attempt futher compromise in the situation and make public the text of their answer to President Harding's final settlementproposal.Union leaders, however, declaredthat mediation and compromise efforts would still be continued withofficials of the four brotherhoods ortran service men acting as a committee to go between the striking'shop craft representatives on theone hand and the government or therailroads on the other.Twelve hundred trainmen, members of the Big Four brotherhood,employed on the Cumberland division of the Louisville and NashvilleRailroad, left their trains at teno'clock yesterday morning.This ties up the great Harlan andBell county coal fields. The walkout was ordered.The walkout was ordered becausethe trainmen claimed armed guardsat the Louisville and Nashville shopswere endangering their lives.They also claimed that they werebeing required to operate defectiveequipment in violation of the lawand thus also ' endangering theirlives. .4 j ., Traiame who walked out ytiter-THEPlans are rapidly being formulated for the Booster day trip, which themerchants of Paris will put into effect on Wednesday, August 30. Theitinerary will include every sectionof the county. As far as the planshave been worked out, they havegiven satisfaction to the variouscommittees having charge of the details. According to present plans theboosters will arrive at Millersburgat noon, and take dinner on thecampus of the Millersburg MilitaryInstitute. The dinner will be served by the' ladies of the MillersburgPresbyterian church, who will prepare to serve about three hundredpeople. Those who have subscribedto the Booster Trip have been furnished with one ticket each to thedinner, and any person who wouldlike to motor to Millersburg for thedinner and speaking may secure adinner ticket for 75 cents from Secretary Harold Harris, of the ParisCommercial Club. The list of firmswho have subscribed for the trip includes the names of nearly everymerchant in Paris,oCHARGED WITH MALICIOUS CUTTING Will Scott, colored, janitor in theFirst National Bank building, wasseverely stabbed and wounded inchest and back yesterday morningby Wm. H. Whaley. A warrantbased on affidavits made by Scott,charging Whaley with maliciouscutting and wounding, was swornout by County Attorney D. D. Clineand given to Patrolman Robert Luskto serve.Scott, according to the story toldyesterday, had received orders fromthe bank officials to lock the lobbydoors and to allow on one to enterbefore the opening of bankinghours. Whaley came to the bankearly yesterday morning, and beingrefused admission by Rice, becameangry and drawing a knife, inflictedtwo deep stab wounds, one in thechest, and one in the back.SOME PEACHESA small peach tree in the backyard at the home of Mr. and Mrs.A. J. Fee, on Fifth street, is someproducer of the luscious fruit. Mrs.Fee recently gathered fourteenpeaches, averaging 9 inches in diameter from the tree which spranguncultivated from a seed carelesslytossed into a pile of cinders andearth in the yard. The peaches areof the clingstone variety. The treehad never borne fruit until struckby lightning about a year ago, whichis thought to have started it intoproducing.TBAINS DELAYED BY WBECKNorth bound train No. 32, on theLouisville and Nashville, due atParis at 6:50 Saturday night, wasseven hours late, due to a freightwreck at Sinks, near Livingston,when a double-header engine andten loaded cars were thrown downa fifty-foot embankmennt. FiremanCharles Rice, of Livingston, was seriously injured. The front enginejumped the track, due, it was said,to a defective rail, and raced alongthe ties for two hundred feet. Thewrecking crews were called out andhad the wreckage cleared so thattraffic was resumed Sunday.NEWS OF THE COUBTSIn the County Court Mrs. Margaret Davis was appointed as administratrix of the estate of her deceased husband, W. L. Davis, who diedin this city the past week. Mrs. DaVis accepted the appointment andqualified for the trust by furnishingbond in the sum of $6,000, with hersister, Mrs. John T. Hinton, as surety. Buckner Woodford, WilliamMyall and Jos. W. Davis were appointed to appraise the estate.A woman doesn't have to be agood cook to roast her neighbors.You can do as you please if youplease as you do.day morning declared that their action was not a strike. They saidthey simply had refused to work until conditions were made safe.E. F. Ford, chairman of the Cor-bin local of the Brotherhood ofTrainmen said that the men hadbeen asked to operate bad equipmentand that the 'guards at the Corbinshops had been abusive. He saidthat instances of guards trying to intimidate the union men, drawing'guns on men operating engines andtrains and cursing them had been reported to the union headquarters."The men simply have quit workuntil conditions -are made safe forthem to work," he said. "There isno strike at all. The men cannotbe expected to work when, their livesare iastanly endamgered by armedguards threateminff them and deiec-tire fcauiistat.vGETTING BEADY FOEBOOSTEB TBIPM0BGA3TS MEN BEUNION ATLEXINGTONMrs. Ida Hamilton Stoner, of Mt.Sterling, widow of the late Col.Robt. G-. Stoner, of Paris, was in thiscity yesterday, en route to Lexington, to attend the annual reunionof Morgan's Men, of which her husband was an honored member. Mrs.Stoner claims the distinction of being the only surviving widow of aMorgan's Men member. Every yearit has been her pleasant duty to pinflowers on the lapels of the veterans.Members of the association will beguests to-day and to-morrow of theLexington Country Club on invitation of Senator J. W. Stoll, DeshaBreckinridge and Dr. S. H. Halley.The annual reunion will open thismorning. Their numbers have beensadly decimated by the passage ofyears and only a few score of veterans are expected to be present.There will be no formal programat the reunion this year. Followingthe usual custom, it will be a reunion in the real sense of the word,the recalling to mind of incidentsand associations of campaign daysbeing the feature of the two-dayssession.INVESTMENT PBOPEBTY FOBSALEHarris, Speakes and Harris offertwo pieces of property for sale Wednesday, August 16, at 2 p. m. Don'tfail to attend.(8-11-15)PBIS0NEB ATTEMPTS SUICIDEUnsuccessful in an attempt tobreak jail, Nelson Porter, colored,confined in the Paris jail on a chargeof grand larceny, attempted suicideby hanging himself from a ropemade of bed covers which he hadtorn into strips. Other prisoners'saw the attempt and called JailerTaylor, who rescued him before thedeed became effective. He was placed in solitary confinement. Porter'speculiar actions both before andsince his incarceration have been ofa nature, according to the officials towarrant his trial on lunacy preceedings. Another negro, serving out a fineat hard labor in the county rockquarry for crap shoting, made hisescape, but returned the next dayaccompanied by a white man, whoagreed to become responsible for thepayment of his fine, and the negrowas released from custody.eFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFINALCLEARANCEOFSpringand SummercyipparelsRegardless of Cost orFormer SellingPricesFRANK&COLADIES' OUTFITTERS -ION THE PLAYGBOUXDfiThe girls' baseball team from tkCity School playgrounds will play;the Brennan playground team ox.the latter's grounds Tuesday afternoon. The boys' team will meet thWilson team and the Brennan teaion Wednesday. Thursday aftermoothe picked team will play the Dumcan Park team from Lexington on.Hancock Feld. The Paris team willline up as follows: Hickey, Crawford, p; Parsons, c; Reese, lb 3Strauther, ss; J. B. Myers, 2b; McMahan, 3b; Buddy Hinton, cf; Julian Howe, Jr.; rf; Russell Horton,If.Friday morning the kindergarten,conducted by Miss Miriam Galloway,will have a doll party. The Feastof the Lanterns and a masqueradeparty will be held at the City Schoolgrounds Friday evening at sevenio'clock. The children are all invited,to come and bring a lantern, and basure to have a candle. A prize willbe given to the child wearing themost original costume, the besthand-made lantern, and the mostbeautiful Japanese bought lantern.Entries are coming in for th totnis tournament to be held the lastweek in this month. Two handsometrophies have been donated by Mrs.Robt. C. Talbott and Dr. M. H. Dailey. Only ladies' doubles and men'doubles will be played, the wlnmriplaying their partners for the trophy. A consolation match will tbeflayed also.COMMUNITY SERVICE PICNICLABOB DAY, SEPT. 4.Monday, September 4, Labbr Day,is destined to be a red-letter day in.the history of Paris. On that daythe Paris Commercial Club and theCommunity Service proposes holding"the Jltgest and best picnic in thehistdry of the county. The beautiful woodland of. Forrest Letton, on.the Lexington pike, near Paris, hasbeen secured for the event, and thecommittees in charge of the variousactivities are leaving nothing undone to secure the best talent andattractions for the picnic. It willbe a hummer without doubt. Jotdown September 4 on your memorandum, and right underneath itwrite: "Don't forget to go to theCommunity Service Picnic to-day-"woWELL DBILLEBW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)ALLv; r,Zw fCH-' . - r'4? X,fc f"e. $F s.!V-F PAGE TWOMBIWDDAU in7IUCident-f ' paler finciel1itDUUIUHJH nEfflJihas W 'something 'smart. Thank18ft 41 Years of Continuous PublicationsHhliihed Every Tuesday and FridayYear $2.006 Month's $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.fHIIT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.satered at the Paris, Kentucky,( -Pifrtoffle, as Mail Matter , ot thex Second Class.)oumr 1FOREIGH REPRESENTAHVES. , Mew York American Press Asso-mai&on. ,Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N.W. -Avers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLoiisville Lownran-Hullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 permch for first time; 50 cents per inch-each subsequent insertion.Heading Netices,, 10 cents per linecacti issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements, and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedrto decline any advertisement orother .matter for publication.Announcements for political offices' must - invariably be accompanied by'the cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof "TQE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSOur idea of a dumb-bell hairdresser is one who tells a womanwho hasn't yet bobbed her hair thatbobbed hair is out of style.There was a young lady from Gaum"Who said, "The" sea is so caum.I will swim for a lark."But she met with a shark"We will now sing the 99 th psaum.New Orleans boasts a man whocan eat sixty pounds of crawfish atone sitting. Hereafter the road hog,the end-seat hog, the Berkshire hog,by comparison, will seem, ready for. sl back seat.Because he was driving slowlywhen the steering rod broke, CurryDedman, of Harrodsburg, is to-day alive man. This is no fable, and themoral will be, quite generally, ignored. tOne good thing may be said aboutthe coal strike it came in the summer time. But what are we goingto do this winter? Many coal dealers say if the strike should end now,they could not take care of the peo-ile's needs when the snow flies.j Domestic consumers should lay intheir winter's supply of coal in August at the very least. But therewas no encouragement to do that forthe last four or five Augusts, andthis time there won't be even a-. chance.i ...(SjHises in the price of hard coal""-will have very little interest forParis people nowadays. The average Paris housekeeper has about Vsrxsjuch use for hard coaL as! for' bids-oa 'building a steam yacht to ope-.rrate on Stoner creek.I r V 0 .f Of Cinderella;, lovel inaidYbur fame' jwjlllneyer jfet !the sack, ,,r3ecause, tn innocence arrayed,' Tpu used a pumpkin for a hack;"e lesser souls will fade and .die"We use our pumpkins for a pie!,, .""But what awaits a sceptered might.ujffi we flim-flam our appetite?L"yffightfitting clothes of pale green,"""heney and delicate fown, are to"; bethe thing in men's clothing thisfarll, say the designers. Huh! We'dlike to see some male biped Parisman walking down Main street orposing in frontpf one of the fash--looableMain street cafes in one ofrthosesartorial nightmares....A prudent Paris girl will not getr into an automobile at night with aanan she does not know, and there.Are many wise Paris girls who willmot ride in automobiles at nightwith men they do know. "Butagain," as Charlie Goodyear used tot aa'y, "there are girls who will."J ...The day is not far distant when"tlje tobacco associations, Burley and-dark "most of all, will be confrontedwjth a problem of a character different from any they have encountered hitherto. Beginning, as they'did, with the double advantage of asmall crop and low prices, they will-..shortly be called upon to undertakethe handling and disposal of a bum1ir crop coming to market on afrih level. That should provide atist of first-rat significance and43lLalleng, joV vA Louisville paper says: "Doctoriwyer, a snail town hyiician,J wasrried into the White House whenA hi all town editor became Presi-' -goodness' for the small towns and thecountry. Between then they havegiven us most of the Presidents, thefamous doctors, lawyers, merchants,and all the public men one wants toremember. And they have also givento the world some of the greatestnewspaper men. So, there's that;.(Saturday night while the streetswere crowded with vehicles and thepavements a throng of humanity, aParis citizen, evidently under theinfluence of a drug store prescription, essayed to cross the street atthe corner f Main and Eighthstreets, just as a flqck of sixteen newIf ords, bound for , Lexjingtpn, ( camealong., Tp Patrolman George M.Hill, who came along, he citizenremarked: "Mr. Hill, when's thisdarned funeral porocession going toget by?" He was sent on his wayrejoicing. ,BURLEY GROWERS WILL ADVERTISE THEIR PRODUCTDirectors of the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Association,at their regular August meeting inLexington, decided to adopt a policyof national advertising in order topopularize Burley Tobacco, redistricted the territory in which Burley Tobacco has been signed up tothe Association's co-operative marketing plan and set the dates for theannual elections, candidates for delegates to be nominated at mass"meetings at 2 o'clock in the afternoon of September 2, the delegatesto be elected by ballot at election tobe held in the courthouses of the various counties September 16, between the hours of 8 a. m. and 4 p.m. and the delegates to meet Monday, September 18, in that county ineach district which delivered thelargest amount of the 1921 tobaccocrop to the Association on Monday,September 18, as provided by the bylaws, to select a director for eachof these districts.' In the selection of delegates tothe district convention each countyis to be represented, though thosewhich produced less than a millionpounds will be allowed such fractionof a vote as the production in thosecounties bears to a million poundsof tobacco, the unit of delegate rep-i.resentation. Twice as many candidates are to be nominated in eachcounty as that county may be entitled to under the call for the electionand 'sufficient blank spaces left oneach ballot for each voter to expresshis preference for delegates in theevent he may not desire to vote forthose who may be nominated at themeetings September 2.' The mass meetings are to be called to order in each of the countiesby some grower designated by thepresident of the association and themeetings will elect their own chairmen and secretaries and will also select three officers of election, whowill hold the election September 16,'and certify the result to SecretaryH. Lee Earley. The election will be"by ballot and only the official ballot of the Association may be used,but it must be signed and can besent by mail or voted personally orsent in by another person to be voted. Ballots sent in by mail orthrough some other person than thevoter must reach the election officers during the hours of elections,8 to 4 o'clock of September 16, orprevious to that time.The election is to be advertisedin at least two issues of the newspa ,pers of the Burley district previoustto September 2 and the ballots are!to be preserved ten days, any congests to be settled by the board ofairecjtors at pe nrst meeting following the. 'election. Under thenew re-districting the districts areas follows:District No. 1 Fayette county.pistrict No! 2 OBourbon cpunty.-District No. 3 Sheibycounty.District No. 4 Mason county.District No. 5 Scott county.District No. 6 State of Ohio, except Hamilton county.District No. 7 State of Indianaand Hamilton county, Ohio.District No. 8 Franklin andWoodford counties.District No. 9 Carroll, Gallatinand Owen counties.District No. 10 Henry and Trimble counties.' District No. 11 Boone, . Campbell,Kenton and Grant counties.District No.. 12 Harrison andPendleton counties.District No. 13 Bracken, Nicholas and Montgomery counties.District No. 14 Morgan, Menifee,Bath and Montgomery counties.District No. 15 Boyd, Carter, Elliott, Fleming, Greenup, Lawrence,Lewis and Rowan counties.District No. 16 Casey, Garrard,Jessamine, Lincoln and Pulaski.District No. 17 Boyle and Mercer counties.District No. 18 Adair, Anderson,Green, Marion, Taylor and Washington counties.District No'. 19 Clark, Jackson,Laurel, Madison, Powell and Rockcastle counties.District No. 20 Bullitt, Jefferson, Nelson, Oldham and Spencer?counties.District No. 21 Barren, Breckinridge, Cumberland, Grayson, Hardin Hart, Larue, Meade, ' Mecalfe.Monroe and Warren counties.fDistrict 'No. "22--StateVirginia.of Westu; v;.Tf'X TAs early as 1840 there were 426paper mills ia the Umited Statag.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYUHANCOCK HOSE& A THEULsV, ATfGA SALES I7"The yearling sales hit a new highaverage Friday night when 40 coltsand fillies, most, of which were consigned by Arthur B. Hancock fromhis Claiborne Stud in Bourboncounty, and his Ellerslie Stud inVirginia, brought a total of $131,800, or an average of $3,295. Itwas one of the finest sales ever heldin 'the Saratogas ring. ' Mr. Hancock's 25 yearlings brought $89,300,an average of $3,572 CharltonClay consigned two 'yearlings whichbrought $8,100 and $2,300 respectively. ' The high price of the evening, $12,500 was paid by MonfordJones for a son of The Finn' andKate Adams. 'This was out oftheHancock lot. Another colt consigned by Mr. Hancock, a son of Wrackand Network, was bought by theQuincy stable for $10,600.The- following is a summary ofthe sales, with prices and buyersgiven:CONSIGNMENT OFCOCKA. B. HAN-B c, Jim Gaffney Teacher; CalMilam, $4,000. .Br f, Wrack Pyramid; R. L.Gerry, $3,800.B c, Wrack Network; QuincyStable, $10,000.B c, Ambassador IV Bobolink II;G. D. Widener, $9,000.Ch f, Jim Gaffney Lady Hempstead; R. L. Gerry, $3,000.B c, Ambassador IV Blue Ballot;Qunicy Stable, $3,600.Br f, Rock View Gold; Greentree Stable, $2,500.Br c, Rock View Clara Atkin;Fred Burlow, $1,600.Br c, Rock View Jane Straith;Will Perkins, 4,000.B c, Wrack Lady Godiva; C. J.Fitzgerald, $5,000.Br f, Wrack Kilt; W. J. Salmon,$1,600;B f', Wrack Royal Messenger;Monford Jones, $3,000.Br c, The Finn Kate Adams;Monford Jones, $12,500.B f, Wrack Irrawiddy; Abe Hallow, $1,100.Br c, Jim Gaffney Fair Louise;M. L. Schwartz, $3,600.Br c, Jim Gaffney Darling; W.J. Salmon, $3,100.B c, Wrack Pietra; Oak RidgeStable, $3,100.B f, Wrack Logistilla; Cal Milam, $2,5 00'.B f, Wrsfck Gellee; J. S. Cosden,$1,000.Ch c, Rock View Sumptuous;Montford Jones. $3,100.Br f, Ballot the Marchioness;Jake Byer, $1,000.Br f, Wrack Star Lady; J. S.Cosden, $2,100.Blk f, Rock View Trojan Belle;Sam Willetts, $800.B c, Wrack Fox Trot; QuincyStable, $2,600.B f, Wrack Irish Wit; Will Perkins, $300.CONSIGNMENT OF CHARLTONCLAYCh c, Jim Gaffney Continue;Greentree Stable, $9,100.Ch f, Jim Gaffney Dolly Higgins; R. L. Gerry, $2,300.CONSIGNMENT OF HARRIS HANCOCK B c, Wrack Nora Langhorn;William Martin, $1,700. NCONSIGNMENT OF HANCOCKAND SIMMS ,B c, Wrack Fairy Ray; WillPerkins, $2,100.! J. 'CONSIGNMENT OF, HANCOCK ANDJ GWATHMEY'' I ' (jB f, Wrack Robinetta; E. F.Whitney, $1,,300. t ' , ,, B f, Wrack Little Slower; Montford Jones'," $5,100. -- -.Br f, Wrack Censure; G. D.Widened, $3100: l s ...CONSIGNMENT OF HANCOCK AND: ' NICHOLS ,Br c, Jim Gaffney Damson; J.C. Milam, $4,100.B c, Jim Gaffney Damson; J. Cflam, $4,100.B c, Jim Gaffney Hindu Dress;R. L. Gerry, $7,000.;STATE HAS TWO USELESSOFFICESKentucky has two useless officesthat cannot be abolished by legislative enactment. These are the janitorships of the Senate and House ofthe General Assembly. They areconstitutional' offices and are filled atat every session of the Legislature,although the need of them has notexisted since the erection of the newState Capitol.Before that time the janitors ofthe Senate and House looked afterthe heating and cleaning up the twochambers, which duties now devolveupon the Capitol custodian's department and the two legislative janitors have nothing to do with thework for which they are supposed tobe chosen. The Constitution limitsthe number of legislative employesand since the modern session of theLegislature requires additional clerical assistance, the janitors are pressed into service as bill clerks or' insome other capacity." ' ,They Sfiy Off, J 3J Some firlalare jy about manrylnimem, who art any pfirea'dy-iabifjBoston xranicript. 'vi .rcfa &:ICAY HftLD XOtiMSrffcfinS', i SECRET4"f fi There are tales being told of curiosities found in caves and mountainresources, and many believe that theMound Builders, when driven fromtheir homes in the Valley of theOhio and its tributaries sought refuge and made their last stand - in,what is now the Mountains of Eastern Kentucky, writes the Molus cor-irespondent of the 'Middlesborp ThreeStates.fatejrf the Mound Builders, the remains of whose enormous works stillcause a feeling of aw;e in the mind'of the beholder. Who were they andwhat became of them?. These questions have remained unanswereditill now, but if all reports be; truethere is a possibility of these questions being answered.1 It is supposed they were drivenfrom their former homes by irruptions of fierce warriors from theNorth, who, entered their countrymuch after the manner of ZenghisKhan, or Timur m. Asia and parts ofEurope, and that the frightenedmound huilders a peaceful peoplesought refuge amid the recesses ofthe Appalachians.Strange as it may seem, the advent of prohibition is doing much toclear us these mysteries of the past.Heretofore when a mountaineer discovered a cave that had never beenopened up, his first thought was,'here's a good place for a still,' andif he did not want it for his ownuse, he could always swap or sell itto some neighbor who wished to geta secure hiding place for his still.The secret then preserved and remains of past ages that would havecaused the mouth of an antiquarianwater grave, were destroyed or carelessly cast aside. Now with theEighteenth Amendment an accomplished fact, locations for stills arevalueless, the stills themselves being sold for old iron, and the discoverer of a new cave, in somemountain recess, will be willing togive the world the benefit of hisdiscovery.It is whispered that in a latelyopened cave there was found, anearthen vessel, which on beingopened up gave forth a rich aroma,and its contents were delightful tothe palate, and possessed a strengthand potency for exceeding that ofalcohol.Its finders were two young men,and after first taking a single dropof it. their senses were dulled andvisions of celestial delight burstupon their enraptured vision.Both were familiar with the effects of corn 'whisky, but they saidthat the nectar found in the jar exceeded in potency and delightful effects that of pure grain alcohol. Itis thought that the receipt for itsmaking is pictured on the jar, butthe picture writing of the moundbuilders has as yet never been deciphered, and it will be the work oftime to unveil the secrets of its preparation. One thing the boys proved beyondthe peradventure of doubt andthat was its potency. They claimthat a single drop of this elixirpossesses the strength of a quart ofcorn whisky and say that if they canonly master the secret of its makingthe prohibition enforcers will be unable to interfere with the bootlegring of it, as its small bulk will enable it to be concealed beyond thepossibility of education. Dilutionwith water is all that is necessary inorder to obtain a drink of the secrets of the mound builders may addanother problem to the labors of thelaw enforcers, or render necessarytne enactment of a new law if tliosealready enacted fail to cover thiselixir of the mound 'builders.j A POLITE GOVERNMENT 'f , - '(Baltimore Sun)1 1 Politeness In i its higher -tform wasshown by the Chinese Cabinet of thePeking Government. Its -membersreconsidered their determination toresign vhile Secretary Denby Was inPeking because they held 4 that ( tocause a political crisis would be aninsult, to their honored guest. Notmany Governments, it is to be feared would have such tender feelings,but there is neveretheless something commendable in the Chineseattitude. A family does not stage abitter quarrel while visitors arepresent, but rather puts its' best footforward in order to show how kindlyare the members of the householdand how considerate of each other'sfeelings. It the Chinese are sufficiently philosophical to realize thatmuch of the political rancor of themodern world is after all on a parwith the unnecessary scraps that occur within an ill bred family, ttieymy be able to teach their Western,neighbors a few lessons in politicalpoliteness. A political campaignconducted with Celestial courtesywould be an interesting event.American Architects.The Roman found among the Greekssuperior workmen and tie import&lthem, hired them, and permitted themto decorate his monuments, accordingto their own taste, but recognizing;the artist only as a workman. Wefind many ot oar artists among naturalized foreigners, or .men cforeigabirth or) descent "The Colidltloa-oModern -Architecture," by-Leslie) W.perereaux, In Architecture for Fehjnaryrx Ho I yr Cr t cvsubJDIHI lbiCfW:Here's what the 'Burley TobaccoGrower, the official' publication ofthe Burley Tobacco Associationsays:"Every members of the Burley To-bacco Growers' Co-operative Associ- "';""' " iuam0Hnn ci,nM fco o ciWriw m trator for adjustment and payment.ation should be a subscriber to hishome newspaper. There is no person more interested in the 'welfare Iof the. fanner or mpre likely to doeverything possibl & enhance, thatwelfare than tfie. e'ditor of yourhome .newspaper. '"The Burley Tobacco Grower willtell you each 'month" what is goingon-in t -the Burley Tobacco GrowersCo-operative . Association. Thecounty-paper, however, willftell yousevery weekjwnat is going on m tnecounty and2 the. country m and youought tojknow that. Generally theinformation the farmer obtains fromhis local paper in a week is worththe cost for the whole year."Subscribe for your county paperand keep your subscription palid up.You owe that much to your local civicpride and you certainly owe it toyour county editors, who have beenyour best friends."PARIS A GOOD T0WK TO LIVE INParis is a town of thrift, enregyand happiness. We strive here forj'something more than business. Westrive for friendliness, one with another, which makes life worthwhile. We have a family circle inwhich every inhabitant counts one.Our motto is "One for all and all forone." And we want to play the gamewith our neighbors everywhere. Lifeis a game of brotherhood, and ourtown is building on that basis. Parisis a good old town to live in, despite the croakers and the knockers.As Usual.As usual, my monthly allowance hadrun short. Home went a telegram formoney, as usual. Back came a checkfor half the amount I asked for, asusual. But I fooled them, for I hadasked for twice the amount I needed,as usual. Pennsylvania Punch Bowl.To Whom it May Concern We have this day sold out ourbusiness to Mr. W. E. Overstreet,and any debts which you may haveagainst us will be paid by us. Wewill not be responsible for any debtmade thereafter.BOURBON BATTERY STATION,Rice & Hart.Paris, Ky., August 10, 1922.WANTED.Two more girls for Saturdayonly. Chance to work Saturdayswhen schools starts.(ll-2t) S. H. KRESS & CO.DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICALINTERURBAN TIME"rv iTABU'myoParis toLexington$7:05 a. m.S:05 a. m.f:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 aa m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. xl9:00 a. m.C&:00a. m.12:00 m.2:0t p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. a.5:00 p. m:et Pi mr7:trpm9:10 p. m.ll:06"n' inil:55 p. m.j vasn -are, euc; Ticket Pare, 64ccommutation 52 trip monthly bobkTia.uu. ncxets, single trip, or Inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.NKENTUCKY -TRACnOIT & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)PUBLIC SALEop iDESIRBALE RENT PROPERTYAsirv9 "M&ON THE PREMISES, As agents for the undersigned we will offer to the highest and bestbidder the following values In Investment properties:2 o'clock, No. 1 Is a house of 4 rooms, located on Scott avenue,just below the Maysvill'epcrossing. Has gas in the house for heating and6ULius purposes, water m'tne Jyard, and a goodi 2:30 o'clock, No. 2Is' aiouse1 of grooms,gas, water in the kitchen, and" a' good harden iierty is located, on Higgins-aTenuernearthe Clty,Hifrh School, and wlth-lt l.4. j:.i xt. . ......u 0. ouun, uiaiauw ut cue DUBines8Either of these properties willyour money, wnen money, is invested in real estate you may dependit to bring In the interest: rpurwantxtnis property, and if you w;v, no nib jwix w ust ju. auyut B9u, rent or live in. biThese houses are for sale, regardless of the price,j HARRIS, SPBAKES ft HARRIS will furnish informationI MR. AND MRS, A. L. BURLEY, Owner.tHL!L!! iltzTTHmPAXr AUGUST II, tit. "Aduiistrator's Nttict!All persons having claims againatthe estate of Caesar Stevenson, daceased," the hereby notified to pretextsame, properly proven, as requiredAll such claims not presented within the legal limit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselTerindebted to the estate of .Caefar Starjvenson, deceased are hereby notifled to call on the undersigmed Adminiatrator and make' full' andprompt settlement of such indebtednesa.' ' CHARLES HUGHES,' Administrator.(28-3wks)CAHAL BROS;BARBEE SHOP4 WHITE BAEBEES-AJModem Equipment. .Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHS8PARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916.JCAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000-00OFFSCERSFrank P. Kiser, President3. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. WMitdhell, CashierJno. W. Yerkea, Ass't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1SZL '' : - -"BRIGHTER,EVENINGSJust Historylm71 fThe 'Colonial DameSpun her clothVCMIe5iJiner'J M CIn 1860In Crinoline Dright,She greeted htr rttttsBy Coal Oil light1 (f-TAmd' later om,Howc$r doti putXtruusmt was lit5By flickerins; Gas.But the eirl of to-dar !lP.Who 'wants her home briratJ!Just presses a button HAnd has Electric light. jParis Gas & Electric Co(Incorporated) jr1 a 4. " D- vr, at A.. garden in the rear,heated and lighted by!t the rear. This -nrrm-!- .-. J . 'section ot tne town. jmake you a good investment forionwantbuy.flFARMERSHBANKsrV .h, WMsF&LFirKS-.(.t?llrlJ)?i. ,' - V 1 . A J-. 'TN!.'ff$- . . A' ,rA ? ' f ' tf 4W.t . i lJ. . . rur 1a,7. - ....Tj- nrvd vJ Afev v-T ,-Vlr, :;rx- :-i .. -.'i tfwJTT , y 4-Vv ? ? " Wf "wi$$;- - j?.V"4wl V ft' - . -r . ' .w -;jl '-St. it (SawsT1 " i wra4 M n;r fpp:-ir" TUESDAY AUGUST l5,Al922i1'TOWN PESTSVp HAS fcOX Tbwe. cvrc oo-cG iThe Cut-Across pest thinks yourYard is a Public thoroughfare and theGrass is just Placed there to makeSoft Walking, only after he CutsAcross for a While and gets Othersto do the Same, the Grass disappearsand you hae a Nice Path through theGrass.ONE-THIRD OP HENS POUND TOBE CULLSResults already obtained in thepoultry culling demonstrations being conducted over the State by theextension division of the College ofAgriculture indicate that the annualnnota of one-third of the hens inKentucky will stop laying within lthe next month and loaf untilspring, according to H. R. Jackson, Jone of the college poultrymen. Thedemonstrations, which are beingheld to show farmers and poultrymen how to distinguish between laying loafing hens, also show that thepercentage of culls in flocks thathave been fed and managed according to recommended methods duringthe summer is smaller than inflocks where little attention waspaid to the feeding and care of thebirds, Mr. Jackson added.He conducted demonstrations on atotal of 24 flocks up to the presenttime and handled 1,417 birds, 28 percent of which, or 411, showed thecharacteristic signs that they hadstopped laying. The percentage ofloafers in some flocks was as high as58 per cent, while in other flocksthat had been well cared for the percentage of culls was found to be aslow as eight per cent. Thirty-fivebirds in one poorly managed flock of60 hens had stopped laying, whileonly three in another flock of 35hens that had been well fed provedto be non-layers."One poultryman whose flock wasculled in the demonstrations foundthat keeping sour skim-milk beforethe birds at all times and' feedingthem a grain feed of equal parts ofcorn and oats at night was a goodmethod of keeping up the egg production of his hen," Mr. Jacksinduction of his hen," Mr. Jacksonresults by making a mash of groundoats and bran that was moistenedwith sour milk and fed during theday. He also gave them sour skimmilk to drink. On the college farmgood results in egg production areobtained by keeping sour skim-milkor buttermilk before the birds at alltimes, and giving them a grain feedcomposed of seven parts of wholecorn and three parts of oats. Thehens are forced to drink the milk atthe rate of one gallon a day forevery 30 hens."RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan. be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,hut in almost every case by nature'sgreat Hemedy, Radio-Active Mlwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oGLACIEKS AT THE EQUATORWe do not usually think of glaciers in connection with "darkestAfrica," or any other part of thatcontinent, but according to the United States Geological Survey, Department of the Interior, there are smallglaciers on three of the highestmountains in Equatorial AfricaMount ' Kilimanjaro, 19,321 feethigh; Mount Ruwenzori, 16,800 feethigh, and Mount Kenya, -about 17,007 ,feet high. On Kebo Peak,which is a part of Mount Kilmanjaro, there is an ice cap 200 feetthick, which fills the ravines forming glaciers, several of which extend down to points 16,000 feetabove sea level and one to 13,800feet. Both Mount Ruwenzori andMount Kenya are close 'to the equator, but their lowest glaciers extenddown to points 12,700 and 14,460feet, respectively. Above the IceAge the glaciers were jnuch largertha! they are .now. 'mfk VIJz&L li:PATilS MAN'S DEPRESSIONS 0F1HAZARD TOWNDr. Wm. Kenney, of Paris, who istemporarily located at Hazard, themagic city of the mountains, hasevidently formed a very favorableimpression of that place, as may begathered from a letter which herecently wrote THE NEWS, as follows: . - -"Hazard, Ky., August 10."Dear NEWS:"Have been intending writing forsome time, but you know how one isin a strange town, always lookingaround. We are having a nice stayup here. Hazard, ofcourse, hasn't been Hazard since therailroad strike. I think it is conceded about 40 per cent normal, butimproving daily."I find, a real nice, small sized hospital here, where I get excellentservice. I have seen some surgeryhere that I consider to have beenexueiientiy aone. nazara is certainly a very progressive littletown. Of course, owing to the strikeit is slowed up a great deal to whatit was in May, when I was her,e before, but conditions at that are farIn advance of Central Kentucky. Ihave done quite a bit of operating,and have quite a few slated for thenear future. I have made arrangements for a clinic at one of the largemines for next week, and expect tosee more of the country."The people here are vary courteous and kind. Although much notoriety has been given them throughthe papers than other sections of theState I can see no difference herefrom other places My opinion ofthe mountain people is that if youattend to your own personal affairs(.the same th.e world over) :lie naulve I'i" wi" aiteuu to uieir own.The people tell me there is a'stay' disease up here, that is, thelonger- you stay, the longer youwant to stay. The John Fox version of 'The Little Shepherd FromKingdom Come' photoplay was inthe main staged here, that is, agreat many of the films were takenm and around Hazard. I talked toa native last night who said he waswith the party."Among the prominent peoplehere "who were formerly Bourboncounty residents or natives are T. E.Moore, Jr., Rogers Moore, attorneysand very prominent through themountain section; J. Irvine Dempsey, first vice-president of the Hazard Bank and Trust Co.; 'LittleIrish,' who used to be with The Alamo Theatre in Paris, and is nowknown as Mr. B. J. McElhiney, thesign writer and decorator; Mrs. Bailey Wooten, wife of a prominent at,torney, capitalist and banker, adaughter of Mrs. Dempsey; Dan Linehan, tinner and furnace man; Mr.Harbold, druggist, formerly withClarke & Co., in Paris, whosedaughter is now a member of theParis High School faculty; TommieLetton is at Lothair with a largecoal mining company; Miss Henry,of Carlisle, is a nurse at the hospitaland a great many others who havebeen in or near Paris are here;Lewis Coleman, the big colored fellow who was formerly chef at theKid Stout Cafe, seems to be one ofthe leading plasterers of this section; Jesse Richardson, who used tobe Charlie Mitchell's man Friday inthe ice cream parlor, is in a similarplace with Mrs. Speed Hibler."Foremost of all is Mrs. L. C.Hibler, known to all in Hazard andfor miles around Hazard, as well toall the traveling men as 'Ma.' Sheis a moving spirit in Eastern Kentucky, and I dare say that a greatdeal of the success of this section is'due to the untiring efforts of 'Ma.'She opens up the town and closesup the town.- Kind-hearted, sympathetic, and last, but not least, loyaljto Hazard and Eastern Kentucky, apower in politics, ' her advice issought by National, State and localpoliticia'ns, and I am told that sheis seldom wrong as to her advice.She is a staunch Republican, andquite a few have come up this hollow on 'North Fork of KentuckyRiver' to advise and consult withher."Teddy Roosevelt, Jr., was entertained by her during his stay hereseveral years ago, and I am told'she did honor to this or any othersection in the elaborateness of herentertainment of the royal bloods ofthe Republican party She is themost energetic little being you eversaw, never still a moment, in herown business affairs asj well as thoseof Hazard. She operates the Hibler Hotel, Hibler apartments scattered all over the own, has a nicehome on Broadway, has just completed a concrete street and curbing,-and also operates the Hibler CoffeeShoppe, where service and bothAmerican and European bill of fareis at your disposal, and neatness;cleanliness and the, very best of allthat' the markets afford are at theguests' pleasure. No ,place servesbetter or more bouritifiilly. If Iwere to say who had any more atstake for the openjng up of EasternKentucky than 'Ma' Hibler, I wouldhave to say that she was 50-50 withthe balance. r"Charlie was here this week andleft for home last night. . Francesis stilLcasKier atvtfieT Hibler, ,GoffeeShoppV. Bill is signing and' decorating with IfcElhiney. Hope to be inarxtflyot. Give my lMwtMfe;gards to all friends.TOE BOURBON NEWS,PERSONALSMiss Roberta Adams, of Paris,is visiting friends and relatives inRichmond.Miss Ida Rankin, of Fergusonstreet, is visiting friends and ' relatives in Piqua, Ky.Farris Adams has returned tohis home in this city after a visitto friends in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed Tuckerare in "New York on a combined"business and pleasure trip.Mr. and Mrs. Johii H. Dotyhave returned from a visit Ao relatives and friends in Winchester.Miss Margaret Ferguson hasreturned to her home in Covington,after a visit to relatives and friendsin Paris.Nicholas Bohn has returned tobusiness duties in Louisville, after avisit to his family, on Cypress street,in this city.Albert Lavin, of- Philadelphia,is a guet of his parents, Mr. andMrs. M. J. Lavin, on Walker avenue, in this city.Miss Ray Winters has arrivedfrom Little Rock, Ark., to spend theremainder of the summer with Parisfriends and relatives.Miss Blanche Legg, of Montgomery, West Va., is a guest at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Trisler, on Eighth street.Mrs. Annabelle Wallace. Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Bacon and Miss ClaraBacon have returned from a sojournat Crab Orchard Springs.Mrs. Stanley Dickson and babehave returned to their home nearNorth Middletown, from the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington.Ed Lair, of C. J. Cook & Co., isspending his vacation at HazelGreen, where it is reported there isan unusually strong attraction forhim.Mr. and Mrs. Talbott Clay -wererecent guests of Mrs. Calla ThomasNichols. They will leave this weekfor Michigan to spend the remainder of the summer.John VanMeter Woodford, ofnear Paris, is a member of a houseparty being entertained by hisfriend and schoolmate, Henry Wen-iner, in Lima, Ohio.Mrs. John K. Smith, Mr. andMrs. Robert Smith, Mrs. MalcolmMcGlasson and son, Jack, of Dayton,Ky., motored to Paris and spentSunday as guest of relatives.Mrs. Joseph Varden underwenta serious surgical operation at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, recently, performed by Dr. Barrow.Mrs. Varden was reported yesterdayas doing very nicely.Miss Edith Burris, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Ray Burris. of LittleRock, who recently underwent anoperation for appendicitis as St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, isreported as improving.Joe B. Fightmaster, son of Mr.and Mrs. Cleary Fightmaster, ofSouth Main street, who was operated on recently at the Massie Memorial Hospital, is reported as being somewhat improved.Mrs. Sam F. Lusk, of Bartow,Fla., Mrs. Allen Burris and son, Eugene Burris, of New York, and KingCarpenter, of Danville, were weekend guests of Mr. and Mrs. Lunceford Talbott, at their home onTwelfth street, in this city.Miss Lucinda Paton, daughterof Mrs. Thomas Paton, of Paris, hasaccepted a position as stenographerat the University of Kentucky inLexington. Miss Paton is a graduate of the Paris High School and ofa Lexington business college.John T. Woodford, of nearParis, was one of the guests at a social entertainment given near Lexington by Miss Margaret FarraTroutman, in honor of members ofher house party and of members ofMiss Lucile Robb's house party.Misses Margaret and DorothyBullock entertained at luncheonFriday in honor of their guest, MissFlorence Cauffield, of Lousiville.The guests were: Misses FlorenceCaufield, Jessie Barrimore, HelenBeckman; Messrs. Terrell Dickey,Harvey Manning, F31mer Tharp, Robert Kiser, Buddy Kiser, all of Louisville. Miss Mary Ellis, who has beena guest of Miss Elizabeth Holman, inGlasgow, was the guest of , honor atseveral social functions given inthat city last week. One of thesewas a house party composed of former schoolmates of Miss Holman atHamilton College, in Lexington,Misses Dorothy Green, of Mayfield,Miss Helen Backer, of Lexington,and Miss Frances Tate, of Stanford,and Miss Ellis, of Paris. jMr. and Mrs.' S. C. Culbertsonentertained with a shower at theirhome in Winchester in honor oftheir, daughter, Mrs. Houston Jacobyand Mr. Jacoby ofParis. Mr. and1VIrs. Jacoby received a large number of gifts with wishes for a hapyfuture, About forty-five guests werepresent, among whom were Mr. andMrs. George Jacoby ,. Miss DorothyJacoby, of Hutchison, Ttfr. and Mrs.William Jacoby and Mr. and Mrs.William Kenney Thomas, of Pjaxis.(Other Personals on Page 5ADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPW hare In itock for the conrenSmm of usenToftmiiiBflaiftclMnWabig itock of paper rolla. ThtM rollsart made of tht beat bond paper amdaSaealelr freerei lint Youam buy from one to a oaae. Let vaPARIS, BJSNTUCK!-WAREHOUSE SECRETARY SUEDFOR SLANDERDirector of Warehouses Ralph M.Barker was notified Saturday thathe had been sued for $50,000 damages for slander in the Federal Courtat Charleston, W. :Va., by Grayson D.Thornton, West Virginia warehouseman, the suit being based on a declaration by Barker, in the presenceof Mr. Thornton, that certain statements made by the warehousemanwere untrue.It is said that Mr. Thorntonclaimed he had letters from the Burley Association offering to buy hiswarehouses and that Director Barker branded any such statementwith the shorter and uglier word.Mr. Barker declined to discuss thematter.President and General ManagerJames C. Stone, of the association,received a telegram informing himthat the Connecticut Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association hadsucceeded in signing up 80 per cent,of the acreage grown in that State.The telegram came from J. W. Alsop, manager of the campaign.General Counsel Aaron Sapiro willbe in Lexington, August 27, to lookafter some legal matters for the association. ENGLISHMAN KEEPS YOUNGREADING PAPERSRetired member of the Britishbar, Sir Henry Poland, hale, heartyand still interested in life at the ageof 94, attributes his longevity andmental vigor largely to having always been a great newspaperreader.He is very fond of taking longwalks about London to enjoy thebeauties of the city, and recentlyhe has chafed at the rains whichhave kept him indoors. "Still, onecan obtain excitement enough tokeep young just by reading thenewspapers," he says, "for we livein stirring times."oTalk isn't cheap when you aretalking back to a cop.oYou hear of the flapper slouch,but the flapper is no slouch.i 4ASLH?Buick Sixes'Three Pass. RoadsterFive Pass. Touring -ThreePass. Coupe -FivePass. SedanFour Pass. Coupe -SevenPass. TouringSeven Pass. Sedan -, Buick FoursuTwo Pass. Roadster -FivePass. Touring -ThreePass. Coupe -FivePass. Sedan- $---:1'i ijHHHIrNhII lie II YlaKCijNj,'TAoc hawk m Rffa itiHTilMmI t LP i "1'jrm " :i ' i;All Prices F: O. B. Flint, MichiganAsk about the G. M. A. C. PurchasePlan which provides for Deferred t .Payments ' 1 j,ilI!S.tt.i 'i r iI rWHEN BTim AUTOMOBILES. ARE BIJDX , fiUICKFtATHE LOAN. UNLESS AND- $tf.4t per year onI-I NQtCOMMISMONSR-A air fannfMwtf r.TSetcSiFibtfTimnmmit ftBeaeeit Bank.FMiddlem JkT.TTTOT73R!sr-i-T-V-3-Mhkl 4IW1Enfls Your liver TroublesMakes life Worth livingFor Sale ByBrooks & Snapp Drug: Company,(till Sept. 12)Four-Footed Bird. ,The hoactzin is a bird with fourfeet which was discovered along theAmazon river in South America. Twoof its feet serve as hands and theyoung birds are able to climb aboutwith remarkable agility.rLOUISVILLE &' NASHVILLE RAILROADANNOUNCES ROUND TRIPEXCURSION FARE$1.62 PARIS, KY., TOEWING, KY.ACCOUNTFLEMING COUNTY FAIRTickets on sale August 16th to 19th inclusive. Ticketsgood for return to reach Paris, Ky., before midnightAugust 21st. IJor further or detailed information, applyto local ticket agent.Try Lis With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAny TimePRINTINGTHE NEWS JOBjDlaBuick Service is Rarely Needed;But Alw.ays AvailableBuick prides itself upon the factthat Buick owners have the uninterrupted use of their cars to anunusual degree.This is due first to Buick qualityand next because of Buick's nationwide authorized service. Go whereyou will, you will find this service.Whenever you see the Buickauthorized service sign, yon willknow that you Gan get the genuineBuick psfcrt that you need thatyour work will be done by Buicktrained mechanics and that youJ i1 'ii i.1365 ,1395 .188521652G75 '15852375 '89?9351295 '1395 'will be on your way again in the ' &shortest possible time. -itMAM;' 'GARAGEFoiirtli and Pleasant , StreetsTHAT NEVER COMES DUEUNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT5each Sl.fM of loan pays botW prlidpfand'iatereetlittil iKeBtackyJoi0t6ckLdBkPAGS'THtn872 Cumberland379 Home .Are the numbers to call whenrin need ofFfcUITS,VEGETABLES;Staple and Fancy '(GROCERIES ;Prices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your trade fappreciated.t-v T-TAUL & STONEAll WorkDeliveredOn TimeDEPARTMENTiii t -rwh(C-tt-O)mWILL .BUILD THEMf r- L IO IfN I!yIUHJ's-It1$yvI:"VMITI QHMT1-iw' Wr t-t- i ttnm mvMrtliiMM41etw.AtiHt i a.rgJJJtfl. My. TntORKmrTl "WAi2SSStSSSaTu-,5 4S?f' Iy!J v -vTHE BOURBON NEtf& PlKlS, KENTUCKY"TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 192frrAGE FOURBASE BALLREAL ESTATE DEALSREUGSOUSJLJsume of Events In EeligiouaCircles For Present andFuture' (The ministers of the churchesin Paris and the county are requested to send THE NEWS by noon onThursday of each week their churchnotices for publication in Friday's!NEWS. It is the earnest desire ofTHE NEWS to publish the announcements of the city and countychurches, and the co-operation ofthe pastors is urged. We want tomake our religious column completeand up-to-date.) Ed.The regular business meetingof the Christian Church MissionBand was held in the church parlorsSaturday afternoon at three o'clockwith a good attendance. A socialhour followed the conclusion of the"business meeting.Rev. and Mrs. Arthur Fox willleave to-day for a two-weeks' vacation. Rev. B. S. Ding, of China,will fill the pulpit at the Baptistchurch on next Sunday, August 20.This will be a rare treat to hear anative missionary from the ChineseEmpire. Rev. Elmer Weldon will beMATRIMONIALA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByADD MATThe following announcementshave been issued:Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stiversannounce the marriage of theirdaughterEdith HursttoMr. Anderson D. Owenson Wednesday, the ninth of AugustOne thousand nine hundred andtwenty-twoParis, KentuckyAt Homeafter September fifteenthSpringfield, Kentucky.HARP COLLINSThe marriage of Miss Lucille E.Harp, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. RoyH. Harp, and Mr. Thomas T. Collins, son of Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeCollins, all of Paris, was solemnized at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. T. C. Ecton, pastorof the Calvary Baptist church, inLexington.The bride, a former resident ofTpvinertnn. wore an attractive erownin the pulpit on Sunday, August 27. of royal e crepe de chine. SheThe Rev. Mr. Rainey will occu- was accompanied by her parents,up the pulpit at Hopewell church and Mrs Thomas Sadler and Mrs.next Sunday afternoon at 4:30 Percy smith, all of Paris.After a short bridal trip Mr. andMrs. Collins returned to Paris,where they are "at home" to theirfriends at the home of the bride'sparents, on Stoner Avenue.o'clock. Dr. Bush will return in!September and preach the "secondand fourth Sundays of each month.Sunday School at 3:30 p. m. everySunday.Y. M. C. A. NOTESSecretary Harrison of the local Y.M. C. A. is in receipt of the program for the Christian Workers Vacation Conference to be held atCamp Daniel Boone. August 16-23.The conference will open Wednesdayevening, August 16, with an addressby Prof. H. JS. Taylor, of Berea College, entitled "Three Blind Mice."Dr. John R. Sampey, of Louisville,will speak Thursday morning. Theafternoons will be devoted to swimming, baseball, tennis, hiking, boating, etc. Pres. J. C. Acheson, ofDanville, and President Hutchins,of Berea, are among the other leaders. Certificates entitling the hold-SATURDAY'S RESULTSParis, 3; Mt. Sterling 5.Cynthiana, 4; Winchester," 1.Lexmgton-Maysville (rain.)SUNDAY'S RESULTSParis, 7; Mt. Sterling, 3.Winchester, 6; Lexington, 1.Maysville, 10; Cynthiana, 8.THURSDAY'S SCHEDULEParis at Cynthiana.Winchester at Maysville.Lexington at Mt. Sterling.CLUB STANDINGWon LostPARIS 10Cynthiana . . . . ... 9Lexington . . . . ... 8Maysville 8Mt. Sterling . . . . 7Winchester 46667912Pet..625.600.571.533.438.250CROWE WALLERA social event of much interestto Paris and Bourbon county peoplein which one of the principals is aBourbon county boy, will take placein Washington, D. C, to-morrowevening, at 7:30 o'clock, when thenuptials of Mr. James WilliamWaller, formerly of Paris, and MissThelma Crowe, of Washington, willbe celebrated. The marriage ceremany will take place in St. John'sEpiscopal church. Mr. Hugh Ferguson, of Paris, will be best man. After a wedding trip through the Eastthe young couple will return toWashington, and will be at home after October first, at NorthbrookPOLICEMAN REBUKES LITTLESHIRLEY MASONer to purchase railroad tickets at .Courts, 3426 Sixteenth street, Washhalf fare may be secured at the Y. ington.M. C. A. oflice. , Mr. Waller is the son of the lateMr. and Mrs. J. W. Waller, hismother, Mrs. Margaret FergusonWaller, having married Dr. W. C.Ussery, of Paris. He is related toseveral of the most prominent families on Bourbon county. His bride-to-beis a ward of Mr. TheodoreArtaud, of Washington, and a youngwoman of charming personality andgraces of character. The weddingceremony will be witnessed by alarge number of the groom's relatives from Central Kentucky."Don't you know that little girlsare not allowed on the street atthis hour?" a policeman askedShirley Mason, the William Foxstar, as she wended her way homerather late at night.Miss Mason looked at the officerwith a bewitching smile and queried, "Suppose the little girl happens to be grown up?"The officer came closer and foundne was in truth addressing a petitegrown-up and not a little girl.Good-naturedly, he replied: "Youare a little girl, just the same; andso that no harm will come to you,I am going to see you to the end ofthis dark street."Miss Mason took note of his number and wrote a letter to the policecommissioner, recommending theofficer for his extreme politeness.Instead of receiving promotion,however, the bluecoat received onlythe friendly but caustic comments ofhis colleagues.Miss Mason, by the way, is to beseen at the Alamo Theatre and theParis Grand Tuesday afternoon andevening, in her new picture,"Queenie."NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnCHAUTAUQUA "BESTER CLASS"The C. L. S. C. class of 1926,known as the "Bester Class," wasrecently organized at Chautaqua,New York. Among the officers elected was Mrs. Robt. C. Talbott, ofParis, who was chosen as fourth vicepresident. The course of study asplanned for the coming year, willbe a class in English.H"THE BANK OF SERVICE"No Manlives to himself alone,institution.f t""1rNeither does anYour success is our success. The prosperityof the bank but reflects the prosperity ofthis community.Real growth is the result of the spirit ofco-operation and HELPFULNESS.We invite you to use this bank as you woulda strong and resourceful friend.We can be a real factor in your financialgrowth.You will find it helpful to bank here. -yBourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.: Paris, - - Kentuckyv CAPITAL $2t,H.H. - tUMKUS AND UNDIVIDED, PROFITSTIn Thursday's game between Parisand Maysville on the local grounds"Blakefield got the better of Minerin a pitcher's duel, Paris winningthe game 3 to 2, and taking thelead in -the race. Miner struck outeleven men, but did not succeed inkeeping hits as well scattered as did"Blakefield, and was not quite as effective with men on bases. Woods,of the Paris team, was the hittingstar of the game, getting three outof three. Wunker made a brilliantbarehanded catch in the first inning.Both teams played fast ball. Oneof the largest crowds of the seasonwitnessed the game. Both teamsplayed errorless ball. The batteries were: For Paris Blakefieldand Macke; for Maysville Minerand Connolly. Goodman umpired.Winchester defeated Paris Fridayin an exhibition game played onthe Winchester grounds, the scorebeing 5 to 4. Winchester used threepitchers in downing the Mammoths,holding Paris to three hits. Errorsweie plentiful, Winchester beine:officially credited with eight andParis three. Nippert, of the Paristeam, stole home in the eighth inning. The batteries were: ForParis: Parsons and Brockman; forWinchester Moss, Nelson. Lowry,Thoss and Gans. Goodman umpired. The game between Mt. Sterlingand Paris at Mt. Sterling Saturdayresulted in a victory for the Essexteam, Paris losing by the score of 5to 3. The game was featured by erratic playing of Mt. Sterling, andsuperb pitching of their Indiantwirler, Neyrey. Paris used twelveplayers in an effort to change theverdict, but to no avail, only fourhits being registered off of Neyrey'sdelivery. The playing of Lackeyand Wilbers for Mt. Sterling andthe fielding of Monahon and thehitting of Wunker, for Paris, werealso features . On one occasionManahan saved two runs by a spectacular one-handed catch. The batteries were: For Paris Blakefield,Hurst, Wills and Macke; for Mt.Sterling Neyrey and Monk. Wallsumpired.Over twelve hundred interestedspectators at League Park Sundayafternoon saw the Mammoths administer a defeat to the Mt. Sterlingteam by the score of 7 to 3, and slipup again to the lead in the BlueGrass League race. The game wasfull of thrills and trills from beginning to finish, and clearly demonstrated what kind of ball the Paristeam can play with good teamwork.Townsend and Harrison, crack members of the Mt. Sterling pitchingstaff, were batted hard and at opportune moments, and the good support of the Paris infield and outfield.helped Wills very matrially in winning the game. Wills pitched a superb game, holding the Essex teami;uieit;ss uxnn me nmm inning,when they ran in three runs. Macke,'Paris catcher, put one over the farfield fence, and scored a home run.Fielding features of the game wererunning catches by Woods, Blakeand Cicona, while slugging with thebat by outfielder Cicona, of theParis team, and catcher Monk of Mt.Sterling, featured in the batting column. Despite the intense heat thebig crowd centered their attentionon the game, and watched each playwith great interest. The batterieswere: For Paris Wills and Macke;for Mt. Sterling Harrison, Townsend and Monk. Time of game, onenour ana hfty-nve minutes. Wells"umpired.Mr. and Mrs. Ussery Taul purchased yesterday a lot 48x148 feetin White's Addition, from E. T.Sheeler, on which they plan to erectat once a modern bungalow.Matt H. Bedford, Jr., of Paris,transferred to Mrs. Mary F. Taylor,in the Fayette County Clerk's officeat Lexington two tracts of land, oneof 147.99 acres on the Hume andBedford pike, in Bourbon county,the other, 105.66 acres, in Fayettecounty, for $18,000.Mrs. James M. Arnold, of Covington, sister of T. Hart Talbott andWm. G. Talbott, ,of Paris, has purchased of Mr. and Mrs. John F.Davis, a nice building lot on Ssottavenue, adjoining the home of Mr.and Mrs. Lee Price. Mrs. Arnoldis planning to erect a modern residence on the lot. The price paidfor the property was not made public. Mrs. Arnold has rented thefurnished home of Mrs. C. O. Hinton,which she will occupy until her newhome is completed.Henry Sledd, of Paris, has formed a partnership with H. B. Bryson,well-known Carlisle realtor and thenew firm operating as Bryson &Sledd, will do a general real estatebusiness in Bourbon, Nicholas andother Bluegrass counties.3AVES MIL E S OFS T E I SSPECIAL DOLLAR DAY SATURDAY, AUGUST 19.We will have another of our famous dollar day sales on next Saturday, August 19. Wait for it. Readadvertisement in Friday's NEWS.PARIS BAKING CO.,I. L. GLASS, Manager.THE FAIRFOR PREDAY AND SATURDAY4-qt. Cooking Kettles, in blue andwhite, with enamelled covers, only39c, larger sizes at 49c, still largerat 59c.Real China Salad Bowls, beautifully decdrated, handsome goods, allsizes, all at bargain prices seethem on display Friday and Saturday. A large line of Flower Pots;all sizes Stone Jars, Nickel PlatedCopper Tea Kettle, 79-qt size at$1.59; No. 7 Polished Iron Griddles,37c.THE FAIRSPECIAL SALE$44.00That is all the money you need to put into yourkitchen the most popular household labor-savingdevice in America.Two million women approve the HOOSIERjjbecause of its splendid construction its simple, natural arrangement its extra capacity its manyexclusive features and its ability to save steps andmake kitchen work easy. Bring in a dollar and letus send the HOOSIERj to your home.A. F. Wheeler & Co.CHAS GREENE, Mgr.mil &&WALSH'S"THE STORE OF GOOD VALUES"The Clifton playground baseballteam of Lexington, defeated theParis playground team in a gameplayed on the Lexington groundsWednesday by a score of 17 to 3.This is the second time the teamshave met, Clifton winning the othergam,e, played on the Paris grounds.The Paris team lined up as follows:Mann, rf; Strother, ss; McMahan,3b; Wharton, p; Reese, lb; Myers,2b; Maybrier, If; Jackson, cf; Parsons, "c.The Christians defeated the Presterians, in the Church League gameon Hancock Field, Friday afternoon,by a score of 14 to 4. The nextgame in the series will be playedthis "afternoon at 3:30 o'clock between the Baptists and Christians.oTEA TOE ICED TEASummer Suitsat Special PricesOur entire stock of select fabricsin Summer Suits are offered in thisspecial sale. Let us help you solve theproblem of keeping cool this hot weather.Straw Hatsat Half PriceThis embraces all our Straw Hats inthe season's latest styles and weaves.We are also offering our Panamas,Leghorns and Bangkoks at specialprices.Silk ShirtsNew patterns in Crepes, Jerseys andTub Silks are to be found here in our SilkShirts. And they are most reasonablypriced$5.00 to $7.50NeckwearGrenadines and Knits are the popularties this season, and we have them inany color or combination you maywant50c to $1.50Belts50c to $1.50. Hosiery15c to S1.00Pajamas and Night Robes$ioo to $3.00CapsN $1 .OO to $3,00Union SuitsSOc to $1.25Suit Cases and Bags$2.00 to $25.00S -R. P. WALSH7th and Mainiin t" - '. TtOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.wMIIII r I v, Horn PHocie 44S . vMvAOTWVwV! , I&ou'buy Ferial Cfttat"ilCumb. Phone MM?V&$$-$awuiporm lew, you fit'tni mm. "-. ' , C,P. COOK ft CO.wmammmmmmm?- r - sr v r ,-skiw..i.i- ',"MHBHMHHHBMHMkaMHiHH''t- v :-.f- - '. " -i-',;.- -. .L- - . ? .vv v,T --;. vi. v CLI'' :..- v ' ; kmtffc fc ' ' I -s "r TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1922.j ""' v. THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGK nvxCd&jr0Mfar4PERSONALSrAGIFTS THAT LAST"!BEPAIES FOE JAILComings and Goings of Some TonEnow and Othen YonDonl.Miss Laura Williams, of Mt.The steel cells and other repairs Sterling, is visiting friends in thisfor the Bourbon county jail, ordered city.some time ago by a committee of the ! Mr. and Mrs. Shy Owsley, ofBourbon Fiscal Court, have arrived Robertson county, are guests ofThe work of placing the new cells! Paris relatives.in position will be started at once, J Mrs. Robert J. Neely has returnin order to make the county bastile fed from an extended stay at Chau-a safe place in which to place prisoners.AKEESTED IN PAEISSheriff Devore, of Mason county,was in Paris Saturday, to take backto Maysville, a man named Fenney,wanted on a charge of child desertion. Fenneny was located nearParis and placed under arrest by thelocal authorities.oCLASS IN PIANO!Miss Elizabeth Crutcher will openher class in piano at the Paris HighSchool, on Wednesday, September 6.Miss Crutcher has proven by hersuccess in the past, the soundness ofher teaching methods and her ability as an instructor.oATTEND THE BURLEY SALEDon't forget the rent property tohe sold Wednesday, August 16, at2 p. m.HARRIS. SPEAKES & HARRIS.(S-ll-15)o$$$ SPECIAL DOLLAR DAY $$$WATCH THIS PAPER TORLARGE DISPLAY AD. OF OTJRSPECIAL DOLLAR DAY SALE TOBE HELD ON SATURDAY, AUGUST16. SURE ENOUGH DOLLAR BARGAINS. PARIS BAKING CO.,I. L. GLASS, MANAGER.PICTURE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, August 15 Shirley Mason, in "Queenie;" Mutt andJeff Comedy, "Galley Slave;" SidSmith Comedy, "Taking Chances."To-morrow, Wednesday, August16 Rudolph Valentino, in "Uncharted Seas;" Pathe News; ChristieComedy, "Scrappily Married."Thursday, August 17 Ethel Clayton, in "The Cradle;" Snub PollardComedy, "Strictly Modern;" last episode of serial, "Go-Get-'Em-Hutch."iHAVE NARROW ESCAPEA Chevrolet sedan belonginng toMrs. E. F. Clay, Jr., of near Paris,occupied by her step-son, CareyClay, and son, Ezekiel Clay, collidedhead-on with a two-horse wagon onthe Peacock pike, near Paris. Thefront of the car was badly damaged,the pole of the wagon crashingthrough the windshield, narrowlymissing the head of the young mandriving the car. None of the occupants was injured, beyond a fewslight cuts from flying fragments ofthe broken windshield.BUSINESS CHANGESFred Weckesser, who has. beenoperating the Reo Comfort Bus Linein this city for several months, hassold the business and good will toRobert Nixon, who has been in hisemploy during that time. Mr. Nixonwill conduct the business in the future. Mr. and Mrs. Weckesser willmove to Lexington, where Mr. Weckesser will take a position as stewardat the Phoenix Hotel. He has hada large experience in this line, andwill make a valuable man for thehotel people.oICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St."OVER THE HELL" MONDAY ANDTUESDAYThe Fox photoplay, "Over theHill," which was made from WillCarlton's celebrated "Farm Ballads"and has enjoyed such a marveloussuccess wherever presented backedby an initial- run of a full year onBroadway will be seen at the Alamo Theatre and the Paris Grand,Monday and Tuesday, August 21 and22, afternoon and evening.William, Fox, the noted pictureproducer, regards "Over the Hill' ashis favorite over all the pictures heever produced. At the time when itwas ready for its initial screening,and before its sensational Broadwaysuccess had started, Mr. Fox issuedthe following interesting statement:"I have watched the developmentof 'Over the Hill' from the momentthe first scene was written. I havewatched it thoroughly the months ithas been in course of production. Itrepresents a Labor of Love. In ,it Itake, a pride which, has mever beenexceeded or evea st sU&-ift allthe years Fox Film Corporation bagtauqua, New York.Mr. and Mrs. John Roberts, ofMt. Sterling, were guests of friendsin this city yesterday.Miss Cornlia Stone spent theweek-end in Versailles as guests ofher sister, Miss Hadley Stone.J. T. Judy, Jr., son of Mr. andMrs. Watson Judy, is confined to hishome with an abcess on his knee.Mrs. George W. Wilder is recovering from a three-weeks illness at her home on Cypress street.Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathers andDouglass Clay are at Park Lake, inFleming county, for a two-weeksstay.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell willleave Saturday for a business andpleasure trip to New York and otherpoints in the East.Mrs. Fred Hill and ClarenceHill, of Paris, and Mrs. L. P. Drury,of Lexington, have returned from ashort visit at Crab Orchard Springs.Dr. and Mrs. H. E. Foster leftyesterday for a. vacation trip toOwenton, where they will be guestsof relatives and friends for severaldays.Miss Marie Taylor, of St. Louis,Mo., is a guest at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Taylor, on the Georgetown pike, nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. Preston Brownhave returned to their home in Versailles after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Duncan Bell, at their home on Highstreet.George J. Ruggles, of Los Angeles, Cail., is a guest of his son, R.C. Ruggles, and Mrs. Ruggles, inthis' city.Miss Hazel Brewsaugh hastaken a position as pianist at theMiwogco Mineral Springs, near Milan, Indiana.Mrs. W. Hoffman Wood, of Mt.Sterling, formerly of Paris, has beenat the bedside of her sister, MissHettie Whaley, of Paris, who is veryill at the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington. ,Miss Mabel Templin, of Paris,and Misses Beatrice Carr, of Asheville, N. C, and Lucy Hunter, ofWinchester, were recent guests ofMr. and Mrs. William Wolcott, attheir summer cottage at BoonesboroBeach. .Mr. and Mrs. Percy Henry andson, Percy Henry, Jr., of Louisville,spent Saturday and Sunday in Parisas guests of friends and relatives.They were en route to Louisville after an extended visit in the East.Mrs. Henry was formerly Miss MayNippert, of Louisville.Judge Denis Dundon and Attorney Robert C. Talbott attendedthe meeting of attorneys held inLexington, for purpose of protestingagainst the formation of a new Federal Court district in Kentucky.Both were made members of theDistrict Committee.Wallace W. Mitchell, E. M.Dickson, Oscar T. Hinton and HarryB. Clay returned Sunday from atwo-weeks' fishing and camping tripon Little Current, in Canada. Theyreport having had a fine time incamp, with good fishing and otherthings.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Spears,Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Spears, Mr. andMrs. Joe Davis, Jr., of Paris, and Mr.and Mrs. Hugh Campbell, of Lexington, left Sunday overland in automobiles for a three-weeks' stay atPine Grove, Conn., where they willoccupy the summer cottage of Mr.and Mrs. Catesby Spears.Mrs. Woodford Spears entertained at her home on Stoner avenuewith a family dining in honor of heraunt, Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, of Glendale, Cali., who is a guest of relatives and friends in Paris and thecounty. Guests included in the hospitality were the nieces and nephews of the guest of honor.Capt. Emerson Galloway andMrs. Galloway, of Ft. Sill, Okla.,are guests at the home of the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. GrantGalloway, on the Ford's Mill pike,near Paris. Capt. Galloway, who isin the aviation service, is beingtransferred from Ft. Sill to Baltimore, Md., and is making the tripoverland in his auto.Miss Lorine Butler entertainedwith dinner-bridge at her home onVine street, in this city, Thursdaynight. Among the guests were Dr.and Mrs. John D. Allen, and PeterPowell, of Lexington, and Col. Chas.Morrow, of Frankfort. In the bridgegame that followed the dinner themen's prize for high score, a cigarette holder, was presented to Mr.Allen, and the women's prize, abook, was awarded to Mrs. CatherineDavis Craig.Among those who attended thesessions of the Standard Teachers'Training School, at Winchester lastweek were the following from Paris:Rev. and Mrs. C. H. . Greer, anddaughters, Misses Elizabeth andFrances Greer, "Prof . J. Ed. Ford,Mioses Mollie Ford, Mercie Parks,Rttth Wheeler, Rath Woodward, Dr.'ad Mrs. S. P. Mohmey, Mrs. O. B.F. McClanahan, Mrs. Henry A.Power, Dennis V. Snapp.-r-Mrs. Mayme Parker has returned from a business trip to New York.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Elder, ofRichmond, were guests of friendsand relatives in Parts, Sunday and.yesterday.Dr. and Mrs. F. P. Campbell entertain to-night with a dance inhonor of their daughter, Miss MaryFrances Campbell.Mrs. Louis Wollstein and son,Sello, are in Ashland, where theywere called the past week by the illness of Albert Yungkau, brother ofMrs. Wollstein.Miss Evelyn Weathers, of Muskogee. Okla.. daughter of the late"Jack Weathers, of Bourbon county,is a guest of Mrs. Mary WeathersHaley, in Clintonville.Mr. and Mrs. Withers Davis hadas guests at their home on Pleasantstreet Saturday and Sunday, W. W.Alexander and son, W. W. Alexander, Jr., of Wyoming, O.Misses Hallie and GladysVaughn have returned to theirhome in New Smyrna, Florida, aftera visit to their cousin, Mrs. GeorgeWilder, on Cypress street.Miss Maude Asbury, member ofthe Paris High School faculty, isspending a week with a KappaKappa fraternity camping party atCheery Lodge, on the Kentuckyriver.Mr. and Mrs. Charles N. Fithianand their guest, John T. McClintock,Mrs. Fithian's brother, have gone toHuntington, West Va., for a visit torelatives. They will be absent abouttwo weeks.Miss Mary Petree, in companywith Mrs. Shelby Harp and Mr.Robert Harp, left yesterday for anauto trip to Dayton, Ohio, where shewill be guest for two weeks of MissMary Cosmer.Miss Jessie L. Rose, office secretary of the local Y. M. C. A., is ona vacation, and with her mother,Mrs. Mary K. Rose, is having apleasant visit with friends and relatives in Harrison county.Dr. Martha Petree has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Dayton, Ohio. She willleave on August 25 for Kirksville,Mo., where she will take a specialcourse of study in diagnosis.Edward Fithian, son of Mr. andMrs. Charles N. Fithian, of Paris,has accepted a position, with the E.L. March Furniture Company, inLexington, and will assume the duties of the place about September 1.Dr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, attended the outing of the Blue GrassDental Society given on the Kentucy river, near Frankfort, last week.Dancing, bathing, boating, games anda bountiful lunch comprised pleasant features of the outing.Mrs. Wm. H. Hall, of Staunton, Va., is' a guest of the MissesWhaley, on Cypress street, andother friends in this city. Mrs. Hallwas formerly Miss Bettie Hall, ofParis. Mrs. Hall also visited hermother, Mrs. W. L. Hall, in Carlisle.Miss Anne Rutherford Duncan,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. A.Duncan, of Paris, has accepted a position as teacher of music in theSharpsburg Public School, where shewill begin about Spetember first.Miss Duncan is an accomplished musician, and a graduate of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music.Mrs. Virgil Chapman, Jr., ofParis, attended the mid-summerluncheon given at the Clover LeafInn, Lexington, Saturday, by theadumnae of the Chi Omega Fraternity. The tables were decoratedwith summer flowers and beautifulwith the clover leaf appointments.Thirty guests partook of the evening's hospitality.(Other Personals on Page 3)FOR RENTNice house of four rooms, on Winchester street. Has every convenience. Call Cumberland phone 198.CORN FOR SALE.50 barrels of good picked ear'corn stored in Paris.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(15-2t)LOST DOGVery large white setter dog withyellow spots. Wore collar withname of J. S. Wilson, also name of"Mac" on it. Was last seen on Monday evening. Finder return to J.S. Wilson and receive reward.- (15 It)Lest You ForgetWe MentionWhen out shopping we have extra values at extra low prices, onLadies and Misses' ' Suits, Coats,Skirts, Sweaters, Blouses, Dresses,Millinery and Oxfords and StrapSlippers, Dry Goods, Silks, Etc.,Corsets, Hosiery, Underwear, Etc.Remember to Call at the StoreThat Saves You Money.Twin Bros. Dept. StoreCHASS. GOLMTINE ,'.; Crsr ratli sad MainStrMttt .y ' V- paw, XT. ' - -'I L ftYOU STILL HAVE TIMETo Share in Our Bargain FeastBut don't wait too long, because such good ThingsCan't Last Forever.One Lot Men's SummerSuitsAt Less Than Half PriceS6.85-S8.85-S9.85One Lot of Men's SuitsThat Can Be Worn Any TimeS16.75Values to 135.00Florsheim Oxfords$8.85Every pair of Oxfords and Shoes hasbeen reduced for final clearance.Athletic Union Suits50cSizes 34 to 56Men's Work Shirts75cWhite and Tan ShirtsWith Button-Down Collar95cBoys' Suits, Shoes and Furnishingsradically reduced. A mighty goodtime to prepare for school days.The above represents just a few of what we offer you.Only a visit here will reveal how great your savings are.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and Savei-jnYou, housekeepers, Jmow that manybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish oflitocratBed Springs-vsuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dust and lint.And such sleeping: comfort! You!just naturally relax and drop ofijinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A nw shipment of thssprings has just rachd usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.Oopjrfahud Shannon Bed Spring Co., lac, Lonlarffle. Ky.V77LWe also call your attention to thebest spring madefZjie 97fastercraft"Either of these springs sent on30 days trialTHE J. T. HINTON CO.r' ' - VwEITHERMfOME 3CPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAIMMotor Har Motor InvaM Ctanh Umimrtttimtv j3 ' i .....lVt je. ..,. .wRrv,iKfc?u 1WzJ. rJBsLpeea Ibsm teg yktbumr r r . ,iBMUHpSBflHHHBwmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmvVSi v. - "r a - ' . i , i - '-1' "HW.ipzft f-A.Ski ..- V . -TV..VVVC?1.' l ,:?-. -J F.rJvX- -, - s K ' ' & " ' '-'"'-: .PAGE SIXl i ' J4J.m" J 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY1PPI ' TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 12 1Zk'''MUASPIRINV Say "Bayer" and Insist!Unless you see the name "Bayer"on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-two years and proved safo bymillions forColds HeadacheToothache Lumbago1 Earache Rheumatismr Neuralgia Pain, Pain.Accept only "Bayer" packagewhich contains proper directions.Handy boxes of twelve tablets costlew cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)oSAYS EXTERMNATOB IS DONERACINGExterminator is through.The famous old "iron horse" ofthe running track has run his lastxace.This followed his disappointingshowing at the Saratoga handicapwhen he ran last in the field. v"I probably will not ask him tocompete again," says his owner, "W.S. Kilmer. He's done all and morethan can be expected of any horse."Exterminator has the remarkablerecord of winning 43 times out of83 starts.There is only one horse in the history of the American ring with morewins than Exterminator. His last"victory, the Brooklyn handicap, setlis winnings above the 215,000mark.Man o' War showed a winning of$240,000.THE PBESBYTEBIAN EDUCATIONAL CAMPAIGNAnnouncement was made at a recent conference of workers in thePresbyterian movement for Christian education that the success of thecampaign meant that Centre Collegewould receive an additional $200,000from the General Educational Board,of New York, making a total of$500,000 for. the institution, inasmuch as the college will receive$300,000 from the Presbyterianfund. As a result, letters have beenreceived at the Louisville office fromgraduates and former students ofCentre, asking that they be allowedto help in the campaign. To such,literature and facts about the movement are being mailed, and it is expected that organizations will beperfected in practically every countyin the State to assist in7 the work.The first of the city campaignsopened at Jackson this week, although the actual canvass will notbe held until August 24-31. At thispoint Lees Collegiate Institute is located and for that reason the intensive city campaign plan will be used.This will be under the supervisionof S. P. Hollinrake and Paul Harris,Jr., of the city and field sections.Following the Jackson campaignheadquarters will be opened up inParis, where the actual canvas willbe held September 8-14.NEEDFUL KNOWLEDGEParis People Should learn to Detect the Approach of Kid-. ney DiseaseUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we" are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,The symptoms of kidney troubleare many. Disordered kidneys oftenexcrete a thick, cloudy, offensiveurine, full of sediment irregular ofpassage or attended by a sensationof scalding. The back may ache,headaches and dizzy spells may occur and the victim is often weighteddown by a feeling of languor andfatigue. Neglect these warnings andthere is danger. Delay often provesI fatal.You can use riS better endorsedkidney remedy than Doan's KidneyPills. Here's Paris proof of theirmerit.Joe Kiely, proprietor shoe repairshop, Eighth street, says: "Doan'sKidney Pills did me a world ofgood and I take pleasure in recommending them to anyone sufferingfrom kidney complaint and my backached most of the time. My kidneys were weak and the secretionswere highly colored and containedsediment. I lost my sleep at nightas there was no let up to the pain inmy back. I got four boxes ofDoan's Kidney Pills at Ardery'sDrug Store and used them. Theyrid me . of the trouble entirely."Price 60cr at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Kiely had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo. N. Y.o 'HOBOES WOEK STRIKES FORFREE RIDESThe Guest.At a London dinner party was anunconventional young fellow, freshfrom an out-of-the-way village in America. His hostess, who knew his brother well, tried to make him feel athome. "I hope," she said, as they satin the drawing room, "I do so hopethis room isn't too cold for you.""Lordy," he answered, "I might havebeen in h 11 for 37 years for all theicicles there are on me." London Answers.ftsWomen Use Long DistanceMany women who utilize the telephone inthe home so efficiently for housekeepingand local social matters do not realizethat it has the samelong distance reachas the Bell telephone in the business office.Friends and relatives in distant cities canbe reached quickly at small cost by longdistance telephone after 8:30 o'clock atnight. 'The station to station service saves youfrom 20 to 75 per cent on your calls.Ask Long Distance for rates and try this-service.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE ,!AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated.)Everybody may not be happy asthe result of the rail strike, but according to Dr. Ben L. Reitman, vicepresident of the Hobo College forthe migratory workers, it has proven a season of bliss. Rail officials,however, say that hobo labor wouldcomprise a small portion only of thenew men.The migratory workers, accordingto Dr. Reitman, have evolved a system for beating the railroads. Theysign up to work in shops at somedistant point. The railroads transport them in Pullman cars, whiletheir meals, are furnished in diningcars. Arriving at this destination,the hobo works a day or two, orjumps the job and shortly is signedup with another road to work atsome distant point..In this way they keep travelingwith only an occasional day or twoof work to interrupt an otherwiseperfect "see America first" tour.Officials of the Burlington Routesay from 90 to 95 per cent, of theirnew employes have stuck, that theiremployment methods now make itvirtually impossible for a nimosterto get by. Others say but fewhoboes have gotten past the employment agencies.RESTOBATIONWhen friends betray, and lovegrows sour,When men and women fail,Peace comes within the hermit'sbower;The world of books I hail.And when the printed page turnscold,When soul departs from words;My' comrades rise in field and fold,'Mid animals and birds.But when dark memory my spirittries,t And opens wide my scars;I lift mine eyes beyond the skies,InNmion with the stars.Story of Our Flag.F!rom 1776 to 1783 our flag had 13stars. In 1812 it bore 15, in the Mexican war 29, in the Civil war 34, in theSpanish war 45 and at the presenttime 48. -PSTONE BURIAL VAULTS. f ' 1 .'.. .'4 ..-' ,- . .'I-"e J"S JaultS " Na.tu?$ - TO081- No st n decayfisgKaM. .h-- " -J -?! T'"fc, -er"-- VJW - r-rtAJjtli'. .,k8-.w. -1 i . . " - "L " ' & -maatMmBmsssm&mJ I PARtt CE(jj0gpjpggjgjgjgjjiilU. S, EXPLAINS:'$IOSf'This Sum will Provide for Evening Gowns and BusinessFrocks, Says Bureau.TELLS HOW EASY IT ALL ISSeries of Pamphlets Issued by Department of Agriculture Calculatedto Reduce High Cost ofClothing.Washington. Uncle Sam, besidesoccupying himself with strikes, lawenforcement and international agreements, has interested himself in woman's clothes.How to have a wardrobe for $108that includes dinner and eveninggowns, a smart business dress, frocksof voile and tissue, gingham for summer wear and a broadcloth v coat forwinter winds, is -explained in a seriesof pamphlets issued by the Departmentof Agriculture, as an aid in reducingthe high cost of clothing. One ofthese pamphlets declares that the business girl with a reasonable amount ofzeal and talent, can use part of herspare time to such effect that herclothing bill is cut in half.First she must send to the Department of Agriculture for the circularsissued by the department. One ofthese pamphlets explains how to makea dress form by pasting layers ofgummed bundle wrapping paper overa tightly fitting vest on herself, asa model. When the paper casing iscut off and fastened together she hasa "light, stiff and perfect reproductionof her form." This eliminated the purchase of a store -figure.Employee Used Form.The girl with the $108 wardrobe, agovernment employee, used such aform.She made for $24.61 a coat of tanbroadcloth with a good lining, suchas she saw priced at $50 in shops.A blue voile dress with a slip, cost,including trimming, $11.09. A tissuegtngham dress, with organdie and hemstitching for trimming, cost $0.33;with scraps and a remnant she madeanother gingham dress for exactly 45cents.For $16 she" bought materials tomake a pussy willow taffeta and georgette crepe dress for social occasions,which she said, she could not duplicate at a store for less than $35. Herbusiness dress of serge and crepe dechine would have been priced at $40or more if she had purchased a dressof the same quality of material already made. Her evening dress oftaffeta and silver lace cost $21, although it was modeled after one seenin a shop priced several times higher.Attended Many Affairs.This wardrobe, supplemented bytwo dresses for which materials werepurchased, brought the total up to$10S.34."This wardrobe, while not elaborate,enabled me to attend many affairswhich, had I not sewed myself, I wouldhave been unable to attend because oflack of a proper gown. Without thedress form I could not have done itin the time at my disposals I madeten such forms for my friends, too."PLATYPUS COMING TO AMERICASingular Mammal That Lays Eggs, onWay to Philadelphia ZooFrom Australia.Philadelphia. The zoological gardens in Fairmount park are beingprepared for the accommodation of anumber of new guests, now on theirway here from Australia. The mostunusual of the shipment is a platypus,an egg-laying mammal.The platypus will be the only oneof its kind in this country, it is said.This species dies quickly in captivityand is related to the echidna, also anegg-laying mammal. However, thelocal gardens have exhibited one specimen of the echidna for eighteenyears. This shipment Is being sent byEllis O. Joseph, Australian zoologist.,MAN, PLOWING, KILLS BEARMississippi Rancher Has Chance Encounter With Vagrant FromCanebrakes.Coldwater, Miss. A bear weighing250 pounds was, killed by Dock Lee, afarmer, living near Arkabutla In thewestern part of this county. Mr. Leewas plowing in his field about a milefrom town when his dog encounteredthe bear in a thicket nearby.Great excitement resulted In theneighborhood, as it was the first bearever seen out of the canebrakes, thenearest of which Is three miles away.This bear is supposed to have been inthe vicinity of Arkabutla for sometime, as his tracks had been discovered on 'several bdcasions rby citizensof the community.Hoof Shoes for Moonshiner.Tampa, i Fla. In order to throwprohibition agents off the trail tomoonshine stills; 'a Florida moonshiner, has invented a shoe'-tht-leaves anImprint similar to that of the hoof ofacow, A.I. A)len, fderal prohibition:cently. One of the hof-hoes wasHand at a atHU!captirad: JNtfc Port'ampa MlttoT&&MjM -Jte'..WrU1KU IV :'aahinfftoo;at JWhite Front: GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washedf .MMMMf 1 1 1 1 It I'M inGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBf 0 TH TELEPHONESDayI 137Night,MllliMIIIIIHIIIIIIHMHIItllHMIIMIIIIIIIIIBourbon County Booster TripAUGUST 30th, 1922aSEE BOURBON COUNTY FIRST"Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedMhHg 1 tr.jKI''l't1'Il't?g4WK!We Handle All Kinds of1 Electrical Novelties 1Electric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes! and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates-That are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSE fMllltlMIHIIMMMI HmMllttlllllH.rfFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVEiBOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOULADAYMenwantedThis Company will hire experienced shopcraftf mechanics' and shop laborers and furnishSemwork'at rates prescribed by the UnitedStates Railroad Labor Board, beginning at once.Apply to W. E. Hunter, Master Mechanic,Covington, Ky., orE. H. Corey, General Foreman Paris, Ky.r , . -iBfe-."V'ST" 1 k --.---Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co.i r in-isi'-x t-H's:-.y,v J njfyft- J?1"rf.yr , f irwj4' --r .n, ,ic?s-x,vifrf ,c''4'Bearm flews Aarausers ust HcsansM7TUBSDJLY, AUGUST 15, 111. -iA SHO IS A GREAT BIG BANK.Every farmer in Kentucky whoowns a silo can consider himselfthe President and Board of Directorsof a first-class bank.A bank is an institution for thesecure storage of valuables; silageis valuable. A bank is a source ofhelp in financial stress so is a silowhen feed is scarce. A bank notonly keeps its patrons' funds safelybut returns them with interest; sodoes a silo return interest, but at arate far above that of the banks. Asan investment the bank returnsprofits on the money put into it; asa sole stockholder in the silo thefarmer will find it one of the bestinvestments he ever made.Kentucky is gaining steadily indairying. The most reliable authorities state that there are 14,000 silos in the State, each with anaverage capacity of 100 tons. Assuming $5 per ton as the feed valueof silage, the deposits in these rural banks of the State amount toabout ?7,000,000. There is roomfor at least four times as many moresilos as the State possesses now. IfKentucky had 50,000 silos the resources of its farmers as represented "bv deposits in silo banks wouldbe increased to $ 2 5, 00 0,0 00. Hereis one of the rocks on which mustbe built Kentucky's future successin dairying.A silo is an indication of goodiarming ability. The best farmersin every locality are likely to havethe best land, the best cows and thebest farm plan. An Illinois surveyShowed that the labor income onfarms with silos was $373 morethan on farms without silos. Perhaps the silos were not responsiblefor it all, but figures talk.Kentucky farmers are among themost progressive in the country andwhen both their pride nd their pocket-bookare concerned no one canget ahead of 4hem. Adding $20,OOOJOOO to the -deposits in the"farmer's banks" is not too much of.a jdb. A good start can be made onit this year.P,ut money intothe bank by banking your corn crbp in silos.' 0A BHHOK DOLLAR- GARDENV x(Farm Life.) ,, "We count wheat and cotton asprincipal crops, and yet, in 1921,they both 'together 'were barelyebual in value to the vegetablesgrown on farms in the UnitedStates. If we add the truck grownon city and .suburban lots to the"garden sass" grown on farms, wefind a total value just about equalto that of the entire national corncrop. Not all of these vegetableswere sold, of course, but perhaps asgreat a proportion of them as of thecorn produced found its way to a direct cash market.. So far as that isconcerned, the poultry products forlast census year (1919) were morethan a billion dollars in value andthe dairy products nearly a billionand a half. These figures are interesting because they show how extremely important the garden andthe poultry yard are to the farmersof the country; but because theiryield arid consumption are spreadover a longer period of time theyare too often regarded as neglible.Some Information.She was an amiable old lady, andvolunteered much information to thefair stranger, who had come down toee an. important event in the countrytown the laying of the foundationtoae of the new church. "Yes," prattle tke eld lady, "that is the duketad 4acken, and the ceiple behindtbeee two o the right are the yicarHtmm WmwL a& Dealers ZZf II,I certainly does II Y. strefcft vMe value-of I hI 7 ff "N e dollar I!Ifer The "Brownie" 'A I"ImV f oi AgenuineGilletteRazorr IIi$'i-if With three genuine IIyii7 N. Gillette Blades-I ilS. Q 0 M Now yours for $1. II GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO III IHif h I Boston, U. S. A. ' f . IIPL a No blades like t IllPlO? the qenuine - IMLjf Gillette Blades III , MJOKER IN LAW BUBDEN TOAUTO OWNERSThe poor automobile owner,whose shoulders are already roundwith the burden of tax placed upon"him via his machine, will receive ajolt when he comes to purchase theprivilege of operating his machinefor the year 1923. Ears of the members of the last State Legislaturewill probably ring until long afterthe last owner has purchased hisnew license.Little was said by automobileowners, as a whole, when the Legislature passed a law requiring thepayments of 25 cents per horse-'power machine, although the usualgrumble was audible to those whotook the pains of putting their earto the ground. Members of the lastLegislative organization, however,probably were not guilty of havingindulged in this pastime or theywould have been able to anticipatethe howl which will go up in December when the automobile ownerslearn that, concealed in the licensemeasure is a provision requiringeach and every owner to pay, in addition to the horsepower tax, alicense of 40 cents for each one hundred pound weight of his car, this tobe gauged on factory weight. Thelaw becomes effective January 1,but all automile owners who obtaintheir license in December for thenew year will discover at that timejust what the law means to them.Owners of the light-weight cars, ofcourse, will suffer light, but proudpossessors of the big busses will be'compelled to pay greatly increasedlicenses.JUNK. AND JUNKINGFor some years press agentry hasmade heavy inroads upon our diminishing wood pulp supply while deluging the press with, inutile massesofV'copy." 'To paraphrase a once' popularsong, tlie pulp mills never grindtimber that has passed. Reforestation never has been undertaken upon an adequate scale, and there isno general support! for the sentimentof a majority of newspaper menthat a majority of press v agentsshould be lynched. i ;In these circumstances the disposition of a Federal r Governmentpress bureau to junkj ,a servicewhich proved an exception to therule that what is poked at the pressmust be pushed into the waste basket raises a question.The "Daily Digest" of the pressbureau of the United States Department of Agriculture, quoting brieflywhat was being said about what wasbeing done or discussed in connection with agriculture, by Congressespecially, was edited by somebodywho knew a hawk from a handsawwhen the wind was in the right direction. No sooner had the "Daily Digest"become a recognized medium for thedistribution of information valuableto daily newspapers desiring tokeep tab upon the agrarian movement than its publication was discontinued. The bureau which discontinued itwill continue to raid the wood pulpsupply, along with, innumerable others, burdening the mails with tonsof "copy" that will be baled withother waste paper by thousands ofnewspapers daily.Mysterious are the ways, and thejudgments, of press agents, and thebureaus which shelter and succorthemSome sit waiting for the door of(opportunity to open while otbTersnHmh thrnusrh the windows.Theee are mad dog --days. TheyTHE BOURBON NEWS,1 li 1 jyt. ISOME POLITICAL. .;t 4ORTThe recent death of W. H. (Roaring Bill) Sweeney recalls an interesting chapter of Kentucky political'.history in which he was a centralifigure in one of the most sensational'and spectacular struggles ever staged in the State.It was in the famous Music HallDemocratic State convention heldin Louisville, in June, 1899, thatMr. Sweeney was put up as the Hardin candidate -for . temporary chairman against Judge David Redwine,the choice of the Goebel-Stone coalition. The situation was tense andexcitement ran high, the final outcome depending upon the decision ofMajor P. P. Johnson, the State chairman, in a number of contests fromcounties with rival delegationsclaiming the right to vote in thetemporary organization. The finaldecision of Chairman Johnson gavethe coveted honor to Judge Redwineand started the riotous proceedingthat lasted for over a week, duringwhich several tragedies narrowlywere averted. Mr. Sweeney neveraccepted his defeat for the chairmanship and the loss of the honorrankled in his bosom and changedthe whole course of his life.At the time he was the Commonwealth's Attorney of the Eleventhdistrict but having changed his party affiliation after the Music Hallepisode, he lost prestige in the Democratic district that had honoredjhim with preferment, coming toLouisville where he had since livedto within a short time of his death.Had he won the temporary chairmanship of the memorable 1899 convention, the probabilities are thathe would have been elected to Congress from the Fourth district, as hewas regarded as one of the ablestmen in his party with every qualityto make a national lawmaker. Hisis another example of the failure ofsome to rise above a bitter 'personaland political disappointment.BOUaUETS FOR THE DOCTORIn reading the accounts in theState press it is rare to find anymovement in a rural communitywithout the active aid and co-operationof the country doctor. Usuallyhe is the prime mover and the firstto enlist in any enterprise that maybe designed to promote the interestsof the community he serves. Noother wields as much influence orcommands a larger following in thecommunity.Familiarly dubbed "Doc," thecountry doctor frequently is calledupon to arbitrate differences between neighbors and discuss withhis people social and business problems. Often he goes in for politicsand it is in this field that his powerin the community is wellnigh invincible. His views and opinionsare sought in political matters andwhen the votes are counted most ofthe community is likely to be withhim. Sometimes he runs for office,but in most cases he lets the otherfellows do the running while helines up the community for hischoice of candidates.For the most part he has givenup his horseback riding and hissaddlebags filled with medicines foran automobile, but the change apcreased rather than diminished hissphere of influence among the people in the rural sections of theState.oKENTUCKY IS POPULAR SPOTFOR AUTO TOURISTSIf one doubts that Kentucky is atouring ground, all one has to do jteto observe automobile licenses ijyjthe score from every v State in theUnion, that pass through. July mp-jtor travel to this State has outstripped all previous records and there laevery indication that during Au-IguBt, the height of the, touring sejtjson, there will be an unprecedentedmigration of "highway fans" tqpoints of interest in Kentucky. J 'Modern gy'psying with the comfortable motor replacing the lumbering, rickety camp wagon wouldseem to be the coming, national suijimer pastime, if it does not head thelist in popularity already. Eacliyear and each month brings thousands of new highway devotees to thereligion of outdoors, as the homecoming auto trourists spread theirstories of the delights and adventures of the open road.o 'INN, BELOVED BY DICKENS, OFFERED FOR SALEThe Leather Bottle, known toDickens lovers the world over, is forsale.It is the "clean and commodiousale-house" in the little Kent villageof Cobham.It was thither Mr. Pickwick, accompanied by the faithful, Snodgrassand Winkle, followed Mr. Tupmanon receipt of the plaintive letterfrom Mr. Tupman, which announcedthat he had been "deserted by a lovly and fascinating creature."He wrote to Pickwick: "Any letter addressed to me at 'The LeatherBottle, Cobham, Kent will be forwarded supposing I still exist, , Ihasten from the sight of the world,which has become odious to me."fThe University of Prague has 10,000 students in the fifteenth! cenftury. lActual dcw:uiaW-f-Aide fiht cry,are available to the history itudigAMS, " KENTUCKY''-I'iii'i LU !ILSEjES F0BGJDTTEN TRIBEAmerican Bird Specialist InvadesJungles of Nicaragua;Gets Large Collection of Rare Bjrde,Beasts, Fleh and RepWIes Pene- tratcs to Vjllagee of SumoIndians.Philadelphia. Wharton Huber, assistant curator 'of the ornithology section of the Academy of Natural Sciences, returned recently to this cityfrom 'hitherto little known regions ofixiv-amgua, wnere ne assembled alarge collection of birds, beasts, fishand reptiles, a number of which he believes have not yet been classified.He also claims to have penetrated!to the villages of Sumo Indians, who!rareiy Had seen a white man. The.scientist's specimens include 600 birds,40 rare mammals and 2,000 fish, reptiles and insects, all of which will beplaced n exhibition in the local institution. ""My research work was done about180 miles inland from the Nicaraguancoast," said Mr. Huber. "We established our headquarters at a smallmining camp, whence we made tripsfarther into the country. The average annual rainfall here is 147 inches.From the time I reacned the intenoruntil I left there never was a dryarticle of clothing on me. The country is infected with red bugs, smallerthan fleas, which burrow under theskin and inflict serious wounds."Lwent up the Prinza Polka riverfor 180 miles in a pltpan, an openboat made of a hollowed-out mahogany log. Then in a umaller pitpan Iascended the Banbana river to Mininda. The district is hilly and coveredwith tropical forests so dense that itIs Impossible to enter them until away is cut by Indians."The only inhabitants are a fewscattered tribes of Indians apparentlyof Spanish and Miskito Indian descent. With a body of these Indiansas guides, I penetrated to certain villages of the Sumo Indians."The Sumo men are very skillfulhunters, but the tribe is rapidly becoming extinct. Witn all their abilityin hunting and their courage of facing wild animals, they are excessivelytimid of strange human beings andwill run away even rrom members ofother Indian tribes. Miskito Indianssometimes walk into their villages andtake anything they want without meeting resistance. The Sumos, numbering about 500 souls all told, have theslant, almond eyes of the Chinese, andtheir skin is about the same color asthat of a Chinaman."Mr. Huber had with him a numberof dogs, two of which were killed byjaguars. The scientist believes thatfully 40 per cent of the birds and animals he shot were lost, because neither dogs nor Indians could make theirw ay into the jungles to the point wherethey fell. He used dynamite to securehis fish specimens.QUEEN MOTHER DEFIES TIMEAlexandra of Britain Active in Spiteof Her 77 Years PutsIn Busy Day.London, England. Queen Alexandra, the queen mother, now In herseventy-eighth year, is far more active than most women of her age. Shemight take life far more easily thanshe does, but she evidently is opposedto the idea of being laid on the shelf.She likes to show herself , among thepeople, and she is gratified by theapplause fwlth which her appearancealways is greeted. Undoubtedly itacts as a sort of psychological tonicupon her, and' helps Jier to feel asyoung as she looks.She crowds many activities Into aday. One day recently she appearedIn public at the cart-horee parade forprizes in Regent's park, then - at acpncert In aid of workshopsfor disabled soldiers and, -finally, at theRichmond' horse show.She makes, however, , two concessions to advancing years, She seldomgoes out of an evening, and she goesto bed early, usually playing- a gameof "Patience" before retiring.Cobbler Finds $100 in a Shoe.Warsaw, Ind. Thomas Ross, Winona Lake, placed $100 in bills andseveral checks inside one of his shoesfor safekeeping. Then he went toFlorida and forgot all about the billsand checks.While repairing a pair of shoes forRoss, a Warsaw cobbler discoveredthe greenbacks and checks and turnedthem over to the owner.VV srvrvsfsrvsr rrCamping Party UsesHearse for BedroomFrank Remlinger of GreenBay, Wis., and four Iriends, ona camping jaunt, use a hearseinstead of the usual type of motor caravan. Only" a fewchanges were necessary. Partof the glass side was replacedby board panels and a flooringwas put in, dividing it intodecks. Two of the party sleep"upstairs," and all supplies arecarried below. Three of theparty sleep in tents.Rubber tires insure easy riding. No ghosts have been encountered, so Xarr even rwhenthey camp npxtyto cemeteryadi nol matter how 4t, storms;Atne hearse fg snujfc ,,, ,m ! 'innfrram tTNOZtisrsAL cabYou Need One: Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTORParis,iXfliXi:BourboniDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4stt.r$ct&mm&Tsafi&sPi-isp&ibJ&&-AfSfen'v " ' i'Xco$mvjTiNilP Il .httosL J!v " I tfnPT JHb. rTJ-JaTTThe Bourbon LaundryParis,IXaXLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGr uiu .EwilFyou-need ourBW ' WM M" fBiBl Bl BMBVfl I1 1iWffHB 1,,., I -T lf,.We will strve yoncourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in th mostmodern methods ofour scientific -profession.D"Two - Year - Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July ISSecond Crop.Seed Irish, PotatoesJOflN CriRISMAN CO.FLORISTSHiNigffHA!gpact sryriCOMPANYKentuckyixasxaHxiLaundryWest Fifh Street ftSt SATISFACTIONrum ii;inputi7AniiUUR YYAltnYVUKUI"k a- e latest improve-i;"TrTrirrr"KHapV'rl ailKX cA.pci.u ncipcio wc areprepared to do work infe- Irj nor to none, and solicitrmr in nnnp nnn on miriyour patronage.KentuckyIXSIB -JIMO- 'Coaasefwhen youassistance.H - f -5;Mfl1-1 I ;jjIikoqsQ&y.'. .,Wfc .-JV sr. L.ciSfrtff 'p,xX9it . ";5.i &-3t'w y"- $-i rr --imiIfmy--ma4-OTrUt-pric-oX bonate4y?a'l'JJ44&f'4ipinaDt -----, j nj-TffffnT"- i'-- g -- -Tif 1 1" " r 'i'-'t ir-rr-nrjr i'ittiimtw jtuTN3- 4S f- 2yiwywiM .WPymmWM liXt it fTHE tiOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST II, lttfYAGE EIGHTM1LLERSBURGfcfcwttiiig News Items From Bom-bon County's College Town(Miss Atta W. Mann is the dulyauthorized correspondent and representative of THE NEWS in Miller?burg and vicinity. News items orbusiness matters entrusted to herwill receive careful and prompt attention. THE NEWS respectfullysolicits the co-operation of the people of Millersburg with Miss Mannsin this respect.)Mrs. Rhoda Conway has returned from a visit with friends in Paris.Mrs. B. W. Wood is visitingrxelatives and friends in Masonvcounty.Miss Sue Bascom has returnedtfrom a visit with relatives in Mt.Sterling.Miss Ruth Rouse, of Cynthiana,-will arrive to-night to visit MissElizabeth Miller.Mr. and Mrs. William Powell,SPECIALVALUES!Men's GenuinePALM BEACHSUITSin all shades$11.50One LotPALM BEACHandKOOL KLOTHSUITS$8.50of Atlanta, Ga., are guests .ot Mrs.Powell and family.Miss Elizabeth Miller has re- iturned from a visit with Miss RuthRouse, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Richard Huffman and little daughter, Ethel Louise, are visiting in Cincinnatni.The C. W. B. M: of the Christian church will meet Wednesdayafternoon in the church.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Turnerand baby have returned from a visitwith relatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. James Ralls and Miss Nannie Clarke, left Monday for severaldays stay at Grayson Springs.Mrs. Thomas Dwelly, who hasbeen ill for several months, is reported to be in a critical condition.The women of the Presbyterianchurch will serve dinner to theBourbon County Boosters on August30.Mrs. Charles Carrington andchildren, of Ravenna, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. John McDaniel andfamily.Miss Pauline Jones has returned from a visit with her sisters,Mrs. H. Wright and Mrs. Davis, inLouisville.Mrs. Ralph Miller and daughter,Miss Mariam Miller, are guests ofIMr. S. C. Bascom and daughter, MissSue Bascom.Rev. G. W. Nutter will continue the protracted service at Jackstown. A great deal of interest isbeing manifested in the service,i Mr. S. H. Creighton and son,Taylor Creighton, and Mr. A.Vaught, of Indianapolis, Ind., areguests of Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy.The dance given at the operahouse Friday night was well attended. Visitors were present from allthe surrounding towns. Music wasfurnished by Phillips and His Southern Syncopaters.Miss Ruth McClintock has beenasked to be a member of the StateCommittee of the Woman's StateClub Day at the Kentucky StateFair. The committee expects tomake this a big rally day for all theclub women of the State, and withthat end in view, is arranging anattractive program for September12th.The funeral services of Miss Anna Elizabeth Collier were held Saturday morning at the country home,near Millersburg, by Rev. G. W.Nutter. Burial followed in the family lot in the Millersburg Cemetery.Miss Collier is survived by two sisters, Mrs. N. S. Collier, Miss Amanda Collier, of near Millersburg, andMrs. J. H. Comer, of Paris.&1ANDISr a- is:ir2:00 to S:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.7:00 Co 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.TUESDAYWilliam Fox PresentsTUESDAYSHIRLEY MASON "Queenie"She is just the lovely girl you love to read about. Why not see her as she is in a heart-winning story of a modern Cinderella who foundthat it is not such a bad world after all. An appealing story of a girl born to poverty and a boy born to wealth.ALSO MUTT AND JEFF IN "GALLEY SLAVE" AND SID SMITH IN "TAXING CHANCES."iWednesdayFREE DAY TWO ON ONE ADMISSIONWednesday)BHISpecial Prices on Mohairs and Gabardines1 Lot Straw Hats$125Price & Co.Clothiers, JUST LOOK WHO'S HERE!RUDOLPH VALENTINO " "Uncharted Seas" VaEvery one Is talking about him. Every girl is crazy about him. He is the screen's most popular actor. You will adore him in the"Uncharted Seas." Don't miss this splendid program.ALSO PATHE HEWS AND CHEISTIE COMEDY, "SCEAPPILY MAEEIED."THURSDAY-JESSE L. LASKY PRESENTSTHURSDAYH&eFerjJusonWhen husband andand mis-marriage,thing greater thandisagree forever.ETHEL CLAYTON "The Cradle"A Smashing Drama of Marriage and Three Kinds of Lovewife are divorced, wh pays? Their children? See the answer in this intensely dramatic pictures of love, marriageAdapted from one of the greatest stage plays ever written. Lovely Ethel Clayton's strongest picture. Come! Somelove, greater than the law, greater than life itself, locked them irrevocably together again, after they had agreed toSee the dramatic working of this heart-stirring picture of love, marriage, and the "other woman."ALSO SNUB P0LLAED IN "STRICTLY MODERN AND LAST EPISODE OF "GO-GET-'EM HTJTCH."DEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayPUBLIC SALE CITY PROPERTYWednesday, August 16, at 2 p. m.,date of A. L. Burley sale. Apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS, forinformation. Phones, Cumberland450, Home 394.(8-11-15)oROBINSONThe funeral of James L. Robinson, aged thirty-five, who died in Mt.Sterling, Thursday, was held at thefamily home on Holt avenue at twoo'clock Friday afternoon with ser'vices conducted by Rev. J. W.Crates. The interment followed inMachpelah Cemetery. Mr. Robinsonwas a sister of Mrs. Lloyd Mann, ofParis. He leave a widow, livechildren, five brotheis and three sis-'ters.BIRTHSAt Birmingham. Ala., to thewife of L. K. Clapper, a daughter,their fifth child, first daughter. Thelittle one has been christened MaryElizabeth Clapper. Mrs. Clapper wasformerly Miss Georgia Grimes, sisterof Mrs. Cannie Grimes Stout, andWm. Grimes, of Paris.At Manassas, Virginia, to thewife of Benj. F. Knox, a son. Mrs.Knox was formerly Miss Julia Howard, sister of Mrs. B. J. Clay, Mrs.Taylor Chandler and Logan Howard,of Paris.At the Harrison County Hospital, in Cynthiana, to the wife of Dr.H. C. Blount, of Leesburg, a son, H.C. Blount, Jr. Mrs. Blount was before her marriage Miss ElizabethRankin, of. Nicholas, county.BEATTYMrs. Walter Betty, a formerresident of Paris, died at the homeof her mother, at Stanford, Ky., onAugust 8, after a lingering illness.Her husband was a patient in theSt. Elizabeth Hospital,, in Covington, at the time of her death, justrecovering from the effects of an operation. Mrs. Beatty will be remembered here as Miss Lona Chaney, ofParis.Samuel Houston, Joseph Houston,William Houston, Milton Adair,Robert Adair, Allen Adair.Mrs Adair was formerly MissWellington Smith, daughter of Mrs.Julia Houston, of near Paris. Shewas a graduate of the Bourbon College in this city, and was very popular with her schoolmates and alarge circle of acquaintances. Shewas married several years ago toGeorge Adair, son of Mr. and Mrs.A. P. Adair, of Bourbon county, going to Mr. Adair's ranche, near Pensacola, where they resided, andwhere she met an untimely death.Mrs. Adair is survived by her husband, two children, Jane Breckin'ridge Adair, and Carey MasonAdair; one sister, Mrs. Geo. Batterton, of Paris, and two brothers, JoeB. Smith, of Paris, and Duke Smith,of Cynthiana.FORMER PARISIAN IN JUNCTIONCITY BANKThe Citizens Bank of JunctionCity recently organized by RobertIngram, of Russell Springs, -Ky.,opened Saturday for business underthe most favorable conditions. Thebank is capitalized at $15,000 andhas a surplus fund of $3,750. LouisKriener, son of Mr. and Mrs. N.Kriner, of Paris, who was formerlycashier of the Junction State Bank,is cashier of the new institution.The new bank opened in the building of the old State Bank, the Citizens Bank having purchased thebuilding, furniture and fixturesJ. Harris Baughman, Special Deputy Banking Commissioner, for $4,-000.The sootfall in London amountsto more than 75,000 tons annually.ITRE CAUSES ESTIMATED LOSSOF $8,000.The barn of Jack W. and JosephC. Rogers on the Big Sink pike, nearRichmond, was destroyed by fire Friday night. The origin of the firehas not been determined. About 2,000 bushels of wheat, 40 tons oftimothy hay, several hundred tonsof baled straw, two binders, hempbrakes and farm tools, which werestored in the barn were lost. Thetotal loss was about $8,000, with little insurance.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANParishes have existed in Englandfor more than a 1,000 years.EDINGTONHallie May Edington, fourteen-months-olddaughter of Mr. andMrs. Samuel Edington, died at thefamily home on the Xalapa Farmnear Paris, yesterday, of malnutrition. The funeral will be held at'eleven o'clock this (Tuesday) morning, with services conducted at thegrave in the North Middletown Cemetery, by Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastorof the North Middletown Christian'church.ffftwmmemmmmmwmt-7! lHriy?lIBWC :eWorldsmileson theManwhoPtospefoil ' 'Unto him that hath shall be given. ' ' Why ? Ther II successful man is trusted because he has made a success.II Parmlo nfrra tn him nnri anpair woll rf him nnri conH nfhers to him. No man in any walk of life can afford not tov; j a.u:- -u i. j- :r i itvii prosper; anu tm ue can sureiy uu n ne saves rejmiany apart of the money he makes and puts it in the bank andmakes his BALANCE GROW.We will welcome your account.1 Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.Alt M w . 4 .' ' 'Ik .1 asacamc aiCOLLIERiMss Eliza Collier, aged seventy-four, died at the home of herbrother-in-law, Nat F. Collier, nearMillersburg, following a lingeringillness, due to the infirmities of age.Miss Collier had been a consistentmember of the Baptost church sice'early childhood, and in her quiet,gentle manner had gathered abouther a host of wann friends, who willregret her passing. She was bornand reared in Millersburg,- and formany years had made her homewith her sister, Mrs. Nat Collier.Besides her sister, Mrs. Nat Collier, she is survived by another sister, Miss Amanda Collier, and thefollowing neces and nephews: Mrs.J. H. Comer, of Paris, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Nat Collier; Mrs R.M. Collier, J. J. Hardy and W. H.Hardy, of Millersburg.The funeral was held at the residence of Nat Collier, Saturdaymorning at ten o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. G. W. Nutter.The Interment followed in the Millersburg Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere: R. M. Collier, W. E. Collier,O. H. Collier,' H. W. Purdy, J. T.Purdy and J. J. Hardy.GREAT REDUCTIONS!Amazing Shoe Values! Buy Now! This is a Wonderful Money SavingClean-Sweep SaleOffering Our Entire Stock, This Season's Latest Styles Footwear, at StartlingPrice Reductions!ADAIRThe body of Mrs. George Adair,who was brutally murdered lastweek at her home near Pensacola,'Oklahoma, by a sixteen-year-old. negro farm hand, arrived in Paris,Friday morning, and was taken tothe home of Mrs. Joseph Houston, onthe Clay and Kiser pike, near Paris.' The funeral was held at (theHouston home, Saturday aftetfbon,at 2:30 o'clock, with services -conductedby Revs. W. E. Ellis, ArthurFox and'W. S.Cain, of Paria.TheInterment took-flace in thVfj?ariiV Ctmttcry. Tht pU-brri "wereLadies' $3.50 to $4.00 newest stylePatent Strap, Tan Lace Oxfords, A rReduced to ,. . JZ.TULadies' $4.00 and $5.00 Gradesnewest styles Satin Strap Slippers. Patent Slippers. Reduc- A apedto.. jZ.UJAnother lot of Ladies' Soft Kid StrapSlippers, turn soles, $2.50 value 4 ipin this sale Special J uifljA great lot of Ladies' Tan Oxfordsand Straps. Values to $4.00. 4 QrSpecial )Ib9uBetter Styles, Better Quality, Less Price. &$?Our Prices are Always the LowestClean Sweep Sale of Men's Shoesand Oxfords. Men's $4.00 and$5.00 Tan Shoes and Oxfords, f A APSale price JZSIDMen's Newest Style Tan Oxfords andShoes, all latest styles. $5.00 f a IPgrades. Sale price JwtDSee these wonderful values WhiteFootwear, and new styles WhiteCanvas Oxfords and Straps. Lowand medium heels. Save money, 4 JPat this sale 31 iTwMen's $3.00 Army last Tan Work 4 APShoes and Scouts. Sale price . . . J B JJJjSale price Misses' and Children's$3.00 Tan and Patent Slippers. 4 ATNow .. I.UuMisses' $1.75 White Canvas Slip- 4 A Jpers. Now BfOne lot of Misses' Slippers, value 4 AAto $2.50: At il.UUInfant's $1.25 Strap Slippers. tifln, Now UUUTennis Slippers Barefoot SandalsPlay Oxfords. Great Valueson sale.Men's $2.50 Tan Elk Scout Shoes. -AA real good "shoe. Sale price J.3POSNER BROSDAN COHEN STAND336 MAIN STREETKJLTrtr - r - ,, -iJ- 'w fmttgi- .XX