'?HTV '1 v..'?-,-JffO '- - -s.,?4. ' ..kJv -Lt fc4 V ,PF '"fV- --."PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR;-r-,1&"VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 2, 1922THEBOURBONNPW- "SSTOBACCO GROWEBS WILL SIGNNEIGHBORSSCHOOL NOTESFollowing" an, excellent plant-settingseason, which, kept many ofthe workers in the drive of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation from doing what theyotherwise would have done in theendeavor tq sign up their neighbors,reports from many of the countiestell of preparations to conduct apersonal canvass in each of them inorder to sign up every outsidegrower.Assistant Chief William Collins,of the field service division, declared that so far, probably 3,500 additional contracts having been signedon May 20, the day of the seconddistribution of $10,000,000 to memTiers, and since that time. ManagerClifton Rodes, of Burgin, has beenachieving remarkable progress inWest Virginia and the eastern Ohiocounties, when the character ofcampaigning made by opposition tothe organization of the growers istaken into consideration.Because of the fact that the timeset for the drive made it impossiblein many of the counties to make a-concentrated effort to sign up growesr, on account of the tobacco settin season, the time for the drivehas been extended and those whowere too busy last week have askedlor the privilege of having a part inthis work as soon as their tohacco"has been set out. This the fieldservice division has gained and thework jn these counties will continue'until all the outsiders have beenseen. It is expected that few will Ibe outside when the campaignt finally is closed.oAEROPLANES VISIT PARISWith the passing Tuesday nightof Sayre College, Lexington, which attha close of its sixty-eighth year becomes a preparatory school, fivegraduates were awarded diplomasand the faculty of the girls' schoolto open in September was announced by Dr. R. L. Ledford, of Richmond, president v of the board oftrustees.Those who . received diplomaswere Misses Udell .Brandenburg andDolly Hanna, Lexington; Rae White,Raleigh, N. C. ; Florence - Hedges,Paris, and Thelma Pennington, -Benton,Ky.In recognition of the fine recordshe made in her classes and studiesin the bove institution, Mr. andMrs. Ollie C. Hedges of Paris, presented their daughter Miss FlorenceAdair Hedges, with a handsome Sedan automobile. Miss Hedges wasone of the honor pupils in the 1922graduating class.Attractive programs are scheduledfor the closing week of the ParisHigh School. Fiiday evening theGeorgetown College Orchestra andGlee Club will be heard. Seats areon sale at the office of the ' Paris"Commercial Club. Sunday morning,the "baccalaureate sermon willbe preached at-St. Peter's Episcopal church by Rev. Walter S. Cain,rectorthe parents and graduates. On Tuesday evening the High School GleeClub will give a concert. Wednesday morning, June 7, the Bourboncounty eighth grade commencementCOMMERCIAL ' CLUB HEARSHIGHWAY REPORTS.BASE BALLi V--J.- u j.1- T-J P Tiai a, meeting oi tu DUd.u The Maysville team strengthenedrectors held Monday evening Judge .. . ... n , . . Q . t. .Denis Dundon, who representedhe Blueragg League Tuesday by deParis Commercial Club at the Dixie feating the Paris Mammoths in aiigaway- directors meeting um ", pitchers' duel by the SCdre of 2 toJacksonville Florida Friday and, parig collected Mt fiye scatteredSaturday, of las; week, submitted a hltg Qfl g whopitched his sec-very interesting verbal report of the shutout of tn seasonjresults of that meeting and his ef- and M iUe collected but six hitsforts m the interest of the Dixie off M the paris southpawruguway luute imuuSu jraiis. x" , hvir1ot. aTQ,ma five tmi inilia j u V Jin. kj 11 .ji, i""l -",personnel of the directorate of thishighway is for the most part com-twirler.the fourth inning, came as the result of a base on balls, Margeum'sv st itf t 3 - -P vmah tTtn14-1 - v -rtrtr1t"inTl I v n.uuaeu ui xiibu uL weaitii aixu . ' single and an infield out. Slaybackwhose services-aie gratis and whose gingled and c&me home Qn Gresser,gmotives are entnely unselfish. . ,tpi le for the visitors, second counLast year, through the efforts of ter in the,sixth- The attendanceiciJlCBCUiauvcs Ji Liic wnuuui ,,n. loo-a r,'no- tr flia Tlann-i uo jx jr iai(j& U111U5 iu Lin jjPLEASING PROGRAM BY THE. YEGEORGETOWN COLLEGEORCHESTRAEDITOR DIPROVIirG ATy-MIWOGCO SPRINGSTwo big army planes passed overParis recentlv headed Northward.They did not licsitate, but aftergiving Paris the once over, continued on their course. The machines,according to the FlemingsburgTimes-Democrat, landed at SaltLick, in Bath county, where the aviators. stated to a bunch -of natives,that they were en route from Washington, D. C, to Dayton, O., but gotcaught in a storm in the AllegheneyMountains and diifted in this di-.-rection.oIF YOU WANT TO SAVEClub, the Dixie Highway was givena double routing through CentralKentucky; from Cincinnati toGeorgetown, to Lexington, and fromCincinnati to Falmouth to Cynthiana to Paras, to Lexington. Theadvantages and disadvantages, respectively, of those two loutes areas follows: The Georgetown routeis about twelve miles shorter, buthas about forty miles of road, almost impassable, and" twenty-sevengrade railroad crossings; the Falmouth, Cynthiana, Paris route, although about a half hour longer,has only twelve miles of road, inSeats will be reserved for Pendleton county, that does notspecifications which isration Day. holiday closing manystores and business houses. Thebatteries were: Forx Paris, Minerand Macke, for Maysville, Shaw andConnelley. Filers umpired the game,which went for one hour and fortyminutes.The Mammoths may not be ableto defeat the Maysville slugers, butthey can do something else. In the(game at League Park yesterday afternoon they took the Mt. Sterlingbunch into camp by a score of 5 to1. The game was replete with goodplays on both sides, and the specta- Overture "Rhinefels".Rtors got a run for their money. The OrchestraThe concert to be given' by theGeorgetown College Orchestra: inth Highv School Auditorium this(Friday) evening, June 2, at 8:15p. m., promises to be one of themost delightful musi6al entertainments of the season. Several peoplewell known in Taris circles, will beamong the singers and entertainers:Dr. F. W. Bberhardt, of the Georgetown College, Mr. Fred Bassett,popular entertainer, and until recently of our city, and Mrs. Dryden the musical director and soloist of the Paris Christian church.The program is as follows:Ironclad Will HuffOrchestraInvocation Rev. Arthur FoxIn Thoughts Henry FroelichOrchestraSolo SelectedMiss SherrittNight Witchery Waltzes. .A. J. BoexOrchestra ,Quartette '. . . . SelectedMr. Browning, Mr. True, Prof Richardson, Dr. EberhardtStilly Night Will HuffOrchestraCornet Solo .' SelectedMr. BassettGreenwald- And secure a home, take, a part ofyour weekly salary and place it withthe old reliable BoMrbon Building &..Loan Association, where it will earnyou good interesr, and be secure.New series opens Saturday.H. A. POWER, President.WDL.L S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.exercises will be heldv Thursdaymorning7 June S, the High Schoolcommencement exercises will beheld at the Christian church. Parents are requested to have theirchildren call at the City Schooloffice Tuesday afternoon, June 6, between the hours of 1:00 and G:00p. m., for their final report cards.The graduating class of 1922 is thelargest in the history of the school,forty-three.-oRESIGNS" POSITION WITH THELOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE:!ltim Know RownTHE NEWSTRAWAfter a long and faithful servicein a clerical capacity in the officeof Superintendent Morrison, of theLouisville & Nashville, at this point,Mr. Paul Kelly, one of the most efficient and popular employes of theroad in this section, has resigned.!his position, becoming effective immediately. Mr. Kelly will engagema different line of business, the exact nature of which he has not madepublic. t LMr. Kelly has for so long been oneof the able "inspectors" of Stonercreek, in association with "Kitty"McCarthy, Billy Grosche, and othersthat it is hoped he will remain inParis to continue his official dutiesin that connection. Mr. 'Kelly is anardent sportsman and admirer ofnature, an agreeable and companionable gentleman, and should besuccessful in any line of work inwhich he may engage in the future.meet Statethe standard established by thegovei ning body "of the Dixie Highway " Association.The Directors at their semi-annual meeting this year voiced theopinion that the . controversy overthe routing of this highway hadbeen extended oer too long a periodof time, and that next year at theregular meeting of the Directors,upon the recommendation of the Directors from" each State, tentativeroutes which had not in the meantime completed the necessary roadbuilding program would be permanently abondoned. The Falmouth-Cynthiana-Parisroute with onlytwelve miles of unfinished road, andseveral feasible plans for completingthis section under consideration,stands tile best opportunity of beingdesignated permanently next yearas the official Dixie Highway. Roadofficials who are familiar with thecondition of the Georgetown-Cincinnati Highway, and the availablefunds for highway construction inthose counties, believe that there Jslittle hope of this route being incondition to be accepted by the Association .next ear. The majorityof the motor travel out of Cincinnatiover the Dixie Highway is at thepresent time routed by way of Falmouth, Cynthiana and Paris on account of the danger of the twenty-seven grade crossings on the Georgetown-Cincinnati route, and the muqhbetter condition of the roads.igame was witnessed by about sixhundred. The batteries were, forParis, Wills and Brackey; for Mt.Sterling, Moran and Lackey. ,The unbeaten Paris Pirates, thecrack youthful base ball team ofParis, will play the Wildcats ofLexington, on the latter's groundsthis (Fridaty) afternoon. The Pirateshave played and Won seven gamesthis season.The Centerville ball club, whichhas an unbroken string of victoriesfor the present season, will play thecrack Berry team, on the latter'sgrounds, Sunday afternoon.V There will be double-header gamesto-day, Friday, June 2, at HancockField, in the Church League series.The fust game will be between theChristians and Methodists, the second between the Baptists and Presbyterians. The game will be calledat two o'clock. Each game will beseven innings. Come out and rootfor your favorite team.President Russell belives that it" isonly a matter of time . until theLeague adopts the four-game-a-Wekscheduler Fans aresupportingthe Blue Grass League wonderfullywell, he declared, and if the schedule called for twice as many gamesthe clubs would be able to play better ball.Sunrise and You r. . PennMrs. Dryden vLove's Isle, Hawaiian Waltz ....TillmanOrchestraThe Secret GautierMiss Dawes, Miss AndersonUnspoke'n Words MooreMr. TrueQuartette SelectedMiss Sherritt, Mrs. Lipscomb, MissKemper, Miss BridgesBless Yo' Heart G. VargesOrchestraoBETTER NAMES, BETTER CITIZENS, A BETTER COMMUNITYIF YOU ;EED A HOME JOIN US.IT YOU HAVE MONEY TO INVEST.INVEST IT WITH US. IT WILL NOTONLY EARN A HIGH RATE OP INTEREST, BUT IT WILL HELPSOME- WORTHY PERSON PROCURE A HOME.THE NEWS is in receipt of tkfollowing snappy note from Mr. R.S. Potter, at the great natural,wonder-worker, Miwogco Mineral"Springs, near Milan," Indiana, telliay -ofthe improvement shown in thecondition of Mr. Swift Champ, whois sojourning there. Mr. Pottersays Mr. Champ's improvement iswonderful, he weighing 108 pounds,with good appetite ind resting wellat night. . The note says:"Milan, Ind., May 31, 1922."A new golf course has just been"opened at Miwogco and officersforthe ensuing year elected as follows:Swift Champ, President; Ed. McFarland, Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. "Champ gained the Presidencythrough his efficiency in handling arake, and his" spontaneous suggestion as to the rroper distribution of vthe club's funds (amount 30c.) Thecourse covers a vast area of aboutfifteen feet in circumference, withtwelve tees and one cup, and was putin shape for placing by the guests,headed by the energetic Presidentwh o manned his 'rake for at least aminute and a balf, and then declared a holiday" in order to get adrink no you're wrong, it wasMineral Water. President Champsays if the sun will stop shining sobrightly, and the ladies will let hinvalone for a few minutes, he willdemonstrate his ability as a golfer."oP.H. S. ALUMNI ASSOCIATIONBANQUET JUNE 8.The Alumni Association of theParis High School will hold its an.nual, banquet at the Y. M. C. -A.,Thursday evening, June 8, at 7:00 .o'clock. All former graduates areurged to be present. The members,of the Senior Class of 1922 will bethe guests of honor. Tickets are onsale at several clown town points or Nmay be secured froTn, the undersigned. The banquet will be servedby the Woman's Club of Bourboncounty.M. J. STERN, President.MRS. TAYLOR CHANDLER, Sec.GABARDINE SUMMER SUITSHATSIn Balabuntals, Sailors,Baagkoks and LeghornsARE HERE!Oar assortment of attractive and becoming StrawHats is a very completeone.Prepare yourself for thelong hot summer days bygetting under one' of ournew Straw Hats.WE FIT YOUR FACEAS WELL AS YOURHEAD!The finest of summer weightsuits. Ours are handsomely tailor,PEOPLES' BUILDING AND LOAN ed and' silk lined. Special at $25.ASSOCIATION, INC.G. W. WILDER, Pres.P. W. GALLOWAY, Sec.(30-2t) .J. W. DAVIS & CO.Siam is one' of thVfew monarch-ies of the tropics.BOYS' SHIRTS-AND BLOUSESSpecial showing of Tom SawyerShirts and Blouses for Commence-Judge Dundon at the conclusion ment Week at ?1.MISSRAY'S PUPILS GIVE RECITALThe junior pupils in piano of MissBetsy Ray gave an enjoyable recitalat Miss Ray's residence on Higginsavenue last night at eight o'clock.The young people showed evidenceof high class training, and theirwsrk reflects great credit upon 'theteacher for her patience and skill intraining their young minds andfingers in the devious ways of pianoartistry. The program rendered wasa lengthy one, lack of space forbidding individual mention.The more advanced pupils of thisaccomplished musician and teacherwill entertain with a recital at thesame place and time to-night, towhich friends and patrons are cordially invited. The program is one ofof his report recommended to theCommercial Club the marking of theDixie Highway throughout Bourboncounty, the immediate need of asuitable and convenient camp sitefor the' accommodation of motoristsover the Dixie and Jackson mgnways, and the appointment of a delegation from Sourbon -county to cooperate with a delegation fromHarrison county in the interest of agood roads program in Pendletoncounty. The Board of Directors extended to Judge Dundon a vote ofthanks for his services, contributedto the City of Paris, in the interestof the Dixie Highway.oODD PELLOWS MEMORIAL DAYJUNE 13J. W. DAVIS & CO.oNEW MANAGEMENT GRAND ANDALAMO 'FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMayor E. B. January, of Paris,GranflT Master of the KentuckyGrand Lodge, I. O. O. F. has issuedthe following proclamation to theGrand Lodge:"In obedience to the law, whichsecond Tuesday indesignates theexceptional interest and excellence, June of each year as Memorial Dayand the participants will be certain and in obedience to the prociamato reward their, preceptor by the excellence of their, work.oRECEIVE SOUGHT P0R COLUMBIA OIL CO.Mitchell &J Blakemore jSeeking the appointment of a receiver for the Columbia Oil and GasCo., Wyeatt Thompson, of Paris, andothers on behalf of themselves andall other stockholders, filed suit inFederal Court, at Lexington, Tuesday. In the petition it is chargedthat the "properties of the companyare not being conducted properlyand that the money is being wastedthrough mismanagement. In addrtion, the annual meetings to havebeen held by tbe stockholders havenever been called and no statementof the financial condition of thecompany has ver been forthcoming,it is asserted.Federal District Judge A. M. J.Cochran is exppeted to, pass on therequest for a receiver for the company during the term of .FederalCourt-in June. A. B. Thomason isattorney for the plaintiffs.oHong Kong has a slave colonywhere girls are sold as low as 5 ation of Lucien J. Bastin, Grand Sire,directing that each Lodge shall arrange a suitable ceremony in commemoration of our deceased members, therefore I, E. B. January,Grand Master, do hereby set apartTuesday, June 13, 1922, as MemorialDay (any Lodge is hereby grantedthe privilege of observing any otherday that may be more convenient).and you are urged to hold suitaDieservices in memory of your deceased members, and a dispensation ishereby granted for the Lodges towear the Regalia of the Order onthis occasion."Done in the City of Paris, Ky.,this thirteenth day of- May, 1922,and in our Order the 103rd year."E, B. JANUARY, ""' "Grancif Master.Monday will witness the passingof the old regime aad the assumption of the rein's of management ofthe Paris Grand and The Alamo bynew management Miss Anna BelleWard, of Richmond, branch managerand director of the Phoenix Amusement Company, owning and operating a chain of amusement housesin Central Kentucky, on that datewill take over the active -managementof the locri houses, succeeding Clarence Sprake, who has beenm charge of the houses for manyyears. - jMiss Ward's sister, Miss Adalme ;Ward, will come to Paris as localmanager of the houses, under tnediiect supervision of her sister, whowill divide time between the Richmond and "Paris bouses. Miss Wardand sister were in Paris yesterday,getting acquainted with the houseand employes. Miss Anna BelleWard stated to THE NEWS thatboth houses will undergo an extensive scheme of improvement in thevery near future, embracing a decorative feature that will enhancethe appearance of both. AnumDerof changes that will be of decidedbenefit to patrons of the houses areunder consideration.Special For Today aridSaturdayWool Slipov&rSweatersSolid Colors and Stripes. Some with Collar and. " Cuff Attached.$2.00VEACH'Attest:"R. G. ELLIOTT,"Grand Secretary.?ohead.BALANCES 03THAND IN STATETEEASUEYThe State of Kentucky had in itstreasury at the close of businessWednesday, a total of $1,016,287.24in cash. Outstanding -warrants totalled $4;8-16f910;57v 'WE TEACH Y,0ff HOW TO SWIM.Free swimming lessons for boysat the Y. M. C. A. building, Paris,Ky., June 8 to 13, inclusive, from2:30 to 3:30 p. m. Boys who wantto learn to swim should register, thisweek at the Y. M. C. A. office. Lessons for girls will begin June 15and, continue to and through June20.C. B. HARRISON,(lt) General Secretary.SPEND LESS AND SAVE MOEEIt is not what you make per week,but what you save per week. Startto savins- this week in the old Tellable Bourbon Building & Loan Association. New seriea opcn9 aturday. ,)H, A. POWER, Pr?ient.-Willis, arnsparqer; SecYj-:""StSilk Fibre Slipoverand Tuxedor- Sweaters :$5.00AThese Sweaters Can Be Had in the Much WantedShades.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS1 H"j t.ffiri.!" ifJtvilk'-- . . -- "-' - - -TT ?a- -fcrr-l?sj-cf ,A"P - t T -i &aeKML kS. " 1K-?-!k. - .A'-sUa, s. v- .N JK? - fj- -v , "3LJJ- T .Fv----r.5r -J-a - -S'S.X?'Jt."v!aKEemvm9mm.0-P1 --"-wi-'5 V 5&sTOE BpTURBON: NlWSk-PARISr KBNTETCKY-.s,.ramAYrsKm , ittfPAGE TWO.-. -f4mIf:itEli -fc ."THE BOURBON NEWSlet Uf 141 Years of Contuntoas Publicationj. r- S"T - - " JT i5trF&E81IVEBIA1I MAITCH1S5 ;&DEAWHTG CLOSEs:'pooEja&irftis-. '-.hlkked Every Tuesday and FridayAsT-Sear $2.006 Hontlis $1.00x -Fayable Cash in Advance.!4 CHAMP, Editor and Owner.The first step toward closer relations of the Northern and SouthernPresbyterian churches was put up tothe general assembly of the. Northernchurch, at Charleston, West Va., Saturday, when the general assembly ofthe Southern church adopted a "constitution of the Presbyterian Reformed churches of Aemrica."Notice of the actions-was sent theJCJstetered at the Paris, Kentucky,mmm as Mail Matter of thefleeond Class.)UXEOBEIGN EEPBESEHTA-TIVES.Hew York American Press AssoejUrtion. .Chicago Lord & Thomas.:PhiJdelphia N. W. Ayers & Son..Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson Co- Louisville Lowman-Mullican Co.Itseems to us that the everlastingmoan that goep up from newspapermen about the extreme poverty ofthe 'editor is a mighty tiresomething. One would think by whatsome ofthe brethren have to saythatihe newspaper business is asort of charity bureau andv poorfarm combined."A man who has trfed preachingv Important DeTaFlc r-A lot'ot pjeople 'make, the seriousmistake oi forgetting tljaj: it is necessary to have done something before itbecomes advisable to employ a pressagent.theinsession .atADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pernch for first time; &0 cents per inch-ach. subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line-ach issue; reading notices in blackype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisetsnents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-to decline any advertisement ormother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesiinust invariably be accompanied by-fehe cash.general assembly ofPresbyterian churchDes Moines.The election was taken in the formof a substitute for both the majorityand minority reports of the ad-in--Uerim r.ommiftee on closer relationsand adopted as a part of the electionof the Presbyterian Reformedchurches in America as approved injoint committee in Philadelphia lastFebruary.It was said that the action issimply one for closer relations between the Presbyterian church inHin united States, the Presbyterianchurches, U. "S. A., the .Reformedchurch in the United States, the Reformed church in America, and theUnited Presbyterian church. Itwould be an association of thesechurches, authorities pointed out,and not a unio'n of any two or all ofthem.Northern and failed, second-hand business andfailed, matrimonial bureau and fail-CHUDISH -FOOLISHNESSAny erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to the-attention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSj3.n gentle springtime many men.Are upset more or less,Ht may be love and then againJit may be biliousness.3fan is somewhat like -a sausage,Very smooth upon the skin,33ut you never can tell exactlyCHow much dog there is within.- "The well-dressed young woman"3ias nowadays, one learns, pajamas;made -of flesh colored crepe de chine"ith trimmings of Val lace androsebuds. She -never dreams of-wearing -in her walking hours anything so enveloping."The Grusty Old Paris 'Bachelorsays that another objection to wonen in business is when a dear irlfriend of yours gets into the life indurance business, or becomes manager of some institution" which you-care -compelled o patronize""" severaltimes a day.- ' Savannah, Ga., makes a bid forthe"lace as America's most progressivecity, having passed an ordinance-forbidding jazz music and jazz dancing. Shifters bound for that soutnern locality might as well shift theirHeet in some other direction. Allr3ionor "and glory to Savannah.TTDarwln declares that if it wererxiof' for the bumblebees- there would:eno clover, but that wouldn't console a Bourbon county farmer who- sat down to rest where the shades-of the oak spread over the clover,&nd got up at once and said overa,n.d over a word which has no place"JSiere." The trouble with Babe Ruth seemso-be that tliepublic has petted andjrovn sloppy over him to the pointjirwhere he has come to regard him-45elf as a privileged character. ButfLe Isn't. And it is those who have'4Bis4e an idol of him who are toi)laine for his swelled head," not" 3Bambino Babe!. It takes a clever installation oftelephone equipment to pick up,'-transfer and broadcast by radio theproceedings of a general meeting in"-a. large auditorium, but it was recently shown in New York that it--can be done. It may not be a great-while before anyone who will dropregular woric long enougn canlisten to the debates in Congress,- - -JA11 the world's broadcasting nowListen in., ffiear your neighbors in a row- x- Listen in."""Bear a concert down the line,X,ist white politicians whine' JbCight broadcast this lay of mine,Listen in.- 'It's the last of May, and the' honeysuckle fills the air with fra-ajcrance. It's the dying gasp of. May"- but the ripe strawberries fill arrman with bliss, like love's first kiss.' Ht, the last of May, and countlessaroses exaie a divine perfume. 'Tis.l!e last of May but now comes inJfme. tke month of bridal presents,j iret girl sraduate and presentsiZmmAJrulr June will be fraught witn"She doesn't speak to me." "Wehaven't spoken for year." Have youever heard such remaks? We knowpeople (but. they are darned few)who do not speak to each otherand yet they pass on the streets almost daily. vOh, how silly. A longtime ago there was a misunderstanding, anger flared', and the hatredwords were spoken. Then camesi-lence. Two head strong, stubborndays with their weight of sorrowand work piled into years and thegray hair crept over the sunnytresses. Still the women plod on,brushing their weary feet uponstones in life's pathway and theydron their eves as they pass in silence. Two head-strong, stubbernmen has a difference over a triflingsettlement and they .turn away fromeach other. The bonds of friendshipare broken and they never- speak asthey pass by. Oh, the shame of it.The world is so full of real troubleand they pass in silence. Each ismaking his fight against the heavyodds of time. Each is surely steadily trudging on to the end of theroad that his stubborn will keepshim from his old-time friend, andthey pass in silence. Life is tooshort to spend in nursing a grudge.We all make mistakes and hurt eachother at times. But, let's forget it.Make folks speak to you whetherjthey are -mad at you or not, and after while they'll get over their madness. Anyhow, you will have thefun of laughing at the fool whowon't fprvige and forget.ed, gets hold of a press and threefonts of type and procee'ds to advertise his poverty. He takes any oldthing "on subscription and poses asthe only unfortunate in the community. The painful partjof the affairis that these misguided and untutored mental deformities pose asnewspaper men.The newspaper business-is just asgood as any business if it run right.However, no man can make a successin the newspaper game by everlasting harping about his poverty. After a time the people will begin tolook upon his as an object of charityand not as a business man who paysfor what he gets and expects payfor his advertising. And the strangepart of itall is that these povertypleaders call themselves "journalists." Hades is full of journalists,( butone must travel some distance before the eye is gladdened with agenuine newspaper man a man whois making his business payj a manwho pays his bills, sticks by hisprinciples ana" stands square on hisfeet. Get out, you poverty moanersyou make me ill.FOR SALE-CHEAP--Household good, consisting ofChina Closets, Book Case, SingleIron Bed Stead, good Mattress, CoRugs, Children's Books, good Novels,Ladies' Side Saddle, property ofAnna Wilson. Can be seenrat residence "of J. A. Wilson, Mfc. AiryAvenue. (30-2t)NewandUsed FurnitureTrade in your old furniture onnew furniture. We handle both oldand new furniture.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.Home Phone"246, Cumb. Phone 402.(augl5-tf)HANK Ffl 111 Vwm m ssjPARIS, KY.Btf an Busintss Jan. 3, J9161-CAPITAL '$60,000.00- SURPLUS$26,000.00EGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted We pay the highestcash pride, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East Fourth, street. Home Phone190; Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf" W. 0. CROMBIE.OFFICERSFrank, P. Klier, President3. I. yfeathersr-Vice PresidentW. vil Mitchell, CashierJno. W. Yerkes, Asa't CashierDn Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper.. .5THE WEAK LINKThere was a "session" at the homeof a certain gentleman 'the othernight and among those present wasa married man wno nas a cnarminglittle daughter in his 'home. As thefickle goddess dallied first with oneand then with another of the wooersof fortune, the hours of the nightsped and the cold gray dawn appeared. Still the ambitious seekers of fortune dallied at the table. It wasbreakfast hour when the party finally broke up and this particular.gentleman finding the wife anddaughter in the dining room whenhe arrived at home, tiptoed to hisbed chamber ana taking off his coatand unbuttoning his collar made hiswav to the "breakfast table in hisusual manner. He stood at his placefastening his "tie with all the appearance of innocence, intending toconvey the impression mat ne naajust arisen from ,a night's sleep. Hews congratulating himself on hiscleverness when the little daughterexclaimed: "Why, Papa, what yougot your overshoes on for?". oWAE MEMOEIALSFOR RENTThe restaurant at. the corner ofPleasant and Tenth streets, is forrent. For terms, etc., seeTHOMAS A'HEARN.(mayl6-tf)JUNE 30. 1921' Everything in thePtint and Varnish,line nothing but- the bestGET OURPRICESVarden &SonDruggistsNOTICELawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Scissors and knives ground.We weld and repair all metals incommon use and do general machinerepair work.SAMUEL KERSLAKE & SON.(apr 21-tf,PERSONNEL AND COMPENSATION IN MANUFACTURE.-iiiisA table of considerable significance published by the Departmentof Labor shows that in 1918 therewere 290,111 manufacturing establishments in the country, an increase of 5.2 per cent, over the1914 figure. Salaried employes in1915 numbered 1,447,761, an increase of 50.1 per cent in 1914 andwage earners-9,098,119, an increaseof 29.3 per cent, in the same period.While per capita salaries increased,only 50 per cent, during the fiveyear period, per capita wages-doubledin that time. In 1914 salariedemployes received 24 per cent, ofthis total, but in 1919, despite the50 per cent, increases alike in theirnumber and their per capita earnings, they received only 21.5 percent of Ihe total. The corresponding percentages applying to wageearners were 76 in 1914 and 78.5 in1919. -Administratrix Notice !All persons having claims aginstthe estate of James' Alfred Kenney,deceased, are requested to presentsame properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned Administratrix, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said James Alfred Kenney, deceased, are hereby notified to call onthe undersigned Administratrix, andmake prompt and full settlement ofsuch indebtedness.MAGGIE WALLER,Admx. James Alfred Kenney, Dec'd.(23-3wks)Hail insuranceRates ReducedWith'the recent M 1.iSBir on loDaccosurance rates ongrowing tobacco, in the face of the enormous losses togrowers within the last four or five years, every growercan afford to protect himself to the limit and, withsafety, go into the business of producing a crop thatrequires somuch money, time and labor, as does tobacco, that should be insured against loss by hail storms.Now that so many growers have gone into an organization fora more economical, business-Jike way of handling their crops,and the insurance companies have so lowered rates on nailinsurance, there is no reason in the world for any grower toneglect the protection of his crop by ample insurance.Better see your insurance agent right away and have him protect your crop, which is likely to be destroyed any day by ahail storm. Policies become effective noon, July 10th.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so thaT you can beyour own good self again?,It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radfo-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. TMIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oDON'T FOBGET TO EEGISTEE INJULYAll Democrats should bear in mindthat July 10 and 11 will be registration days and that every Democrat in every precinct in every county will have to register in order tovote in the future. If you fail toregister you will lose your vote.Democrats are urgedv to begin nowto advertise this important matter.Every time you meet a Democrat remind him of the two days. Pollswill be open in each precinct in thecounty juat the same as on electionday. "When you register once youdo not "have to register again unlessyou move from the precinct. Don'tHenry J. Haskell, of the-KansasCity Star, in World's Work, -says:"Every war produces its memorials. A nation's gratitude to its defenders naturally expresses itself inpermanent symbols. Their typesuggests the general culture of theperiod. As for instance the CivilWar statues that dot the countrythe soldier on guard in cap andcape; the ornate conventional shaft.It would be possible to write a fairlyadequate commentary on Americancultural development from a studyof the statues and monuments inWashington."One of the important influencesin the artistic growth of the UnitedStates in the next few years will bethe sort of memorials that willcommemorate the devotion of themen who served in the World War."USEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond' paper and absolutely lintless.THE -BOURBON NEWS,DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEQUICKFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALCU1AL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BABBEBS-CModern EquipmentExpert ind Polite Service -HOT AND COLD BATHSbrighter;EVENINGSINTERURBAN TIMETABLLParis toLexingtonLexingtonTo Paris7:058:059:0510:0511:0512:05l':052:053:05a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.. m.p m.p. m.a. m.6i007:008:009:00a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. n,6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. ni.Just History,&Cash Pare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54cCommutation . 52 trip monthly book,-$12.00 Ticketi, tingle trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all pelnti at reduced rates;Im 7IThe Colonial BameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She Greeted her guestsBy Coal; Oil light.And later on,How time does natsHex home was litBy flickering Gas.But the rirl of to-daTWhojwantt her home bright, jJust-presses a buttonAnji-has Electric Light..lAPSJIN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified qual--ityef our assistance.i .1SWiiiiMiiiiiiiiii4iiiiMHiiimiiriirimitMWe Handle Alt Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesElectricIWashin-Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll SizesC and Prices. Gas Logs and Gratesf That are Yery Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICER . . " iiuaiu trarrr gtmm fiiHsrr umicr i innmran iAcnoir naf PariGM & Electric Co. -s ,; ; ;i .. rr ww Ar - .-.?.--. i evtiffffVTTn iiiiiii.iii iii.i iimiiiii wwwww imiiit'-ntimiT vken Uft biiu-come m:forget this.rorgei tms. m - .(decf-tr) - t ' w- I- 1' "TH .. ja , vA -- - Sassgoatts -I-ljtTHE FISH YOU CATCHIn the vacation weeks now athand thousands of amateur cooks onconoe and camping tripsaall try tocook a dinner in the open, and spoileverything; including the fire.Others will he more successful. Theywill succeed in cooking somethingafter a fashion, if only it is theirknuckles.Hopes of these cooks .and thosefor whom they cook center on a frying pan and fresh-caught fish. Therecipe which followa-Jiere will behelpful:Put a pail o? water on the fire.Clean the fish witnout scalingthem. Put them into the waterwhile it is boiling. Let them boilTf- nr fViroo mimifroe TTion mmiwinu vx wiww miuubvui a. xx xx uuui ieasier and quicker than the ordinarymethod. The fish will be of betterflavor, and more thoroughly cooked.The salt should be put in the waterin which they are first boiled.If the fish are too big to go intothe pail whole, cut them into "twoor three pieces. Everyone expectsconfidently that his fish will be toolarge to go into the pail whole. Halfthe pleasure is in that anticipation.But well-cooked food adds greatly tothe pleasure of any outing.oFalling of Mankind.:rWe,d git along better," said UncleEben, "If de average man was as anxious to do his share of de work as heIs to hold up his end of a quarrel."ECZEMA!Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap),fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Rineworm.Tetterorotherltch-inff skin diseases. Try thietreatment at our risk.iVARDEIT SON,Paiis, Ky.EXCURSIONCincinnati, 0.,And Return Via$2.00 L. & N. $2.00Further Reduction For Children,Sunday, June. 4, 1922Special train will leave Paris 8:20-a. m., returning will leave FourthStreet Station, Cincinnati, 6:30 p.-m.. Central Standard Time. (7:30 n.m., City Time.) For further inf or-mation, consult Local Ticket Agent.(may26-3t)off the hot water and fill the pail , YacaLlon camps exist wrun tne exwith cold water, so that the partly ' elusive memberships and tuition intocooked fish may be handled. the hundreds of dollars Camp Roose-The skin then can be separated j velt continues to operate on theinto its -natural divisions, and alljPre-war basis of little oyer a dollarthe bones removed. The boneless 'a day per cadet. The balance necsections then" should" be rolled inJ esary for the maintenance of thiscornmeal and fried. I large institution is supplied by.pub-This seems complicated. But it is'nc-snirited Chicaero citizens, who&?m.ship your POULTRY and CALVESPJ ' 'Ml1 w wL'JvMIn buMlnesM in CimmLxaMti tince 168$If you ship by truck insist on delivery- to us.?llHIlllllllJFKT..lrrwvvll.,WH,WJTWllBMBR- lsK sTiiytfvHvr ) BBBsm-lBBBBU9SSBBBSaaSffiBHlBaBBBBBBBSBsBBk-BBBBBlipMfi; sysssssMSssMSxSsssssssssssaassssflsrlsssM :a softsBe Careful ...when yovk sV.-iInvest Your MoneyWhen you are figuring on makin g an investment weinvite you to come and consult one of our officers BEFOREyou part with your good money.We will gladly give you the benefit of our long experience in analyzing the safety and value of investments.Don't place faith in a stranger if .his proposition was asgood as he says it is Banks would buy it?Feel free to come in and consult us whether you haveany money in our bank or not.We will welcome your accountsPeoples Deposit Bank TrustlALL ABOABD TOE CAMP EOOSE-VELTTwenty-five dollafs for threeweeks, is what it costs a boy to attend Gamp Roosevelt, conducted under the auspices of the ChicagoBoard of Education, near LaPorte,Indiana, and open to boys during thesummer from all parts of the country. Enrollments early in May indicate the national reputations thiscamp has built up, and applicationsand inquiries are pouring into theHeadquarters from every State inUnion. The reason is plain. It isopen to any American boy of goodcharacter from the age of 12years up. "While scores of private- - c;, ,yearly contribute the needed funds.Major F. L. Beoles, U. S. A., commanding the camp, is in personaltouch with all boys under hischarge. They respect and admirehim as a leader of the highest calibre, a friend and counsellor ratherthan a stern, unapproachable commander. His long experience in boyeducation has made him an idealhead for such a big, democraticAmerican institution, and he is never too busy to go thoroughly intoeach individual's case.CATARRHCatarrh Is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions.HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE is aTonic, taken internally, and acts throughthe blood upon the mucous surfacesof the system. HALL'S CATARRHMEDICINE assists Nature in restoringnormal conditions.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo, Ohio.INSISTS ON SHIP SUBSIDYPresident Harding has made itclear that he expects the presentRepublican. Congress to enact a shipsubsidy measure. The American-merchant ships are eating up nearlya million dollars- a week in netlosses, and the Administration feelsthat this can not continue indefinitely without stirring up a countrywide protest. The subBidy contemplates positive assurances from private corporations that thy willikeep the stars and stripes flying onthe ocean, and while the subsidvU be expensive affair it willnot be solely a luxury, since itguarantees not only increased shipping, but the extension of our foreign commerce. This is the viewtaken by the Administration, andto carry out its program the Re-i Publican party is asked to guaranteeJ about forty millions of dollars ayear for the subsidy.W want hens, old roosters, young chickensall sizes, ducks, turkeys, geese, guineas,capos and squabs. Ship any quantity anyday, oalves any day but Saturday. Highestprices, accurate weights, preopt remittances assured.Write for tags and poultry coops.SIMMONS Sc NORRIS3 to7 W. Water St. CtaclBaati, Okie.Mrs. C. F. Terry, of Glasgow, isa guest of her cousin, Mrs. W. B.Ellis. -. Mrs. M. E. McCurdy will leavethis week for a visit to relatives inTalladega, Ala.Miss Olive Chambers has returned from a vacation visit to. friendsin TJincinnati.Miss Anna Harper has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Bethel, Ky.' Mrs. Ora Linville, of "Cincinnati,is a guest, of Mr. and Mrs. HarryLinville, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Bagbywere recent visitors to friends inCovington and Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Harp havereturned to their" home in Winchester afte,r a visit to friends and relatives in Paris.Misses Margaret and ClaraHighland, of Covington, are guestsof Mrs. Ada Ely, at her home onParrish avenue.--Dr. D. S. Henry is in Berea,where he is planning 'to puton an auction sale 61 building lots inthe near future.George Hall, of Mt. 01iyet7 isvisiting his daughter, Mrs. ClaudeChappell, and Mr. Chappell, at theirhome in this city.Dr. and Mrs. H. B Thomas havereturned to their home in Dayton,Ohio, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Charles P. Bales, of Second street.Mrs. Hallie E. Pope, superintendent of the Henry county schools,was a recent visitor at the home ofher brother, Rev. W. E. Ellis, andMrs. Ellis. -"Miss Josephine Hayden will return next week from Indianapolis,Ind., where she has been a memberof the faculty of the State Institutefor the Blind.t Win. McDuffie and daughter,Miss Daisey, -have returned to theirhome in Cincinnati, after a visit tothe former's sister, ,Mrs. GranvilleThomas, in this city.Miss Mildred Collier will leavethis afternoon for Blue Ridge,North Carolina, where she will "attend the National Conference of theYoung Womans -Christian Association. Matt Thornton, former residentof Yaris, now auditor of" the Buskirk-Maynes Lumber Co., of Cincinnati,stopped overto visit Paris friendsand relatives this week. Mr. Thornton was en route South on a motortrip.Sherman H. Snapp, of Cincinnati, spent several days this weekas guest of his mother, Mrs. AliceSnapp.. Mr. Snapp is manager ofthe Cincinnati branch office of theRoyal Baking Powder Co.Mrs. Louis Rogers has returnedfrom Rochester, Minn., where sheaccompanied her sister, Mrs. E. S.Dorian, of- Memphis, Tenn., to theMayo Bros.' Hospital, for treatment.Mrs. Dorian underwent a serious operation at the Hospital, arid is nowimproving nicely.(Other Personals on Page 5)AN ODE TO A PERFECT SPRINGKIn all our recollection we havenever seen a spring like this ofsunshine and shower, lor flowers andfruit, for grass and grain, for manand beast. It has been both -anearly and a late spring, so earlythat" the grasses and"the wheat arefar advanced. There is a perfectstand of wheat and it has grown sorapidly under ideal season conditions that an abundant harvest andan unusually early one is foreshadowed. Due to its fine limestone formation Jn the soil Bourbon county 1has better tieids of clover than havebeen seen in many a day and thetimothy is vleing with-the clover inluxurious growth.The danger point for the fruitcrop has passed, and there is a certainty of an enormous crop 'of-peaciies, apples, pears -and all thesmall fruits. The n stores alreadygive evidence 'that we are to have abountiful crop of strawberries.Cora, wliich -5s still king in Bourboncounty, has Tjeen practically allplanted nea-rly two weeks earlierthan last year, and with the groundIn perfect .condition for the seedingand the early -germination. Tobaccois "being set out, and this is at 'leastthree weeks earlier than last season,which insures, Tinder favorable conditions, a oetter quality and a better color.Providence has "been on the side ofthe farmer, and the gloom is passing away from his face, to be superceded by a smile that is as bright:and as nopeful as these My daysThe earth looks beautiful with itsgreen pastures, its waving wheatand clover, and with the fruit treesbending under their loads of promised fruitage. Everything is perfect in its class, and if the Lord ofthe harvests will give us a summerto match this wonderful spring wewill have prosperity and plenty.And, in passing, we would also remark that the fishing is good, andwill be better as the days, go by.For all of which we -are duly thankful. z.UiMsoWiv Jbcpntlv in Kurdistan.WirM in Kufdirtah .have to. beouf ht . Smral thousand dollars willpid for ft dml of high birth andittractlYe'ii?MC; and hef,fmthrliU BwaUVfxpect to 'b iven -.tajtif :tartan, a dobt and sosm: coitrjr chanirM idGOOD NEWS5Many Paris Beaders Have Heard Itand Profited Thereby"Good news travels fast,' andthe many bad . back sufferer in,Paris are glad to .Learn where reliefmay be found. Many a lame, weakand aching back is bad --rid more,thanks to-Doan's Kidney Pills. Ourcitizens are telling the good news oftheir experience with this testedremedy. riere-is an example worthreading:Mrs. J. T. Martin. 1024 'Mainstreet, Paris says: "I fell and &ceived an injury which left my kidneys in a weakened condition. Isuffered severely and 'although Itook different remedies nothing gaveme a bit "of relief. My back achedand pained until I thought it wouldbreak and sharp twinges . of painshot through my kidneys. In oneweek after taking JDoan's KidneyPills I felt like a different womanand I still take them when I feelmy kidneys need a tonic." (State-"ment given February 17, 1908.)On November 12, 1920, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills arecertainly all they are claimed to beand I recommend them just asstrongly to-day as I did many yearsago. I gladly confirm .my formerstatement." ;Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)'. oTHE CSNE BIDGE FUND- The fund being raised for the restoration and preservation of thehistoric old Cane Ridge church andgrounds, is being augmented eachweek by contributions from localpeople and others outside. the Statewho are interested in the movement.J. Will Thomas, treasurer of thefund, received a letter this weekfrom Mrs. James W.' Douthitt, ofBedford, Indiana, enclosing a checkfor a good sum as a contributionfrom the Houston Family Organization of that city. ,In her letterMrs. Douthitt wrote feelingly of oldassociations and memories clingingabout the old Cane Ridge vicinity,and expressed a hope that the sumnecessary to effect a complete restoration of the" old church wouldsoon be secured.Dr.WaddellsFile RemedyDon't Suff er-Don't be Operatedm vntil yoo hav tried Dr. Wadddl'sfile Remedy. Absolutely hunkta. Guarif a nil to tire absolute satisfaction ortummy refunded. $1.50 per botftle at yourIf not write us.IrwExktftlm wis'MedcmeCo.ISmitlisCroVe.KyJAN APPEAL FOR JUSTICEAfter several weeks of most unpleasant rivalry between Mr. Espa Mace (red" bus) and! myself CyeE"Tow bus) and although having unjustly suffered a heavy loss and feeling that I am entitled to, the line- -which I built up after several months at quite an expense, I applied to Mr. Mace for justice and reason ,proposing to forgive and forget the past and for us to work out a change of schedule in good will andUl; .narmony In the presence of witnesses he shook hand and promised to bury the hatchet, and thus made ,me believe tnat our past troubles had come to an end . I then offered him the use of our Paris Waiting ,KoonTand my friendly co-operation if he would agree to let his bus leave Paris about the same time that our-,,- ,bus leaves Mt Sterling and vice versa. This would give the public a perhaps needed and double service, V;"and would test the need of a second bus on this line. However, unwilling to accept, such a fair and li-eral offer on iny part, he persists in his former intentions to ruin me (if possible by running his (red) bux.a few minutes ahead of my schedule. "Our "bus will operate in the future as before under tne gemai management oi toDert JNixon, on in .old schedule (until advertised further), and at the old and reasonable rates. Please ignore any'schednjput out last, week. . . ': .5-- We will ask our patrons to be at waiting points from 5 to 10 minutes ahead of schedule, as at timea.in order to protect our interests our bus may leave a little ahead of schedule. Remember. The Sunday. .morning bus leaves Mt. Sterling on daily. schedule 6:45 a. m. and Paris 8:45 a. m. The midday tripia--notmade on Sundays. I again ask you good people o stand by me as ou have done during the Prt,..and let your actions show that the masses stand for "fair play." We shall conduct our business in a Christtian-lilce spirit, with good will toward all, telling the truth without slinging of'mud, and we are willing- toleave our success in your hands. - - " '---cr a ,v.r, Manilla aa in whioh bus shall stay on the line.Freca.ReoWe Have a Large Stock of Monuments on- -'. ' Hand Ready to Deliver- We have reduced the prices on those on hand and we guarantee ta gfre quality and.better xricei thin anyone from anywhere. Come and see and be convinced; -No-dpK-f nf Vi mm. nneei." 3 'x xth' lam: tjtejfA t. IaS?i"Av" s5 &thW 'Tf:t itiV-f.4L'iQ-'-u--- '-..i iiiMiiiiiiiMMimiiimiiiMiiiiniiVaE-..-HBBBBe .as?THE UNIVERSAL CAR8 X-Down TheyLowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe v history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16, 122tChassisRunabout..Touring CarTruck Chassis..Coupe v.Sedan(F. O. B.RUGGLESIMOTOR COMPANYLEVYTheIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KIND- OF DRY CLEANING?For Your PorchPotted FernsLovely Swinging Fern BasketsJOHN GHRISMAN CO.FLORISfsNineteenth St., Near Main Both- PhonesFive-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station messages is,FIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents ov leas. . .USE H0MEL0NG DISTANCEParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co." IncorporatedYours very "truly,Comfort Bus Line (Yellow Bus.)'5--i'JZ. &m&"Vv eckesser i"- ...JZLiGo Again- 319- fc.......:..?... 348 fc:..,.... 430 fv....f..:......... 580..DETROIT)Dry Cleanerii-ftt-El Rwis. Ky.-":.&TO2.4" fytcmmm -"a". J r- tr- .-,- - rT-- tr -r-flamflLfttffifi?:--L - -i-- r2r T?v&r - 4''V3'C'3:xi:-J' ItjV. -"XTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKY--FRroAY, JUNE 2,. 1922PAGE FOURffrIMPROVEMENT NOTESreThe "work of improving and' pairing the Lilleston avenue bridge,"which was damaged several daysago when a heavily-loa'cled motor-truck went through the floor, is untor way. The work is beingdoneunder the supervision wof Street Supervisor Fred M. Fister. The bridgelias been in, bad condition for sometime.The city and countyar e jointlyrepairing the. bridge on Secondstreet, over Houston creek; theihridge over Stoner creek at the footof lain street, and the one at thewest end of Eighth street. Thework of repairing Main street, between Fourteenth and Twentiethstreets, will begin about July 1.Plans for the erection of a $15,000residence on the farm of J, H. Bell,seven miles out on the Hawkins andCummins pike, have been drawn by"W. K. Hagan, local architect, andwork on the building is under way.This is to be a modern countryhome, with lights, water, furnaceheat and a refrigerating plant.Handsome new residences in thecity are in process of erection forC. 1. Steenbergen, on Pleasantstreet street; W. S. Arnsparger, onMain street, and M. B. IcCurdyon Pleasant street. Numerous otherresidences are going up or will bebuilt during the summer.The City Council, under theleadership of Mayor January, liasauthorized the construction of someform of hard surface street on Mainstreet from Fourteenth street to"Twentieth street, the city limits.The contract for the work cannot xbelet until the beginning of the newfiscal year, July 1, because thefunds for street improvement forthe current year have been expended. The paving will be taken careof out' of the regular funds to rushthe work to completion as rapidly aspossible after the contract is let.REAL ESTATE DEALSHugh Alexander sold this weekto Wm. Farris a vacantlot on Tenthstreet, near passenger station of L.& N. at' reported price of $3,000cash. Jt is said Mr. Farris willerect a two-story brick business andapartment building on the lot, andthat the construction work will bestarted soon.The new frame bungalow of Mr.and Mrs. Will S. Arnsparger, onSouth Main street, is rapidly approaching the -Completion stage, andwill soon be ready for occupancy.The home will be- a commodious oneof the most modern type.Harris, Speakes & Harris, Paris realtors, sold at public auction Wednesday, the home of S, Bt Onkst, Jocated on Winchester streetHenry Sledd, for $3,485.REIMOUS TA. Kescme of Events In ReligionsCircles For Present and .FutureMRS'. FRANCIS ASKS FOR $350,500 IN SUITMrsr- Laura Francis, of Paris, hasfiled a suit in the Circuit Court atRichmond, asking damages in thesum of $350,000 from County JudgeJohn D. Goodloe, of Richmond, asthe result 'of his alleged failure toprobate the will of her husband,Lewis E. Francis. Mrs. Francisclaims she will'be forecd to go without money from her husband's estate until the October term of theMadison Circuit Court. The petitionsays: "This humiliates and injuriesmy business standing, for which Ipray $350,000 damages." Mrs. Francis employed no attorney, but drewup her own petition. This is said tobe the biggest damage suit ever filedm a Madison court.FERTILIZER.-HAVE JUST RECEIVED CARLOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GRADE REDSTEER BRAND FERTILIZER FORTOBACCO. PRICE LOWEST INSEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYS TOUSE ITBRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(niar21-tf)SING THE LAIEST"Sweet Dreams of You," "Trixie,""Shady Lane," "Me For You,""Cherry Time," 25c each; all 6beautiful big song hits $1.ENTERPRISE MUSIC CO.,(June 2-6) Cincinnati, O.Health Board Notice!Notice To Patrons Who Sell Milk InThe City of ParisParis, Ky., June 2, 1922.Complying with the recent orderof the City Council, as well as aState and Federal law, that all cowsfurnishing milk ,f or commercial purposes must be given the. tuberculin;testr you arer hereby notified thatsuch "tests will be made by State orFederal officials, beginning probablyabout June 5 or 6, 1922.For the initial test no fee will berequired. Registration with the CityHealth officer, giving name and address of owner, and number of cows,must in no instance be -withheld.Call at the office of Dr. A. H. Keller,City Health Officer, Rooms 5 and 6,in the Masonic Building, between thehours of 9:30 and 11:00 a. m., and1:30 and 3:30 p. m. Registrationshould begin immediately followingthe notice. Those failing to complywith the above order will be subjectto the provisions of the law.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order of The Board.(me2-6)PROCRASTINATION ISOF TIMEA THIEFNOW IS THE TIME YOU SHOULDBUY THAT BUILDING AND LOANSTOCK.PEOPLES' BUILDING AND, LOAN. ASSOCIATION, INC.G. W. WILDER, Pres.F. W. GALLOWAY, Sec.(30-2t)oThe June meeting of the Christian Women's Board of Missions ofthe Paris Christian church will beheld in the church parlors this (Friday) afternoon, at three o'clock. Itwill be "President's Day," and therewill be Installation of officers.The 'old union of the BaptistYoung Peoples' -Union will hold asocial meeting in. the basement ofthe Baptist church this (Friday)evening at 7:30 o'clock. A11 members are urged to be present.StT Peter's Episcopal church,JRev. Walter S. Cain, rector. Sundayscnbdl at 9:35 a. m.; morningprayer and sermon at 10:45. At themorning service the baccalaureatesermon to the graduating class ofthe Paris High School will bepreached. A cordial invitation isextended to, worship with us.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Clintonville Christian,church will meet nex,t Tuesday, June6, at the home of Mrs. Gano Hildreth. All the members -are requested to be present.The annual revival' meeting inthe Paris Baptist church, 'will begin on Sunday, June 11, with thepastor, Rev. Arthur Fox, in chargeof the services. The music will bein charge of Singing EvangelistsJ. Fred Schofield'and Mrs. Schofield.These meetings will be for everybody, and everyone is extended acordial invitation to attend.At the Methodist church nextSunday the theme of the pastor,Rev. C. H. Greer, at 10:45 a. m., willbe "Christ and the Children," andat 7:30 p. m. he will preach on"Large Results From Little Investments." The Sunday school willmeet at 9:30 a. m., with classes anda glad welcome for all, and the Epworth League will hold its regularservice at 6:45 p. m. Everyone invited to worship with us.oFOUR PERFECT SCORES INMUSIC MEMORY TESTBIRTHSHANDSOME COUNTRY' HOKE-$ .Duxvixxixr uuw.ii i.The handsome country home ofIke S. Wilmott, located about onemile from Hiutchison,r near theBourbon-Fayette line, was entirelydestroyed Wednesday afternoon, byfire of unkffown origin, togetherwith practically all its contents.There was no one at home at thetime the fire broke out, Mrs. Wilmott being ill in a Lexington hospital, and her husband being atwork on a distant part of the farm.The fire was discovered by trainmenand passengers on a passing L. &N. train, who alarmed the neighborhood. Neighbors responded, andsucceeded in saving some articles offurniture from one room.The house was one of the oldestin the county, but has recently beenremodeled and equipped - with allmodern conveniences, and was in anexcellent state of preservation Theproperty loss was' estimated at about$12,000, with insurance of $2,000.oFire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS, WOODFORD fcBRYANo -WAIL PIASTERMr. and Mrs. Morris E. Guttman are receiving congratulationsupon the advent of a fine daughter,weight 74 pounds, born Tuesdaynight at the Masssie Memorial Hospital. Mr. Guttman was so elatedWednesday morning that he hardlyknew whether he was still connected with The Leader Store, ornot.The stork paid a visit on thenight of Monday, May 29, to thehome of Mr. and Mrs. George C.Thompson, Jr., near Allensville,Ala., and left in theTr care a littledaughter to gladden the householdin the days to come. Mrs. Thompson was-before her marriage MissMatilda James, daughter of Mrs?Mollie James, of Paris. Mr. andMrs. Thompson are receiving- congratulations. xDr. and Mrs. William M. VanSlyke, of Gouveneur, New York, arethe happy parents -of a daughter,weight 7 pounds, born at theirhome in that citv on May 19. Thelittle daughter has been namedBarbara Ann VanSlyke. The motherwas formerly Miss Gertrude Slicer,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A.s L.Slicer, of Paris.Yesterday, to the wife of Geo.W. Brown, at their home nearJacksonville, a daughter, their second child.Mr and Mrs. Hiram Roseberryare receiving congratulations overthe arrival of a son at their home.The little man has been named Hiram Montgomery Roseberry. Mrs.Roseberry was formerly Miss AliceRogers Clay, daughter of Mrs. MayStoner ''Clay, and the late Sidney G.Clay, and a granddaughter of Mrs.Sarah W. Clay, who died at herhome in Lexington, Monday.Announcement has been made ofthe winners in the music memorycontest, which: has been conductedin Paris during the past five weeks.Four of these contestants madegrades of one hundred per cent., andwere awarded prizes of $5.00 each.The awards were made as follows:Mary Elizabeth Stewart, senior;Mary. Graham Williams, junior;Bryan C. Redmon, . eighth grade;Nancy-Carroll Baldwin, fifth grade.Other prize winners are, Mary Mc-Williams, senior, 99 1-3, a pin; Harriet Kerslake, eighth grade, 99 1-3,vanity case; Lucy Ray Williams,freshman, 98, silk hose; Ida " LeeWheeler, freshman, 96, silk hose;Elsie Duncan Morrison, freshman,95 2-5, Columbia records; KittieYoung, sophomore, 94, graphophonerecords, Susan' Howard, eighthgrade, 93 1-3," two Red Seal records;Ethel Shanklin, sophomore, 92 1-3,Pathe records; Cromwell Cleveland,eighth grade, 91 1-3, flashlight-jSam Kerslake, fifth grade, two Redbeai records.At the final recital the entire pro"gram was given by Miss EllenBlandmg and Miss Carrie Kidd,both of Lexington, who contributedtheir services.Self-service special bargains. Every item sold the self-service way isa special item.- Every price quotedis a special price, in fact, every dayis a bargain day.Window screens, 24-in. high, 69c,palso some in 30 and 36-in. high, -at aslight advance; alb sizes screendoors at moderate prices; galvanizedwash tubs, No. 0, heavy weight, 49c;corn stick pan, o9c; hanging flowerbaskets, 35c; aluminum tea spoons,6 for 24c; no-stoop dust pans, 19c;colonial ice tea glasses, 9c; cedar oilpolish, 35c quality, 10c; the 50cquality at 25c a bottle; A. P. W.satin, toilet paper, 2,500 sheets in aroll, 39c a roll; brilliant varnishstains in light oak, golden oak, darkoak, mahogany, in quart 'cans, 69c;tangle-foot fly paper, 12 sheets for10c; Daisy fly killers, 18c; windowshades (standard size), green andtan, only 59c..The Pride of Paris"JUST THREE DAYSFRIDAY--SATURDAY--M0NDAYDOLLAR DAYS'andSPECIAL REDUCTIONSrTfft-BADEi'I.'MbPARIS KENTUCKYv (rJvrv.-'GEORGETOWN ORCHESTRA CONCERT AT P. H. S. TO-NIGHTConcert to-night, High School Auditorium, at 8:15 p. m., GeorgetownCollege Orchestra. Five first viol inthree second violins, bass violin,clarinet, flute, French horn, twocornets, saxaphone, bells and tympani, drums and piano. Male quartette, two soloists and monologistr-oBOURBON GUN CLUBV ' f.We held our regular shoot Wednesday afternoon. On account of somany of our boys being busy gathering blue grass seed, only sixteenwere out. However, all enjoyedthemselves, and six perfect scoreswere turned in. Two trophies werehung up, the first one, an electriciron, donated by the Paris Gas VElectric Company, was won by J. c.ivenney; the second one, a box ofcigars donated by Beneditti & Company, was won by Amos TurneyScores:A Shot At Brokea. a. .fermns 150J. L. Dodge 150Ben Hisle 100Fred Burgin .100Sam Clay 100Dr. R. R. McMillan . . ! 100J. C. Kenney 80Amos Turney " . . 80J. R. Pendleton 75Richard Jones. . . 7. . . 75J. W. Bell .' . . 75Wm. Ardery, Sr 75Wm. Ardery, Jr 75C. Buckner 75Cl K. Thomas 50Roxie Davis 5020' Guage.ROXIE DAVIS, Sect.11798959392917978706461544130Just received a carload of wallplaster and hydrated lime. SpeedPortland Cement always in stock.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO. (2-tf)THE FAIRFOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAYTHE FAIRSPECIALSFor One- Week17 cakes P. & G, Soap and 1 package StarNaptfya Washing Powder for $ 1 .OO40 cakes Lenox Soap and 1 package StarNaptha Washing Powder for 47c5 cakes Sweetheart Soap : r24cPajjn Olive Soap Sc 2 f or 1 S cSun Brite Cleanser. . , 05cOld Dutch Cleanser V. . 10cIvory Soap Flakes .- .05cOld Potatoes, peck -r 40cNew potatoes, pound 1 5cGreen Beans, pound ." , -7. ....... 1 0cTexas Dried Onions, old, pound '..lOcNew Onions, Bunch . 05cNew Tomatoes, pound 20cCucumbers 05cIvory Salt, box......v .... -:....'.... lOcPARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, ManagerTHE ECONOMY STOREFour Special Bargains for Friday,Saturday and Court Day$1 .75 Value Mens Overalls$1.2585c Value Mens Athletic Union Suits$1 .50 Value Men's tiorsehide Gloves$1.00 Value Men's Leather GlovesU. S. Army Gloves Included in This Lot.THE ECONOMY STOREJACK J. COHAN NEXT TO PIGCLY WIGGLYDO YOU WANT TOKNOWWhether You are Going to BeA Success or Not?YOU CAIN EASILY FIND OUTBTJICK CAE TURNEDWhile en route from Paris to theBrutus Wheat farm- on the Bethlehem pike the Buick car in whichMrs. James Connelly and' her Droth-er-inlaw, JJeo. Bell Ray, were riding, caught fire. . from sonwunexplained cause, and was destroyed.3The-occupants escaped uninjured butgtr -powMMMto extimcuWfc the'UCan You or Can You NotSave Money?If ou cannot save money you willlose out. You-may not think so butthe seed of success is not in you. Ifyou have not been saving money, whynot start an account in our June serieswhich opens Saturday?ry -2vV46-3.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationHA. POWER, PrtsidcitWILL S. ARNSPAKGER, Sttrttary:ftr.&1 im. The car was insured.xJf.m- -r-. V" U -S"sA- "-. , .'. - -.- ilSfeArff-.. FRIDAY, :UNE. 2, 1922 -'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE 1VTEliyWr0m'"GIFTS THAT LAST"PERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonEnow and Others YonDonYOUR PALM BEACHES ABE EIGHTRight in style, right in price,right in quality.J. -W. DAVIS & CO. ,ATTENTION, BUYERS!Call and inspect our stock andprices at the Turner & Claytonstand. Complete line of groceries',vegetables and iruits. Your patronage appreciated.h . TATJL & SON.Phones Tenn. 872, Home 399.TO MEET IN OWINGSVILLEAt the monthly meeting of the-mnp arass League of CommercialOrganizations held at Georgetown,it was decided to hold the Junemeeting, in Owingsville. Representatives of the Paris CommercialClub attended the meeting.oGEORGETOWN ORCHESTRA CONCERT AT P. H. S. TO-NIGHTConcert to-night, High School Auditorium, at 3:15 p. m., GeorgetownCollege Orchestra. Five first violins,three second violins, bass violin,clarinet, flute, French horn, two cornets, saxaphone, bells, and tympani,drums and piano. Male quartette,two soloists and monologist.BOY SCOUTS GIVE SNIPE HUNTTO-BAYThe Bourbon County Boy Scoutswill meet at the Y. M. C. A. building at five o'clock this (Friday)afternoon, to take part in their firsthike of the season. A "snipe hunt"will be the special feature of theouting. Billy Wilson will be the"head sack-holder." After the snipeMrs. Mary Weathers Haley isvisiting relatives in Covington.Simon B. Lary, of Jackson,Louisiana, is a guest of relatives inthis city and county.Mrs. Watt Peters, mother ofMrs Harry. James, of Paris, is visiting relatives in Owingsville..The Clintonville Dancing Clubhas discontinued its series of dancesarranged for" the summer evenings.Mrs. P. L. Grove, of Salem, 0.f,is visiting Mr. and Mrs. Charles W.Heck, at their home on High street.Mrs. George Nippert, of Cincinnati, and Miss Alice 'Foley, of Danville, are guests of Dr. and Mrs.William Kenney.Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Alexanderand daughter have returned from" avisit to Charles Talley and family,in Flemingsburg.Miss Rebecca Purnell and EdithBarlow have returned from Margaret Hall, Versailles, to spend theirsummer vacation.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Shea andMrs. Sam Mackey were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Fitzgerald, in Winchester.John Bradley,, of Dayton, Ohio,is a guest of his daughter, MissSarah Bradley, at the home of JamesBradley, Sr., on Higgins avenue.Mrs. Rankin Mastin and baby,Norma Mae, have returned from avisit to Mrs. Mastin's parents, Mr.and Mrs. W. J. Huffman, in Covington. Mrs. Bert Wilson, Mrs. LloydNelson and. Mrs. F. M. Nelson havereturned to their home in Winchester after a visit to Paris frjends andrelatives.Mrs. Thomas and daughter,Miss Georgia Thomas, and guests,Rev. and Mrs. Morton, of Pleasureville, were guests Tuesday of friendstrips for the duties of her appointment as the calls come.Miss Louise Lillard", of the ParisHigli School faculty, has returnedfrom a. visit to her parents, in Lawrenceburg. Mr. L. A. Soper, who graduatesfrom "the College of Engineering,University of Kentucky, is in Barberton, Ohio, considering a positionwith the Babcocx-Wilcox Boiler Co.Mr. 'and Mrs. J. F. Benckhart,Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Saloshin, andMr. and Mrs. T. C. Dehore, of Lexington, were recent guests of Mr.Mrs. Bernard J. Santen, at theirhome onH Houston avenue.(Other Personals on Page 3)SERVICE OFFERED"OUR GRADUATION GIFT UNEIS COMPLETE.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.oNEW HOUSE FOR SALEhunt the boys will hav a swim atthe Y. M. C. A. pool.BO YOU CARRY SERIES"in the old reliable Bourbon Building & Loan Association? If not,why not? When you carry sharesyou save weekly much easier thansaving a""large sum yearly.New series opens Saturday.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.NEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tf). &'ICE CREAM SUPPERThe Ladies' Aid Society of theOld Union church will hold an icecream supper at the church tomorrow (Saturday) night, June 3,at the church. The proceeds of thesupper will be used to repair thechurch.FOR RENTFive-room, cottage with bath,electric lights and all modern conveniences, at 1505 S. Main street.m Tri?c AT A TsJMTTT. "RRTTCRLY.Y j..j "" -."'GRADUATION GIFTSNEWEST NOVELTIES FORGRADUATION.(26-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.o-D. OF C. MEMORIAL DAYThe birthday of Jefferson Davis,president of the Southern Confederacy, will be appropriately celebrated by the members of KicnaraHawes Chapter, D. of C, of this cityand county, in the Confederate roomin the Bourbon county court houseto-morrow, Saturday, afternoon atthree o'clock. This is one of theSouth's greatest memorial days. Anappropriate program, has been arranged for the occasion, as follows:Reading, Mrs. Harry B. Clay;Character Sketch of Jefferson Davis,Mrs. John J. Connell; HistoricalReminiscences.At the close of the exercises themembers of the Chapter and friendswill go to the Paris Cemetery anddecorate the graves of Confederatesoldiers, placing a small Confederateflag and an offering of flowers ateach grave.oICE CREAMDELIVERED AT ALL HOURS,IN ANY PART OF CITY. PUREAND WHOLESOME. PER GALLON, $1.75; HALF GALLON, $1;QUART 60 CENTS; BRICK, THREECOLORS, 70 CENTS PER QUART.CUMB. PHONE 7; HOME PHONE37.BENEDETTI & CO.(26-tf) NEXT ALAMO.oCERTO, CERTOAsk about Certo. We have it.C. P. COOK & CO.PIANO RECITAL BY MISSCRUTCHER'S PUPILSThoroughness in training methods, and putting theory into practice, was amply in evidence in thework of Miss Elizabeth Crutcner spupils in piano recital, given lastThursday night at the P. H. S. auditorium. The various numbers ofthe carefully selected program wererendered with almost faultless execution by the pupils, all of whomacquitted themselves with greatcredit, showing the careful andconscientious training they -had- received. ,Those who took part in the recital'"ere Misses Rachel McClintock,Nancy Young, Elizabeth Stuart, Harjorie Trisler, Nancy Kiser, SarahFox, Marie Bishop, Gladys Farmer,Anna Francis Hill, Ruth Fox, NancyHancock and Ellen Scott. Eachin Paris.Frank Cooper and Ansil Darnaby are attending the automobileraces in Indianarolis, and are guestsof Dr. and Mrs. Wm. C. Worthington, formerly of Clintonville.Miss Joy Frazier, superintendentof the Graves Memorial Hospital, atGeorgetown, is critically ill at thethome of her sister, Mrs. John Gar-nett, near Shawhan, this county.Mrs. W. H. Anderson leftThursday for Cincinnati, where shewill be a guest of Mrs. Lewis Muir,Mrs. Moore, who was formely MissAlice Clark, of Paris, and. sister ofthe' Tate Chars. Stephens, is visitingher son, Prof. Muir, inCincinnati.Mrs. Cora Brown O'Fallon, ofSt. Louis, Mo., recent guest offriends and relatives in Paris andthe county, after a visit to Mr., andMrs. Earl Ferguson, in Georgetown,is again the guest of Mrs. Robert M.Coleman, in Lexington, and with Mr.Charlton Clay, near Paris.Miss Louie Bruer, formerly ofParis, who has been residing inWinchester for several years, willleave next week for a ten-days' stayat Martinsville, Indiana. In her absence, her mother, Mrs. J. D. Bruer,will visit her sister, Miss Garnett, inCincinnati.Miss Nancy Young and brother,Mr. Chester Young, -a senior in theUniversity of Kentucky, entertained for their outiof-town guests whospent the week end at their home onCypress street. The guests of honorwere Misses Daisy Taylor, .JuliaRoss, Dorothy Grubbs, and Mr. Ttay-mond Taylor, all of Lexington.Mrs. Fred R. Witte and Mrs.Frank Kilty, of Kansas City, Mo.,left yesterday to attend the annualreunion and meeting of the AlumneaAssociation of the Visitation Convent, Villa de Chantal, Rock Island, 111. Mrs. Witte was formerlyMiss Marie Annette Caine, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Wm. J. Caine, ofParis.Miss Genevieve Molloy, of Lexington, popular Paris visitor, willarrive home to-morrow from Phila--delphia,where she has been takingan art course. She and her sister,Miss Anne Molloy, have been members of a house party being entertained this week by Mr. DonaldsonDougals, at his summer home inRye, New York.Misses Frances Brown and LulaMae Christman,. of Paris, attendedthe party given by Miss Louise Godfrey, at her home in Lexington.About thirty guests enjoyed thepleasures of the evening. Games andmusic were enjoyed and punch wasserved. The event was the celebration of the pretty hostess' sixteenth birthday.j ' Among the out-of-town peoplewho attended the funeral or GeorgeR. Bell, in this city, Tuesday, were:Mrs Marv Williams. Mrs. Ben D.Bell, Mrs. Sallie Brooks, Lexington;Mr. and Mrs. David Bell, and son,of Nicholasville; Mr. and Mrs. J.Preston Brown, Versailles; Mry andMrs. James D. Chambers, of Cincinnati; Mrs. Marshall Guerrant, Louisville; Morris W. Renick, Middle-town, Ohio.Miss Jessie P. Spencer, of Lexington, sister of -Mrs. William Ar-dery, of Paris, has accepted an appointment under the general Sunday School Board of the Methodist.Tinrnh. to teach beginners specialization in standard teachers' trainingschools. Miss Spencer left Wednesday-for Macon, Ga., to attend a c)n-feremce of North ind soutn ueorgiaFOR RENTLivery stable on Second street, inrear of National Garage. "Apply to(2-tf) E. TENN. PHONE 198.HAY FOR SALEA thirty-five acre field of cloverhay, extra good. Call CumberlandPhone 557.(It) HENRY T. JUDY.HOUSE FOR SALEFour large rooms, hall, front andback porch, pantry and bath room,gas and lights, good cistern, housenewly painted, in excellent condition. Lot 50x142.MRS. H. C. BRADLEY,551 Vine Street.FOR SALEgrassfFor sale, first-classstripper; ready to run.JOHN M. STUART,(It) Cumb. Phone 298.seedFor Sale or RentNine-room, two-story brick house,with all modern conveniences, atSeventh street and Higgins avenue;also five-room cottage, on Seventhstreet, adjoining" City School; allmodern conveniences.MRS. JAKE ELVOVE,(2-tf) Home Phone 198.LARD FOR SALEI have for sale a large quantity ofpure country lard, jipne better onearth, at 15 cents per pound.MRS. JAMES A. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 256-W., R. F. D., No. 8.(june2 tf )Stockholders' Meeting !There will be a meeting of theRtnr.kh'olders of the Bourbon Building & Loan Association at the officesin the First National Bank Building, on Saturday evening, June 3,at 7:30 o'clock, for the purpose offilectine a board of directors toserve the ensuing year.Bourbon Building & Loan Ass'n.H. A. POWER. President.W-DL.L S. ARNSPARGER, Sec'y.x-. .& La- Jjs' 1 1 A &sM ALuf f jTk I It vi CJ ?o Hw a I I nTft4- ' , v-k O 1WmmKtk M 3L0CH ImWmWmSm w summer W'tMmaLML- clothes Juljzvxvssat:What is Moore Cooling ForA Day in JuneThan a Palm Beach, Mohair7 or TropicalWorsted Suit? We have them in all sizesand many models$10.00 to $22.50We also have , the other necessaries for thehot summer months.sLEWISTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and SaveI tff-i. 'AM JhHBpWE ARE SHOWING -LIVING ROOM SUITES; .In many designs at most reasonable prices. 'Let us serve you. ..' & f.Aparticipant did so well that individual mention would be superlous.oauc UUUi iua.l LUC 1UUC1MM ,v i j.w v. - l,Ladies Listen !It will be a great opportunity tosave money this week.Special Low PricesoafLadies', Misses' and Children's Suits, Coats, Waists,Skirts, Dresses, Millinery,Slippers, Etc.Twin Br os. Dept. Store' CHAS..S. GOLDSTINEHave You Heard the NewCOLUMBIA RECORD HIT?Buy it now. Columbia Grafonolas are the best Talking Machines.y There are features in the Columbia you get in no other machine.km J. T. HINTON CO.EITHEWHONE 3SPARIS, KENTUCKYI ew MreTMotor HearM-Motor Invalid C ck UmltrteMwgm it t . .- w-. -' v ' - X . . .-j.' t fCVYs. "NH.;1vrAT-',;" -Vu MMX&fMCYnth.Ba4:lMa Strewtt-iof THE NEWS -was nbl- to atv- 'schools. She wm conui w;"rker:lionie in Lexirton, takla thePARIS, IT. - fZ ',tend the migkt of the rtdUl.mm"V-?".tHsre-,jrr-- - -.--f . sA.fe- - .-"-j--a' yr1v -::3x-.-iey"tx"5 -'yr-J -.".A.. --"i,-? - i.-feX.T's.-. i s'tjS'-v.'- jjJsAf4e-f..- -afw'- ..- . "-.STS JF-T - C -.:? "?'atfc-i . r--"-sr -eL . -r - 3T 4-Kt-tH2, S -v "r.-tP" i.,fc '.-- :AJ - --,. "".!$THEBOUIN&W(fer,PFRIDAYr 3UNE 219221PAGE SIX-. "VFp;1-i ---Hr1TN.i-MIS. A. WALKEEI MILLION.BaaaaaaaaaaaaaaV.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiPOUHDS OFSOLDBTTBLEYHETH IS VITALHere is Haw io Take Proper Care olftCovington, "3. "For a long time I I'B&ve iisediJr. erce s Pleasant reuerafor .biliousness Smd constipation to myentire 'satisfaction. I have also recomlended thesame to other people whoieve later thanlsed me for telling themjflx)ut thesei'lfiasant Pellets'. Just takethem according to directions and reliefis certain-' Mrs. A. Walker, U326"Banklick St.Constipationis at the root of most ail- -1ments. I ou can avoia nan me ins in meby taking Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellete.Your neighborhoodtiruggist has them msniaH-vials, convenient to carry easy tolake, JPrice25c,COST OF PRODUCING TOBACCOIN KENTUCKY- The average cost of producingBurley tobacco on 74 farms Tn theBurley district was "32.6 cents apound in 1920 as compared with anaverage of 25.8 cents -in 1919. Theaverage cost of producing dark firecured tobacco on 50 -farms in thedark tobacco area of Kentucky was14.9 cents a pound in 1920, ascompared with 17.2 cents in 1919,and was less than one-half -tthe costof producing Burley. These figuresare disclosed fn a cost-of-producingstudy made by the College of Agriculture of the University of JCentucky and the United States Department of Agriculture under a .cooperative arrangement. Figures,lor 1921 are now being tabulate.The yield per acre on 74 Burleyfarms ranged from 378 pounds t1,492 pounds with an average -of907.86 pounds. The cost per acreTanged from $160.20 to ?493.60with an average of $235.73. Thecost per pound ranged from 20 centsto 66 cents. Approximately 80 percent, of the tobacco was producedat 37 cents a pound or less. The average yield in 1919 was 1,492p6unds. The light weight of the1920 crop is attributed to the unusual weather conditions prevailingduring the growing season.In the Burley district an acre oftobacco required an average of 32.84days of man labor and 9:38 days ofhorse labor. Of the total cost, manlabor constituted 38.22 per cent,land rent 3 .07 per centT barnsandsticks 11.65 per cent, horse labor70.66 per cent, and the other items"cent, and machinery .76 per cent.Not including land rent as a cost,man and horse labor constituted70.66 per cent, and the otheritems,29.3 4 per cent.The yield per acre on the 50 darkfire-cured farms ranged from 275.2pounds to 1,603.4 pounds with anaverage of 855.4 pounds. The costper acre ranged from $77.61 to$251.04 with an average cost of$127.12. The cost per pound ranged from 9 cents to 37.3. Approximately 50 per cent, of the tobaccowas produced at 15 cents a poundor less.In the dark tobacco area an acreof tobacco required 24.8 days ofman labor and 3.4 days of horselabor. Of the total cost, man, laborconstituted approximately 50 percent, horse labor 14 per cent, landrent 13 per cent, barns and sticks7 per cent, insurance 4.9 per cent,and other items about 10 per cent.'Excluding land rent as a cost, manand horse labor totaled approximately 75 per cent, and the other items25 per cent of the total cost.The territory covered representedtypical farming conditions in theCentral Kentucky Burley Districtand in the Western Kentucky darktobacco district. Gost studies will-also be made for the 1923, and willcomplete a period of four consecutive years. . , s . ,ftgfj?- 0 S-OJEXT BACE FOB MOBVICH WILLBE AT LAT0NIAAn additional 1,000,000 .pounds ofthe redried tobacco "of the BurleyTobacco Growers' . Co operative Association has been sold by President"James C. Stone and several otherbig sales are imminent, it was saidat the offices of the association. Noinformation was given out-as to thepurchase of the 1,000-hogshead notor the prospective purchasers.Before Managing Director EugeneMeyer, Jr., assistant Floyd R. Har-jison, ana general counsel, vr. -.Henderson, of the War FinanceCorporation left Lexington forChattanooga they inspected the to-Ibacco which is , represented by thewarehouse receipts, given as collat.exal for the War Finance Corporatern loan, and were shown the identification tags on eacn nogsneaawhich distinguishes the" tobaccopledge as collateral from the largeamount of tobacco held by the association which is free of any loan orcollateral pledge.They were impressed with thebigness of the thing and the system tif doing business and expressedpleasure at having an interest in the.financial end of the burley association's work.On their visit to the tobacco district they were shown the storagefacilities -of the burley associationand the complete warehousing system whkih- enables the burley association to handle millions of poundsof tobacco .and 'to care for it indefinitely pending its sale. Mr. Meyerfrankly expressed himself as beingimpressed with the thorough business methods of the association,which were explained to him by Mr.Stone.Contracts signed in the drive arecoming to the office of AssistantChief William Collins, of the fieldservice division by .hundreds. Manyof them are from West Virginia,and the counties in Dhio, which Clifton Rodes is conducting a campaign,but almost every county in the district is represented in he contractsreceived.FAMED FLAG ACCEPTEDAs a souvenir of America's participation in the World War, President Harding accepted for hiscountrymen a presentation by Ambassador Jusserand, of France", of theAmerican flag which was displayedbeside the French tri-color on theEifel Tower when news came ofAmerica's entry into the struggle.The historic flag, also later displayed at the celebration of" the Marnevictories at the Troaddro Palace inParis in September, 1918, was presented by the Ambassador on behalfof the union of large French associations for national growth.Th Qardtn Brook.And there a brook -should murmurwith a vfiice of outdoor happiness;md a little garden brimming over withlowers should mark the days, andsveeks, and months with bud and blos10m. Douglas .Jerr.pld.When you f eel tZ?knervous, Bred, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTTS NERVER1NEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake Jife wortk living. Be sure-and ask forMotetNerverinePiUsSjJWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Frec', Ckvclaad, O.For Sale BrOBEBDOBFEBj THE DBTTG6ISTWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD JIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed(tf)Patronize Bourbon News Advertisers.- - Reports that negotiations weretinder way for a $50,000 match" Tace between Morvich and SenningsPark, handicap horse of the Westmont stable, were declared to bewithout foundation by BenjaminBlock, owner -of the Kentucky Derbywinner. Mr. Block said no proposition of the kind had been made to- him "and that on general principleslie was opposed to using Morvich in- a match race with any horse.He said Morvich's next appearance in competition probably wouldbe in the ? 5 0,0 00 event for threeyear-olds,- scheduled at Latonia, inJune, but that his participation haspot been definitely decided upon.TgE YOUNG CBOWD OF 20-DAY.The young people of the presentday are under much severe criticismfor loose manners and ideals. ndsome people feel that they showmarked signs of deterioration. Before condemning them too sharply,it would be "worth while to considersome things they are x accomplishing. 'The public scliools are the placewhere you get the best idea of theirtendencies. Those of us who lookback twenty-five years or more,would not care to return to the educational conditions then existing,when the average school was a dulland listless place.The typical position of a schoolchild in those days was to lean hisweary head on his hand and rest hiselbow on his deskr as he tried tofool the teacher with the idea thathe was studying. Usually histhoughts were far away from thehated school room with its "taskswhich seemed meaningless to him.It was a common remark among theboys of those times that they wished the schoolhouse would burndown" or the teacher would get sick,or anything happen to set them freefrom their prison house.To-day the average school room isbright and cheerful. The great majority of the children would not oftheir own accord leave it. It hasbeen shown to them that a personmust have education in order to winsuccess in life. They may get wearyand discouraged over their lessons,but at least they want to learn.Toung people that have comealong to and through high schoolage with that point of view have atleast made a tremendous gain overthe relative position of young people of that age twenty-five yejirsago. They have silly streaks andflippant ways and false ideas, thatre in great need of correction. Butthey have some idea of one of thebasic conceptions of life, expressedby. the stereotyped but ever truephrase, that "Knowledge is power."UVEB TBOUBIEPhysician explains simple treat-j nt for inflamed gallbladder and;X"iicts ansociatea with gallstones.Booklet free. Br. O. Paddock, Box- , 2tl, Kawwus Gity, Mo. -adv)- ' V- T-f -.PortitffMt k t la&MMxe of aboXitOUTLOOK E0B 1922A comparison of the conditionsunder which the United State entered the year 1922 with those ofthe corresponding year of the preceding century gives us renewedconfidence, says the "Trade Record"of the National City Bank, of NewYork, in the industrial and commercial future of our country. Thepopulation, which in 1822 was lessthan 10,000,000, is now 107,000,000or more than ten times that of acentury ago, while the population ofthe world as a whole has increasedbut about 150 per cent J.n the meantime. Our international commerce evenin the present moment of depressionis sixty times as much as that of acentury ago, having grown from$108,000,000 in 1821 . to aearly orquite $7,000000,00 in 1921 maypoifely tol forty vtimes that '-of acantmiy .. ao. irheji.. ititood at$i; iIM4HI iy s El!19 V h" 1911 li I I IJi HBhyj-7; Inn 8 !!!In the pastwe have prided ourselves over the fact ofalways having a most interesting and up-to-date assortment of good refrigerators. But, this year, we haveoutdone ourselves. Never before has ,the varied andextensive display of high grade food conservers beenpresented in such a manner in our store never has thequality been so high, or the values so keen. It is notPerfect Health DemandsA Perfect RefrigeratorAlone, from the standpoint of health you deserve the best refrigerator moneycan buy. This necessarily does not entail a big expenditure. From the standpoint of economy it pays, in. the long run, to have a GOOD refrigerator byhaving one you will conserve food, always be able to keep it in a fresh and appetizing condition. Doing so means Better Health and MONEY SAVED.exaggeration on our part when we say that in our presentselling you will find the exact style to suit your individual nesds, whether it be the baby apartment style or thefull three-door style. 42-irich width. Our reputation forgenuine values is your assurance for a decidedly good valuein a new refrigerator. It is to your advantage to select earlycome and let us show the new refrigerators to you now.A Good ReputationIs Much Better ThanA Written GuaranteeThe reputation we have enjoyed for giving sound advice and aiding materially inthe buying of refrigeratorshas not been earned withwritten guarantees. We havein the past years invariablydelivered the goods earnedthe fair reputation of doingthe right thing. Letthisguide you when you areready for your refrigerator.A Food PreserverThat Pays Dividends$42.00Strong'yMade$19'00WwJwwwwMbjflj iirjjtr Hi r... , . JB L ?I tB ; Igl 3ssM ffll illmlM u 11H Hv - I iLJliiiiiiiiiiiiHWe Don't Talk MeritInto a ProductIt Must Be There"We don't relish the idea ofselling merchandise whereinquality is only found in"talk." Before we recommend any article, we firstmake certain that it willlive up to all we might sayit will. Believing in fullestprotection for our customers as well as ourselves,you may expect each andevery refrigerator to serveyou just as we say it will.Refrigerator frQO a a3-Door Style $5UUFor the small home, the topicer, such as illustrated above,is quite practical. Moderately priced, and so stronglymade it will render years ofsatisfactory service. Has twowoven wire shelves, patenteddrain pipe and trap. Foodcompartments are so easy tokeep clean. This box is whiteenameled metal lined. Ask tosee this one." The refrigerator shown above is so built as to positivelyrender a money-saving service in the matter of foodpreservation. The cork insulation which is found in onlythe better grade boxes is used in the construction of "thisrefrigerator. When one realizes the importance of thisfactor as related to food conservation, then only is itpossible to -judge the worth of this noteworthy valueThe seamless porcelain insides present a spic and span, appearance makes the refrigerator sanitary: so easy tokeep clean. Case ismad of select quartered oak, finishedgolden. Let us demonstrate the superior features at yourearliest convenience.This DurableLawn Swing$10.00TTTrTTrTT""- aM"'Js' .Tmn ii ii i Himti 1 1 inn : 1 1 1 ni 1 1 n ai 1 1 hi mm i n i nnnitj4 i hi h iiiuihhpijk.Ufilllf V T""""" " -"NFor the average sized pantry,this three door style is verypopular, and is one that canbe utilized to good advantage.Food compartments areequipped with woven wire tinned shelves; has all metal removable ice racks levers, fasteners and hinges are all madeto match. This is one of thefinest boxes ever offered at theprice.Make Tour Porch More InvitingGet This Full Size Porch Swingfir.-$5.50A full bolted four-passenger,can be set up in a few minutes. - Made from a selectbeechwood, an unusuallyhardr close grained wood ofgreat strength. Derick finished red or green, seats naturalvarnish.We are Offering aSpecial Saleon a11More inviting and enjoyable hours are to be had if youhave this attractive swing on your porch this summer.It is 48 inches over all, made of seasoned hardwood, "andfinished fumed. Pull bolted construction, so made andassembled to msure many- years of useful service. Askto see it now.SummerGoodsHoosier Kitchen Cabinets, Co o 1 MoreShades, Oil and GasStoves. We are prepared to help take careof you during the hotdays to come.ffers J IV ; i ,t - J. ' r rV6cCOCHAS. GREENE, ManagerjZ- ?-,-1aismft "- 4JNO0,?m1. Slgp?- SU. f 7S- fer,"r.J'V -?"rs. - i"V3"-v .'cj- '-TV----rO' - v;!.-. ;f rjVV-t,-.&Os OIFRIDAY, JUNE 2, It'll-r-,sv?,' -z -vv - - ..I s. v&bhHmi - viHIlII11MYOUNG MOTHERNOW STRONGHer Moier's RuA a Lyiia EjfUlKlMuU cgcimurc wajnmN -Led Her To Try ItTTAnosha. Wisconsin. "Tcanribt savnnough i1 praise of Lydia E.Pinkh&m'avegeiaoie vxm-Dound. Jiv motherhad great faith, in itu the had takefusomuch of it ana whenI had trouble aftermy baby was bornshe crave it to me.it helped me so muchmore than anythingelse bad done that!advise all womenI with female troubleto eive it a fair trialand I am sure they will feel as I doabout it Mrs. Fred. P. Hansen, 562Symmonds St., Lenosna, Wisconsin.A medicine that has been in use nearlyfifty years and that receives the praiseand commendation of mothers andgrandmothers is worth your consideration.If you are suffering from troublesthat sometimes follow child-birth bearin mind that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is a woman's medicine.It is especially adapted Jx) correct suchtroubles. "The letters we publish ought to convince you; ask some-of your womenfriends or neighbors they know itsworth. You will, too, if you give it afair trial.j:v -3BGA-&--. BUVFfJAiMESH,-iS.n- s.9JHE OURBONNEy PARIS;gP ITT J ,LLESS: ON HORatio of Debt to Value Decreasein Thirty Years.--nis?"5mmmmmm- irfii IKVT- r ?TS?i5?"KENTUCKY-I ttC?AJ- -PAGI SBAMERICANS PLANrZxZ&rt&fv&t& r-?SKriSSEijrwfcSK3i," . "-W V J:?-BurMu of Canaua Qivta Out 8omalnUrtt!ng FlflurM on MortQagaDbt . n Ownad Homaa andfUrma" in United State.TO STUDY ITALYArrangements With Royal University of Rome Designed toPromote Friendly Relations.DOLLARS AND SENSEHe deservesWashington. According to a preliminary report that lias Just been Issued by the Department of Commerce,through the bureau of the census, the-total estimated mortgage debt onowned homes and farms In continentalUnited State In 1920 was $11,001,000,000 and the total esttmated value ofthese mortgaged homes and farms was'$31,708,000,000, the mortgage debtthus representing 34.7 per cent of thetotal value. It should be noted thatthe term "owned homes" is used: bythe bureau to. designate those homeswhich are occupied by their owners,and similarly, "owned farms" is applied to farms operated by their owners, rented homes and tenant farmsnot being included in these totals.The total mortgage debt on ownedhomes and farms in the United Statesin 1890, the only previous census Inwhich this information was obtained,was reported as $2,133,000,000 and thetotal value of -these mortgaged homesand farms was reported as 5,637,000,000, the mortgage debt thus representing 37.5 per cent of the total value.The mortgage debt on owned homesand farms Increased 415.8 per cent between 1890 and 1920, and the value ofthese mortgaged homes and farms increased 457.6 per cent. As a result,the ratio of debt to value has decreased, being 34.7 per cent In 1920 asagainst 37.5 per cent in 1890.The total number of homes not onfarms in the United States in 1920 was17,600,000, of which 7,195,000 or 40.9per cent were mortgaged. Information regarding the value of the homeSHRVEJiniriECONTs. -Federal Geologists to Seek Exact Height of Mountain.TWaVE SCHOLARSHIPS -OPENDiplomat and Cftjlag Profeaabra toAddraaa th Claaaaa Thia Summer Language, History andCulture Featured.3xa3&a&m&?aTIMConsider the hobo.your 'consideration.With our "get as much as you canas quick as you can, work now loaflater" philosophy, we are behind-Hip- hobo!His philosophy "do with the least and the amount of mortgage debt wasyou can as long as you can, loarnow, work later" produces harmony, concord, opportunity to" understand life's principles and to appreciate nature's wonders. It makesfor fewer desires, which diminishesselfishness. -However, all play just as trulymakes Jack a dull vagrant as allwork makes Kim a slave.The moral is "temporize." A little work, a little recreation, a lot ofTiappiness. Exile greed, banish distrust, beckon brotherhood, Stop the.strife to outdo, out-get, out-wit!As soon as the dollar is dethroned king of man's ambition and deposed ruler over every "man's mind,.as soon as we realize that idealsTiring greater, wider, more lasting"benefits and happiness than goldthat soon will we have adjusted the"hobo's extreme philosophy to practical application in daily life.. o-HOME ECONOMICS TEACHERSTO MEETHome economics teachers fromall parts of Kentucky will meet at-the University ot Kentucky Lexington, June 15 to 21, to outline courses-of teaching and to discuss problemsof the profession, it was announcedin Frankfort bv Miss Betsy Madion, State supervisor of home economics education. Miss Campbell,-of the University, will assist in themeeting. The teachers, according tothe program outlined by Miss Madison, will discuss organization ofcourses for girls from the seventngrade on through the high school.T?he courses for the next year willlie, in a measure, tentative andchanges will be made at the next.annual meeting oased upon the experience gained during the comingyear. "secured from 1,893,000 or tJ6.3 per centof these mortgaged homes. The totalmortgage debt on the mortgagedhomes not xn farms in 1920 is estimated as $6,000,000,000, and the total valueof such' homes as $14,099,000,000, theratio of debt to value being 42.6 perLcent.The total mortgage -debt on ownedhomes not on farms in the UnitedStates in 1890 was reported as $1,047,00,000, and the total value of thesemortgaged homes was reported as ,632,000,000, the mortgage debt thusrepresenting 39.8 per cent of the totalvalue. .The mortgage debt on ownedhomes -increased 473.1 per cent, . andthe value of such homes 435.6 per cent,between 1890 and 1920. This has resulted in a slight increase in the ratioof debt to value from 39.8 per centin 1890 to 42.6 per cent In 1920.The total estimated mortgage debton owned farms in the United Statesin 1920, Including the estimated mortgage debt on partly owned farms, was$0001,000,000, and the total estimatedvalue of these mortgaged farms was$17,609,000,000, the ratio of debt tovalue being 28.4 per centThe total estimated mortgage debton owned farms in 1890 was reportedas $1,086,000,000, and the total valueof these farms was reported as $3,055,000,000, the ratio kof debt to value being 35.6 per cent. The mortgage debton owned farms Increased 360.5 percent, and the value of such farms 476.4per cent, between 1890 and 1920, theratio of debt to value decreasing from35.6 in 1890 to 28.4 in 1920.'.gjtaepropvBourbon Poultry RemedyA few drops in fowls' gTln va(idrinking water cures UAt?0ana prevents -wmtevdiarrhoea, choiera-SflfCand other chick F"diseases. Use daily to keep yourchicks heal thy.Oon'twaituntidisease strikes. Get it today.SmiMHM HckM .t$Lit$l.S0.At druggists, or by mail postpaid.Bourbon Rmy Co., Lexington, Ky.CATCHES YOUNG OCTOPUSZ Sold ByABDERY DRUG CO.(till July 1-F)Banner. LysflBSgBSSJKBSSSSSSSSSSBBSSSSSSSSJBJBJBSJBSSSSSHis easy to useNo otherlye Is packed sosafely and conveaiiently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfectso easily and thoroughly as Banner iyc . Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;"the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworId has ever known. Use it for cleaning-your kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-panszina Domes, torsortemng water, anaine laoorof washing and cleaning will be cut in half.Makes pure soapand saves Money besides. A can of'-Banner y 5 pounds of kitchen' grease,ten minutes' easy work (no boiling or largekettles), and you have 10 pounds of beat hardo&pora0gaioQ8ofMftsoap. '2ntrLyeUsoU ferymr trees r ntaMWrite to s for free totkltt, " UlfMimrLjryfcePwwriiMrtMlWerfcePliMiiiejtliUeV(27ja-Ut-F) ' ---i illllEaMlML .New York. A series of courses forAmericans, to be given In Rome during the summer of 1922, has beenorganized by the Assoclazlone ItaloAmericana, in collaboration with theacademic authorities of the Royal University of Rome and under the patronage of the American ambassador "toItaly.The courses are planned with a viewto making better known in the UnitedStates the language, history, cultureand economic conditions of Italy, "sothat" the mutual understanding anafriendly relations of the two countriesmay be Increased and strengthened.Instruction in the courses, whichwill extend from .Tuly 10 to August81, will be adapted to the needs ofthe American student. A large number of the courses in the literary, historical and economical development ofItaly will be In Italian, supplemented,when necessary, by the use of English. Twelve Scholarships. -Twelve scholarships, to be assignedby the universities on the basis ofmerit among the applicants, are offered by the Assoclazlone Italo-Amerl-canato students In the several American universities. All students enrolledfor the summer courses of lectureswill be entitled to the daily use of theLibrary of American Studies In Italy,and various rooms open also In theevening, for social gatherings and forstudy; situated In the center of the cityof Rome, not far from the university.Here many American newspapers andmncrnzlnes will be available. Students will also be entitled to theuse of the university library. Bachstudent will alsogain free admission,during the period of the courses, to allthe antiquities, monuments, galleriesand museums of the Italian government and of the city of Rome.- The offices of the Assoclazlone ItaloAmericana in Rome, of the Instituteof International Education, 419 WestOne hundred and seventeenth street,this city, land of the- Italy-Americasocietv. 23 West Forty-third street,will furnish on request Informationas to the courses, as well as answerquestions and make suggestions concerning living conditions in Romehotels, boarding houses, etc.To Promote Friendly Relations.The Associazione Italp-Amerlcana-wasorganized In Rome In 1919, underthe auspices of persons prominent ingovernmental, scientific, Industrial andfinancial circles, for the following purposes: "To foster cordial relations between Italy and the United States bymeans of courses of study, publications, lectures, etc.; to establish cooperation with Italian citizens livingin America and Americans living inItaly; to Increase economic relationsand to assist industrial and- commercial organizations of Italians andAmericans, Under conditions whichshall not affect the- economic Independence of the two countries."Among the speakers in Rome thisyear will be Tommaso Tittoni, president of the Italian senate, who visitedthe United States last fall; ProfessorRodolfo Lanclana, authority on ancient Rome, and Professors- PletroBonfante and Carlo Formichi, both ofthe Royal University of Rome. Theassociation has undertaken to arrangefor the exchange of professors,- as wellas the establishment of scholarships.Want to Settle Dispute as to Whichis the Highest Peak in the Appa- -tachlan Ranged Of SpecialScientific Interest.Knoxville, Tenn. Mount Le Conte,in the southeastern part of this state,near the North Carolina line, will bea center of scientific interest in thecoming months, because of a geological survey to be -made under federalvdlrection in June, to test ,the claimthat it Is the highest peak in- theAppalachian range.Until about a generation ago thatdistinction Vas held by Mount Washington, which towers 6,293 feet abovesea level. Then a survey fixed a heightof 6,711 feet for Mount Mitchell, thatmeasurement standing now as the official altitude mark for uplands east ofthe Rocky mountains. Measurementsof Mount Le Conte, for which accuracy is not claimed, have come within99 feet of the Mount Mitchell figure.It is believed the "coming federal survey will make good that estimate andadd several hundred feei to it, thusfurnishing the geogrstphles with a newItem.When Washington was officiallyovertopped by Mitchell, a weather observatory on Washington, functioningcontinuously, justified its advertisement as the highest point In the eastern United States that was inhabitedthroughout" the year." Roan mountainin the southern range sought that distinction when Gen. John T. Wilder established a hotel estate there Jmownas "Cloudland" at a certified elevation of 6,313 feet and visitors wereable, from the hotel porch, to sweepthe vision over cloud masses belowthem, floating, breaking or thunderingover lower peaks. "Cloudland" provedtoo difficult to reach and too expensiveto maintain. With its abandonmentthe advertisement of Mount Washington as the highest inhabited all-yearEastern spot, became freshly assertive. It will probably continue to betrue, for the top of Mount Mitchellhas not been inhabited all the year.There is no such " prospect for LeConte, even though it may hereafteroutrank all the other Appalachianpeaks In height.NOW IS THETo Select Hardy Flowers For-" the GardenDELPHINIUM, FOXGtDVE, COLUMBINE.PAEONIES, PYRETHRUM GARDEN PINKS, . SIBERIAN AND GERMAN IRIS.k11THEYJRE XLL BLOOMING AND WORTHWHILEl SEEINGBourbon NurseriesMEINERTZ & HARPERPROPRIETORSmat wscFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE OXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLIvAttAYJ'$V;iXsIXiXi!XI1Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetTWO DUGS ARE FIRE HEROESNew York Canines Give Alarm WhenFlames Threaten WomanLoses Life.New- York. Dogs were the heroesat two fires, one 'of which resulted inthe death of Mrs. Ellen Isaac, eightythree, who burned to death in thepresence of her husband, Mark, eighty-four,who was bedfast and powerless to help her. She staggered intohis bedroooni after her dress hadcaught fire from a kitchen stove andcollapsed.Tobey, a neighbor's dog, ran1 to theapartment of Mrs.JCljomas McNamf ra,his mistress, took the edge of herskirt in his teeth and drew her toward the Isaac apartment. She andher husband wrapped a tableclothabout Mrs Isaac, extinguishing ftieflames, but the woman died before aphysician could be summoned.Teddy, a Pomeranian owned by Benjamin Hollan of 363 St. John's place,Brooklyn, aroused his master when afire started jn the-house, and Hollannotified a policemanr who turned in analarm..wV .4M.. I&2cr.'A&.yzi . iznsf.k tk upMSHssmISIkT-ISFItGTIOlOUR WATCHWORDh"- . . mWitn all tne latest improve-ments in laundry appliances 1and expert helpers we are jjprepared to do work infe-rior 'to none, and solicit xyour patronage. IThe Bourbon LaundryS23tt-vParis, KentuckyIXIIK!IX!MHHIMll j ! 1 1 H 4 tilt 111 U 1 HI 1 1 II I III f I j" This shows John St. John, life guardat 'Miami Beach, Fla., with his catcha young octopus with a spread ofthree feet across the fins. Catchingsea animals ib St. John's hobby andhe has Quite a collection.?"SHARVARD U. "CUTUPS" FEWERThree Burned to DeathFirst Night in New Home? New York. A mother and two1 children, who were spendingt their first night in their new! home, were burned to death? the other day when firesweptthe apartment house. The super-l intendent was unaware they wereI In the building and after rous-Ing four other families believedall were safe. "Later, threef charred bodies were found inI Ihe debris. Mrs. Florence Heims,t twenty-three, and her two elfil-i dren, Harold, five, and Florence,I i Xiiree, wcic mc i-..1 1, , n ! ,j p niiiiu'inPranks in Disfavor Through StudentCouncil Influence DoctorLowell Says.Cincinnati. The- Mcutup" spirit fastis subsiding at Harvard university, according to its president, Dr. A. Law'rence Lowellt at the annual dinner ofthe Harvard club here. Pranks during clases are taboo also, he said, because students have become imbuedwith a community spirit under student councils. ""The Harvard enrollment is increas:ing and the influx from the West, Middle West and the South is far in excess of those coming "frdm New Engltuid," said Doctor Lowell."The art of life is not solving problems so much as it is in recognizing aproblem wlien i appears," DoctorLowell added. "While the world hasmany who are able to untangle a situation, it has few who see clearly greatproblems.",Big Bird Specimens.Denver, Colo. Giant South Ameri"can condors and other birds and animals of-Peru will be exhibited-in theColorado MusAim of Natural Historyas a result of an offer received byMayor Bailey. - Duane M "Kline, anengineer, formerly of Denver, now employed in South America, has askedthe city to accept a pair of condors,hen nnlrs of Tufica birds, giant butterflies yith a wing spreadof eightanditen Inches and. other intereaunNpeqroC niwa nd Wrdlif l Fj.'3? ." ny -. &ALUMINUM CARS MAY BE NEXTExperts Begin Research to Find StrongLight Material for MotorCars. ;Washington. At the suggestion ofautomobile manufacturers and largefoundries of the country, the bureau otmines has announced that an investigation of far-reaching importancewould shortly be made to determinethe" cracking tendencies of tfommercialaluminum alloys. The purpose of theproposed investigation was said to beto determine whether lighter weightmotor cars can be manufactured successfully and retain the same stabilitynow found in the larger and more substantial vehicle.OEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceDay137BOTH TELEPHONESNight299t-Km iiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii mjtFlies 1,210 Miles in Ten Hours.New York. Flying at an averagespeed of 121 miles an hour, throughthree storms, a seaplane carrying atotal load of 1,600 pounds made theflight from Palm Beach, Fla., to NewYork, a distance of 1,210 miles, in 9hours and 56 minutes.GET READY FORSPRING'5 WiJte-iiiiuiiuiiiuuiuuimiiiiiiiiiHiKniuiiiiiuiiMiimiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiMMiiiiiiimiiiiiiimiiiumiiiMMii3? - " -Bushmen in Philippines! Not Forced to Wear PantsjChicago. Whether Filipinobushmen, who are wont to wearscant attire, should be compelledto put on trousers was a subject debated with some" heat inthe island's legislature, according to the Rev. J. W. Moore,Methodist missionary who hasjust returned. - A bill for compulsory wearing of trousers wasdefeated, according to Mr.Moore, after a bitter struggle inwhich the bushmen, throughtheir spokesman, took a volublepart,They are, however, getting into trousers without legislation,the "issue having "been personalliberty.Foy's Paints and VarnishesPrices at Old Time Levelsjr -"GET FIGURES ON PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. - Come in and letus figure on the.iob for you.W Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Haye Your Spring WorkKANECONTRACTING PAINTERS ANDPAKK HANCEJSSrth Main St., Opp. Lwmhtr C.ClfCtlBnMM rBJvnV3P -, V -iS" ' - -, m yrjj, f , , S I T- i- "" c- ': " -- , - - -t- i J --.'". -r-'- -"..- -r"- s-. vr '. . --.----.f ' MS2-r --.jfcr. v .Wt -i?A.. t.-v1,-uii;f" 1rt!-f,'!Kt" " Mi,vwr.-1. r fii'- .Mlc- liim1 tt.Ji iIr1--tit. i iiI - s5 " ' jjiii ajjn . iTi!. " '(!: li'! - v it1- y- liu1 zWMI- Jj;.,.. i-v. -f&. - j4rt &&&Z A fi"rV-3' A: tt Jii-A-Cl "X - s T' j&Vfi- SL.-vf "-! XT !'-. - "- - -. ?. . i- "-.-M" t , ;-- -- x ' t -x: iT-am- . ." -". c. - r:ri -rt. - j- t jgn j aar m.- m -r -i - it j" - . . - .-, . 3" im-r- 'i"i .-i sr j ri- f r tt iw r - - -w-- i-.- ..-. V. vwTHE BOURBON N JEWS, ARIS, 1QCNTUCKY - ' kffiM4M'fTTAGE EIGHT -. yKIDAT JUKI , 112VhMILLERSBURGfifetwfting News Items Prom Bourr -inn 'County's College Town-Mr. Jo"hn B. Vimont was a visia Hexington, Wednesday." Mr. "Everett Thomason was avisitor in Maysville, Wednesday.Capt A. E. Reagan, of TennHeee, is visiting Miss Martha Jones.Miss Lavina Layson has returnv md. tram a visit with friends in Maysirffle. Attorney TJ. M. Swinford, ofCarlisle, was a visitor here thisweek.Mr. and Mjs. James Riley, ofHaysville, visited Mr Carlton Ball,Sunday. 'Mr. Harry Mjjes, of Maysville,msited his aunt, Mrs. J. V. Ingels,fianday.Mps. Jennie K. Lyle, of Lexington, is visiting her aunt, Mrs. SueSandusky,Mrs. Laura Swift, of BirmingItam, Ala., is visiting her sister, Mr.John Ingels. .Mr. Tom Brown purchased theresidence of Mr. Ira Rankin. Priceald 4,000.Miss Lily Letton has returned-to I3ethel after a visit awth Mrs.aary Whaley.-Mr. Owen Wilson, of CincinaiatL 3S visiting his grandmother,Iters. Jennie Letton.- Mis Flora Jordan, of the HighSchoolleft Wednesday for her homein Portsmouth, Ohio.FOR SALE E oil-top desk, onechina cabinet and h?nd carved table.C&U Home phone 14.-Miss Charlotte Styles, of Sarlls, Masun county, visited Miss Hateie Wood, Wednesday.-Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bafl, ofXesington, were guests of Mr. andJirs. A. C. Ball, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Shrout andchildren and Mrs. Lillie Carpenter,)f Gwingsville., visited relatives and. rieads here Tuesday.x -Miss Kate Bolton, of St. Paul,-wholias been visiting Miss HattieWood, left Monday for Ewing, to'"visit Miss Miranda, Williams.-jtfr. and3Mr. and Mrs.daughter, of'jDr. and Mrs.Mis. W. S. Herndon,J. W. Hunter andNicholasville, visiteda. W. Nutter, Sunday.Sirs. Preston Wells died at theIfiome of her daughter, Mrs. T. T.ZBentley, in Mt. Sterling, Sunday.Zftfrs. Vells formerly lived "in Mil3ersburg. -Dr. Nutter, oi the Christianchurchy will have for liis subject"Srazday morning, "What Kind of aChnrch Would This Church Be If Allof Its Members Were Just Like Me?".THe will hold services at Jackstown,lrfiartaay afternoon.-o -.-ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the converiiSenoe of users of adding machines, a3iig stock of paper rolls. These rolls4K6 made of the best bond paper and-are absolutely free from lint. YoucaL2. imy from one to a case. Let usJfeare a trial order.31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.W."X M. C. A. NOTESIndications now point to an unusually large class of beginners inthe free swimming class for boys to3!e iield next week at the Y. M. C.-&- building. The Corsan method of-instruction, whereby a number aressiTen lessons at the same time, will:fe nsed. Physical Director Sheffield"will have charge of the class. Ray$et&al and Robt. McCarty, who wonrth& "National Y. M. C A. life-savingawards at Camp Daniel Boone, willcassist Mr. Sheffield with the class.All boys who want to be in the classjcsikcrald enroll at the Y. M. C. A."Sbuilaing thij week.The Y. LI. C. A. Membership Commalttee is planning to put on theseecond Annual Membership Campaign at an early date. Workerswill meet at. the Y building Mondayserening-, June S. elect captain and, x-ganize two teams. The team win"siing the contest will have a strawierry and ice. cream treat the losers will wash the dishes.oPAY YOUR LICENSE, THE CITY LICENSES AEE NOW"UZJE. CALL AT ONCE AT THEPEOPLES' DEPOSIT BANK MDURUST COMPANY, AND SAVE THEZPENALIES.C. K. THOMAS,2-tf) City Collector.orCKE0BGET0WN COLLEGE 0RCHES. V TRA IN CONCERT HEREThe Georgetown College Orches-"tra, under the direction of ClarenceB. True, one of the best knownrmusical organizations in the State.nriiisive a concert, unaer tne auv radices of the Paris City School, atEbe school auditorium, Friday even--"fiias,June 2, 1922, at 8:15 p. m.This orchestra,- exceptionally"'well balanced in instrumentation,fIII -render a program principally ofyiIassLcal selections, with a few poprnlaT -numbers to-lighten the concert."Vocalists, accompanists and a monotlogist will add variety to the enter"rfxlmnent. Pour of the musicians of-tkis orchestra are booked on Chau'tiMi circuits for this summer.Tke people of Paris isrill be riven aHaear musical treat at popular prices. 1DEATHSlife Is But A rief 'Span, Ax That All Must Pay-DebtROSEMrs. Rachel Kelly Rose, widowof the late James Rose, died nearCurry, in Harrison county, Monday,after a short illness. She is survived by frve children, one of them,Wm." J. Etose, being a resident ofBourbon county. The funeral washeld Tuesday at the Mt. Pleasantchurch, in Harrison county, with services conducted by Rev. A. S. Godbey. The interment followed in thechurch yard.MOORESam Moore, 77, dropped deadwhile sitting on the front porch ofhis home in Oxford, in Scott county.He was a member of Company E.Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, in the company of which James E. Cantrill wascaptain, and John H. Morgan, general. He attended ' the decoration'services of the Confederate veterans' in Georgetown, Saturday. - Funeral services were held at the grave'Wednesday, afternoon, conducted byDr. J. S. Hagins, of -Lexington. Pallbearers were the Confederate veterans. CLAYHon. J. Will Clay, of Mt. Sterling, at one time State Senator, andone of the best-known, men in Central Kentucky, died Saturday, in St.Joseph's Hospital, Lexington, aftera loilg illness of stomach- trouble.Mr. Clay had long been one of theleading figures in the Burley tobaccoindustry in this section of Kentucky. He owned a large loose leafwarehouse in Mt. Sterling.Mr. Clay is survived by his widow,one son, W. C. Clay, and one brother. Matt C. Clay, of Mt. Sterling.The body was taken to his old homefor interment in Machpelah Cemetery. CLAYMrs. Sarah Warfield Clay, agedeighty-two, died Monday night ather home in Lexington, after a shortillness, due to a combination of diseases. Mrs. Clay was the widow ofSidney Clay, Si, who died in 1899.Mr. Clay owned a large estate inBourbon county, on which he resided until his marriage when he andMrs. Clayr moved to their1 countryestate -near Escondida. Here theycontinued to .reside until they moved to Lexington.Mrs., day was a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. John Thomas Warfield, ofLexington. Of aristocratic lineageMrs. Clay had the grace and nobility of character inherited from ancestors prominent in the history ofthe State. .She possessed a raredignity and graciousness, which -wasshown in the most lovely way inher home and as a social leader.She is survived by the followingchildren: Mrs. William -V. Judson,of Chicago; Mrs. Rogers Clay, ofFrankfort; Mrs. Wm. Preston Wooten, of Washington, C. C.;"Miss Isabel Clay, of Lexington; two sisters,Mrs. Kate Warfield Spears and Mrs.Shelby Kinkead. of-Lexington;, andthe following grandchildren: Mrs.Hiram Roseberry, of Paris; SidneyWooten, of Washington, D. C; ClayJudson, of Chicago; Rogers ClaySidney Clay, of Frankfort.Funeral services were held at thefamily home. in Lexington, Wednesday afternoon at 4:30 o'clock, withservices conducted by Bishop LewisK. Burton and Dean Robert K. Massie, of Christ Church Cathedral.The interment followed on the family lot in the Lexington Cemetery.The pall-bearers were Warfield Kinkead, Sidney Kinkead, William Kinkead, Eeasten Spears, Hiram Roseberry, William Rogers Clay, ClayJudson, Catesby Woodford.CHERRIES AND RASPBERRIESPhone us your order.C. P. COOK & CO.oUSEFUL GIFTSBRACELET WATCHES FORGRADUATION $12.00 AND UP.(26-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.o"OBITUARY WRITERS TAKENOTICE"Under the above caption EditorHiram Duley, of the FlemingsburgTimes Democrat sounds a note ofwarning to those who take greatpleasure in parading- their griefsand bereavements in the county papers at the expense of the editorsand publish ers, as follows:"We have more trouble in collecting accounts for publishing obituaries and cards of thanks than withall other kinds oi accounts. Hereafter we will not print anything ofthe sort without, cash in advance.Count the words and send one centa word, except that in cards ofthanks, where the doctor, undertaker, preacher or anyone else is included, the price will be two centsa word. Many people want o emcbalm the memory of their, doctor,undertaker or preacher in cold typeat the expense of the editor, and weare tired of it."oFOR THE GRADUATE.ALLOW US TO HELP IN YOURGIFT SELECTION.THE A. J. WINTERS CO. ""fAilPO2:00 toADOLPH ZUKORPRESENTSinThe best in all the Meighan roles, embraced in one! The story of, a rich young idler, who looked on lifepleasure. Till a careless kindly act for astrugling girl made him her hero and the man in him had toNew York's "Millionaires' Row," and the shadows that lie in her little streets. 'Chester Comedy, "Snookic's Wild Oats," and PathcWANDAWinsome Wanda Hawley as a clinging vine, wiih fattwins, poverty and rent bills, happiness n everytning.j Also Hall RoomMONDAY, JUNE 3rdWILLIAM S. HART in "Three Word Brand"Also Century Comedy, "ATOne Horse Town," and Pathe ReviewADKHSSiON- ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cMATRIMONIALiA Becord of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByA marriage license was issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Milward Godman, -55, and Miss Mary Lear, 33,both of near Hutchison, this county.CHRISTMA N CLARKThe marrifige of Miss LeonaChristman, of Harrodsburg, and Mr.Claude M. Clark,, of Frankfort, wassolemnized at the home of thebride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Christman, in Harrodsburg, Tuesdayafternoon. The bride is a handsomeand charming young woman, aniece of John and Gus Christman, ofParis, at whose home she has been afrequent visitor. The ceremony wasperformed by Rev. M. S. Clark, father of the bridegroom.After a short wedding trip theyoung people will return to Frankfort, where Mr. Clark is engaged inbusiness, to reside.CARTER REYNOLDSA wedding of very great interest took place at the Methodist parsonage Wednesday evening, May 31,vhen-Rev. C. H. Greer pronouncedthe -.ceremony that united the livesof Miss Emma Lee Carter, of Nelson county, and Mr. Elmer Reynolds, of Louisville. The bride is aniece of the officiating minister, anduntil "recently was a popular teacherin the Bloomiield school.' Mr.Reynolds holds an important position with the L. and N. railroad intheir Louisville offices.The happy pair left at once for atrip to "Washington City, NiagaraFalls, and other places of interest,and on their return will be at homein Louisville.EORE KIDWELLMiss Mary Etta Ford, daughterof James E. Ford, of Sharptown. Md.,and Mr. Robert Kidwell, of Washington, D. C, were married recently in the parlors of the Representative Church of Southern Methodism, in Washington, Rev. Dr.Chappell officiating.The bride is a former resident ofParis, and is a niece of the MissesFord, of Seventh street. She was astudent at the Paris High Schooland at Millersburg College. Mr.Kidwell is a young business man ofWashington, where he has residedmany' years.Immediately after the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Kidwell left for a visitto the bridegroom's family, inPetersburg, Va. On their return theywill go to housekeeping in a handsome home at No. 504 M Street,which is being compkted for them.RHEUMATISM-Do you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) ilan.Jnd.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply ;youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless. ' iTHE BOURBON EWSHTIANDI5:30TODAY,TH0FIAS FIEIGMAN"A PRINCETOMORROW, SATURDAYHAWLEY in "Her Sturdy Oak"Walter Hiers asBoysLODGE NOTESThe new methods of voting forGrand Lodge officers will be the feature of the meeting of BourbonLodge, I. O. O. F., Monday night,June 5. All Past Noble Grandsthe only eligible voters are requested to be present and vote fortheir favorite. This will be theironly chance to vote for Grand Lodgeofficers.-.At the recent regular meeting ofRathbone Lodge, Knights of Pythias, the following, new officers' vereelected for 1922: Chancellor Commander, Charles M Plummer; Vice-Chancellor, C. A.. Sutherland; Prelate, Venard Owens; Master-of-Work,J. W. McCord; Master atArms, Thomas Harp; Keeper ofRecord and Seals, John K. Cahal;Master of Finance, Thomas M.,Funk;Master of Exchequer, L. D. Honican;Junior Guard, J. S. Case; OuterGuard, Chas. W. Fothergill.MoreBuy,your new footwear at Paris' 'greatest Shoehave the satisfaction of getting more for your7week and see the greatest shoe values in town.BETTER SHOES BETTER STYLESMisses' and Children's PatentSlippers. Special $1.49 and..Men's Special Offering in tan workshoes, all "sizes 6 to 11. SpecialLadies' Soft Kid Comfort Strappers, rubber heels, flexibleSale price $1.49 andIIParis' Greatest ShoeV2 Wirnil J7:00 to 1 0:30FRIDAYTHERE WAS"her sturdy prop. A comedy of domestic life, with in-laws andComedy, "Beach Nuts""TEACHERS ON TRIAL"The teaching profession in Kentucky is on trial this year, and principals and instructors in countyteacher training schools throughoutthe State are called upon to givetheir very best to the work, in a letter written to all instructors andprincipals throughout the State byCharles "D. Lewis, State director ofteacher training. Mr. Lewis recallsthe various. steps taken by the legislature to give the State betterteacher training facilities and urgedtha instructors to "put pep in everyclass and every "activity," regardlessof the hot weather and to endeavorto make each school the best in theState.Mental Exercise.Owing to the changing effect of thenoon upon the tides the motion of the;arth is being retarded about one secnd every thousand yeaTs. If you havelothing else to worry about, worryibout that.E&fi&S3riC3C332a&vftForMoneyNewestSpring SlippersExtra Special Values This Week$1.99$1.85Ladies' and growing girls' patentstrap slippers. Some rubbpr &rt?.Also tan oxfords. A great value. j jjjSpecial . $ TUMen's Shoes and Oxofrds. Newspring stwles, $5.00 and $6.00 val-Q Qrues. Save money. Special JO.UUChildren's White Canvas Strap Slippers, sizes 8 to 11, $1.24; sizes llf4 J Ato il.4HSlipsoles..$1.99Ladies!- See theoffer at this lowstyles, greattans, straps and oxfords, at a bisaving. ' Sale price.Ladies' newPatent leathers,priceDAN COHENStoreWhere Beautyas only amake good!hunting-ground forThe flash of life inReview65COUNTIES WILL HAVEjER SCHOOLSSUM-Sixty-five counties have made arrangements for summer teachertraining schools, according to an announcement made by Prof. B. C.Lewis, head of the teacher trainingdepartment. The summer trainingschools were made possible by thelast legislature, which appropriated$50,000 annually for two years- foffor that pupose.D0FT WAIT TOO LONGCOMMENCEMENT TIME WILLSOON BE HERE.. LET US HATEYOUR ORDER NOW P0R ENGRAVED WORK ALL KINDS OF CARDS,INVITATIONS, ETC. A BEAUTIFUL LINE 0E SAMPLES -TO SE ,LECT PROM.BOURBON NEWS ENGRAVING DEPARTMENT. YourStore and youmoney. ComeLESS PRICESwillthis4KV: f-great values weprice. "Wonderfulselection. Patent and$3.95S2.99style satin slippers.Tan Oxfords. Saleand Economy Reign3-i1)r1JM3&aVk')-.-.!?.