t -THEAPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.; , ,fc,KVOLUME. XLI IPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1922BOURBONNEWS1 ,. ' -4 Wi30UEB0N mSTOBY ATTRACTINGGREAT INTERESTThe History of Bourbon County'sPart in the Word War, in four volumes, as compiled by Mrs. Fanniefcelle Sutherland and Mrs. AllieDickson, recently on display in thewindow of Shire & Fithian, is attracting widespread interest, especially with the parents and friendsof our 6oldier boys, whose war recocts are here given as complete asit was possible to be obtained.Biese records are for the most partin manuscript and when it is understood that this is the only completerecord to be had, their value in ameasure may be estimated.On Saturday, November 11, thesevolumes were removed to the Solflier's Memorial Building, afterwhich they were officially placed ina fire-proof vault in the BourbonCounty Court House, where theywill be accessible to the public.The committee is especially desirousthat the boys look over the volumesand see their Tecords, all of whichwill entitle Bourbon county an enviable chapter in History of theWord War.To the compilers of these volumes, not only the Kentucky Council of Defense, but the people ofBourbon county to a man, feel atteep sense of gratitude to these excellent women for the magnanimousgift they have contributed in behalfof Bourbon's boys.BOURBON MAN MAKES BIG CATTLE DEAL(Danyille Advocate)One of the largest deals that hasbeen consummated in Boyle countyfor several months was the sale byMr. Jere C. Caldwell of this city,to Mr. W. A. Thomason, of Bourbon county, one hundred and fiftyseven heavy, fat cattle, which weredelivered recently. The price paidfor this splendid bunch of classybeeves was 10 cents per pound. Thebunch averaged a little the rise ofone thousand and five pounds andis said to be one of the finest lotof Boyle County for the past several years. The cattle brought upwards of $23,000.GOOD OYSTERSWe have a shipment every daystewing size and New York Counts.C. P. COOK & CO."THE PRIDE OF PARIS"A SPECIAL GROUPINGFORTUESDAY WEDNESDAYTHURSDAYDRESSESIN SILK AND WOOLGROUPED IN THREE LOTSAT$25.00 - $29.50 - $35.00SPECIAL REDUCTIONSTUESDAY "WEDNESDAYTHURSDAYONFINEMILLINERYSPECIAL GROUPING$7.50 - $10.00 - $12.50?gBcoppliDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS,ICAPT. WM. COLLINS APPOINTEDCHIEFWm. Collins, eon of the lateJohn T. Collins, of Paris, has beenchosen head of the field service division of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association, according to announcement made bythe Burley Tobacco Association officers coincidentally with the statement that since Mr. Collins tookcharge of the field service more than21,000 members has been added tothe association.The total membership, so far asreported, with a number of countiesout, is 76,531, and Chief Collinssaid it was likely that when all thecontracts are in the membershipwill be more than 77,000.James A. Kehoe, of Maysville, andhis staff of workers reported 574contracts and Mr. Kehoe wrote thathe knew of at least 20 more notyet in and that he had set the markat 600 additional for his territory,which includes Eastern Kentuckyand Southwestern Ohio. The WestVirginia and Eastern Ohio territoryreported 60 additions, Laurel county 100, Washington 25, Hardin 50,Boyle 10, Anderson 30, Indiana200, Marion county 50, Rockcastle 20, Adair county 75 and Nelson 50.Mr. Collins' appointment is a recognition of his effective work ashead of the field service divisionsince Joseph Passonneau gave upthe office to direct the organizationof the dark tobacco growers' association. Reports from Glasgow, where theauction market opened last week,were that 21,423 pounds of burleywere sold at an average of $28.10 ahundred. Compared with 100,000pounds at the opening sale lastyear at an average of $36 a hundred, or $7.90 a hundred lower thanlast year. The quality of the tobacco sold was said to be high.TO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERS OFTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OURFLOUR MILL AND HEMP HOUSEON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOAT OUR OFFICE BUILDING ONTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)-KENTUCKYBOURBON COUNTY CELEBATESARMISTICE DAYThe most elaborate Armistice Dayexercises since the close of thegreat world war were held in ParisSaturday morning on the occasionof the dedication of the BourbonCounty Memorial Building, and heunveiling of the bronze tablet inhonor of those who lost their livesin their country's service duringthe war.The hundreds of persons who witnessed the services began to arrivefrom every section of the countyearly Saturday morning. Clearskies, a smiling sun and almostsummer weather combined to makethe day an ideal one. The businesshouses and a large number of residences were decorated with bunting and flags.The parade, which started fromSeventh street entrance of the ParisHigh School building and marchedto the open area provided betweenthe court house and the MemorialBuilding, was composed of the following: Detachment of Paris police in new uniforms; fire department motor apparatus; Pageant ofParis High School pupils, undersupervision of Miss Reba Lockhart;Erschberger's Band of Cincinnati;Bourbon County War Mothers, inautos; Millersburg Military Institute Cadets, forty-six, in uniform;By-The-Wayside History Club of P.H. S., garbed in historical costumes; Bourbon Post and visitingmembers of American Legion posts,four hundred children from JuniorDepartment of Paris City Schools;Bourbon County Boy Scouts, underScoutmaster F. A. Scott; two floats,representing "The New Declarationof Independence." and the "Community Service Playgrounds;" City'officials in autos.At the beginning of the programChairman James M. Caldwell introduced Rev. O. B. Crockett, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church, whodelivered the invocation. Led byErschberger's Band the hundredsof school children sang the national'anthem, during which the colorswere raised on the flag pole overthe Memorial Building, with appropriate military ceremonies.Chairman Caldwell instroudcedRev. Father "William O'Hare, pastorof the Church of The Annunciation,who, in a short and eloquent address, intrqduced the speaker ofthe day, W. C. G. Hobbs, of Lexington, who he called "an eminentAmerican citizen." Mr. Hobbs .delivered an eloquent and forceful address, paying a high compliment tothe Bourbon county boys and thewomen of Bourbon county whoserved during the war. and especially to those twenty-two boys whoseplaces were vacant in their homeswhen the war closed.At the close of Mr. Hobbs' address, and during the singing ofthe national anthem by the schoolchildren, the bronze tablet set in'the Broadway side of the Memorial Building, containing the namesof the Bourbon county heroes, whomade the supreme sacrifice, was-Unveiled, little Miss Nancy Crockett, daughter of Rev. and Mrs. O.B. Crockett, drawing aside thelarge American flag which had covered it. Underneath the tablet hadbeen placed a large laurel wreath,tied with a large red, white andblue bow, placed there by Rev. T. S.Smylie Commandant of the American Legion, as a tribute from theliving to the dead. The tablet, designed and executed by Tiffany Company, of New York, bore the following inscription:"This Building is Dedicated toThe Men of Bourbon CountuyWho Served Their CountryDuring The World War1917-1918Sacred To The MemoryOf Those Who Died ForLiberty, Justice and Peace.Charles Adair,Joseph H. Holt,Bishop Batterton,William A. Huddleston,John Blythe.Reuben Brent Hutchchraft, Jr.Charles C. Butler,Raymond Leslie Link,James E. Cain,James Mahorney,Miller Casey,James Weaver Neal,Harry H. Chinn,Keller B. Ssborne,r Harry H . Cunningham,Strother Pruitt,Elgin Dalzell,Rqbert M. Rice,Clemmie Dunnigen.Luther Carl Shanks,James Fuller,William Vice.Greater Love Hath No ManThan This: That a Man Lay DownHis Life For His Friends."The exercises closed with thebenediction pronounced by Rev.Walter S. Cain, rector of St. Peter'sEpiscopal church.At noon lunch was served tomembers of the American "Legionin the dinner room of the MemorialBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe November term of the Bourbon Circuit Court was called at teno'clock yesterday morning, " withSpecial Judge James C. Dedman, of(Cynthiana, presiding in place ofJudge Robert L. Stout, who is inCalifornia for the winter. The(Commonwealt was represented byCommonwealth's Attorney VictorBradley and County Attorney D. D.unne.Through a misunderstandingJudge J. E. Childers, of Pikeville,arrived in Paris yesterday morningprepared to preside at the November term of Bourbon Circuit Court.Judge Childers returned to Pikeville, after being advised that Governor Morrow had assigned JudgeDedman to preside here.I After swearing in the Sheriff, M.Peale Collier, and his deputies, theGrand Jury was empaneled andsworn in, as follows: B. M. Renick, foreman; A. L. Burley, L. M.Vanhook, James Shea. H. W. Purdy,John K. Cahal, J. T. Jefferson, I. F.McPheeters, D. P. Jones, W T. Lin-ville, Houston Crouch and C. P.Cook.Judge Dedman delivered hischarge to the Grand Jury in a shortstatement. He said that in thesetimes it wes getting to the pointwhere a grand jury was almost superfluous. He stated that like allother counties in the State, Bourbonhad its percentage of law violationsand that the grand jury knew whatthey were, and should take properaction on all cases presented fortheir consderation. He complimented the court officials, the county and city oilieials in their mannerof upholding the law dnd statedthat he had always heard Bourboncounty had the best set of officialsof any in the State. Referring tothe illicit liquor traffic he urgedthe grand jury to promptly investigate all such infractions of the.law, and do their duty in that particular respect. He stafed thatmoonshining, once thought to bethe especial privilege and occupation in the mountain secens. hadI now invade 1 the B'.niass andseemed to be flourishing, in hpt3 or(all efforts te radicate it. He complimented the officials on what theyhad done, and arged them to usei every effort to suppress the trafficand convict those engaged in it. Hegave the usual charge rfl?ardiiur Investigation cf all forms of lav violation, and told ' the jurv that asthey were men of fire intelligencethey would know jus whar to dowithout being :nld.j After the charge to the grandjury and disposing of some minort business the Court adjourned until! this morning at nine o'clock, thegrand jury remaining in session.oCHILDREN'S COATSCHILDREN'S COATSLEADER. PARIS, KY.AT THEWOMAN SHOOTS MAN NEARSHAWHANNear Shawhan, Sunday afternoon, during an altercation betweenj two men, named Wigglesworth andBarnett, Wm. Farmer, section bosson the Louisville and Nashville, endeavored to act as peacemaker, andgot between the men endeavoringto separate them.While thus engaged a woman ranto Mrs. Farmer, who resided nearby, and tol'1 '"r that the men werefighting her husband. Mrs. Farmersecured her revolver, and going tothe scene, fired one shot, taking effect in Wiggleworth's left arm,passing through into his left side.Mrs. Farmer stated that she becameexcited, and under the impressionthat her husband was beingroughly treated, was taking hispart.Mrs. Farmer was placed underarrest by Sheriff M. Peale Collier jajid Deputy Sheriff James Gibson, jand brought to Paris, where she!was placed under a nominal bond, ,signed by Jos. Farmer, of Paris, andreleased from custody. It was alleged that the men were intoxicated.A bottle of moonshine was alleged to have been found hidden ina chicken house at the Farmerhome. Farmer was recognized forhis appearance before County JudgeGeorge Batterton in the CountyCourt.There is a big and vital difference between the man who can't getmad, and the man who won't.Building, which was beautifullydecorated. The dinner was servedby a committee of Bourbon CountyWar Mothers. Nicely arranged ina show case in the front hall of the.Memorial Building was a collection'gathered overseas by Dr. E. M. Orr.All the clubs embraced in theBourbon County Federation of Women's Clubs took a prominent partin the proceedings, and were amongthose whose services were useful inthe serving of the lunch at theMemorial Building.WAR MOTHERS PLAN AID FOREX-SOLDIERSMrs. James Douglas, BourbonCounty War Mother, Mrs. LouisWollstein, Bourbon County ChapterSecretary, . and Mrs. Lojuis Rogers,chairman of the Finance Committee, attended the meeting of theKentucky War Mothers, held inLexington, at which representativesfrom all Chapters of the State werepresent. The meetings were heldin the Phoenix Hotel parlors, withMrs. John Graham Johns, of Winchester, State War Mother, presiding. Those present far the meeting were: Mrs. James Douglas,Bourbon county war mother; Mrs.L. Wollstein. Bourbon county chapter secretary; Mrs. Virgil McClure,State chapter secretary; Mrs. PeterCampbell, Louisville, State chaptercorresponding secretary; Mrs. JohnHerring, Georgetown, State secondvice war mother; Mrs. J. C. Dary,Clark county war mother; Mrs.John Arnold, Winchester, Clarkcounty "chapter secretary; Mrs. Wm.Dowell Oldham, State recording secretary. Reports from various chaptersshowed especially active work. TheJefferson county chapter raised $3,111.81; Clark county, $70, andMontgomery county, ?90.Mrs. Gus L. Heyman was electedchairman of the Ways and MeansCommittee, and Mrs. WilliamDowell Oldham, national legislativechairman, was elected State legislative chairman and publicity manager; Mrs. Alice Walcutt, of Frankfort, was elected chairman of future work; Mrs. John Herring,chairman of history and research,and Mrs. Louis Rogers, of Paris,chairman of finance.Each chairman will select her owncommittee, and other chairmen willbe elected at the meeting to be heldthe first Monday in December.Mrs. Reuben Hutchcraft, advisorywar mother, is chairman of the flagcommittee, the, State ExecutiveBoard as a body being the committee members.Regrets were expressed becauseof the continued illness of Mrs. ,Hutchcraft. 1The hospitalization of men in-!jured in service, endorsement of adjusted compensation for former service, men, just compensation board, 'release of prisoners convicted for allexcept heinous offenses committedduring service in the world war,army and navy be put on same basisS?-SN-Krr'-SM &'-? -H-jVr?---i"t3f ami I v "vvi. iiwK SIAt $8 Xjcivfeiwr" i" j -1 ta - 7h25 REDUCTIONONANY HAT IN OUR STOCKINCLUDING TRIMMED, STREETAND SPORT HATSEXTRA SPECIAL SALEOFFleur de Lis and$5.00 $7.50 $9.75KRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSMRS. OFFUTT'S WILL PROBAHIn the County Court Friday, tkplast will and testament of the lata VNMrs. Jasper Offutt, who died at krhome on the Lexington road, nearnear Paris, last week, was probateby County Judge George Battertom.By the terms of the document, Mrs.Offutt left the sum of $3,000 to tieParis Presbyterian church, and, 1000 to its pastor, Rev. T. S. Smylie,and $1,000 to James Wheeler, acolored servant, who had bee afaithful member of her householdfor many years.Other beneficiaries are her heirs,who will get the rest of her property when all bequests are paI4.They are Miss Julia A. Wilson, ofDallas, Texas; Julian C. Wasson, oCWatsonville, Cali.; Mrs. MargaretC. Madera, Varsailles; Mrs. Gea.Dunlap. Lexington; Mrs. Addie H.Childers, Versailles; Mrs. JamesWilmott, Lexington; Miss MargaretWilson McLeod, Bourbon county;Miss Louise Warford, and Mrs. I."B. Conway, Calif.; Miss Sue Johnson, Paris; Miss -, Jennie Whittington and Mrs. Dr. Posey, Frankfort.Mrs. Offutt diActed that MissJulia A. Wilson. Mrs. Madera andMrs. Dunlap shall share equally inthe residue of the estate with herheirs, and that her personal effects be divided by Mrs JacobJacoby, Mrs. Dunlap and Mrs. Madera. The Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Company, of Paris, waappointed executor of the estate, thetrust being accepted and bond furnished in the sum of $60,000.oDON'T PUT IT OFFOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold out.Come in, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. as to retirement, United Statesarmy men placed on same basis asto position of warrant officers asthat conferred on -the drafted army,establishment of memorials and cooperation with world war veteransin every possible manner, are themain features of the work planned-,by the War Mqthers of Kentuckyand stated in resolutions adopted.-Hand Made BlousesAT. i"i,w.. .."4.v f rJ s' frc -'A' t?yz Si,THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY ; .'PAGE TWOTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1HTTHE BOURBON NEWSpitiUisked 18PI 41 Years of Continuous PublicationKbliihed Every Tuesday and Fridayer, Year $2.006 Honths $1.00T f Payable Cash in Advance.'IWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Satered at the Paris, Kentucky,Portoffle as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)DTE MIND THE TIMEthe cheap, thoughtless gossip thatcauses so many heartaches in theworld. Certainly there could be no jmore wortny tasK man. to increase -- ,Wo no..-.-- jrarmnmii TU1 FQEEIGK SEPBESENTA,i f TIVES.ITeW York American Press Asso-'Chicago lord & Thomas.Phikdelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Aitanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCuLGinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.the number of those who guardtheir tongues against unkindness.You make your ills all doubleIf over them you fret;The, one who borrows troubleTakes on a heavy debt.The village philosopher says:"One sure sign of the emancipationof women is that they've abandonedthe smoothing iron and taken upthe shooting iron."ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 5 1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per inch.ach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orther matter for publication,Announcements for political' officesmust invariably be accompanied byhe cash.Fashion expertsIf it is true that Henry Ford islosing $300,000 a month on hisrailroad, he might as well havetried showing old publishers howto run a newspaper.Paris, As Told in THENEWS' Files?DAYS OF AULD LANG SYNEThey are as yellow and bright as afield full of sunflowers or dandelions. Tom is too utterly happy tobe living on this mundane sphere.If all the new enterprises wereto be suddenly consumated, whichare set affoat by the. Lexingtonnewspapers, Paris would have todraw up, or Lexington would sooncrowd her over into Stoner.Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm - or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will befcladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGSRemember the time when a Parisbeau thought he wasn't dressed upunless he had about fifty cents'worth of perfume slaverred overhis coat?Advertisers may comment on theimportance of "getting the goods inthe front' window," but the bestthing is to be sure that you havethe real goods to go in the frontwindow.Did you ever stop to wonderwhy a railroad train on which thereis no sleeper, no diner, no smoker,no water, no ventilation, no porterand no news butcher is termed an"accommodation train?"Lingerie and liquor are interwoven in a lawsuit filed in a NewYork court to oust one of the partners of a lingerie shop who is al-There's no denying that to mostof us there is a certain satisfaction !in reviewing the events of long ago, The True Kentuckian says thatas they are presented to us, either Ray Honey lives in Paris, and Jakecasually or by force of some remin- Vinegar, "in Frankfort. . We would!iscent strain of the moment. And like to know what of that? Jaketo' those who lived here in -the long crabtree lives in Breathitt county;ago the recalling of events in the;Jake Mitchelltree, in Nicholas counold days of Paris affords a peculiar it and Jake Roundtree in Robertsatisfaction all its own. They, per-! x . .. - .Predict that hntlB nr than w who hRVA!BOB WUUl3r' WJ111B "" jaKe flMhoopskirts "will come back. Hor-1 grown used to the old place, will Snapped himself away frqp Headrors! Traffic is congested badly ! aDnreciate these items, taken at quarters-to Illinois.enough as it is. random from a copy of THE BOUR-1 Mr. Burt Scully, of Lexington,BON NEWS, of Tuesday, April 11, has moved to the Ogden farm near1882: this city, and opened a trainingstable for race horses. He has, 15Born, on April 7, to the wife of head now in training. The pinkA. J. Dudley, a daughter. eye hag been &mQng his h6rsesFelix Lowry is delivering his to- and Ballard, one of the favoritesbacco here at 20 cents per pound for J0?7' has ad adsold to Keller & McGraw, of Shaw- attack' but i8 now wel1 and takinshie wrvrlrVinn IGrowing wheat and corn may stopHay may be unfit to mow;But politicians form a cropThat never fails to grow.Eight millions Russians are saidto be in need of aid. There arefully as many Americans as thatwho are not prosperous, but theystill shuffle along just the same.A really progressive metropolitan newspaper these days is onewhich furnishes its readers with acard index to help them keep upwith all the murder mysteries intheir columns. .The members of the AmericanBankers' Association believe inwetting their whisles. After theirrecent meeting held in New YorkCity where they wrestled over greatfinancial questions, the janitors carried out forty-three empty cases.Let's see, who attended from Paris?No paper that is a live wire andhas the, interest and the welfare ofthe community at heart, can afford to oppose public improvements.But at the same time, it is its dutyto see that the; people's money ishandled in a business and economical way, and to the best interest ofthe tax-payers, no difference who ithits.Uncle Sammy seems to be a littleslow at times, but have patienceand he will get there. It only tookhim twelve years to deliver a postalcard from Evansville, Indiana, toVincennes, a distance of fifty miles,and no women clerks on the route.The card was not even moth-eaten.And we recall that it once took twodays for THE NEWS to get abetterthat wns mnilprl nt Millprshurp-. nnlvleged to be a "lady bootlegger.". ... .. OTTro.m i cigub mntki anaj .wen, naven c liquor ana lingeriealways spelled trouble?mYou can safely bet your last centthat 'the fellow the kids and thedogs like" and are not afraid of isall right at heart. It doesn't takeeither very long to know whethera man is all right with them, andThese October weddings havecaused the following wild thoughtsto surge through the brain of theengineer of this column: The brideblushing and beautiful she represents the wisdom of the ages, r andthe hope of the future years. Inher is bound up the promise of ex-they do not hesitate to show that Penence. bhe is lovely m her m-nocence. ane is a monarcn in nerIhey kaow it, either.Age brings us nothing betterthaM the growing understanding of"how' utterly" useless and senseless itis to fuss and flime and fret overtrifles that could be blown away ina breath: And all the fussing, fretting and fuming hurts the fusser.more than anyone else.-3 .News dispatch says: "Fashion-u.e u. iu. .m. -i. n The wcddIng would be a flat flzzleaoanaommg cisweu.es ana bmoinB , without him. hiit vmi wnnlri npver... - w . -.r WV ,, W .. W -, V , Vpotentialities. She is queen of theyear, and she wears her crownwith becoming dignity. There isno possibility of mistaking herprime impqrtance to the ceremony,and why should there be, is she notthe bride? And the groom, well, heis comparatively unimportant, hutit is necessary that he should bethere to say the responses. He isneat and nervous, or if he isn't, neathe will hear about it afterwardprobably from dear mother-in-law.There were 75 excursionists fromthis place who went on the special Jtrain to Cynthiana to attend theBarnes meeting Sunday.FOUNDLouisville & Nashville RailroadCHANGE IN TIMEEFFECTIVE NOV. 13, 1922For detailed information apply to local ticket agentn,f TT, , VIL22-f 9 .K"''Mir TreGiTr f::i jjw'i"1 -.'-an - TnrzHn7GET YOUR BULBS NOW!J iWe are displaying the most complete assortment we'have, ever. had. The same high grade we use for ourown cut flower growing. Don't fail to investigate before buying. r n ? ,JOHN CHRISTMAN CO.; FLORISTS iNineteenth St., Near Main Both PhonesThe Louisa KleizerAt the Western High School, anronertv sold ring. Owner can obtain samewhere Mrs. Turney keeps a notion b proving Pperty and paying allstore, was sold at' public sale Sat- jurday, to Roger O'Conner, for $3,-800.In future, our Railroad Commissioner, F. L. McChesney, will make .PUBLIC SALEWe will sell at public sale Thurs-his headquarters in Frankfort, and day, November 16, at 2:30 p. m.,Jimmie will be the guiding light of for Mrs. D. G. Taylor her vacantI4The Citizen.Tice Hall, an aged and wealthycitizen of Scott county, died Saturday at Georgetown. He was ason-in-law of Ben Harris, of thisplace, and left an estate valued at$200,000.Charlie White, an ex-editor atlot 62xl71, located on Fifteenthstreet.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(10-2t)LOSTat THE NEWS office and receive reward.Dipes." It looks as if emancipation is in sight for the marriedman whose wife his held in abeyance his earnest desire to smokehis favorite pipe at? dinner parties.."The King Will Hold a CouncilTo-day" is the complete announcement made in a London paper of animportant event in English royal-circlefi. Many Americans 'who shouttheir devotion to democracy andtheir contempt of kings will find ithard to understand how a newspaper can dispose of such an event in.seven words.Sheriff's fees in the collection of'school taxes must be paid out of theschool fund and not out of the general fund, and the amount received cannot in any case exceed l percent of the total school fund, theCourt of Appeals at Frankfort held.The question was presented tothe High Court on an appeal andm A , , , cross appeal from the JeffersonTwo Kentucky preachers recent-. Circuit Cour(. ,n caseg brought byly indulged in a street scrap m william K RosSf former Sheriff of-which hsts we,re used freely ana Jefferson county.each called the other names out ofguess that from the way the otherrams push him around. He isn'teven the best man, he's only thegroom.VKSHERIFFS FEES CUT BY COURTOF APPEALS RULINGthe Bible. Somehow or other therealways seems to be something peculiarly inconsistent and incongruous jin the spectacle of men attempting to inculcate the precepts of theiBible by the use of fists.An organization to be known asthe "Padlock Society" is soon to bestarted in Paris. Those joining it-unlock a padlock, make a pledge,then lock the padlock. This is thepledge they make: "I promise totry my utmost never to say an unkind thing about anyone, whethertrue or. untrue." JEvery New Year'sBay the pledge must be renewed.The Padlock Society is a' worldleague of sealed iips to stopHOW CAR WAS WRECKEDTDO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSQUICK ECONOMICALAt Paris High School, or on thestreets of Paris, a diamond ring,Maysville, cut Dr. John Mitchell a'tb smali set. Finder please leavesevere gash in the neck with a penknife, last week, in way of punctuating a little argument.Capt. Dan Turney will add considerably more in way of improvements to the Bluq Licks Hotel thisseason, in way of making room forhis rapidly increasing trade. TheCaptain also proposes to put hisshoulder to the wheels of a new enterprise in way of a railroad fromthe hotel to the Licking Riverbridge on the K. C, and in orderto give the scheme a boost, willsubscribe $15,000 in stocks. Heonly wants $20,000 more, and hewill call it a "go."Ed Fothergill, for many yearsthe foreman of the True Kentuckianoffice, died of galloping consumption last Friday, at 11:30 a. m.He was in the 35th year of his age,and by dint of hard strokes, day andnight, he accumulated a snug littlestart in life, which was invested incity property. His life was insured in the Ancient Order of UnitedWorkmen, for $6,200. This, withhis other property, will be heiredby his brother, Charlie, and hissister, Mrs. Eph. January.The remains of John Cronin,who committed suicide in Mt. Sterling, were buried in the stranger'slot of the Catholic Cemetery here,on Monday of last week. Cronin'sbrother, of Cynthiana, claimed that-he had a right to bury the remainson his father's lot in the consecrated grounds, but being barredfrom" that privilege, owingto it being -in strict violation of the rulesof the Catholic church, he appealedto Bishop -Toebbe, of Covington, whoconfirmed ther action of the churchauthorities here.'Last Friday, Mayor Hinton andCol. John Caldwell prepared twonice buckets of minnows, at an extravagant outlay of time and ducats and hied away five miles inthe country, to have a big fishingspree" with Will Ferguson. On arriving at the pond, they were overwhelmed with surprise, to find thatthey had left their two minnowbuckets in town, and but for theirhappy streak of luck in finding alittle willow-covered lunch basketwith a cork stopper, they wouldhave been all broken up with griefand sorrow. Moral: Always carrya little supply of grief-killer whenyou go fishing.The Rev. Geo. O. Barnes will beinvited by Capt. Turney, to spendtwo weeks at his Blue Licks hotel,to recreate the coming season.Bro. Barnes has adjourned fromParis to Cynthiana, where the sinners believe the road to glory ishedged with -- still-houses, andHeaven itself is one huge bonded jwhisky warehouse.Bro. Barnes and Miss Marie jgladly greet some of their manyBourbon friends every day at Cyn-!thiana. They appear like old home)folks to them. Instead of finding!(fHWHtH (inilMIIIIII W&h,"fi'Mt&hWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical NoveltiesElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc. .das HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEJob Printing of All Kinds is Our SpecialtyThe Biiick They Judge ByThe Model "45" Si Cylinder Touring-1195Better Body ConstructionBrace in the body frames of Buickopen models are bolted through thewooden frame work instead of being;merely screwed into it Bolting thesebraces prevents the joints from looseningunder driving strains. Note how thebracketforthewindshieldpostisboltedmseven places, making it absolutely rigid.In mounting the bodies on the chassismore bolts are used to secure the body.The famoas"Haick five-passenger, six cylinderopen model today, as in past years, sets thestandard of automobile value.It is the motor car by which others are judgedbecause it represents the best of each year'sdevelopments in mechanical refinements, appearance and riding comfort.The Buick Model "45" combines the characteristic Buick qualities of performance andstability with distinctive beauty and a completeness of appointments not to be found,elsewhere.Well be pleased to give you a demonstrationany time.The Buick Line for 1923 Comprises Fourteen Models:Foots 2 Past. Roadster. $865; 5 Pass. Touring. $885; 3 Pan.Coupe, $1175; 5 Pass. Sedan. $1395; 5 Paw. Touring Sedan.$1325. , Sixea 2 Paa. Roadster, $1175; 5 Pas. Touring. $1195;5 Paes. Touring Sedan, $1935; 5 Pass. Sedan, $1985; 4 Pass.Coupe, $1895; 7 Pass. Touring. $1435; 7 Paa. Sedan, $2195;Sport Roadster, $1625; Sport Touring, $1675. Prices f. o. b.Buick factories. Ask about the Q. M. A. C Purchase Plan.which provides for Deferred Payments.D-38-16-NP(Carlisle Mercury)At a sharp curve on the Maysville and Lexington pike near theBourbon Nicholas line, a wreckedautomobile was found, practicallyall of the belongings having beenremoved. In the bottom of the carwas a picture post card of a youngman in the act of leaning over tokiss a young girl and underneaththe printed statement, "Oh, this isso sudden. Bourbon folks proud and haughty.The windshield, left fender and they find them just the reverse. iDoth wheels of the car were broken. Conductor Tom McLaughlin, of - qJ"nH-""""" r" , 'It is not known who owned the th tt n Ii'kb . 0 .!. iJ J ' r- '"" -- " '-. - N 'mile at having full control over a viiijcvt" iil l.-.ji ' " ' " ' "" "whole line of new. Oscar Wilde cars. WHEN Bt.1 lfcH AUTOMOBILES ARE BUILT, BUICK WILL BUILD. THEM .C. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Streetscar as the license plate had beenremoved.-- . i' - hihE.2I.S-?PAGEvi 'TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, .1922H "'1' HTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYinmv i . m milTT"PLOATERS" HAVE DISAP-KENTUCKY NOW EOURTHPUREBRED CAMPAIGNINPERSONALSSTRAIN TOO GREATWhat has become of the voterthat insisted upon have a drink before he would go and vote? Whenprohibition came he threatened never to vote again, but by this timebe has gotten used to it and becomeaccustomed to exercise suffragewithout a stimulant.Before prohibition, when whiskywas regarded by many as an election essential, such a voter had tobe reckoned with. Ordinarily hewould resent being termed a "floater." but he could not be budged inthe direction of the polls until hehad been furnished with a "mule'searful" of mean whisky. Afterthat he was willing to vote.Another bane of the electionworker is the voter that must besent for repeatedly before he can beinduced to go to the polls. He evenhas been known to pass the door ofthe voting place, but with a perverseness that is aggravating to theworkers he will not vote until itsuits his fancy, usually just beforethe polls close. Ordinarily-he is apartisan and cannot be influencedin casting his vote but he keeps theworkers on his side in hot wateruntil he is marked off the list.AGENTS WANTEDIndustrious men and womenwanted to retail the genuine Watkins Products in city territories.Exceptional opportunity to tie upwith oldest and largest company ofits kind. Our- hustlers average income is $1.10 an hour. Are you doing as well? If not, write to-dayfor free samples and particulars.THE J. r: WATKINS CO.,Dept. 82, Memphis, Tenn.(nov3-tf)v oI. & N. BUYING ENGINES ANDDOUBLE TRACKING(Hazard Leader)The L. & N. Railroad Companyhas purchased thirty-six new largetype engines to be put in service inthe coal fields of Kentucky. Theseengines are much larger than theheaviest now operating on tthis division and it is evident from thispurchase and the buying of otherequipment thati the railroad company is expecting a vigorous revival in the coal business. That theybelieve in the Hazard field is alsoevidenced by the double trackingwork that will be started hismonth.Fifteen and one-half miles ofdouble track will be laid, startingat South Hazard and going toChavies.We have sent Europe twentynine billion dollars. If any one manhad that much in America he couldafford to live at a hotel.Plant This FallFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the most complete nursery book ever issued inthe South. It is free for the asking.H. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsBLUE GEASS NUESEEIES,Lexington, Kentucky.In three months during the suinmer past, Kentucky went from fifthto fourth place among all stakes inthe number of farmers who haveenrolled in the nation-wide "Better-Sires-Better-Stock"campaign byagreeing to use nothing but purebred sires in all their breedingwork, according to the latest quarterly report on the project whichhas just been received at the College of Agriculture. During thosethree months, from July X untilOctober 1. more farmers were enrolled in the movement in Unioncounty than in any other county inthe country, according to the report. County Agent L. C. Brewer,working in co-operation with thecollege extension division, enrolled50 farmers in the drive for betterlivestock. Of the 573 enrollmentsthat were obtained throughout theUnited States during the threemonths named, 246 came from Kentucky. The drive, for better livestock,which is being carried on in allStates of the country by State agricultural colleges in co-operationwith the United States Departmentof Agriculture, is now in its fourthyear the State of Kentucky stoodat the bottom of the listof all States when the work started but has made steady progressand at the present time is precededby Ohio, Virginia and Nebraska inthe order named. Oldham county,where County Agent Gordon B.Nance is directing the work, hastaken a prominent place in thedrive, that county being one of 15in which more than 100 farmersare enrolled.Up to the present time, Oldhamcounty is second, Christian third,Wayne fourth and Fulton fifth.Other Kentucky counties in whichgood work is being done in thedrive to improve live stock areTodd. Allen, Barren. Carroll, Muhlenberg and Nelson. County agentsin many counties of the State aremaking a definite start towardbettering livestock conditions bymaking livestock surveys to findout the number of grade, scrub andpurebred animals in their districts.SALESMAN WANTED"Wanted, salesman for Paris andvicinity. Commission contractonly, for sparej time or full time.We will teach you to sell incomeprotection through our free schoolof instruction and help you builda profitable business. Massachusettes Bonding and Insurance Company, Accident and Health Department, Saginaw, Michigan, Capital$1,500,000. , (novl4-17)BREAKACOLlTINJFEW HOURS"Pape's Cold Compound" Acts Quick,Costs Little, and NeverSickens! K ;BRIGHTEIC!Yi5WlVy"g,Nc-L rEvery druggist here .guaranteeseach package of "Pape's Cold Compound" to break up any cold andend grip misery in a few hours ormoney returned. Stuffiness, . pain,headache, feverishness. inflamed orcongested nose and head relievedwith first dose. These safe, pleasanttablets cost only a few cents andmillions now take them instead ofsickening quinine. (adv-T)oBLUE GRASS SEED HELD BYGROWERS(ERH TWA ?S! f t ' IV Sflterday for an extended visit tofriends in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Daviswere guests of friends in Cincinnait several days last week.Mrs. Dejarnett, of Paris, andMiss Sallie Curtis, of Maysville,are visiting Mrs. William Dern, atFort Thomas.Miss Imogene Redmon has returned from Louisville, whe,re" shehas been a patient several weeks atthe Norton Memorial Infirmary.Mr. and Mrs. George K. Redmon are entertaining the latter'ssister, Miss Sarah Elizabeth Ratliff,of Irvine, at their home on Cypressstreet. ;C. C. Bosworth, of Lexington,was in the city several days lastweek on business as Receiver forthe Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany.Thos. Henry Clay III, studentat the Washington and Lee University at Lexington, Virginia, is athome for a visit to his mother,Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.Mr. and Mrs. Julian Allen, ofMillersburg, were guests of Mr.and Mrs. William Grayot, in Louisville, for the week-end and attended the football game in LouisvilleSaturday.Miss Nancy Young, who is attending the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, spent the week-endin Paris, as guest of her parents,Mr. and' Mrs. John T. Young, onCypress street.Misses Edna Snapp, and Adeline Mann have returned to theirschool duties in the Covington HighSchool, after a visit to the former's mother, Mrs. Alice Snapp, onLilleston avenue.Miss Lucille Franks has returned to her home in Talladega,Alabama, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. M. F. McCurdy. She was accompanied as far as Lexington byMrs. McCurdy.Mrs. Nannie Baird has returned to her home in Kansas City, after a visit to Mrs. Laura Bayless,at her home on Pleasant street.Mrs. Baird was maid of honor atMrs. Bayless' wedding .fifty yearsago.Mr. and Mrs. Frank E. Faulkner entertained at rook at theirhome on South High street, the hospitality including two tables ofplayers. Delightful refreshmentswere served at the conclusion ofthe games.Master Jerome Veatch Isaacs,who has been seriously ill for thelast week with gastric fever, at thehome of his grandparents, Mr. andMrs. J. J. Veatch, on Fithian avenue, is slowly improving, with goodprospects for recovery.Miss Carrie Rose, who has beenemployed as bookkeeper for a largewholesale firm in Huntington, WestVa., for the past year, has resignedher position and returned to Paris,where she has resumed her formerposition with the A. F. WheelerFurniture Co.The regular meeting of theMillersburg Twentieth CenturyClub was held Saturday, with MissRuth McClintock as hostess, andMrs. H. C.' Carpenter as leader.The following program was rendered: Roll Call, Current Events;Current Events from magazines,Miss McClintock, Miss NannieClark, Mrs. James Miller, Miss Caroline Mclntyre; Discussion, "Activities of The American Legion,"Mrs. H. C. Current.(Other Personals on Page 5)Hundreds of Paris ReadersDaily Toil a BurdenFindThe hustle and worry of businessmen,'The hard work and stooping ofworkmen,The woman's household cares,Often weaken the kidneys.Backache, headache, dizziness,Kidney troubles, urinary troublesfrequently follow.A Paris citizen tells you what todo.O. T. Sprake, contractor and carpenter, 304 Main street, says: "Ihave been a sufferer from kidneytrouble for many years an (T Doan'sKidney Pills is the best medicine Ihave ever been able to find. Theyalways give me fine relief and Ican't recommend them too highly.I have been y in bad shape at timesand backache caused me to lay offwork for several days. I was greatly annoyed by the frequent passage of the kidney secretions whichcontained a sandy sediment. WhenI have any need for such a medicineI use Doan's and it doesn't takethem long to fix" me up in goodshape."Price 60c, at alj dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Sprake had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.RICE NEXT KENTUCKY CROP?The recent successful experimentof a Southern Indiana farmer ingrowing a crop of rice that netted anormal yield to the acre, raises thequestion as to whether the samething cannot be done in Kentucky.Climatic and other conditions areabout the same, it is pointed out,and the soil in some sections of theState may be adapted to the cultivation of rice in paying quantities.Whether the cultivation of ricehas ever been attempted in Kentucky is not known, but in thelight of the southern Indiana experience it might be worth a trial.The production of rice cultivation in the United States has beencredited to Thomas Jefferson, the"Sage of Monticello," who whileMinister to Italy, is said to havesurreptitiously filled his pocketswith rice for seeding. Prior to thatthe crafty Italian growers are saidto have prevented the propagationof rice elsewhere by running therice through a machine that boreda hole in each kernel and preventedgermination.Many of the props for whichKentucky is famous were firsttried as experiments and graduallybrought up to their present status.Burley tobacco, now the leadingstaple crop of Central Kentucky,had a modest beginning fifty yearsago.Ji JflSTlb M WHM HHMMiBHHMMWe inviteYour AccountEarning money and not having a pass tcck is likebuilding a house and not putting a roof on it. Money inthe bank makes a shelter for you and your family when the"rainy day" comes. If you haveo bank account STARTone. If you have a bank account strive to INCREASE theBALANCE of your credit as much as you can while youcan. We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust. Company?bheotiatism:Just HistoryIn 70The .Colonial DameSpun her clotkBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her raestiBy Coal Oil light.And later' on,How time does passHer home was litBy nickering Gai.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.(U. S. Government Bulletin)Only about one-third of the 1922crop of Kentucky bluegrass seed ill"Kentucky has been sold by growers, while in Missouri all but about5 was reported as having beensold by October 17. The pool ofgrowers in Kentucky, which controls practically all of the farmerowned seed remaining unsold inthat State, is not satisfied with prevailing offers of about $1.35-$1.50per bushel for rough cured seed.They are expecting about $23 per100 pounds for recleaned seed andit is reported that they intend toestablish a selling price in the nearfuture. Some of the Missouri dealers have been offering $1.60 perbushel tor stray lots or rough cur- jed seed outside of the pool in Kentucky and for the very smallamount of good seed still unsold inthe Missouri district.During the week ending October21, about 33,000 pounds of Kentucky bluegrass se,ed was exportedfrom New York to France. Seedsmen's selling prices have advancedmaterially during the past fewweeks and average of '$25-26. per100 pounds for 21-pound seed.LOCATING OLD STATIONS INKENTUCKYThe locating of thq fortified stations used by the pioneers in theopening up of Kentucky's wilderness in the seventeen hundreds haslong been an interesting study, butit is only recently that definite information has been obtained concerning many of these pioneer stations in Central Kentucky, and thetheme was discussed at the meetingof the Bradford Historical Societyby the president, Professor A. M.Miller, who has done much research along this line. In the official list the, following are creditedto Bourbon county: 'Cooper's, on Cooper's Run, twomiles southwest of Kiser.Grant's (Colonel John) nearLowe, (abandoned railroad stationon the L. & N. R. R.) about fivemiles northeast of Bryant's. Settled in 1779, abandoned in 1780and resettle in 1784.Huston's, ' present site of Paris.Settled in 1776.Martin's (Johh) on Stoner Creek,three" miles below Paris. JohnMartin built a cabin here in 1775.Settled - in 177,9. Destroyed in17S0 "by the British and Indians.Do you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Act ive Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.oKENTUCKY'S FAMOUS EINDSPlace Your Orders Early ForFallPlanting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsBourbon Nurseriest M4t 4 1 1 l"H"t"M"M' 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 X II ft :IGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceParis Gas & Electric Co.-- - -.When you tear the other chapdown, remember you are laying apoor foundation for yourself.oThe cost of living has had the effect of making old-fashioned hospitality scarcer.BRINGING HOME THE BACON.The advertising man, like thesalesman, is of no value unless heproduces results. The Advertising"World, published at Columbus, O.,is a ready help to the retail advertiser who is on the look-out for newpoints of appeal and new salesideas. It sells at $2.00 a year;single copies 20c.o ' ,Ever notice that the fellows whodevote their time assiduously todominoes seldom becomeagitators?The turning up of a pot containing the equivalent of $48,000 inBritish gold sovereigns of ancientcoinage by a Pulaski county farmerwhile making an excavation recallsnumerous like finds that have madeKentucky a veritable treasure trove.Every now and then, some hiddentreasure is unearthed in the State,and the aggregate of such finds inthe last; twenty years would represent a large sum.While 'the Pulaski county find issupposed to have been buried inpioneer times, most of the hidden,treasure unearthed vin the Stateseems to have been secreted duringthe war between the States, whenKentucky, owing to the peculiarconditions that existed by reason ofthe intense sectional feeling, offered an incentive for hiding moneyand valuables.In some cases tihe coinage datesof the hidden treasure establish thefact that it was buried during thatperiod, and the theory is that fcheowners either failed to mark markthe hiding-place or died durnig thewar and left no evidence of hiddenwealth.Some finds of hidden treasure arenever reported by those that unearth them. Only a few years agothe circulation of ancient coins in acerfiain section of the S.tate wastraced to a man who it developedhad turned up a pot of money equalto $15,000 while plowing in field.Buried treasure has been found inpractically every county in Kentuckyr'and the probabilities areviolent that more of it will he unearthedfrom time to'time.BOTH TELEPHONESNight299I Day137HffMHfKfHMlMMnilllHlllMOChange of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.IncorporatedA - v4W;?ELECTRICAL WORKH Cfe rePar an(l install1 all kinds of ElectricalEquipmentBell Work gHousewiringContracting 'FixturesAll Sizes BulbsOUR PRICES ARE RIGHT OUR WORK GUARANTEEDLET US GIVE YOU AN ESTIMATE ON YOUR WORKBLUE GRASS ELECTRIC CO.PARIS, KY. 425 Main St. CUMB. PHONE 500Try Us With That Next Job!We PrintAnythingAny TimePRINTINGAU WorkDeUTcre.OnTtaM& l$CS-Xq(B DPPARTMCNTair5?')ifVJfJ - ".J1-n ft''-srJiF, JbIhxur!-ruI V-?f "oq-; - .- ' r. ,-f. S ', f-, ? .V, iJ-&?tiSI 1 . J.g-yk - .,. $JfK-.-' i-PAGE FOITRTHE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1922CANTRILL FOR GOVERNOR?FORMER P. H. S. SUPERINTENDENT DEAD IN BROOKLYNYesterday's Louisville Herald had"the following first-column-first-pagestory from the pen of Robert E.Dundon, political writer, regardingthe possible candidacy of Congressman-electJ. Campbell Cantrill forGovernor of Kentucky:"Regradless of the effort ofsmall coterie of Democratic politicians and Louisville newspapermento "handpick" the candidate of thatparty for Governor and to raise obstacles against worthy party mem- School. The Brooklyn Eaglebers who may seek the nomination, . M1nwiTlfr.the candidate will be selected by theparty itself, and not by such indiProf. Eli Witwer Weaver, at onetime Superintendent of the ParisCity Schools, and one of the bestknown educators in America, diedat his home. No. 25 Jefferson ave-jnue, in Brooklyn, New York, after'on iiinocQ nf twn weeks from nerni-ar" . . rr wcious anemia, .rroi. weaver a.oin his sixty-first year. He will bewell-remembered here by hundredsof students, who were under hisI care and instruction in the old ParisTHE GRIDIRON FIELDCOURT NEWSThe Lexington"Mrs. Pearl Robinson, who was arTO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERS OFTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDHilai!a-!: .WILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OURrested last week by prohibition offi-j FLOUR MILL AND HEMP HOUSEThe game scheduled for Saturdaybetween the M. M. I. and the Carlisle High School teams was post-nnnori tn Wpdnesrlav. November 29. .by mutual agreement, on account ' cers. charged with transporting ON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOof four of the M. M. I. team being liquor and a conspiracy to violate J AT 0UR OFFICE BUILDING ONJSSSSlaaaJK, AND PLEASANT, HON-tucky Military Institute to be'N. Wiard, United States Commls-1 DAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.played on the M. M. I. grounds onsioner, at the Federal building' j. rLL py THE HIGHESTviduals, The Herald learned on goodauthority last night."Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill, of Georgetown, it was learnedfrom an unimpeachable source, isonly delaying his announcementuntil what he deems to be the proper time, and is a certain starter forgovernor. Mr. Cantrill replied withhas the following"Rarely has a school teachertaken the deep interest in his students that was manifested by Mr.Weaver. He, not only guided themin their efforts to secure employment, but also carefully watchedtheir progress in order to see thatthey did not get into business ruts.Thousands of his pupils to-day owetheir progress to his skillful aid.It was his outstanding purpose ina vigorous and pointed no to ufe tQ gee tllat the boys and girlsovertures made to him to withdraw. he came in contact with got a goodHe is now in Lexington, but will ' start jn jifeleave for Washington the latter An outgrowth of his work waspart of this week. the formation of the Students Em-"It was also learned that Mr. , ployinent Committee of the High,auLini win uuu wuut. i" School Teachers' Association.pian, reported 10 nave ueeu uuucocted in Louisville, by this sameNovember 24. The. teams are evenly matched.There are only two militaryschqols in the State and this willbe the first time the teams havemet. The almuni is endeavoring towas promptly vindicated and dismissed."It developed on the trial of thecase that Roy Sutherland, a distantrelative of Mrs. Robinson, wasworking in the interest' of anotherMARKET PRICE. .E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)REPORT OF GARRISON SALEAuctioneer M. F. Kenney makesthe following report of the Garrison sale: Horses, $40 to $50; cows,'.$50 to $60; mules, $40 to $50;sheep, $8.70 per head; hogs, $7.00per hundred; corn in field, $3.90 to$40 per barrel; loose timothy hay,$11.50 to $12.00 per ton; farmingimplements sold low; attendancesmall.Senator Smoot says he will notventure an opinion on a topic he isnot familiar with. How eccentricfor a Senator.make this game a home-coming for!Person who is the defendant in ahformer students and graduates. I UBC "uw ieuume xcmo, x.The M. M. I. and Lexington Model-oThe handsome blue-eyed boyinner cabal, to substitute a nominating convention for a primary.The Seventh District Congressmaninsists that the Democrats pursuetheir time-honored policy of settling the nomination by a Statewide primary."Mr. Weaver came from an oldPennsylvania Dutch family and wasborn at Churchtown, Pa., on Aug.5, 1862, the son of the late Mr. andMrs. Isaac Weaver. He was graduated from the Pennsylvania StateNormal School and New York University and first entered educational----- - I WUin. Ill L"C uuuui. o.o-'o ""- -"Alhen W "Rnrklev. of Paducah. i i. 4-j o,-fT,iQTif rf... 7 -- - , ivjiioiL Ullllc ouicimicuu,uii -the First District candidate, also onnk nt Pnris -Reilevne and Car-has affirmed his stand in favor of a'rolltoIlj Ky He came to Newprimary. A majority of the presentDemocratic State Central Committee takes the same attitude."Mr. Cantrill is quoted as5 sayingthat the League of Woman Votersand other 'similar organizationshave for their cardinal principleYork in 1900 and shortly afterwards was appointed assistantteacher of methematics in Boys'High School. He spent his entirecareer as a New York City teacherin this school."Since his retirement three years. t- r--i oillctJ lllo l CLiicmcuu mice jt""the upholding of the direct pri- ag0 Mr "Weaver devoted most ofmorr oti1 -fVinf 1-in Tirnmnn 'T7mi1r1 . . .. a i i SAn- .mary, and that the women 'wouldnot support a candidate selected inany other way.' "oFORMER BOURBON MAN IN THEORIENTTHE NEWS is in receipt of a letter from W. Renick Smith, grandhis time to vocational guidancework and lectured at the Teachers'College in Columbia University onthis subject. He also lectured forthe Y. M. C. A., and wrote a number of books on the subject, amongthem being: "Building a Career,"Profitable Vocations for Boys,''Profitable Vocations for Girls.' andson of Mrs. Wm. H. Renick, of j 'Medicine As a Profession.'Paris, who is now in China, as ad- His health was affected somerance agent for the Adele Blood j;what the loss of two sons, whouiciiiidi.li; jkj., muling liic uncuuIn the letter Mr. Smith enclosed aclipping from the Kobe," Japan,Herald, of October 9, giving a resume of Miss Blood's triumphs andthe tour she is contemplating inforeign lands. Mr. Smith said, inpart:f'I have found Japan most intriguing, a land of romance and color.China is different, it's very interesting, in contrast, but its nativesare not so easy to study. I findthe poverty here appalling and woman in Chine is a thousand yearsbehind the times. Here man isking and poor little wife, often withbound feet, is a non-enity.""There is a large English population in Shanghai, and quite a fewenterprising Americans of coursebeing Americans, they would be enterprising. I go from here in advance of Miss Blood's company toManila, Hongkong, Singapore, Calcutt and Bombay, India. Shalllikely spend Christmas in eitherSingapore, Rangoon of in Calcutta."oSUNDAY AUTO ACCIDENTSMiss Elizabeth Rule, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Ed. Rule, of Paris,was slightly injured about the righthip, and Miss Hazel Arnold, of Lexington, formerly of Paris, bruisedand cut, and Miss- Henrietta Muth,of Lexington, had her lip split, asthe result of an auto accidentwhich took place Sunday afternoon,near Lexington.The young ladies were riding ona truck, belonging to the MuthBaking Company, and driven by AlMuth, of Lexngton, at a point aboutthree and one-half miles from Lexington. In. endeavoring to avoid amachine which made a sudden turnto get in a gateway just ahead ofthem, the truck was overturned.Young Muth was comparatively unhurt. They were picked up by passers-byand taken to the St. Joseph'sHospital, where their injuries weretreated. Miss Rule was not seriously injured, and was able to bebrought to her home in this cityyesterday. The machine was badlydamaged.A machine in which Miss Annabelle vWard, manager of the ParisGrand and Aalamo, her brother andsister were riding on High street,collided Saturday morning at thecorner of Twelfth and High streets,with a machine driven by a mannamed Taylor, of Cynthiana, whowas en route to Lexington. Bothmachines were considerably damaged, but 'the occupants escapedwth a severe shaking up.POTATOES AT BOTH ENDS(Cynthiana Democrat)Julian Caldwell, bachelor farmerof Poindexter, brought to The Democratic office a curiosity in thechjtpe of a potato vine with severalpotatoes growing on each end. Howthis particular Vine happened to. beplayimg both ends against the midair fe net apparemt, unless it learned $fre trick from Julian. It he canfamish double action' potatoes asLr thins: ell cree; rutbewere in the service during theWorld War. One son, Luther O.Wteaver, was one of the first Brooklyn lads to die in the war, being avictim of the sinking of the U. S.patro'l boat. Alcedo, sunk on Nov.5, 1917. The two other sons, Lt.John H. Weaver, who was in theNaval aviation service during thejvar, was injured in an airplane accident at the Marine Corps station,Paris Island, S. C., in August, 1920.while awaiting his discharge, anddied a few days later."Mr. Weaver is survived by hiswife, Susan E. Oberlin. whom hemarried in 1887, four daughters,Amy, Elizabeth, Mary and Mrs.Bertha Liebensperger, and threesons, Paul, Ernest and JamesWeaver, and seven brothers and twosisters. He was an elder in theClasson Avenue Presbyterian churchwhere his funeral services wereconducted by the Rev. R. M. Huston, Saturday afternoon at 3o'clock. The interment was inGreenwood Cemetery."TAXPAYERS NOTICETO AVOID ERRORS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES E0R. OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRUCTED TO DO SO.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.PEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON -AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)BOOKS WANTED FOR D. A. R.LIBRARYMiss Esther Burch, of Stanford,Ky., librarian of Kentucky D A. R.,has been requested by the NationalSociety to secure for the liberty ofMemorial Contenental 'Hall, Washington, D. C, the following books:Biographical Essay of Kentucky,published 1878.Louisville, Past and Present,1875.History of Union County, Kentucky, 1886.History of Kentucky, 1872.Biography of David De Purrvance, 1848.Historical Sketches of Kentucky,Collins.Pioneer Life -in Kentucky, Drake.Sketches of Louisville and Environs, McMurtrie.History of Presbyterian Church inKentuckyt by Davidson.History of Methodism in Kentucky, 3 Vols.History of Boone Family,Speaker.If you have any of these booksand are willing to sell same, pleasenotify Miss Elizabeth E. Grimes,member of .Kentucky D. A. R., Library Committee, 151 Duncan avenue, Paris, Ky., Cumberland Phone-High School teams are scheduled j PARIS COUPLE LEGALLY ADOPTfnr a srame on Saturday. November HUMjLHib& J5UI18, at 2:30 p. m., on the homeo-rriiTi raSomerset High and Paris Hlgh.J' ho was brought to LexingSchool teams played a 7 to 7 game severalp df y af hl MrS' Lei,laat Somerset Friday afternoon. The J Thomas of Oikdale Tenn whoSmor tPnm Tinrt Mmected Stated tllat jt WES thFUSt mt0 helrather easy game, and were greatly arms in Knoxyille by an unknown;surprised when Paris Hi put up anI women who asked her to mother it,unusually strong game. Somerset has foind a Permanent home withhanlra fnmhlprt tho hflll ten times " uuu mib' "ewuu uuvia, ui ,during the afternoon, and did notiPari8 and the homeless infant ofrecover the ball but once. Somerset ! unknown parentage will be tender-ol1fle tTinf tln'o wn ( th P fl-Menr, . W iul aa Lu" uwu CI11IU.Paris scored. A large crowd attended.The Picadome High School foot-Mr. and Mrs. Davis, having losttheir infant son only a short timebefore, upon learning of the condi-ball team of Fayette county defeat- tion of the waif came to Lexingtoned the M. M. I. team at Millersburg and made application to Countyjuuge jii. in. uuaK, to auopt it.Judge Doak consented for them tohave the child, pending inquirywhich might develop informationconcerning its parentage.Judge Doak stated Saturday thathe had failed to learn anything ofthe child's parentage, and sinceFriday afternoon by a score of 6 to0. The features of the game werethe thirty and thirty-five yard runmade by William and Cook, respectively, of the Picadome eleven.The visitors' marker came in thethird period when Price wentthrough the Millersburg line for atouchdown, Cook failing to kickgoal.SATURDAY'S GAMESVanderbilt 9; Kentucky 0.Franklin 35; Transylvania G.Centre 27; Washington and Lee 6.Kentucky Freshmen 19; CentreFreshmen 0.Mr. and Mrs. Davis had evinced adesire to adopt it and give it a igood home, their wishes would bebe gratified. jAdoption papers will be preparedas soon as Mr. nnd Mrs. Davis rnmeJ - T.Q'VirJ erf ni noroin nrliinTi titiII Vrsome time this week and the youngster, who is thriving at his newWilmington College 22; George-1 home, will be legally transferred totown 7.Lexington College 22; AshlandHigh 7?Louisville 6; Rose Poly 0.Louisville Manual High 13; Morganfield High 0.Hopkinsville High 13; Owensboro High 13.Lancaster High 26; CovingtonHigh 6.Pineville High 19; DanvilleHigh 7.oCHILDREN'S COATSCHILDREN'S COATSLEADER. PARIS, KY.AT THEMEMORIAL BUILDING FREEPROM DEBTNot a cent of indebtedness restson the new Memorial Building,which was dedicated Saturday during the Armistice Day exercises, according to an announcement madeby Miss Lucy Blythe Simms, chairman of the Memorial BuildingFund. When the building wasturned over to the trustees it waswith the understanding that all indebtedness had been officially settled. For many months the fund committee was undecided whether toerect a monument in the publicsquare or a memorial building toBourbon county's former servicemen. The building will also be usedas a community center. At a meeting of the Executive Committee acommittee was appointed to equipand furnish a ladies' rest room forthe Community House.' The new Board of Managers iscomposed of Arthur B. Hancock, forthe county-at-large. chairman, N.Ford Brent; Harold Harris, Jos.Davis, Jr., and Lucien Arnsparger,for the American Legion; Mrs. Jas.McClure, Mrs. Allie Smith Dicksonand Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton, were selected by the Women's Club, not asrepresentatives of that organzation,but for the women of the county atlarge.them as their heir.HOME OF MISS ARKLE ISBURNEDFINE COATSANDLUXURIOUS WRAPSNavy Sorrento Brown BlackSide Buttoned Blouse Back orStraight in Self Trimmed or withSquirrel Silver Fox PlatinumWolf and Beaver CollarsSIZESFOURTEEN TO FORTY-FOURV inr tjDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS KENTUCKYThe residence of Miss Ida Arkle,on the Jackstown pike, the formerhome of the late Sidney G. Clay,was destroyed by fire shortly afternoon Saturday. Miss Arkle lostpractically all her household goods.She is engaged in the dairy business, and was in Paris at the timeher home was consumed by thefire. The origin of the fireis unknown. The loss on thebuilding, which is owned by JamesM. McClure, is partly covered by jinsurance, but Miss Arkle carriedno insurance on her householdgoods.THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANFire. Wind and Lightning Insurance.PICTURE PROGRAM ATGRAND AND ALAMOTHETo-day. Tuesday, November 14Thomas Meighan and an all-starcast, in "Our Leading Citizen;"Mutt and Jeff Comedy; CenturyComedy.To-morrow, Wednesday, November 15 Gloria Swanson, in "HerHusband's Trademark;" Jimmie Aubrey, in "The Tenderfoot."Thursday, November 16 MarionDavis, in "Beauty's Worth;" Sunshine Comedy; Movie Chats.Extra Added Attraction TheGrand's Trio, musical numbers."THE BANK OF SERVICE"The Test of CharacterJJTThe president of a big corporation gave thisJithis reason why his company employed salesmen on a commission basis only:. Pit's the best test of character we can apply.Jilf a man hasn't saved enough money tocarry himself a month or so he's rarely thekind who can measure up to the opportunitywe offer."JJIWhy not take a fixed amount out of yourUsalary every pay day and put it to work inan interest bearing account at this bank?It-will then enable you to grasp opportunitywhen it comes.f Pay yourself first it's the sensible thingUtodo.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co,Paris, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00THE QUADEENNIAL SNARENothing is calculated to stir upmore bickering in a Kentucky community than a vote on allowingstock to run at large. When thisquestion is up for settlement it isapt to relegate to the backgroundthe tariff, reparations, ship subsidyand the like until it is determinedwhether the owner must keep hiscattle within an inclosure or be allowed to turn them out to roam atwill-Where in one precinct a largemajority of citizens may be in favor of penning up the stock, in thevery next precinct it may be justthe reverse.The last Legislature amended thestock law by permitting the proposition to be submitted every twoyears instead of four years as before. The validity of the amendment is now before the Court of Appeals and upon the decision will depend whether some communitieswill become embroiled in a biennial quadrennial quarrel over thequestion. iATTENTION, TURKEY RAISERS!A PREMIUM ON TURKEYSIn order to encourage the Farmers' Housewives with the Turkey Raising industrywhich is a very trying job, as it requires constant care and vigilance to bring- upthe delicate young fowls 10 their turkeyhood, we have decided to put a premium onyour turkey money, and since money is only a medium of exchange we will exchange your turkey money with a ten per cent (10 per cent) premium for ourShoes and Hose during the turkey-selling season.VFOR INSTANCEThe world is anxiously awaitingfor some kind of dependable planwhereby it can reform gonit of itsIf you realize $10 for the sale of your turkeys we will accept it for $11 felevendollars) in exchange for Shoes or Stockings. You all know the standard andquality of our Shoes. We handle nothing but solid leather shoes 'from the verybest and most reliable shoe manufacturers in the countryand our prices are thelowest possible, considering the quality, every pair marked in plain figures Socome direct with your turkey money to Friedman's Shoe Store and get a ten per.cent (10 per cent) premium on each and every dollar of your purchase. 'FRIEDMAN'S SHOE STORECorner Sixth and Main, Paris, Ky.ome Phone 374.reformers, 4'S-vtiV.A-T. '!' ,-or? v.ia,r.S wTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE FIYE' v VAPERSONALSGIFTS THAT LAST", CHILDREN'S COATSCHILDREN'S COATS AT THE!I.EADEE. PARIS, &Y.HUNTING WITHOUT LICENSEGame Warden A. W. Bullock, ofParis, arrested Omar Martin, v nearCynthiana, on a charge of huntingrabbits without having the properlicense. In spite of all that hasbeen published regarding whatshould be a matter of generalknowledge, there seems to be manywho do not read the papers. Consequently, they get nabbed!cComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDont.TURKEYSThe nicest courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends isto let them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item of anykind. Telephone it to No.124.RELIGIOUSA Rpsnme of Events In ReligionsCircles For Present andFutureWE WILL OPEN TO RECEIVETURKEYS FOR THE THANKSGIVING MARKET COMMENCING ONMONDAY, NOVEMBER 13.BRENT & CO., (Inc.)(nov7-tf) Both Phones 14.oTRANSFERRED TO CHICAGOM. C. Browning, who has been inthe office of the General Agent ofthe Louisville & Nashville RailroadCo., in their Cleveland, Ohio, office,has been transferred to the Chicagooffice. The transfer became effective November 1. Mr. Browningmarried Miss Helen Frank, of Paris.He writes THE NEWS ordering hispaper changed from Cleveland to332 Marquette Building, Chicago.oCONCRETE WORK FINISHEDThe east side of Main street,from Fourteenth to Twentieth,which has been under constructionby the Louis DesCognets Co., ofLexington, for some time, has beencompleted, and will be opened inabout three weeks for travel. Thewest side of the street will be putin temporary repair at once, butthe laying of concrete will bepostponed until next spring, on account of the approach of winter.LAST DAY FOR RECEIVING APPLICATIONSMiss Inez Caudill, Secretary ofthe Bourbon County Red Cross,states that Saturday, December 16,is the last date on which the Veteran's Bureau is authorized to receive applications for vocationaltraining. For those who want suchtraining but cannot begin just nowarrangements may be made wherebythey may apply now. and take upthe work within a year.BOURBON BOY IN EUROPEANWATERSMiss Martha Tom Bowles, of Millersburg, received a letter last weekfrom her brother, Pugh Bowles, ofthe U. S. Navy, who sailed in October from Norfolk, Va., into Russiaand back through the Black Sea, adistance of 6,092 miles to Constantinople, Turkey, and is now onboard one of the ships taking therefugees to places of safety. On theway across the ship stopped in Gilbraltar, Spain. The sailors weregiven shore leave, and witnessed abull fight, so popular in that country.TO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERS OFTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OURFLOUR MILL AND HEMP HOUSEON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOAT OUR OFFICE BUILDING ONTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)THANKSGIVING DONATIONS FORMASSIE HOSPITALNow is the time of year when the"shut-ins" at the Massie MemorialHospital begin to wonder if, in themidst of the festive Thanksgivingseason, they will be Temembered.And at the same time those incharge of the Hospital begin towonder if the good people of thecity and county will remember thelarder with donations of good thingsto eat. Our people have been verygenerous in this respect in the past,and it is now hoped they will' notfail at this time. Donations may beleft at any place suitable and convenient for the donors, with a request that the Hospital authoritiesbe notified, or, better still, sent direct to the Hospital.The lady members of the Boardof Managers of the institution announce that they are very gratefulfor past liberal donations to theHospital, and that the citizens ofthe city and county will T)e calledupon during the week by membersof the Board for the annual Thanksgiving donations. It is hoped ourpeople will make their usual liberalreapomie.Mrs. Helen Forsythe is visitingMrs. Paul Strother, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Elder havemoved into their new home on Lil-leston avenue.Mrs. Edna McMillan left yesterday for an extended visit tofriends in Chicago.Mason Beasley has returned tohis home near Paris after a visitto friends in Richmond.N. B. White has returned tohis home in Knoxville, Tenn., after a visit to friends in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Harry O. Jamesare visiting Mrs. James' sister. Mrs.Crittenden W. Young, in Owingsville. Miss Annabelle Ward, ofParis, was a recent guest of her sister, Miss Adaline Ward, in Richmond. Mrs. Edgar Hill and Mrs. BenDeGaris. of Georgetown, attended afamily reunion in this city lastweek.Mr. and Mrs. William Shireand babe have returned from a visitto Mrs. Shire's parents, in NewYork.Miss Margaret Saunier, of Lexington, spent the week-end inParis as guest of Misses MargaretDoyle and Mary Gorey.R. P. Dow is seriously ill at hishome on Main street, opposite theWindsor Hotel, and slight hopesare entertained for his recovery.The membership drive for theBourbon County Red Cross Chapter which was to have begun Saturday, has been postponed for ashort time.Mrs. C. A. Teller, after a visitof several weeks with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price, in thiscity, will leave to-night for herhome in Chicago.Mrs. T. E. Jerles, of Paris, underwent an operation for removal oftonsils yesterday morning, performed at the Massie Memorial Hospital,by Drs. Kenney & Stoeckinger.Superintendent J. A. Morrison,of the L. & N., and family, haveleased the home of Mrs. Edna McMillan, on Stoner avenue, to whichthey will move about November 15.J. J. Veatch, District Superintendent Central Home Telephoneand Telegraph Co., leaves this afternoon on a business trip to Louisville. Mr. Veatch will returnWednesday night.Mrs. Overton Harber entertained at her home in Richmond Saturday with two tables of bridge incompliment to Mrs. Benjamin Forsythe Buckner, of Paris, who hasbeen visiting relatives there.Mrs. Carl Crawford, who hashas been a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital for several weeks,following an operation for removalof tonsils, has returned to her homeon Pleasant street. Mrs. Crawfordis improving slowly.Miss Elizabeth Ratliff, of Irvine, who has been a guest of hersister, Mrs. George K. Redmon, at! their home on Cypress street, leftthis morning for a visit to MissLouise Lacy, in Owingsville, beforereturning to her home.Mrs. L. B. Purnell entertainedSaturday evening with a turkeysupper at her home at the corner ofSeventh and High streets. Theguests for the hospitality were Mr.and Mrs. Purnell, Miss RebeccaPurnell, Ewell Renaker, Louis Taylor and Will A. Hill.The regular weekly meeting ofthe Bourbon County Woman's Clubwill be held in the new CommunityService House, at the corner ofBroadway and High, to-morrow(Wednesday) afternoon, at 2:30o'clock. One of the most interesting programs of the season willbe presented.Rev. Arthur Fox, former pastorof the Paris Baptist church, now incharge of the congregation of theBaptist church at Mayfield, Ky.,preached last night in the Parischurch to his former congregation,at seven o'clock.With the services Sunday night,the revival meeting which has beenin progress at the Presbyterianchurch for the past three weeks,came to a successful close. Theclosing service was attended by oneof the largest audiences that hasgathered in the church since theinception of the meeting. Rev. Dr.Thacker was in fine voice, and hiseloquence attested the quality ofthe message he had to deliver. Hishearers attested their appreciationof the speaker by giving him theirundivided attention. The musicalpart of the services was in thehands of T. B. Roddy, song leader,with the assistance of a speciallytrained choir. A feature of theSunday afternoon program was themass meeting for men and boys,when Dr. Thacker delivered an interesting address on the subject,"What Constitutes a Fool."At the morning service Dr.Thacker took for his subject, "ManEssentially Religious," which hetreated in a broadguage manner.At the evening service his subjectwas "The Philosophy of Living,"pronounced by all who heard it tohave been a masterpiece of eloquence and thought.Dr. and Mrs. Thacker left Monday afternoon for North Carolina.Mr. Roddy leaves this morning. DrThacker will hold his next meetingin Gastonia, N. C. During themeeting here there were 650 cardssigned by Christians reconsecratingtheir lives, 29 cards signed signifying the purpose to transfer churchmembership to some of the churchesof Paris, 39 signed cards making aconfession of faith in Jesus Christas their Saviour. Those of thisnumber who wish to unite with thePresbyterian church will be received at the morning service nextSunday. Those who wish to unitewith the other churches will makearrangements with the pastors ofthese churches for their recaeption.MINISTER ACCEPTS CALLThe Order of Eastern Star, No.167. will give a dance in the Masonic Temple, Wednesday evening,November 24. The hours will befrom 8:30 to 1:00. Music for thedancers will be furnished byBishop's Orchestra. Admission willbe by card presented at the door.Hamilton College Notes in theLexington Herald: "At the annualclass elections Miss Anne CaywoodTalbott, of Paris, was chosen as amember from the second years HighSchool class Mrs. W. A. Thom-ason, of near Paris, visited herdaughter, Miss Frances Thomason,Saturday, and took her and herguests, Misses Winifred Davis,Snow Justice and Lucy Justice, todinner, and to the Centre CollegeKentucky University footballgame."(Other Personals on Page 3)i -Rev. Louis S. Gaines, of Springfield, Ohio, to whom the congregation of the Paris Baptist church recently extended a call to becometheir pastor, has formally acceptedthe call. He will succeed Rev. Ar'thur Fox, who some tme ago resigned the pastorate to accept thepastorate of the Mayfield, Ky., Baptist church.Rev. Mr. Gaines has for the pastthree years been assistant pastor ofthe First Baptist church at Springfield, Ohio. He was for four yearsthe Ohio State Secretary of theBaptist Young Peoples' Union andwas at one time a missionary worker in Southern Indiana.The new pastor received his education at Dennison University andat the Southern Baptist Semiilary atLouisville. He is married and hasan infant child. Rev. Gaines hasoccupied the pulpit of the Parischurch several times since the resignation of Rev. Arthur Fox, and ata business meeting of the membersof the church received his call to theParis pastorate. He and his family will move to Paris mmediately.WAR MOTHERS, ATTENTION!Remember our rummage on edible sale Friday and Saturday, November 17 and 18, in the WilsonBuilding, at corner of Main andThird streets. All donations fromthe public will be appreciated.(14-17)NOTICE TO LADIESHemstitching, Pleating and Buttons made to order; the new FrenchHemstitching; Singer Sewing Machine Office, Fifth Street.MRS. R. B. DICKERSON.PUBLIC SALEWe have listed for public saleNovember 16, at 2:30 p. m., forMrs. D. G. Taylor, a vacant lot61171 feet on Fifteenth street.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(10-2t)Visit Our StoreWhen in Need of Ladies',Misses7 and Children'sCOATSSpecial Bargain Week Prices.See and Save atTwin Bros.Dept. StoreGHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main Street!PARIS. KY.THERE IS NO ESCAPEFrom the Cold Wintry DaysThat are Bound to Come!The thing to do then is to prepare forthem. We are contributing our bitby selling our Suits, Overcoats, Underwear and other accessories at thelowest prices possible (which meansthat they are competition proof).SUITS AND OVERCOATS$15.00-$18.00-$2(I.OO$22.50-$24.50 -$29.50Remarkable ValuesIT'S OUR TREAT to the MOVIESLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky."SAVE AND SMILE"Blanketsand ComfortsWe are showing a verycomplete new line ofWool and Cotton Blankets and Comforts linedwith wool and laminatedcotton.We will be pleased toshow you.The prices are very attractive.."u. "' - -'THE JT. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 3 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach Undortakkif;frr PAGE SIX'"' V""THE BOURBON NEWS, PAIftS, KENTUCKY. i ui,mmpm j 1 1 iji wy.wwywewwTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1$2HERE ARE THEDANGER SIGNALSTHAT MAY MEANCANCERANY LUMP, especially in the breastAny irregular bleeding or dischargeANY SORE that doesnot heal particularlyabout the tongue,mouth or lipsPersistent indigestionwith loss of weightGO IMMEDIATELYTO A HOSPITAL, OR A REPUTABLEPHYSICIAN AND INSIST UPON ATHOROUGH EXAMINATIONDON'T wait to see ifthe condition willgo away of itselfDON'T use "PatentMedicines' ' 'DON'T allow advertising' ' Cancer Specialists ' 'and "Quack Doctors"to treat youDON'T be guided byanybody except a thoroughly competent physicianDON'T BE ASHAMED TO TALK ABOUTCANCERTHE RIGHT WAY IS THE ONLY SAFE WAYINVEST IN YOUE LOCAL UTILITIESRobert W. Babson, noted economist, says: "Invest at home. Studyfundamental conditions. Put character before collateral and havefaith in your own community. Thefield always looks greener someother place than at home, but ifyou will study the men who havemade themselves wealthy, you willfind that the greater number ofthem have all been investors athome."INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7705 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a, m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m!5:05 p. mr6:05. p. m.7:05 p. m.8; 15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. k6:00 p. m!7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.AGED ACCOJJNT BOOK(Owingsville Outlook)An old account book of . SlateCreek furnace was discovered in the.Circuit Clerk's office a few days ago,where it had been for more than ahundred years as an exhibit in asuit between Col. Thomas Dye Ow-mgs ana Kobert Wickliffe. Thekeeper of this book was an artist inpenmanship. The writing was donewith a quill pen on unlined pages,every line being perfectly straightand as eligible as print. This wasback in the good old days whenmeal was 50 cents a bushel, beef 3cents a pound, axes $4 apiece andwhisky 124 cents a pint. Thebook is filled with accounts againstpeople, all of whom are gone andthe names of but few are remembered. oMICE AND BABBITS STARTDAMAGING WORK ON TBEESThis is the time of the year whenfarmers and orchard owners mustbe on guard to keep their fruittrees from being girdled and ruinedby rabbits and mice, according toW. W. Magill, orcharding specialist of the College of Agriculture.These rodents often damage treesbefore owners know it and in somecases do more harm than insects.Fruit trees in some parts of theState already have been almostcompletely ruined by rabbits andmice. Cleaning the trash and rubbish away from the trees and .thenplacing tobacco stems, newspapersor woven wire netting aroundthem is the best way to stop thedamage caused by these rodents."Cleaning the trash and rubbishaway from around trees with a hoeor mattock is a big step in stoppingthe damage .done to trees by micesince these pests make their roadways under this trash. Woven wirenetting costs more than corn or tobacco stalks, but it is cheaper inthe long run since it can be usedfor seven or eight years while thecorn or tobacco stalks must be replaced each year. A piece of wovenwire 18 inches high and from 18 to24 inches long, when bent aroundthe tree and fastened at the ends,will stand out far enough to shieldthe tree and give enough room forthe tree' to make several years'growth. The mesh of the nettingshould not be longer than one inch.Trees can be saved by the use of thewire netting for a cost of aboutfour cents each. In case a deepsnow falls, trees may be shieldedby lifting the cylinder of wire andpacking the snow at the base of thetree. This is done to save the treefrom the mice which do "their workunder the crust and the rabbitswhich work .on top of the snow."If paper, corn or tobacco stalksare used, they should be tied aroundthe trunk of the tree, the stalks being stood on end. These must beremoved in the spring, as they furnish a good hiding place for insect pests."BLUEGEASS SEEDS BEAT ARABSOf interest to Kentucky was therecent horse endurance contestconducted under the auspices of thearmy remount service. After the300-mile ride the honors went tothe thoroughbred over the Morgans, Arabs and other equinestrains that competed in the endurance contest that was held in Vermont under the supervision ofUnited States army officers.Since the superiority of thethoroughbred horse as an armymount has been established, it isexpected to prove a stimulus to theKentucky breeding interests andalso settles a long disputed pointthat has been the subject of muchcontroversy.The late General John B. Castleman. Louisville, was a great believer in the endurance powers of theAmerican saddle horse. Some yearsago when Homer Davenport, celebrated cartoonist, brought a stringof fine Arabs to Kentucky, for showpurposes, General Castleman proposed an endurance contest limitedto three types and the thoroughbred in order to settle the mootedpoint.vreueicu uasueman urouuseu iventer the contest his famous saddlemare, Emily, and he stipulated thatthe animal should be ridden byLieut. "Wild Bill" Reed, then acavalry officer and expert horseman. After everything was arranged for the contest for some reason itWas abandoned.The officer selected by GeneralCastleman to have the mount onhis great mare in the endurancecontest was the late Lieut. ColonelWilliam O. Reed.rsraw"Forget and Forgive."A proverb which is quoted byShakespeare in "King Lear," andwhich sums up one of the greatestand most difficult lessons of Christianity. As W. E. Norris very cleverly says: "We may forgive and wemay forget, but we can neter forgetthat we have forgiven."CORNSCash Fare. 60c: Ticket Fare. 54e.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inQuantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-ttrFARMERSITRADERMOTHERlMove Child's Bowels with"California Fig Syrup"APARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 31916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFr&mk P. Kiser, PraddeatI. L. Wathers, Vice PresidentW. IT. 'Mitchell, CashierJbo. W. Yerkts, Am't CashierOaa Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNEJiiisaEven a sick child loves the"fruity" taste of "California FigSyrup." If the little tongue iscoated, or if your child is listless,cross, feverish, full of cold, or hascolic, a teaspoonful will never fail toopen the bowels. In a few hoursyou can see for yourself how thoroughly it works all the constipationpoison, sour bile and waste from thetender, little bowels and gives you awell, playful child again.Millions of mothers keep "California Fig Syrup" ha'hdy. Theyknow a teaspoonful to-day saves asick child to-morrow. Ask yourdruggist for genuine "CaliforniaFig Syrup" which has directions forbabies and children of all agesprinted on bottle. Mother! Youmust say "California" or you maygat an imitation fig syrup.(adv-T)o .NOW IS THE BEST TIMENow is the best time to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. "We havethe finest line of samples to be had'and will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.Lift Off with FingersIt might frighten folks a bit, butnot make them better, if conscienceused a megaphone.CAHAL BROS.BABBEB SHOP33b -z&it 4fe vmm fflBSM iWRIGLEYSBsssssssssssssssV NsssH sssr ""'Mll ir s 'TCI J" . "- - -wrwXtT .:Af-' Srk. ztL.''-Xi Ba 7 VVThis newsugar-coatedgum delightsyoung and oldIt "melts in yourmouth" and the gum in thecenter remains to aid digestion,brighten teeth and soothe mouthand throatThere are the otherfriends to choose, from too::yi'ki-if 1Doesn't murt a bit! Drop a little "Freezone" on an aching corn,instantly that corn stops hurting',then shortly you lift it right offwith fingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)DOG GOOD C0MEBACKERThe recent State fox "huntersmeet and the field trials accentuated the breeding of foxhounds,and the dogs are represented in thechase all over the country.The late Col. Jack Chinn was anoted breeder of foxhounds and thedogs from his kennels were eagerlysought. Colonel Chinn was wont torelate an experience in which oneof his dogs figured. He sold one ofhis prize foxhounds to a man inTexas and shipped the dog to him,but not long afterward he learnedthat the dog ha'd disappeared,probably stolen. Colonel Chinnthought no more of the matter until several months later when onemorning the missing dog turned uplean and used-up from the longjourney from Texas, which ColonelChinn .insisted the dog made to getback to the "Old Kentucky Home."Colonel Chinn declared that heimmediately notified the Texasman of the dog's return and sentthim a check for the amount he hadpaid for the animal, at the sametime telling him that he would notthink of parting again with thedog that had footed it from Texasto Kentucky to return home.One of the biggest bores is- theone who is always wanting to apologize for something.How does it happen, that in -acountry of one hundred million people, honest .and jsincer,e men neverget elected to office, l4-WHITE BABBEBS-4TModern EquipmentExpert and Polite SerriceEOtf AND COLD BATHSiMJEmgmmM C28 w0-LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGFARMTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $1,000 of loan pays both principal and InterestAsk Judge George Battertonor Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.NO COMMISSIONSKentucky Joint Stock Land BankSecurity Trust Bldg.Lexington, Ky.SSSrFf.ilGetTheSeven-PassengerTouring Car'$3800F. O. B. DetroitTenJBody TypesINCOLNBehind the WheelDriving the Lincoln brings a new sense ofcomplete mastery of time and roads. Rid', ing under all conditions. and at any speed,' is alTmooth, even flight.300 operations accurate to one quarterthousandth of an inch; 1200 operationsaccurate to one half thousandth of an inch;5000 operations accurate to one thousandthof an inch; mabe the Lincoln the mostaccurately built car in the world"3LOANSZZLSg yuiCd iI3U Hjf r- '1 -a" rTfifr TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1922""H I Win "MUt.THE BOURBON NEWS,Try ". "PARIS, KENTUCKY"""" mj v""-7r;-iMrHOT FIGHT HELD LIKELYswmj .. .: 'cf-- .AspirinSAY "BAYER" when you buy AspirinValess you see the name "Bayer" i general. Accept- only "Bayer"en package or on tablets you are package, which contains proper dinot getting the genuine Bayer prb rections. Handy boxes of twelvednct prescribed by physicians over tablets cost few cents. Druggiststwenty-two years and proved safe I also sell bottles of 24 and 100.by millions for colds, headache, Aspirin is the trade mark of Bayerearache, neuralgia, lumbago, rheu- Manufacture of Monoaceticacidestermatism, neuritis, and for pain inof Salicylicacid. (adv)GOVERNMENT WANTS ttet.pAccording to a bulletin sent outby the United States Civil ServiceCommission, there is a grat scarcity of stenographers and typists,with ability to take care of Government work. Information relativeto the examination required of applicants for these positions may besecured at the local postoffice.Over $5,000 in PrizesFATAND FEE DING CATTLESHOW AND SALEBourbon Stock YardsLOUISVILLE, KY.November 23 and 24 192230 carloads of choice Kentuckyand Tennessee fat steers.also25 carloads of Prime BabyBeevesfed by the Boys' and Girls' Clubswill compete in the Junior Agricultural Club Exhibit.FEEDERS.Liberal prizes will bring manycarloads of fancy feeders.25 Registered Hereford, Shorthorn and Angus bulls will be offered from Kentucky's leadingherds.BOURBON STOCK YARDS CO.Educational and Interesting.PARIS THINKS FORD IS SEVEREST OF DESPOTS"American kings of industry aremore powerful than European potentates," concludes Eclair, Paris,France, newspaper, commenting ona recent order by Henry Ford tohis 70,000 employes about drinking."Never," says Eclair, "did anydespot, with the divine powers ofa hereditary monarch, show theauthority of this democratic sovereign of the American republic."oTWO FISH AT ONCE(Lawrenceburg News)"Two birds with one stone," is acommon expression, but two fish atone strike, is the story which JoeSearcy, rural mail carrier, is relating on his return from a fishingtrip on Brashears Creek, Shelbycounty.Mr. Searcy avers that he wasfishing with two hooks, using minnows for bait. "I got a strike,'!, hesaid, "and had so much troublelanding that I thought I had a babywhale, but it proved that I hadhooked a two pound channel catand a one pound bass."oA lot of folks who hang aroundWashington are trying'hard to makeUncle Sam "A Poor Relation.A military ace is one who canraise the deuce with the enemy.Two factors are likely to focusinterest in the next adoption oftextbook for Kentucky schools in192"4. Adoption is held every fiveyears. One factor is the objectionrecently voiced by the Sons of theAmerican Revolution against a certain American history used in theschools of this State which it isspeaks disparagingly of figures inthe Revolutionary "War.An organization of the characterof the Sons of the Revolutionbacked by allied organizations likethe Daughters of the Revolutionand the Colonial Dames may be expected to make such a protest feltand arouse considerable sentiment.The next School Textbook Commission is destined to encounter another element in opposition to somebooks now being used. Defeated inlthe last Legislature after a longand bitter fight, opponents of thetheory of evolution, which theycharge was being taught in schools,announced that they would carrythe fight before the State TextbookCommission in the effort to preventthe selection of textbooks allegedto promote this theory.With two societies going afterhistories and anti-monkey originadvocates seeking to suppress thetheory of evolution,' men chargedwith the selection of school bookswill be relieved of monotony inproceedings.CATARRHAL DEAFNESSis greatly relieved by constitutional treatment HALiL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis a constitutional remedy. CatarrhalDeafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining- of the Eustachian Tube. When this tube is inflamedyou have a rumbling- sound or imperfecthearing-, and when it is entirely elbsed.Deafness is the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced, your hearingmav be destroyed forever. HALL'SCATARRH MEDICINE acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of the system, thus reducing- the inflammation andassisting- Nature in restoring normal conditions. Circulars free. All Druggists.P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.ib iims rELATED OVER 25IfmuPeople wUohave suffered untiltheyx have become., discouraged andout of heart shouldi gain hope bythe experienca of Miss Ida Harloff,1823 Ch,ase street, Toledo, O., whodeclares: "I have" gained twentyfive pounds by taking Tanlac and 'amas strong, well and happy as if Ihad never been sick a day."I had suffered from indigestionand poor circulation for a year ormore and when my father startedme on Tanlac I scarcely hadstrength to put one foot in front ofthe other. I was so thin and frailthe folks at home were all uneasyabout my health and, to tell thetruth, I was scared nearly out ofmy wits, for I thought I wouldnever get well."But since taking Tanlac mynerves are normal, my stomach infine condition, and my health asgood as I could ask it to be. Tanlac has my highest praise."Tanlac is sold by all good druggists, (adv). aTHE PAL'S GEEETINGUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,- oWe notice some fellows are getting humpbacked from walking inand out of cellar doors.Aunt Mary tells her side of the story ofthe trip to Cincinnati:iHenry, he thinks he's pretty smart telling you all about how I forgot topack those things in the grip. All the time I kept asking him if there wasanything else he could think of to put in and he said there wasn't a thinghe could think of. I know he was so excited about our trip he couldn't thinkof anything. Ain't that just like, a man to blame me for leaving out histhings? Seems like a woman has to do all the remembering for the wholefamily. Well it's all over and we laughed it off but it does make me spunky'to get faulted for something I never did.Well, we went to Mabley's and bought the things that Henry had forgot to tell me to put in the grip and had them sehfover to the hotel and thena nice girl told us about the new children's department on -the top floor. Icould see that Henry wanted to get out-doors and go looking at buildingsand things -but I never could see the sense of star-gazing at a lot of bricksand stuff, when there's so many pretty things to look at. But I must saythat he was very nice about it to go along with me. Maybe he thought wemight meet up with some more old friends around there. I had a suspiciononce that he was interested in some of the good looking girls but then I knowthat Henry is a deacon and besides tha't he knows better.Well, we went up to Mabley's children's store and there was the mostwonderful sight I ever beheld. A big store room just for boys and girls things.The nicest kind of young men and girls showed us around and I had the be'st4 time looking and pricing.'$ I bought a new coat for little Mary -and a suit for little Henry and warm? sweaters for each of the other children.After a while I thought we ought to get something for the big boysso we asked the j-oung man what he thought about it and he said why nottake each one of .them a nice new hat. So we went down to the hat department and met a' nice boy from West Ohio who took a lot of pains to showus all the hats. He wanted to know all about the boys and how big they wereand what size they wore. We were stumped for a minute until I rememberedthat each of those boys was as tall as their father and mostly wore the samesize of hats and shoes as Henry. Now you see how a woman has to do allthe remembering. A man just can't think in a hurry like that.So we bought a nice hat for each of the boys and started on out whenHenry said : "Mother, why not get the boys a nice pair of shoes ?" We wentover to the .shoe department and bought the nicest shoes I ever saw I knowthe boys will be tickled.By this time, we were both getting tired and I know that Henry washungry men always are. And so we went right next door in Mabley'sAnnex and had the nicest meal I ever ate outside my own house. Of courseI don't stand back for any cook in our County or anywhere else for all that.Henry, he wanted to smoke so we went over and sat down 'on a benchand he filled his pipe with Burley and we sat and talked.Then)(we went to the Zoo and maybe Henry will tell you about that someother time.Yours Truly,..Mary,. v su - .- A- tWhat is so good, when the day isall dreary,When life is a gloom, and yourheart is a-weary,To suddenly hear ringing out loudand cheery:"Good Morning, Old Pal."Things will go wrong, and some jobyou are doingWill bust;- and the dream that yourheart is pursuing 'Will break; but you suddenly stopall your rueingAt "Hello, Old Pal."Life would be futile and barrenand broken,If out of the kingdom of love'sne'er were spokenThe word that is friendship's bestsymbol and token:"God Bless You, Old Pal."Thang God for the pals who arenever forgotting,Who just at the moment our sadhearts are fretting,Put an end to our gloom and ourdreary regrettingWith "Cheer Up, Old Pal."Some" day when the heart turns forever to dreaming,And over our eyes Heaven's gloryis streaming,How good it will be mid the stars'deathless gleamingTo hear "Welcome, Old Pal."FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFT' iMISS HOLLADAY- rr ttf - l r ft Vfla' " ' ' ' '' ' ' --fttrqo'i Kov7 hw fiMaiIIiM'' r' ' - ''- bbbVV---''- P-QUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HabitNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break the habit. Whenever youhave a longing for a smoke or chew,just place a harmless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire "stops. Shortly the habit iscompletely 'broken, and you are bet-ter off mentally, physically, financially, it's so easy, so, simple, tfeta box 'of No-To-Bac Tand if ifc doesn'trelease you from all craving for Ho-;liaccol in any form, your druggistwill refund your money withoutquestion. (tf)SMALLEST BANKIn the town of Normal, a smallsuburb of Lincoln, Neb., is what isthought "to be the smallest bank inthe country. It was organizedthree years ago, with a capital of$15,000. A small frame structure,only 16x20 feet, it represents atotal amount of resources wliichmight easily be the e,nvy of a muchlarger banking house, for its stockholders are conservatively estimated to be worth upward of $2,-'000,000.oSEARCH WITHOUT WARRANT ISUNLAWFULJudge A. Burgevin, in Luisville,instructed a jury to acquit RobertDavis, negro, who has appealedfrom a fine of $100 imposed in police court for unlawfully transporting moonshine whisky. It wasshown by the proof that Sergeant J.P. Staley arrested the,, negro on astreet car after searching a basketand finding the liquor. Judge Burgevin held the officers did not havethe right to search the basket without a search warrant, under a recent decision of the Court of Appeals, declaring that a man's suitcase is his personal property.WE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.'We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.lUJumuiuiiiimDOWN AGAINTHE tTNLMERS AL CARLowest F. O. B. Prices in theHistory of the CompanyChassis $235.00Runabout, regular f. $269.00Touring, regular .'..' $298.00Truck Chassis?. $360.00Coupe $530.00Two-Door Sedan $595.00jsoai Liii wjjrhP B Detroit '"Stmrter remains 170. 00; Demountables $25.00, when tup" iilied'ori1 'open ' types. Closed types are prieed with' Starter and Demountables...-.7VSH .1 V"131tfB I flti V B " .FU VJVJ LLC3XIIX!iXIXIX1X1IK1(XHIXlBourbon LaundrDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4ixanVIWeaFifh StreetxHolidays In tht Jungls.At the equator In Africa ther artonly two seasons wet and dry. Thformer makes eight months of gummasaveraging 117 degrees FahrenheitDuring the dry season the thermometer rarely goes below 70.1 . t 1 BLBHBBBBBH K BBBBBBBBBE- BEST HA".VrlBBBBBBBBBB: - IKXfcJII 'KFiJHm " MMX3t.i. IiSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!iiJ With all the latest improvej-and expert helpers we arteprepared to do work infejfrio'r to none, and solicityour patronage. f;The Bourbon Laundry!., Paris, Kentucky1X1EXlBourbon News Advertisers Get Result:IAj IHiJIVXIIi.-sPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON MEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY"" TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, HJMILLERS'Utereitiiig Hews Items Prom Bourbon County's College TownTke ladies of the Methodist-churoii will have a Thanksgivingsale Saturday, November 25.Rev. Gr. W. Nutter has accepted tke call to continue pastor of theCfcrtsftan church for an indefiniteUme.ICillersburg1 was well represented at the memorial exercises inrParis, Saturday. Quite a numberfroui the gckools and citizens werela attendance.Dr. W. G. Dailey and Mrs.Dafler are visiting their daughter,Mrs. Joe Miller, and Mr. Miller, inMemfeis, Tenn.Richard Metcalfe, student ofX. ., Lexington, was the week-endgmest of his parents, Mr. andMrs. W. Metcalfe.Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Strode andson, Alfred, and Mrs. A. C. Ballhave returned from a visit withrelatives in Maysville.The Woman's Missionary Society of Christian church, will hold:their regular meeting "Wednesday-afternoon with Mrs. T. D. Judy.Mrs. B. Norton and Miss BetsySpenoer, of Lexington, and Mr. H."Norton, of Carlisle, were guestsSunday of Miss Nannie Burroughs.Mr. Eugene Nutter, who has"been at home with his parents, Rev.G. W. Nutter and Mrs. Nutter, fortwo weeks, left this week for Cincinnati. Dr. C. B. Smith, H. C. CurTent, S. C. Carpenter, A. S. Best,went to Louisville Saturday andwitnessed the Centre-Washingtonand Lee football game.The Ladies' Aid Society of theChristian church will have an allday meeting Thursday with Mrs."'Mary Huffman. All members arerequested to be present.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson."Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Grimes, Mr.and Mrs. L. T. Vimont, have returned from Eminence, where they"were members of a house party entertained by Mr. and Mrs. T. R.Drain.The Ladies' Aid Society of theChristian church will have aChristmas bazaar, December 2S, offancy works and edibles. They arealso prepared to take orders forcakes and edibles for your Thanksgiving dinner.Col. W. R. Nelson and thecadets, of Millersburg Military Institute, had a prominent place in"the parade at the dedicatory exercises of the Memorial Building in"Paris, November 11, and in the afternoon attended the Alamo Theatre. Prof. W. P. Johnson, Mrs.Johnson and children, Virginia"Bedford, Emily and Frederick Fish-er Johnson, of Bagdad, Ky.. wereweek-end guests of Dr. C. C. Fisherand Mrs. Fisher. Professor andaBiVwd it m-imsiJ!When Cool DaysArrivebe prepared with a newOvercoatRaglan sleeves, belt allaround; in light anddark colors$18 to $55If you come and see usyou will never regret it.Price & Co.Clothiersand FurnishersMrs. Johnson were former membersof the faculty of Millersburg College. Mrs. Johnson before hermarriage was Miss Roth.The Epworth League membersof the Methodist church entertained Thursday evening in the SundaySchool room of the church, with a"Tacky Party." The guests werethe faculty, Juniors and Seniors ofM. M. I.. Millersburg College, andMillersburg High School, andChristian Endeavor of the Presbyterian church. The guests wore allkinds of customs, Marjory Howardwinning first prize for the tackiestcostume, Paul Eckler, as the bestimpersonator, representing CharlieChaplin, Col. W. R. Nelson, Mr.Bonar and Mrs. W. M. Miller, acting as judges. After the grandmarch the guests were seated andhot chocolat" and sandwichs wpreserved. Several games were playedand enjoyed by the one hundred andtwenty-five guests present.The, marriage of Miss MinnieSanders, of Millersburg, and Mr. J.F. Dalzell of Bourbon county, wassolemnized at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. 0. B. Crockett, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch. The bride is the daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sanders, thebridegroom the son of Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Dalzell. The bride wore asuit of blue broadcloth, hat andgloves to match. Immediately after the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Dalzell came to Millersburg as guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Luther Leggett.Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre was hostess to about eighteen friends witha noon luncheon Friday in honorof Mrs. H. Kerby. After the luncheon a unique feature of the evening was the making of a completeoutfit of crepe paper for the guestof honor. The beautiful gowns,hats and coats were fine imitationsof the latest models of the presentstyles. The house decorations werewhite and yellow chrysanthemumsand ferns.The football game that was tohave been played on Saturday. November 11, has been postponed until Wednesday, November 29. Fourof the regular backfield men of theM. M. I. team weie either sick orinjured, and the Carlisle teamagreed to the postponement underthese conditions. A game of football has been arranged with theKentucky Military Institute to beplayed in Millersburg on November24. As this is the fust time the twoteams have- met in Millersburg andthey being the only two militaryschools in Kentucky, a good gameis expected. The alumni is makingthis a real home-coming day forformer students and graduates. Thetwo teams seem to be evenly matched this year and a hard fight willno doubt be required for eitherteam to win. On Saturday, November 18, at 2:30 p.' m.. M. M. I. boyswill play the gridiron warriorsfrom the Lexington Model HiSchool. November 10 PicadomeHigh School football team of Fayette county defeated the M. M. I.here 6 to 0. The features of thegame were the 30 and 55 yard runsmade by Williams and Cooke, respectively, of the Picadome eleven.The visitors' marker came in thethird period when Price wentthrough the Millersburg line for atouchdown, Cook failing to kickgoal.MATRIMONIALA Eecord of Dan Cupid's Doings AThe Days Go ByA marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County cferkPearce Paton to Clarence Phillips,twenty-one, and Miss Ella Wagner,twenty-one, both of Nicholas'county.BISHOP JONESThe marriage of Mrs. SallieBishop, seventeen, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. James Stitt, of Nicholascounty, and Jesse Jones, twenty-five'son of Mr. and Mrs. Abe Jones, ofBourbon county, was solemnized atthe court house in Cynthiana.County Judge W. W. Vanderen performing the ceremony.WA' ! NER P r.A . tt'3The marriage of Miss 171aWagner, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.John Wagner, and Clarence Phillips, son of Mr. and Mrs. ElmrPhillips, all of Nicholas countv,was solemnized Saturday afternoonat five o'clock, in the private officeof County Judge George Batterton,in the court house. Rev. O. B.Crockett, pastor of '.he Paris Methodist church, official The groomis a young larmer of nea Carlisle.Following the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Phiilirs ruruvd to theirhome near Carlisle.DEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must 2ayGILSONWalter Gilson. aged sixty-four,died at his home in Lexington, Saturday night after a long illness. Hehad been an engineer on the Louisville & Nashville for forty years.Mr. Gilson is survived by his widow, Mrs. Margaret Gilson, twodaughters, Mrs. Edward Gilchrist,whose husband was at one time inpartnership in the plumbing business in Paris with Thos. W. Spicer,and three sons, Walter, Alvin andEdward Gilson.The funeral was held at the family home in Lexington yesterday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. HayesFarish. The interment followed onthe famjly lot in the LexingtonCemetery.LODGE NOTESLITTLE BOCK ITEMSMiss Elizabeth Burris, ofTransylvania College, spent theweek-end at home with their parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Burris.Miss Roxie Pope, of Cincinnati,spent several days last week asguests of B. F. Hopkins and family,in this vicinity.Miss Esther Harris spent theweek-end in Lexington as guest ofher brother who is a student at theUniversity of Kentucky.The following were recent visitors in Lexington: C. R. Wallace,Mr. and Mrs. Roberts and MissDorothy Roberts.Mrs. T. D. Bentley and son,Marshall, spent several days thepast week in Paris with Dr. andMrs. F. P. Campbell.BIRTHSMr. and Mrs. Charles J. McCullough, of Middletown, Ohio, arereceiving congratulations upon thearrival of a fine baby girl, weighingeleven pounds, at their home. The.little one has been chirstened MaryJane McCullough. Mrs. McCullough was formerly Miss Carrie MaeJohnson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Spencer Johnson, of North Middletown, this county.Relatives and friends of Mr.and Mrs. Rexford Lyons have re-fceived news of the arrival of a little son at their tome on Madisonavenue, in Covington. The voungman has been named Resford PriceLyons, in honor of his father andmother. Mrs. Lyons e formerlyMiss Stella Price, daughter of Mr.and Mr?. Ambrose Price, of Paris.If a man does not want to becrowded, he should fit himself fora job well towards the top.oThe outlook for safety is improved when folks look out at the railroad crossings.Representatives from the Bourbon county Odd Fellows lodges willgo to Eminence, Thursday, to takepart in the initiation of a class oftwenty-five candidates. The occasion will be made a gala (lav inhonor of the election of J. C. lleiburn, of Eminence, to the office ofGrand Master for tae coming cai.Twenty members of P. I. McCarthy Council, Knights of Columbus.Paris, went to Falmouth, Sundayafternoon, and were guests of theFalmouth K. of C. Council. Afterassisting in ini'tiation work, a social session was held. The ParisKnights reported the Falmouth K.of C. as being live wires and princely entertainers.The Pythian Sisters, womans'auxiliary of the Knights of Pythias, will hold their social session onThursday night, November 23, theregular meeting night of RathboneLodge. K. qf P. All members arerequested to bring their wives,daughters or sweethearts. Hon.Harry Schobert, Grand Representative to the Supreme Lodge K. of P.,is expected to be present and deliver an address. The Grand Chiefof the Pythian Sisters is also expected. After the program is completed refreshments will be served.oBAD TIME TO HUNT GOVERNMENT JOBGeneral AdmissionADULTS OH.27c, war tax 3c...uUbCHILDREN 1 nANo tax IUCGALLERY Of).18c, war tax 2c...UoMOBuy Book TicketsAdult Book. 5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets.....On Sale at Box Office81BRAHDTUESDAYTUESDAY"OUR LEADING CITIZEN" - Thos. MeighanAnd an All-Star Cast, includingTHE0D0EE EOBEBTS, LOIS WILSON, GUY OUVEEThe comedy-drama knockout of the season! Written by George Ade.story of real American life brim full of clean romance and fun.ALSO MUTT AND JEFF AND CENTUEY. COMEDYA swift-moving AmericanWEDNESDAYWEDNESDAYGLORIOUSGLORIA SWANSONin "Her Husband's Trademark"Dressed to look like a loilliion dollars, so that the world would think her husband" prosperousA romance stamped with the purple seal of luxury and life.Extra added attractionJIMMY AFBEEY IN "THE TENDEEF00TTHURSDAY-THURSDAYMARION DAVIES "Beauty's Worth"A Laugh From Start to Finish.A Blazing Society Beauty, who thought she could live without love.ALSO COMEDY AND MOVIE CHATSMusic By "The Grand Trio"ROMANTIC MARRIAGE OF NEWSPAPER WOMAN.The "thirty," which Miss Eleanor Wood wrote to her journalisticcareer at Ashland was the shorteststory she had ever turned in, yether own romance was the subject."Married," said a note penned ather desk when she stopped on theway to a train for Maysville. Meredetails, which another reporter hadto dig were that this fair daughter of a Maysville banker, whocame to Ashland a month ago surethat newspaper work was her vocation, had been married to James S.Moose, Jr., Little Rock, her sweetheart at the University of Missouri,who had come to visit her andwouldn't subscribe to any of hertheories about a "career." He isin the cotton-oil business in Arkansas. The suprise which themarriage, afforded extended evento the parents of the principals.REAL ESTATE DEALSW. R. Moore and PattersonMoore, of Lexington, have purchased from J. W. Thacker, the 380acre farm on the Paris and Georgetown pike, known as the Hatcherplace. This is one of the finestfarms in this section and has ahandsome ten-room brick houseand good barns. The purchaserswill get possession March 1, andwill move to that place. The purchase price was not announced.A. B. Harney, of Cynthiana,sold this week for Mrs. RobertPadgett her farm of forty-sixacres, located on the- pike betweenJones' Shop and Ruddles Mills, toEd. Kennedy, of Bourbon county,for a prica not given out for publication. During "boom" timesthis farm sold twice, once for $13,000, and again for $I5,000, andwas finally returned. This time itbrought considerably less, though agood price for the times.NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTRIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNORTH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(nov25-tfuPoets lack imagination hpnaiiao'the gossips and fishermen use un allf the visible supply.The number of civil service employes on the Government rolls(exclusive of Army,. Navy, MarineCorps, and legislative employees)is now 559,663, the smallest number since the United States enteredthe war. At the time of the armisice, November 11, 1918. the numberwas 917,760. The number of separations in the last four years hasbeen 358,097.The civil service employees inWashington number 68,718. Separations in Washingtion, the chiefcenter for Federal employees, areproceeding at the rate of 400 permonth.At the beginning of the war therewere 40,000 employees in Washington. Because of war activities thenumber jumped to 117,760. Thereduction has been slow, and thefigure never will be so low as itwas in 1916, because of the new activities of the Government as a result of the war. The chief additions have been in the Treasury Department and in the Veterans' Bureau. There will be further reductions in the forces of the WarDepartmenil the Navy Department,the United States Shipping Board,the Railroad Administration, andthe Alien Property Custodian'sOfilce. It is thought that 60,000clerks will be the level finally to bereached in Washington and 475.000for the natdon.SAVE THOUSANDSOP DOLLARSEvery year to the Shoe-buying public ofthis town and vicinity. WE SELLQUALITY FOOTWEAR in all the newest novelties but at MUCH LESS in price.Come This Weekand see the marvelous values on sale andYOU WILL BE CONVINCED! &&gX. P-4cL 1Amazing Values Shoes andSlippers at a Great Saving !Special offer Ladies' newest novelties in beaded Satin Slippers, Tanand Patent Oxfords, Tan LaceBoots, Goodyear welted soles, rubber heels; $6.00 values, on saleA ATnow only.. .. . JJ.UUSale of Ladies' and GrQwing Girls'Tan Boots; all solid leather, onf a apsale at .. .J.jjQLadies' $5.00 Patent Lace Oxfords, a jrrubber heels, on sale at A AJlLadies' Oxfords and Comfort Shoes,tip or plain toes; $3.00 values,fl a ASpecial at Jl.UUSchool Shoe SpecialSavethe Difference!Misses' and Children's .Tan .LaceBoots, rubber heels, $3.d values,Boys' and Youths' Tan Shoes, onf AAsale at $2.99 and Jl.UUChildren's $2.00 Tan turn Shoes, 5f 4 Jfto 8, on sale at lB4llChildren's $1.50 Kid Button Shoes, flf4 to 8; special UuCMen's Shoes, Startling Values$4.00 and $5.00 values, Tan andGun Metal; Goodyear welt soles ;f a firon sale at . . JZ.uDiPOSNER BROS.Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreDAN COHEN STAND 336 MAIN STREET' fV -St if r1 t '- va-- r .i iM- Mi :rr