H-,to Tii -.Vf-iJ?. H'Ys& ' , ,i V'c tK4 "'3r- .-l.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAYIN THE YEAR.' - ' all; MA - - ... tMimTHE BOURBON HEWS-ll 1vs -vul1.&-wVOLUME XLIIW. C. MASSIE-Ji SUICIDEJPtrmer Bourbon Comity FarmerShoots Himself Through HeadIn His Lexington Home.ITOERAL IN PABIS TO-DAYW. C. Massie, 54, retired Bourboncounty farmer, living at 327 Wilgusavenue, Lexington, shot himself thruthe head with a pistol at 9 o'clockyesterday morning, while propped upin bed at his home. He died instantly. Mr. Massie had been confined to hisbed for the greater part of the timeduring the past six years with hearttrouble and hapelessness over being well again is ascribed as thecause of his taking his own life.The bullet entered the head justeehind the left ear and death resulted instantly, according to CoronerJohn Anglin, who viewed the body.H-e was alone in the room at thetime but his night nurse, G. A. Duncan, who was coming down stairs,fceard the shot and thinking it wasntside, went to the door to investigate. The smell of powder smokein the house, caused the nurse to go1d Mr. Massie's room and he wasfound lying lifeless on the bed."Mr. Massie's father was a pioneerdry goods merchant of Paris, beingassociated in business with R. H.Henderson. Mr. Massie's mother,who died a few years ago, in heririll donated her home on Vine streetto be used as a hospital and to becalled the Massie Memorial hospital.Her son, W. C. Massie, wishing to retain the home place, purchased itand then repurchased the residenceof the late G. G. White, on Mt. Airyavenue, which he gave to the city tobe used as a hospital building. Atthe time of his death the elder Massie was one of the wealthiest citizensf Bourbon county. At the death ofthe younger Massie's mother, the estate was left in trust to her son. Itcomprises about fifteen hundredacres of Bourbon county bluegrassland divided into three tracts, "NewForrest," the former home of the lateHorace Robert Miller; the bid Sandusky farm -on the Jackstowri pike,and the Kinzie Stone farm on theNorth Middletown pike.Mr. Massie was the son of thelate Mr .and-Mrs. W. W. Massie, -andwaB familiarly known to his friendsand associates as "Kiss" Massie, anickname given him in his boyhood4ays ,and which clung to him throughthe years. He attended the Parisschools and was lor a time engagear"V":7 . nv, -n niiainoHV in c ;niiHPii. i-lkliiiuiue. uj iParis he went on -a farm owned by4 SB"S ftFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSThe date of our bigClearance Sale will beannounced later to ourfriends and customersof Bourbon and adjoining counties. Watchthis paper for date.RANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSNOTED REPUBLICAN LEADERDEAD IN WASHINGTONSenator Boles Penrose of Pennsylvania, died in Washington late Saturday night after a brief illness.Senator Penrose, who was 61 yearsor age had been complaining for several days, But it was stated repeatedly by his friends that his conditionwas improving and that he would beable to resume his duties in the Senate next week.'His recent work as chairman ofthe Finance Committee in handlingtax and tariff legislation was a greater physical hardship, his friends saidthan he himself had realized.Reports from Senator Penrose'sapartment at Wardman Park Hotelhad indicated that his conditionwas not so good and physicians wereconstantly with him. The first noticeof his death, which occurred at 11:30o'clock, was telephoned by a physician from his apartment to the hoteldesk.Senator Penrose died of pulmonary thrombosis, as a result of heartfailure, Dr. Roy Adams, his physician, . announced. Dr. Adams andtwo nurses were the only persons inthe room when the end came.TRUCK OVERTURNEDA delivery truck of the LexingtonHerald was overturned on the Lexington pike, near the home of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, and badlydamaged. Three wheels were tornoff and the body partly demolished.There was no one near the wreckwhen it was discovered.Forty-six persons are said to havedied in England at more than 120years of age.his father on the North Middletownpike, which he conducted successfully for many years. Some years agohe removed to Lexington, where heresided up to the time of his death.He is survived by his cousins, W.K. Massie and R. D. Williams' bothof Lexington; Ed Ingels, Miss BelleOgden, Harry Ogden, Embry Downeyand Ben Downey, of Paris, andMisses Lalhe and Lizzie Massie, oiUtah, daughters of the late RobertC. Massie, of Paris. .The body was brought to Paris yesterday afternoon and "taken to theundertaking establishment ofGeorge W. Qavis. The funeral willbe held at 2:30 o'clock tins (Tuesday) afternoon, -with services conducted at the Massie mausoleum, inthe Paris Cemetery, by Rev. T. b.Smylie, pastor of the Pans Presbyterian church. The pall-bearers willRoger Williams, Ja n. iuBcttt Tr mr...o rati Downey, iaiueUCi AfcUfew. .. - - Tw . rv- jxj.gio3iv w- -Ogden and Alex Miller.- -"iMPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3 1922THOMPSON ISv NOWSPEAKEBourbon Representative's OpponentsFor Speakership WithdrawFrom the ContestBOURBON MAN'S THANKFULIAll open opposition to the .candidacy of James H. Thompson? - ofBourbon county, as candidate forweaker of the Kentucky House ofRepresentatives disappeared Saturlay. Both Ira D. Smith, of Christian county ,and H. C. Duffy, of Harrison county ,the only two avowedcandidates for the post late Saturdayannounced their withdrawal from;therace, leaving an open field forcglMr.Thompson. tg;Mr. Smith announced his withdrawal in a signed statement sayingthat he was withdrawing on.theeveof the opening of the legislature,which convenes today, "in the inter2st of party harmony and in 'orderthat the general assembly may -' approach the problems of the generalassembl yfree from discord an'Cifactional strife."Mr. Puffy on learning of the withdrawal of Mr. Smith authorizedeannouncemen't that he would not bjgbef ore the Democratic House caucwfonMonuday afternoon. "You mayiay,"Allsaid Mr. Duffy, "that I will noFbebefore the caucus." $$Mr. Duffy declined to commemgeyond the sentence authorizing -Announcementof his withdrawal. vOn learning of the withdrawalfall opposition Mr. Thompson ,saidjj"I appreciate the courtesy sho'rnme by the members and the unusualcourtesy shown by my opponenjtsojrthe speakership, who came voluntarily and pledged their support iadcooperation. I feel that this is ifi unusual compliment as it now- seemsthat I will have no contest before theDemocratic caucus, a thing tha$hksnot happened in a generation. ."Such acts as this create a feelingof good fellowship, on the evej'ofg.thlegislature, that presages inTwjmg:the success of the lcsiolntuRiijts3II-J. J-l.t4- 4-Vta rnrninn nrill-i.-wwOlTi'1harmoniously and we wUilfchirmuch good." x 7-o. HELD ON FQRGERYCE&SCTM:- , w?Deputy Sheriff R. M. Gilicey onSaturday placed under arrest BerginWinslow ,alias Virgil Bentley, sixteen years old, on a charge of uttering a forged instrument, a check,which he tendered at the clothingstore of H. M. Collins & Co., in thiscity in payment for a bill of goods.Young Winslow bought a pair ofshoes at the Collins & Co. store Saturday night, giving in payment acheck for $16.50, which he said hehad received from B. F. Parker. Hestated that (Parker is raising a cropof tobacco on the farm of J. J. Haggard near Paris. Mr. Collins cashedthe check, giving Winslow $8.00 inchange. When Mr. Collins presentedthe check at the Peoples-DepositBank he was told there was no suchdepositor at the bank as B. F. Parker. A search was then begun for"Bentley," the name used in endorsing the check. "Bentley" waspromptly identified as Bergin Winslow, who was stripping tobacco on theJonas Weil farm in this county.Winslow admitted his guilt, and wastaken to the county jail.. oCUPID ROOM AT YParis boys who desire to remainin single blessedness should not, ifthey room at the Y, ask for room 313at that institution. This particularroom is receiving some notoriety asa "Cupid's room" from the fact thatjyvithin a few months four formeroccupants have forsaKen tneir oacu-elorhood, and been gathered miointo the ranks of the benedicts.Those who have gone out from theloving care of room 313 into theuntried state of matrimony are Rev.T. S. Smylie, popular pastor of thePresbyterian church, A. B. Waddill,Wm. E. Hacker, Secretary of theParis Commercial Club, and Y, H.Harrison, popular member of the L.& N. forces in Paris. SecretaryHarrison, not wijling to discouragethe little blind god from prosecuting his campaigns, at the same timewarns all intending occupants ofroom 313 to become inoculated withanti-matrimonial toxin.LOCAL EMPLOYMENT AGENCYA short time ago the Paris Commercial Club offered its services toemployers in need of help, and offered to help as far as possible to takecare of the unemployed in Paris.The Club has been successful in obtaining employment for a number ofmen, but there is now on the list anumber of cases of very needy menand boys who need employment. TheCommercial Club asks that anyonewho Tiae" usef or a" laborer will get intouch with, the secrctary,tjiMr. Wm.E. Hacker at once. sf3?JiBANKERS MAYAID THE POOLMembers of Bnrley Association Con -fident Cincinnati Bankers WillAid Finances113TH WAREHOUSE ADDEDOfficers and members of the financeand executive committees of the Bur -ley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation, who returned from Cincinnati, expressed confidence thatthe Cincinnati banks would advancea liberal share of the money thatmay be needed to finance the handling of the 1921 crop."Our reception was very cordial,"said James C. Stone, president andgeneral manager of the association,who was one of the spokesmen forthe. association, at the conference atlthe Sinton Hotel."I haven't a doubt that we shallreceive from the Cincinnati banksall that we could reasonably expect," said Charles N. Manning,chairman of the finance committee,who, with Mr. Stone presented theproposition of the Burley Association. "The attitude of the bankerswas distinctly sympathetic and theywent into the matter so thoroughlyas to indicate to us-a real interestin the proposition.Besides Chairman Manning themembers of the finance committeewho went to the Cincinnati meetingwere James C. Wilson, of Louisville; J. Ed. Bassett,. Lexington,W. C. Montgomery, Elizabethtown,and James McClure, Paris.The executive committee memberswho attended' the meeting were Jas.N. Kehoe, Maysville; Bush W. Allen,Harrodshurg;. John B. Winn, Ver-salll-couna Juage Robert W. Binr--nuiaTTlOlllsvnier -se s 'The ll3t&warehouse t0 he turn-ed-over to the Burley Tobaccaowers'.COronerative Assoclatry:i. . -U!i: jehouses-'RalDli M . Baker. ItK"-J b" "" " " xxoxiuca uuuwatjIaysville, one of three whoseoriginal contracts had contained aspecial elapse and all of which wererejected on inspection of DirectorBaker.Director Baker said that practically all his time is being spent onthe selection of the personnel of theorganization and that it was hopedannauncement could be made by theend of this week of the men who areto have charge of the business ofthe association in the various warehouse districts.Mr. Baker would not say anythingas to the probability of his selections for any of the places it will be inecessary to fill. Warehousemenwho have turned their houses overto the association have agreed intheir contracts to continue in chargeof the plants if asked to do so bythe association, at compensation tobe agreed upon between them andthe association.MASTER'S SALESAuctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atthe court house door in Paris yesterday for Master Commissioner O. T.Hinton, the following pieces ofproperty:The Eliza Corrington property, inMillersburg, to Joe Green, for $265;the Dan Baker property, in EastParis ,to Catesby Spears, for $1,936;the George Watts property, on Lilleston Avenue, to Andrew Hutsell,for $300: lot in Rassenfoss Addition.belonging to the George Watts estate, to Lizzie Hawkins, for $50; theGeorge Watts property, on Eighthstreet, to Nannie Watts, for $510;the George Holland property inLylesville, to James Robinson, for$558, and a house near same, belonging to same estate, to James Robinson, for $330.ENJOYABLE LODGE MEETINGOne of the most enjoyable socialgatherings of the holidays was thatheld Saturday night at the MasonicTemple, when the members of ParisLodge No. 2 F. & A. M., entertained their friends, members of theirfamilies and others with a dance andsocial entertainment. Dancing wasindulged in from eight to twelve. Itwas primarily intended as a get-togetheraffair in order that the families of thfr lodge members mighthave an opportunity of getting cfluainted. The entertainment wassuch, a pronounced success that itanil more than likelv bfr made aweekly event during the -winter aeM,$SOn. ' " . .-;.Damascus is iurrbunde'd by. diI lapidated wall six' miles in circum-lBETIRING MANAGER PRESENTED WITH GIFTS. fr. W. D. Rees, formerly of Winchester, took charge Sunday of thebusiness of the Cumberland Tele-! phone Co- at this place, as Manager, to succeed Mr. .H. H. Floydj Mr. Floyd is transferred to the officeof District Manager Webber inWinchesterw " , MtMr. Floyd was presented with anumber of handsome and usefulpresents Friday night by the plantand construction employes, operatingand office forces. as a token of their1 esteem- A meeting was held in theI exchange, followed by a social hour,in which Mr. Floyd was tendered al r Ya l0?aH Growers' Cooperrecention and a IV u. fbve Association organization hTreception and a farewell from his been announced by Ralph M. Barktrformer business associates.. director of the warehouses.Mr. Floyd leaves Paris with the JoHn L- Buckley, of Lexinsto,best wishes of those who knew him Wa9 aPPinted assistant to the dire-Hls successor, who cornea m?virecommended, is being given a warmwelcome.PARIS WOMAN ROBBEDMrs. Jack Wilson, of 1842 CliftonAvenue, this city, who had just re-mrnpn -FTrtivi n ..;:!. x..wx iiwiii a vibiL co TriPTlrta anH Ithe man, who made his escape, in hishurry dropping the nockethook andring but holding to the suit case.Train authorities at Corbin notified the police and a vigorous searchwas made for the thief, who was later arrested in the station at Corbin,with the suit case in his possession.'He was given an examining trial atCorbin and held without bond toawait the action of the grand jury atWilliamsburg, being placed in the jailat Corbin.FUGITIVE RETURNEDAn attendant from tho EasternLexington, came to Paris Saturdaymorning, and took in charge JohnAndrew English, white managedn'ftyreightrhtpcapedfjomjhe in?stitution last 'TSesday8RBfce-J3oa--pitai autnormes sent a message, tothe Paris authorities, notifying themof English:- escape from the Hospital,and search was made for him. Hewas not located until Friday night,when Patrolman George Judy caughthim at the Tenth street passengerstation of the Louisville & Nashville,in this city. The Hospital authorities were notified and the attendantcame the following, morning to takehim back.The Original0vrelatives in Corbin, was fortunate in ' named warehouse manager for thftrecovering her suit case, which had I Lexinfffcon leaf department, amdbeen stolen from the train by a man ' Charles Latham, Lexington, waswhose description was given to the I mace supervisor of warehouses forpolice. The man entered the train I the entire district. Mr. Latham's duand took a seat by Mrs. Wilson. As ' fces wi consist principally of tathey neare dthe station, the man Properties taken over by the assoriagrabbed Mrs. Wilson's pocket book on tbeir scales and other equipher diamond ring and her suitcase! ' ment and keeping them in nrgtMrs. Wilson made an effort tn Vrld ' class condition.xKklit r1 ffrnrf if War XV :HiHIIe'aiBiRHBvHVSSikv X.HVHeHiflBbBPlHflBv''X.J.P. SMITH SHOE CO. Makers.CHICAGOWHEN your feet are properly clad, why dread a littlerain? Dr. A, Reed Cushion.Shoes not only give style forsunny days and comfort for hotones, but they keep your feetsnug and dry whed itfs cold andrainy. They ' needno Breakingin",It's All inMitchell &-. . .-u:wmmnmiaamjLmLSDISTRICT CHIEFSOF POOL NAMEDJohn I. Bnckley, of lean.Made Warehouse Mkmger ForTWs Secton of State-AH, WORKED DT CAMPAIGMAppointments to a number of iM-! Port.ant Posts in the personnel of tto"" warehouse manager lor tfccentral district. C. L. Walters. ShUbyville, warehouse manager for thewestern district; James W. Fitzgerald, Maysville, manager for Ohioand Mason county, and John JLCrockett, of Sharpsburg, warehouamanager for the remainder- of theastern district.Robert E. Beattv. Lexineton wmF William C. McDowell, Lexinfl-on, was appointed manager of th's-drying department, in charge ofthe entire district.All of the appointmentsAll of the appointees selected byDirector Barker took an active partin the campaign for the organization of the association and werloyal boosters from the very beginning of the effort to organize thfarmers. With the exception of Mr.Latham, all are tobacco growers, andMr. Latham is an experienced warehouseman, an architect and contractor. The limousine of Mr. Brutua CUy,- -in.which Mri Clayit Mrs- Clayj-dhhis-bBkter-ii-lawT'MiM McA-voy, wexriding, was" turned: over While piiing through the yard at the residence,of Mr .and Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Saturday afternoon. Mrs. Clay received a few bruises about the face,but the other occupant of the carwere uninjured.Tallinn haa tiroduced nickel thim-ner than paper and has had a bookprinted on It.mfcAiand Genuineuthe CushionBlakemore:; if- - Ji. - v,crx".w w v j .. v - y j-r i m a k. m.IA. -,' hi JIcft--.v.v .c? : -y.. X-?'.C' t'tfi'Liirm3t-!l" -3iC-i -'j:vk,-,-,. -it.3 , fMi "iiAGTiroi i ii iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUMDAY, JANUARY J, liltnhu i- u :S3BSJHTnBOURBON NEWSLed 1881 41 Tears of Coniimmoms JmUioatiomEvery Taesday and Friday3 Tear $2.006 Months $1.00taymale Cask vt Advance.PBT dbAXP, Edittr ad Owner.at the Paris, Kentacky,m HtfllCattex- oC thed OtaaMFOREIGN EEPRBSENTATlfES. Tack iaierioam Frets Amo--Loni 6 Tkomas.Idnnia M, W. Ajera A Son.Jtianta Hassemeale AcLy. AgenoyIkoinxati Blaine Thompson GoLlaisville Lowman-Mullican Go.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, (1.00 pertajh. for first tine; 50 cents per inchmgn subsequent insertion.'Reading Notices,, 10 cents per line46b. issue; reading notices in blackfy&6 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions and- sfa&Uar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertlse--mentsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-te decline any advertisement orotker fatter for publication.Announcements for political offices.Must invariably be accompanied byAiay erroneous reflection upon thecMaracter, standing or reputation of-aay person, firm or corporationwMifcL may appear in the columnso fFHE BOURBON NEWS will be-jftadly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.HHTORIAL FLINGSA Kentucky man claims to haveTu-fduced a breed of corn with red,wfcite and blue grains. And no doubtk he makes "hootch" of it he'll seeon a dark blue background.The Day's Best ThoughtIfhen, in "The Dolls' House," Ibsen-makes one of his characters exclaimrf the burning of her house, "It wastk loss of the dolls that mattered,"jlK. It is often easier to bear with'fartitude a catastrophe than to en.dure the loss of things that, though"trivial, are intimate. To surroundyoarself with little happiness is onejof the great secrets of joyful living,And some of the most fruitful happinesses of all costs nothing;" a friendly word, a smile, a generous thought,a trifling but kindly deed.Taken all in afl, the weather even-figuring in the matter, it was sl veryOod Christmas all around in Paris,both for the givers and receivers.""There is a plentiful presence ofChristmas in the hearts and mindsof the people. The merchants hada. good trade and the people "had a--good time, as far as it went in theirpower to do so. So, it was a rightMerry Christmas, after all."SCHOOL FUNDS SENT TO SCHOOLDISTRICT TREASURERSAfter the first of January fundsapportioned by the State to any-graded school district will be sent-directly to the treasurer of the district. The funds will not be sent tothe county school superintendent,as he is the treasurer of the countyboard of education and gives bond as-such. The treasurer of a graded-.school district must furnish bond of4 4700, which must be sent to the deapartment v of education after it is-approved by the county court.30URB0N FARM CONDITIONS"Tobacco stripping has again taken-jrthe center of the stage in Bourbonf county. The rains of last week' hadtsput the weed in good "case," and aia result, most of the stripping roomswere busy this week, even if no moredamp weather comes. While Bourbon county has raised only about.seventy-five per cent, of the acreagevof tobacco this year which was raised the preceding year, it is predlcted there will be about the same num'ber of pounds, owing to the superiority of the grades raised this yearover those of last.Some hemp breaking is reported as-going on in parts of the county, although there has been very few.acres of this crop raised aroundParis In the past few years. Grainfields are in the best condition, andthere is an unusually good stand ofwheat and oats. Country produce4111 brings good prices on the Parismarket. -Hay is selling for $17 to- 1S a ton.It is disappointing isn't it? togo to a church service and findothiag but a fashion show.' . -o -l0 fls a squad of motorcyclegjlfotWOlB..Skt 41Tift, &The Green FlagThat Was RedBy WILLIAM FALL.Copyriffkt. 1921, Weitcra Newspaper UnionTo be put back on patrol duty sftefourteen years of steady desk wortrand when one is approaching fortyand coasdous of an increasing girth,is enough to distress any ordinarilyconstituted policeman. Dennis Flaherty was ho exception to the rule.He told his wife the news at dinner"They haven't got a grudge againstyoa, Dennis r she asked,, fearful as allwamen are at the thought that theii.hMbands positions are insecure. t"No, it's Commissioner Everett, bad"luck t him," said Dennis. "Nlneteea of us, Nora, woman, turned outf our berths and set to pound thr,sidewalks." ,"But, Dennis," suggested his wifehopefully, "didn't the doctor say youieyes wasn't fit for patrol duty andyou'd have to do desk duty Instead?""That was Doc Flanagan, as good aCork man as ever breathed. The newdoc's a Scotchman.""If I can't do desk work Til show'em they've got the best cop in towndown at the quay, Nora," he said tohis wife at the end of the first day."They've never put you on postdown there!" exclaimed his wife inhorror.The Quay was the name locallygiven to the bridge which crossed theriver between two factory districts.The strikers had constantly endeavored to cross it in parade, but eachtime they had been repelled. However, on the morrow, as they had publicly advertised, they meant to marchover the bridge in a grand processionto the city hall. And this the mayorhad sworn they should not do."There'll be nigh on a hundred ofus, Nora," answered Flaherty. "Iguess I can take care of meself, woman," He felt prouder than ever of hisuniform on the next day when, standing in a platoon with his comrades, hewatched the mob forming in the lowersection of the town. There was thesound of distant music. Flahertystarted and frowned. Why, this wassacrilege. The band was playing "TheWearing of the Green."Flaherty gripped his club tighter.He looked at the lieutenant In charge.He had ordered the men to disperse.to their own posts. Did he not know,then, that aa attack was Imminent?Tills was Flaherty's post, here on thebridprvThat tune!" he muttered. The crohad gathered Into a well-organized detachment and started toward thebridge. In front of It marched two;men, each carrying a huge red flag.On they came, toward the center ofthe bridge, where Flaherty stood. Themusic sounded loudly, the flags waved,cheers and yells came from thethroats of thousands. The sidewalkswere lined with spectators. A faintness overcame Dennis. He strode forward with uplifted club."Stop that!" he yelled. "Stop rightthere, boys. The first man that setshis foot forward, I'll bate his brain3out"The crowd surged backward andforward, and then, at a word of command from its leadeis, advancedagain. The men with the flags-smiledcoolly and contemptuously. Dennisfelt his wrath overcome his reason.He sprang forward and began clubbing right and left. Hs seized thenearest flag. The mob beat againsthim like an invading sea. A thousandvoices clamored for his blood. Theflng was wrenched nut of his hand.Thpn the mob surged forward overhis piostrate body."Flaherty, the Cap's waiting to seeyou," said the man who was bathinghis fc.rehead.Dennis opened his eyes. The swimming room was the district policequarters. Then this battered, achingman on the cot must be himself, Dennis Flaherty. But he had done hisduty. He rose to his feet and staggered Into the captain's worn to confront not the captain alone, but thepollen commissioner.Dmnk and ran amuck right intothe midst of them, commissioner," heheard the captain saying."You are accused of attacking, theparade of Loyal American Hibernians,Flaherty," said his captain. "Also ofattempting to purloin one flag, theproperty of the organization. Whathave you to say?'"Twas the strikers wld their redflags I fought and alone," cried Flaherty. "Red fiag!" snorted the commissioner. "Since when has the red flag beenthe symbol of Ireland's glory, myman? That flag was as reen as theemerald grass of Ireland.""'Twas as red as as that!" criedDennis, pointing to a tattered emblem In a corner of the room. ."Begorra, that's the very flag!'1yelled the captain. "He's drunk still.Commissioner.""I think this Is a cawe for Dr. McDermott," said the commissioner smtlIng. "It's all right, my man." he added. "You can go -home on sick leavienow. I think, Captain, if McDermottagrees with my diagnosis, I may revoke my order concerning desk dutyIn this special Instance."You see, Nora," explained her husband afterward, "with every IrishmanIn town hungering for me bloodwhy, they thought a'whole cop .at thetypewriter was better than .twintyplaces of ene making work for thestreet paving coamlsslomar.".Ik - I 'MISS FEANCES NEWMAN,Chicago, 111."Only a medicine of truly wonderful merit could have "done whaiTanlac did for me and there knothing half good enough for me tosay about it," said Miss FranceNewman, 2639 Hirsch St., Chicago:"I don't think anybody ever suffered any more from indigestiorthan I did and for over a year I wasin wretched health. I had smothering spells and my heart palpitatedso violently I thought I had hearttrouble, but I know now it was allcaused from my stomach."Since taking Tanlac I fell andlook like a different person. Inave a spiendia appetite ana my ai-gestion is just perfect. I sleep'eight or nine hours every night andget up in the morning feeling freshand happy. My friends tell meI'm always smiling now and I certainly ought to be, for I'm enjoyinglife again."Tanlac is sold in Paris at People's Pharmacy. (adv.)MUST MAIL LETTERS IN BOXESOR OFFICEPostmaster J. Walter Payne hasbeen advised in an official communication from the Postoftlce Department of a new ruling recently issued.. This ruling is to the effect thatall letters must be deposited in theboxes on the streets or in the postoffice, and will no longer be accepted at the trains.This ruling was found necessarybecause- the mail clerks onjnany oc-.w-uau-inoremail to work between stations than was placed inthe regular mail sacks, and thferoutine nf thin mail nrtH tha VianriV-.,- 0 .v... Vi4 UU,UU4ing of the regular mail was .morethan one man could do. This wiilwork a hardship in many instanceswhen an important letter will haveto wait over for several hours,when heretofore a personcould take rush mail to the trainstoo late to get into the sack at thepostoffice, which Is sent to the trainsome time before its arrival.oGOLDEN JUBILEE OFDYESDIAMONDSomebody out of touch with truth,once said there is no sentiment inbusiness. Another greater in wisdom, declared: "They pYofit mostwho serve best.' iAll this year a concern ' thathelped put Burlington Vermont, onthe map of national business, is celebrating fifty years of successful service of the womanhood of the world."Diamond Dyes" is half a centuryold and they are having a series ofhappy episodes to make the anniversary a noteworthy one."Diamond Dyes" is a heroic example of the power of advertising, forthe plant of small beginnings nowcovers a city block. The businesswas built on "making good" the advertising that has made "DiamondDyes" a household word.- Positivelythe greatest asset of this proved aidto economy, is the good will of families that run through generations.Young women tell that their mothers and grandmothers before them,were Diamond Dye enthusiasts. Theylike the Diamond "service plan,"which makes it clear that for a fewcents it is easy to "dye old thingsnew."Srhe Wells & Richardson peopleare going to make the golden jubileeof Diamond Dyes nation wide. Theywill do this by the biggest newspa-yci auvenmiug appropriation evermade in the fifty years of service.oThe Chinook Jargon.The Chinook jargon, the prevalentmeans of communication in pioneerdays between traders of all nationsand-the Indians, is still heard in thenorthwest when, old settlers meet inreunion or at pioneer picnics. The jargon is said to date back to the earlypart of the Eighteenth century whenEnglish and Spanish navigators adopted certain vowels and consonants toaonvey their meaning to the Indians..The dialect grew in the course of theyears, until finally words were evolvedto express almost every idea thatmight occur.-Perhaps if some scientist woulddiscover a uae for weeds the peskythings would stop growing,-. ,The ModernCinderellaBy MURIEL BLAIR.wopyritfht, 1M1, Western Newj UhIoh.Cinderella was a foil for Beatrice.That, perhaps, was the real reasonwhy Mrsi Lanham, who had neverbeen known to do an unselfish aet,surprised her Intimates by asking herUttle ornhaned niece ta make herhome with her after her brother'sdeath.Esther and Oliver Benton hadgrown up together in the same hougeIn Ohio, and Oliver had supported hiswidowed mother and sister untilEsther's brilliant marriage to awealthy lawyer. Esther mourned herhusband's death decently for a year;then she moved to New York.Why Mrs. Lanham should havetaken ' little Cinderella whose realnamewas Elizabeth into her homewas a mystery until Mrs. BenthamJenkins solved It"Why, my dear, the reason is perfectly obvious," she said to a friend.'It is only necessary to look at thechildren's faces. Did you ever see amore glaring contrast between beautyand homeliness? Beauty and theeast, I should call it; and that charity child wdn't improve with years,either."Elizabeth heard it and -ran away tocry. Elizabeth wore Beatrice's castoff dresses, after the trimmings hadbeen removed and a certain dowdiness imparted by Mrs. Lanham's deftfingers. That excellent woman knewthe value of a foil for her daughter,particularly now that Beatrice was ofa marriageable age. Beatrice wasklnder. Once she gagave Elizabeth oneof her cast-off gowns.Lester Martin had been a frequentcaller at Mrs. Lanham's house of recent weeks. Martin was the son ofold Roger Martin, the banker.Lester was calling at the Lanhamhome, and Beatrice, having heard thenews from her maid, was hurryingInto her reception gown. Cinderellawas all alone. She was just going upstairs for Mrs. Lanham did not likeher to receive her guests when shemet Lester at the door."Why don't I ever see anything ofyou. Miss Benton?" he asked, detaining her.Elizabeth did not know what to say,so she said nothing."You dear little Cinderella," saiuLester Martin, and bent down andkissed her.She cried wildly for hours, until Beatrice came and found her in her room.Beatrice was too much excited to notice Elizabeth's red eyes. She beganchattering about Lester."Mamma thinks that he is in lovewith me," she said."Do you love him, Beatrice?" inquired Elizabeth."I don't know. I guess I could,"said Beatrice, whirling about. "Mamma says you needn't come down tonight because we are having guests."She came back presently. "Do youknow old Roger Lester is giving afancy dress ball next month?" sheasked. "Yes, the Invitations havejust come. And oh, I forgot to saythat there Is one for you. Mamma haswritten accepting for me and declining for you.Elizabeth trod on air during the nextfour weeks. She went so happily abouther duties that more than once shecaught sight of Mrs. Lanham surveying her with amazed disapproval. Atlast the night of the ball arrived."You need not sit up for us," saidMr. Lanham condescendingly.When the auto rolled away she hurried upstairs and slipped into the balldress and slippers.Nobody stopped her at the door.Masked, among a hundred othermasked women, her presence excitedno comment.The music intoxicated her. Elizabeth could dance divinely. But whenshe saw Lester approach and gravelyask her, her head swayed and her eyesfilled with sudden tears."Shall we go into the conservatory?" he asked, when the musicstopped. He offered her his arm. Atthe door of the ballroom they passedBeatrice and her "mother. Their eyesrested on her, and with a sudden terror Elizabeth perceived that she wasrecognized."What is the matter?" Lester asked,as they sat down. "You are not feeling well? May I get yeu a glass ofwater?"She shook her head. Lester placedhis hand upon hers."Do you think I do not know whoyou are, Cinderella?" he asked, lttoiall that mask? See if I can guess.You are Miss Benton, and you ranaway to the dance.""And I can never go home," saidElizabeth In panic. "She recognizedme. I had never been to a ball before, and I could not bear not to justonce. I don't know what I shall do.""I'll tell you," said Lester. "Youneed never go home again if you willmarry me."He mistook the look in her eyes."Oh, Cinderella," he cried, stretchingout his arms longingly, "I love youwith all my soul. It was you I wentto see, not Miss Lanham. I know allabout your circumstances and your unhappy life. But, Cinderella, I wantyou for my own, and I know a clergy,man over in Jersey who doesn't go tobed until twelve, and if we take a taxi1rab wecan just make it Will yonvuuic wiiu me, uwaereua, aaarv(Yes," sighed CiadereUa, happily,and that was the aetoa ttae 1malseea ktr. - -IAflA., I-vifMvimnft schoolsHiNot1 many colleges have followedthe example of the University of Chisago in maintaining an all-year plan,with the' summer session as thefourth quarter, but there is no question that the summer school of sixweeks or more has become an established, .institution.Ofrthe596 colleges and universities on the official government list,474 had summer sessions this year,and the attendance, a half million ormore, 'will probably exceed that ofthe colleges and universities in the"regular" team.There 4s now literally not a weekin the year when some American college pr University is not in session.Eventually-this system will getdown 'to our public schools, and thenwe will have made a great step forward in our educational matters.MT. STERLING POSTMASTER INAUTO ACCIDENTPostmaster Squire Turner andJames P. King, of Mt. Sterling,were returning from Lexington atan early hour Tuesday morning,when their car skidded on the muddy road between North Middletown rand Paris, and was overturned. Mr.King and the negro chauffeur escaped with but slight injury, whileMr. Turner is suffering from a severe bruised and sprained knee.f The automobile was badly damaged as a result of the accident.Mr. Turner will be confined to hisapartments for several days.Mending.If there Is a jagged tear in yourumbrella, Instead of trying to darn Ituse court plaster on the inside. Thiswill last quite a while unless rainsare too heavy, and will show less thandarning.HIGH GRADE COALWe sell nothing but high gradecoal. Give us a trial order.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSONLUMBER COMPANY.Cumberland Phone 711, Home 510.(decl6-T-tf)WANTED PULLEYWe have a new 24-inch woodenpulley that we would like to exnhanea for a 36-inch pulley, eitherWOOden or metal, navine- Mffaronnnin cash. Or would nav cash for mil.wey uewween z ana 36 inches insize,(tf)- THE BOURBON NEWS.We Buy and SellAll kinds of huosehold goods.A large line of heating stoves nowon display. Get our prices beforeyou buy.Give me a call. Home Phone 246,Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf)NEW POULTRYMARKETI have opened a produce house onFourth street, at the old office ofChas. S. Brent & Bro., opposite thePower Grocery Co., and near theFreight Depot.Prices to-day are as follows:Hens, 4 lbs. and over. . , 13cHens, under 4 41bs 10cRoosters 8cFrying Chickens 17cYoung Ducks 16cOld Ducks 17cYoung Geese 16cOld Geese. . . . ." 15cYoung Turkeys S4cOld Tom Turkeys 28cWE BUY EGGS.Come to see us or call us up.Home -Phone 150, E. T. Phone 123.ffKTW tiff, lil-WM. CROMBIEINTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to LexingtonLexington To Paris645 a. m. 5:50 a. m.8:15 a. m. x 7:20 a m.9:45 a. m. 8:50 p. m.ll: a. m. 10:20 a. m.12:45 p. m. , 11:50 a. m.2:15 p. m. 1:20 p. m.3:45 p. m. - 3:50 p. m.5:15 p. m. 4:20 p. m.6:50 p. m. 6:00 p. m..8:15 p. m. 7:20 p. m.Ifti05 p. m. 9:10 j). m.H:50 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,112.00. Ticketa, single trip, or inqtantitiea, data unlimited, sold between all pointa at reduced rates.KJWTUCIY TRACTION ft TXR-xnrAL co.-Catd-tO, jOflUCome inChill andsoma home.and try our famoanSnappy Cheese. TakeBLUE GRASS CAFBWANTEDDistrict Manager: Are you efficient at organizing, handling agaand promoting sales? If so. we hamJ the best money making propositionon eartn. sometnmg tnat is yefmanent as the -hills. We wanthear from a party to handle Boubon county, who can give referenea.WriteARTECO STORE,506 W. Walnut St., Louisville, lar.27-3t)Notice to CreditorsAll persons having claims againstthe estate of C. J. Lancaster, deceased, are notified to present t3same, proven as required by law,my attorney, Denis Dundon, at homce in the First National BankBuilding, in Paris, Ky., on or befoiaFebruary 15, 1922.All persons knowing themselvsfimaeDiea to saia estate will nleacall and settle with my attorney.Jb'JttAWK M. BURTON,Administrator of C. J. Lancaster(16dec-tol7jan)An OrdinanceCITY HALL, PARIS, KTDEC. 22, 192.AN ORDINANCE PROVBDINFOR A POLICE FORCE, A FIRDEPARTMENT AND STREET ANQUARRY FOREMAN FOR THECITY OF PARIS, KENTUCKY, A5FIXING THE SALARIES : Op'saSOFFICERS AND FIXING THE SALARIES OF OTHER 'CITY OFFfCERS, NOT HERETOFORE FIXEVIDING FOR A LIGHT INSPECTTOR AND PRESCRIBING THE DlfAS PROVIDED BY LAW AND PROTIES OF SAME AND THE MANNER OF HIS SELECTION ANPROVIDING FOR THE COLIJETION OF DELINQUENT LICENSBTAXES.BE IT ORDAINED by the Mawand Board of Council 6f the CitytfPans, Ky.,That for the ensuing term wlBoard of Council elect one Chief 0Police at a salary of $110.00 pimonth and four Patrolmen at a salary of $90 00 each per month, payable monthly, and that the Board ofCouncil furnish to said Chief of Felice and to each of said Patrolmenjwo uniforms per year to be selectedb?ih?.Boa,rdof Council. Said Chiefof Police shallfrom month to montk.tKSK: a n?ne J ld Patrolmen eTraffic Officer for the City of Parisand one of said Patrolmen for LirhtInspector for said City.I1!6? of said Liete Inspectorshall be to inspect all of the streetlights of the City of Paris and tokeep a correct acenrm rvf 1,0-of said lights and to report the sameto tne ijoaru of Council at the firstregular meeting thereof in eachmonth.The duties of the Traffic Officershall be to enforce the traffic rulesand regulations in the City of Parisand to cause the arrest of all partiesviolating said traffic rules and regulations and ot cause them to bebrought before the Police Court fortrial.ni?111 a further duty of theChief of Police to see that all licensetaxes due the City of Paris are paidpromptly when due and to prosecuteall persons, firms and comorationsengaged m business in the City ofPans without license.2. That for the ensuing term theBoard of Council fix -the salary of theChief of the Fire Department at asalary of $100.00 per month, payable monthly and three Firemen at asalary of $85.00 per month and thatthe City furnish the said Chief andthe three Firemen one uniform peryear.3. That the salary of the City Attorney be fixed at the sum of $500.00a year, payable in equal monthly installments and three per cent of alldelinquent licenses and taxes -collectedby him.4. 'That the salary of the CityClerk be fixed at $75.00 per monthand that the City Clerk be required, in addition to the keeping of therecords of the Council, to keep a bookof accounts of the receipts and expenditures of the City of Paris, asnow kept and. to make out the taxbills due the City of Paris and thatsaid Clerk be required to keep andmaintain an office in such place asmay be provided by the Board ofCouncil and to keep his office openand in attendance from 8 o'clock A.M. to 12 o'clock Noon and from 2o'clock P. M. until 5 o'clock P. M. allsuch week days, except legal holidays. 5. That the offices of City Collector and City Treasurer be and theyare hereby combined, and that thesalary of said City Collector andTreasurer be fixed at the sum of $300pe rannum.6. That the position of Street andQuarry Foreman is hereby createdand that one person be elected tosaid position to hold office at thepleasure of the Council and a salarybe fixed at $85.00 per month andthat the duties of said officials shallbe to superintend the operation ofthe City Quarry and to superintendther. construction and repairs ofstreets and sewers in the City ofParis, to keep the streets clean andin proper order and to have chargeof -the city property used ia saidwork.E. B. JANUARY," Hayar City'ef Farts'; Xy..&Vjl-Jaf v'"U.ip $'!lufcSwH'J? . V .,-r y&ftJ&t;- fr?,JX. fJ -J "-k-SW.-V$xMf TUlflDAY. JANUARY S, If ItiTOWN PESTS1 That-Kid-Next-Door doesn't Reallyltok like This; he Just Acts like ItWhat he Doesn't Do Isn't WorthThinking of, and what he Does DoBometlme8 makes him an Awful Pest.A Kid like this must hare Inspiredtfcat Famous Saying, "Boys should be.Murled between the Ages of Tear andTftmrteeni"Phrase Hardly Justified.The 'Three Tailors of Tooley Street"lFere three worthies who held a meettig In Tooley street, Southwark, London, for the redress of popular grievances, and addressed a petition rotke house of commons, while Canningwas prime minister, beginning; "We,tke peon' of Englnrv1, ioAnother trouble with the ship ofState is that too many people aretrying to rock it.We Thank YouFor a very generouspatronage during theclosing year, and wishy u, one and all aHappyNew YearLogan Howard"The Home of Good Thingsto Eat"' i VB-p r iWhite Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT. Expert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage SuppliesCars Washed(tf)HfflBnlifi- .THE notable quality of our professional efforts is theirdignified character.Our unfailing politeness is at all timesfavorably commentedupon. Our servicesare faithfully performed.Ak&-y - . . imftrnxe.. . ,PARIS TESHMONYHome Proof, Here, There andEverywhere1 1 i r: When you see Doan's Kidaey Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same evprvwiTArAi-.In 13,800 town 'in the'Tj. S. Fiftytnousana -peopit; -jmblicfy thankDoan's. What: other kidney remedycan give this proof of merit, honestyand truth? Home- testimony mustbe true or it could not be publishedhere. Read this Paris rApnmm an Nation. Then insist on having Doan's.You will know what you are getting:O. T. Sprake. contractor ami carpenter, 304 Main street, says: Ihave been a sufferer from kidneytrouble fo rmany years, but Doan'sKidney Pillsi is the 'best medicine Ihave ever Jteen able to .find. Theyalways givetme fine relief .and I can'treommend them too -highly. I haveueeu in Daai anape at times andbackache caused me to lay off workfor several davs. I wrr ptaaHv 0noyed by the -? frequent passage ofthe kidney secretions whiMi .retained a sandy sediment. Whenever I have any need for such aJ a medicine I use Dnn vriAnrPills and it doesn't .take them long tofix me up in good shape."Price 60 at all dralers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Sprake had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.The Oil From the Rocks.References to what Is known as coaloil are very numerous in ancientliterature. It was used in biblicaltimes at religious rites, and also bythe medicine men of the Indians forcuring certain ailments: In thoseearly days it was known as rock oil,from the Latin of which petra oleumiwe haye bur petroleum.oWORRIED WIVES,READ THISHalf Sick, Cross Husbands Will BeHelped by Glide'sPepto-ManganIs he "cross as a bear" when hecomes home? Is he nervous and abit pale and always tired? You canhelp him back to health with Glide'sPepto-Mangan. He is run-down, andPepto-Mangan, the wonderful bloodtonic with the right kind of iron init, will build him up. Help yourhusband get plenty of red blood andhe will bo well and good naturedagain and strong, too. Good blood,good health, makes happy, goodhumor that is the way it goes. Ifyou don't give him ome kind of atonic he will probably get worsethey usually do. Go to the drugstore and ask for Gude' Pepto-Manganin liquid or tablet form. It ispleasant to take and works wondersit taken daily for a few weeks.(adv)oThe Bolshevists might have succeeded if they could have abolishedhunger.. t:i .r. :-'- r M-4&wf""APERSONALSMrs. Henry Fuhrman left yesterday for- her winter home at Wauchaula, Florida". "Mrs. Alice Ware isrvisiting he'rsons, Drs. James T. Ware and WillWare, in 'Danville.Mrs; JepthaJ. Haggard has returned -from a ytetf to friends andrelatives in RichmondT1 -Mrs: rSalliesTl. V1t1t. eritpcfTOrs. oilie Hedgea,-has returned to-." T - --- M , wner nome in Maysville. "j iMrs. Louis Mussinon has returned from a visit to Misses Mattieand Alice HugheB, in Lexington.Robert Prye, of Middletown,Ohio, is a gliest of 'Mr.L George Justice, at his home near Shawhan.Mrs. George Raesenfoss, has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling,after ; a- Yisitit to relatives in thiscity. KMrs. James M. Arnold, of Newport, is a giiett of her brothers, ,WmG. andiT.. Hart Talbott. on Duncan3avenu&r it?,Mr? and-Mrs. Frank Napier andson spent the holidays in Covington aalguests of Mr. and Mrs. T. C.Carmill.Keith Spears has gone to Eustis, Florda, to spend the winterwith his brother, Woodford Spears,and family.Mrs. Cynthia Harris has returnedto her home in Richmond after avisit to Mrs. N. F. Bohn, of Mt.Airy avenue. -Mrs. Leslie Hayes and children,of Livingston, are v visiting Mrs.Hayes' sister, Mrs. Ed. Quinn, onFerguson street.Wm. P. Mayfleld, of Dayton,Ohio, is visiting at the home of Mr.and Mrs. James Doty, and other relatives in this city.Mrs. Walter Clark has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Ray Farrington, and Mr. Farrington, in Philadelphia.O. T. Tapp and son, Earl Fithian Tapp, have returned to theirhome in this city from a visit to relatives in Taylorsville.Misses Roberta Adams and MaryGarham Williams have returned totheir homes in this city after a visitto Richmond relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Carlie Wilmothand children spent the holidays asguests of the latter's parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Shropshire near Leesburg. Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis havereturned from Maysville, wherethey spent the holidays as guests ofthe latter's father, Mr. Hamlet &.Sharp.Mr. Frank Hall has returned tohis home in Huntington, West Va.,after a holiday visit to his daughter,Mrs. Charles W. Fithian, and Mr.Fithian.Mr. and Mrs. Fithian Lillestonand little daughter have returned totheir home in' Wichita, Kansas, after a visit during the holidays torelatives.Miss Mary Ruth Roberts has returned to her home in Covington, after a visit at the home of her aunt,Mrs. Robert Mclntyre, and family,on High street.Mrs. L. M. True entertainged informally at her home on Sixteenthstreet in honor of Miss Elkas, ofPittsburg, Pa., guest of MissesClark, on South Main street.The following from Paris attended the dance given in" Lexingtonby Mark Bunday: Misses ElizabethGaitsgill, Emily Fithian, Lillian Talbott, May Letton; Messrs. GeorgeDundon, Farris Adams and RobertSmith.Mr. and Mrs. Forrest Lettonhave gone to Jacksonville, Fla., tospend the remainder of the winter.During their absence their daughterwill he with Mr. ' and Mrs. RobertMeteer.Edward Eals, who was takensuddenly ill last week, and was inthe Massie Memorial Hospital for afew days, has gone to West BadenSprings, West Baden, Indiana, to recuperate.Charles E. Butler, Jr., and sonCharles, have returned to theirhome in Dayton, Kv., after a visitto the former's father, Charles E.Butler. Sr.. who has been auite illI at his home on Second street.Mrs. Anna Elgin, who has beenseriously ill for some time at herhome on Seventh street, has been removed to a Lexington hospital fortreatment. Mrs. Elgin's friends inthis city hope she may be soon restored to health.Misses Jo and Ann ThomasEwalt entertained with a dance atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Joseph Ewalt, near Paris lastnight. A large number of youngfolks enjoyed the hospitality of thehosts for the evening. Delicious refreshments were served.Miss Elizaheth Perrine, of Lexington, District Vocatonal Nurse forthe U. S. Veterans Bureau, was inParis Saturday, interviewing former service men in training here.She was accompanied by E. M. Elliott, rehibitulating assistant, whomade the trip for the purpose of investigating the progress made topromote the interests of the men.Frank L. Still, of the Kentuck-ian-Citizen,spent the holidays withhis family in Cincinnati. He wasaccompanied as far as Cynthiana byhis daughter,' .Miss. iVirginia' .Still,who Is visiting friends there. Mrs.Still expects to come to Paris inabout two weeks and the family willgo to housekeeping here.Good cheer reigned supreme atthe reception and banquet given inNorth Middletown by the Commercial' Club, of that city in compliment to Henry S: Cay wood, who willrepresent cms district in tne upperHouseiof the Legislature as StateSpnfttnr. Ha v. F. M.. Tinder, nastorof the North Middletown-Chrittianchurch, presided aif toastmaster, anda delightful.:? &f?nlmgi was .spent.Talks of ah interesting nature weremade by, John W. Jonea, Warrem M.Rogers . advMr. - Cay wood. rHfcr Ftrwaak Pt i)"b p'THE BOURBON NEWS,BEHOVAL OE WAB, TAX OH EXPRESS , -SHIPMENTS- WILLBENEETT PUBLICThe public will save approximately $1,500,000 a month as a result ofthe elimination of the war taj: nexpress shipments according to Geo.C. Taylor, President' of the AmericanRailway .Express Company, An an-1 -..vvu.yuv lu VUIO CUBlil, WOO UiaiCn Uday byCr-E. Colliver, the localexpress agent, - .The "Revenue Act of 1921" eliminates the war tax of one cent onevery twenty cents and fractionsthereof in, transportation charges.on,all "express shipments.' This taxduring the year amounted to $17,502,918. The average transportationcharge for each express shipmentwas approximately, $1.50 and the average war tax for each., shipmentfwas eight cents. The elimination oftthe tax, therefore, Mr. Taylor states,will virtually amount to a decreasein rates of a little-over five per cent.The Treasury Department has requested express carriers to adviseall claimants who have claims pending, for overcharges, or who filesuch claims after December 31,1921, that claims for refund taxshould be filed separately on Treasury Department Form No. 46, withthe Commissioner of Internal Revenue within four years from the timethe tax was paid, claim being barredby statute limitations if received after such time.Agent Colliver pointed out that asthe Revenue Act becomes effectiveJanuary 1, 1922, the tax on all shipments forwarded "prepaid" on or before December 31, will be collected.On shipments forwarded "collect"and arriving on or after January 1,the tax will not be assessed.BUREAU OF CHILD HYGIENE ESTABLISHED IN KENTUCKYThe establishment of an efficient,adequately financed Bureau of Child.Hygiene as a department of theKentucky State Board of Health willbe one of the most progressive stepsthat have been taken since the Boardfirst was organized, according to J.F. Blackerby, director of the Bureauof Vital Statistics."There have been," Mr. Blackerbysaid in explanation, "an average of5,215 infant deaths a year in Kentucky for the last ten years. Nearlytwice as many babies die before theyreach one year of age as die duringany 10-year age period."The most deplorable fact aboutthese deaths, and it is in this connection that a Bureau of Child Hygiene will render inestimable serviceis that sixty-five out of every hundred of them are preventable."Another important fact is thatthe same preventable causes whichkill babies frequently also producechronic sickness and maim and cripple them for life, thus incapacitatingthem physically, mentally and morally." WE ARE INTERDEPENDENTMore than eighty billion dollars isinvested in the farming inudstry inthe United States. This is morethan is invested in railroads andmanufacturers.Wm. M. Wood, president of theAmerican Woolen Company, toldthis at a meeting of farmers. Hepointed out that all industries,farming included are interdependent,and that what happens to one happens to all.Mr. Wood's argument was that allindustries should pull together.Individuals are equally interdependent. The man who has a jobmay not be worrying about employment. He should be, for his jobwould be safer and would pay moreif all were working.Break the mainspring of yourwatch, and the whole works stop.Depression in business affects all,just as quickly.Our descendants may thank us forwinning the world war, whether hebelieves all he says or not.It is curious how quiet we arewhen a millionaire endows a hospital, observes the Columbia Record,and how excited, we become whenhe endows a chorus girl.METHODIST MEMBERS INCREASE90,404 IN YEAR-Membership in the MethodistEpiscopal church increased 90,404during the year ending December 1,1921, according to statistics comoiled and announced by Dr. OlivetS. Baketel, editor of the MethodistYear Book; New York. This increase was in communicants of thechurch not adherents.The membership of the MethodistEpiscopal church is 3,938,655 In theUnited States and 542,087 in foreignlands. Benevolent enterprises of thechurch during the year received$19,472,423.87.v There are 40,198churches and parsonages, 34,500ministers and local preachers. Theaverage yearly salary of the Methodist preacher in this country is$1,576.oWhy not let ,Tus save davliehtWe can't 'save "anything else.z-oIt is a dull week that doesn'tI bring a new cris1a.of some tort.-"Why do men- iget "drunk ?""'aakan exchange. Nqtrwhy, out how? '3 -O "Cold ftt art abominably whttker1 M or out of it.ts - -PARKfMNTUCKY4 PerB i t? ' ...ENTEKESTTermSavings...A profitable return on ybur money withabsolute safety. All deposits made on orbefore the 10th of January, 1922, drawinteres from the 1st.5ankUnionLEXINGTON, KY.S.-E. CORNER MAIN AND UPPERTHE UNlifERSAt CABNEW PRICES(F. O. B. DETROIT)Chassis $295Runabout $325Touring Car $355Truck ChassisCoupe $595Sedan ...$660These are the lowest prices of Ford cars in thehistory of the Ford Motor Company., Orders are coming in fast, so place yours promptlyto secure early delivery.RUGGLESMOTOR:XsX:Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetTV "BoBbI j u i AParis,5;ATTENTION, BUS PASSENGERS-2 OFREO COMFORT BUS LINErunning between Georgetown, Paris," Clintqnville and Winchester. Owlnew ocneauie as given ucxuw wm . .wwu .& &Better destroy all former Time Tables and cut this, ont for fntnrt rtfs--ence.' Leave Paris for GeorgetownT.09TA Ppntprville for Georgetown 7:00tjiva Newtown for .Georgetown -7:15 ra. m., 3:15 p. m.Leave "GebrgetowiT for "Paris .7:30' p. m.,' 3:40 p. "m.Leave Newtown Af of ."Paris "8 rOO a. m.. 4:00'P. mLeave Centerville for Paris 8:15 a- m., 4:15 p. m.Leave Paris for. Winchester 8:45 a.'m.v4:45 p. m.Leave Clintonville for' Winchester 9:25 a." m., 5:25 p. mLeave Winchester 'for Paris 10:15 a-'m., :15 p. m.Leare Cllntonvillefor'Pafis" llfOO a. m., 6:55 p. .-Plant- nnnnntkotittrin for Lxinzton. Busses, also Garlkto,.Middletown, Mt. Sterling OwinririllePatronise BoarbonwCentPAID ONt- ..Deposits&$445 iCOMPANYIXKiiXSKXlSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliance!and expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior. ?to none, and solicit.your patronage.IP-'dXayhdiy- Kentucky .5Cs555X:IXiaTHE-6:30 a.m., 2:30 p. m.a. m., 3 p. nr.lkfevf4d Cynthiana.s-itNewt , Advertisers.PUS VBMHT"clTrustDTcCliifrjf V'JL" - .W- -5,y - t -f. - --u . , M " , j " -r"L fo..-,., ' ' . " r- "" i " - ,-'TO tfK7L3!fA . J&Wmt? ?35?r SSi 31 -'PAG1F0URz- ,3 fh- f4n nnrmnAV r, nsrara. tAtM .. zwmfitiltir'f'" "" r."r :rod:XX1JB ; JJ XWHW1- i1VCl ;?"- ft - V j-? .sCjwEMM'Vr.iiii ii iirne limm n'-OFr--tAg fe & -i '.. ' 'vuuFT nV v A T Pllfffhami ' i1 bbbbbbbbbbbbbv bbbbbbbbbbbb bbbbbbbbbbI 1 rBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBia Lbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb bbbbbbbbbI bbbbbbbbbbb bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbI bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbIBbbbbbbbbbbbbbS bbbbbbbbbbW LbbbbbbbbB IbhhBhBhhBhBhBV bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbby BHH bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbV 'bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbIsbbbI bbbbT bbbbbI bbbbbI bbbbbbbbhFurniturecH00YEE AHD WEEKS TAKE OPTIMISTIC VIEW.Much of promise in the year isMen by Secretaries Hoover and on Houston avenue by Mrs. Robert a good time for new students to en- carried over the holidays, and whileWeeks, who in statements issued, de- Goggin, is now under roof, and will ter. the movement from the farms hasclared the American people could soon be ready for the plasterers. All the night school claesses will been lighter, there has been an amlook forward into 1922 as a year of This is one of tne most attractive Pen to-night, and we hope many pie supply for current requirements,recuperation. ' new homes on the avenue, being new ones will join the night classes. Receipts of fresh eggs are in-"Considering that we have gone constructed of red face brick, Tne second semester will open creasing in practically all sections,through the greatest war in history thorousrhlv modern and convenient Monday, January 30th. A new due to the mild open weather, andand considering the dangers thatwe have paBsed through in the greatreadjustment of 1921' said Secretary Hoover, "we have a lot to becheerful over and we have ahead ofus very substantial hopes of steady gtreet, it well under way. When We trust that we may be of more ported an increasse of over 60 perimprovement both at home and completed Mr. Feld will have one of service during the new year than cent, in the make of butter for weekabroad." the most convenient suites of apart- ever before. lending December 24."The industrial and social up- ment3 in the city. The flats will be. We want at this time to thank' In-addition to this increase in thehtaval resulting from the war reach- furnished with all modern conven- everyone who has in any way con- domestic production, -some largeed its crisis during the old year," iences. Entrance to the apartments tributed to the success of the school" shipments of butter. have been reaald Secretary Weeks. "The period is provided for in a stairway open- in the past and assure you that we ceived, or are enroute from Austraof adjustment has been trying for in& from the Maln 8treet side. shall appreciate everything you may Ha to New York; in fact 40,000the people and government alike, The farm belonging to Mrs. A. H. do in the future. We want to give packages of 56 pound each, or 2,but the rapidity with which the Johnson, of Eastland, Texas, con- your child a larger and better life, 2ft,000 pounds, are reported availaAmerican people have been putting taining 140 acres, located on the a better chance to succeed in the blejthls week and next. In additheir affairs In order during the past Jacksonville pike, was sold last world. ion'' there are moderate shipmentsUw months makes the voutlook for week by Harris, Speakes & Harris, I Wfe want to thank the Paris press arriving from Denmark. These concomplete industrial adjustment and realtors, to Mr. B. F. Judy, of Cn-' for its liberal policy toward the dit ions point to a full supply ofrstuting prosperity during the com-' tr "r'flT "oOLD CANE RIDGE CHURCHWallace B. Campbell, of Anderson,Id.. in writing to William F.Hacker, Secretary of the Paris Commercial Club, asking for a copy ofthe late James R. Rogers History ofthe Old Cane Ridge Church, says:"I visited your section of wonderful Kentucky about two years ago,and while at Cane Ridge church thesecretary, James R. Rggers, gave mea history he had written of thechurch, which in some manner hasbecome displaced. My father wasborn at Cane Ridge In 1820, and attended this church. The Campbells,Wallaces, and I think the Rogers,Tinleys and Houstons, mentioned Inttji-Mriy part of the book, are all so PartTf thdem equipmentrelatives of mine. I have one great : including a linotype machine, will bemncle buried In the little church moved to the Sentinel-Democrat ofyard, and my grandmother Camp- ce tlle remainder of the machinerytll- and some of her children took i hag AbeeQn &spTdffof; , .iifi. in.a m v x. I . Mr A' s- Woodruff, formerly oftheir letters out of the church in 'the Lexington Leacfer. and the183S, when they moved to near I Georgetown News, and more recent-Bloomingtom, this State."J: W. Thomas, who issoliciting.brlpUon. to a fund for the PlSSTSiSSxoSi.pose of perpetuating the historic old ochurch, the birthplace of the present! IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE IN THEChristian denomination, togetherwith the adjacent church yard, inwhich are buried Barton W. Stone,JanlM Houston. TJairM Tsmaosvn zxJL Rorere. Samuel naMwoii -nr 'IRofwrs, Prank Colcord, James R. told of tKo advantages of advertisoars. and other nrnn nj' ing in their papers. That is fiction.m the history of the church, statestkat he is having splendid success InraisUg the necessary funds, manyfirwsi a distance, who have tender'lories of the old church, haying"$) contributed recently.TJltE COUNTY OPHCERSI POINTED ON S ALAJtYApAjt a mass meetiag of. farmers ofDaTtoss county, held Saturday after-os, a resolution was adopted urg-ltigtke Kentucky legislature to sub-mit;aa amendment to the constitu-tio to the people, which wouldjglvm the County Judge and two com--jajsqissurs In each county the power-U sjptpimt the Sherl. Ta xCommis-.!, County Clerk, and all otherty oflcers and pay them on astralcat ialary basis. The meetingwas; presided orer by Heiry 8.sriy.- a! sjoot reader takes In 12 or 13Jtttrp ftt oe glance.: lj- Atsstrilfa has an average populaiftsiC two parsons to the squareJSttM. ' --0leather amd rubber arefr yeast, glycerine tarTHIS M O 3ST I1REAL ESTATE DEALSThe brick bungalow being erectedmu.. t.vu i, irtW hainr nrontoflin all respects. When completedthe bungalow will be occupied byMr. and Mrs. Carley Wilmoth.Remodeling of the second story ofthe David Feld buildine. on Mainthiana. for $17,500. The farm, iufrou-w n-t xnecounty, has long been known as theAshbrook place.WINDOW AND DOOR SCBEENSGIVE US Y0UBOBDEB FOB -TTTnST?. TimrnATir Aim -nnvn iSCBEENS THIS WINTEB, ANDHAVE THEH PAINTED ANDBEADY P0B.INSTAILATI0N INTHE SPBING.B0UBB0N LUMBEB CO.nov25-tf)o-NEWSPAPEB CHANGESThe Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democrathas purchased the entire mechanical equipment of the Winchester Daily Democrat, recently con-jly with the Kentuckian-Citizen, hasPurcnased n interest in the Sentinel-JKTEWSThat it pays to advertise comesunder the old saying "Truth isstranger than fiction."Others haveI payB to advertise in THE NEWS.Tnat is utn But lt ls not at a118trange For in8tance- A few daysg0' or to De DrecIse' last ThursdayItornoon' Mrs Kol)t- J eely lost& package containing a pair or valuable gloves on the streets of Paris.She advertised her loss in Friday'savo. r i may morning me gloveswere brought to this office by Mrs.Mary Ireland Davis, who said ayoung boy had found them on Duncan aveiue, and brought them toher.The ad restored Mrs. Neely'sproperty.LumberThe Mansfield-JeffersonCo. advertised a large lot of klndl-jo v owe, jl cuurse tney piaceatheir ad in THE NEWS. And the) DaniellsTeronce said: "Theresponse was so numerous that the longer I live the more highly do I esentlre supply was sold out and Mr. teem the proper observance of theMansfield implored ub to ike thead Ctlan Sabbath and the moreout as it was brfneino- ,,n.ii Pateful do I eel toward thosewho, J , g unexpected impress its importance on theom-results. Therefore advertise In munity ."THE BOURBON NEWS.HEW HOUSE P0E SALEHEW 7-H00M HOUSE CO.PLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, EEECX1IC UGHTS, LOCATED 02TK01TH CUFTOH AVEHUE.B0U1B0X XUXBEX CO-PAEIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESThe Paris City School will opento-day, Tuesday, January 3. This isto-day, Tuesday, January 6. Tnis isFreshman class will open at thattime. The Paris schools are ope-rated with one purpose in view,that is to serve the people of Parisand Bourbon county.school, the Commercial- Club,"Y.beat in theM. C. A., the churches of the city.and other organizations fortheir jhelp and encouragement.We want to particularly expressour appreciation to the loyal corpsof teachers, the Board of Educa-ffmi nnH thn RnlcmrHrl stiidAnf hnrlvi w -- jfor all they have done for the school.Our greetings and hope for thenew year are that we may see ourduty clear, and perform it better'th'is year.Sincerely,LEE KIRKPATRICK,Superintendent.MICKIE SAYSOEOGNG fcl THE LETTERSm-C G-T HUNG OP AT THEP05T OFFICE FER fcODfcESS EfcPOSTAGE , VM 1TH NOT UM OK THEEMM ELOPE SOS THE POS1VCIN TELL WHO TO RETUR.M 'EhNTO, SH0 THltAVC T NNOULOE A GOOD tOEA PER EVCB.N-fcODN -T HAME US FRU4T EMA BO OP ENMELOPES NMTWTheir name and a&oressUP tM ONE CORNERDEfclNQUENTS, NOTICEAll unnnid taves due RnnrhnnCounty wiU be advertised atpublic sale in THE BOURBONNEWS an Joniiarv IrtfliW, G. McCLINTOCK, S. B. C. C.You can't please some people betterthan by doing or saying somethingwith which they may. fina "fault.FOR TAXITo Depot and anvwheMin cityiSBK--BsVl& lBBBBBBBBBS OS9SlB9S -x j1s J- WSJ1 JJ JLlrcfl ) jfrto au. i w j? , i suftw: 0andMARKET BEVIEW FOB DECEME BEE ON BUTTEB AND EGGSiarge supplies oi poultry werepossibly some fowl will be heldhave declined rapidly, due to thelarge supply.The American Association ofCreamery Butter Manufacturers rebutter and moderate prices.: . --; PfJsium nas existed as a kingdomonly since 1830.Big Reductions in Men's andYoung Men'sOVERCOATSThis sale will last only a few days, and we are putting down the prices thatcan't help but sell them. These are radical reductions and the best coats willsell early, so come in and get yours while selections are good and rememberthis sale only lasts a few days.Read the Prices Below and See the RemarkableValues We are Offering.$75.00 Overcoats cut to... $45.00$70.00 Overcoats cut to... 42.00$67.50 Overcoats cut to... 40.50$65.00 Overcoats cut to... 39.00$62.50 Overcoats cut to... 37.50$60.00 Overcoats cut to... 36.00$57.50 Overcoats cut to.., 34.50$55.00 Overcoats cut to... 33.00$52.50 Overcoats cut to. . . 31.50$50.00 Overcoats cut to... 30.00$47.50 Overcoats cut to... 28.5frStrictly Cash7th and Main.yl sHome Phonei -T HStovesH ILODGE NOTESAt the regular meeting ofBourbon Council, Junior OrderUnited American Mechanics, held recently, the following officers wereelected to serve during the new year,1922:Councillor Thomas Harp.Vice-Councillor Roy Jones.Recording Secretary L. D. HonIcan. Assistant Secretary G-. M. Farris.Financial Secretary A. R. Florial. Treasurer A. R. Dennison.Inside Sentinel G. H. Fitzpatrick. Outsde Sentinel C. Bishop.These newly-elected officers will beinstalled at the meeting to be heldin the lodge room to-night. All themembers are urged to be present, asthere will be something doing all thetime.At the recent meeting of Rathbone Lodge No. 12, Knights of Pythias, Mr. Venard Owens, local garageman, was initiated into the mysteriesof the "Page Rank. The impressiveceremony was 'witnessed by a largecrowd, including several visitors. Onaccount of the reports of committeeson the past year's work, installationof officers,, etc., the- Second Rankwill not be conferred on' Mr.. Owens,Until ' the meetinr on the night ofJanuary 12. All members are urgedto be present at this meeting, and$22.50 Overcoats cut to...'I' 'INo Approvals I : .WALSHOn-Price Stor Purls. ir I '"Art v-"sVi m mJ "mei-44S7b--s n Cumb. PllCsna AOA s" I5hear the financial reports. It willalso be a good time to see the Secretary and make payment of yourdues.MT.STERLING EDITOR OFFEMSNEWSPAPEB PRIZEG. B. Senff, editor of the Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democrat, has offereda prize of ten dollars for the secondbest newspaper published in Kentucky during the year.At the recent meeting' of the Kentucky Press Association ProfEnoch Grehan, head of the depart-ment of journalism at the University, offered a prize of $25 to be givenannually for the best newspaper,exclusive of dailies in cities of thafiret, second and third class, published during the year.The gift which Mr. Senff has announced will be given as secondI prise. The purpose of the award isto promote better journalism in Kentucky and to stimulate the countrynewspaper publishers throughfriendly rivalry.A committee hjts been appointedby W. L. Dawson, president- of theKentucky Press Association, to workout details of the contest and securecompetent judges.$45.00 Overcoats cut to... $27.00$42.50 Overcoats cut to... 25.50$40.00 Overcoats cut to... 24.00$37.50 Overcoats cut to... 22.51$35.00 Overcoats cut to... 21.01$35.50 Overcoats cut to... 1.5$30.00 Overcoats cut to... 18.11$27.50 Overcoats cut to... .16.51$25.00 Overcoats cut to... 15.JH13.S0 IW&.-'Zj4t3iv.A1sitJr54?-1 (0?2-tf VlI or state, call CumberlandSPhone-s-4Hp4Sr;.i,.l. j$ . - ' 'it-.4 ,--"VL " .fyS', .AZJfi; ,-- V, ,. j4..'ftf .Tuw.iijimmiiivrgOTMMMMBHM.TO JtOURDPfr .JBBB.-JewoJera :-: Paris, KyMover Too Busy to Pie seIT YOU WANT SOME SEAL GOODCHEESEPERSONALSCtttfngs and Goings of Some Tomnow and Others YonDon'tOld English Chcoee that we are sell-teg so much of.'(It) C. P. COOK & CO.UBS BEOKEK IN FALL.Tf Vmi W comb At. 1 . " Mr. Jamea fiuV. n Pii.n1nr.o4-tSteSSe made, call for some of that Duffeon SaST' LUCymiss Margaret Letton has returned from visit to Miss EliseChanault, in Versailles.Miss Jessie Schenk, of Newport,J" at the home of Mr. andMrs. J. W. Bacon, on Cypress street.I MX. J. MOnson T.nrtr ex i.As a result of being thrown from xington Herald, spent Sunday inja horse he was riding at his country ftS5(d8" U68t f relatlves d Iiace near ran, o. ai woouiora, is Mrs. Buckner Woodford and Mrconfined to his home on Winchester N. Ford Brent have been confinedstreet, with two broken ribs. Mr. to their homes by illness, but are im-"Woodford was mounted on one of his provlJPJj" L. .. ,tkoroushbreds. drivinB a bunch ot "JSjgfr "JpSj U&hogs, when the animal shied, throw- week-end in Paris, as guest of Mrimg him to the ground. In the fall and Mrs. Wm. E. Hacker.he sustained two broken ribs, and . "7v, Hnry Letton, of Tampa, Fla.,nthpr iniuries - , ? at ?edside f his mother, Mrs.other injuries. , Lucy p Helton, who conthme's ;m ' ' 1 t her home in this cityTn ftTTR. MAUY FRIENDS AND Mrs. Narmio n i)rni:.i. t.-DATPfiTCrs TTROT VF.ATl i returned from fhTHrmH wtmv. -i.was called, by the serious illness ofher aunt, Miss Nannie Collier.. i i MTV tinyaman 'I'hnr. tj ttt jWe desire to express to you our tr. c z V lur Jr oas, r.to f nJoi r y) confined to his bedside atsincere thanks for the liberal pat- the home of hig sister Mrsronage you have extendd to us in Jacobs, on High street, with illness,the year 19.21. Wishing you a hap- - Miss Rosella Santen, of Scottpy and prosperous year for 1922. ' Avenue, is visiting friends and rela-i" m uuca, iiew xorK ,ana mxvuaaose, v a.PATEONS, NEW YEAEGREETINGS--..ijw(it)Respectfully,DAVID FELD.-o-DELINQUENTS, NOTICELandon Tpm-nlin Vine Tofiiirn1his business duties in Philadelphiaafter spending the holidays in thiscny witn nis parents, Mr. and Mrs.All Hnnl 4-rcvrno Attn CmlKVinn T. T. 76111111111.rniintv will be advertised at 7LMi?3 Catherm Conway and MissCOUIlty Will oe .jOTertroa ai Catherine Redmon, of Mt. Sterling,public sale in the BOURBON spent part of their holiday vacationin i-ans as guests or Miss Conway'saunt, Mrs. R. P. Walsh, and Mr.Walsh.W. Renick Smith. TXihn "hoe Tin ana guest for .several days of his grandmother; Mrs. William Renick, and hisNEWS on January 10th.W. G. McCLINTOCK, S. B. C. C.JANUARY COURT DAYviv v,o w imTrs- wiiuam Kemck, anaZ T?a V. Vooo ;V raotner,-iVirs. uurtis P. Smith, onHi &J2?JZ, S.22"! 'lF Saturday lo hisiTi i " T. nome in iew xorK.possible presence of a large number Misses Edna and ElizabethJ S11 S01106 httle fd5m SnaPP left Monay to resume theirof tte stock market had a great deal studies at the uersity of Ken-to d?-5ltlL 8nurcrowf , Thef tucky after spending the holidayswas httie trading m live stock, only with their mother A1 ce Sna few horses being on the market. on Lilleston Avenue.The prospects for the tobacco crop ! Mr and Mrs Chas G Hollimanfurnished the mam line of talk for . and little daughter, Alyce Frances,the few farmers whose business had . left Sunday for their home in .DeIbeen settled and a little leisure time Mfeh after spending the holi.on hand. Merchants reported bun- dayB Mrs Holliman's mother,bfss light and collections coming in Mr- Alvce Snann. on Lilleston Ave!owly. nue.Mr.- and Mrs. Catesby Woodfordentertained at their country home,T 1 1 ft it. rt x. l.1 xvaueiauu, tjn me vjreorgetownuurgiars visitea xne pooi ruum v iCoad,-near Paris,-Saturday, with anHarry O.. James ,at the corner, pj elaborate dining. Invitations wereMain and Fourth streets, gaming :en-,.sen:t0' forty guests,all nieces andtrance by breaking a pane of glass nephews of the hosts nearly all ofout in the rear window of the Fourth them responding,street side, and removing the glass Misses Louise Parrish and LouIrom the sash. The burglars passed se Berger have returned to theirthrough the small room in the rear of homes in. Lexington after a visit tothe pool room, and removed a wire Ms Anna Ware Myers, of Mt. Airyaetting from a screen door which, Avenue. During their stay theyleads into the pool room. The cash,were guests 0f honor at-several de-orawer was micvcu w iw ""-i ngntiui social iunctions.BURGLARIOUS VISITa small sum of money, and a largequantity of cigars, cigarettes andtobacco was also taken. The policewere notified of the occurence.GET YOUR LICENSESAccording to a statement givenTHE NEWS yesterday by County to 11.Clerk Pearce Paton, only 775 automobile licenses for 1922, not quiteDennis V. Snapp. Field Secretary of the Kentucky ConferenceSunday School Board, will leaveWednesday to attend the annualmeeting of the General SundaySchool Council of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, which convenesin Nashville, Tennessee, January 5Mr. Sherman R. SnanD left Monday to open up his otrice in Cincin-ne-half of the total, have been issu- Gq after spending tne Christmas4 to date from his office to Bourbon holidays with his mother, Mrs. Alycebunty people. Bourbon county is Snapp, on Lilleston Avenue. Mr.falling behind in the matter of se- Snapo was recently transferred by. rtl.ir to riprk. his company from San Franciscocuring licenses, according to Cleric tprritorv with head-v" "w " . : t: "quarters at Cincinnati.laton. The tags were first placedon sale early in December, but untilthe past week very few automobileowners had come forward and takenout their licenses. The State statutesThe January meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., will beheld in their rooms Saturday, January 7, at two o'clock p. m. The protrram "anil "hp s -follows: "Indianprovide for the arrest and fining of Mounds of Bourbon -County " Mrs.all motorists driving machines notbearing 1922 license tags after January 1.Get your license tag, is the adviceof Clerk Paton, and thereby saveyourself trouble. Procrastinationwill throw you in the way oftrouble, so bewarde, and come totaw.KG BUSINESS AT THE LOCALPOSTOFHCEWilliam B. Arderv: "Indian Sonfirs."Mrs. Edward F. Prichard; Hostesses,Misses Lilleston.Dr. and Mrs. Wm. Kenney werehosts Saturday evening at a dininggiven at their home on South Mainstreet, to the membex-s of the ParisCity Council, Mayor E. B. Januaryand a few intimate friends. A delicious course dinner was served, themenu presented for the delectationof the guests being a most temptingone in every respect. At tlje connlniinn of th dinner, the guestssnent an enjoyable time in variousTht Aericn,'Ml.TJw;"YouWJr. - - - - ' vJr;m Miss Clara Partridge, of Maineli A guest tf Misses Isabella andAnn Caywood Talbott, at their home Ion. Houston Avenue. !Mr .and Mrs. Harry B. Clay en-:tertained At fVlPlI tinma nn'U . --,-. Iin honor of their niece and nephewMiss Nell Clay and. Harry B'. Clay,Jr.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Worthing-!ton have returned to their home in 'Covington, after a visit with Mr .andMrs. William Remington ,on Eighthstreet.Mrs.-Douglas Wood, of Dayton,Ohio, and Mrs. Gay Ramsey and Mrs.Coleman Jones, of Winchester, wereguests of Mr .and Mrs. John Doty,from Saturday to Monday.Mrs. Carl Borm, Miss SarahWalsh and Mrs. Elsie Burns, all ofCincinnati spent the week-end inParis as guests of Mr .and Mrs. Charles Throckmorton, on Main street.Miss Catherine Burns entertained at the Sweet Shop with a dinnerparty in compliment to Miss AgnesSullivan, of Trinity College, Wash:ington, D. C, who is visiting in Paris.Rene Clark entertained duringthe holidays at the home of hisgrandmother .Mrs. Walter Clark, onFifteenth .street. Mr. Clark was assisted in receiving and entertaininghis guests by Mrs. Wm. W. Hinton.Mp-mb pts of the Presbvterianchurch entertained in the church parlors in honor of the members of theSunday school. Miss Irene Bramblettgave a reading. Miss Nancy BarbeeWilson rendered a solo and a splendid musical program was carried out.A delightful lunch was served, MrvEmmett M. Dickson presiding astoastmaster. Addresses were madeby Rev. T. S.'Smylie, Robert Meteer and Owen L. Davis.(Other Personals on Page 3)FOR RENTThe R. J. Neely coal yard, stableand warehouse combined, located onFourth street. Apply toW. W. MTCHELL, Agent.LOSTBetween Cypress street and theAlamo Theatre, Saturday afternoon,a string of pealrs, with silver claspand small diamond. Finder will berewarded by leaving at THE NEWSoffice. " (It)AGENTS WANTEDLive agents -wanted to handlecity trade for the gnuine WatkinsjProducts. A real opportunity.WritA to-dav for free .sample and!particulars to J. Rr-Watwins Company, Dept. 72, Memphis, Tenn.(3-4t-pd)Public Sale of FurnitureOn January 7, at 2 p. m., we willsell for Mr. F. E. Jones at the building formerly occupied by the People's Pharmacy, between 6th and 7thSt.. on Main St., a lot of householdand kitchen effects consisting, of thefollowing:Fumed oak Mission Sitting room,suite consisting of a book case, settee, 2 leather chairs, 1 library table,and one rug.Bed room suite consisting of 1bed and springs, dresser, chiffonier,table, sewing rocker, rug, all goldenoak. .Dining Room suite, consisting ofFumed oak table, 6 chairs, 1 openfront gas stove.Kitchen suite consisting of gascooking stove, kitchen chairs 1Hoosier cabinet, 1 refrigerator.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(Jan. 3-6)The past .two weeks were Unusu- amusements, time 1ally busy .ones at the local postoffice, JLlbefore they realized it.due to the Christmas holiday pack- Wm. R .Taylor ,of the Fordhamarea, and the large amount of Christ- Hotel, received' a letter from his,-.j j.t a- i ii.' pn Tfi-wlor. formerlymas mail, WUlCn mciuaea tuuuaauuo Druiuei, uyt '' r , nii.of sreetiig ; cards. Postmaster ,j. messenger tetofogaiagffi:Walter Payne stated that while th.,g & & &?'xact total could not be given at this staoned at Arcadia, California, withtime, he was confident the Paris i tf,e Charles Ray Motion Picture corporation. After receiving ms aischarge' from "the naval service Mr.Taylor, located in California. He.states -that the climate is simply delightful ,warm and sunshiny, almostas ideal as one could wish '. ,! ' ' -fPUn tnninini mmarfK ClUDS OXana registry wmuuwo, " - " .------ -.v ;& .... . . . o nmiTitir -arill resume work tinsdesks in the lobby were "--t.v- --- veces3 teWfen du?iuse by persons addressing their pacic- te holidays. The Department ofages. Every effort was madeby-the- 0f t,e Bourbon County Woman'sclerks to expedite the work. of for-' club will meet tomorrow (Wedneswarding packages and other Christ-' day) The foil o-ngrogram willxnas mall, and the extra clerks were j J J ?,nt Catesby Woodford,kept busy into the night hours. With Jr . iWh&t and Why Is Colonial Arall the hurry and rush the business cnitecture?" Mrs. Fanniebelle Suth,roeeedd smoothly and there wa. desponse, Amenean ffitt llttl. complaint heard. 1.?,??;,,,. t" 6 Depart-i yv uiua,ii v -w t1 T-office did & larger volume of businesstha, for the" same period during thepast two years. t tLong lines of waiting 'patronsstood patiently at the parcels posttiiI yattiat-rv -windows, --wane raeWith theNew Yearcomes thepromise ofbettertimes.May1922bring thefulfillmentof yourfondesthopes andaspirationsFire, Wmi tadment of Literature The Newa,io. Ti.--T;ini0i Policies. Intentcjtual'Life pjl IdeaU, Mrj-ffemrT S.::-r C tl f 1If.it comesfiom Dacvisft is ridht;J&mssssaftttH.KENTUCKYag'. . nx.R& .You'll Remember the Beginning of the Year 1922By the Greatest Sale Ever Held in Bourbon County(And. We are Tempted to Take In a Greater Territory)A CLEAN SWEEPOf Every Article in Our StoreGREATEST BARGAINS IN MEN'SAND BOYS' SUITS, OVERCOATSSHOES, HATS, CAPS AND FURNISHINGS YOU'VE EVER SEENTo give comparative prices might be misleading, the reductions are so drastic. Come tomorrow and every' day of the sale,expecting greater values than you have ever had. These prices forCASH ONLY we need it.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBetter Values in Men's and Boys' WearA Large Saving!7aWe Are Offering' ManyjNPivz -Hi. JZ, -Odd Pieces of FurnitureAt Greatly ReducedPrices For CashCome in during the next fewand we will save you muchmoney.a-v. , r-r ?-V- ' Z. fc U-? v -THE J. T. HINTON CO.ciTHnraoiic KPARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH Afd MAINMotor Hoarse Motor Invalid Coach UndertakingiZ,Z " ' " ".-..t- ,rr. 4: "jrljK- ifP$ y-4 JSiBuWASi- -4 xr..- i .-? -.'THE BOURBON -NEWS, PARIS, ONTUnnTFAStXTUMIUT, JANUARY I, lf-flf ti. ,.yf ,, yn., . "Jr i.MESS SLOWDURING THE YEAR.f .,Hyy Txs, Chaotip Financial'Conditions and Minor Wars4 Hanptr Recovery jn 1 921 .siui-COKES NEAR ITS END, WaeWeston Conference on Armament- Lknftatien the Moet importantEvent What President HardInfl'e Administration andthe Congress HaveAccempiished. 7V- ly COWARD W. PJCKARDBack t Normalcy was the sloganj t 1921, not only In America but inN the civilized nations of the world.''ot nlnor wars, internal economic dis-.tsrhancee, chaotic financial conditionsill Europe, widespread unemployment,Amine in Russia and other hindrancessude progress in the right directionslew, excepting, perhaps, in the UnitedifttatM.When the year opened the peopleslirere groaning under the burden oftaxation and depression resulting from, Jfce World war. As it drew to a close' tkey were still groaning but had hope-telly turned their eyes toward Washington, where the representatives of'great powers were negotiating inter'Batlonai agreements that would eliminate some of the causes of war, esiftcially in the Far East, and limittke means of making war. In theaccess of this conference and of others that might grow out of it lay forthe time being the hope of humanity.Efforts to enforce the terms of thetreaty of -Versailles resulted- In con! Jtcts among some of the new nationsereated by that pact, and several ofhe older nations were involved inwarfare. Germany, working fast tocover her old position in the world;tC commerce, was hampered by the1 disastrous decline in the value of thej,ark, and her leaders protested con'ttnually that she could not possiblyfay the war indemnity. Peace negotl( aflons between the British government. Mid Sinn Fein were brought to a suc-1 conclusion by which' the IrishState was constitute.INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS.The League of Nations, thoagnJesnctloolag without the co-operationef the United States, accomplishedvch during the year, chiefly throughiHB council, which met in Paris onFebruary 21 and immediately referred;jsroposed amendments to the covenantfie a committee. President Wilson,ve during January had withdrawntfe American representatives from theesemdl of ambassadors and the repa-jfttions commission, on February 23teat te the league council a strongfvetest against the inclusion of theWand of Yap In territories subjectedH the mandate of Japan, and alsoJamaHy demanded for America avoice in the disposal of the formerGerman colonies. The council in re-'Hy "ld it was not concerned withthe allocation of Tap to Japan and.Jfcvlled the United States to take part-M. dUctlStlpng concerning the Turkish"JW African mandates. A njonth aftertjtt Republlc&n administration tootlice Secretary of State Hughe Mt jjttcd Mr. Wilson's stand concerningifxapnd mandates In general, andfitter France and Italy indorsed Anierflea's position in the controversy overshe island, though Japan formally re(ftosed to give up her mandate. ThereI after that dispute was the subject ofjleng drawn-out negotiations betweenshe United States and Japan whichled to a treaty by which the UnitedHates was assured equal rights inTap and other Islands mandated to1 Japan.The council of ambassadors in January gave Germany more time to dis--am;appointed a commission to passen Austria's economic status, decidedtfcat "Latvia and Esthonia should beiltcognlzed as sovereign states, andthe fixed the German reparations atJM,fOO,000,000 gold marks, payable inaanaal Installments, and 12 per centtax -en exports during the period of9ayssefit..This reparations decisioncreeled1 consternation in Germany andBerlin at once began efforts to perjtvade the UnitedStates to intervene'a her behalf. The Wilson admlnistrajtloBtnede bo response, but on April2 Secretary Hughes informed Gersuajr the United States would noteewMtnance her escaping full responsibility for the war or getting out ofyaying to the limit of her ability. A; few days earlier Berlin having failedile ssake the first payments, Frenchi troops occupied Duesseldorf, Dulses srt and Ruhrort. The British ob--Jectedstrongly to this Independent-actios and France withdrew. It wouldhe tedious to detail the negotiationsersr the reparations MIL Suffice it tosay that Germany, with Doctor-Wlrthe chancellor, was compelled to aceept the figures of 185,000,000,000 goldfinally decided on by the sucouncil, made the payments duethe year but, on December 14,amnanced thatthe in major part ofthesvms due in the early part ofcould not be raised. And sinceeconomists, agreed that to driveher InUf ' absolute bankruptcy "wouldilsastrous to the rest of the world,the close ef the year, therel-acreaslng 'talk of u arranging vaiterium ef two to three years forherj .France was the chief objectorte net eley, m she relied on thedue her trim Genaaay, setshe siiowed signs of yielding tthgeneral view. Division of UpperSilesia between Germany and Polandcaused a lot of trouble. A plebiscitewas held there In March, but bothIdes asserted it was unfair and earlyin May the region os invaded byPolish Irregulars, Thinly veljed supportwas given them by' the Warsaw governnjent and also by the French andthere succeeded long eries of fightsbettteeff them and German volunteerforces. The entente 'cordlale of theallies was near to rupture, but in JuneBritish troops entered the territoryand began clearing out the Poles. Thedispute was referred to the leaguecouncil which in October announcedthe boundary lines. Neither Germanynor Poland was satisfied but both accepted the decision.All through the year the Greeksfought the Turkish nationalists InAnatolia, with varying fortune, whilethe allied powers held aloof, thoughoffering mediation which Greece refused. In November France made atreaty with the Kemallst governmentwhich aroused protests from GreatBritain and led to diplomatic negotiations. The United States formally madepeace with the central powers, thetreaty with Austria being signed August 24, that with Germany August 25,and the pact with Hungary August 29.In these treaties America reserved allthat was given her by the treaty ofVersailles which the senate had refused to ratify.President Harding on July 10 issued informal invitations to GreatBritain, France, Italy and Japan to'send representatives to Washingtonfor a conference on limitation ofarmament and Far East questions.Acceptance from all was already assured by a process of "feeling out,"and on August 11 the formal Invitations went out, China, Belgium, Hoiland and Portugal being asked to partlclpate In discussions involving theFar East. The foremost statesmen ofthese nine powers were named asdelegates and on November 12 the momentous conference opened with Imposing ceremony. Almost Immediately Secretary Hughes put forwardAmerica's plan for reduction andlimitation of naval armament, Including a naval holiday for ten years, thescrapping of all shipbuilding programs, destruction of vessels to a certain point and the maintenance ofthe navies of America, Great Britainand Japan on a 5--8 basis. The planwas formally accepted by the delegatesof those nations Oj December 15, andto die agreement ere added clausesfor the preservation of the status quoof naval bases and fortification in thewestern Pacific.Of almost equal importance was thefour-power pact accepted by the conference on December 18. This wascast in the form of a treaty by whichthe United States, Great Britain,France and Japan agreed to maintainpeace In the Pacific, the Anglo-Japanesetreaty being abrogatedChina offered some very difficultproblems to the conference and all thedemands of her delegates were notsatisfied. The conferees, however, didenter Into an agreement to removemany of the foreign restrictions onChina and to respect the territorialand administrative integrity of theoriental republic and preserve the opendoor for trade and Industry of all nations. Direct negotiations between theChinese and Japanese delegates resulted in Japan's agreeing to restoreShantung province to China upon receiving payment for the railway.It was evident from the first thatthe confprencg cmiffl.&t ao muchinhe matter of llmltaTJnTof land armaments so long as the situation in central Europe remained so unsettled.Premier Brland was present to givevoice to France's needs of protectionand fears 'of aggression by Germanyand possibly by Russia. His eloquentspeech so far convinced the conference that the other powers gave assurance that France would never beleft in the "moral isolation" which shefeared.President Harding has clung to hisIdea that an association of nations canbe formed which would do what theLeague of Nations cannot do, and onNovember 25 he put forward the suggestion of a continuing series of conferences like that in Washington,which presumably might result In theformation of the association. TheIdea was received with favor everywhere, except that the French demurred at the proposed Inclusion ofGermany.FOREIGN AFFAIRSDuring the first six months of theyear the guerrilla warfare between theBritish forces in Ireland and the Irish"republicans" continued unabated.Murders by the Sinn Felners and reprisals by the British were of almostdaily occurrence. The Irish were especially exasperated by the execution ofa number of prisoners convicted ofcomplicity In the killing of soldiers.The appointment of Lord Talbot, leading British Roman Catholic, as lordlieutenant of Ireland, failed of Its effect: ..On Hay. 25 the Sinn Felnersburned the Dublin custom house, andon June 30 they re-elected Eamonn deVal era" president of the "Irish republic." Meanwhile thenew government ofnorthern Ireland was organized, withSir James Craig -as premier, and onJune 22 King George went across toopen the Ulster parliament. De Valeraon July 9 accepted thjnvitation oiPremier Lloyd GeoreejtoTNconferenceIn London, and trjwas announcedThen began the se-les of negotiationsYtiat lasted through the" remainder ofthe year. OJfcers and counter-offerswere made, and finally Britain proffered Ireland full status as a dominionwithin the empire, to be knows as theIrish Free Srate. A treaty to thiseffect was ratified by the British parliament and submitted to dail elreann.Ulster was not consulted, but wasgiven the option of becoming a partof the Irish Free state or retainingher status. Angrily she chose thelatter. -,Charles, ex-emperor of Austria-Hungary,made two futile efforts to rejrajnthe Hungarian throne. On,Harch 27 heappeared in Hungary without forcesand claimed the crown, but RegentHorthy refused to step aside. Czechoslovakia, Jugo-Slaita and Rumaniamobilized to frustrate the coup and theallied council. of ambassadors warnedHungary that the restoration of theHapsburg regime would, not be tolerated. So Charles returned to his placeof refuge In Switzerland. But he' wasnot through, for on October 21 he andhis wife, Zita, went "by airplane toHungary and rallied a considerablenumber of supporters who proclaimedCharles king. Again the "little entente" prepared for action, but RegentHorthy led his army out of Budapestand defeated the Carlists in a real battle. The former emperor and empresswere taken prisoner, as were a numberof prominent Hungarian nobles.. Theallies decreed that Charles must beexiled, and in November he and Zitawere taken toFunchal, Madeira.Russia's year was one of fighting,famine and efforts to resume relationswith other nations. The soviet government held Its own against repeatedrevolts, which Included risings of theworklngmen of Moscow, of peasants under Antonov, and an Invasionof the Ukraine by Petlura, which fora time threatened to be successful.Failure of the crops brought a terriblefamine in the Volga region. Manythousands starved to death- and eventhe American relief administration,which took charge of the situation,could only partially check the disaster.In seeking to break through the ringof Isolation surrounding it, the Moscowgovernment gradually receded from itscommunistic principles. It sought theaid-of foreign capital, and on August9 It abandoned state ownership of allbut a few of the largest Industries.Treaties were made with the Balticstates and with Turkey, and tempting offers of concessions were heldi out to other nations. In a notablepronouncement on October 21 PremierLenin admitted the economic defeatof communism.Old King Peter of Serbia died InBelgrade on August 17, and four dayslater his son Alexander was proclaimed king of Jugo-Slavla. He wasreluctant to leave Paris, however, andit was not until November 6 that hewent to Belgrade and assumed hiscrown. Portugal was upset by several revolutionary movements towardthe close of the year. On August 19the ministry was overthrown by a military coup and several cabinet members, including Premier Granjo, wereassassinated. A few days later a plotof the royalists was uncovered, and inNovember Carvalho Mesqulta led a revolt. Because of these disorders andof the spread of bolshevlsm the powers began consideration of a plan forIntervention. Spain had rebels, alsothe tribesmen of Morocco. Againstthem she maintained a wearying 'andexpensive warfare for months. Andwhile on the subject of rebellion, mention must be made of the revolt ofthe Moplahs on the Malabar coast ofIndia, which caused the British government much annoyance and nht afew lives, " 'There were communist outbreaks InGermany In March, and on August 26Mathlas Erzberger, the German statesman who signed the treaty of Versailles, was assassinated. Doctor Wlrth,who became chancellor on May 10, resigned with his cabinet on October 22,but was persuaded to remain In officeand form a new ministry. In November there" were riots In many Germancities due to the high prices of food.The chauvinistic element in Japanwas active, especially after the Washington conference opened, and on November 3 Premier Hara was assassinated. Viscount Takahashl succeededhim. The emperor of Japan suffereda complete mental and physical break-f down some time last year, and CrownPrince Hirohito was made regent onNovember 25. He had lately returnedfrom a tour of Europe.DOMESTIC AFFAIRSDuring the early part of the yearthe country was preparing for thechange of administration on March 4.President-elect Harding resigned assenator from Ohio on January 9, andthe next day he asked that preparations for an elaborate Inauguration becanceled, feeling that it would be inconsistent with the urgent need foreconomy. On February 19 Mr. Harding announced the appointment ofCharles B. Hughes as his secretary ofstate a choice that met with generalapproval and on succeeding days hecompleted his cabinet with thesenames: Secretary of the treasury, Andrew W. Mellon; secretary of war,John Wv Weeks; attorney general,Harry M. Daugherty ; postmaster general, Will H. Hays; secretary of thenavy, Edwin Denby; secretary of theinterior, Albert B. Fall; secretary ofagriculture, Henry C. Wallace; secretary of commerce, Herbert C. Hoover;secretary of labor, James J. Davis. Mr.Harding was Inaugurated on March 4with simple, dignified ceremony, aftdPresident Wilson, despite his continued Illness, was able to be present.The senate, in '-extra session, 'confirmedthe cabinet and a number of other appointments, and adjourned on March15. "' J 5 l t'i-tfiOn the first day of the year GeneralCrowder was sent by President Wil-' son to Cuba to see.what.could be doneto restore financial and economic cosiij To Prevent Writer's Cramer"! To prevent writer's era nan and toable a writer to hold his pen in thepropei manner is the object of a device recently patented. It consists ofa wristband and long brace; at one endof the brace are two clips for the third,and fourth fingers, to hold tbem in theproper position. The thumb, indexand secQndJi3rs are left free to holdthe pen. -or you mans? beckPositively Centatms to AspiriFetSefc st eMDwg fittest30 Tablet 23(till-25mar)dr. w. j. KirrVETERINARIANOffice InB0UBB0N GARAGE. PARIS. KT.(nov-19-tf) Both Phone 347.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BARBERS 4Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHS!S. P. M0HNEY IChiropractortFIFTH YEAR IN PARIS.!MISSHOLLADAYIs showinga beautifulline ofImported Pottery, Glass,Borghese. Brass andAttractiveBasketsandBoxesFor Miss Holladay'sHome-made Candies.btkmtfSatufxttWhat Better Gift Than aWhat else will bring to much health and pleasure, the whole yearfamily? What other gift will do so much to bring the family togetherWhat else brings distant friends within'' a pleasant hour's ride?ASK. THE FAMILY WHAT THEY THINKConTenient Terms&Bourbon Egg MashThe Cheapest and Best Egg Producer You Can BySOLD BYR. F. COLLIERTRADE AT HOMEWe Handlef ElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETMiniiMMiMMiiiHMiiMmmiiiiiiimmiMHGrXeetiziss!To our friends and patrons, we most heartily extendthanks and appreciation forjust closing, and we trust your prosperity and happiness tsrthe NEW YEAR will eyen surpass that of 1921.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph CoIMmMMMMMmillHIMWWWIHIIMIMIHIIMIGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive Service-BOTH TELEPHONESDay Night137 299LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGrBUICKCan Be ArrangedC. S. Ball Garagefourth and PIMnt StreetAll Kinds ofNovelties iOPP. COURT HOUSE jyour patronage during the yirncerperated i3BbnfSfiamBnick Car?thromgh, to exery member of yoarin joyoia recreation?.' , :F-r-I'iitM2(Continued on Page 7).Wr.-veii. j. x. 'r.iTUBSDAY, JANUARY S, lilt-13-T)1TILLEBY AT EMINENCE SOBBED OF WHISKYMasked and armed, more -thamtjfenty-fiye bandits overpowered,Jfimnd, gagged and blindfolded firepiards at the Eminence, Ky., DisIflUers, owned by La MontagueBrothers, New York, early Wednesfcy and then broke into the freeWarehouse, removing and takingxway in two or three large trucks412 cases of whisky valued at about0,000.This is the second time that thedistillery has been robbed this year.Last May a band of whisky runners,presenting counterfeit permits, drove4K with 1,4 Ot) cases. Less, than 2004fcses now are left in the warehouse.Half an hour after the bandits left,,fee of the guards managed to workAtee from his bonds and the policeat Louisville, Shelbyville and Frankjgprt were notified. The trucks drove1QK south from Eminence in the direction of Shelbyville, which is onike road to Louisville.The fact that the Eminence HopOlub'a dance was breaking up abouttte time that the trucks droveiTOUgh town caused few to payfcy attention to them. They were five4T six ton vehicles Eminence being J1ft the Cincinnati-Louisville pike, itH common to see such trucks in ope- !ition early in the morning.jpiFT & CO.'S WEEKLY PRODUCEMARKET REVIEWContinued increase in the receiptsf cream throughout the producingqfKtions has resulted in a little untpciness and: a lower butter market,flth a corresponding decline injrjices being paid for butter-fat.The American Association ofCreamery Butter Manufacturers reports an increase of 45.7 per cent int&e make of butter for week endingBecember 17 over the correspondingweek in 1920.Poultry dealers have experienceda heavy run of poultry throughoutthe country. Selling prices in theconsuming centers have generallyfceen. depressed, on account of thelarge supplies arriving, but it hashad only a small effect on buyingbonditions in producing sections.The sale of turkeys for Christmastrade was not satisfactory andindicated that consumers would'ntpay the high prices for dressed stockwhich were necessary by reason ofthe values given to live shippers inproducing sections.There is a much larger supply ofpoultry in storage. In view of thelarge holdings, receivers are showing some hesitancy toward increasing their storage holdings at pricelevels which have prevailed duringthe past few weeks. The fresh eggsupply continues to increase, due totha fino nnn ttmntVmr TTtiIphr MierA- v -jis an immediate increase in tne rateconsumption, or continued severewinter weather, only moderateprices way be expected on new. laideggs.oThe war is over, maybe, but nowwe have an era of strikes and rumorsof ' strikes.fBRIGHTER-EVENINGSJust HistoryIn '78 .The Colonial DameSpun her clothBj Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her eniestaBy Coal Oil light.And later on, KHow time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.Itot the eirl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a bittonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(iBooryormtet)gfgLr"(Continued irom Page 6)tttlons there, upset oy the collapie ofthe ugar boom. He remained on theIsland for a long time and succeededto his mission to a considerable extent. On April 11 telephone communication between the United Statea andCuba was opened by an exchange ofgreeting! between Pretldente Hardingand Meoocal.the United States Supreme cewtrendered several notable decision. OnJanuary 31 it held that Judge LandlsMad no lawful right or power to preside over the trial of Victor Berger andother Socialist. Oa March 28 It ruledthat profits from sale of corporatestocks and bonds and capital assetsare taxable as Income. On April 11 Itrefused to review the convictions ofHaywood and 79 other I. W. W. members. The conviction of Senator Newberry of Michigan an others for alleged violation of the corrupt practices act was set aside on May 2, theact being held void. On June 30 Wil-'Ham Howard Taft was appointed chiefjustice and was sworn in on October 3.The unemployment situation became so bad during the summer thatPresident Harding called a conferenceof experts on the subject. It began Itssessions on September 26 and, after along study, established a central bureau and started local employmentmovements throughout the country.The resulting relief was but partial,for business itself was suffering a general depression.One of the worst race riots In thehistory of the country broke out InTulsa. Okla., on May 31. Before Itwas quelled the negro quarter of thecity had been burned and 35 personshad been killed and many wounded.Labor troubles of long standing inWest Virginia culminated in an insurrectionary movement by miners whichcalled forth a proclamation by thePresident ordering them to disperse.Federal troops were sent into the region and the miners soon surrendered.A commission, headed by Gen. Leonard Wood, was sent to the Philippines.It reported in November, recommending against Immediate withdrawal ofthe United States from the islands.Meantime General Wood was offeredand accepted the post of governor general. The American Legion, in session atKansas Oily, elected Lieut. Col. Hanford MacNider of Iowa Its nationalcommander on November 1. The Legion had as guests Marshal Foch ofFrance, General Diaz of Italy, Admiral Beatty of England and otherdistinguished warriors. These samevisitors and many other eminent persons participated, on Armistice Day,Nov. 11, In the ceremony of the burialof America's unknown soldier in theNational cemetery at Arlington.Under the budget law which waspassed In May Gen. Charles G.Dawes was appointed director generalof the federal budget and he and hisaids made notable progress In the wayof cutting down the expenses of thegovernment.NATIONAL LEGISLATIONNot a great deal of legislation waspassed by the Republican congressduring the last two months of President Wilson's administration. ThePresident vetoed the bill to revive theWar B'lnance corporation on January2, and congress promptly repassed It.On January 12, $7,100,000 was appropriated for enforcement of prohibition.The house decided, on January 19, thatIts membership should not be increased. After much debate congressset the limit of the regular army at175,000 men. Mr. Wilson ""vetoed themeasure, but It was passed over hisveto. On February 26 the Presidentsigned the Winslow bill, making available to the railroads $370,000,000 fromthe government guarantee fund.President Harding called congressin extra session on April 11 and nearlyall the rest of the year It was busywith the task of redeeming the pledgesof the Republican party, with whatsuccess must be left to individualjudgment. Among the first bills passedwere emergency tariff and immigration acts ; a new army bill cutting thearmy down to 150,000; and the budgetbill. On April 30 the senate adopteda resolution declaring the war withGermany and Austria at an end; onJune 13 the house adopted a resolution of similar purport, and the measure was finally passed on July 1 andsigned the next day by PresidentHarding. Repeated efforts to pass asoldiers' bonus bill came to naught,but a soldiers' relief bureau was created on August 2 and Col. C. R. Forbeswas made Its director. The housepassed both a tax revision bill and atariff bill, but the senate did not getaround to the latter. The tax measure was enacted Into law on November 21.Among other Important measurespassed were a bill to exempt Americancoastwise shipping from payment ofPanama canal tolls; a bill for government regulation of the packing industry; the $48,500,000 shipping boarddeficiency bill; the billion-dollar farmexports credit bill; and various measures relating to enfoifcement of theprohibition 'amendment, including oneforbidding the manufacture and saleof beer as medicine.The extra 'session came to an endon November 23, and on December 5congress met for the regular session.LABOR AND INDUSTRIALTwo strong tendencies in the worldof labor marked the year In the UnitedStates. One was toward a reductionof wages, as a part of the "return tonormalcy," and -the other was towardthe establishment of the open shop.Naturally both were contested by organized labor, not wholly successfully.The railway executives took the leadis both moYemtaUt, toit hdm7 folTHE BOURBON NEWS,lowers. In Jamui-.v the national eonference f state "manufacturers' assqciatlons' pledged support for the 'openshop movement. On the last day ofthat month the railway executivesasked that the national working agree-"ments be abrogated; the railroadbrotherhoods appealed to PresidentWilson to prevent wage reductions buthe refused to interfere. By order ofthe railway labor board eome of theworking agreements were terminatedon July 1 and a wage cut averaging 12per cent was put Into effect. The railway! later announced they would askfurther wage cuts. The membershipof thV Brotherhoods decided by votethat a strike should be called on October 30, but nine allied unions refusedto support such a strike, and on announcement by the board that it wouldnot consider wage cut requests untilall working rule questions had beendecided the strike order was canceled.On December 1 the board reconstitutedthe working rules so that the openshop principle was recognized.In the packing Industry there was awage reduction Jn March and a strikewas narrowly averted. In Septemberthe large packing plants Installed theshop representation system and in November, under this-plan, the employeesconsented to a further reduction of 10per cent. The meat cutters repudiatedthis and -called a strike on Dec. 5.There were many minor strikes,most of them short' lived. SamuelGompers was re-elected president ofthe American Federation of Laborwhich held Its convention In DenverIn June.Great Britain's coal miners went onstrike on March 1 and for nearly fourmonths the nation's industries werenear collapse. The rail and transportworkers refused to go out and thegovernment would not yield to thedemands that the mines be nationalized, so the miners returned to workon June 28 without having gainedmuch.SPORTSIt was a great year for sports. Inall lines there was activity and prosperity, and International contestswere numerous.Organized baseball, which had suffered from the White Sox scandal,rehabilitated itself by the appointment of Judge Landis as supreme arbiter. The New Y(HGiants and theNew York Yankees won the Nationaland American league pennants, respectively, and in the series for the"world championship the Giants werevictorious. The former members ofthe Chicago White Sox who were accused of conspiracy to "throw the 1019world's series" were acquitted by aJury, though not by public opinion.Jock Hutchinson of America wonthe British open golf championship inJune. In this country the tltles"wentas follows : Western amateur, CharlesEvans, Jr.; national open, James M.Barnes ; western open, Walter Hagen ;national amateur, Jesse Guilford. "The feature in pugilism was thebattle for the world's heavyweighttitle between Jack Dempsey andGeorges Carpentier of France on July2. The Frenchman was knocked outin the fourth round. Benny Leonarddefended the lightweight title againstRichie Mitchell on January 14; JackBrltton, welterweight champion, defeated Ted Lewis of England on February 7, and Pete Herman won thebantamweight title from Joe Lynch onJuly 25.Davis ami Johnston, the Americantennis team, won the Davis cup inNew Zealand on January 1, and Tllden won the International championship in Paris on June 4, and theAmerican championship on September19. The Americans again won theDavis cup on September 3 by defeating the Japanese team.The University of Illinois won theWestern Conference track and fieldmeet and the National Collegiateathletic meet in June. Yale defeatedHarvard in their annual boat race onJune 24. The University of Iowa wonthe Western Conference footballchampionship, and Harvard beat Yaleon November 19. The East was giventwo jolts In football, for the University of Chicago defeated Princetonand Centre college of Kentucky beatHarvard.On November 23 young Jake Schaefer won the world's balkline championship long held by Willie Hoppe.NECROLOGYJust the names of the well-knownmen and women who passed away In1921 would fill mucn space. Among theshining marks found by Death werethese: Jan. 1, Dr. Theobald von Beth-mann-jHollwegg,former German imperial chancellor; Jan. 3, FerdinandSchlesinger, Wisconsin capitalist; Jan.7, James G. Scriprs, publisher of manynewspapers; Jan. 33, Henry Relnhardt,famous American art collector anddealer; Jan. 19, Daniel Barto, professor of agriculture In the University ofIllinois ; Jan. 21, Congressman CharlesBooher of Missouri, und Mary M. Whitney, famous astronomer at Vassar ; Jan.22, "Cap" Streeter, the noted Chicagolake front squatter; Jan. 30, JohnFrancis Murphy, American landscapepainter ; Jan. 31, Gov. F. H. Parkhurstof Maine.Feb. 2, Cardinal Ferrari, archbishopof Milan, and Luigi Manlcelll, notedcomposer; Feb. 8, Prince Kropotkiu.nihilist leader, and Prof. Barrett Wendell of Harvard ; Feb. 9, James GibbonsHuneker, music critic and author ; Feb.22, W. F. McCombs, former Democratic national chairman; Feb. 24, Dr.F. J. V. Skiff, director of the FieldMuseum of Chicago.March 1, Nicholas I, king of Monte,r. fnrh 1 r!nn?ressmnn Chamnucgl U , ... , ' o - -I Clark of Missouri; March 11, b. w.JEurnham, eminent astronomer ot Ohl-P&KIS, KENTUCKYcago; March 17, Dr. F. W.s Guneaulue,educator, lecturer and -preacher, ofChicago; March i9, Bert Leston Taylor of the Chicago Tribune, most famous "column conductor"; March 24,James Cardinal Gibbons, archbishop ofBaltimore; March 28, Mrs. George M.Pullman, widow of the car builder,and Charles Haddon Chambers, Australian playwright; March 29, JohnBurroughs, beloved -American naturalist April 3, Annie Louise Cary, oncefamous prima donna; April 8, JulieOpp, actress, and B. E. Wallace, pioneercircus man ; April 9, Archbishop Walshof Dublin, Sydney Fisher, Canadianstatesman, and Ernesto Nathan, formermayor of Rome; April 11, AugustaVictoria, former empress of Germany;April 30, John Robinson, noted circusowner. 'May 3, Dr. W. R. Brooks, astronomer; May 5, J. A. Slelcher, editor Leslie's Weekly ; May 14, Alf Hyman. theatrical manager; May 15, Former Senator T. B. Catron of New Mexico ; May18, Former Secretary of the InteriorFranklin B. Lane ; May 19, Edward D.White, chief justice of the UnitedStates Supreme court; May 29, Gen.Horace Porter, war veteran and diplomat. June 5, W. T. Crooks, noted Britishlabor leader; June 7, Alvln T. Hert,Republican leader of Kentucky ; Jurfe 8,Col. F. W. Galbraith, Jr., national commander of the American Legion; June13, Gen. Jose Gomez, former presidentof Cuba, and H. C. Ide, former governor general of the Philippines; June15, Judge W. A. Blount of Florida,president of the American Bar association; June 16, William E. Mason,congressman-at-large from Illinois;June 22, Dr. Morris Jastrow, authorityon Semitic literature, and GenC. H,Taylor, editor of the Boston Globe;June 28, Charles-. Bonaparte of Baltimore; June 29, Lady RandolphChurchill.July 3, John F. Wallace, eminent engineer; July .10, Douglas Story, authorand journalist ; July 12, Harry Hawker,famous British aviator; July 15, Dr.W. E. Stone, president of Purdue university; July 29, Robert E. Burke,prominent Democrat of Chicago, andCharles B. Cory, 'ornithologist ; July 31,Edgar Saltus, author.Aug. 2, Enrico Caruso, the famousoperatic tenor; Aug. 6, John G. Jenkins, Wisconsin jurist; Aug. 11, William C. Hook, jurist, of Kansas; Aug.32, Alexander Block, noted Russianpoet ; Aug. 13, Samuel P. Colt, leader inrubber Industry ; Aug. 17, King Peter ofSerbia; Aug. 19, Demetrios Rhallys,Greek statesman; Aug. 23, Sir SamHughes of Canada; Aug. 25, PeterCooper Hewitt, noted American Inventor; Aug. 31, Field Marshal Count vonBuelow, German war leader.Sept. 2, Austin Dobson, Englishpoet ; Sept 11, Former Senator GeorgeP. Wetmore of Rhode Island ; Sept 15,Peer Stromme, American author andjournalist; Sept. 21, Sir Ernest Cassel, British financier; Sept 28, Engelbert Humperdlnck, German composer."Oct 1, Former Federal Judge PeterGrosscup of Chicago; Oct. 2, DavidBIspham, American baritone, and William H, former king of Wurttemberg;Oct. 12, Philander Case Knox, senatorfrom Pennsylvania; Oct. 18, LudwlgIH, former king of Bavaria; Oct. 21,Maj. Gen. W. W. Wotherspopn, U. S.A.; Oct 25, "Bat" Masterson, writerand former noted westerner; Oct. 26,Henry Oyen, American novelistNov. 3, Dan Hanna, capitalist andpublisher, of Cleveland, O. ; Nov. 5,Rev. Antoinette Blackwell, first womanordained as a minister in the UnitedStates f Nov. 13, C. H. Prior of StPaul, railway builder, and Mrs. GeorgeJ. Gould; Nov. 20, Lawrence C. Earl,'American painter; Nov. 22, ChristineNilsson, Countess de Casa Miranda,once famous operatic soprano, andHenry M. Hyndman, British-socialistleader; Nov. 27, Lieut. Col. C. W.Whittlesey, hero of the '"lost battalion ;" Nov. 28, Abdul Baha Abbas, leader of the Bahaists; Nov. 29, IvanCaryll, composer, and Lord Mount Stephen, creator of the Canadian Pacificrailway system.Dec. 10, Sir Arthur Pearson, famousblind publisher of England; Dec. 11,the earl of Ilalsbury, former Britishlord high chancellor; Dec. 12, H. ClayEvans of Tennessee, former commissioner of pensions; Dec. 15, Congressman J. A. Elston of California, whocommitted suicide; Dec. 16, CamilleSaint-Saens, noted French composer.DISASTERSFloods, tornadoes and conflagrationscost many lives and vast propertylosses In 1921. A four-milllon-dollarfire destroyed the business section ofAthens, Ga., on January 24. The Armour grain elevator In Chicago, largest in the world, was wrecked by fireand explosion on March 19, the lossbeing $6,000,000. A thousand housesin Tokyo were destroyed by flames inMarch, and in April fire In Manilarendered 15,000 homeless and 4,000buildings were burned In Hakodate,Japan. The Southern states werestruck by a tornado on April 15, 100persons being killed. On June 3 camethe terrible floods in eastern ColoradoIn which hundreds lost their lives andimmense property damage was done.San Antonio, Tex., experienced a disastrous flood on September 10.The two most startling disastersoccurred abroad. On August 24 thegiant dirigible ZR-2, built by the British for the United States, broke intwo while pver Hull, England, on herlast trial trip. Forty-six men werekilled, including 15 members of 'theAmerican crew that was to bring thevessel across the ocean.On September 21 a great nitrateplant at Oppau, Germany, blew Tip.The town was wiped out, about 1,500persons were killed and thousandswere Injured.(Ot 1111. W'lttra Nwaf aptr Uatau)iFARMERS1PARIS, KY,u vBtgan Buslntss Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSPrank P. Klser, President3. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentvV. W. Mitchell, Cashierfno. W. Yerkes, Ass't Cashieran Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper. . .JUNE 30, 1921TRADERSANFOYS PAINTSAND VARNISHESPRICES AT OLD TIME LEVELSBeat Winter To ItPaint This FALLDon't wait till next Spring. Paint. is most valuable for the protection ityields. Fall is the time to paint forprotective purposes. Surfaces aredrier and bettjr prepared to takepaint They need protection mostJXSTbefore winter attacks, thtm.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letus figure on the job for you.. Wt Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesKANE BROS-CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth MainSt., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phont 393Which Daily; Paper?5? A Question That is Quickly and Readily AnsweredThe Courier-JournalLargest Morning Circulationof Any Kentucky NewspaperMaintains its own news bureaus at Washington andFrankfort. Member of thef Associated Press.With important legislation " fre Cndthe Kentucky General Assembly m 192A tne courierJournal is the daily, newspaper you will need.Rir'xneeial arrangementsThe Daily Courier-JournalANDThe Bourbon NewsBOTH ONE YEARBY MAILr URw This offer applies to renewals f JeSSSrtSS date, renewals will date fengprtionof present ones. Sfe. fc- e5HPIfvou prefer an evening newspaper, you mw wbfatotoffiSSiville Times for The Courier-Journal.""S&d or brin youorders to the officeof HE' ,- . -2JJ "'Bf "rKGMSWTWFLORALAGENTFlowersFor AllOccasionsGotten on, -ShortNotice.Phone MeYour Order.Jo S. VardenAgentwe are now ablelto offer$5.50vrx.. . - .i-$;. - '. .xX"$.4-&THE" BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKYTUHDAY. JAH1TAJIY I, 1MMATRIMONIALW1ERSHIRGTO-MY jyTO-DAYITewi Items From Boir-A Eecord of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThtiays Go By"Cfeinty't College TownPAurnTHEATREMrs. Ida Ryan, of Covington, is.rutting her mother, Mrs. Belle Bar--Mile Julia Howe of Covington is-visiting her mother, Mrs. ElizabethMiller.Mr. Richard Butler, wife and-, of Paris, visted relatives herelast week.Mrs. James Lail, of Paris, is a-jfroet of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. S.3B. Bruce.Miss Bessie Norton, of Lexington, Is visiting her aunt, Miss Nannie Burroughs.-Mrs. Helen Forsyth, of Paris,her sister, Mrs. Mary Whaleythe past week..Miss Bernice Bonar, of Lexington, is visiting her parents, Mr. andJCrs. R. C. Bonar.The Public School will resume-work to-day instead of yesterday, aspreviously announced.-Miss Mabel Metcalfe, of Berea- College, is visiting her parents, .Mr.and Mrs. W. R. Metcalfe.Mrs. Julian Allen and babyhave returned from a visit with her"mother, Mrs. Guy Briggs, in Frankfort. Mrs. D. B. Clarke entertained at-dinner Friday in honor of MissMary ,Agnes Purnell, of Washington,-D. C.Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Allen anddaughter, Miss Bush Allen, have returned from a visit with relatives atStanford.Mr. Richard Metcalfe, of State"College, Lexington, is spending theholidays with his parents, Mr. andMrs. W..R. Metcalf.Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy, Mrs.O. W. Judy and Miss Mary Taylorhave returned from a visit with Mrs.ISmma Long, of Georgetown.Miss Pattie Hunter and mother,ot Mason county, and Miss Nannie' Louise Best, of Lexington, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Best.Mr. Reese Ingels entertained anumber of his friends Sunday withan elaborate dinner at the home ofliia mother, Mrs. Lucy Ingels.-rWm. Stone and Miss LouisePotts were married in Paris, Saturday - evening, at the home of ' the.officiating minister, Rev. W. B. Ellis.Mr. J. M. McVey, County Superintendent, will sppak at the HighSchool, Wednesday morning at10: SO o'clock. The public is invited.Mrs. Charles Carrington andchildren, aijd Miss Mary McDaniel,-of Irvine, have returned home after-a visit with Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel. --11-Misses Margaret and EdithWood have returned to Maysville toresume their school duties, afterspending the holidays with theirmother, Mrs. B. W.. Wood.Mr. Harold Frazer, bass-baritoneand character entertainer, withMlas Doris Starr, accompanist, willappear as the last number of the Lyceum course at the High School,Wednesday evening at eight o'clock.Mr. James Hutsell entertained aT?arty of men friends with rook anddining at the home of Mr. NeppieHigdon. The forenoon was spent inplaying rook, and at one o'clock an.elaborate dinner was served in the'dining room to the following guests:J. T. Jefferson, Alex Miller, AshbyXeer, George Stoker Richard Huffmen, A. S. Best, Jos. Caldwell, W. D.Mclntyre, J. O. Ralls, Layson Tarr,Uol. Nelson, G. W. Judy, George-Stewart. Edward Ine-els. John Marr.A. C. Strode. Dr. Bruce Smith andMr. Nelson of Pennsylvania fathervof Col. Nelson, of the M. M."I.r xt-1 ' t, , . - ,7BIRTHSt. Mr. and Mrs. William Kenney-Thomas, of near Hutchison, are receiving congratulations upon thebirth of a son, christened -HoustonKenmey Thomas. The mother wasformerly Miss Myra Jacoby.BOUXBON TOBACCO BEINGS G0t)DPBICE AT LEXINGTON--me best offerings since the open-ing of the Lexington .tobacco mar-.feet, went over the breaks at theJewell warehouse Wednesday morning, according to manager John R.Jewell.A total of 119,905 pounds of tobacco sold at an average of $23.08 a-hnadredtTne 2,065-pound crop of J. L.Butler, of Fayette county, broughtam ayerage of- $41.09 a hundred,wkiofc according to warehouse official, isHne highest price paid sincethe opening of the market.Tfcrcrop of Taylor and Tevig,grown in 'Bourbon county; broughtan -average, of $37.-37 a hundred forAec JZ.J-,- -' . , . J .. .-, puuiiua.- vue oaamz in cmscrop, which weighed 280 pounds,brought. $65 a hundred.D-G;--TayIor, of 'Paris, on -whoselamd ttiie crop1 was grown, had overone Jmndred ,acres of Bourbon countyjsoiK'ia. tobacco this yearAnother crop' grown on Taylor'sland was that of Taylor," Carpenteraad Jon,, wkich .brought -an aver-as; jf,f33.34 ,a hundred, for .1,9851.JKMtaOS.'i-.-tTT'A marriage license was issuedIFrday afternoon from the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton to Currency Ritchie, twenty, of Bourboncounty, and Miss AUie Richardson,nineteen, of Harrison county.POTTSSTONE .William Stone, twenty-one, andMiss Louise Potts, sixteen, both ofMillersburg, secured marriagelicense at the office on County ClrkPearce Paton, Saturday afternoon,and were married later at the homehome of the officiating minister, Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church.BLANFORD- LAYTHAMMiss Leona Blanford, of Louisville, and Mr. J. Sherman Laytham,of Paris, were married in Louisville,at two o'clock Sunday afternoon.The bride is a sister of Mrs. RobertMitchell, of Paris Mr. Laytham is ason of James Laytham, of Owingsville, and is cashier of the AmericanExpress Co., in this city. After thewedding Mr. and Mrs. Laytham leftfor a short weddding trip to pointsm me ooutn, un tneir return theywill reside in Paris.BABER KIMBELLMiss Reba Barber and Mrs. Christopher C. Kimball, both of Clarkcounty, were married Saturday althe home of the officiating minister,Rev. Dr. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington.The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Hamilton Baber, and was aformer resident of this county. TheDriaegroom is a native of Bourboncounty, but moved to Clark countyseveral years ago, where he has beenengaged in farming. The weddingwas witnessed by Miss GertrudeMonroe and Mr. Wheeler Jones, intimate friends of the bride and groom.Atter the ceremony Mr. and MrsKimball returned to Winchester.BOOTH SLADE.Mr. and Mrs. Edmund Booth, ofGrand Rapids, Mich., have announced the engagement of their daughetr, Miss Dorothy Alice, to Mr. Prentice Slade, of Lexington. The announcement was made at a tea givenrecently for Miss Booth. Miss Boothis well-known in Paris. She has often been the guest of Miss VirginiaSlade,, herself a popular visitor inParis. Mr. Slade Is also f3vnMi,iknown here, being a former newspaper man, and son ofthe late Col.Robert Slade, of Lexington. Thed"te for the wedding has not beenCAHAL ELLISJames A. Ellis and Miss DamieCahal, both of Paris, celebrated theNew Year Sunday by slipping awayfrom their friends and going to theresidence of Rev. T. S. Smylie, pastorof the Paris Presbyterian church,where they were quietly married.The- attendants were Miss OllieChambers and Mr. L. K. Redmon.Even the parents of the young ladywere not let into the secret and thefirst intimation they had was whenthey received a telephone messagefrom their daughter, telling of themarrige, and asking the parentalblessing, which was freely givenThe bride is one of the mostcharming young women in theyounger set in Paris. She is thedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John KCahal, and for several months pasthas been stenographer in the lawoffice of Hinton, Bradley & Bradley.She is a member of the Paris Presbyterian church, and active in thechurch and Sunday school affairs.ihe groom is employed on the L. and' ?e VYea his country overseasm the late world war. Followingthe ceremony the young people leftfor a short wedding trip.TURNERSMITHMr Byron McClelland, of nearHutchison, and Miss Juliet MaejeanTurner, of near Paris, motored tot ..-JIVi,: 7 " ?C", ""!, I31' and were quiet-il maii-ieu m deirersonvi TnHiaaa short time afterward. Desirim? toavnid fVio -Pn-H-ninKi.. j? -i .,r j,. 'T,11' Ui- a cnurcn orhome wedding Miss Turner and Mr.Smith met by agreement in Lexington, from where they motored toJeffersonville. After a few dayswedding trip Mr. and Mrs. Smith willreturn to the home of the groom,near Hutchison.The bride is a charming and attractive young woman, the daughterof Mrs. Edward Turner, of nearParis ,and sister of 'Harmon Turner.?f Sa.cramento, and Louis Turner, ofward Turner, one of the best-knownhome near thia citv ' b -V"years ago. She is a graduate ofHamilton College, in Lexington, andmore recently of the ColonialSchool, at "Washington, D. C. Thebridegroom is a son of Mr. and Mrs.Thomas C. Smith, of near Hutchison,and is a nephew and namesake of theUate Byron BlcClelland. prominentLexington" horseman. He is engagedin farming near Hutchison. Both. young people have a host of friendsm this and adjoining counties whounite in extending their hearty congratulations and best wishes for along and happy married life.FARRIS ARUNDELLA beautiful home wedding ofSaturday was that which took placeat the home of Mr. and Mrs. TVm.Farris, on Pleasant street, at sixo'clock, when the charming d?daughter of the home, Miss. Daisy Farris.became the bride "of Mr. JohnT. H.rundell, a former resident of London, England. The ceremony wasperformed by Rev Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.i Owing to , - recent bereavement inI the'family of Mrs. Farris; the wed. ding was witnessed only by mem-Ders or tne family.The - attendants were the bride'scousins, Mr. and Mrs. T. B.. Letton.The bride, -a. charming aUd veryattractive young woman, was be-S-iiTHE INSIDEALSOCarmel MyersmdWallace McDonaldIN"BREAKINGTHROUGH"AND"SNUB" POLLARDCOMEDY"Fifteen Minutes"ADMISSION-ADULTS 27ccomingly gowned in a handsomesuit of dark blue duventyne cloth,with hat, shoes and gloves to match,and carried a large bouquet of Klllarney roses. Following the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Arundell leftfor an Eastern trip. On their return they will be "at home" at theHotel Statler, in Detroit, until June1, when they will go to London fora visit to the groom's relatives.The bride is a graduate of Bourbon College, where she took highhonors in her class. Possessed ofa gracious manner she has by hercharm and vivaciousness,friends whj,ioVS'large circle of warmare extending congratulations. MrArundell, a member of a prominentEnglish family, is department manager in the Ford Motor Co.'s worksat Detroit.The following announcement, cardsare being sent to friends and relatives: "Mr. and Mrs. William Farris announce the marriage of their daugh-lter, uaisy, to Mr. John T. H. Arundell, on Saturday, December thirtyfirst, nineteen hundred and twentyone. At home after Februarv l.1922, Statler Hotel, Detroit, Mich-jl&ttU.DEATHSLife Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat Ail Must PayHULLFuneral services for the Infantson of Mr. and Mrs. Earl Hull, ofNorth Middletown, who died Saturday at the family hove, were conducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. Arthur Fox, pastor of the Paris Baptist church. Besides his parents, he is survived bythree sisters and four brothers.WOLFDolplh Wiles, of Lexington, hasbeen advised that Philip L. Blumen-thal, nephew of the late Simon Wolf,will sail for America, in the steam-snip -iieorge Washington, Tuesday,January 3, bringing with him theurn containing the cremated remainsof the departed Lexington merchant.These ashes will be interred inthe Lexington Cemetery, in harmonywith the wish of the deceased, whoselast request and desire was that hisold home, Lexington, be made hislast resting place.HAYESMrs. Mary G. Hayes, aged thirtyseven, wif e of Robert .B. Hayes, diedat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city Saturday afternoon, afteran illness of but a few days. Mrs.Hayes was a daughter of Mr .andMrs. James T. Griffith, of Warsaw,Ky., and resided on Vine street, inthis city. Besides her husband sheis survived by six children; one sister, Mrs. 'iora .Brown, of Warsaw,and three brothers, J. W. Griffith, ofGhent, Ky., Benjamin Griffith, ofWarsaw ,and James W. Griffith ofGallatin, Ohio.A short service was held at thefamily home in this city yesterdayafternoon at three o'clock, conducted by Rev. C. H. Greer, pastor of theMethodist church. The body will betaken to Warsaw for interment, thefuneral party leaving here this morning. At Warsaw the services wilTheconducted at the grave..'JOHNSONMrs. Mary Johnson, aged eighty-eight, widow of John R. Johnson,died Friday night at the home of herdaughter; Mrs. Samuel Ishmael, nearParis, after a long illness due to theinfirmities of age. Mrs.N Johnsonwas a native of Bath county, whereher husband died about forty-fiveyears ago.She is survived by two daughters,Mrs. Samuel Ishmael, of Bourboncounty, and Mrs. James Bennett, ofParis; four sons, G. E. Johnson, ofBourbon county; J. W. Johnson, ofNicholas county; E. L. Johnson, ofFleming county, and Allen Johnson,oi uanvine, in.The funeral was held Saturdaymorning at eleven o'clocky at thejuvuiv vt. mvm: uttugater, jairs. j.snmaei.The burial followed jn the family lot.- - - y-A Paramount PictureFrom the Famous Story by Winston' ChurchillGilded gentry of the "better sort!" Prattling of "socialstanding!" Defiling the church with their heartless hypocrisy! Building their empty pride with the toil of others!And then that "other sort" of person! The hearthungry girl who finds the narrow path too hard. The boywho tries, loses, stumbles down. The poor who riot whentheir "betters" steal their homes.Two mighty human . millstones, grinding out life,drama, radiant romance in the thrilling scenes of thisgreat picture.A story of dark souls filled with light by the power ofa boundless love.PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c.in the Paris Cemetery. The palldred Ritchie, Levi Clark, Foley Haydred Ritchie, Levi Clark, Uoley Hayden, James Ishmael, S. B. Ritchie.BELLMajor Ernest Bell, formerly ofBourbon county, died recently inChattanooga, Tenn., where he hadbeen residing several years. The funeral and burial took place in Chattanooga.Major Bell was a brother of Mrs.i aris' and Mrs Ernest Darnaby,of Clintonviile. Mrs. Darnaby attended the funeral at Chattanooga.Besides these he is survived by hiswidow and five children; two brothers, R. E. Bell, of this county, andJohn Bell, of Jerome, Arkansas, andanother sister, Mrs. J. P. Juett, ofNorth Vernon, Ind.Major Bell was a veteran of theSpanish-American war, having served in the Second Kentucky Regimentwith the rank of Captain. He alsotook part in the world war as captain in the 117th Infantry of theThirteenth Division. He was commissioned Major about the close ofSPECIAL REDUCTIONSBuymore forDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe3RS2VTr -5'7i-WMM-a-ahei.t.tr-i-i.-.jSTi f-siFT.-- JiV5V- !? AvnsruOF THE CUP"CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18cthe war. He was a member of theSpanish War Veterans, the AmericanLegion, and the Old Hickory Post ofVeterans of the Thirteenth Division.oBASKET BALL GAMESThe Paris Knights of Columbusbasket ball team will meet thestrong team from Bardstown, in agame on the floor of the Y. M. C. A.gymnasium, in this city, on nextFriday night, January 6. The gamewill be called at 7:45 o'clock, sharp,and is expected to be a struggle fromthe first ball thrown. An admissionprice of twenty-five cents will becharged. The Paris team hopes totake the large end of the score andthe members who will be in the lineup are putting in extra hours getting in good condition for the fray.God has dealt with nations as hehas dealt with individuals. He gavethem a chance and when they didnot improve the opportunity Heturned the task over to others.After-Season ValueOfferingWe have marked down all shortand broken lines for quick clearance.We are headquarters for RUBBER FOOTWEAR for every memberof the family.them at this store;your money. -- :StoreWhere Beautyty-.ZFWS - SS" ."yV'j-35j:iaBF?SS!Pt3N.fl5S5C350NOTE((THE INSIDEOFTHE CUP"WILL BE SHOWNAGAINTomorrowAt The Alamo inthe AfternoonANDAt the Paris Grandat NightPLUS 2c WAR TAX, 2QcRELIGIOUSA Bourne of Events In SeligiaviCircles For Jresent andFuture"5ev; 2r J w- Porter, pastor otthe First Baptist Church, in Lexington, for more than fourteen yearshas tendered his resignation to thecongregation, in order to accept acall to the Third Avenue Ba?ttatchurch in Louisville. Actio?the resignation was deferred i-nllifdneiday nisht wfaen the official board will hold a meeting tconsider it. Dr. Porter came to tSLexington church from NewportNews va. He is a member oTtheBaptist State Board of Missions!part owner of the Baptist Book Concern, in Louisville, and one of theleaders of that denomination in theState and South.The history of window glass making has no authentic beginning.3s-- - .and get jg. . ' - 3and Economy Reign0tcz -r- TxrrA.-: fc.3L---' :-."J"V- v.rvL vZki-te1--V4-r5?3KRFSaB-&eSSeS!a5r SJ5M!5i-s-a' --,- - , .& fcHtfj&KJ'.vKiaJi .a'U-J'Vfcvt'. -,'A.i w . ' jftv.r jrrft:- . . ' . s-4 s- iQ23re4r a1, l$fa;5-JL-,r -rfJ.::JJjk