lifja'-THE"1Jl'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.SVOLUME. XLI IX ifPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1922NEWSBOURBON"PROHIBITION OFFICIALS STAGEINVESTIGATIONS HEBEElections, rumors of war, the situation in the Far East, foot ball,and all other absorbing topics hadto take a back seat in" the city yesterday, when it became knownthat prohibition officers had visiteda number of Paris business housesand made two arrests as a resultof their investigations. Such newscreates more excitement in Paristhan would the resumption of thegreat world war.F. G. Fields, B. F. Unthank andW. C. White, prohibition enforcement officials from the Lexingtonoffice, accompanied by Hayes Green,of Barbourville, came to Paris yesterday morning, and equipped withsearch warrants, visited a numberof places on Main stret, searchingthe premises thoroughly and inspecting soft drinks at several places.Their search was unrewarded andfruitless, as all the places visitedshowed clean bills and free fromsuspicion.Extending their field of operations the officials under authorityof their warrants, arrested EdwardHerrin, of Paris, as he was entering the First National Bank building, and, it was alleged, after asearch, found a half-pint of moonshine on his person. Going toHerrin's room in the Dow building,they instituted a search, and finally found a copper still, with acapacity of thirty gallons, in operation, with about a gallon of moonshine newly-made. The still waswarm when found. The officialsdestroyed the still and confiscatedthe liquor. Shortly after thisthey placed Joe Frakes, of Paris,under arrest, on a charge of interferring with officers in the discharge of their duty, alleging thathe had attempted to "tip off" theirvisit to Herrin and others.TURKEYSWE WILL OPEN TO RECEIVETURKEYS FOR THE THANKSGIVING MARKET COMMENCING ONMONDAY, NOVEMBER 13.BRENT & CO., (Inc.)(nov7-tf) Both Phones 14.GOOD OYSTERSWe have a shipment every daystewing size and New York Counts.C. P. COOK & CO."THE PRIDETO LOOK ELSEWHEREMEANS QUICK SALES HEREOur styles look expensive but ourprices are unusually reasonableAnd to those who have madecomparisons elsewhere selectionshere are quickly madeLOVELYWINTERCOATSIn an unending variety of softfabrics that have all the richnessand lustre that only fine coats couldhaveFashiona Lustrosa OmduraVerona Velverette Veldyne and , KPanvelaine ,Navy Sorrento Reindeer Brown .WITHSELF COLLARSor with bright luxurious collars ofPlatinum Wolf Fox Squirrel andBeaverDEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYPARIS CITY SCHOOL NOTES,Misses Zerelda Nolan and LulaBlakey, English teachers in theParis High School, will attend theconference of English teachers inChattanooga, November 30. December 1 and 2. This is the NationalCouncil of Teachers of English,and it is the Qrsfc time jit, has metin the South. ""Miss Ellen Blanding, supervisorof Music in the Paris City Schools,was notified this week that she hadbeen apponted a member of theState Advisory Committee of Kentucky for the National Music Association of America. The nextmeeting will be held in April, 1923,in Cleveland, Ohio, and wll be oneof the most important musicalmeetings held in America nextyear. Miss Blanding's chief duties as a member of, the committeewill be to bring before the meeting some of the musical conditionsand needs of Kentucky.One of the most important andattractive evening classes to be organized in Paris this winter will bea class started Monday night, November 13. Ths class will betaught by Mr. Horace Miller Clay,of the University of Kentucky,Last year Mr. Clay conducted anevening class in Paris in shopmathematics and mechanicaldrawing. This year his subjectwill be vocational mathematicsand applied electricity. The coursesare planned for men who have nothad the advantage of college courses in electrical engineering, butwho wish to obtain some practicalknowledge of electrical engineering.The mathematics is taught in connection with electricity, so that thestudent may better grasp the subject. The courses in applied electricity comprises the fundamental lawsof electricity and magnetism a. c.and d. c. dynamos and motorpower transportation, lightning,wiring transformers and storagebatteries. The above is presentedin such a way as to be understoodby the average practical mind. Theywill be both enjoyable and beneficial and larger enrollment is expected. The Extension Courses in Hy-giene and Shakespeare will notwillmeet to-morrow, Saturday, Novem-ber 11, on account of the ArmisticeDay celebration, but will meet onSaturday, November 18, as usual.oAnd yet, there may be days whenior By-The-Wayside-Historical Club,en a skunk can't lay up a scent. representing the signing of the NewevenOF PARISufc-ARMISTICE DAY CELEBRATIONHERE TO-MORROWArmistice Day, that day of sor-'row, and yet of joys and tendermemories marking the close of agreat world war, and the roll callof thousands of heroes who gave uptheir lives in defense of the world'sfreedom, will be appropriately celebrated in this city to-morrow, as itwill be in thousands of other places,fwith appropriate ceremonies.One of the chief features of theprogram will be the dedication ofthe Memorial Building, at the corner of High street and Broadway,and the unveiling of a bronze tablet, on which is inscribed the names;Of those patriotic Bourbon countytboys who died in defense of "lib'erty, justice and peace." This tablet was placed in position on thewall on the Broadway side of thebuilding Tuesday by Mr. F. S. Ha'gan, a world-war veteran, and Mr.T'rank Thomas, of the Murphy &Thomas Monument Co., of Paris. Itis a beautiful specimen of thebronze founders art, of a neat andchaste design, surmounted by abronze eagle, holding a scroll in histalons.Judge George Batterton chairman of the Committee on Arrange-I'ments, and composed of Miss LucyBlythe Simms, Mrs. Wm. O. Hintonand Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, assistedby representatives from the variouspatriotic and civil organizations ofthe county, will assist in the ceremonies. The principal address willbe delivered by Attorney W. C. G.Hobbs, of Lexington, an orator ofgreat eloquence.Representatives from the American Legion Posts of neighboringtowns will be present and take partin the ceremonies. At the close ofthe program a lunch of sandwiches,coffee and pie will be served to theLegion boys, in the Memorial Building, by the members of the D. A.R., the U. D. of C. and the BourbonCounty War Mothers.The line of march to-morrowwill form at the Seventh street entrance of the Paris High School, at10:30 o'clock, and will be as follows: Police Department; Fire Department; City Officials; County Offlci-als; Boy Scouts, with their band,leading a chorus of Paris CitySchool children, Floats, Senior'class, By-The-Wayside HistoryClub, representing the "Big Four"in France, with "Peace" toweringover their seats: Float, bv the Jun-Declaration of Independence in1919; Cincinnati Band; BourbonPost, American Legion, and delegations from Legion Posts from othertowns.The parade will proceed down'Seventh street to Main, to Broad-iway, to the Memorial Building,',where the following program will! be carried out: Prayer, Rev. O. B.Crockett; Raising of the colors overthe Memorial Building by BourbonPost, American Legion, with military honors; music; address by W.C. G. Hobbs, of Lexington; unveiling of .bronze tablet to the memoryof the Bourbon county boys whogave their lives in the world war,by Commander T. S. Smylie, ofBourbon Post, American Legion,who will place a laurel wreath atIts base; benediction by Rt. Walter S. Cain.'n In 1 utherance of the alms andobjects- of Armistice Day Mayor B.B. January has issued the followingproclamation, calling on the peopleof Paris to join in observance oCthe day in the proper spirit:To the Citizens of Paris, Ky.Greetings: Armistice Day is andshould be to all who love theircountry, who honor valor, whocherish noble deeds and purifyingsacrifices a holy, sacred day.I therefore call upon every citizen of this city to observe this day;to join with the ex-service men andwomen of this city, withtheAmerican Legion and the society offoreign wars and to assist in anyway in the ceremonies commemorating the services of Bourboncounty soldiers and sailors and tovow allegiances and fealty to thegreat principles that gave our country birth; that has preserved it,and with the support of its patriotic sons and daughters will assurethe future greatness of the country and will bring glory to the republic. E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.Kentuckians are called upon tojoin with the men and women whoserved in the World War to commemorate the services of Kentucky's soldiers and sailors in aproclamation issued by GovernorMJorrow. The proclamation follows: ' "To the People of Kentucky,Greeting:"Armistice Day is, and should beto all who love their country, whohonor valor, who cherish nobledeeds and purifying' sacrifices, aholy, sacred day. "This day markedCOURT NEWSRev. William Dunson, m colored,former TJastor of t.hp rnlrvrprl "RnTitiatchurch, of Millersburg, has filed, , v.t,w.w.suit in the Bourbon Circuit Court,thrrmp-h h Qfv t?,, nthrough hs attorney, Raymond Con-neii, against the Trustees of thelchurch, for the unpaid portion ofhis salary, amounting to $250, andfor breach of contract. In his petition he claims he was dismissedfrom the pastorate without justcause, and that he has been unableto secure another position, all ofWhinh WS riflTnnp-inP'' tn "hia finan-cial prospects and his pride in thedles Mi"s Precinct No. 3 not a votesum of $250, as asked for. !was. eB' Jor memDers of theI TUT-nc Tl O tt A e T3 i... v..u . .LW II U,. I., J. UUU1UUUcounty, filed suit in the CircuitCourt against Frederick A. Wallis,of New York, who owns two largebluegrass farms in Bourbon county,for the sum of $338.58, alleged tobe due her as share of a crop of to- ibacco raised on the shares. Shealleged that she had a verbalagreement with Mr. Wallis to raisethe crop on a fifty-fifty basis; thatMr. Wallis sold the tobacco to the IBurley Tobacco Association for $1,117.16, making Mr. Wallis' indebtedness to her $558.58, subject tocredit amounting to $170.00, leaving the balance, $338.58.( In the Fayette Circuit Court at"Lexington, Joseph and Sam Houston, former Bourbon county farmers, defendants in a $500 damagefeuit filed by Clarence Lebus, weregiven a verdict for $717.97, by thejury. In his suit Lebus claimedthe defendants unlawfully detainedthree hundred sacks of wheat during the 1920 threshing season.The judgment carries interest ontlie total amount from 1920 untilit is paid and directs that the defendants' costs be paid by the plaintiff.TO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERSTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OURFLOUR MILL AND HEMP HOUSEON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOAT OUR OFFICE BUILDING ONTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)DECLARES ARMISTICE DAY LEGAL HOLIDAYArmistice Day, Saturday, t No- 'vember 11, has been declared a-State holiday by Governor EdwinP. Morrow, in a statement issuedat Somerset, where he had gone tovote."The purpose of the Armistice 'Day proclamation," Governor Morrow said, "was to set apart the dayas a legal holiday and I call uponall Kentuckians to observe the dayas such."Bankers throughout the Stateraised the question as to whetherArmistice Day was to be observed;as a legal holiday.. oDILL PICKLEJust . received a"' barrel of iillpicmes. finest quality anai appetizing. ' LOGAN HOWARD.! RAGLAN SLEEVE OVERCOATSWelted models in many new fab-'rics some as low at $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.for the world the close" of its mosttitantic struggle and broughus as a nation peace witha glorious victory. To heroesdead and our heroes living,and to those who sacrificed. the very heart, the soul of theirsoul, and the core of their greatlove, this day is dedicated."It is a day of remembering, aday of recalling services renderedand sacrifices made, a day of resolving that the dead shall neverbe forgotten and the living shallever be honored. It is a day to rekindle the fires of patriotism, totrim the torch of our national conscience and to highly resolve thatwhat was won for us in blood andtears shall not be lost to usthrough sloth and easy living."I, therefore, call upon every citizen of the commonwealth to observe this day, to join with the exservice men and women of thecountry with the American Legionand the Society of Foreign, Wars,and to assist in every way in theceremonies commemorating the services of . Kentucky's soldiers andtailors, and to vow allegience andfealty to the great principles thatgave our country birth, that has"preserved it, and with the support'of its patriotic sons and daughters,will assure the future greatness ofthe w country and 'bTingnew glory toI the-"republic." ,TUESDAYS ELECTIONThe election in Bourbon countyTuesday was one of the least interesting held in many years, due toihe apathy of voters. There was noa!"w""uii lu j. oampoeu uanuriii,... A T . ., .!!reTauc canamaie lor re-eiectionias Congressman from the SeventhDemocratic candidate for re-electionI f!rmrrnaainnil T"Hof vinNo interest was taken in the election, andno effort was made to get votersto the polls. Out of a total vote of5,000 in the county, with three'precincts missing out of the thirtyfive, only 532 votes were cast.The three missing precinctswill add but a few votes. In Rud-JTrtilH .DUttl u vl .uaucauon, a. a.Hancock received 302 votes, S. S.Ardery, Jr., 300, and Dr. RaymondR. McMillan, 302.Miss Eleanor Lytle, .daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Omar G. Lytle, hasthe distinction of being the firstwoman election officer in Bourboncounty, she serving in that capacity Tuesday at the Court Housevoting booth.oMASS MEETING FOR MEN ANDBOYS.TO WHOM IT CONCERNS:AND THAT MEANS EVERYBOY IN THIS COMMUNITY.THERE WILL BE A MASS MEETING FOR YOU SUNDAY AFTERNOON AT THREE O'CLOCK IN;THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.THE SPEAKER IS DR. J. ERNEST THACKER AND THE SUBJECT IS "WHAT CONSTITUTESA FOOL?"WILL IT BE WORTHWHILE?YOU DECIDE IT.LOSES VALUABLE DOG"Jeanne VanGronigan," ar valua -ble police dog, belonging to JamesClay Ward, of this city, and regis-0Fftered in the American Kennel Club,was run over by an automobile atthe corner of Fifteenth and Highstreets, sustaining injuries thatcaused death. At the time ofthe accident the dog was accompanying Mrs. Ward. The identityof the person driving the auto wasnot learned. The animal was the piTE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECdam of a fine dog, "Laddie," now TKIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONowned by A. B. Hancock, in this mVm CLIFTON AVENUE.for $265 PUPS I BOURBON LUMBER CO.' ' (aoT25-tflitis Bf "-iPT y iBSpecial SaleSport HoseMxtra50c75c$1.00THE PAIRSilk Clocks and Fancy MixturesSee North WindowKRANK&COSADIES' OUTFITTERS-V:THE GRIDIRON FIELDFull of confidence, inspired' bytheir recent victory over- tlie- Newport team in last Friday's gridirombattle, the Paris High. School warriors will leave ths morning' forSomerset, where they hope to takethe scalp of the Pulaski' boys. PariHi will take with them, a bunck pfTooters, who will help to bolsterthe huskies up to the winning poimt.Somerset, though the- home of theredoubtable "Red" Roberts, of theCenter College team, still boasts ofseveral other good' players- and ParisHi realizes that a hard! struggle .Siahead of their for the afternoon,but "Carry on" is to be' the word.G-HUNTING SEASON OPENS NEXTWEDNESDA3TThe hunting season opens nexWednesday, and every son-of-a-gunwho can get hold of a dog, a gunand a hunting license, will be outin, the fields bombarding quail andrabbits, with more or less goodluck.Those who intend to hunt shouldnot fail to provide themselves witha hunting license,, and: have- it witlithem at all times in the field. Theymust also remember that the baglimit is twelve quail per day, instead of fifteen, as erroneouslypublished recently. The limit onrabbits is fifteen per day, and momore, to each hunter.Many lands have been "posted"and the consent of the landowner,or the farmer who is occupying the.land must be secured, before hunting. Game Warden A. W. Bullock, withthe earnest co-operation and assistance of the Bourbon CountyGame and Fish' Cub, will be on thejob at all times, and it would he .;well for everyone to know thatthese conscientious sportsmen willuse everv effort to annrehend and' convict all violators of- the gamelaws, irrespective .of their station,jn iife.0NEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-ROOM HOUSE COM-Valuesatfrifi,-,.fcPAGE TWOvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,- KENTUCKYFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1922.. " -..1..aa?S'15uPIifmNW'?t2iR!,I .II iiiI'uprrvaKTHE BOURBON NEWSpftaUithed 18P-I-41 Years of Continuous PublicationPabliihed Every Tuesday and Friday?er Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.IWIfT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffle as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)0U FOREIGN EEPEESENTA-TIVES.JTew York American Press Asso&Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia Nk W. Ayers & Son.Atianta-r-XassengalQ Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLauisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineMch Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline .any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof. THE BOURBON NEWS will begladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.HttTORIAL FUNGSWhen indigestion grips a manAnd brngs from a wail,On thoughts of Jonah he puts banAnd gives them to the whale.By marrying again the formerKaiser Wilhelm is assured of having someone around the place tohear him talk about himself.Of course, it is none of our business, but sometimes we wonder if agirl -has to remove her wrist watch-when the doctor wants to feel her,pulse.There is -a woman in Frankfort.-who for religious reasons has notspoken a word in three years. Howmany miserable married men thereare in Paris who would encouragethe promotions of such a religion.The old-fashioned wife used tofetch her husband's slippers aftersupper. The up-o-date wife demands that her husband fetch herautomobile, for be it ever so bangup there's no place so dull as""home, sweet home."A Danish lieutenant is to becomea cousin of four kings by marryingPrincess Dagmar. But being acousin of four kings in these .daysof toppling thrones is like holdingkings in a game in which you doubtthe depth of the other players'3ockets."Uncle Joe" Pitman, of Rockcastle county, who at ninety-six marri-a sixteen-year-old girl, was ahravk man when the Civil War bejgan, according to his military record, and he is a brave man, too,as the record will show in 1922, tobrave the unknown.,A Philadelphia divorcee who gaveher age as thirty when license forvher second marriage was applied for5n 1920 gives her age as thirtywhen a third license is applied for,in Octeber, 1922. The mental reservation in each instance musthave been "and then some."Henry L. Mencken, critic, isquoted as saying the American people are the most timorous, sniveling, ignominious m(ob of poltroons ever assembled under oneflag. Oh, there are lots of us sobrave that we don't mind admittingthat we never read a book or anarticle by. this fellow, Mencken, forconstruction and reconstruction.T People on the streets Mondaysaw a most unusual sight, in themaay that can always be seen on"Court Day." An old woman,poorly clad, a long-stemmed pipein her mouth, came down the middle' of Main street, leading a slabsided "cow, by a long patched rope.Behind the cow trailed a thin,scrawny old man, who occasionallygave a twist to the cow's tail as ifto encourage her to make bettertime through the crowded street.Behiad the "whole outfit trailed atroop of disconsolate-looking dogs,ia siagle file, followed by twovrokisjs in tattered overalls. Theyfaaaaged to Teach the public square,where they were lost' in the surging crowd.mIf it is true that Henry Ford hasbought $10,000,000 worth of coalmines it cannot be much of a bunchof mines, as $10,000,000 wouldn'tbuy much coal anywhere nowadays.A woman coaching women stumpspeakers says: "When you havenothing to say, sit down." Obedience to the rule by masculinestumpers would give many a manwho wants a seat in Congress a seatin the campaign.'p When I go nuttingIn the wood,The nutting there 1?Not so good;And so I leave theForest floorAnd patronize theGrocer's store.A good many Christians praythat the world may be converted,and then sit down to wait for Godto answer their prayers. But ifthey are farmers, they never praythat God will plough their cornfields, and then get up on the fenceand wait to see the dirt fly."We hear complaints from Parismotorists regarding autoinjobilesand other vehicles not turning tothe right in passing another one.Surely everyone- is familiar withthis simplest of traffic rules and itmust be pure carelessness or purecussedness that makes anyone persist in violating the rule.A pile of junked automobiles isnot yet so common a sight as it islikely to be in a few years. Mostautomobiles are not yet worn out,and many of the first million carsare still running, though they mayhave been rebuilt and made overwith new parts several times. Itit said that at current prices thescrap from an automobile is hardlyworth the labor of making it. Whatwill be'come of the used cars whenthere are two million or more ayear to get rid of?Surely, the most carping criticcould find little to complain of inthe brand of weather Kentucky ishaving just now. Beautiful, clear,sunshiny, just enough of the autumn tang in air to make one steplively, just enough frost in the airto make life worth living, and thereyou are in God's country. Ourfriends who are hastening to-Floridafor their winter stay may bemissing something great, after all,by not deferring their departureuntil real winter comes.The query department of thisgreat family journal has receivedthe following: "Should a gentleman who is sitting next to you at aformal dinner be intoxicated, is itproper to take any notice of hiscondition?" Our etiquette editortells us to inform this querist:"According to the observance of theproprieties required by good breeding, you should ignore the fact. Onthe other hand, should he attemptto blow powder from your shoulders, or try to undo your coiffure orheaddress with a knife, it is properto stand up, and pointing at him,say: 'This bum has insulted me.I am a lady, even if I am in society.' "Joe Lavin, who is sojourning atHot Springs, has heard many goodthings there. He says one of thebest heard there recently was this:"A little boy from Canada, who hadnever seen a negro, was riding inHot Springs with his uncle, one ofthe old-timers, when he spied asleek colored woman crossing thestreet near one of the busy corners. He asked his uncle why thatwoman blacked her face, and wasastonished when nunkie told himshe didn't black her face, that itwas her natural color. But the kidwas inquisitive and would not bedenied, and came back at him withthe question, "Well, nunkie, is sheblack all over like that?' Of course,nunkiesaid she was, and thenkiddie spoiled the whole afternoonby sweetly but mischievously remarking, 'Gee, nunkie, you knoweverything, don't you? "oIQUIT TOBACCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HatotNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break the habit. Whenever youhave a longing for a smoke or chew,just place a harmless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire stops. Shortly the habit iscompletely broken, and you are better off mentally, 'physically, financially. It's so easy, so simple. Geta box of No-To-Bac and if it doesn'trelease you from all craving for tobacco in any form, your druggistwilUrefund your money withoutquestion. v (tf)D'VE MINTI TUC TlMfElib lflllTI I fill IIHUyWhen These Things Happened InX ClllS, AS J.U1U J-U JLXLXiNEWS' Files?DAYS' OF' AULD LANG SYNEThere's no denying that to mostof us there is a certain satisfactionin reviewing the events of long ago,as they are presented to us, either . with oldest and largest company ofcasually or by force of some remin- ( its kind. Our hustlers average iniscent strain of the moment. And come is $1.10 an hour. Are you doto those who lived here in the long ing as well? If not, write to-dayago the recalling of events in theold days of Paris affords a peculiarsatisfaction air its own. They, perhaps, more than we who havegrown used to the old place, willannroobto thPKA ltATTIR. tftlrfiTl Jlfrandom from a copy of THE BOUR-' If you cant hit a home rnn' mayBON NEWS, of Wednesday, March be yu can sacrifice and games are30, 1881:Dr. Noah Moore, of this county,through his friend Blaine, gets theMarshalship of Kentucky.Joseph C. McClure, of Winchester, was married at the Christianchurch in Paris, yesterday, to Miss ILizzie Allison, of this county.Josh Barton sold to Owens & Goff.of North Middletown, a yearlingbull, Knight Duke, for $250, and toHarmon D. Ayers, of Missouri, theyearling bull Barrington, for $350.Gen. Dan Lindsay, Hon. AlvinDuvall and S. F. Trabue, of Frankfort, will speak here on Saturdayafternoon, in the interest of theFrankfort, Paris and Mt. Sterlingrailroad.Geo. White's representative fromhis cooper-shop, near Paris, made acorner on 'all available seasonedbarrel stuff 'in Lewis county, lastweek, by buying all good timber at$35 per thousand.The house belonging to Mrs. Kelley, which was destroyed by fire, isbeing rebuilt.Thomas Clay, who was cut by Jas.Off utt, is lying at the BourbonHouse. His wounds though serious, we learn will not prove fatal.Col. R. G. Stoner, of this county,sold yesterday to J. W. Wissor,Prescott, Canada, four of his Strathmore colts; two for $1,000 each andtwo for $800 each.James Henderson, who shot twiceat James Offutt, has been arrestedon the charge of shooting with intent to kill, and will have a trialbefore Judge Turney to-day.Joseph Davis, recently salesmanwith G. Tucker, is in Cincinnatipurchasing a stock of merchanttailoring goods, and on his returnwill open out in the boot and shoestore of -Rowland & McClure.' The election Saturday ended ina "wow, wumpus and wiot" as isgenerally the case here in primaryelections. About one hundred andfifty drunk on election whisky,(which means fighting whisky.)Several knock downs during theday and some shooting and cuttingafter night.The election for mayor and "citydads," will be held next Wednesday. No one has yet signified hisintention of becoming a candidate.although we have heard it whispered that should George G. White become a candidate for mayor, hewould be elected by a sweeping majority. Such a man would be anhonor to the mayor's bench, and wehope he will condescend to become acandidate.The majorities for sheriff andrepresentative are as follows:Offutt Paris 70, Flat Rock 11,Ruddles Mills y57, Clintonville 25.Total 163. Hill Millersburg 57,North Middletown 35, Centervllle32, Hutchison 16. Total 140.Offutt's majority23.Sheriff Holladay Millersburg33, Flat Rock 61, North Middletown 18, Ruddles Mills '64, Clintonville 9, Hutchison 8. Total 193.Northcutt Paris ,53, Centerville 23.Total 76. Holladay's majority 117.The new brakeman's call on 'conductor Johnnie Martin's train atthe Paris junction every afternoon,is "change cars for Covington andall intervening points betweenParis and Covington." The fastline, as will be remembered, withwhich this train used to connect,stopped only at Cynthiana.Wm. Tarr has rented his Bishopfarm on Cane Ridge, to Wm. Barkley, of Lewis county, who will raisea crop of tobacco and corn on theshares.The Frakes Bros., butchers, ofParis, two very enterprising youngmen, are going to establish a fertilizing manufactory near this city,and will be on the market buyingbones and carcasses of horses,cows, etc.Burl Higgins, who lives on Wm.Howse's farm in Nicholas county,has a dog which meets all men visitors at the stile, takes them by thecoat tail, leads them to the houseand holds on till the man is identified and invited in the house. Hewho doubts this, assails the veracity of Dr. G. D. Judy.The long litigation over the Sixteenth street Presbyterian churchproperty in St. Louis has ended bythe agreement of the Northern andSouthern Presbyterians, to divideand cal1 "sluare-" The difficultygrew out of the division in thePresbyterian churcheB occasionedby the war, and both sides claimedth Dr0DePt 'AGENTS WANTEDIndustrious men and womenwanted to retail the genuine Wat-kins Productsin city territories.j Exceptional opportunity to tie up, for free samples and particulars.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.,Dept. 82, Memphis, Tenn.(nov3-tf)won by both.PLANT BULBS NOWJust received direct from Holland,Tulips, Hayacinths. Narcissus, Jonquils and Crocus. ' Come and getyours to-day.J. SMITH,'aCumb. Phone 915 Second Street.(nov3-3t)Plant This FallFruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsGrape VinesEvergreensPerennialsIn fact, everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year is the most complete nursery book ever issued Inthe South. It is free for the asking.H. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsBLUE GRASS NURSERIES,Lexington, Kentucky.The Road to ProsperityLeads Through the Turnstilesof PIGGLY WIGGLYCampbell's Pork and Beans ....- lUCDomino Golden Syrup 7INo. 2 Can v.. I ?CBorden's Evaporated Milk C- TalHOc; small '...S..w- DCEagle Brand Condensed Milk 19c'G,nijeS,S.:.Soup' , : 1 ! 10cScott County. Tomato Catsup v 1 AS-oz. Bottle.... 1 UCWiiite Star White Meat Tuira Fish 1 ALar,e39c; Medium 24c; Small ...1. 1'fCSamaral Imported Sardines 101In Pure Olive Oil 7. -........:..:.:..'...". 1 tVLVon AHmen's Pure Preserves 9Q16-oz. Glass Jar (Assorted Flavors) .."...!.. CPure Hog Lard ' ' v 14po- ...-- 14CWisconsin Full Cream Cheese o7Pound : .!.......: t CCallahan's Flour ol24-Pound Bag .x OtICiWe Don't Meet Prices We Make ThemPIGGLYGROCERIES707 Main StreetUseSomewhere on the streets ofParis, a cameo pin. Finder leave atNEWS office. Suitable Teward.(7-2t)" P T3 T T7T,LOSTAt Paris High School, or on thestreets of Paris, a diamond ring,with small set. Finder please leaveat THE NEWS office and receive reward. PARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Klser, President9. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. W.fMitehell, CashierJno. W. Terkes, Ass't CashierDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeefar. . .JUNE 30, 1921FRUITSGREEN; ii -WIGGLYbrighter;wfef VfcEVENINGSJust HistoryI 7tTie Colonial DuaSpan , ken cletkBy Candle flamt.In I860In Crinoline bright,She.grjeettd iexgueftiBy Coal Oil lightAnd later on,How time doet paisHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But. the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric lightParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BABBEBS fModern EquipmentExpert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSVEGETABLESParis, Kentucky&s;?rV,., -?J iIFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1922"' 'f 'i ' " m ' m nr hipwriPuTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE-mA Spoonfulof PurityOne uses so little bakingpowder in comparisonwith the other materialsused in baking that it always pays to use the bestFor making the finest andmost wholesome food there isno substitute for ROYALBaking Powder. It is madefrom Cream of Tartar derived from grapes and is absolutely pure.Contains No AlumLeaves No Bitter TastePWTOirffSHOPMEN AND OPHCIALS STILL BOONE BLOCK PEESENTED TODISAGREEStriking Louisville & Nashvillerailroad shopmen are willing to"make any sacrifice within reasonthat may he necessary" to terminate the strike, S. E. Roper, chairman of the Louisville & Nashvillesystem of federation No. 91, said ina statement at the conclusion of aweek's conference of former railroad employes. The statement readsin part: "It is not understood generally that more than than 13,000of the 15,570 who were workingfor the company July 1 have notyet returned to their work, owingto it heing impossible to get anysort of a compromise or even to discuss the matter with road officials."Officials of the L. & N. have maintained steadfastly that there was nostrike on that road and recentlycompleted negotiations coveringworking conditions and wages withan organization composed of workerswho replaced the striking shopmen.oUSEES OF ADDING MACHINESHISTOBICAL SOCIETYA beech block, on which is carvedD. Boone, 1776," which was cutjfrom a tree on a hill top one milesoutheast of Salyersville in 1894 bythe Rev. Billy Willis, -was turnedJ over to the Kentucky State Historical Society by S. S. Elam, Frankfort, editor of the Kentucky SchoolNews.The block has been owned by Mr.jElam since 1910, at which time heIJUlCUttBCU 1L iXUIU mi. VV1111S WHOwas then moving to Washington,D. C.During recent years it has beenon exhibit at the Carnegie Library,Lexington, and at the University ofKentucky Library.For your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. This1b a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'spreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.'iMMif ft' r- 1 1 1 minim tfrMKen kI We Handle All Kinds ofI Electrical NoveltiesElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas 'Logs and GratesThat "are Very Practical and Ornamental.'T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET OPP. COURT HOUSE tIIIHIIIHIIIIHWWHHMHMMHMWIIMIiniWPERSONALSRENT FREEYou can save your rent if you buy from usSORGHUMJust opened a barrel of country sorghum.While it lasts, per gal 95cOYSTERSMcGee & Co. Oysters, the best. Buy our oystersand save the difference. Soup Oysters, qt 60cFrying Oysters, per quart -5cSOAPP. & G. Soap '. 5cPalm Olive Soap. c 7 1-2cBEANSLima Beans, per pound 1 :2cKidney Beans, per pound 1 OcSplit Pinto Beans, per pound 7cDarkPinto Beans, per pound 5cPotatoes, per peck. . . 25cCabbage, per pound 4cOnions, per pound 4cCranberries, per pound 1 5cNew Cocoanuts, each 1 0cTry Our Health Bread, SomethingNew. You'll Like It.iEPARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, ManagerwMrs. Jasper OfEutt is very ill ather home on the Lexington pike,near Paris.Mrs. A. J. Fee is visitng hersister, Mrs. Jessie Sun, in Lexington this week.Miss Agnes Campbell has returned after a visit to friends andrelatives in Cincnnati.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Spearswere recent guests of Miss JennieLackey, at Lancaster.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ferguson have moved from Scott countyto Bourbon county to reside.Mr. and Mrs. J. It. Letton spentthe week-end at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Frank Chenault, in Versailles. Mrs. Varden Shipp and Mrs.Paul Shipp have returned from Navisit to Miss Lena Benton, atFrankfort.Charles Stolworthy has returned to his home in Pueblo, Colo., after a visit to relatives in this cityand county.Mrs. B. B. Marsh has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Dill "Wheat and family, near Ft.Thomas, Ky.Mrs. J. A. Violett continues seriously ill at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. L. M. True, on Sixteenth street. tMrs. Mary Templeman who hasbeen nursing Mrs. Mary Stipp during her illness, has returned to herhome in Richmond.Mrs. Howard Carpenter, ofChicago, is visiting her brothers,Thomas and Steele Marsh, and otherrelatives in this county." Miss Margaret Saunier has returned to her home in Lexingtonafter a visit to Miss MargaretDoyle, on South Main street.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay and son,John Harris Clay, were guests thisweek of Mrs. Clay's sister, Mrs.Samuel Stone, in Louisville.Mrs. Ernest Martin has returned from a visit to Mrs. JiT.Bonta, in Danville and to friendsand relatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Louis Mussinon will reside in Paris until she gets possession of her ..new home, "Locust'View," on the Lexington road.Mrs. Don Schlosser has returned to her home in Columbus, Ohio,after a three-weeks' visit to hermother, Mrs. Mayme Parker, inthis city.Mrs. Alex Duke and daughters, Mrs. James Woodford, ofParis, and Mrs. Merideth Gray, ofLexington, are spending the weekin Cincinnati.Jamos McDonald and "Col."Joseph Hedges, of the ConfederateTTnmp nt Pfiwefi Vallev. are SDend-ing the week with relatives in this jcity and county.Mr. and Mi's. Roy Clendeninhave returned irom their weddingtrip, and are occupying their newhome at the corner of Higgins avenue and Seventh street. ,Dan Owens, stone mason, whoserved in the Union ranks duringthe Civil War, has gone to theI Soldiers' Home at Dayton, Ohio, toremain during the winter.Miss Elizabeth Clark, instructor in the Falmouth High School,was a guest several days this weekof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. P.Clark, on South High street.Louisville Courier - Journal:"Dr. Louis Frank and Mrs. Frankand Miss Caroline Frank have soldtheir home on Fourth street andwill be at the Seelbach for the winter." Mrs. Octavia Delaney was hostess to the members of the Friendship Bible Class of the Methodistchurch, at her home on the Winchester road, near Paris, at 2:30o'clock, Wednesday afternoon.Dr. and Mrs. Gamier have taiten rooms with Miss Lillie Williamsat heivhome on Pleasant street. Dr.and Mrs. Gaither recently moved toParis from Hopkinsville, Dr. Gaither taking a position as pharmacistat the Roche Drug Store.Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton, Mrs.Wm. W. Hinton, Mrs. Joe James,Mrs. J. W. Patterson and Miss Hattie Clarke were in Cynthiana, Wednesday, attending the State meet-Ling ot tne womans. missionaryUnion of the Baptist church.Mrs. Lee Woodward and Mrs.M. H. Kinser, of Dayton, Ohio, andMr. and Mrs'. Walter Whittaker, ofWinchester, whose guests they havebeen for several days, motored toParis Monday and spent the day asguests of Mrs. Thomas Hubbard.Misses Grace Hargis, Amandaand Bessie Cockrell had as dinnerguests recently at their home onthe Cynthiana road, near Paris,Mrs. Harry Mil ward, Mrs. M. M.Miller, and Miss Mary Miller, ofLexington, and Mrs. J. H. Harris,of Mt. Vernon, Mo.The following from Paris attended the Shriners' reception toImperial Potentate McCandless andMrs. McCandless, at Lexington,Tuesday: Mr. and Mrs. Harry O.James, Judge Charles A. McMillan,Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Sandusky, Mr.and Mrs. Thomas A. McDonald, Mr..and Mrs. John Merrinerer and Mrs.Ben Parker.Miss Katie Kane entertainedat her home on South Main streetwith cards. The home was beautifully decorated with Hallowe'encolors of yellow and black.v At theconclusion of the games delightfulrefreshments were served. Aboutthirty-five guests participated inthe pleasures of the evening.(Other Pergonals on Pagt )..WORKS FOR CHILDMUST KEEP WELLMothers in a Like SituationShould Read This Letterfrom Mrs. EnricoChicago. Illinois. ' T tnnt T.T71i WPinkham'a Vegetable Compound for aserious troume. lhad tried doctors andall said the same anoperation. At first Ionly felt the pain onmy left side,butlaterI seemed to feel it onboth sides. I am apower sewing-machineoperator andhave a little girl tosupport. 1 work m atailor shop and thatline of work has beenvery slack this year and I am home partof the time. I do not like to take anychances, so I consulted my friends, andone lady said, 'Take Lydia Pinkham'smedicine, ' so I did. I have felt betterright along and am in good enough healthto go to work. I recommend your Vegetable Compound and Sanative Wash toall." Mrs. Mary Enrico, 459 N. Carpenter St., Chicago, Illinois.Often the mother is obliged to supporther children, and good health is necessary. Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound is just the medicine you candepend upon. It is a medicine for women's ailments and the relief it broughtMrs. Enrico it may bring to you. Keepwell by taking Lydia E. Einkham's Vegetable Compound.L. & N. PURCHASES 3,000 NEWCABSPresident Wible Mapother, of theLouisville & Nashville railroad, hasauthorized the purchase of 3,000cars for the road at a cost of $5,750,000. This great increase in the road'sequipment is in addition to the$20,000,000 that is being expendedas already announced.Of the 3,000 cars 2,000 are coalc$i s, the other box cars.The additions to the equipmentwere deemed necessary to care forthe constantly increasing volumeof freight on the L. & N. The carswill be delivered in the early part of1923. They will add greatly to thefacilities of the L. & N. and will beespecially usetui in moving coaifrom the Eastern Kentucky fields.The purchases are in line with thepolicy of the L. & N. to serve itspatrons and territory in the bestpossible way. . , : W1STEADFASTCONFIDENCEf&n USSjKOI: tJSiSwBta'WifcA 'rwmZbWe inviteYour Account.Earning money and not having a pass bcok is likebuilding a house and not putting a roof on it. Money inthe bankjnakes a shelter for you and your family when the"rainy day" comes. If you have no bank account STARTone. If you have a bank account strive to INCREASE theBALANCE of your credit as much as you can while youcan. We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyThe Following Statement ShouldForm Conclusive Proof ofMerit to Every ParisReaderPlace Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand Perennialsh'i jlBourbon NurseriesVCould stronger proof of the meritof any remedy he desired than the'statements of grateful endorserswho say their confidence has beenundiminished by lapse of time?These are the kind of statementsthat are appearing constantly inyour local papers for Doan's Kidney Pills. They are twice-told andconfirmed, with new enthusiasm.Can any reader doubt the following? It's from a Paris resident:Phillip M. Heller, proprietormeat market, 314 Second street,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills a few times in the .past andhave been greatly benefited by them.My back was lame and my kidneysacted too frequently, causing me toget up during the night. A box ofDoan's Kidney Pills, which I got atVarden & Son's Drug Store gave mefine relief. I certainly thinkDqan's are v.a splendid remedy andgladly recommend them to anyone."(Statement given November 9,1916.)On November 12, 1920. Mr. Heller said: "I am glad to say thecure Doan's Kidney Pills made forme' has been lasting. I gladly confirm my former statement."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.oAdd an "S," Mr. Keeper."A chiel among xus" while visitingthe zoo at Franklin park the otherday criticized one of the placards,which began: "This specie of ostrich." We had to admit that it wasnot up to Boston's usual grammaticalstandard. Boston Transcript.oIt is now claimed that music is acure for insanity. But it has alsobeen used to drive folks crazy.! IMWOWlMiHWWflWWHII Mil II If iGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTHTELEPHON ESNight299Day137mWMHfUHi'IMtttttHIHItHIHWIlllMMtlMtChange of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall' and winter will notbe completed without our service.Residence rates from S1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporateddiscouraged,urL jiVV fiCfl UUU CC confused.nervous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott' Nerverine Pills sIiWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Prapi., CfemkacLO.For Sl ByOWatDOMTX, THE D1TIGGISTELECTRICAL WORKfWe repair and installall kinds of ElectricalEquipmentBell WorkHousewiringContractingFixturesAll Sizes BulbsOUR PRICES ARE RIGHT OUR WORK GUARANTEEDLET US GlVB YOU AN ESTIMATE ON YOUR WORKBLUE GRASS ELECTRIC CO.PARIS, KY. 425 Main St. CUMB. PHONE 5WTry Us With That Next Job!PRINTING sSTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTWe PrintAnythingAny TimeIV..FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 192SPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS jPRIS, KENTUCKY!Km'-44;1Z41.I"-!!IN AUTO ACCIDENTTwo cars,, driven by a Mr. Bowles,of Carlisle, "and Luther Mclntyre, ofBourbon county, collieded Monday,on South Main, street, when one ofthe machines skidded across thestreet. The Mclntyre car was considerably damaged, the windshieldamd one of the springs being broken, and the radius rod and axlebadly bent. Mr. Mclntyre's sister,Miss Bessie Mclntyre, who was inthe car wth him, was the only oneinjured, receiving cuts and bruisesabout the face and on the handsand arms. The Bowles car wasalso somewhat damaged.Special Commissioner'sSALE!BOURBON QUARTERLY COURTBruce Holladay PlaintiffVs Notice of Sale.Miss Fannie Talbott . . DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale at the October term, 1922, of the BourbonQuarterly Court, in the abovestyled case therein pending, theundersigned Special Commissionerwill, onMONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1922,at the front door of the courthouse, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, at about the hour of 11o'clock, ell at public outcry to thehighest and best bidder a sufficientamount of the following describedproperty to satisfy the sum of Seventy-fiveDollars ($75.00) with interest from October the 4th, 1922,until paid and for the costs of thisproceeding and sale all of whichmake a total of $90.44. Propertydescribed as follows:1 Walnut Book Case,1 Parlor Suite Furniture,1 Walnut Bed Room Suite Furniture, 1 Bed,1 Folding Bed (cherry.)1 Cradle,1 Oak Dining Table,1 Parlor Table,'1 Mahogany Drop Leaf Table,1 Cherry Table,1 Hall Seat (oak.)6 Cane-seat Chairs,9 Chairs,1 Wash Stand,2 Machines,. 2 Trunks,1 Biscuit Kneader,4 Carpets,1 Matting,, 13 Wooden filled Boxes,Coal Vase, Curtain Poles andshades.Said sale will be made upon acredit of 3 months with privilegeto purchaser to pay cash, the purchaser being required to execute abond with good surety to be approved by the Commissioner, bear-ing interest at the rate of six percent. (6) from date of sale untilpaid.M. PEALE COLLIER,Special Commissioner.(10-3tF)MATRIMONIALA Tnnrriaee license was issuedWednesday from the office of County Clerk Pearce Paton, to James v.'Dalzell, 32, farmer, son of Mr. andMrs. Thomas Dalzell, of Bourboncounty, and Miss Minnie Saunders,37, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. FrankSaunders, of Millersburg.RELIGIOUSA Bsnme of Events In EeligionsCircles For Present andFutnieAUXIER HARWICKMiss Nancy Auxier, of nearJacksonville, this county, and EarlHarwick, of near Carlisle, eloped toVersailles, and were married at thehome of the pastor of the Christianchurch. The bride is a beautifulyoung woman, very accomplished,and one of the most popular youngwomen of the county. She is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. FredAuxier, of Jacksonville, and agranddaughter of Mrs. Annie Letton Paton. The groom is a prosperous young farmer of Nicholascounty.PUBLIC SALEWe will sell at public sale Thursday, November 16, at 2:30 p. m.,for Mrs. D. G. Taylor her vacantlot 62x171, located on Fifteenthstreet.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(10-2t)CALNAN McGRAW.One of the prettiest weddingsof the season was that of MissMary Calnan, daughter of Mrs. Thos.J. Calnan, formerly of Paris, to Mr.John Walter McGraw, son of Mr.land Mrs. Frank McGraw, of Nor-'wood, Ohio. The wedding tookplace Wednesday morning, at St.Andrews' Church, in Avondale, Cincinnati, 0.The bride was beautifully dressedin white satin and Spanish lace,with veil trimmed with orangeblossoms. Her only attendant washer sister, Miss Julia MargaretCalnan, who was becominglygowned in orchid crepe, trimmedwith silver. The bridegroom's bestman was his brother, Mr. RobertMcGraw. The ushers were ThomasCalnan, Elmer Calnan, cousins ofthe bride.A wedding breakfast for fortyguests was served at the bride'shome. Immediately after the sup!per Mr. and Mrs. McGraw left fora honeymoon trip to points of interest in the East.Mr. and Mrs. John Christman,Jr., Mrs. John Christman, Sr., MissLula Christman, Mr. and Mrs. JohnP. Maher and daughter, of Paris,attended the wedding.The following announcementcards have been sent to friends andrelatives of the bride, in this cityand county:"Mrs. Thomas J. Calnan' announces the marriage of herdaughter,Mary JoannatoMr. John Walter McGraw,on Wednesday, November the eighthnineteen hundred and twenty-two,Cincinnati, Ohio.At Homeafter November twenty-second740 East Ridgeway AvenueAvondale."TO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERS OPTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OURFLOUR MILL AND HEMP HOUSEON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOAT OUR 0FEICE BUILDING ONTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OP NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.E. P. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)Eld. ' Newton Shropshire, of. Clintonville, is conducting a successful revival meeting in Lewiscounty.Services Sunday at St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, morning at 10:45,,by the rector, Rev. W. S. Cain.Sunday School at 9:30 a. m. Thepublic is cordially invited to attendthese services.Rev. Louis S. Gaines, of Louisville, formerly pastor of the Baptist church, at Springfield, O., hasbeen extended a call by the congregation of the Paris Baptist church.Rev. Gaines has eaken the call under consideration, but has not yetRev. Gaines has taken the call unaccept the charge.Dr. Thacker's subject for yesterday morning at the Presbyterianchurch was "The Making and Consecration of A Christian," and atthe evening service, "The PerfectOne." Interest in the meeting continues to attend large audiences.Each night cards are signed, eitherconsecrating lives or confessingsins. There have been approximately four hundred and fifty cardssigned to date. The general publicis invited to these services, whichwill continue throughout the week.The song service is an especiallyinteresting feature of the meeting.A large number from the congregation of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, Paris, motored to Winchester yesterday, where they attendedthe Bishop's Day exercises at theEpiscopal church, an event of greatimportance to all the Episcopalchurches in the Bluegrass region.1 The Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6:30. Mr.Roddy, who is assisting Dr. Thackter in the revival, will bring a message to the young people. Everymember is expected to come andIsring someone with them.Mr. Thacker's subjects for to-day are: Morning, "The Secret ofHappiness," evening, "The King andHis Three Best Men." - Dr. Thacker wishes to meet all the men ofthe church after the evening service for a conference with them.At three o'clock in the afternoon.Mrs. May Dixon Thacker will speakon the subject of "God's Creationand Christian Science." As therewill be no services Saturday theseservices are the last week day services of the rivival. The meetingwill come to a close with the Sunday services. The public is cordially invited to enjoy all of theseservices. The services for Sundaywill be at the regular hours. Sun'day School at 9:30 a. m. The goalfor the Sunday School attendanceSunday morning is 225. All themembers of the church are urged toturn out for Sunday school in order to reach this goal. Dr. Thackerwill preach at 10:55 a. "m. Therewill be musical numbers by Mr.Roddy and the quartette at thisservice hour. Dr. Thacker willspeak to a special meeting for menand boys at three o'clock Sundayafternoon. His subject for thathour is "What Constitutes a Fool."The revival will come to a closeSunday night, when Dr. Thackerwill preach at 7:30.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.OWING TO SHORTAGE OP WATER WILL ASK ALL USE OF WATER FOR SPRINKLING BE DISCONTINUED. (7-2t) PARIS WATER CO.0Z"THE BANK OF SERVICE"The Test of CharacterjTThe president of a big corporation gave thisjJthis reason why his company employed salesmen on a commission basis only:jplt's the best testof character we can apply.Jilf a man hasn't saved enough money tocarry himself a month or so he's rarely thekind who can measure up to the opportunitywe offer."Jlf Why not take a fixed amount out of yourjI salary every pay day and put it to work inan interest 'bearing account at this bank?It will then enable you to grasp opportunitywhen it comes.TfPay yourself first it's the sensible thingto do.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - Kentucky ,CAPITAL $2M,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$l5,M0.ftINSTITUTE OP MISSIONS ATPARIS M. E. CHURCHSeveral days ago this questionappeared in THE NEWS columns:"11-13-22 plus 30 equals ?" Theanswer is that on Monday , November 13, 1922, at 7:30 p. m., theopening service of the MissionaryInstitute will be held.The members of the EpworthLeague and of the Young Peoples'Missionary Society have combinedforces, and plan to hold an Institute, instead of the usual MissionStudy classes. Two classes in Mission Study are offered, "India on theMarch" and "The Trend of theRaces." A speaker, who is interested in the work of the youngpeople will address the Instituteeach evening.If you have not yet enrolled, seeMrv Y. H. Harrison, or Miss MaudeTaylor, as soon as you can, and getyour text book.The public is cordially invited toattend these meetings and visiteither of the classes in which youare interested.WOMAN CONGRESSMAN WEILKNOWN HEREThe many Paris friends of Mrs.Luella St. Clair Moss, for a number of years president of HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, were greatlyinterested to learn of her electionto Congress from the Eighth Congressional District of Missouri, inTuesday's election, by a large majority. Mrs. Moss enjoys the uniquedistinction of being the only womanto run for public office in Missourithis year. She won the Democraticnomination last August over twomasculine opponents experienced inthe political arena.Mrs, Moss was president ofHamilton College from 1903 to1909, and resigned to become headof Christian College for Women, inColumbia, Mo., where she has sinceresided. Many Bourbon county girlswho graduated at the institution,while Mrs. Moss was president willbe glad to learn, of her success.REDUCED PRICES ONSWEATERSFOR A FEW DAYS ONLYThis sale embraces our entire stock of sweaters in coats and pullover styles. Shaker-Knit and Jumbo Woven yarns are found inthe newest and brightest color combinations. Come in while selections are good and take advantage of special prices.$1.00 Sweaters 7c-cut to Jb$1.50 Sweaters CI IEcut to 4H.IJ$2.00 Sweaters M cccut to 4 aJ J$2.50 Sweaters T1 QEcut to 4M.UJ$3.00 Sweaters (TO QEcut to JZ.UU$3.50 Sweaters , (0 Ccut to 4)Z.UJ$5.00 Sweaters TQ QCcut to Jj.uJ$6.00 Sweaters tk "IEcut to M.u$6.50 Sweaters CG 1ECUt tO 4)3. I J$7.50 Sweaters &r nrcut to JJ.uJ$8.50 Sweaters &n TCcut to 4K). lu$9.00 Sweaters tl IKcut to 4IJ$10.00 Sweaters (7 ncCUt tO jl.liv$12.50 Sweaters rn QCcut to Ju.UuTHIS SALE FOR CASH ONLYREAL VALUES IN OVERCOATS$15.00 - $18.00 - $20.00 - $22.50 - $25.00Values that will surprise you are shown in Overcoats at the above prices. Splendid all-wool long wearing fabrics are shown in the season's latest styles some halfbelts and some belts all around. Good live colorings and patterns. You are assured of overcoat satisfaction if you will buy from Walsh.R. P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris, Ky.Home Phone. 448 Cumb. Phone 8O6. iMSThis month will be long remembered withthe wonderful sale we are offering on ourentire stock of stoves, having the largestline to select from.Radiant Home$45.00You can help us to make this a month longto be remembered while prices are cut deep.The Hot Blast HeaterWill give you the quick heatand willsave you fuel, ALSOThe Sunray Gas Heaterand the famousNew Process Gas Stoveat "this Big Saving Sale.r.A. F. WHEELER & CO.GREEN, Managerv "" ,"v4. I vrf-r ' '-&ttk,.XFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS Pi&JS, KENTUCKYPAGE FITSPERSONALSSPLENDID ITLM ATTRACTIONSAT GRAND AND ALAMOfc"GIFTS THAT LAST""s"NEW KRAUTComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDont.We have just opened a barrel of Inew kraut. It sure is fine.LOGAN HOWARD.NOTICE TO BOY SCOUTSAll Scouts will report in uniformto Mr. Humphries at "Y" Saturdaymorning by ten o'clock for a "goodturn."F. A. SCOTT, Scoutmaster.TAG DAY TO-MORROWNTo-morrow will be "Tag Day" forthe Bourbon County Health andWelfare League. Buy a tag and helpsome poor, deserving person in thecity and county. The funds derived from the tags will be used forthat purpose.REMEMBER THE DATEDon't forget that Circle No. 2 ofthe Presbyterian church has claimed Saturday, November 25, as thedate on which they will conduct asale of handmade pillow cases andattractive aprons, in the offices ofthe Paris Realty Co., on Mainstreet. Keep the place and datewell in mind.BOX SUPPER TO-NIGHTGitizens of Paris are extended aepecial invitation to attend the boxsupper to be given to-night, in theClav's Cross Roads School, near JParis. The supper is to be con- 01d Masons Home.flnPtPfl inintlv hv the Houston Miss Fannie Williams has reThe nicest courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits mentioned in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends isto let them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give us an item of anykind. Telephone it to No.124.Mrs. Charles A. McMillan wasa guest of friends in Nicholasvillethis week. 'Mrs. John J. Connell is visiting his sister, Mrs. Dan Drennan,in Mayslick.Harry O'Brien, of New York,is visiting his brother, James M.O'Brien, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Jo Varden and'Oscar T. Hinton were in CincinnatiTuesday on a business mission.Barbour West has returned tohis home in Paris after a visit tofriends and relatives in Flemingsburg. James M. Hukill, who has beenaway for several months with hisstring of racers, returned to ParisTuesday night.M. H. H. Davis was in Shelbyville, Tuesday, to attend a meetingof the Board of Directors of theSchool and the Clay's Cross RoadsSchools, for their mutual benefit.Cakes, pies and filled boxes will beoffered for sale at auction. Comeout and enjoy yourself.WHEN WINTER COMESYour underwear will largelysolve the problem of comfort, especially if it is Vassar Union Suits.All weights, all styles, all prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PIANOSSteinkamp and other high gradePianos, Players and Talking Machines, Music Rolls and Record.Cash or easy terms may be arranged. Tuning and repairing a specialty. J. H. TEMPLBMAN PIANO CO.226 Main St., Upstairs, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 201.(tf-F)oNOTICE TO EX-SERVICE MENAll former service men in Bourbon county, soldiers, sailors andmarines, whether members of theAmerican Legion or not, are urgedto assemble at the Paris CitySchool, on Seventh street, at 9:30o'clock to-morrow (Saturday)morning, in uniform if possible, orin civilian clothes, to take part inthe parade and dedication exercisesfor the Memorial Building. It isthe desire of Bourbon Post to havethe largest turnout of former service men ever assembled in Bourbon county.oMRS. THACKER TO SPEAK ON"CHRISTIAN SCIENCE"Mrs. May Dixon Thacker, whodelighted a great crowd Sunday afternoon with her lecture, "The Human Touch," will give her lectureon Christian Science Friday afternoon at the Presbyterian church atthree o'clock. Mrs. Thacker studied?Christian Science at one time. Shetells in a straightforward, simpleway her experience. By those whohave heard this lecture it has beenpronounced the best that they haveever heard, especially dealing withthat subject. The public is invited to attend this lecture.oTO TURKEY RAISERSWE WILL BE BUYERS OPTURKEYS THIS SEASON ANDWILL BEGIN RECEIVING AT OURPLOUR MILL AND HEMP HOUSEON SOUTH MAIN STREET ALSOAT OUR OPPICE BUILDING ONTHIRD AND PLEASANT, MONDAY. THE 13 OF NOVEMBER.WE WILL PAY THE HIGHESTMARKET PRICE.E. F. SPEARS & SONS.(nov7-tf)turned to her home in this city froma visit to her sister, Mrs. James L.Lisle, in Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Forsythe Buckner and babe, of Paris,were guests recently of friends andrelatives in Winchester.Mrs. Clyde Keller is the guestof her husband, who is employedin the offices of the Chesapeake &Ohio railroad, at Ashland.Dr. F. M. Faries, who was takensuddenly ill with acute indigestionTuesday was reported yesterday asbeing considerably improved.Mrs. Carl Crawford, who recently underwent an operation forremoval of tonsils at the MassieMemorial Hospital, is reported asimproving.Miss Rebecca Purnell had asguest Monday her former schoolmate, Miss Jane Girdler, of Woodlawn, Pa., who is a student atMargaret College, in Versailles.George D. Speakes, of the realestate firm of Harris, Speakes &Harris, was in Englewood, Tenn.,this week, where he conducted a sale of twelve hundred acresof land.Superintendent J. A. Morrison,of the L. & N., accompanied by Mrs.Morrison and children, have returned from a motor trip to Birmingham, Ala., where they visited relatives. Mrs. N. W. Smith, who hasbeen visiting relatives in KansasCity, stopped over in Paris, enroute to her home in Morristown,Tenn., for a short visit to herdaughter, Mrs. I. W. Bush, onHouston avenue.Squire L. J. Fretwell, who isvery ill at the residence of hisdaughter, Mrs. J. T. Brown, onEast Eighth street, does not showsigns of very marked improvementand his condition causes great anxiety to relatives and friends.The following from Paris motored to Georgetown, to hear Rev.C. H. Greer, former pastor of t theParis Methodist church, now Presiding Elder of this district, makean address at the Methodist church:'Dr. and Mrs. P. S. Mohney, Mr. andMrs. John Kiser, Mr. and Mrs. 'S.T. Chipley, Mrs. Robert Mclntyre,Mrs. Grant Galloway, Finnell Galloway, Mrs. O. B. Wilson, .MissesLucile Chipley and Ida LeeWheeler.(Other Personals on Page 3)oDON'T PUT IT OFFFew pictures have revealed themanner in which restless and complaining patients in sanatoriumsare diplomatically treated betterthan "A Voice In The Dark," aGoldwin mystery film, which comesto the Alamo and Grand Friday afternoon and night. One striking instance may be cited: An elderlywoman cripple constantly complaining of her inability to sleep is relieved immediately by carefullymeasured doses of plain water andsugar. She saw the doctor writeout the prescription, so she knewshe was getting medicine.While many stars and directorshave been bewailing the lack ofstories suitable for the screen,Sessue Hayakawa, noted JapaneseAmerican star, stepped right outand wrote one for himself. Notonly did he write it, but he playedthe star part and made of "TheSwamp" one of the brilliant productions of the season. It will be'screened at the Alamo and Grandthis (Friday) afternoon and night.Bert Lytell in "The Right ThatFailed," a Bayard Veiller production for Metro, will be seen asthe motion picture feature of theprogram at the Alamo and GrandSaturday afternoon and night. Thenew picture, adapted for the screenby Lenore Coffee from a SaturdayEvening Post story by J. P. Marquand, deals with a "highbrow"prize fighter who pays court to asociety girl, concealing from her aknowledge of his profession because of her caste prejudice againstit.When a man steals another man'swife, that is grand larceny. "GrandLarceny" comes to the local theatres Monday, featuring an all-starcast of Goldwin players, includingElliott Dexter. The story tells of ayoung wife whose husband has endowned every luxury upon her,and who adores her. He is a youngattorney who believes in justice,and when he finds his pretty,dashing, glorious looking wife in acompromising position, he takes immediate action to impose "justice"upon the intruder of his domesticaffairs.TAXPAYERS NOTICEOur line of Christmas Greetingcards is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold out.Come in, we will be' glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.TO AVOID ERRORS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES FOR OUR CUSTOMERS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRUCTED TO DO SO.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.PEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANK ANDTRUST CO.,BOURBON -AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)MOTOR OFFICER KILLEDMrs. Richard Moore, of Paris, received a telegram yesterday fromHamilton, Ohio, telling of the deaththere of Emery C. Farmer, -agedtwenty-six, formerly of Paris, whomarried her niece.Mr. Farmer was a member of themotorcycle police in Hamilton andhad been assigned to duty on theDixie Highway. While chasingdown a speeding autoist, Farmer'smachine swerved suddenly, throwing him to the ground, killing himinstantly. The spedmotor on hismotorcycle registered 59 miles anhour. Coroner Cook, of Hamilton,will conduct an investigation.FOR RENTThree unfurnished rooms andpantry, on first floor; gas for lightand heating; immediate possession.Call 'Cumberland Phone 536.mrs. lee McMillan,(lt( 347 Second St.FOUNDAt the Western High School, agold ring. Owner can obtain sameby proving property and paying allcharges..COMMUNITY HOUSE REST ROOMThe Rest Room in the MemorialBuilding at the corner of Broadwayand High for the use of the women of the county, where they maywait for their husbands and meettheir friends, will be opened tomorrow. There will be a privateentrance on High street. The ParisCommercial Club and the merchants of Paris, in connection withthe Rest Room and the CommunityService, will maintain from now onTRAVELERS MUST DETOUROn account of a new floor beinglaid on the bridge spanning Hinkston Creek, near the city limits ofMillersburg, travelers on the Lexington, Paris and Maysville road,have to detour by way of the Colville pike.o fCATTLE BRING GOOD PRICEPUBLIC SALEWe have listed for public saleNovember 16, at 2:30 p. m., forMrs. D. G. Taylor, a vacant lot61171 feet on Fifteenth street.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(10-2t)Bourbon county still furnishessome of s the finest cattle in theworld, which are conlmanding record prices, as evidenced in recentsales in the county. Catesby Woodford sold Tuesday to Jonas Weil, ofLexington, fifty-four head of fatCl Vice, Will UlcLlUKllu nuui w. j w . -until Christmas a free parcel check ' cattle, weighing from 1,450 to 1,room for the convenience of shop-1500 pounds, at $10.00 per hundredpers, with checks, and a reliable ' pounds. The cattle are for delivperson in charge. Packages can be ery December 1. Stockmen say thissent there from all stores, so that Is the highest price paid thisv yearshoppers need make-only one call, rlor fat cattle in Bourbon county.Visit Our StoreWhen in Need of Ladies',Misses' and Children'sCOATSSpecial Bargain Week Prices.See and Save atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreGHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS. KY. . "" VTHERE IS NO ESCAPEFrom the Cold Wintry DaysThat are Bound to Come!The thing to do then is to prepare forthem. We are contributing our bitby selling our Suits, Overcoats, Underwear and other accessories at thelowest prices possible (which meansthat they are competition proof).SUITS AND OVERCOATS$15.00-$18.00- $20.00$22.50-$24.50-$29.50Remarkable ValuesIT'S OUR TREAT to the MOVIESLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street, Paris, Ky. ."SAVE AND SMILE"Blanketsand ComfortsWe are showing a verycomplete new line ofWool and Cotton Blankets and Comforts linedwith wool and laminatedcotton.We will be pleased toshow you.The prices are very attractive.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motor Invalid Coach UndertaMnc-r "T f? . I- 4t Jt-tv kV6fcxtfTHE BOURBON NEVf PARIS, KENTUCKY-rU ))"" ' ' ' PFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1522i "' "!!ii1'ahu:nMIM.nu' ,'I. !ImjmillfiiftIBt!Vf wfy. inv'418eiMJ1IIO"CASCARETS'-CONSHPATIONClean Your Bowels! Stop. Sick Headache, Dizziness,Colds, Sour Stomach, Gases, Bad BreathClean your bowels then feelfine!Enjoy the nicest, gentlest bowelcleansing you ever experienced bytaking one or two candy-like Cascarets to-night. They physic yourbowels fully. All the constipatedwaste and sour bile will move outof the bowels without griping orstirring you up. There will be noOCTOBER HONOR BOLL PARISCITY SCHOOLSIn this issue THE NEWS presents the Honor Roll of the ParisCity Schools for the past month,Trhich includes the names of allstudents who have made a satisfactory showing in their studies at theschool. A new system of grading isnow in use, by which the studentsare given marks of B, which meansa mark of ninety to ninety-five, andA from ninety-five to one hundred,letter perfect. For a student of theschool to have his or her name onthe Honor Roll is a testimonial totheir faithfulness and application,and is something that is duly appreciated by the teacher or teacherswho have had them in their care.Teachers of the P. H. S. are striving earnestly to simulate interestin the Honor Roll among the students and parents. There isn't abetter managed school in the State,and no school in the State has amore efficient faculty than Paris,and the students must realize thatwhen their names appear on theHonor Roll it is at once a testimonial to their teachers' ability andto their own capacity for receivingand applying the methods and theories of study used in the school.GRADE I.Bessie Long Ardery, A.Earl Case, A.Wolford Ewalt, B.Jack Gaitskill, B.Virginia Hill, B.Kate Mann, A.Ruby Moreland, B.William Morris, B.Frances Redmon, A.Margaret Snapp, B. JjCharles Whalen, B.Elizabeth Cain, A.Henrietta Bedford, A.Eugene Crowder, B.Blanche Griffin, A.James Goodman, B.Jerome Isaacs, B.Eva Mjngu, B.Frank Mitchell, B.Jane Pogue, A.Bella May Snapp, B.Mary Worthington, B.Reynolds Watkins, A.Stanley Westfall, B.MISS LILLE ST ON. 'GRADE ISallie Blankenship, A.Josephine B. Hume, B.Lucile Prather, B.Christine Marshall, A.Virginia L. Roberts, B.Geneva Flora, B.Mildred Hall, B.Nell Franklin, B.FOOLISH TO LETHAIRFALL OUT35c "Danderine" Saves YourHair Ends Dandruff!Delightful TonicQuick! Don't wait! Every bald headstarted with just a few falling hairand a little dandruff but soon thehair appeared thin, scraggly, and thenthe dreaded bald spot. It seems a sinto let hair fall out or tolerate destructive dandruff when you can quicklycorrect all such hair trouble with abottle of deligh'tful Danderine.Millions of men and women know themagic of Danderine; how it correctsoily, dandruffy, itching scalps andhelps the hair to grow long, thick,stroBg and luxuriant. Danderine isnot sticky or greaiy. It is the largestseDfag feair corrective and tonic in thewrli Because it k not a humbug! Getbottle at any drufityvbowel poison to cause colds, sickheadache, dizziness, biliousness orsour stomach when you wake up inthe morning. More men, womenand children take Cascarets for theJiver and bowels than all otherlaxative-cathartics combined. 10cent boxes, also 25 and 50 cent sizes.Any drugstore.(adv-F)William Rees, B.David Kennedy, B.M. B. Layton, B.Russell Dickey, B.Raymond Ritchie, B.Harrison Rankin, B.Milford Gilvin. B.Eddie Lee Rowe, B.James McCord, B.Merle Carter, B.Allen Rowland, B.MISS LAYTON.GRADE I.Howard Blake, B.Clay Briggs, A.Robert DeJarnett, B.Dorothy Dotson, B.Howard Dray, B.Roy DeWitt, A.Willis Eads, B. . .-Lottie Ferguson, B.Frances Himes, B. -Margaret Lester, A. ,Margaret Honaker, B. .Kenneth Myers, A.Arvilda Maines, A.Jane Martin, B.Maurice Patterson, B.George Phillips, B.Ethel Taylor, B.Henry Taylor, A.Stella Taylor, A.MRS. HARRIS.GRADE II.James Fitzgerald, B.Agnes Sousley, B.Edith Hudson, A.Martha Ellen Gifford, A.Helen Kiser. A.Martha Bruce Williams, A.Nathalie Linville, A.Billie Blake, A.Nancy Crockett, A.Anna Katherine Neal, A.Herbert Cain, A.Jean Allen, B.Joseph Collins, B.Charles Stillwell, B.Nannie Joe Worthington, B.Hiram Elwood Redmon, B.Julia Katherine Pogue, B.Wallace Wilson, B.Jack Nickerson, B.Martha Chandler. B.Charles Meng, B.MISS TALBOTT.GRADE II.Philip Morton, A.Anna Frances Graham, B.Archie English, B.Jim Will Higgins, B.Walker Bush, B.James Eads, B.Raymond Weigott, B.Ruby Hurt, B.Don Browning, B., MISS JOHNSTONE.GRADE II.Elizabeth Bell, A.Betty May, A.Herman Stern, A.'Hugh Brent, A.Dorcas Levy, A. NRobert Gardner, A.Margaret Bohn, A.Mamie Lowe, B.Helen Farmer, B.Franklin Dryden, B.Leon Bowling, B.Mattie May Sexton, B.Lela Wilson, B.W. C. McCracken, B.Anna Estill Grinnell, B.Susan Hinkle, B.J. J. Parrent, B.MISS WHALEY.GRADE III.Naomi Isgrig, A.Mildred Varden, A.Ann Duke Woodford, A.Raymond Terry, B. .Elmeta Taylor, B.John Smits, B.Gladys Rion, B.Virillious Quisenberry, B.Irma Parker, B.Marion Powell, B.Ethel Morris, B.Karl Lusk, B.Mary Lou Hume, B.Beatrice Eaton, B.Carolyn Bush, B.Margaret Mastin, B.MISS BESS PURNELL.GRADE III.Frank Dray, A.Blanche Friedman, A.Norman Violett B.Aleta Layton, B..Marjorie Biddle ,B. ""Morabelle Harney, B.Hermina vDray, B.Anne Cldy Hinkle, B.Buckner Hinkle, B. 7-Mildred Snell, Ba.James M. White, B.Claude W. Hardin, B.Hazel Farris, B.Gilbert De Witt, B.MRS. STONE.GRADE III.Margaret Sprake, B, 90.Esther Briggs, B. 90.Richard Florence, B, 93.MRS. BRIGGS.GRADE IV.Nell Arnold, B.John Childres, B.Frances Collier, B.Katherine Dryden, B.James Ford, B.Jack Helburn, B.Nancy Kiser, B.Elizabeth Mastin, B.Hazel Powell, B.Jack Spratt, B.Elizabeth Soper, B.Amos Taylor, B.Delia Thomas, B.M. K. TAYLOR.GRADE IV.Dorothy Fenwick, B.Luther Violet, B.Lillian Dale, B.Ruth Parrent, B. "",Naomi Hutchison, B.Cricton Conner, B.Ruth Watson, B.Elizabeth Greene, B. ,Dessie Worthington, B.Frances Margolen, B.Mary T. Faulkner, B.Walter Cain, B.Naomi Cavanaugh, B.Parker Wornall, B. rRuth Harper, B.Thomas Reffett, B. " jGeorge Swearinger, B.Pauline Douglas, B.Dorothy Mae Biddle, A.J. Davis Haggard, A.Lucy Jean Anderson, A.Edna Lee Evans, A.John L. Davis, A.CLAIRE BRANNON.GRADE IV., A. C. Adair, B.Logan Allen, B.Ophal Brooking, A.Ernestine Eads, B.Ruth Hyatt, B.Elmeta King, A.Julian McCord, B.Rena Rankin, B.Margaret Thompson, B.Kathryn Williams, A.MISS CLARK.GRADE V.Ben Bedford, A.Virginia Smelser, A.Edna Sousley, A.Isabel Isgrigg, B.Thomas Bratton, B.Elmer Curtis, B. 'James Wilson, B.Dorothy Lilleston, B.Billy Baldwin, B.Josephine Ardery, B.Geneivie Dockenbrode, B.MISS FISHBACK.GRADE V.Grace Arnold, B.John Allen, B.John Craycraft, B.Gladys Davis. B.Irvine Ewalt, B.Pearlie Mae Faulk, B.Estelle Florence, B.Edgar Gardner, B.Sallie Moreland, B.Virginia Thomas, B.MISS RICE.GRADE VI.William Ardery, B.Hazel Bryan, B.Hazel Buchanan, A. ,Ned Brent, A. 'Prentice Burton, A.Louis Elvove, A.Harry Lancaster, A.Josephine McCord, B.Dorothy McCord, A.Douglas Parrish, B.Daisy Prather, B.Clarence Rankin, B.Eva Roberts, B.Anna Kathryn Savage, A. ,Maud Sheller, B.Elon Tucker, B.Buckner Woodford, B.MISS AGNES PURNELL.GRADE VI.Richard Butler, A.Virgil Gaitskill, B.Elizabeth Hinton, B.Blly Kenney, B.Vivian Landis, A.Lucy Maxey, B.Catherine McNamara, B.Bayless Morrison, B.Lawrence Mullins, B.Bonnie Lee Perkins, B.Carolyn Reading, B.Sidney Redmon, B.Edna Earl Rummans, B.Katie Lee Sanders, B.Mary Forman Varden. B.MISS FERRELL.GRADE VIIVivian Smith, A.Martha Hall, A.' Mary Isgrig. A.Eleanor Swearinger, A.Elizabeth Whitley, A.Horace Bacon, B,.Thenosha McCord, B.Gladys Quinn, B.Jerrell Farrell, B.JOHN SHAW.GRADE .Vn.John Bower, B.Coleman Burns, B.Franklin Carter, B.Gladys Craycraft, A.Lillian Craycraft, B.James Case, B.Elizabeth Douglas, A.Ella Faulk, B.Sallie Gordon, B.Nina' Gay Hollar, B.Frances Hill, B.Katie Irvine, A.Bessie Mattox, B.Florence McCarty, B.William Marshall, B.ROY S. PEPPER.GRADE VIII.Jane Clay Kenney, 94.James Wilmoth, 92.John Dryden, 90.Thomas McCray, 90. 'MISS AMMERMAN.FRESHMAN IB.No one on Honor Roll.LUCILE HARBOLD.FRESHMAN 2B.Kady Elvove, A.Bryan Redmon, A.Susan Howard, A.Jessie Irvine, B. (Charles Cook, B.ZERELDA NOLAN.FRESHMAN A.Mary Spears, A.MARY LOUISE LILLARD.SOPHOMORE IB.Gertrude Smelser, B.REBA M. LOCKHART.SOPHMORE 2B.Dorothy Pepper, A.NATA LEE WOODRUFF.KOFHOMUKJU A.No one on Honor Roll.NELL ROBBINS.JUNIOR CLASSHelen Connell, A.Ruth Woodward, B.Martha Connell, B.Ethel Shanklin, B.Georgia Adams, B.F. A. SCOTT.SENIOR CLASS.Edgar Hill, A.Elizabeth Weathers, B.Yutaki Minochuchj, B.Leslie Smith, B.FRANCES BUTLER.Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES(Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Rmgworm.Tetter or other itching skin diseases. Try thUtreatment at our risk.VAHDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.DrWaddcll'sPile RemedyDon't Suffer Don't be OperatedMi tmtil you have tried Dr. Waddell'aPile Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guarmteed to give absolute satisfaction orsVMoey refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourIrwggist If not write us.edicmeCo.feOroVfcKy.TheSeven-PassengerF. O. B. DetroitTen Body TypesyV Vt ! f' ' 'J. inlhfi i ii TTV itiSmtJSmimAsSmtmmJJiiITw Jim ILmlnt Hi BliinR! HHt 1 n LV jHriSHHBaa!ilMMBMBBBBBBIBBBBJJA mw& MBBBfcBMssssssisissssssMzSMtli'Pill1- IW 'w SedanI $4900'1't VMMi Iffll Ij J J11 mMl ;- -n Ykrin !! wmm ii warn n ii i slisU Ml i M !Lots for YourMoney Brands"Should Not Tempt You UseCALUMETThe Economy elKfVS POWDERThat's What Millionsof Housewives DoW JJ,T MADE BY A TRUSTX Jk CONTENTS IIJV MeIakino powo ltn " n ri ii ' ,BEST BY TESTVTHE WORLD'S GREATEST BAKING POWDERWW"Louisville & Nashville RailroadCHANGE IN TIMEEFFECTIVE NOV. 13, 1922For detailed information apply to local ticket agentLEVYThe Dry Cleanerm IS EQUIPPED TOOF DRY?GET YOUR BULBS NOW!We are displaying the most comrlete assortment wehave ever had. The same high grade we use for ourown cut flower growing. Don't fail to investigate tefore buying.JOHN CHRISTMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near MainLINCOLNGet Behind the WheelThe ease of mind and sense of security indriving a Lincoln endures from the minuteyou open the throttle until you are backfrom the trip.The 8'cylinder motor cylinder blocks set atan included angle of 6o, the refinements ofwhich show the greatest engineeringskill inthe motor car industry, gives to the Lincoln,without qualification, the finest automobilepower plant ever developed.RUGGLESThey know thatGood Baking Powdercan't be sold for lessthat "more for the money" means bake-day failures, waste of time andmoney that Calumetmeans economy.The sales of Calumet areover 150 greater thanthat of any other baking powder.DO THE RIGHT KINDCLEANING?Both Phcr.es177mI 'ij7IIIIsM xHil lHi a!HflHfKsw ' f vFfT'T111 I"il-..!j- jr -S" jrJRIDAY, SBPTJBMBBfl ,10,-.;1922THE JSQURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYAG SIvjnr i- 5 IGIVES TOBACCO CEOPABLE EEPOETFAyOB-Your DruggistRecommends Tanlacbecause it hat demonstrated its true worthover a long period of years.He has sold it to thousands of satisfied customers and has seen them regain their normalhealth and strength by its use.He knows that as a stomach corrective andgeneral tonic medicine it has no equal.Over 30,000.000 bottles of Tanlac harebeen sold, which is still more conclusiveevidence to him and to you of its unparalleled meritTANLACGreatest tonic medicine in the worldDEMING PURCHASES SOUTHERNSCH00L0 JOURNAL0. D. Deming, of Mt. Olivet,Robertson county, has bought theSouthern School Journal from R. S.Tubank and will take charge of thepublication immediately. Mr. Eubank will retire from the firm, butMiss Mattie Dalton. associated editor, will continue in a literary capacity. Mr. Deming has for the past sevenor eight months been connectedwith the Kentucky School News atPeople for Whom the Best Is None-Too GoodAre always the most enthusiasticconcerning the excellence of ourDry Cleaning andDyeingWe have one of the most efficientRemodeling Departmentsin the country. Furs transformedinto the mode very quickly. Men'sand women's garments altered inany way desired."We dye fur skins and remodel themin any way.We tailor make men's or ladies'suits, $50.00 up. latest styles.We pay $2.50 railroad fare on everycustom-made suit ordered from us.Send goods parcel post. We haveno agents.THE TEASDALE CO.625-627 Walnut Street,Cincinnati, Ohio.nov3-10-17-24)Frankfort and was formerly ateacher in Campbell county. Previously Mr. Deming was connectedwith a western newspaper.The Southern School Journal under the new management will cooperate with the State departmentof education for the betterment ofschool conditions.PUT STOMACH INORDER AT ONCE'-Tape's Diapepsin" forGas, Indigestion orSour StomachtllllInstantly! Stomach corrected!You never feel the slightest distress(The Business Review)From Kentucky, where the principal crop is tobacco, we get a veryfavorable report.The principal item of interestjust at this time is that the BurleyTobacco Growers' Co-operative Association has just made a sale ofabout 54 million pounds of tobaccoto one of the large manufacturers.This is said to bevthe largest saleto a single firm in the history ofthe industry. It is understood thatthis practically cleans up the holdings of the Association and leaves itin splendid shape to handle the oncoming crop. This sale will bringthe time of the final payment to thegrowers for the 1921 crop muchnearer and this no doubt willstrengthen the agricultural situation in this territory materially aswell as to offer some stimulus tobusiness in other lines. Information regarding the prices obtainedfor the tobacco included in the salehas not been given out, but it isstated that it was sold on the basisof the Association grades and prices,so the prices, no doubt, will befound to be satisfactory.The Burley crop of 1922 is going to be smaller than anticipatedearlier in the season because of thedry summer, and on that account,the coming crop no doubt willbring favorable prices.The Burley Association now hasapproximately 70 thousand members as compared to about 55 thousand last year, showing that a largenumber of additional members havebeen obtained this year. The saleof the tobacco held by the Association will, no doubt, mean that othergrowers will be encouraged to become members. The organizationdrive for a similar association inthe dark district of Western Kentucky will be continued until October 28, and there does not seem tobe any doubt but that more thanthe required sign-up will be " obtained by that date.DYE FADED WRAPSKIRT, DRESS, INDIAMOND DYESEach package of "Diamond Dyes"contains directions so simple anywoman can dye or tint her oldworn, faded things new. Even ifshe has never dyed before, she canput a rich, fadeless color intoshabby skirts, dresses, waists, coats,stockings, sweaters, coverings, draperies, hangings, everything. BuyDiamond Dyes no other kind thenperfect home dyeing is guaranteed.Just tell your druggist whether thematerial you wish to dye is wool orfrom indigestion or a sour, acid, ;siik, or whether it is linen, cotton,gassy stomach, after you eat a tablet of 'Tape's Diapepsin." The moment it reaches the stomach allsourness, flatulence, heartburn,gases, palpitation and pain disappear. Druggists guarantee each;pacKage to correct . digestionor mixed goods. Diamond Dyesnever streak, spot, fade or run.oNOW IS THE BEST TIMEonce. End your stomach troublefor few cents.(adv-F)oWoman ?nd "Art.".The average person's idea of art,"says Welmer, "is a woman with oclothes on." But the first artful woman put clothes on herself. -VlrglmUPilot.Now is the best time to selectat Christmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. We havethe finest line of samples to be hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DETAINMENT.oWhen they look at men who aresaid xo have "horse sense," horsesfrequently give up all hope.Aif vriii atfinncfthese thousands?HOUSANDS of people keep 'on the food that enriches the blood, andtrvin2. vear after vear, to build v builds sound, healthy bodies.health from food that has been robbedof certain elements required for per- Grape-Nuts is made from wholefeet nutrition. . wheat flour and malted barley baked, for 20 hours, which develops the nat-If your food doesn't contain the uraj rjcnness 0f the grains and makesmineral properties that go to build up or . digestibility.Tipr-vf. tnnth and bone structure, there..,.. . W, .wT3iis no other means by which you can getthese vital elements.This is one reason why so manywell-informed people eat Grape-NutsAnd Grape-Nuts is perfectly deliciousserved with milk or cream, ormade into an appetizing pudding fordinner.v.Get a package of Grape-Nuts from your grocertoday, and give the family a help to health.Grape Nutsthe Body Builder-total Company J.W-A-Postum Cereal Co. , Inc.Battle Creek. Mich.KiSTftKWi5saggssaffiSSSMlKsawtotQWD 0NTONI MmXATHKALSundaySchoolT Lesson f(By RBV. P. M. F1TZWATXH, 1. DTMcher of SnjrUak Bible la Uw Mo4yBlbl .InatituU -of Chic.)Copyright, lfil. Wtern Nw9vr TJal.m.LESSON FOR NOVEMBER 12JESUS THE GREAT TEACHERLESSON TEXT Luk 8:20-4.GOLDEN TBXT-As ye wouUUh&t wenshould dp to you, do y also to themlikewise. Luke 6:31.REFERENCE MATERIAL-Matt Sills; John 3:2; $M; 7:46; Col. 2:3.PRIMARY TOPIC-Jesus Teachinr Usto Love Everybody.JUNIOR TOPIC-LlvinV by tho GoldenRule.INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICe G010 'Rule in Everyday .Life.YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPIC-Jesus Teaching Us How to Live Together. I. Characterises of the 8ubJtcUof the Kingdom (vv. 20-26).Only those rho are subjects of theKingdom kn,ow what blessedness is.The spiritual experience of the subjects of the Kingdom are marked bythe following steps:1. Poverty of Spirit (v. 20). Thismeans consciousness of one's lost condition and worthlessness. It is spiritual bankruptcy. It means to cometo the end of self and to show sorrowfor sins.2. Hunger for Righteousness (v. 21).The one who has come to know hispoverty desires the true righteousnessof Christ.3. Weeping Because of His Lack (v.21). This is the godly sorrow whichworketh repentance (II Cor. 7:10).Those who thus sorrow are assuredthat they shall laugh.4. Treatment Which the Subjectsof the Kingdom May Expect (vv. 22,23). When the subjects of the Kingdom become like the King they incitethe hatred, 'contempt and persecutionof the world. Those who pass throughthis for Christ's sake should rejoice,for there is great reward laid up forthem.II. The Governing Principles of theKingdom (vv. 27-38).1. Love Your Enemies (v. 27). Tolove friends is easy, but to love enemies is only possible to those whohave been made partakers -of the divine nature.2. Do Good to Those Who HateYou (v. 27). Love actjs according toits own nature. Enmity only stimulates love to act in harmony with itsown laws.3. Bless Them That Curse You (v.28). Injury by words is hard to letgo unchallenged.4. Pray for Them Which Despitefully Use You(v. 28). Christ's ownexample is the best commentary onthis precept (Luke 23:24; cf. Acts7:60).5. Patiently Endure Wrong and Injury (v. 29). The Christian is not tobristle up in defense of his rights, Mitrather to suffer insult, injury and evenloss. This should not be pressed sofar that evildoers can go unchecked.It expresses the law which should govern individual action.6. Give to Every One That Asketh(v. 30). This does not necessarilymean that the thing asked for shouldbe given. We should give to everyone that asketh, but not necessarilythe thing asked for.7. Do as Tou Wish to Be Done By(v. 31). This Is called the GoldenRule." If men were to live by thisrule the labor problem would besolved. An end Twoutd be j?ut to war.International relations would be peacefully adjusted and all profiteering inbusiness would end.8. .Be .Merciful (r. 38). The mercyof the Heavenly Father ia the grandexample.'9. Ceosorious Judgment Condemned(v. 37). We should not seek' out theevil In others for our satisfaction.10. Danger of Following False Teachers (v. 39). The one who does notknow God and the way to heaven willlead others to ruin. Happily, we havethe Scriptures, and the Holy Spirit isready to make their meaning known,so there is no excuse.11. Those Who Reprove OthersShould Strive to Live Blameless Lives(vv. 31-46). It Is easy to see others'faults, but hard to see our own.12. The Sin of Profession WithoutFruits (v. 46). The one who professesa life and fellowship with God shouldpractice the principles which revealthe nature of God.III. The Judgment to Be Appliedto the Subjects of the Kingdom (vv.47-49).1. The one who hears and does thesayings of Christ the King shall be assecure as the house built upon thesolid rock. The storms of the judgment cannot destroy him, for the Rockof Ages is immovable.2. The one who hears and does notthe sayings of Christ shall be overwhelmed in the judgment and go downto utter ruin and destruction.&in inrThe Dangerous Lie.Every lie, great or small, is thebrink of a precipice, the depth ofwhich nothing but omniscience canfathom. C. Reade.Fright.A timid person is frightened beforea danger; a coward during the time;and a courageous person afterward.RIchter.The Christian.A Christian is God Almighty's fSbtleman.--J.C. Hare- (FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYt.r .WE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve youcourteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods ofour scientific profession.a,"-' .HC?-BlDOWN AGAIN&)?'THE ITNCVERSAL CARLowest F. O. B. Prices in theHistory of the CompanyChassis $235.00Runabout, regular r. $269.00Touring, regular $298.00Truck Chassis $360.00Coupe $53,QQQTwo-Door Sedan . $595.00Is. O. B. DetroitStiurter repinSj$7Q.OO; DemounUbles 925.00, nfterurapplitdionjopen itypei. Closed types ire priced withStarter and Demountables."RUGCiLES1xwMxwmxMmxwmxii Bourbon LaundryXIXIXIXIX1XNXIXIXnKBDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fffh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliances Iand expert helpers we are jfprepared to do work infe-nor xo none, ana solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundrjrParis, KentuckyBourbonNews Advertisers Get ResultsA ?-i:I- -t'?r J?- u!VIj'PAGI HGHT-'""T--' ii'i i'fi'i i pn wmmFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, lfJfTHE BOURBON NEW5J PARIS, KENTUCKYt-fMILLERSBURGfarteroting Hews Items From Bour-bon County's College TownMiss Miranda Williams, of Ewing'is the guest of Miss HattieWood.Mr. S. M. Allen, who has beenil for several days, is reportedTnuch better.Mrs. G. W. Judy has returned"from a few days' visit with Dr. and'Mrs. G. Judy, in Lexington.Miss Lilfie Boulden, guest of'-relatives here, left Tuesday for aTisi't with relatives in Lexington.' Mrs. Richard Hopper, guest oflie'r sister, Mrs. John C. Leer, hasreturned to her home at Mayslick.The Women's Auxiliary and"the Young People's Society, of the"Methodist church, have observedthe week of prayer.If you want good bread get asack of Crown Jewel Flour from R.L ' Powell, the leading Millersburggrocer. Both pliones 91.': "'('10-9 1)Mrs. M. Powell received a letter' from' "her sister, Mrs. GeorgeHiI17"at Fullerton, Cali., saying Mr."Hill "had met with a serious accident "caused by an explosion of-muriatic acid he was using in aboiler? Both -eyes were badly burined. Itis Reared the sight of both eyes' isaffected. Mr. and Mrs. Hill areformer residents of Millersburg.-3pTae . following announcements"'have been received by relatives and"friends: ',..,;-.Mr. andMrs.. .Charles B. Laysonvcanho,unc.e. the, "inarriage of their.daughter., . .... Levina Letton.t0Dr. James. Frances Owenvon h3Ionday, the sixth of NovemberLexington Ky.At Home'6204 Marmaduke StreetSt. Louis, Mo.Hon. Helm Bruce, of Louisville., will deliver an address at theMethodist church, at seven o'clockSunday evening, on the subject,DudleyA; Averitt Bartlett, B;Hollar, B; Emma Ford, B.Teacher Nannie D. Clarke.GRADE II.William V. Burris, B; BillieBrown, B; Clyde Hill, B; JesseHurst, B; Todd Hill, B; Carl Mas'tin, B; Eddie Reynolds, B; RoySloop, B; Thurman Saunders, B;Ida May Dwelly, B; Bertha Grimes,B; Mary Belle Henson, B; Josie"Hill, B; Mary Dennis, B; RuthRiggs, B.' Teacher Mrs. Mary S. Boston.GRADE III.Mary Reed, B; Beatrice Feeback,B; Elizabeth Calhoun, A; JamesClarke, A; James Barton, B.v Teacher Miss Sallie Squires.GRADE IV.Mary Alice Wells, B; Miriam"Hunt Lancaster, A; Joe Grimes, A;Stanley Feeback, A; Wilsalyne Ecklar, B; Elizabeth Hill, B.Teacher Miss Sallie Squires.GRADE IVNellie Shay, A; Lucille Dunn, A;Alberta Case, B; Ivan Dennis, B;William Crouch, B; Louise Stone,B; Cecil Linville, B; Walter Robertson, B; William Case, B; ElmoBailey, B.Teacher Miss Elizabeth Donnell GRADE V.Claude Thompson, A; Katheriner Jones, A; Charles Reed, B; Edith'Mitchell, B; Emmett Dalzell, B;Rushia Murrell, B; Eddie Gray, B.Teacher Mrs. Frank P. Bedford.GRADE VI.Gay Nell Bodkin, B; Nellie Gillipsie, B; Noble Gillispie, B; Beatrice Watkins, B; Beatrice Wagoner, B; James Pruitt, B; JoeDennis, B; Lucille Linville, B;Lovell Hickman, B;' AlexanderBruce, B; Maxie Feeback, B; dayStone, B; Edna Thompson, B;Thomas Hickman, B; Veach Eubanks, B.Teacher Miss Lina Crowe.GRADE VII.Charles Crouch, B; Monroe Florence, B; Lillian Martin, B; RubyWagoner, B.Teacher Miss Elizabeth Donnell.HIGH SCHOOLSallie Joe Bodkin, B; Helen Dal-Jzelle, B; Marjorie Howard, B; EdithI Dalzell, B; Emma Gillispie, B:Anti-Race Track Gambling InKentucky." Mr Bruce is a promi-1 Katherine jud B Thelma 'w 1nent lawver m the State, and hav-. 'oner, a.Teachers Principal, J. W. Lan-Jnent lawyer inthe State, and hav-ing made a full investigation of his-subject matter, speaks with authority. This will be a union service, tand the public generally is invited ."to hear the noted speaker.The football game between the"M. M. I. and the Nicholasville Hi"teams at this place last SaturdayTesulted in a victory for the M. M.I. by a score of 31 to 19. In theDEATHSr iLife Is But A Brief Span, A :DebtThat All Must r-ay , "DANIEL.Mrs. Minnie Ogden Daniel, jwife of John Daniel, prominent)Clark county farmer, died suddenly.Wednesday night at her home aboutthree miles from Winchester. Mrs.hDaniel had been in apparently goodhealth up to the time of her death,and a few hours before, in a conversation with a neighbor, remarked that she had never been veryfill at any time in her life. Mrs.Daniel was a woman of fine character, one who lived for and loved herhome and who was beloved by allwho knew her.v Besides her husband, she leavesseven children, all grown to manhood and womanhood, and sixbrothers, two of whom, Vernor.("Smyley") Ogden and R. C. Ogden, both L. & N. conductors, reside in Paris.The funeral and burial will takeplace to-day at Winchester.FISHERFollowing a short illness of acomplication of diseases, BernardDotson Fisher, aged twenty-three,died at 9:30 o'clock, Tuesday nightat the home of his mother, Mrs.Margaret Fisher, on the Gano Hillpike, near Paris. ,Mr. Fisher is survived' by -hismother,- Mrs. 'Margaret' Fisher, sixsisters, Mrs. John Helton, Newport,Mrs. Emil Deihl, Newport, Mrs.Sarah Ecklar, Cincinnati, Mrs. J.-O.Leach, Paris, Misses Catherine andElla -Fisher, of near Paris, andfive -brothers, John Fisher, of Hazard, Julian Fisher, of Newport,George Fisher, William W. Fisherand Harry S. Fisher, of near Paris.-The funeral was held at theChurch of The Annunciation, inthis city, at 10:30 .o'clock yesterday morning, with services conducted by the pastor, Rev. WilliamO'Hara. The interment followed onthe family lot in the Catholic Cemetery.caster; Assistant Principal, RussellJones; Prof. Russell Hunt, MissMary VanMeter.Through a mistake the name ofHelen Ruth Ardery was omittedfrom the first month's Honor Roll.Helen received a grade of B for thefirst month.The Parent-Teacher Associationscrimmage Roger Womack, of the .had a very interesting meeting No-31. M. I. team, sustained a sprained" vember 2, their regular monthlyankle, which has kept him confined t meeting. Many affairs of importto his room. The following games ance were discussed, the standingare scheduled for November: No-! committies revised and some special-vember 11, Carlisle at Carlisle; .committees appointed. The pen-"November 18, Lexington Modelnant which was won by the SixthHigh, at Millersburg; November 25, 'Grade last month, was won by theKentucky Military Institute, at' Second Grade this month, whichMillersburg. iliad thirteen guests present.oThe marriage of Miss Levina ."DUMP" FIRE PLAYING C0NTIN--Xetton Layson and Dr. James Fran--cisOwen, was solemnized Mondayafternoon in the parlor of the Phoenix" Hotel, Lexington, in the presence of a few relatives, -the Rev. W." W. Morton, pastor of the Millers-UOUS PERFORMANCEFor years an old "dump" nearthe Frankfort & Cincinnati railroad track, in South Paris, haskept firemen responding to alarms,burg Presbyterian church, was the ;tand the wonder has been how suchofficiating minister. The bride j material as the dump is composedwore a suit of taupe, hat, gloves 0f naa not keen more readily con-and stioes to match. She is the SUmed or disposed of in some moredaughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Layson, of Millersburg. The bridegroom is a young dentist of St.Louis, Mo. After the wedding theyeffective manner.This old "dump" has been playing a continuous performance for along while, and something shouldleft fr Cincinnati, where they will ( be done to do away with it. Thespent a few days before going to firemen were called to that vicinity.tkeir kome in St. Louis.JBOUftBON COUNTY HIGH SCHOOLNOTES.Prof. T. A. Bryant, of the Agricultural College, Lexingtoa, willaddress the Farmers' dab at 'the:Hlgfc:Sc3iol buHdiog, Friday evem-Wednesday morning at an earlyhour, and another alarm calledthem to the same place in a shorttime after returning. They wereforced to return about nine o'clock,&s the waste material in the oldL",1...." A 'Klnnnrl . ,..r u.utm uou uitxtrcxx uui, asaiu.We often read of fires tkat harebeem burniag in abondoned coalmines for many montks, but, theyTHOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANFire, Wind d Lightning Iasnr-ance.TAKING PIG CENSUSSng. Nventber 17, at 7:30 o'clock.' JWkt. first number of tke program seem to have nothing at all on this' t,beflairnished us by the United old "dump pile."Lrypewn Bureau during the coming-winter will be presented Novemberv16, at 8:10 'clock, by Mr. Guy3Iooee Bingham, lecturer. Thisprogrm promises to be one of un-usu4l merit and every one is urgedto procure season tickets and secure-the kefit of the entire course ofsix numbers. Adult tickets $2.00,rstudeate $1.0.Pr. and Mrs. J. W. Lancasterand children spent the week-endwith relatives in Georgetown.Ghapel exercises were conducted'Wednesday by Prof. Southern, of-the Southern Bros.' Business College, Lexington. In an inspiring"talk, on "Success," he made clear-its attainment in this day of opportunity, by all who have the deter--minationto "stick to the job." The"-visitors present on this occasion-were: Mesdames Current Cunningham, Lucy Squires, Emma Ber"Ty, Clara Dabney, Arnold Case,Jesse Cumbers, Robert Bell, Mrs."Hudson, Miss Lydia' Brown and Mr."Ellett Feeback.The honor roll for the secondi month is as follows:GRADE I.Norman Judy, B;Authur Plummer, B; E. R. Carr,"B; Margaret Brown, A; James Liv-engooxi, A; Hazel Livengood, A;"Bertha Vermillion, B; Jessie Boots,"B; Charles Stone, B; Edward May,"B; Marshall Cumbera, B; HelenArdery, A; Msry Ellen Saunders,B Geofge McCiain, B; BobbyITkaxton, A; Laura Vimont Clarke,In compliance with a requestfrom the Postoffice Department atWashington the rural mail carriersof the State are taking a census ofbrood sows and pigs along theirroutes, for the use of the Govern-iment. The Bourbon county carriers have been supplied with the necessary blanks by Postmaster J. Walter Payne, and are now distributing them to the farmers along theirroutes.These reports will be used by theDepartment of Agriculture as" anaid in estimating the number ofbrood sows on farms, the probablepig production this fall comparedwith last fall, and the outlook forpig production next spring as compared to last spring. These individual reports will be strictly confidential, State reports only beingpublished. The farmer himself willbe benefitted most by the results ofthese inquiries, therefore, it will beto their interests to promptly furnish the data indicated on theblanks furnished by the carriers.STIPPThe funeral of Mrs. MaryStipp, aged eighty-four, who diedSunday at her home in Clintonville,following a long period of illness,was held at the Christian church,in Clintonville, Monday afternoon,at two o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. R. H. Ellett, pastorof the church, assisted by Rev. F.M. Tinder, pastor of the NorthMiddletown Christian church. Theinterment followed on the familylot in the Clintonville Cemetery.The pall-bearers were: Will Estes,George W. Dawson, James Estes, B.R. Stipp, J. H. Kennedy, R. S. Dar-naby.Mrs. Stipp's only relatives is asister, Mrs. Jasper McDonald, whoresides near Clintonville, two othersisters, Mrs. B. R. Schools, of Clintonville, and Mrs. J. B. Haggard,of Paris, having preceded her to thegrave in the last few years. Shehad no children, but several yearsago she adouted a boy, James Darn-'aby, who made his home with heruntil he reached manhood's estate,married and went to Los Angeles,Cali., to reside.fiNICHOLSMrs. Elizabeth Nichols, agedeighty-four, a former resident of'Paris, died at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. Lula Nichols Sausser, in Mt. Vernon, Ohio, Wednesday, after a short illness of paralysis. Mrs. Nichols was the wid,ow of John Nichols, who for manyyears 'was a prominent contractor'and builder in this city.Mrs.. Nichols is survived by herdaughter, Mrs. Lula Nichols Saus-ser, of Mt. Vernon, Ohio. Her son,William Nichols, of Lexington, diedin Lexington about three years ago.'Another daughter, Bdna, also pre-'ceded her to the gravd severalyears ago.Several years ago when Mr. Nichols received a telegram announcingthe sudden death of his youngestdaughter, the news gave his weakened heart such a shock that he fellover and expired in a few moments.The body will be brought to Pariswhere the funeral will take placeat 2:30 o'clock this (Friday) afternoon-, with services conducted atthe grave in the Paris Cemetery, byRev. T. S. Smylie.OFFUTTMrs. Cordelia Offutt, aged seventy-three,died at her countryhome on the Maysville road, nearParis, Wednesday at noon, after along illness due to a complication ofdiseases. Mrs. Offutt was a daughter of the late Thomas and Margaret McLeod Wilson, pioneer citizens of Bourbon county, and thewidow of Jasper Offutt, prominentBourbon county farmer, who diedsuddenly in Lexington severalmonths ago. She was one of thebest-known women in the county,having spent practically all her lifehere. Mrs. Offutt was the last of herfamily, and had no immediate relatives. The funeral was held at the residence on the Lexington road, nearParis, yesterday afternoon, at 2:30o'clock, with services conducted byRev. T. S. Smiley. The intermenttook place on the family lot in theParis PoTnotnrw HVus nall.VinnnaIf there 'were not so many op- . TT -r-r 7were TTnnnrnrv TTiminotf TMVtimists there wouldn't be so much Dick8on, Newt. Mitchell, Buckner....oil stock for sale.General AdmissionADULTS Qfln27c, war tax 3c...OUvCHILDREN I HnNo tax lUUGALLERY Ofj017c, war tax 2c ...UUy'MEy rBuy Book Tickets;j$1.00Adult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets....On Sale at Box OfficeHFRIDAY-FRIDAYTwo Big FeaturesSESSUE HAYAKAWA ' "The Swamp"A rare combination of tender appeal to the heart, fine, clean, human. With a dash of comedyswift action and a big surprise.WHO KILLED DR; SAINSBURY?The woman he loved? The woman he wronged? The woman who hated him?-"A Voice in the. Dark"-IRENE RICHAnd solve the mystery Cast includes Allen Hale, Ramsey Wallace and Alec Frances story byFrank Lloyd.SATURDAY SATURDAYBERT LYTELI"TheRightthat Failed"A ringside romance of a highbrow-lowbrow; a clean, racy drama of jests and kisses a ribrocker that lands a knockout, with laughs.CLYDE COOK IN "THE CHATTFFEUB," A2TC) PATHE NEWS-MONDAYMONDAY-ELLIOTT DEXTER ""Grand Larceny"When one man steals another's wife That's "grand larceny. A sfory that's true-to-life, of a"beautiful woman, radiantly gowned who dazzled amid settings that were fit for a queen Whoplayed with the fires of life and became scorched.HAERY MYERS LN "ROBINSON CBJTSOE," AND PATHE REVIEWMeteer, John M. Brennan; Active:James McLeod, Fields McLeod, Jno.McLeod, George McLeod, Jacob Jacoby, Milton Jacoby and HaroldSnell.MANAGER TRANSFERREDFrank C. Powell, who was a fewweeks ago transferred from theCarlisle office of the MetropolitanLife Insurance to the Paris office,has again been transferred, thistime to the Maysville office as assistant superintendent. Mr. andMrs. Powell will move to Maysvilleto reside.BIRTHSNear Clintonville, to the wifeof Roy Stoner, a son.Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry received a cablegram yesterday fromUchow, China, telling of the birthof a fine daughter to Dr. and Mrs.Leavell, who are engaged in missionary work there in the hospitalservice. Mrs. Leavell was formerly Miss Charlote Henry, of Paris.SALE DATE CLAIMEDThe ladies of the Paris Christianchurch have claimed Friday andSaturday, December 8 and 9, as thedates on which they will conducttheir "Gift Shop;" in the offices ofthe Paris Realty Company, on Mainstreet.SCHOOL EXHIBITThe Home Economics Department .of .the North MiddletownGraded School will conduct an exhibition and contest in the schoolbuilding to-day (Friday) at oneo'clock p. m. The public is cordially invited to attend.oWe suppose that an ad. forbreakfast food could be called a cereal story.BOURBON CROP CONDITIONS. 'For a while the farmers of thecounty were blue, "as the prospectsfor their crops seemed to be anequally blue one, but they now havecause for self-congratulation, owingto recent rains, which have somewhat freshened things. Fall grainsare needing rain; though they havenot suffered to any great extent.The weather has been very good forsowing the winter cover crops andfor shucking and hauling the corn.A tobacco crop of very fine quality is hanging in the barns andalthough much of it is small of leafand light of weight, it is expected to( bring a satisfactory price, thanks"to the Burley Tobacco Growers Association. A fairly good corn crophas been harvested. It is not afirst-class crop, but is much betterthan was expected when the drouthwas at its height in the summer.The fruit yield has been one of thebest in many years.1jJiuB.Buu, newi. miiuueii, JOUCKuer jj Woodford, Dr. J. T. Vansant, Robt. 'Opportunities For ThriftGREATER VALUES FOR SATURDAY AND NEXT WEEKFALL FOOTWEARrIncluding all the newest novelty styles ata great saving on every pair.Buy at Paris' Greatest ShoeStoreSAVE THE DIFFERENCEfrr .3sJL JSpecial Sale Ladies' and Growing Girls Tan Lace Boots, lowand medium height rubber heels. Special atS2.99Ladies' newest beaded Satin StrapSlippers a wonderful valueSpecial, $3.95 and$2.85Ladies' new Fall Patent and TanLace Oxfords.Special$3.45SPECIAL! Ladies' Soft Kid Comfort Shoes, rubber heels.Special atSI. 99Men's new Fall Footwear. Wesave you money on every pair.Newest Tan and Black leathers.fln APNow on sale at $2.95, $3,45 Jj.UjMen's Work and Scout Shoes. Tanand Black. Special$1.95Boys and Girls' School ShoesMisses' and Children's Tan Lace.Boots. All sizes 8 up to 2.SpecialBoys and Youths' Tan Shoes. Greatfor wear. Special.$1.99$1.99POSNER BROS.Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreDAN COHEN STAND 336 MAIN STREETt &'Tia.- ,-amrfr w 'Jr, -. t S-ih