VtTHEIf&!r,irtfcMw -' PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.!TVOLUME XL 1 1PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1922rjMbMBr ? J "lib ifk j"k-W' w-P' k.-;Mf t,. l .flBHBm ,A fcDUUflDUn IIELWOye ilBASE BALLYESTERDAY'S RESULTS, Paris 9, Cynthiana 4., Maysville 5, Mt. Sterling 4.I Lexington 7, Winchester 2.TO-MORROW'S GAMESParis at Mt. Sterling.Cynthiana at Winchester.Maysville at Lexington.. Formation of a stock company to"buy the franchise of the Winchesterlub of the Blue Grass League fromJ. S. Baskett, of Cynthiana, was discussed at a meeting held at theChamber of Commerce, in Winchester. A temporary organization wasformed, and another meeting was.scehuled at which it is hoped towork out plans for the new company. The present plan is to havethe company incorporated for $2,000, selling 300 shares at $10apiece. Mr. Baskett has expressedhis willingness to dispose of theclub.Coyle, star infielder of the Paristeam, has signed with the Cynthi.ana team for the remainder of theseason Coyle is an excellent ballplayer, and showed good form whileplaying here, but became dissatisfiedand was given his release.In the Church League series theChristians defeated the Presbyterians Tuesday on Hancock Field bythe score of 13 to 5. The nextgame of the series will be played onHancock Field this afternoon at3:30 o'clock between the Baptistsand Methodists.CHURCH LEAGUE STANDINGWon Lost Pet.Methodists 6 3 ' .667Ohristians S 4 .667Baptists 3 6 .333Presbyterians .. ..3 7 .272oNEW HOUSE FOR SALENEW 7-B00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTEIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UEB0N LUMBER CO.(nov25-tnTired, overworked, run-down menand women find in Tanlac just what"they need to regain health andstrength. Tanlac is sold by allgood druggists. (adv)"THE PRIDE OF PARIS"Final ReductionsonAll Summer GoodsFLAXONS VOILES ORGANDIESTISSUE GINGHAMS FRENCH GINGHAMSAND OTHER WASH FABRICS22fc-29c-39c-48e-79cWai Sold Before From 35c to $1,50 YardFINAL MARK-DOWNONALL GARMENTSVOILE AND TISSUE DRESSES$2.98 $3.98 $4.98 $7.98Was Sold Before Up to $20.00PURE LINEN DRESSES$12.50Was Sold Up to $27.50STRIPED SILK CREPE DRESSES$12.50Values to $25.00itiSEL!JEoRPOHiDEPARTMENT STORE ? vPARIS, KENTUCKY1NEWS OF THE COURTSEd Oliver, colored, charged withhaving liquor in his possession forpurpose of sale, was given a hearing in the County Court, beforeJudge George Batterton, and, following a plea of guilty, was assesseda fine of $150 and costs and givena jail sentence of thirty days. Failure to pay the fine will necessitateserving it out at hard labor. "Sook"Clay, colored, who was arrested atthe same time on the same charge,was dismissed from custody.Raymond Smith, white, arrestedon a charge of failing to support hisinfant child was brough before JudgeBatterton. Smith entered a plea ofnot guilty, but was ordered to paythe sum of $2 a week for its care.Dillard Haley, arrested on a similarcharge, was dismissed.Henry Sapp, a young white man,for whom a warrant was sworn toby Harlan Buckler, charging himwith assault, voluntarily surrendered. The charge grew out of analleged attack upon two allegedstrike-breakers at the corner ofMain and Sixth streets. FollowingSapp's surrender, the complainingwitness requested that the warrantbe withdrawn, declaring that he wasmistaken in the party, and thatSapp was innocent.George Johnson, a white man, residing near Paris, was arrested byState Game Warden A. W. Bullock,of Paris, charged with havingskunks in his possession illegally.Mr. Johnson had captured the animals when quite young, and declared that they were ideal house pets,and that he and his family had become greatly attached to them. Hewas fined the minimum penalty of$5, and was granted a permit tokeep the skunks in his home.MOFFETT NOMINATED FOE CYNTHIANA POSTMASTEENominations of postmasters sentto the Senate by President Hardingincluded the following for Kentuckypostoffices:Gideon D. Ison, Blackey; EverettHickman, Burlington; William M.Moffett, Cynthiana, and George V.Auxier, Russell.The appointment of Mr. Moffettfor the Cynthiana office ends a longdrawn out struggle between a number of aspirants. The contest between the office-seekers was a spirited one. Mr. Moffett is prominent inCynthiana business circles and politics. -ew .fc KTHE STEIKE SITUATIONA threat that the 400,000 maintenance men employed on the nation's railroads will go on strike because of alleged action of certainEastern roads in attempting to formcompany organizations to take theplace of international brotherhoodsand the action of guards employedby the railroads was made at headquarters of the International Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employes and Railway Shop Laborers,in Detroit, Mich., Wednesday.E. F. Grable, president of the union, is in Chicago conferring withthe United States Railroad LaborBoard and is prepared to demand, itwas stated authoritatively, that certain practices of the railroads beabandoned. Unless grievances of themaintenance men are settled, it wasstated at union headquarters, astrike is inevitable.E. F. Grable, president of the International Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employes and RailwayShop Laborers, while in Chicago, denied reports of emanating from hisheadquarters at Detroit that the400,000 members of the union werethreatening again to strike.Mr. Grable said negotiations wereproceeding satisfactorily before theUnited States Railroad Labor Board.President Harding, in a telegramsent to J. Cleve Dean, chairman ofthe Railway Employes' PublicityAssociation, Chattanooga, Tenn., invited Dean to urge striking railwayworkers to accept the decision ofthe railroad labor board and returnto work "until you and I and everyone else interested in American welfare may join in asking the railroadlabor board to give a rehearing onany question concerning whichthere is reasonable doubt about thecorrectness of the justice of the decision made."The president's message was inreply to a telegram he received lastSunday from Dean in which it wassaid that "to attempt to operatemines and railroads by militaryforce or to attempt to draft men into mining or railroad service wouldbe an attempt to establish involuntary servitude."FOUE E00M COTTAGE FOR SALE.Cottage, four rooms, 234 Lilieston avenue, property of Mrs. E. L.Kenton, at public sale Tuesday,August 2, at 2:00 p. m., by Hary-u,Speakes & Harris.(21-3t)"THE LURE OF JADE" SCREENFEATURE TO-MORROWAs the charming daughter of arear admiral, who because of a seriesof tragic events becomes the exoticand mysterious owner of an inn inthe South. Pauline Frederick hasone of the greatest roles of hercareer in "The Lure of Jade," anR-C picture, scheduled for screeningat the Alamo and Grand to-morrowafternoon and evening.That Miss Frederick is one of thereally big personalities of the screenand the stage, too. is established beyond question by ner brilliant performance in "The Lure of Jade."The story from the facile pen of Marion Orth, fits Miss Frederick assnugly as a new pair of gloves, butbeyond that is the fact that MissFrederick has a most exacting roleto portray and she does It with allthe consumate skill of a true artist.A superb cast supports Miss Frederick in "The Lure of Jade." Theyare Hardee Kirkland, Thomas Holding, Leon Barry, Clarissa Selwynne,L. C. Shumway and Togo Yamomato. Colin Campbell was the director. HARLAN TO HAVE NEW PAPERAnother newspaper for Harlanto begin publication as soon as conditions in the coal market will justify, is announced by Landon Smalling, formerly of the Middlesboronewspapers and more recently onthe staff of the Harlan Enterprise.The company, which will be ownedby a stock 'company, has alreadybeen organized and equipment ordered, Mr. Smalling announced.The newspaper will be Republicanin politics.IMPORTANT NOTICEThe invitations recently sent outto the reception and dance to be given for Eminent Grand CommanderM. H. H. Davis, of Paris, at the Masonic Temple to-night, were intended for the, wives, daughters, sweethearts and sisters of the Sir Knightsas well as the members of the Couerde Lion Commandery themselves.We want the ladies to come, as adance and reception woulld not becomplete without them. This isgiven publicly in order to correct amistaken impression in some quarters that the reception and dancewas to be a "stag" affair. We extend a cordial invitation, to the ladies to be present and help us maketke ereniBf a mart enjoyable one.Caimemt CowMmitr.FIENDISH MURDER OF WINCHESTER MERCHANTOne of the most fiendish cases ofmurder in the annals of Winchesterhistory was brought to light in thatcity Wednesday morning, when Mrs.Leon Renaker, returning from avisit to Cincinnati, found the deadbody of her husband, a well-knownproduce and commission merchant,lying across the bed at their home.With the head crushed and theleft side badly mutilated, the bodywas found lying across a bed in hishome in the heart of the residentialdistrict by Mrs. Renaker shortly after 11 o'clock Wednesday morningfollowing her return from a visit toCincinnati.There were no signs of a struggle.The wire screen of the back doorhad been removed. All telephoneand electric light wires were cut. Alarge amount of money believed tohave been carried by Mr. Renaker,was missing.Mr. Renaker had not been seen byany one so far found since his returnlate Sunday night from Cincinnati,where he, accompanied by Mrs. Renaker, had gone on business, andwhere she remained until Wednesday. Mr. Renaker had undresse'dfor bed, and was ready to retire, itis thought, when he was attackedand murdered.Mr. Renaker conducted a largepoultry and ess business, and hasbeen in the custom of carrying from$400 to $500 in cash on his person.The body was found in bed in aroom in the second story of thehome. The indications that that hisassailant had crept into the roomand dealt him several blows with ablunt instrument. Blood was foundon the window curtains and marksresembling crimson finger printswere found on the window sill. Thebody itself was found in the centerof a pool of blood. No verdict hasbeen returned by the coroner.Commission merchants of Cincinnati and Covington recalled that appioximately five years ago a negroemployed by Leon Renaker, at aturkey-dressing station he maintained at Maysville, Ky., had been con-vited of arson for having burnedthe Maysville turkey station. It wassaid the negro had sworn vengeanceupon Renaker, because Renaker hadtestified against him at the trial.It was also learned that the negrohad been recently released fromprison. Winchester police were notified of this clue.Mr. Renaker was about thirtyfive years old, and was one of thebest-known business men in CentralKentucky. He was a first cousin ofEwell Renaker of Paris, and for several years had a branch of his business located in the Dow building inParis, with Grant Robinson, of Richmond, as local manager. He is survived by his widow, Mrs. NancyQuisenberry Renaker; his mother,Mrs.v Nettie Renaker, of Cynthiana;one sister, Mrs. Dr. Crowine, of Lebanon, O., and four brothers, WalterRenaker, of Cincinnati, Frank Renaker, of Paintsville, and Barry andKirk Renaker, of Cynthiana. Hisfather, S. Renaker, died a few weeksago at his home in Cynthiana.oGET nSUL TO-DAY, BOYS!There is likely to be a differentkind of drouth in Paris tjhan thelack of rain soon. And this one willbe caused by a lack of spirits frumenti "prescriptions" issued by physicians for all the ills human fleshis heir to.According to a reeent ruling ofthe Prohibition Commissioner, allprescription blanks to be used byphysicians in the future must beprinted or engraved on a speciallyprepared watermarked safety paperfurnished by the Government. Consequently all the prescription blanksat present in the hands of local physicians must be sent in to headquarters of the Prohibition Commissioners not later than August 30, whennew books will be furnished. Several Paris 'physicians have alreadysent their old books in. Sahara willsoon be a wet spot compared to thisold town!LIVESTOCK DEALSHenry S. Caywood, of near NorthMiddletown, shipped to the Easternmarkets this week 2,500 lambs purchased at prices langing from ten totwelve cents per pound.Mr. Caywood recently receivedfrom George K. Pepper, of nearParis, forty-seven head of 1,300-lb.cattle, for which he paid $9 perhundred pounds, or a total of $5,-500. The cattle, which were purchased for the Swift Packing Company, of Chicago, were shipped toNew York.Nearly 1,700 lambs were soldWednesday afternoon in the weeklysale of the Fayette Lamb and WoolCo-operative Association, at theGentry Thompson stock yards, inLexington, .bringing over $15,000.Caywood & McClintock, of Bourboncountyv bought 211 lambs, weighingIS770 pound,, at $12.95, and 222Iambi, weighing 17,710 pounds, at;$.,x - .. .BOURBON GUN CLUBWe held our regular shoot Wednesday afternoon with twenty-fourshooters taking part in the sport.Looks like our State shoot held lastweek stirred up interest here in thegame, for we had three ladies, twomen and one boy shooter that facedthe traps for the first time. Scores:Shot at x BrokeAmos Turney 100 97J. L. Dodge 100 - 83A. B. Perkins 100 81G- Gay ioo 81Wm. Ardery, Sr 100 70Fred Burgin 75 71Alfred Clay 75 71J. M. Caldwell 75 69W. Kenney -75. 64J. R. Pendleton .... 50 47J. S. Ward 50 47Roxie Davis 50 39C. K. Thomas 50 38N. F. Brent 50 38C. A. Webber 50 31C. T. Hinkle 50 29Mrs. H. Kerslake .... 50 21Mrs. Burgin 50 16Mrs. J. Q. Ward .... 50 16Ned Brent 50 8Sam Clay 35 25F. E. Nelson 25 9Wm. Ardery, Jr.. .. 25 8K. Caldwell 25 3Under 11 years of age.oATTEND KENTON SALEHarris, Speakes & Harris will sellpublicly on Tuesday, August 2, at2:00 p. m., the home of Mrs. E. L.Kenton, 234 Liileston avenue. Seeadvertisement in this issue.(21-3t); ORESIGNS BANK POSITIONJames Ellington, who has for thepast five years been connected withthe Farmers' Bank, at Millersburg,has resigned his position, to take effect August 15. Mr. Ellington willmove to Huntington, West Va.,where he will take a position as assistant cashier of the Cabell CountyBank, at that place.-o-COMMUNITY SERVICE PICNICThe Paris Community Service, ofwhich Dr. M. H. Dailey is president,is making elaborate preparations fora picnic to be given on Labor Day.The grounds have not yet been secured, but will be within easy distance of Paris. Judge Robert' W.Bingham, of Louisville, is to deliveran address on the occasion.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSBIGMID-SUMMER- SALE-The crowds continue totake,advantage of ourWONDERFULVALUESon allSUMMERMERCHANDISE" !rSpecial Prices on Ready-to-WearGarmentsFRANK&CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSARRESTED ON THREE COUTTtFOR EMBEZZLEMENTThree warrants charging embezzlement and grand larceny, swtmout by Harry Baldwin, of the Farmers' Supply Co., of this city, wereserved yesterday morning on JamesDoty, a former employee of the concern, at his home on Pleasant street.The warrants were served by SherinTM. Peale Collier and Deputy SherinTR. M. Gilkey. Doty was taken tothe court house, where he was placed under bond of $500 on eackcount, and was released after thebonds had been signed by John,Sauer, of Paris, his brother-in-law,as surety.Doty has been connected with theFarmers Supply Company for a number of years and was considered oneof their most trustworthy employees.It is alleged that he has been converting funds of the concern to hisown use, extending over a considerable period. Some time ago he purchased .the handsome old Williamshome, on Pleasant street, where heand his family have since resided.oSTATE BOARD APPROVES 93COUNTY ASSESSMENTSAssessments of 93 of the countiesof the State have been approved andcertified to the county clerks, it wasstated at the office of the State TaxCommissioner in Frankfort.' Assessments of the following 27counties have not yet been approvedfinally by the board: Adair, Anderson, Ballard, Bath, Bourbon, Boyle,Breathitt, Carlisle, Clark, Crittenden, Fayette, Graves, Hardin, Hickman, Knott, Lincoln, Larue, Marshall, McCracken, Mercer, Montgomeryv Owen, Pike, Powell, Scott, Union and Webster.It is estimated that the .total assessment of the State will be $100,000,000 less than last year when itwas $2,438,612,449.oHAIL INSURANCEINSURE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.(july7 tf )oYou can make no mistake in following the advice of millions whohave been restored to health andhappiness by Tanlac. Tanlac is sold,by all good druggists. (adv)xI - f., A"St-L.t"itflgp&toh v- tfr 1 'rivsSa-jr 5- fEi v- H&y& vfe V-r fgft farfs; i - t .- v v,.A Vv 1JU'JVr PAGE TWO, Tffl BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, JULY 28, ltt "THE BOURBON NEWSPffallitfed 18f 1 41 Years of Continuous PublicationNMiihed Every Tuesday and FridayJfcr Year $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Gash in Advance.tlWHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Imtred at the Paris, Kentucky,Foftoffle as Mail Matter off thSecond Class.)0U1, FOREIGN BEPBESENTA-TIYES.ew York American Press Assotiation. Chicago Lord & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.- Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per(Inch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 centsper line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication., Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash. 'Any erroneous reflection upon thejeharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS .will beCladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSUp to this time it has been a dulltsummer for the Paris wit who delights in inquiring whether theheat is sufficiently great for you.JRIany headlines please, I vow,Making base hits, kicking goals,JBut I want to tell you nowJ am tired of Muscle Shoals.Naming America's twelve greatest women proceeds without mentionof the late Carrie Nation, who, inview of the Constitutional Amendment must be considered a pioneer.A. country young fellow namedBings, 3ttgiBvince neia an ace ana tour Kings;He bet with a rush,But a royal straight flushTook even shirt studs and rings.Some observers regard the $50,000 damage suit filed by Judge Halbert against the Lexington Heraldas a gesture. Should it be lookedupon as a gesture accompanyingthe exclamation, "Ouch?'.Trilby posed for her living in"the altogether." The 1922 bathing girl poses in the almost altogether just for the fun, of it, buthad Trilby's disposition 4een universal she could have won no re;ward. The Government desert land to"he" given to world war veterans isgood for one thing at least the"boys can run out there on their vacations to dig a few trenches andj)lay war for old times' sake."Many clothiers this year are selling a pair of knickerbockers as wellas a pair of long trousers 'with acoat and vest. If you haven't thenerve to wear the knickerbockenyour wife or daughter will be delighted with them."Woman is the clinging vine,"Man is the oak.'That's a fine poetic lineAnd no joke, ,Uut the real life we viewPlays queer tricks,"Manys vines are clinging to:Some awful sticks.mAnother reason for the cost of living is this. Your grandfather didn't"have to send his sons and daughters-to camps in New England or Canada until they were old enough too to summer resorts, in order toTrial TIT Gin Jilt? rmrtinl n:4-i.maintain his social position.Butchers say that the price of"meat is due largely to everybody'sdemand for expensive cuts, yet whenyou ask a Paris butcher for tencents' worth of dog meat, doesn'this suspicious, glance cut throughyou like a cleaver?!Be kind to every woman, manvan'd child with whom you come incontact," says a formula for success.I the case of a Paris joy rider Itmeans returning and picking up thezaai, woman or child, even if youJiare to first do some scraping up.'Soae day It is golmg to dawnfrf Uirts-that am- ato-r truck cammot be butted offthe road by the two-wheelers. Before this knowledge becomes universal, however, the usual numberof funerals and ambulance soireeswith motorcycilists in the star partswill take place.The public never saw the late Lillian Russell as scantly clad in comicopera as the girl of this period isclad when longing on the bathingbeach, whirling through the mazesof the dance, vamping on the streetsor automobiling.Can you beat it? After years andyeajs of hard labor and confiningwork, a man finally reaches thepoint where he can afford the automobile he has always longed foronly to find that in reaching it hishealth has been so impaired thathis physician insists he" must walk.Henry Ford, who was called amadman when he steamed over toEurope to request the armies tocome out of the trenches and stopfighting may observe that PresidentHarding has dealt with the coal andrailroad strikes as if his name wasHenry Ford.One of the leading "yellow journals" of New York predicts thatsomeday a monument will be erectedto John D. Rockefeller, who "proved that competition is wasteful andunnecessary." Tiiere are many inParis, who, when gasoline advances,and when reports show -a large supply on hand, wonder if competitionwould be useless to consumers.A man who attended a baseballgame in a Western Kentucky townwith a flask of whisky 'in his hippocket was sentenced to serve aterm in jail and put under bond for$1,000, and may have to stay injail a year because he cannot givebond. Evidently his neighbors feelthat a man who is not sufficientlystimulated by baseball is not worthyof confidence.DEMOCRATS MAY CONTROLNEXT HOUSEThe House has a new bellwether.Charles L. Abernathy, elected toCongress from North Carolina, willbe the first name of the House rollcall. Abernathy is a Democrat.Abernathy replaces Representative Ernest R. Ackerman, of NewJersey, at the top of the list. Ackerman is a Republican. Democratshail the new ballwether as an omenof victory in the autumn election.They say that when a party losesfirst place on the rollcall it alwaysloses the subsequent election.This is one of the most peculiar ofcongressional superstitions. WhenRepresentative Adamson, bellwetherof the Democrats, passed out, theDemocrats lost the next election.Adamson was the father of the famous Adamson law. Congressionalveterans say that when throughdeath, resignation or otherwise, aparty loses first place on the rollcall, defeat follows at the next elec'tion. In war times, when legislationwas coming so rapidly that members had little chance to study thebills, everyone watched Adamson'svote, for he gave careful consideration to all legislation. When thebells would ring for roll-call, clerkswould catch Adamson's vote. Then,as members came puffing in fromtheir offices, clerks would tell themwhether Adamson voted aye or nay.The Republicans in this Congresshave 'done the same thing. The majority of the Republicans alwaysvote as Aackman does."THE KILLER," A POWERFULWESTERN DBAMAOne of the most powerful, stirringand colorful photodramas of theyear is coming to the Alamo andGrand this afternoon and evening.It is a Benjamin B. Hampton production, "The Killer," said to be oneof the greatest of the brilliant pro-aucer s works."The Killer" is an up-to-the minute picture, which combines romance and color of the old Wpsrwith something that only the mod-1ern age can give in the way of realism and gripping suspense.That sinister figure, "The Killer "said to be the strangest characterin literature, literally comes to lifethrough the 'art of 7ra7campii -eau,the famous character actor. ClairpAdams plays the leading and onlyfeminine role, with Jack Conwaycast in the romantic lead.NOT THE WHITE MULE KIND(Nashville Banner)There comes a story from Paris,Ky., to the effect that after a lot ofliquor was dumped into StonerCreek the fish began to play leaDfrg Jt couldn't have been the. e kind or they'd havekicked in and all died.To ftstttrs Handwriting.To rwtort faded writta. molate.flie papsr and brush over with a !!jrtfcUca obtained amy f iLODGE NOTESThe following invitations havebeen issued: uYou are couretouslyinvited to attend a reception anddance, given by Couer de Lion Commandery No. 26, Knights Templar,in honor of Right Eminent SirMiles l H. Davis, Grand Commander of Kentucky Knights Templar, Friday, July 28, 1922, Paris,Kentucky. Informal. Masonic Temple, 8:30 p. m."Over' one hundred children fromthe Odd 'Fellows Home, at Lexington, headed by the Boys' Band of theHome, visited the Capitol at 'Frankfort, Tuesday, and serenaded Gov.Morrow, who responded with aspeech. The children were takenon a trip up the river on a steamer,and a picnic dinner was served onthe river banks above Frankfort.The children enjoyed games of various kinds, following the dinner, andreturned to Lexington as tired andhappy as children could be. Theywere accompanied by Grand MasterE. B. January, of i Paris, Superintendent J. M. Jones, Secretary R. G.Elliott, J. R. Smith and J. R. Haley,of Lexington, Deputy Grand MasterJ .C. Helburn, of Eminence, and Dr.F. M. Karies, of Paris, members ofthe Board of Trustees of the Home.Edward L. Hparn, EuropeanCommissionerof the Knights of Columbus, arrived in New York, Wednesday, bearing with him a specialblessing from Pope Pius XI for theKnights of the United States andCanada.At a recent meeting of the ParisRebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F., the following newly-elected officers wereinstalled:Past Noble Grand Miss HattieNeal.Noble Grand Mrs. Janie Current.Vice-Grand Mrs. Eva Shout.Secretary Mrs. Ida W. Snyder.Treasurer Mrs. Lula Ewalt.Chaplain Mrs. Ava Hamilton.Warden Mrs. Lina Dennison.Conductor Miss Mayme Collins.Inner Guard John H. Doty.Outer Guard Dory Scott.Right Supporter to Noble GrandMrs. Bruce Bowling.Left Supporter to Noble GrandMiss Geraldine Herin.Right Supporter to Vice-GrandMrs. Julia Nelson.Left Supporter to Vice-GrandMrs. Lizzie Doty.Host Mrs. Hqrace G. Nelson.District Deputy Mrs. Frances L.Hall.Bourbon Council Junior OrderUnited American Mechanics isplanning an ice cream supper, to begiven at the Knights of PythiasHall, on Tuesday night, August 1.An admission of twenty-five centswill be charged.oBOURBON FARM CONDITIONSBourbon county crops, thoughbenefitted some by the recent rains,are still in need of moisture, buthave not suffered any appreciableloss on account of the drouth whichhas prevailed for the past month.The rains which have fallen havedone some slight good. Pasturesare burning up, and in many placesit would be dangerous todrop amatch.Corn is beginning to show the effect of the dry weather, but has notbegun to curl up except in unusually dry places. Prospects are stillfavorable for a good crop, if rainsarrive in time to save it. Tobaccois being topped, and despite theweather, is looking very well inmost fields. Wildfire and rust, verynoticeable in many other countiesof the Bluegrass, is reported in thiscounty in but a few isolated places.Late potatoes have not "come up."Gardens and truck patches are suffering for the life-giving fluid.Farmers are optimistic, and hopingfor the best. ; ...y.,..,u" o- Farmtr at "Fighting Man."The man who would succeed atfarming must be a fighter from startto finish. He must fight bugs, andworms, and caterpillars and flies. Hemust fight loss of time, depreciation ofsoil, fire, flood, drought and thievesthat prey on grain, fruit and vegetables. He must fight greed and graftwickedness In a thousand forms- andthe fiercest battles he ever wage's arewube against self. Farm Journal.AGENTS WANTEDMen, Women, house to house orstores; staple necessities; wonderfulrepeaters needed in every home,big commissions. Samples furnished. UNIVERSAL PRODUCE CO643 Baymiller St., Cincinnati, Ohio.Bungalow PicturesBeautify HomesFrame your own, beautifully andartistically, using 'ready-cut Bungalow picture binding. All popularuoiore, xvxiz, 25c; 12x14, 35c;14x16, 45c; anyone can easily assemble. Ideal for diplomas andmarriage certificates.BUNGALOW PICTURE BINDINGCOMPANY, '18(ltT8t rm St" Cincinnati' O.BE VIGILANTCourier-Journal)If the passing of more than sixweeks without an automobile fatality in Louisville was due wholly ormainly to "enforcement of trafficlaws, an educational campaign "Bythe city's newspapers and safetyfirst practices by motorists,! thething to do is to continue every effort that has been madej to reducethe number of accidents. yAs a rule periods of law enforcement, newspaper discussion of themenace of reckless driving and theexercise of caution by drivers is followed by relaxed vigilance and revival of all the evils that causedcomplaint until a 'drusade was begun. It is observable every day in everystreet that there are many driverswhose consciousness has not beenpenetrated by discussion of accidents, or whose conscience has notbeen touched.There remain abundant opportunities for traffic policemen to makearrests for- reckless and lawlessdriving, and for the courts to convict reckless, selfish, lawless drivers. Unless the police maintain a highstandard of vigilance the good thathas been done by the anti-speedercampaign soon will be a vanishedblessing. Again the streets will beas dangerous to life and property asthey ever were. At present theyare not so safe that anyone chaigedwith enforcing the laws designed toprevent reckless driving should feelthat the time to rest upon the oarshas arrived. A recent tragedy maynot have been due to reckless driving, 'but eternal vigilance upon thepart of drivers and policemen is theprice of safety.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS.Public Auction!TUESDAY, AUGUST 2, AT 2 P. M.As agent for Mrs. E. L. Kenton,we will sell at auction on the abovenamed date, the four room cottage,located at 234 Lilleston avenue. Thelot has a frontage of 50 feet, and extends back 200 feet. Shade trees,water in the yard, a large barn, in ithe rear and other improvements.This property is located only twoblocks from the Paris High Schooland within a short distance of thebusiness section of the town. It willmake a good investment proposition.Terms made known on day of sale.For information, apply toHARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS,Farmers & Traders Bank, Paris, Ky.(21-28)Extension of CharterOFTHE FIRST NATIONALOFParis, KentuckyTreasury Department,Office of Comptroller of The Cuisrency,Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasbeen made to appear that "THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK OFPARIS" in the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act of Congress,"to enable National Banking Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved -July 12, 1882.Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissinger, Comptroller of the Currency, dohereby certify that "THE FIRSTNATIONAL BANK OF PARIS" inthe City of Paris, in the County ofBourbon and State of Kentucky, isauthorized to have succession for theperiod specified in itsx amendedarticles of association: namely, until close of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of office this firstday of June, 1922.(Seal)(Signed)D. R. CRISSINGER,Comptroller of The Currency.Charter Nov6323.Extension No. 4304.(July 7-1 mo)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOP4 WHITE BA1BHS 4TrBANKPARISMASTER'S SALEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMarys Griffin Hayes' Admr., . .PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.R. B. Hayes, Etc . . . . DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale entered atthe June term, 1922. of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner,onSATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1922,rat the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic outcry to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property: A certain house and lot situatedin Paris, Bourbon county, Kentucky, beginning on Vine Street,at the south-east corner of theproperty of Forrest Thomas;thence running with the line ofsaid Thomas a distance of 141feet to the property of the L. &N. Railroad Company; thencealong said line in a northerly direction a distance of 48 feet, 5inches, to a corner in the line ofthe Hinton property; thence alongsaid Hinton line in an easterly direction a distance of 150 feet to acorner of the inside of the pavement , on Vine Street; thencealong said pavement in a southerly direction a distance of 50 feetto" the point of beginning.Said sale is made for the purposeof settling the estate of Mary GriffinHayes and dividing the proceeds ofsale among the parties in interest.Said sale will be made upon credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety, forequal parts of the purchase money,due six and twelve months from dateof sale respectively and bearing interest at the rate of Six Per Cent.(6) per annum from date of saleuntil paid.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner B. C. C.(juy21-28-aug4)i?The Quickest WaySave time and energy during the warnT weatherby installing a HOME TELEPHONE in your residence. Just remove the receiver from the hookand you will find our courteous operators at yourservice.Paris Home Telephone & TelegraphIncorporatedViCWhen Looking ForGOOD PAINTAt the Lowest Possible PricesGive Us a CallWe carry everything in the Paintand Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.We're also Contracting Paintersand Paper Hangers. Let us figure on your next job.KANE BROS.AGENTS FOR THE FOY PAINTStenth Main St., Op. Uurtun Lwiti Cc1M7LOSTGold bar pin, pearl set, at Chautauqua or on streets, Saturday night.Suitable reward if returned to O.G. Lytle, at this office.ANNOUNCEMENTTHE EC0H0XYPLUMBING AND HEATING CO.,with Jos. Newhall, Manager, arenow ready for business and wouldbe pleased to have a share of yourpatronage.Plumbing, heating, gas fitting andall work guaranteed. Call HomePhone 273.LICENSED SEWEB TAPPERUNION SHOP.(21-3t)Administrator's NoticeAll persons having claims again3tthe estate of Julia Sanders, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidJulia Sanders, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedAdministrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. GARRETT SANDERS,Administrator of Julia Sanders, Deceased. (julyll-3wks)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEAParis to LexiugJonLexington , To Paris7:05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. ' 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. m, 2:00 p. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 5:00 p. Jtt7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. ml8:15 p. m. 7:00 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single triD. or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTIONMNAL CO.(dec6-tf)& TEE-?- .. .ix ineua Manf Snsu ..Mi Y.Jt tt. -&... .. ,;vv.AFRIDAY, JUL-Y 28, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, , PARIS, KENTUGKf1rTOWN PESTSWEST VIRGINIA MEN CONVINCED BY POOLERS- Our Private Pest comes Into thisBusy Office, grinning like a Hyena,to Point out a Typographical ErrorIn the Paper. Like all Newspapers,we make Errors and we Expect toKeep Right On making Them, andwe are not Worrying very much Aboutit, What's More!BLAMES BROKERS FOR HIGHPTJEL PRICESCoal brokers of the State are responsible for the present high pricesof Kentucky coal, according to information received at the office ofGovernor Edwin P. Morrow it wasannounced after the Governor hadcommunicated with various mine operators and learned they were selling at the regular prices, rangingfrom $2.75 to ?3.50 a ton and thereabouts.No action is contemplated atpresent, it was indicated by thejGovernor, until additional reportsare received from numerous otherState operators. A list of 30 operators was furnished the Governor bythe State Mine Inspector. The possibility that a special session of theLegislature will be called is believed .remote, as the coal situation and Jprice advances can be without theneed of special legislation, it islearned.Prices of coal range from $7.50to $13.50 a ton upon certain brokers' lists, it is claimed. This coal,however, is contracted for by Eastern and Northern buyers, it is reported. Unethical.Blobbs "I was pretty well down inthe world vfhen an idea suddenlystruck me." Slobbs "It's a cowardlyIdea that would strike a man when heis down."872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS, VEETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONESix West Virginia growers of Burley tobacco, from Hurricane, Miltonand "Winfield, who came to Lexington to learn the actual sentiment ofKentucky members of the Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-operative Association toward their organization, leftfor their homes thoroughly convinced that the co-operative system ofhandling burley tobacco' has been asuccess, obtaining their informationat first haml from growers they interviwed at home, in their fields orat a big public sale of lambs, whichwas held in Fayette county.There were six in the delegationfrom West Virginia, and they "paired off" to make their inquiries, C.S. Hollansworth, of Hurricane, andF. H. Moss, of Winfield, formingone party of investigation, J. M.Chaney and Joseph Jordan, of Hurricane, another, and G. C. Blackwood and J. L. Sturm, of Milton, theother. They made their inquiriesindependent of any members of theBurley Association, though an automobile was placed at their disposalby members- of the Association."We are thoroughly convinced,"said Mr. Strum, "that members ofthe Association in Kentucky are satisfied with the results obtained forthem by the Association, many saying that they had already receivedtwice as much for their crop underthe new method of marketing asthey had been paid last year, whether they ever receive another cent,though a third and final payment iscoming to them."Mr. Moss and Mr. Hollingsworthsaid that every grower they interviewed had declared himself satisfied with the system and that, intheir opinion, it was a pronouncedsuccess.The West Virginians called at theoffice of the Association and hadexplained to them the system ofgrading. They gave the Lexingtonreceiving and storage plants a thoroug inspection previous to their tripout in the country to see the growers. The West Virginians will reporttheir findings to their fellow-growerson their return home. The unanimity of view of the Kentuckygrowers in regard to co-operate marketing made a profound impressionon the visitors, all of whom arefarmers and growers of tobacco,whose purpose in coming to Kentucky was to learn at first hand anddirectly from the growers themselves how the new system of handling tobacco has worked and whetherthe growers are satisfied with it.All said that they did not find asingle dissatisfied member of theBurley Association, and that, thoughthey thought that any further staywas a waste of time, so far as obtaining any additional informationwas concerned, their experience inthis respect being like that of thedelegation recently sent by the darktobacco growers of Tennessee to Kentucky for the same purpose.oCatarrhal ConditionsCatarrh is a local disease greatly influenced by constitutional conditions. Ittherefore requires constitutional treatment. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEis taken internally and acts through theBlood upon the Mucous Surfaces of theSystem. HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINEgives the patient strength by improvingthe general health ana assists Nature indoing its work.All Druggists. Circulars free.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio."Drop Fatal" headline,like more bootleg stuff.SoundsHONEY HONEYHoney for the youngHoney for the oldNow is the timeTo 11 your bowl.Honey in One-Pound Sectors25c lb.sPeaches, per bushel $2.50 to $3.25Cooking Apples, peck .-r. SOcCorn, green, per dozen 40cGreen Beans, 3 pounds 25cHome Grown Tomatoes, pound 1 0cLemons, per dozen 25cPotatoes, peck v. 55cCanteloupes, each OcParis Green, pound 35cSpecial Prices on 10 Pounds or MorePARIS BAKING CO.. I. L. GLASS, Manager . 'PERSONALS-r-Mrs. Frank Leach is the guestof her sister, Mrs. C. M. Brooks, inHazard.i -rrMjss Louise Letton, of Paris, isvisiting her brother, Steve Letton,and Mrs. Letton, in Hazard.Miss Gay Stuart has returnedto her home in Georgetown after avisit to relatives in this cityMrs. "W. V. Cooper and children,of Shelbyville, are expected to-dayfor a visit with Mrs. C. H. Greer.Mrs. 0. H. Collier is visitingher sister, in Chicago, and herbrother, in Burlington, Wisconsin.Rev. and Mrs. F. B. Jones andMrs. Grant Galloway are attendingcamp meeting at Wilmore this week.K Miss Olivia Orr, of Stoner aveitefatended the funeral and burialof Miss Belle Bennett, in Richmond., Miss Velura Nisius has returned to her home in Frankfort, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. S. TV. Mastin. Miss Mary McWilliams has returned from an extended visit torelatives in Alabama and Tennessee. Miss Sara Maddox has returnedto her home in Eminence after avisit to friends and relatives nearParis.Lionel Clay and daughter, ofOhio, were recent guests -of friendsand relatives in this city andcounty.Miss Alma Louise Parrent, ofthis city, is visiting Mrs. T. E. Oldham, in Stamping Ground, Scottcounty.Miss Ruth Orr, of Paris, assisted in a reception given by Mrs. Clifton Pearce, at Anchorage, Wednesday evening.W. K. Griffin has returned tohis duties at Morningview and Livingston, after a visit to his family,in this city.Miss Josephine Fithian, ofPaiis, was a recent guest of Mr. andMis. J. W. Holmes and family, inMt. Olivet, Ky.Miss Agnes Walsh has returned ta her home in Cincinnati, aftera pleasant visit to friends and relatives in this city.Mis. Waller C. Dalby entertained at her home yesterday withlunclieon-bridge, and will entertainagain this afternoon.Mrs. Harry E. Clay and daughter. Miss Nell Clay, have returnedfrom an extended stay at LakeChautauqua, New York.Miss Margaret Sullivan, formerly of Paris, recently underwenta surgical operation at the St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington.Miss Henrietta Howard, of Cypress street, left for Cynthiana yesterday for a visit with her sister,Mrs. John R. Ewalt, and Mr. Ewalt.Mr. and Mrs. Frank L. Stillhave as guest at their home onHenderson street Misses AnnaBrowne and Rachel Reveall, of Mt.Olivet, Ky.Misses Mildred Collier, of Paris,and Isabelle Knight, of Sharpsburg,are guests of Miss Harriet B. Saffin,at her home on Lexington avenue, inLexington.Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Linville,Miss Hattie McDowell and ClydeWare have returned to their homesin Mt. Olivet, after a visit to Parisrelatives.Mr. and Mis. Wolford Ewalthave as guests at their home onStoner avenue Misses ThelmaShowalter, of Lexington, and MaryAlice Moore, of Brooksville.Mrs. Lindsay C. Moore has returned to her home in. Detroit,Mich., after a visit of several weeksto her sister, Mrs. Robert Goggin,and other relatives in this city.Miss Bush Allen, of Millersburg, who is visiting friends inStanford, won the prize for highestscores at progressive bridge, givenby Miss Margaret Shanks, of Stanford. Mrs. James F. Lea, of Philadelphia, formerly Miss Ida Redmon, ofParis, has returned to her home after a visit to Miss Imogene Redmon,and other relatives in this city andcounty.Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Brannon,Miss Claire Brannon and Mr. JohnBrannon have returned to theirhome in this city after an automobile trip to the Great Lakes andCanada.Mr. and Mrs. John F. Cooper,Mr. and Mrs. Welburn Henson,, andJohn E. Barnett have returned totheir homes in Mt. Olivet after avisit to Morton Mann and family, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. H. Clay Weathers,Mr. and Mrs. Eldred Dudley andMr. and Mrs. Henry Weathers havereturned to their homes in Qoving-ton, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Weathers, near ParisThe "All-Come Class" of theMethodist Sunday School, a class oftwenty intermediate girls taught byMrs. J. R. Grinnell, enjoyed a mostdelightful picnic on the farm of Mr.Clarence Wright last Tuesday. ". Harvey Hunter, of Vine street,was called to Nebo, North Carolina,by a telegram telling of the deaththere of his brother, Vander Hunter, who was killed in -an accident.The telegram kave no particulars.Stanford Interior - Journal:"Geo. M. Kiser, of Bowling Green,came, up for a visit t6 Mrs. Kiser,who isvhere with, her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Walter Warren. Mr. Kisertells this paper that the oil company with which he is engaged ismoving its plant to the Daviesscounty fields where ithas, already anumber of paying wells."REALTORS TO HOLD MEETINGAUGUST 23.Real estate dealers of CentralKentucky, will meet on August the 23rd, as the guestsof the Lexington Real Estate Board.iThe Lexington Board has also invited members of the Louisville andCincinnati boards to be present fortne meeting. More than 100 realestate men are expected' to attend.At the meeting of the Real EstateBoard a committee was appointedto arrange a program and to furnishsuitable entertainment. This committee is composed of WarfieldGratz, chairman; Joe C. DeLong, W.C. Lawwill, N. R Garrison andHoward Wilkerson.The purpose of the meeting is topromote the organization of localreal estate boards in all the townsof Cdntral Kentucky, and- to securemembers for the State real estateassociation, which was organizedabout six months ago.The State Association is seekingto promote a standard of ethicsamong real estate brokers, and tosecure legislation beneficial to theowners of property and to real estate men. t This association also istrying to secure a law licensingreal estate men, which will act as asafeguard to the public and be ofadvantage' to real estate dealers.Such a law is now in operation in20 States.PAGKTmunr?FINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYFIGURES SHOW INCREASE INEMPLOYMENTEmployment figures for the 12principal groups of manufacturingindustries, announced by the bureauof labor statistics of the Department of Labor, showed an increasefor the year ending last June ineight and a decrease in four. Thelargest increase was 32.1 per centfor the non and steel industry 30.5per cent for car building and repairing and 21.2 for automobiles,while the greatest decrease wereshown for cotton manufacturing,25.1 per cent, and silk, 19.3 percent.For the month from May to Juneitheie was an increase in employment in ten industries and a decrease in two.HtMifliiunHNHtiiwiiiimtwiifii)t?ixwtWe Handle All Kinds of1 Electrical NoveltiesElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters, vBroilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, ;A11JKinds of Bulbs, Etc.' y.Gas HeaterAll Sizes7 and Prices. Gas Logs rand GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T, WMAIN STREETSPICEROPP. COURT HOUSEMIMIMlllllfl4HHinMMIItlliiMIHIHHADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.mwiam i in ii iiDKWadkkllsPikfUmgdMHHUMMaMMMBUflOIDon't Suffer Don't be OperatedMi until you have tried Dr. WaddeHPfle Remedy. Absolutely harmless. Guarmteed to give absolute satisfaction ornoney refunded. $1.50 per bottle at yourdruggist If not write us.BENEDETTI & CO.The Name That Stands ForGood Ice CreamThe crsam that possesses food value of merit, superiorquality and flavor, pure and wholesome, delivered to youin the finest condition.Truly a Place to Drink for Those Who Cdre.You know our numbers Always phone Home Phone 37Cumberland Phone 7.Benedetti & Co'sFor Delicious Ice Cream"PARIS' COLDEST SPOT"iecbciiieSimflisGroVeJMttMMttHHiiM I' ;;I GEORGE R. DAVISi UNDERTAKERA,Distinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESi: Day Night137299! H"I"KJ' ' 1 ! " '! '!' HlMMHtMMftlllMlISTONE BURIAL VAULTS, .sassssMtfgg aHesia!8BBMgimmBSSSSSSKKalilllKMMBMBlBSasStone Burial Vaults are Nature's own material. No rust, no de-cay. Endure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERY CO,Paris, KentuckyFARTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $UH of loan pays both principal and interestNO COMMISSIONS NO RENEWALSAsk Popla Dtpogit Bank &Trust ,Co., Paris, or NacthMiddietown -.uwuwtNorth' MiddUtown.4vKenUckyJointStockLandBankSecurity Trust Bid.Lexinftoa, Ky,t viaLlO Ift IS 10 (Otfctr Personals,, an Par 6 J,t'-aj- - J; r-;i--,ti?Kr' .-. iwy. - V",' fX.7".THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY fca?, FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1922- "-FAGS FOUR- rJf, ' i-rLadies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at$15$18,$25, $29Worth double value. Colors:black, brown, etc. It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreGHAS. S. GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main StreetsPARIS. KY.IIFIRE DEPARTMENT MAKES TWORUNSAn alarm from Box 34 Tuesdayafternoon called the fire departmentto the vicinity of the old Midlandrailroad depot, in South Paris,where a big trash dump had caughton fire. The fire, a stubborn one tohandle, was finally extinguished after some hard work by the department. Both auto pumpers were required to handle the blaze.The department was called by astill alarm later to the foot of Mainstreet, where sparks from a passingL. & N. engine had ignited grass under the bridge. The blaze was extinguished with chemicals.oFire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANccTHE BANK OF SERVICE" .Help Bring ProsperityTo This CommunityKeep your money working in this communitywhether you spend, invest, or bank it. Thenyou will share in the benefits it brings.Trade with your fellow citizens and you willencourage them to do business with you.The money you save or make by doing businesswith one another, if deposited in this bank, willearn more money for you.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust CoParis, - - KentuckyCAPITAL $200,000.00SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS$165,000.00RELIGIOUSThe Methodists will soon erecttheir new church at Ravenna. It isunderstood that the new structurewill cost approximately $6,000 andwill be quite an addition to the city.The plans are now in the hands ofthe proper officers of the church andthe work will begin at once.Rev. W. B. Campbell, presidentof the Kentucky Wesleyan College,will preach at the Methodist churchnext Sunday at 10:45 a. m. Therewill be no preaching at night. TheSunday School will meet at 9:30 a.m. and the Ep worth League at 6:45p. m. Dr. Campbell, who preachesin the morning is a most interestingspeaker, and the public is most cordially invited to hear him.Rev. C. H. Greer left Wednesday night to attend the meeting ofthe General Sunday School Board atLake Junaluska, N. C. This Boardhas charge of all the Sunday SchoolI work of the Methodist EpiscopalI Church, South, and the work underj its care has had a most wonderfult growth in the last few years.Among those who' delivered addresses at the meetings were PresidentEd. T. Hinton, John W. Jones, R. H.Ellett, N. H. Shropshire, W. O. Hinton, Ward Russell, Rev. W. E. Ellis,Rev. Frank M. Tinder, J. S. Hilton,Monroe Schuster, Prof. W. C. Bower,Mrs. Joseph D. Booth, Rev.. G"Nutter, Mrs. Walter Payne and Mrs.W. W. Judy.MILLERSBURG COLLEGEFifty members of the WomansMissionary Society of the Paris Baptist church, were guests Tuesday, atthe home of Mrs. Louis Rogers, onthe Lexington road, near Paris, foran all-day sewing. The day wasspent in fashioning garments andsupplies for the Stout Memorial Hos-Ipital, in Soochow, China, which Mr.and Mrs. Ullin Leavell, are connected. Mrs. Leavell was formerly MissCharlotte Henry, daughter of Dr.and Mrs. D. S. Henry, of Pai3s. JQthe noon hour a delightful repastwas served the workers, t ?-JUNIOR COLLEGE FORGIRLS and YOUNG WOMENfntnJnaum Furnished Located in the beautiful "Blue Grass Region nf If -ntu. :tlOn Request, Write to new buildings and modem equipment. Offers many induce-.T C Fiih PT D D ra.u 'o "f1 andd"mmaHng parcels who wiah to place their daugh.As, C. r lSne.T9U. U. ters in boarding school. Courses of study include grades, college preoar-1President, MWer$baTg,Ky. tory, two years college, music, art and expression- Limited number oFboarding pupils insures personal attention to each. Gymnasium, swimminzppoI, outdoor sports; safe, pleasant and inspiring home life.?LOSTiRev. Frank M. Tinder will continue as pastor of the North Middletown Christian church, accordingto an announcement recently madeby officers of the church. Rev Tinder reconsidered an offer made himto take charge of the Christianchurch at Providence, in Fayettecounty. He is very popular in hiscommunity, and prominent in religious work through Central Kentucky. His congregation and friendsof the church will be glad to learnhe will continue his work amongthem, ,k . ir t -Large audiences are attendingeach night the revival meetings being held in Carlisle by Rev. ArthurFox, pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch, assisted by the local pastorof the Baptist church, Rev. Jos.Connell. The meetings are beingheld in a large tent in the courthouse yard each monring at 9:30,and each evening at 7:30. Prayermeeting is held in one of the Carlisle business houses each morning.Mr. and Mrs. Evans McKinley, ofTennessee, who have charge of themusic for the meeting, have charmedthe audiences with their instrumental and vocal music. Large numbers from Rev. Fox's congregationat Paris havebeen in the audiencesat different times during the meeting. The sessions of the BourbonCounty Christian churches and Bible schools, which have been held inthe Paris Christian church, the pasttwo days, closed Wednesday afternoon. A splendid educational program was carried out both days.A black leather suit case on pikebetween Cynthiana and Paris or oni pike between Paris and LexingtonContaining wearing apparel andcards of C. T. Snyder, of Cincinnati.O. Finder return to NEWS officeand receive reward.ANNOUNCEMENT!I wish to announce to my friends and former patronsthat I have opened a store in the room formerly occupiedby Dr. O. L. Frye, next to Baldwin Bros., where I will bepleased to have all my old and new customers call on me.I've received a new stock of Ladies' and Gents' FurnishingGoods and Notions, also a nice line of floor coverings, whichI will sell at the very lowest possible prices just to reestablish my trade.IBSSE" J. M. ELVOVE H0M3yHONELOSTSomewhere in Paris a bunch ofsix or eight keys, on a key ring.Finder leave at this office.FOR SALEKentucky mountain ewes andfresh milk cows.H. V. THOMPSON,(2S-4t) Winchester, Ky.Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, the hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned administrator, for adjustment and payment.All such claims not presented within the legal limit, will be barred.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, are hereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. , CHARLES HUGHES,Administrator.(2S-3wks)S INDUSTRY ill' and THRIFT H. IIL PROSPERITY Jl .You want to prosper, do you not?Then you must work and the harder you work themore you will earn and the more sure you will be of yourjob.But earning money will do you no good unless youpractice thrift and SAVE a part of it.The bank is the only safe place for your money.WE WILL WELCOME YOUR ACCOUNT.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Cg.'''" ''' bbbbBBbB flm bW b K bbbbbbb' CIbbbbbhbI H AB bI H AEWEKMBKBMHbmmHmmjvmmmmmmmmmmwGMThrough our architects, Wm. K. Hagan & Son, we have contracted to install a new front and remodelour entire store extensively. On account of this, we are compelled to reduce our entire stock ofSpring and Summer Clothing, Furnishings, Hats and CapsValues at the price will compel you to buy. Work on the store front starts August 8th. Sale beginsSaturday, July 22nd. . 'MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'SSUITS$25.00 Suits, now $18.0030.00 Suits, now. 22.0035.00 Suits, now 27.5040.00 Suits, now 30.0050.00 Suits, now 37.50PALM BEACH COATS ANDPANTS$15.00 Suits, now .$11.5018.00 Suits, now 13.7520.00 Mohair, now 15.0025.00 Tropical Worsted,now- 20.00BOYS' KNEE PANTS SUITS$10.00 Suits, now $:7.5012.50 Suits, now 9.0015.00 Suits, now 11.0020.00 Suits, now 15.008.00 and 8.50 Suits,now 5.00MEN'S UNDERWEARUnion Suits75c quality, now 45c$1.00 quality, now 75c$1.25 quality, now 98c$1.50 quality, now $1.15$2.00 quality, now $1.50Separate Garments38c and 75cMEN'S SHIRTS$1.00 Shirts now 75c$1.50 Shirts, now $1.15$2.00 Bates Street, now.. $1.50$2.50 Bates Street, now.. $1.75$3.00 Bates Street, now. .$1.95$4.00 Bates Street, now.. $2.75$5.00 iSilk, now $3.75BOYS' SHIRTS$1.25 now 95c$1.50 now $1.15BOYS' PAJAMAS$1.50 now $1.15New Goods. Best Makes. Honest Methods. A Bona405Main St., j-LPMEN'S ODIj PANTS$4.00 Pants, now ...... .$2.755.00 Pants, now f. 3.756.00 Pants, nowf , 4.506.50 Pants, now 4.757.50 Pants, now 5.75' it.BOYS' KNEE PANTS$1.50, now ) $1.002.00, now . 1.502.50, now 1.753.00, now t. :. 2.50, tBOYS' BLOUSE WAISTS$1.00 now I 75c$1.50 now . $1.153MEN'S NIGHT SHIRTS$1.00 now I 75c$1.50 now i $1.15$2.00 now j $1.50Boys' Night Shirts 75c. 1MEN'S WORK SHIRTS75c and $1.00tFide Sale. Gome Early.13MEN'S HATS$3.00 now $2.255.00 now 3.506.50 now 4.75STRAW HATS AT REDUCEDPRICESMEN'S CAPS$1.50 now $1.152.00 now 1.502.50 now 1.75BOYS' CAPS75c now 50c$1.00 now 75c$1.50 now .-.$1.15NECKWEAROne lot Silk Neckwear 25c50c now 38c$1.00 now 75c$1.50 now ' $1.00MENS' HOSE25c now 17c50c now ...38cMEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS1 Lot 5C10c now 7c15c now ioc25c now 17c-1 LOT KHAKI PANTS$1.25SPECIAL PRICE ON RAIN:COATSMEN'S PAJAMAS$2.00 now $1.50-2.50 now L75MEN'S OVERALLS85c, $1.35, $2.00-..yr 3 yvyyr. , sCfri' t. V "A -Bring the Cash. Nothing Charged. One Price to AllParisKentuckyjnA -.';iv.TJ-V:v& nvf -tru$&.FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS PARJS, KENTUCKYr'-y w ' i mPAGE FIT.. .r"GIFTS THAT LAST"MELONS ON ICEWe have at all times the best ofwatermelons and canteloupes on ice.Phone us your order.LOGAN HOWARD.HAH INSURANCEINSUEE YOUR TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITHYERKES & PEED.Cjuly7 tf )VJHU-KLUX CLANIt is reported that Paris is soonto have a branch of the National orpanization of the Ku-Klux Klan.Organizers are reported as being at-work here perfecting a local branch.The work is being carried on soquietly that nothing definite can bestated as to the progress made.PERSONALSAPPLIES FOR PASSPORTSA. B. Hancock, of Paris, filed application in the office of DeputyUnited States Clerk Spencer Finnell,in Lexington, Tuesday, for a passport for himself, Mrs. Hancock andtheir daughter, to Europe. Theyplan to sail from New York on August 31, and will spend threemonths in Europe. Mrs. Hancockand daughter will visit relatives inVirginia before joining Mr. Hancockin New York."LADIES MUST LIVE" COMING"Ladies Must Live," a delightfulParamount picture produced by thelate George Loane Tucker, who produced "The Miracle Man," will bethe feature at the Alamo and GrandTuesday afternoon and night. BettyCompson, the beautiful Paramountstar, is the featured player and inthe cast are many screen favorites.Alice Duer Miller is author of thestory.. oNEW HONEYFresh honey by the crate.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oTOR THE LADIESHemstitching and Picoting Attachment, works on any sewing machine, easily adjusted. Price $2.50,with full instructions. OrientalNovelty Co., Box 11, Corpus Christi,Texas. (25-2t)oBOURBON MEN IN NEW ENTERPRISE.Articles incorporating the "WayneStave & Lumber Company, at Somerset have been filed and. approvedin the office of the Secretary ofState, at Frankfort, and a charterissued. The concern is incorporatedwith a capital stock of $5,000. Theincorporators are I. D. Thompson,Sr., I. D. Thompson, Jr., of Paris,and L. H. Humble, of Somerset.ICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half -gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.PUBLIC SALE OP HOMEA "desirable home at public auction on Tuesday, August 2, at 2:00p. m. Property of Mrs. E. L Kenton,234 Lilleston avenue, Read ad.HARRIS, SPEAKES & HARRIS.(21-3t)ADDRESSES SUMMER SCHOOLSTUDENTSProf. Wellington Patrick, directorof the Summer School at the University of Kentucky, delivered anaddress Tuesday to the students andteachers of the Bourbon CountySummer Schools, at the Paris HighSchool. His topic was "Literature."Wednesday afternoon Prof. M. E.Ligon, of the University, spoke ona subject of special interest alongthe lines of summer school work,and yesterday afternoon Dr. JamesL. Douglass, delivered an interestingand instructive address.These speakers were secured forthis special purpose through the efforts of Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris PublicSchools, who is a member of the faculty of the Summer School at theUniversity of Kentucky. Otherspeakers will be heard here fromtime to time during the sessions ofthe local summer school.An sffort is being made to getDr. C. A. McMurray, of Peabody College, who will be at the Universityof Kentucky the latter part of theweek, to speak at the session of theSummer School this -afternoon.Examinations were held yesterdayand the final examinations will hecomcluded to-day. The six weeks'it loa will close with the exercisesto fee held this af termoom.Comings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDon't.George D. Speakes has recovered from an attack of acute indigestion. Miss Elizabeth Roche, of Cincinnati, is the guest of Paris relatives. Mrs. Robert C. Talbott left yesterday for a three-weeks' stay atLake Chautauqua, New York.Mrs. Julia Nash has returnedto Paris, after a visit to Mrs. W. H.Shropshire, near Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds Lettonand Mrs. Thos. McCray have returned from a visit to friends in Frankfort. Mrs. Dan M. Kimbrough hasreturned to her home in Cynthianaafter a visit to Mrs. Lizzie Clay, nearParis.Miss Jessie Spencer, of Lexington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Wm. B. Ardery, and Mr. Ardery,near Paris. - .Nathaniel Markland has returned to his home in Owingsvilleafter a visit to his son, John Markland, in Paris.Mrs. Tilford Burnett, of Paris,is a guest of her parents, Dr. andMrs. G. E. Guttery, on North Fourthstreet, in Danville.Dr. S. E. Caywood has returnedto his home in Ravenna after a visitto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. "W. T.Caywood, in this city.Miss Hettie Whaley is at theGood Samaritan Hospital in Lexington for treatment. Her sister, MissSallie Whaley, is with her.Mr. and Mrs. Bud Baer, of Louisville, are guests of the former'ssister, Mrs. Lee Price, and Mr. Price,at their home on Scott avenue.J. F. Glass, of Durham, SouthCarolina, is a guest of his brother,E. W. Glass, manager of the Liggett& Myers redrying plant in Paris.Miss Carrie Rogers, of Georgetown, is visiting her sister, Mrs.Maggie Vernon McClintock, anddaughter, Rachel, at their home inthis city.Miss Duane Kiely, of Covington, was a visitor in Paris lastSunday, as guest of her grandmother, Mrs. E. C. Kiely, and family, on High street.Miss Delia Tinder has returnedto her home in North Middletownafter spending six weeks in Carlisleas an instructor in the NicholasCounty Summer School.Mrs. E. L. March and daughter,Miss Rosetta March, of Lexington,were guests Tuesday of Mr. andMrs. James "W. Thompson, at theircountry home, near Paris.W. D. Burley. formerly ofParis, is visiting friends and relatives in Paris after an absence ofthirteen years, during which timehe has resided in Michigan.Misses Gay and Rebecca Payne,daughters of Mr. and Mrs. HumePayne, have issued invitations to adancing1 party to be given to-nightat their home on the Peacock pike.Mrs. Elsie Hardman, Mrs. Thos.I. Davis, Mrs. Harvey Lisle, of Winchester, and Mr. and Mrs. BarnesHardman, of Ashland, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. Thos. McCray, on Seventh street.Mrs. Robert Hughes, Miss Hattie Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. DavidPatrick, James Kenton and JohnKenton, of Paris, attended the funeral and burial of Mrs. Albert Mullikin, in Carlisle.Mrs. Tollie Young, who hasbeen very ill for a month at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in Paris,is now on the road to recovery. Hermother, Mrs. Andrew Moore, of Lexington, who has been with her, expects to return home this week.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Davis,have moved to Lagrange to reside.Mr. Davis has for several monthsbeen pharmacist at the Roche DrugStore, in Paris. He will open a drugstore in Lagrange in partnershipwith his father-in-law.Mr. and Mrs. Rufus Lisle, ofWinchester, will entertain to morrow afternoon with a river party atBoonesboro Bathing Beach, in honorof Lieut, and Mrs. John Winn, ofChicago, Capt. Winn Lisle, of Paris,and Mrs. Wm. Setters, of Hazard.Mrs. Edward Weathers, of nearClintonville, entertained with aluncheon at the Lexington CountryClub, in honor of Mr. and Mrs. JessePugh, of Rushville, Ind., guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Earl Shropshire andof Mrs. H. M. Wright, of Chicago,who is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. J. R.Shropshire. In the party with Mrs.Edward Weathers and Mrs. J. R.Shropshire were Mr. and Mrs. Pugh,Mrs. H. M. Wright, Mrs. Earl Shropshire, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. JeffersonWeathers.Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Mynes, ofNormandy, Ky., entertained withdancing Sunday in honor of Mr. Jno.S. Smith's seventy-fourth birthday.Among those present were: Mrs. J.L. Hall, Covington, Mrs. SallieSmith, LaGrange, Ky., Mr. and Mrs.Harry Bradley, Winchester, Rev. A.E. Smith and wife, Milton, Ky.,Prof. M. McCheer, Winchester, Mrs.Mamie Neal and daughter, Elizabeth, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Smithand daughter, Catherine,, Mr. andMrs. H. 'T. Hall and daughter, Mrs.Flora Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. WillHall and children, Mrs. Ollie Smithand family. Lucia, Roy and RaySmith, Mr. Dave Jewell, Mrs. UcChord and daughter, Tommie. All"the guests present, with the exception of one or two are former Bour"bon county people.Miss Eleanor Swearengen hasreturned from a several days' trip toBoonesboro Beach.Charles S. Ball, of the C. S. BallGarage, is convalescing from a recent severe illness.Miss Miriam Galloway has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Winchester.John Harris Clay, of Paris, attended the Golf Club dance given inWinchester, Tuesday evining.Mrs. Thomas Kennedy, of Winchester, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Hooker Stivers on East High street.Miss Elmeta Hinton, of Paris,attended the dance given at theWinchester Golf Club TiiAsrtavnight.Mrs. George Young has returned to her home in this city after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Scott Feeback, in Carlisle.Misses Nell and ElizabethCrutcher have taken apartments atthe home of Dr. and Mrs. M. J.Stern, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mrs. Richard Wendling andchildren, of Lockland, Ohio, formerly of Paris, are visiting her mother.Mrs. Huerkamp, in Cynthiana.Clyde Keller has returned froman extended visit to his brothers,Newsum Keller, George B. Kellerand Alex Keller, in Dallas, Texas.Ray Harris, of the real estatefirm of Harris, Speakes & Harris, isin Sellersburg, Indiana, where hisfirm is conducting a sale of lotsDr. and Mrs. S. P. Mohney andchildren and Mrs. O. B Wilson, ofParis, were guests of relatives inMoorefield, Nicholas county, recently. Miss Frances Jewell, of Lexington, attended the picnic given inParis by the teachers and studentsof the Bourbon County SummerSchool.Mr. and Mrs. Mildred W. Kimbrell and Mrs. R. G. Moore and twochildren, of Paris, were recentguests at the home of relatives inCarlisleMr. and Mrs. John McLean anddaughter, and Mr. and Mrs. RussellRitchie and son, have returned froma visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Hardwick, near Carlisle.Sixteen Paris and Bourboncounty boys who have been in campat Camp Daniel Boone, at ValleyView, on the Kentucky river, havereturned home, reporting havinghad a great time.A. E. Hopper, of Detroit, Mich.,who came to Paris to attend thefuneral and burial of his sister, Mrs.John D. Shy, remained over to visitrelatives in Central Kentucky.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Burrisand family, of Paris, and John andChas. Talbott, of Millersburg, attended the funeral and burial ofHenry S. Letton, in Carlisle, Wednesday. Misses Jessie and Rosa EllisBall, of Nicholasville, are visitingRev. and Mrs. G. W. Nutter, inMillersburg. Rev. and Mrs. Nutterwill spend the week with friends, inNicholasville duiing the comingChautauqua.Winchester Sun: "Mr. andMrs. Jack Winn have returned homeafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JamesMcClure, in Paris Miss DessieEvans, of Paris, is a guest of heraunts, Mrs. Odacis and Miss MollieOwens."Lexington Herald: "Mr. andMrs. Leach, Misses Ruth McCauliff,Helen Rockett, Helen Blue, Mrs.Slade, and Mr. Clay Leach, of Paris,motored to Bide-a-Wee Sunday for abrief visit to Mrs. McCauliff, who isspending two weeks there."Rev. J. S. Smiley, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, underwent a successful operation Tuesday at the Massie Memorial Hospital, for nose and throat trouble,and is doing very nicely. His manyfriends here will be glad to learnthat Rev. Smiley will be able to beout soon.The following invitations havebeen issued:Mrs. Freeman SimmsMisses Oliva, Willie and Ruth OrrMrs. Clay McClure McGhee,Friday, July twenty-eighth,Nineteen hundred and twenty-two.Hours, three to six,"Mapleshade," Maysville Pike.R. S. V. P.Mrs. W. Overton Harber, ofRichmond, formerly Miss RachelWiggins, of Paris, entertained ather home in Burnam's Wood, Richmond, Tuesday afternoon, with twotables of bridge. Miss JoseDhineChenault was awarded the prize forthe top score. A delicious lunch wasserved at the conclusion of thegames. Ten guests partook of thehostesses' hospitality.Miss Anita Cromerlin andbrother, Gerard Cromerlin, andCharlton Clay, of Paris, expect toleave Paris early in August for atrip to Europe. They will be at theCromerlin home in Rotterdam forseveral weeks, and will later joinMr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock anddaughter, in England, and all willreturn to America in October.Mrs. Jesse Turney entertainedwith a most enjoyable dancing partyat her country home on the Maysville road, near' Paris, WednesdayeveningMn compliment to her houseguest, her niece, Miss Lucille Catlett, of Owingsville. Music was furnished by a local orchestra, and thehome was beautifully decorated. Alarge number of guests enjoyeddancing until ablate hour. Refreshments were served during .the' evening. (Other Personals on .Page 3)GALA DAYSFor the Thrifty Men andBoys HereaboutsEvery Straw Hat One-half PriceEvery Suit in the House Reduced One-third-to One-halfShirt BargainsUnderwear BargainsShoe BargainsBARGAINS GALORE!We are trying not to carry over any summer njerchandise. If you need anything it will pay you toget our prices.LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street -Buy Your Work Clothing Here and Save&.srjr.You, housekeeper s, know that many;bed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofiifocraiBed.$pringssuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place for dustand lint.And such sleeping comfort! You!just naturally relax and drop of"6into pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A nsw shipment of thssssprings has just roachod usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat.of all bed springs.CoorrighUd Shannon Bed Spring Co.,LZPiMInc.. Loukrflle. Ky. PZ'buiBM?9hHRr J,We also call your attention to thebest spring made ;r7fc)jEither of these springs sent on.30 days trialTHE J. T. HINTOJV CO.EITHERPHONE 36 PARIS, KENTUCKY SIXTH AND MAIMMotor Hoarse Motor Invalid Coach Undortakhwri.XT PAGE SIX-11 wvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY" iy ' " "nFRIDAY, JULY 28, 122TWILL ANSWERANY WOMANWHO WRITESWmna Restored to Health by LydiaE. Pkkham's Vegetable CompoundMakes This OfferCumberland, Md. "Mv mother craveTHe Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound when I wasbetween thirteenand fourteen yearsold and was going toschool, because Isuffered with painsand could not rest Idid not have anymore trouble afterthat until I was married, then I alwayswas troubled in myback while carryinga child and could notk my work until I took the VegetableCompound. lam strong, do all my washing and ironing and work for sevenchildren and feel fine. I always have aneasy time at childbirth and what it did:f or me it will do for other women. I am"willing to answer any woman if sheTrill write asking what it did for me."Mrs. John Heier, 53 Dilley St.,Cumberland, Md.During girlhood and later duringmotherhood Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound brought relief to Mrs.Eeier. Her case is but one of many weconstantly publish recommending our"Vegetable Compound. She is willing toanswer your letter. Write to her.Goad "Grain" Results.Artificial "graining" of wood hasbeen practiced for a long- time and6ome of the results obtained by themodern methods of printing from amaster roll of real wood are remarkably realistic, says the American Forestry Magazine. Through tills meansIt is possible to impart a good imitation of mahogany to plain, colorlesswoods and to metals.Money back without Questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDSKIN DISEASE REMEDIES1 (Hunt's Salve and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itch, Eczema,Rmeworm,Tetter or other itching skin diseases. Try thlotreatment at our riskVAEDEN & SON,Paris, Ky.FARMERSXTRADERSAPARIS, KY,Btgan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFraak P. Kiser, President8. I. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. TOfMitdhell, CashierJo. W. Terkee, Asi't CashierDas Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921.Vi1fUn71 -AlEVENINGSgXiy.Just History;TT!t 'LX.(MWABEHOUSES NOT NAMED BYPOOL TO BE SOLDWarehouse and other propertyowned by the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Association,but not needed by it for the transaction of its business, will be soldat auction to the highest bidder. Director of Warehouses Ralph M. Barker said as soon as arrangementscan be made to advertise them andarrange for the sales."In some towns we have twowarehouses, where only one isneeded," said Director Barker. "Inother towns we have three or fourreceiving plants where two are ample to care for the business. Insome county seats we have no warehouses and where it is practicableto do so, in establishing new receiving plants, the warehouses not needed will be dismantled and moved tothe location of the new receivingplants."In acquiring the warehouseproperty we now hold we have alsoacquired a number of lots, whichcould be sold for building lots, anda few other buildings, includingsome dwellings. Those will be disposed of at auction to the highestbidder, as well as our excess receiving plants."Because of the inconvenience ofhandling tobacco in some of theburley counties which have beensigned up or which now are signingup their crops liberally to the Association, the growers being compelled to ship for considerable distancesor being forced to a long haul tomarket, we have decided to establishreceiving plants at four new pointsin Ohio, four in West Virginia, onein Indiana, and five in Kentucky.These are as follows:"Ohio Crown City, Gallipolis, Felicity and Manchester."West Virginia Huntington,Hurricane, St. Albans and WestHamilton."Kentucky Stanford, Mt. Olivet,Georgetown, Greensburg and Columbia."Indiana Vevay."Mr. Baker said that in each casethe warehouse or receiving plant established would be financed locallyand in case of removals of plantsdismantled at other points the expense would be paid by local stockholders, who then would offer thewarehouses to the Association on thesame terms as the other plants takenover by the Association have beenbought.Director Barker has finished thework of taking over the receivingplants at every point in the disdistrict save two and and in thosebut one warehouse in each remainsto be deeded to the Association. Ofthe 130 plants available in the Burley district at the time of the organization of the Association 122 havebeen deeded to it and two more willbe as soon as the necessary adjustment of values "is made.In less than a dozen cases, Director Barker said, in arriving at thevalues of the property taken over bythe Association, was it necessary touse the services of arbitrators.THE WIZARD OF THE RIFLEThe Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho waits her home bright,Jmst presses a buttonAid has Electric light.In the shooting profession Ad.Topper wein is known as the "Wizard of the Rifle." Possibly his mostremarkable shooting with a rifle wasat San Antonio, in July, 1907, whenhe shot eight hours a day for tendays, and only missed nine in 72,500 2 -inch wooden blocks thatwere tossed 25 feet in the air by anassistant. When Topperwein beganit was his intention to shoot at 5,000 targets a day for ten days,and to create a world's recordfor this line of shooting. The scorer paid no attention as the thousands rolled by, and it was in the 7,000 block that Topperwein madehis first miss, so then the decisionwas made to shoot 7,500 a day, unless the ammunition ran out, whichwas what happened. Out of thefirst 50,000 blocks shot at he missedonly four. Not only did Topperweinshoot at the blocks, but he loadedhis Winchester each and every oneof the 72,500 times.In this remarkable test of shooting skill and endurance Topperweinhad straight runs of 14,540, 13,507.13,202, 12,210 and 10,383. It isn'tlikely this record will ever be beaten. It is a tremendous strain to undergo such a performance. Fromthe standpoint of endurance and thenumber of targets shot at andbroken this" feat stands as theworld's greatest shooting performance. Topperwein is the originator ofmany marvelous fancy and trickshots, also the drawing of heads,such as Uncle Sam, Indian Chief,and people prominent in everydaylife. He conceived the idea of drawing pictures with rifle bullets whilean artist, and his artistic temperament is still with him. A largepiece of tin or cardboard is used,fastened to posts in front ofthe audience, and then as fast as theautomatic will fire Topperweindraws the profile of Uncle Sam andothers with bullets.KENTITCEJANS HONORED THEWHOLE WOBLD OVER(Warsaw Independent)While in Cincinnati the writerpassed one of the large playhousesof that city and noticed advertisedfor next week "In My Old KentuckyHome," a million-dollar picture.Just recently they showed "TheKentuckian." Another theatre presented a Colonial play featuring the"Old Kentucky Home" as a musicalnumber, and a vaudeville numberused the "Kentucky Blue" for theencore.One might think Cincinnati booked such attractions due to the factthat it a border city, but such is notthe case. No moving picture corporation could afford to spend a milliondollars on a production to drawfrom cities in and near Kentucky.The other numbers were presentedby show people that are on circuitsmaking a major part of the UnitedStates and is their programme forthe season, and when we stop tothink as Kentuckians, while ourState may not be especially notedagricultural interests, for mining,manufacturing or her achievementsin a commercial way, she is knownthe world -over for the things thatcount in real life beautiful women, fast horses, blue grass, burleytobacco, brave men, a wonderfulhospitality and until Mr. Volsteadintervened good whisky.So, in summing up Kentucky's assets we can see what a part we playin the comfort and welfare of thenation. We are leaders in thatwhich is considered "the sport ofkings" racing; in the field of romance we have the greatest assetbeautiful women; with our burleytobacco we afford the comfort andpleasure derived therefrom to millions; our hospitality is universallyknown, and from the reputations ofbrave men we inherit the title ofKentuckians. No matter where yougo you are known as a Kentuckianand thus respected.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost, every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.STARTLING PRICES ONNEW FARM TRUCKS AND TRACTORSWe offer the following new trucks and tractors foreclosed onmortgage. All we want is to get money loaned on them.Inspection invited. Easy terms can be arranged. A profitableopportunity for dealers. Write us.NEW-NEVER BEEN USEDFACTORY PRICES OUR PRICESi 300.00$ 125.00Midwest Utilitors21 1-2 ton Ace Trucks with allweather cab, electric lights,starter and pneumatic tires1 1 1-2 ton Diamond Truck withcab1 5 ton Indiana, with cabf. o. b. LouisvilleSeveral used trucks and tractors also to be sold very cheap. Worthinvestigation.Address: ELM GARAGE, Inc., (Bankers Agents)426 South 17th St. LOUISVILLE, KY.2800. 002400.004800.001650.001200.002800.00Try Us With That Next Job!PRINTING asTHE NEWS JOB;DEPARTMENTWe PrintAnythingAny TimeThe Light That Didn't Fail.From out of Maryvlile comes thestory of a light that didn't fail. TheTribune reports that when a largenegro was taken before a judgecharged with the crime of carryinga half-brick concealed about' his person, he got off seotfree when he explained that he merely wore it to lightbis matches on when he wantI smoke. Missouri Note. Kane.E7namele4 " A " " - H'HI n nHi TTf issJssiliHslisiV ; llfjJWffl sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssFy.: ssssssWSaleIwin Bed-THESE WHITE ENAMELED1The Very Acme of Genuine ValuesBEDSJP . s'.'..i ft . . , .i..iiS.X MkVBHsSsHsSMBSSSSSSSSSSsfThere's nothing more' beautifuland artistic than a good WhiteEnameled Steel Bed and youcan now get one for a comparatively low price. We are offering a Sale of the finest SteelBeds on the market. Not onlyWhite Enameled but otherkinds 'as well. On "every bedyou can now save big money.Let us show you some realvalues.Wind SafeSELF HANGING. Trade MarkPORCH SHADESThis special selling comprises the finest and most durablebeds ever produced by The Simmons Ccmpany. By special arrangement with the manufacturers we have beenable to offer this sensational selling, making a record forvalues which will long be remembered. This is the chanceof a lifetime get one of these choice beds, enjoy the ccmforts of ccmfortable rest. Frcm the standpoint of healthalone these beds should be in your heme They will beIf you see them. Come in Right away.rJp STrfriSee Our Remarkable Bedding ValuesTvJr slSHOOSIER KITCHEN CABINETWILL SAVE YOUR STRENGTHGET ONE NOWComfortable Rest AssuredSee These MattressesOne large showing of sanitary mattresses, finely made,now lowly priced. The lowness of the price alone is"enough to compel buyingyet these mattresses offer thebest money can buy. They are all constructed from ascientific standpoint with only one view in mind to produce sound and perfect sleep. We'll guarantee them todo this. They are made of felted cotton, built layer uponlayer upon layer, are veil tufted and sewed, and comecovered m a durable Drill Art Ticking.A. F. WHEELER & COvCHAS. GREENE, Manager .yiTimgs. "L u,W.iltMu.,i-fMyf 7j-4.V.vf.""FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYPAGE SBV1HEALTHIN OLD AGEWhen one grows old the digetiYe organs lack vitality, theblood is thinned, appetitefails and the general healthmay suffer. Tanlac, the powerful reconstructive tonic andsystem purifier, is the idealmedicine for old folks. Itcreates an appetite by strengthening digestion through itsnatural influence, then thewhole system is toned up andold folks may enjoy primehealth. fgf"Tanlac zs sold by all good druggistsBUTTER, POULTRY AND EGGSMARKETMovement of live poultry has increased and is now above normal forthe time of the year, indicating anextremely large amount of poultryavailable on the farm.The demand for dressed poultryseems to be lighter than usual, and.values are working nearer to a prewar basis. Prospects for the balance of the year are that conservative values will rule.Extremely heavy stocks of storageeggs, as shown by the Governmentreport, with production still abovenormal, has had a depressing effecton the market, and values in theconsuming markets are Nnow aboutHAZARD BANK A PROSPEROUSINSTITUTIONThat the Hazard Bank & TrustCompany, of Hazard, is a prosperousfinancial institution is indicated inthe statement of condition at theclose of business on July 1, 1922.This bank, which was establishedSeptember 22, 1922, with a capitalof $50,000, has grown and prospered until,, in 1922, it had a total of5440,652.21 on deposit.THE NEWS is in receipt of a copyof the statement, sent us by J. Irvine Dempsey, formerly of Paris,who is now vice-president of thebank, having been promoted fromposition of cashier, which he filledacceptably for some years. The statement of comparative resourcesshows the following: September22, 1920, $74,392.90; January 1,1921, $241,948.31; July 1, 1921,$402,709.52; January i, $447,870.11; July 1, 1922, $502,165.86.The officers of the bank are:P. Wooten; activeJ. Irvine Dempsey;W. M. Pursifull;Ellis.0 " ""President, B.vice-president,vice-president,cashier, W. E.SARATOGA SALES DATESThe Saratoga sale dates as announced by the Fasig-Tipton Company, are as follows:the lowest thev ha hpon nt nnv imaay, August 4, a. JbJ. iiancocK,time this season. Indications are Bosque Bonita Stud, Charles Nuckthat values will have to be kept on'ols, Keene and Black, Keene anda conservative basis to move the ' Cleveland, and others,current production and surplus stor- Monday, August 7. Short Grassage stocks. gtud joseph Marrone, BalowanProduction of butter for the past studj R H McCarter Potter, W. B.week has shown an increase over aWatki w 0 Farmer and others.few weeks ago, due to better pastur- m ' . . 0 -, . . e. ,age conditions. The export demand' Tuesday, August 8, Belair Stud,for the time being is filled, and as w- B- Miller' Rwhard Trimble, J.a consequence, prices have worked H. and H. H. Gaines, J. S. Barbee,to a lower level. Indications are Dr. J. C. Carrick.that there will be a good production' "Wednesday, August 9, Carr andof butter the balance of the sum- Piatt, W. E. Walsh, Larchmontmerble.and values should be reasona-PRESBYTERIAN SUMMER CONFERENCE PLANNEDWhen you fed &The sixth annual summer conference of the Kentucky Synod of theStud, Stone and Rucker, R. H. Anderson, NW. C. Patterson, Jr.Thursday, August 10, Page BrookStud, Cary T. Grayson, SamuelBoss.Friday, August 11, A. B. Hancock, Charlton Clay and others.Monday, August 14, Adelberttv. tj-.-: d:ii PHceSi.oolYlUll o 11CI VCI111C X Alio by druggistsWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Props., Cleveland. O. ence-For Sale ByOBERDOREER, THE DRUGGISTBACKACHE ISSouthern Preshvterinn rhiirrh willnervous, toed, worried or Respondent it is a be heW at JackS0I1) Ky August 15 Stud- Herbert Stud, L. A. Moseley,sure sign you need MOTT 5 NERVERINE . 00 ,. . m. mii. -AfnRPlev nnrl Mnrlrlen. Mnnietta. StudPILLS. They renew the normal vigor and LU "-""""5 xuua. " xaiu, - --, .make life worth living. Be sure and ask for Superintendent Of Home Missions, duu oiueisj.who will be in charge of the confer- Tuesaay, iuigusc o, banioruAll of the meetings will be Stud Farms, Inc., Belair Farm,held at Lees College and the dormi- Lewis Garth, Whitney and Smitha,tory will be opened for the use of O. D. Randolph, H. C. Ragan.the delegates. More than 300 are Avednesday, August lb, vvnaupexpected to attend. Rancho, Edward Cebrian, Arrowmi,- .c-. i j:..:j.j ii- "Dni-nf Srinlr TT'nT'm TT! TP HnrmiHlme cuuituts ia uivmeu miu -- -. -, . -.---. . , Werfectthree sections. The Sunday School Thursday, August it, AaiapaBanner. LyeCilHIiviseasy to useNo other lye is packed so safely and conveniently, or is so economical not a bit wasted.No other lye or soap cleans and disinfects0 easily and thoroughly as Banner Lye. Itis not old-style lye. Odorless and colorless ;the greatest cleanser and disinfectant theworld has ever known. Use it for cleaningyour kitchen, cellar, sinks, dairy, milk-pansand bottles, forsoftening water, and the laborof washing and cleaning will be cut in half.'Makes pure soapend saves money besides. A can ofBanner Lye, 54 pounds of kitchen grease,ten Minutes' easy work (no boiling or largekettles), and you nave 10 pounds of best hardsoap or 20 gallons of soft soap. fBanner LyessoW fcyyr erocer er druggists.Write to es for free totklct, UtofBannr Lye?.Th Paw CbcaUcal Wrks PUtafefrhte U 6 ABUBBISH IN THE STREAMS.(J. J. Enloe, in Courier-Journal)I wish to propose a suggestionwith the understanding that I amtotally ignorant of any provision forthe same project.Practically all of our streamsrivers, creeks, and branches, thatare not navigable are obstructedwith floating material, namely fallen trees, rotton" logs, brush, planks,and a variety of old accumulatedrafts. Some of them become sobulky that they change the courseof 4he water. That, it seems to me,is not infrequently costly to property owners. Not only that, but somuch of that floating materials, including a bit of everything, has accumulated in a huge bulk againstsome of the railroad bridges in thisState as to endanger life, or to saythe least, the bridge itself.Would it not be a beneficent undertaking for Ihe State to appropriate a sufficient amount td rid thQstreams of that congestion of rubbish, and then require the respective .counties to see to it that property owners kept the stream .bedsclear afterwards?- With the exception of a big freshet which reachesout from the banks, the whole messis allowed to occur simply becausethe property owner permits the cut,or fallen, or loose movable materialto remain near or on the banks witha manifest indifference. It oughtnot so to be.There is to-day enough burnablematerial rotting in our streams towarm many a home, which would beglad to get it, all winter through.A long past and present waste couldbe made a needed, useful fuel.Then think how much better thestream would look without the ageold eyesore obstruction? Manyacres of land would be saved by theprevention of new water courses,which a dam of accumulated rubbish causes. Moreover, our streamswould then be available for otheruses; to wit, fishing, swimming andboating a much neglected sport,enjoyable exercise, and fine recreation, as well as unsurpassed training for our young people.A VMM IGconference, under the direction of Farm.the Rev. W. A. Hopkins, Superin- Monday, August 21,pendent of Young People's Work in Fard dispersal.the Kentucky Synod, will open, themeeting with a three-days' convenCanterburyTuesday, August 22, Sale ofbreeding stock, including dispersaltion. Immediately following for two'of Beverwydc Farm.days will be the Mountain Workers'Conference, under the direction ofWednesday, August 22, Reserved.Thursday, August 24, Sale ofMr. Talbott. Mrs. H. L. Cockerham, uorses m iramms iuihuuius uSynodical president of the Woman's PersaH of Mrs. Louise Viau.Auxiliary, will have charge of the' Friday, August 25. Blue Ridgewomen's conference the last three OLUU yed.nms&.Monday and Tuesday, Augustdays28Many prominent speakers in the and 29' Dispersal of Blue RidgePresbyterian church and others will Stud.have part on the .programme, it issaid, and the scope of the conference as a whole will be much widerthan in former years as heretoforeonly three days were given over lorthe entire meeting.In Berlin, a man accused of killing twenty people hanged himself.He got the right man at last.Diamonds Split Asunder.That diamonds sometimes burstspontaneously is a belief dating backto the Middle ages, and still widelyprevalent, though nobody seems tohave actually witnessed this phenomenon. Numerous broken fragments ofi diamonds are found in the vicinity ofthe Kimberley diamond mines in SouthAfrica.,,I ?a!nM iT RAPE-NUTS is a regI yL WmWMir bas f uli" of lhe bestties of wholebarley, caibakedalar thresfood qualimd maltedand slowlyV! Ik I-V I$ I'II Ii IIITo develop all their appetizing flavor,To preserve all their wholesorneness,And to provide nature's "broom" that keeps the digestive system spick and span.There's not a bit of artificial sweetening in Grape-Nutsit just becomes sweet of its own accord in the long baking.And that enticing flavor how good it is with good milkor cream! Fruits, too, fresh or cooked, add to the delight ofa dish of Grape-Nuts, morning, noon or sundown.It is a compact, ready-to-eat food no cooking needed.Why not try it for tomorrowVbreakfast?. - "There's a ReasonPortion Cereal Co., Inc., Battle CreekMich.. Z'28'-? X93Their KidneysBackache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys. To cure the pains and aches,to remove fhe lameness when itarises from weakened kidneys, youmust reach the cause the kidneys.If you have pain through the smallof your back, urinary disorders,headaches, dizzy spells, or are nervous and depressed, start treating thekicTneys with a tested kidney remedy. Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have beenused in kidney trouble for over 50years. Read Paris testimony.Thomas A'Hern, proprietor restaurant, 927 Pleasant street, says:"Doan's Kidney Pills are all rightand I recommend them highly. LIused Doan's some time ago whenmy kidneys were out of order andmy back ached, just over the kidneys. I had dizzy spells and feltsleepy. I lacked ambition to do mywork. As soon as I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills, which I gotat Oberdorfer's Drug Store, I got relief and three -laoxes cured me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget DoarT's Kidney Pilh; the samethat Mr. A'Hern had. Foster-Milburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.SETS A GOOD PBECEDENT(Houston Post)A Cincinnati Police Judge fined aman $5 for stealing a morning paperfrom the front porch of a subscriber. The judge said it was not theintrinsic value of the article stolenbut the degree of mental distresscaused the victim of the theft."When a man finds his morning paper gone his whole day is spoiled,"the magistrate said. Morning newspaper subscribers everywhere willcommend this judge. To those whoare accustomed to read their paperthe first thing in the morning, failure to find it is highly irritating.Many a man would as soon do without his morning coffee as his morning paper. Newspaper circulationmanagers 'exert every effort to havetheir paper delivered regularly andpromptly, understanding as they dohow it disappoints the subscriber tomiss the paper. The Cincinnati4nrtPA oAf. a srnod precedent in assessing a fine against the pettytkief.THE tTNlSfntSAL CAWYou Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service That SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYParis, Kentucky,m0mtI s 1l m m Km :ixasxaixHiiBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetXXXtyQAT curt nvb1 uni IUI nui ' u"If OUR WATCHWORD!i-3'J3 With all the latest improve-i monto in Ioiitiiwit onnlioTrtnW and expert helpers we aret!-V'1 prepared to do work infe-k:iA "'i P "' Vrt.5 vinr rk nnna ond orlii4-tJ 1(57 $ your patronage.The Bourbon Laundryf??BBMHKKJE7ji.$XiIM Turns'mmm miv i?tssmtf 1 tyKTViisrfvTmm&mx v y-i 1I .LSI '.J$S MiS'STaw'&m&tismzm t ii7m w-m- rw - -aMf. .f &Paris, Kentucky1 - ::LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGIN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.Slininiiim.tjI .' :tM u:rou x i i:tigsl-HSlsJSI-mrlrMmO'Two - Year - Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRLSMAN CO.FLORISTSNiMtMntk. St, Nnr Miia.f .BokPwi:IIJ..!1 'Ome day last wlc a train vas latewlwa a mam ,waal it t btmia,K,nnmiHi i, -wu. ..V"v V -"V. Js-."- JPAGI EIGHTTEt BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 28, 123MILLERSBURGDEATHS;N.fcrUrwting News Items From Bour' bon County's College TownMrs. Paul Smith, and baby are""visiting relatives in Carlisle.Mrs M. B. Pruitt and childrenrare visiting relatives at Somerset.Miss Margaret Bell, of Cynthi:ana, is visiting her sister, Mrs. AllenTMason.Miss Helen Owsley, of Cincinnati, is the guest of Mrs. CletisZEvans.Mr. Will Vimont, of Maysville,is visiting his mother, Mrs. Martha' Vimont.Mrs. Jas. Hutsell has returnedUrom a visit with, relatives in Mt.Sterling.Mr. T. H. Brown and wife haveTeturned from their bridal trip to-Grayson Springs.Misses Jessie Elizabeth andHose Ball, of Nicholasville, are visiting Dr. and Mrs. G-. W. Nutter.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Boyd and. son, Carl Best, of Mt. Sterling, visMted Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Best, thistweek.Mrs. Martha Vimont and daughter, Miss Florence, have returnedfrom a visit with relatives in Maysville. The Bourbon County teacherswho are attending Summer School-in Paris, enjoyed a picnic given by"Mrs. J. W. Lancaster, who served alovely lunch.Mrs. Stephen D. Pieratt, Mr.and Mrs. James Nesbitt, Miss Lilqian Kendall, of Mt. Sterling, Mr.and Mrs. U. M. White and son, Stepphen, of Prestonburg, were guests-of Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenter,Wednesday.The residence of Col. and Mrs.!. M. Best was sold at public auc-tion Tuesday, to Gordon Asbury, of3faysville, for 59,000. Mrs. W. F.:Saunders, of Millersburg. was thecontending bidder.. Mr. Asbury isrelated to Mrs. B. W. Wood, of thisplace, and will move shortly withJiis family to his new home.News was received here Tuesday of the death of Mr. Will Chanslor, at a Cincinnati Hospital. Mr.Chanslor wTas a former resident ofIMillersburg, son of Mr. and Mrs. I.'C. Chanslor, who for years ownedthe home now occupied by T. L.31arshall. Mr. Chanslor wTas a-nephew of Mrs. A. C. Ball, of thisplace.The Epworth League of the3Iillersburg Methodist church held a.-surprise meeting at the home of Mr.i-and Mrs. Jas. Ellington, as a fare--wellbefore they leave for their newhome in Huntington, West Va. As atestimonial of appreciation for theirv services in the League, Mr. and Mrs.Ellington were presented with a silver sandwich tray. Cletis Evanslias been elected president of theLeague to succeed Mr Ellington.Mr. Henry S. Letton, aged 76-years, died at his home in Nicholas" county at 6 o'clock Monday evening.- He was a retired farmer, and for"seventeen years president of the"First National Bank of Carlisle. Heis survived by his wife and twochildren, Mrs. John Marr, of Millersburg, and Harry T. Letton, ofJNicholas county. The funeral ser--viceswere held Wednesday at 3o'clock at the residence. Burial inr the Carlisle Cemetery. The activepall-bearers were: Reynolds Let? ton, Jesse Letton, Ruben Letton,I Letton Vimont, Everett Patton andCharles Layson; Honorary pall-bear-ers: A. J. McConnahaughy, Benja-min Thompson, Chas. Meng,' H. M.Taylor, William Peters and Z. T..Alexander..I TAX NOTICE.' THE BOURBON COUNTY TAXOOIOCSSIONER'S OFEICE, AT THE-COURT HOUSE, IS NOW OPEN FORTHE TRANSACTION OF BUSINESS.-ATT. TAXPAYERS ARE ASKED TOCALL EARLY AND LIST THEIRPROPERTY FOR TAXATION.BEN WOODFORD, JR.,(July 21-tf) Tax Commissioner.oOLA-LA-LA, JIM!The Cynthiana Democrat has the-following editorialettes in the "Pert-.ahd Pertinent" column:"THE BOURBON NEWS claims a-compromise is when a man agrees tolet his wife have what she wants if--.she will shut up."Press telegrams carry a story.that Jaynes Savage, of Paris, caughttwo 14-inch bass with a single shin-- er on a single hook. Why, Jaynes!"The BOURBON NEWS, tells of a" .fibrous substance resembling hujnan hair, seven feet long, which Mr.- J. T. Wornall, of Cynthiana, found- growing in his cistern and took to a-jaewepaper office in Paris. And justto think we have been eating peanuts by the peck when a whole cis--ternfull of hair tonic was right" Jiere in Cynthiana."..... oMAS ARM BROKENEd "Paton, in the employe of theHome Telephone Company, at Millersburg, sustained a dislocated, .shoulder bone and fracture of thetxme in the arm, while helping toMt a telephone pole in position. He1 -waft brought to the Maasie MemorialHMtital, in tail city, where his in-Jftrita were ! ntedical attention,tfce yatMattMaJt comfortable. ..Life Is But A Brief Span, A DebtThat All Must PayDAVIDSONRev. W. R. Davidson, wellknown in Paris, died at Danville,while visiting his daughters there.He is survived by his widow, Mrs.R. H. Patterson, of Paris five daughters, Mrs. Geo. Caswell and MissIrene Davidson, of Lexington, Mrs.Wm. Rynierson and Mrs. A. L.Gates, of Danville, and one son, W.W. Davidson, of Cincinnati. Thefuneral and interment took place inthe Lexington Cemetery, Wednesday. JONESFrank N. Jones, aged sixtythree, a prominent farmer of Harrison county, died at the HarrisonCounty Hospital, in Cynthiana, Monday evening, following an operationfor adhesions. He was a son of thelate James and Melissa Jones, aprominent churchman, member ofthe Masonic and Odd Fellows orders, and an excellent citizen. Hewas a brother of Joel and Bob Jones,of Bourbon county.The funeral was held at his lateresidence near Cynthiana, Wednesday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church, his former pastor. The burial took placeon the family lot in Battle GroveCemetery, in Cynthiana, where thecommital services at the grave werein charge of the Cynthiana Masonicand Odd Fellows lodges.SHYFollowing a lingering illnessextending over a period of severalyears, Mrs. Theodosia Hopper Shy,aged sixty-one, died at her home onSeventh street, at four o'clock,Tuesday morning. Mrs. Shy hadbeen afflicted from childhood with amalady which defied medical skill.Mrs. Shy was" a native of Nicholascounty, the daughter of Mr. andMrs. W. R. Hopper, and was the wifeof John D. Shy, of Paris, to whomshe was married February 11, 1879.Of this union four children wereborn, all being at the bedside oftheir mother when the , end came.Mrs. Shy was a faithful member ofthe Methodist church, and her children have followed in bed footsteps.She is survived by her husband;two daughters, Mrs. W. C. Bell andMrs. Luther Mclntyre, of Paris; twosons, Perry M. Shy, of Winchester,and Homer D. Shy, of Paris, and onebrother, A. E. Hopper, of Detroit,Mich.The funeral was held at thegrave in the Paris Cemetery, at teno'clock, Wednesday morning, withservices conducted by Rev. W. M.Williams, pastor of HutchisonChapel. The pall-bearers were N.A. Moore, M. F. Kenney, E. B. January, E. T. Rule, Jas. M. Russell andJohn McCarthy.STIVERSJames B. Stivers, aged fifty-two,for many years a business man ofParis, died at his residence on Highstreet, in this city, at eight o'clock,Wednesday night, following a longillness due to Bright's disease andcomplications.Mr. Stivers was a son of the lateMajor and Mrs. Joseph W. Stivers,pioneer residents of Paris, who preceded him to the grave many yearsago. His father was a drummerboy in the Mexican War, and servedthrough the Civil War as a memberof the Fourteenth U. S. Cavalry, rising to the rank of major in the service. He was the inventor of thenow famous Stivers bluegrass seedstripper, and was engaged in farming on the Bethlehem pike, nearParis.James B, Stivers was for manyyears actively identified with thebusiness life of Paris. In connectionwith the late Thompson H. Tarr, ofParis, he organized the BourbonLumber Company, in this city,in which business he wasengaged until failing health forcedhis retirement. Mr. Stivers wasporminently identified with many ofthe secret orders of the city, andheld the office of secretary in theOdd Fellows lodge for a long term ofyears.He is survived by his widow, Mrs,Margaret McDowell Stivers, ofParis; three sisters, Mrs. John M.Wood, of Winchester, Mrs. A. L.Burley and Mrs. L. B. Keal, of Paris,and two brothers, J. Hooker Stivers,of Paris, and Rufus Stivers, of Livingston. He was a brother of thelate Sherman H. Stivers, well knownParis newspaper man.The funeral will be held at thefamily home on High street this(Friday) afternoon, at twoi o'clock',with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. The interment willfollow on the family lot in the ParisCemetery. The pall-bearers will be:M. J. Lavin, John Dejarnett, J. W.Bacon, Charles A. Webber, H. C.McDowell and Elmer Linville.oWELL DRILLERW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)You can bring the color to yourcheeks and the sparkle of .health toyour eye by talcing Tanlac. Tahlacit eld-ibyalLgeo drugg iita.II -V tTrn J2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.FRIDAYHELEN CHADWICK and RICHARD DIXin "THE GLORIOUS FOOL"A delightful story of a wealthy young man who married his nurse ten minutes before he was supposed to die. A shrapnel shell of highexplosive comedy, loaded with laughs and surprises. Don't miss Mary Roberts Rinehart's famous story "THE GLORIOUS FOOL."All Star Cast, in "THE KILLER"A breath-catching drama, vibrant with action, seething with surprises and throbbing with romance. A picture you want to see.SaturdayPAULINE FREDERICK in "The Lure of Jade"A story o a woman transformed One great moment o revenge was all she asked of life or fate. It came! What did she do? See Pauline Frederick in this strange sstory that shows the tragic transformation of a woman's soul.ALSO PATHE NEWS AMD CRISTIE COMEDY, "All WBONG."MONDAYBETTY COMPSON in "For Those We Love"A human story of a girl who fi fights and faces disgrace for the happiness of those she loved. Story abounds in homely episodes and intimate glimpses of small town life. It is endowed with a power to make audiences live through every dramatic scene.ALSO PATHE EEVTEW AND CENTURY COMEDY, "CHEEEFUL CBEDIT."REAL ESTATE DEALSBernard J. Santen, of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co.,purchased a lot on Houston avenuefrom Lewis T. Lilleston, on whichhe is planning to build a modernbungalow in the near future.The handsome modern brick residence of Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, atMillersburg, was sold at public saleTuesday, to Gordon Asbury, of Mason county, for $9,000. Mr. Asburywill move to the new home in thenear future. Col. and Mrs. Best willmove to Philadelphia, where theyhave purchased property. Twentyfive years ago they came to Millersburg and established the Millersburg Military Institute, which,through their wise and efficientmanagement, became one of themost noted educational institutionsin the State, sending out many graduates who are now prominent in thebusiness world.KENTON HOME TOR SALEHome of Mrs. E. L. Kenton, at234 Lilleston avenue, will be soldpublicly by Harris, Speakes & Harrisat 2:00 p. m., Tuesday, August 2. Arare chance. See ad in this issue.(21-3t)oBLUEGRASS SEED GROWERSHOLD CONFERENCEA conference was held in Paris,Tuesday between officials of thenewly-organized Bluegrass SeedGrowers' Associaiion and Bourboncounty farmers. Seed men fromLexington, Winchester, Mt. Sterlingand Paris attended the meptiner.While no figures were given out itlwas saia mat tne pool promotors hadsucceeded in signing up practicallyeighty per cent, of the 1922 yield inthe State, of which Bourbon countywould furnish close to 175,000 bushels. While no prices have been setit was stated that the opening priceto be asked would be close around$1.50 per bushel.Contracts were made Wednesdayby the Association with severalcleaning firms, among them J. S.Wilson & Bro., Spears & Sons andthe C. S. Brent Co., of Paris, to cleanand store the 1922 crop of bluegrassseed, according to an announcementmade in Lexington yesterday by amember of the organization.TEA FOR ICED TEAIf you buy Ferndale or Chase &Sanborn Teas, you get the best,d. P. COQK & CO.o .OLDEST CONGRESSMAN, LINCOLN DOUBLE, DEADMaj. Job E. Stevenson, 93 yearsold, believed to be the oldest formerCongressman in the United States,died at his home in Corinth, Grantcounty, late Tuesday night. MajorStevenson served two terms in Congress, in 1872 and 1876, with "Uncle Joe" Cannon. Major Stevensonremembered Abraham Lincoln quitewell and often boasted that he borea striking resemblance to the martyred President. He served throughout the war between the States andheld the rank of Major at its close.He is survived by his wife and twodaughters. Funeral services wereconducted at the residence and thebody was taken to Circleville, Ohio,for burial.There is a wave of business revival;, but some men are kickingbecause it isn't a flood.Isn't it about time to change jf hesaying, "That's a' horse on megHo"That's am auto on m?" . -l -? s -AND!Double Feature DaR. C. Pictures PresentsA GOLDWYN PICTUREAIN'T DIS A SHAME?Some enterprising "hootch" dispenser of this or some other community is out two quarts of apparently good moonshine whisky as theresult of misplaced confidence in hisability to locate the treasure aftersecreting it.Yesterday afternoon PatrolmanGeorge W. Judy, while at the Interurban station, at the corner of Fifthand High streets, had occasion to investigate an ante-room in the colored department, and while searchingaround saw the necks of two bottlesprotuding near the top of a seat.When the officer drew forth the articles they were full of moonshine.Patrolman Judy took the "hootch"to the office of Sheriff Collier, in thecourt house, and returning to thestation, made inquiries, but noone knew anything about the liquorbeing there, or how it came to bethere.The Japs want an army cut., Thestrange part is they want theJap army cut.On Sale This Week in This Greatu -lGreat stocks of this season's newest styles most desirable footwear at reductions from 20 per cent to 40 per cent.The savings are almost unbelievable not until you see them will you be convinced that they do exist here. REMEMBER ONLY RELIABLE, DEPENDABLEMERCHANDISE OFFERED IN THIS SALE.Clean Sweep Sale of Ladies' Footwear Newest Styles White CanvasLace Oxfords and Straps. Reduced f jril.43Ladies' $3.00,- $3.50 and $4.00 TanOxfords and Straps, also Grey 4 rSuedes. Reduced to JIbuDLadies' $3.50 and $4.00 Patent andTan Straps and Oxfords, Reduced frg jpJz.43Ladies' 34.00 to $5.00 Tan, Patentsand Kid Straps and Oxfords. Re- 4t qi-duced to JZ.OUClean Sweep Sale of Men's Footwear Men's $4.00 Tan Dress Shoesand Oxfords, rubber heels. Re- a ftpduced to JZ.UUMen's $5.00 Grades Shoes and Ox- 4a affords, rubber heels. Reduced to.. JjJjParis9 Greatest Shoe' v tI (OPERA HOUSE I I7:00 to 1 0:30GALLERY-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.RECOVERS STOLEN AUTOMOBILEJohn A. Bower, chief clerk in theoffice of Superintendent J. A. Morrison, of the L. & N., at this point,has recovered his automobile, stolenfrom his garage on Cypress streetabout a year ago. The car was located at Ashland through the effortsof Chief of Police Link. Mr. Bowerwent to Ashland and returned withthe car, which, he stated, was infirst-class condition, having been recentely overhauled, in addition tohaving a new set of tires.The auto was found in the possession of a man who, it was alleged,purchased the car from his brother,who, in turn, alleged that he received it as collateral in a game ofpoker.oADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.AMAZINGSHOEVALUESDAN COHENStoreWbcre BeautyFRIDAYSaturdayMONDAYBIRTHSIn this city, to the wife of EvanMann, a son, weight, eight pounds,christened Evan Mann, Jr. Mrs.Mann was formerly Miss Bessie Gifford, of Paris.Near Spears Mills, to the wifeof Welburn Crump, a son, weighteight pounds, their first child. Mrs.Crump was formerly Miss BerthaHarney.Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Dickson,of North Middletown, are beingcongratulated uponthe arrival of afine daughter, born at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington.Mrs. Dickson was formerly MissMildred Collins, daughter of the lateJohn T. Collins, and Mrs. MaryCollins, who now resides on the Collins farm near North "Middletown,and is a sister of Wm. Collins, fieldsecretary of the Co-operative BurleyTobacco Marketing Association.Working yourself to death i3hard. Loafing yourself to death iseasier and much quicker.CU'2&-jS?Money-SavingwMen's $7.00, $8.00 and $9.00 HighGrade Shoes and Walk-Over Ox- fl j Affords. Reduced to tt KJlMen's $2.50 Tan Elk Outing Shoes f -yno JI.3Men's Tan Army Last Work f firShoes, now JI.UUClean Sweep Sales Missses' andChildren's Slippers, White Canvasand Tan $3.49 Grades Tan and f 4 nrPatents, now HJ1$2.99 Children's Slippers, 4 jQOne lot Slippers, $2.50 grades, 4 mw" 51.45Infants' $1.25 Kid Straps CO-,now jjyCBoys' and Youths' $3.00 Tan Shoes f 4 Anall sizes, 1 to 6, now . . ... . . . . aHHand Economy Rcia