r ,-Ai ft -v"----.4 &J$$r-,te e-L- r -: ,-J- T ' J- -"" ". tit -? -' -Jf . ? .t. j. a""Mli yv- Jl "i. - VPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1922Ma- iMlriMHHM'BHUSK .BSSW B& H 'HSSSSS'-SHBSSSSk'' ,BSSSfc.t "Hk? lita & $ b ft k HTHE.bourbonDISTEICT METHODIST CONFEE-ENGE CONVENES HERET0-X0B&0WPAEIS MEN ilGUEE IN FATALAUTO COLLISIONBEAUTIFUL SOCIAL FUNCTIONFOE CHARMING BEEDE-ELECTBASEBALLFXEDEBICK WALLIS SPEAKSON "MMIGBATION"ANAPPROPRIATE STA1TTHE CAMPAIGNc'icMThe annual meeting of the Maysville District Conference, M. E.'Church, South, will convene in Paristo-morrow evening, and continuethrough Friday. The conference willbe presided over by Rev. F. B. Jones,of Paris, Presiding Elder for the district. The opening address will bedelivered at 7:30 o'clock Wednesday.evening by Rev. Dr. H. C. Morrison,president of Anbury College, at Wilmore, Ky., a preacher of national,reputation. Dr. Morrison will preachfive sermons during the conference'.In addition to the regular business to be transacted, every phase ofthe church work, including SundaySchool, Epworth League, Woman'sMissionary Society, etc., will be presented by various speakers. Therewill .he seventy Methodist churchesrepresented by delegates, both clerical and laymen. Each church is entitled to one delegate for every 150members, in addition to its pastor.Rev. C. H. Greer, of the Paris-church, pastor-host of the Conference is planning for the entertainment of delegates in the differenthomes of his congregation.On Thursday the devotional exercises will be conducted by Rev. W.T. Welburn, of Millersburg. H. APower, of Paris, will speak on "HowTo Keep Sunday School ForChurch," Miss Elizabeth Lillestonwill .give a talk on "The EpworthLeague," Dennis V. Snapp, Field Secretary, will speak on "The SundaySchool," and Dr. C. C. Fisher, president of Millersburg College, willspeak on the subject of "School Interests."HERE'S BARGAIN IN HOME SALEAPRIL 15.Good, residence, good neighborhood, desirable home, corner Twelfth and Main, at Commissioner's sale,.Saturday, April 15, at 3 p. m. (It)oFERTILIZERHAVE JUST RECEIVED CASELOAD SWIFT'S HIGH GRADE RED-STEER BRAND FERTILIZER FOR"TOBACCO. PRICE LOWEST INSEVERAL YEARS. IT PAYS TOUSE IT. "BRENT & COMPANY,Incorporated.(mar21-tf)(r""me Know Row"EASTEROPENINGDISPLAY OFREADY- TO -WEARCLOTHESNew Stylesof outstanding distinction and merit.New Woolensof unrivaled excellence in appearanceand quality.New Pricesthat conform to present ideas of economySport and ConservativeModelsMitchell &BlakemoreSTEINAlMICHAELSA collision on the Lexington pike,aueto operated by Paris men. and a. . -motorcycle with side car attachment, driven by two Lexington men,resulted in the death of one and serious injuries to the other, of theLexington men. Victor Adams,;,thirty-five, garage proprietor, waskilled, and Wm. Jennings, thirty-three, Lexington barber, was seriously injured. The Paris menwere John Clay and Robert Burnett.Burnett, who was driving the machine at the time the accident occurred., stated that it was unavoidable. He declared he wa$ travelingat a moderate rate of speed towardLexington as were Adams and Jennings in the motorcycle and side car."The automobile approached themotorcycle to pass and Adams pulled to one side of the road. Thefront part of the automobile, according to Burnett, cleared the motorcycle and he was preparing to pullinto the center of the road againwhen he felt a pull on his rear hubcap. He immediately pulled fartherto one side of the road and in doingso lost control of the machine throwing it into the ditch and fence.The motorcycle and side car turned completely over and" Adams andJennings were found lying on theroad. Both were unconscious,Adams' body was crushed in severalplaces.Immediately after the accidentClay and Burnett came to Lexington and reported the accident "topolice headquarters. They were released on their own recognizance,after a formal charge of manslaughter had been place'd against them.They were formally arraigned Saturday morning before County JudgeDoak and recognized to appear fortrial on Monday, April 17, at teno'clock.Authorities who investigated theaccident said it appeared that theright rear hub of the automobilecaught the rear wheel of the motorcycle, turning the latter machineover two or three times.County Detective Frank Hall wenfjto the scene early Saturday morning and estimated that the automobile left the road and ran into awire fence, mor3 than 200 feet fromwhere the machines touched.Mr. Clay is a son 'of Harry B. Clayof Duncan avenue, and Mr. Burnettia a son or Mr. and, Mrs. E. F. Burnett, of Nineteenth street. Theykeenly regret the accident and theresultant consequences, but state itcould not have been prevented orforeseen. They are still sufferingfrom the nervous shock and strainoccasioned by the accident.NEW HOUSE POE SALENEW 7-E00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTEIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONNOETH CLIFTON AVENUE.BOUEBON LUMBEE CO(nov25-tf)MONTHLY MEETING OF BOUEBON POSTAt the monthly meeting of Bourbon Post, No. 30, American Legion,held in the County Court room Friday night, the report of the chairman of the' theatrical committeeshowed a balance of $275 realizedfrom the musical revue, "Fads and-Fancies of 1922," recently given at'the Grand. A communication fromI the State headquarters at Louisjville, was read, in which a plan wasj outlined for increasing the membership and suggesting prizes for thea u o.i;,vmjusmiis me greatest percentage of increase.The Post ratified the action of theExecutive Committee in contributing $750 to the Soldiers' MemorialFund Committee for the purpose ofassisting in the purchase of thememorial community house. Committees were appointed to formulateplans for appropriate observance ofDecoration Day. An appropriationwas made to the national organization for the purpose of adding to thefund being collected to decorate thegraves of soldiers and sailors whoare buried "in foreign countries.' o :SUBSTANTIAL HOME AT AUC-TION APEIL 15Substantial brick residence in desirable part of Paris at Commissioner's sale, Saturday, April 15, 1922,at 3 p. m. (it)oIf "Fatty" Arbuckle has to tellthat story to a lew more juries hemay yet come to believe il himself.Mrs. Henry Judy and Mrs. Wm.Clark entertained last Thursday,April btn, in compliment to meircousin, Miss Margaret Fergusonwhose marriage to. Mr. Harvey Rogers is to take place the last of themonth.As the guests" were ushered intothe room they could hardly believetheir eyes. The rather gloomyapartment known as" the JMasonicHall, had been metamorphosed.Dainty white muslin curtains, amass of spring flowers, and twentyfour tables covered with exquisitedamask, glittering silver and glass,and all the charming little conceits that go to add the finishingtouches to a luncheon of this kind,made it seem the work of fairy fingers. On each table was a tall slender blue basket tied with malinethe same shade,- holding a handfulof yellow jonquils. The place cardswere tiny little brides gowned complete witbbouquet and veil and thespace lor the name made a sort ofrest for the body to stand on.The bride's own table occupiedthe center of the room. The coverwas of lace and the color schemecarried out in every detail. A largesilver vase held the center piece ofEmperor jonquils and the china "hadthe same lovely decoration. Six ofthe bride's young friends sat withher.As soon as the guests were intheir places the luncheon was served, and such a one as can only behad in this beloved old Kentucky ofows.'"We forget there had ever beena Herbert Hoover and that every womari present had once signed a"conservation card." Ham, fruitsalad, cheese loaf, peas and champignons, beaten biscuit, hot rolls,creme de voaille, Nesselroade pudding, individual cakes and coffee.The ladies in line with Mrs. Judyand Mrs. Clark were the guest ofhonor and prospective bride, MissMargaret Ferguson, and her mother,Mrs. John Stuart Roberts, the mother of the groom, Mrs. Louis Rogers,Miss Anderson, of Georgetown, andMrs. Lowry Barton, of Cincinnati. ,The fortunate ones, who held thebest scores at bridge, were, firstprize, Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth, a silverbon-bon- dish. Mrs. Henry ClayHerndon, from Georgetown,' who wasMiss Hannah Ferguson, won secondprize' a silver bonbon dish; thirdprize, a long, slender perfume bottle, was won by Mrsf John Yerkes,and Mrs. Durand Whipple carriedoff fourth prize, a beautiful silverpencil.The honor guest, Miss Ferguson,was presented with an exquisite silver vanity box.The guests numbered nearly ahundred, many of them being out-of-townfriends. Among them were:Mrs. Lowry Barton, Cincinnati;Mrs. Chas.. M.McKinlay, New YorkCity; Mrs. Quincy Ward, Cynthiana-;Mrs. Bryan McMurtry, Cynthiana;Mrs. Sanford Allen, Millersburg;Mrs. Bush Allen, Millersburg; Mrs.Julian Allen, Millersburg; Mrs.Owen Ingels, Lexington; Mrs. Powell Bosworth, Lexington; Mrs..Howard Judy, Lexington; Mrs.Stanley Dickson, North Middletown; Mrs. Robert Ferguson, Newport; Mrs. Robert Anderson,Georgetown; Mrs. Henry Clay Herndon, Georgetown; Mrs Wm. Kenney Ferguson, Georgetown; MissElizabeth Ferguson, Georgetown,Miss Mary Hall Anderson, Georgetown. BUEGLAE FOEGEE ESCAPESThe office of the T. J. Flora CoalCo., at Fourteenth street, was visited Friday night by a burglar, whosecured a number of the firm's blankchecks and several rubber stamps.Later in the evening a negro man.presented a check drawn on theFlora Co., for $24, at the RocheDrug Store, in payment for a smallpurchase, and received the" balancein cash. Shortly after the checkwas discovered to be a forgery and asearch was made for the negro. Patrolman Judy found him on the 8o'clock interurban car, bound forLexington. Seeing the officer thenegro went into the lavatory, jumped through the window and madehis escape. He was pursued a shortdistance by Patrolman Judy, whofired several shots, but the fugitivecontinued his flight with acceleratedspeed and disappeared in the darkness. o :1-Another way of proving ''yourselfto be- a coward is to write, an anony-l mouse letter to somebody. v .-For the first time in many yearsParis baseball fans have had an opportunity of seeing a big leagueteam in action, 'the visit of the Boston Red ox on last Saturday furnishing the opportunity.The team arrived here from Lexington early in the afternoon. Aparade was formed, comprisingmembers of the Red Sox team inautos, the Paris team of the BlueGrass League, the Paris High Schoolteam, ,and . autos, headed by the Y.M. C. A. Boys' Band.A lnrPO nvnwrt tra-HnCkra.rl o Vi nLeague park, to witness the exhibi-1tion game between the two divisionsof the Boston team, the Regularsand the Yananigans. The game wasa fine exhibition of hard hitting, butaside from that, it was nothing outof the ordinary. ' The only thing toremember well was the fact that itwas a big league team, "showingoff." The game opened with lots ofpep and talk, and for two or threeinning the first-string anen openedstaged. In the first half of the thirdinning the first-tring men openedup with their heavy artillery, andtwo home-runs, followed by adouble, netted them five runs off"Rip" Collins, the bad man fromTexas. Agam in the sixth the oldtimers jumped on the big fellowsfor four runs. The Yannigansscored three runs in the fourth,seventh and ninth, and one in thefist. The" work of Pennock, twirler, and Burns, first sacker, for theRegulars, and Ruel, of the Yannigans, yas up to the notch. Secretary Harold Harris, of the Commercial Club, brought the visitors toParis. The score by innings:123456789Regulars .00512421 0 15Yan'gans .10 0, 30030 3 10The two divisions lined up as follows: Regulars Monosky, cf; Karr,rf; Walters, 2b; Burns, lb; Pittenger, 3b; O'Roarke, ss; Chaplin, Pennock, c; Yannigans McDonald, lb;Foster, 3b; J. Collins, 2b; Rosenthal, cf; Ring, ss; Mattes, If;Piercy, rf; Ruel, c; Collins, p.L Therewill be a business mppfino-of the members of the Paris ChurchLeague, at the Y. M. C. A. to-night-(Tuesday) at 7:30 o'clock. It willbe advisable for all members to at-rtend, as matters of importance willbe transacted.REAL ESTATE DEALS-Charles P. Cook purchased ofFrench Thompson, colored, a vacantlot located on South Pleasant street,adjoining the Embry home, for aprivate price. Mr. Cook will probabfy build a residence on the lot,which is a very desirable buildingsite.J. Will Thomas sold to Wm. 'Johnson, colored, a one-story framehouse, on Hanson street, for $625.Stanley Young is erecting a large jbuilding on the lot in North Middletown, which he recently purchas-jed from his brother, Graham Young.Mr. Young swill use the building asa general repair shop for autos and-trucks.Albert Wright, Paris contractor,is making extensive improvementsin remodeling the old colonial house,on the Xalapa Farm, formerly thehome of the original owner of the .estate, the late H. C.Buckner, and'family. ' !John Arkle, of Paris, has beenawarded the contract for erection ofthe new home planned by C. L.Steenbergen, manager of 'the ParisGas & Electric Co., on the lot onPleasant street he purchased soinetime ago. The new home will be ofbrick, and will be thoroughly modern in every detail.oCONDUCTOR DIES SUDDENLYSidney E. Lawrence, one of thebest known passenger conductors onthis division of the Louisville andNashville, died suddenly in Cincinnati, Sunday night. He had justcompleted his run from Knoxville toCincinnati, and going to his homehad taken a bath preparatory toretiring. " He was discovered deadin bed after by his wife. Mr. Lawrence was well-known in Paris.o ;VALUES TELL COMPAEE ;Shop around and if you can find a.better Unioni Suit than our Vassar.at $1 you buy it.(11-lt) J. W. DAVIS & CO. ;The average Senator's plan forsettlingr-a serious- problem seems tob to talk it to fltn.Mr. Frederick A. Wallis, DeputyPolice Commissioner oj! New York6ity, and "former Commissioner ofImmigration at the port of New IYork, who is here on a combinedbusiness and social visit, addressedan audience at the Presbyterianchurch, Sunday night, wjiich filledthe auditorium of that nandsomeedifice to its utmost canity.Mr. Wallis' subject, "Immigration and Americanism," was handled in a manner which showedthorough familiarity-with all phasesof immigration problems and the in-telligent'common-sense remedies:which should be applied to existingdefects. Mr. Wallis showed that theimmigrant himself and not immigration is the great problem which confronts America to-day. vMr. Wallis will delive'r an address in Lexington, Wednesday, atthe State meeting of the ChristianEndeavor. His services are in constant demand for addresses in different parts of the country. Herecently completed a series of addresses throughout New England.PARIS HIGH SCHOOL NOTESThe Inter-High-School debate between Frankfort and Paris will takeplace in the auditorium of the ParisHigh School, Monday evening, April17, at eight o'clock.In the process of eliminationFrankfort has won against Lawrenceburg and Paris against Mt.Sterling.The line-up for Paris on the negative side of the question "Restricted Immigration," is as follows:Paul Jones, Reid Bishop, ReneClark, Henry Clay; Misses Elizabeth Stuart, Elizabeth Lilleston.Paris is much interested in the'etc, and also many home-made ar-""-contest. The team is working faithfully. Last year's contest resultedin the Paris High School winningthe silver cup and there is. the hopeof another trophy to be gained.tv-.- Qi, n t. ..bvery teacher in Bourbon county,niiidiTifr ti,fl if. t,, ,--iincluding the city of Paris, joinedthe KentUCkv Ednnatinnnl AeenMa... , , ..... Inun auu a large numDer win attend.The sessions open in the first Chris-tian church, in Louisville, Tuesday, !Apni ii.FRANK &LADIES' OUTFITTERSAA '3rrJust ArrivedIn Time ForEASTMR:wkARAI'rcr1New Line ofCoatsFrocksSkirts(FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS ' -1- -.:Vi iLiYesterday marked -the optaiacday in the 'Clean-Up-and-Pait-Up"campaign for the city of Parid,as called for in the proclaaaffoaissued last week by Mayor Jamuary.It inaugurated the greatest gane imwhich the people of Paris have taktmpart in many years. The liae-ufor the game is as follower For tnpeople Business men, club, womwa.Boy Scouts, ministers, health authorities, manufacturers, 'dtatiats,doctors, lawyers,' merchants, news--paper p'eople. nurses, public officials,schools, parents, children and oth-ers. Against the People Germs,dirty yeards and streets, back yards,ignorance, impure air, flies, garbafcans, rats, indifference; filthy habits;poor housing, procrastination. Thregoals are to be fought for-r-human.-lives,human happiness and humaacomfort.Every citizenthis week will be-,come a volunteer health officer. Paris ""will be made as neat as a parlo, asclean and healthful as paint, rakes,scrub brushes and labor can make it.Let everyone fall in line. Rememg.ber the city wagons will call for allgarbage and refuse placed at a -con--venientpoint on the sidewalksWednesday morning. The . wagonswill not return for anything notplaced on the streets by Wednesdays -morning.v ,BIBLE CLASS BAZAARThe Women's Bible Class of theNorth Middletown Christian church,will hold an Easter bazaar in theRash building, in North Middlettown, on next Friday, April 14.They will have on display and forsale pot flowers, pies, cakes, salads,dressed chicken, ice-cream, candv.tides, such as aprons, bonnetsr etc.VALUES TELL COMPARESimply compare our showing of.oiecson uats lor easier witu auyx.otner showing anywhere. ,(11-lt) J. W. DAVIS & CO. -o-p. XMr , j . . . Tttt Wmd Md " hmtl f1HCC.THOMAS, WOODFORD & BRYANCO.tf!j-I'Waistsv"'WyfA'yt3T.. -A?t-''rr .bLr -.3JX&Z&fr-F. J5S-'W"fi5s.-2rrV!JT S1' ...l5 ,.--v- "s3 x'-'2 i$&k -J-. V.t-aafiswv viUSHHBB:- V,-?t2jr--n " irT-- '- -...V F$,. -- -a- T it-4 --.,r "PAGKTWOPMf: RAITBrcnTHl KKWS. fPATS:r KENTUCKY. -5TU1BDAY, AWWL 11, 1I1JL-.i -- TJ-"A." J- i- T yn ' ;sjli.jzfty"?it--'UtIT -sHE BOURBON NEWSwd 18f- 1.-41 Jears of Coatiamous PublicationMhtisked Every Tuesday and FridayPw Tear $2.006 Months $1.00s Payable Cash in Advance.CHAMPj'Editor and Owner.-ii-DEMOCRATS WILL KGADT LOSTGROUOT, SAYS 0USEThe prediction that -the Democrat-'r "ss.1THE MODEM" GULExcepts of course. torthTgent thatThe5 modern girls, theyhob theiiLjs spring fever 3 6 5' days of 'thecurls,ic party would make gains in every And paint their cheeks with rouge;State in the .East, North and West The shimmie dance, that shock theirand would retrieve, in the coming ' Aunts, -campaign, the ground lost in Tenn- They do when e'er they choose.essee ana xexas in me last election, T. ifrnrAt ,fi nftW thfiir nfitwas made by Representative Arthur Ingtead Qf Yucatan;r -a -rfa.H .v- - - - i- r' - . -- r .c -.round of intense 'human activity. -. tyear.PLANS FOE GOOD CROPB. Rouse, of Kentucky, chairman ofat the Paris, Kentucky,J Uffle as Mail Matter of theStcbnd Class.)They rpll their socks, produce someshocks,And flirt with any man.the Demorcatic National Congressional Committee.- In a formal state-Iment, Mr. Rouse announced that theCongressional committee organiza- The saxophone, with jazzin tone,tion would" be completed within a The "Scandal Walk" and such,WR FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES. Mtw York American Press Assoation. Chicago LorcL & Thomas.Philadelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.Atlanta Massengale Adv. AgencyCimcinnati Blaine Thompson Co- Louisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESweek."We have n proceeding energetically," the statement said, "andAttract the ' 'lamps" of modernVamps,'Who never cry "too much!"have about completed our organiza- , , . , , . . ,. . . ... ! Noctural jaunts to happy hauntstion in each State. Our committee . , .... , ., , . Where booze and liquor flow,includesafin its membership a repre- T ,, . . ... ...sentative in- Congress from every l . k"UUJC t'State in the union that has Democratic representation in .the NationalAlong to help the show.- Display Advertisements, $1.00 perkick for first time; 50 cents per inchc subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktr, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andifaailar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any 'advertisement orther matter for publication."Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.tAny erroneous reflection upon thekaracter, standing or reputation ofway person, firm or corporation-which may appear in the columnsml THE BOURBON NEWS will belao3y corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.SEDITORIAL FLINGSCivil service was intended to take jpolitics out of public office-holding.-.But nothing has 3ret been devisedr.to take politics out of civil service.The average Paris man is unhappy at thirty because he is losing-Ms nair, and happy at fifty be..c&use he has stopped worrying aboutiiaving lost his hair."- That Kentucky woman who isJaald to have confessed poisoning the-salad to kill her husband and thusJear the way for another man,"must have had an agravated view ofZ- the cruelty of divorcing a husband.A" Paris man says there is noioubt about there being improvement in the times. Nowadays ajK&n can pay $15 for a pair of shoes,ut it isn't compulsory even in the-vCase of the man who wants a good-jeair -of . shoes.Sirs. Cora Wilson Stewart thinks"ike moonlight school is taking thelace of the moonlight still in Kentacky. Education must be extendingatself if there isany such demandfor it as Mrs. Stewart lias discovered ' y. tKs sweet to hear the "songbird'stender mating call,?aTis sweet to listen to the music of' - the distant waterfall,fTis sweet to see the stars as they. appear at night -. "But"the strike of the bass is mychief delight.law making body. There are now 23 Their dimpled N knees, excuse me,States without Democraticjepresen- please,ta'tion. In all execept five of these Make men forget their wives;I have appointed a prominent Dem- i For few there be who would'nt see,ocrat to represent the -Sta,te on the Perchance they'de risk their lives.committee and the organization willbe completed within a week."The committee also will have awoman representative in each Stateand about half of these - appointments been made."Regarding political - conditionsthroughout the country, Mr. Rousesaid that reports from every Stateand many districts therein "indicatethat -the people are not satisfiedwith the present administration andare especially displeased with congress because there has been acomplete failure in redeeming thepromises that were made during thelast campaign."He described business conditions"as rotten," asserting that they wereworse now than three months agoand were continuing to grow worse.The emergency tariff -law, Mr.Rouse declared, has been an "absolute failure" and instead of helping j Are crazy and insane;Judging from the many tobaccojbeds seen on the farms of Bourbonjcounty, it is freely predicted thatthe acreage of the weed will be materially increased in the county thisyear.It is hoped that the growers havelearned a costly lesson, and willtake care of the crop grown in thebest possible condition. That is theonly way in which the price is going to be kept up through the Cooperative , Marketing Association.Each grower should make his bestEffort to grow a tobacco crop ofquality, and join the Association immediately, Jhus, securing the benefits of the most perfect organizationthe farmers have had in a century.isv-" '-JTFOR SAEEIron safe; -Hall, make-; 3-ft. 11in. high; t-ft. 11 in. wide; 2-ft. 5in. long; in perfect condition. CallCumberland phone 118.suij1 Their bathing suits, not even brutesi yvuuiu uuuci iaac iu wcai,They fit so tight, it is a sight,The things they do and dare.A powder puff, and other stuff,They use to help, their beauty;With thin eye-brows, believe menow'sThe time to grab a cutie.The wildest styles, is what beguilesTheir wonderful affections; 'The shortened skirts, of these boldflirts,Show many odd defections.To bake a cake, or doughnuts make,As mother used to do,Escape their thought 'tis easierboughtIn times where all is new.The styles of yore, to thjem a bore,FOR RENTLarge front room, v nicely furnished. Suitable for two gentlemen.MRS. HARRY LYONS,(4-tf) No. 918 Main StreetTWANTEDColored man and wife; woman todo cooking, man to work on place.Call jmones 334 or 136.' (4-3t,HOUSE WANTEDWanted, to buy or rent a nicehome in Paris. Call CumberlandPhone :No. 282. C4-4t)ft K-HDHHFurniture Finishing, Paintinr,Decorating, Graining, House andSign Painting, Interior and Exterior.Call Home Phone 475. -(7mar-to-apr28)the farmer as it was passed 'ostensibly," "we find farmers burningcorn for fuel and wheat selling lower than when the bill passed."BURLEY GROWERS GET A BIG"WRITE-UP"The buggy ride is low besideThe humming aeroplane.With all their ways, give them thepraise,They've set us in a whirl;Forget the past, and now at last,Go get a Modern girl.A motor car, a cellar bar,A wooly dog, a runner,A pot of gold, and things untold,You'll need when you have won her.The "Dixie Edition" of Tobacco,eastern tobacco trade journal, devoted to the tobacco trade of theSouth, contains a large amount ofhistorical and scientific informationnot only in regard to Burley tobacco,but to the dark types and the brightleaf of Virginia, North Carolina andSouth Carolina.The masrazine contains a three- Have you noticed vmir minimi atpage illustrated article on the origin tack of spring fever coming on yet?and methods of the Burley Tobacco ' Watch for the symptoms. It's fineFIRST CLASS COALWe are selling "the best grade ofBlock Coal for $6.50 per ton at theyards, and $7.00 per "ton for citydelivery. Why pay more? Everyload guaranteed.MANSFIELD & JEFFERSON LUMBER CO.Cumberland Phone 711, Home J510.(jan27-tf-T)Clean Up For SpringLet me clean your wall paper soit will look like new. " Climax DryCleaner used only.Also experienced help in regularhouse cleaning. Leave orders atDaugherty Bros.(7-3t) HARRISON BURRELL.We Buy arid SellAll kinds of household goods.Special price on a 4-piece BedRoom set a beauty. Come and see it.Home Phone 246, Cumb. Phone 402.HUDSON FURNITURE CO.Main and Second Streets.(augl5-tf)Cumb. Phone 402.EGGS WANTEDEggs Wanted We, pay the highestcaslr price, delivered to our place atBrent & Company's Coal Yard, 127East .Fourth street. Home Phonei90j Cumb. Phone 123.(21-tf- W. O. CROMBEB.BASE BALLHEADQUARTERSBalls, Bats, Mitts, Gloves, Shoes,Uniforms, and everything for theteam.BLUE GRASS CAFE." (14-tf)EEMEMBER WHEN YOU"SPRING FEVER?"HADGrowers' Co-operative Association,written by J. Sherman Porter, fullpage advertisements of the BurleyTobacco-Company, of Carrolton, thelatter announcing that the "facilities of this plant liave been "developed the past season entirely tohandling tobacco of the Burley Tobacco Growers Co-operative Association." The issue is well printed on booktime to take a psychological inventory of the Ego, that mysterious being that moves our bodies as the operator of a marionette show moveshis puppet-actors with "strings.Scientists never have been able toagree on exactly what causes springfever.Some say it's a lethargic drowsiness, caused by the body eliminatingpoisons accumulated durine- thoAdministrator's NoticeAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Washington January,deceased, are hereby notified to present same, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidWashington January, deceased, .arehereby notified to call upon the undersigned Administrator and makefull and complete settlement ofsuch indebtedness.AYELETTE BUCKNER,Adm'r of Washington January.(apr7-3wks)Small Chick PeedGET A SUPPLY NOWFROMR. F. COLLIER4'I"I"t"H"M"I"M"I"H!L'I"I'l"M"I"I"I"I"H'4l limitGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night1 37 . 299l'i"H'I"l''tl'llll'M"ll HHIPublic AuctionGF MODERN COTTAGE' '"It all right to-think of your son-.. vjin-Iaws, daughter-in-laws, mother-.ia-laws, and other "in-laws" as an, x jjtrmy of occupation, but while theyare urging you to head a party andzeconnoiter 'the restaurants, the pict-, re shows and the sights, just try?PPe.a1, to be a "good scout."-l s"' Don't criticise the fellow who is1 ardent about fishing and who spends- .a good" deal of his time' in pursuitvC the finny tribe. You must re-tember that when he!s out fishing"Be isn't knocking his fellow-men oriarborihg any grudge against them,, ' gii that a fellow is at his finest. J5wkn he's out fishing. He's a lover- "" f mature, and loves the sport forport's sake and the recreation ita aJtords him. ,paper and both in news and adver-' physical inaction of winter.tising covers practically every to- Help the elimination by takingbacco-producing section of the coun-jiong walk's, breathing deeply of thetry, including manufacturers and . fragrant spring air, or starting athose trades depending upon the to- garden,bacco business for their support, Another theory about spring feverthough devoted in the main to is that it's a reaction from winter,tne tpoacco industry of the South. maL warm weather making usdroop into the sluggishness of thetropics, home of our prehistoric ancestors, iA New -York bootlegger, giving! Maybe, too, it's air inheritancehis 'occupation as "professional." , from the times when the cave man.paid more than $2,000 income tax,after a lonS and monotonous winter L ?:2 P mHo the United States and the Unit-. m ms aen' strolled out to bask lazilyin the warm spring sunlight. -Odd thing is temperature, regulaODDITIES IN THE DAILY NEWS.Five-room modern cottage at 33Nineteenth street,WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1922,at 2:00; also household goods. Forfurther information see HARRIS,SPEAKES & HARRIS, or J. W.Brown. " (7-2t)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEed States took it!Side by side in a Washington pa-"Fole Gras."Tole gras is the French term forgeose liver. One of the most famousirfustries of Toulouse, France, is theelentific fattening of geese for the enlargement of their livers. The birdsare kept In special coops which pre--feottfecir taking exercise and are fedt the limit of their capacities. FoieKgri is Imported in jars or tins in fouriwnis foie gras au naturel, pate deJjWegras. rurle de foie gras and saucis-Tbon de foie gras.A 7a--. -Merciful.Fame may cause a cigar to bamed after t man, but, thank heaven,it doesn't compel him to smoke them.Boston Transcript. . -Itis believed Ireland may yet' i pfof ce unless they sign anotherr . j sir azrMoieat ovat tmere.Paris toLexington7:05 a.m m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.per is the announcement that a tor of the. amount of energy yourbridegroom of eighty jilted his bride-' body Senerates.to-be of one hundred at the altar, ! Har to work at all Dn a hot sum-iand the story of Mr. and Mrs. Alex mer day- Rainy weatherT also.Diuncan, who lived hear New Mar- maes many folks sluggish andket, Iowa, and their married life of,drowsy-seventy-three years. Mr. Duncan is ' - Researches by Ellsworth'Hunt96 and Mrs. Duncan 91. jington, of the National Academy ofA cat in Birmingham, Ala., proud Science show that human efBcipossessor of five kittens, adopted two ncy oes UP or down with the merbaby rats given h,er as a food and is , cury of the thermometer,now raising her strange family in ' At 60 to 65 degrees, we do ourpeace and amity. " Dest Physical and brain work, andAmerican girls, take notice of the are Wealthiest. That's why the ternemancipation of your French sisters ; perature of a house, office or workAll citizens of France, regardless of room neyer should go above 68 insex, may now marry after reaching rwinterthe age of twenty-five years, without I Sap starts rising in the trees.the consent of parents. This reduces Grass sprouts green. Plant life.by five years the age limit prev- DU(is. Chirping birds pause on theirously obtaining; members of the way North. The ice goes out, fishFrench Chamber of Deputies, who run on tne surface. The bear leaveshhve passed the new law, naively his den. Timber wolves stop run3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.11:55 p. m.LexingtonTo Paris6:00 a.-m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:00 p. m.5:00 p. m6:00 p. m.7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.v'"10cSTIMULATE YOURSKINThe skin with its net work oftiny pores and glands should never beallowed to become sluggish and inactive. Dirt, cold cream, rouge andpowder will clog the pores, enlargethem and produce blackheads andblemishes unlesss the skin is cleansedthoroughly with soap and water atleast once every day.This simple method of beautifyingwas Cleopatra's secret. She knew thatto have a fresh fine skin thoroughcleansing was necessary. She used Pahnand Olive oils, the same rare oilswhich are blended in Palmolive.If you use a fine mild soap, thereis no danger of irritation. Palmolivewith its creamy lather, is lotion-like inits action. It freshens, revives, andstimulates andvleaves the skin delightfully fresh and rosy. -"You can buy Palmolive Soap at allfirst class groceries and drug stores.THE PALMOLIVE COMPANYMilwaukee, "Wis..hope it will result in more marriages! In Bend, Oreg., two moving picture houses have installed a "pay asyou leave" scheme by which eachpatron stajrs as long as he likes andpays as much as he thinks the showis worth. According, to the manager swarm with marbles, baseball kftes.of the two houses, the receipts 'arelarger than under the old plan of Jbuying a ticket in advance. Bankning in packs and mate.That is spring the sunrise of anew period of life.. The backyard gardner a stirs.Farmer whistles in the fields. Golfbug smacks his lips. Fishermangoes over his tackle. Small boysSpring is the time to take a newlease on life, to get a fresh start.Fill your lungs with fresh air- andpresidents needing cashier material S to it.are respectfully referred to the pop- Thebest thing about spring feverelation of Bend! 2r - ,Js that It's a prelude to -anotkirCash Fare, 60c: Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date" unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TEACTION & TEBMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)TREESFor Spring Planting!Fruit and Shade TreesBlooming ShrubsSmall FruitsStrawberries( -ono Vines "PerennialsEvergreens .s HedgingEtc'Seed PotatoesEverything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden. A largeillustrated catalog and guidesent on request.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsANufsery Wdx;d in KentuckyLexington, Kentucky .(tiUllaprl .-K-'r iTHE notable quality of our professional efforts is theirdignified character.Our unfailing jpoliteness is at all timesfavorably commentedupon, Our servicesare faithfully performed.rpxxBXCOBzL-M" '!'' MmBV.t? r -I"-"Zr:. -Jfcr -fc--iEJ t ? - -t, '-4i VA ,"t&w-- jc-"---j-rV-'WTv. Vj- -$ s ?NS.v,r- .sKS-i : s - 5-r-r fxs. ' -i - -3S-'3K ',?,'s Y;-S"W.-, . 5--".-' "r2V "'.S-!k. o . . rC" X " v - ' "r-.. f j 3- .xr&.3-&;j,. JT -Vv.-'-vl- --" i- - " i . .r- " .-iaifekrtATlMTCSlI. .. .ss. - , j y v . . 'iTCTawr i1 ?&.- r- . - .-w , .-v-" n v -. - .;j- . f-S. . -3t i---s. yiy'7', :t r";v5Tuesday, april ii, i,. .- - -- , ,. r -' TOEBOunktN -news; ' PAMsrmfrijcKt -.V-. . - T4m, . T . --MMM-MMHHMiBiHMMMiMBBMnBamMB MaHMMMaaMHiHak.OLEIKA TEMPLE TO HAVE BIGCEREMONIAL FRIDAY 'More than one hundred candidatesare expected to journey across" theburning sands and he initiated, infothe mysteries of the order, at thespring ceremonial of Oleika Temple,Ancient Order of Mystic Shriners,which will be held at the WoodlandPark Auditorium, Lexington, nextFriday, beginning at 2 o'clock.A beautiful program in colors, emblazoned with Easter symbols andillustrated with excellent" picturesof Potentate Gus L. Heyman, Recorder Theo L. Jones, Past Potentate and' Treasurer John G. Cramerand members of the Oleika TempleDivan in full regalia, has just beenissued, and is receiving most flattering comment from the membership.Following is the oflicial program forthe day, which includes a street parade, ceremonial at the auditoriumreception and ball at the PhoenixHotel: -""10:00. m. Novices will report tothe recorder at Masonic Temple.12:00 m. Dinner at Broadwaychurch for novices, nobles and visit. ing ladies.1:00 p. m. Parade to WoodlandAuditorium.2:00 p. m. Pilgrimage to Mecca.- 7:30 p. m. Reception in palm,room? Phoenix Hotel.8:30 p. m. Shriner's ball, Phoenix Hotel ball room..Added Attraction Blue andWhite Card "gets you by" nothingelse.WOOLCBOP HARVESTED FROMAPRIL TO MAY 15April 15 to May 15 constitutesthe sheep shearing season in 'Kentucky during which time about '3,-PERSONALSMrs. Thomas Taul continuesvery ill,, at herfibme on Walkeravenue:OOO.OOO, pSunds of wool are clipped , " XT . ,,as the State's annual crop, sheep I , , . , . . ,x ,. ,. .m. A B v , y tedto her home in Mt. Sterling, aftermen say. The profits from these . . . , ,'f U & 1 III lll TW W-. H M M'JM wrrrw m, ,x a.w iio. oj. j.-. so.iums.m..fleeces make up 'from one-fourth toone-third of 'the total incoine fromMisses Irene and VirginiaSmith have returned from a visit toRHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good seif again?It has begn done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.the State's flocks, the chief object 'Mr.e -o t,. , eil u,of the Kentucky skeep raiser being Mrs j hn Dean and to hteFfthe production -of lambs for market, Misg EliBabeth .Dean, were recentit is said Late-sheared fleeces are isitors to friends and relatiyes inheavier than the early sheared be- Lexingtoncause the fiber has grown slightly! Mrs L D mtchell and Chii.longer and more yolk Has been se-drellf of West Virginia, have beencreted, it is, claimed. guestg o! and Mrg J w Mitch.jriuyei-anenuon to me nananng eil in North Middletown.(Dyspepsia Soon DisappearsWhen YouTakeTAN LAC" 25.000.000 Bottles Sold 'V 'WHAT WOULD Y0TJ -D0 IE YOUWERE AN 0PEEAT0E?Robt. M. Johnson has returnedof the wool cron offers nossibilities.... 1 xvuol. ivi. jounson nas returneufor materially increasing the income frmT1 Miwn sn,fM nr. nnfrom the flocks, according to L. J. .Indiana, wnere he h been unde;xxuiauf m cuarge oi me uoiiege treatment for three weeks.Ui e"unure sneep worK. MrC T?nhf n G4- 0i.w, "VUVil J. umuci, X.JXXH1..Jof Bourbon county, who has been'very ill at her -home, "Longwood,"near Mt. Sterling, for some time, isimproving rapidly.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. RobinsonI :. f-Cf ...UL T? " and children have returned to their1-fHL V-11 Wltn rillgerS home in Lancaster after a visit to"cv. auu. iuia. r laiitL ivi. iinaer, atNorth Middletown.Mrs." Nathan Bayless, Sr., whohas been a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city forCORNStk0 i ml l K3t$$gmV-'s I illon Pleasant street.Mrs. Virgil Chapman had asI guests recently at her home"on Dun- xMrs. Clarence WilkprsonLexington.JEWISH BELIEF FUND BEACHES$28,000.The Jewish Relief campaign in theBluegrass resulted in total subscriptions" $28,000, according to JonasWeil, chairman -for Central Kentucky. Mr. Wil attended a meeting of workers held at Detroit,Mich., Saturday, in the drive whichwas addressed by David A. Brown,national chairman.Lexington and Payette countysubscribed about fifty-five per cent,of the sum raised in BluegrassDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a lit-wic 1'iccLuuc vjj. an avuiiig v-waxx. iinstantly tnat corn stops nurting,then shortly you lift it right off withfingers. Truly!Your druggist sells a tiny bottleof "Freezone" for a few cents, sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andthe calluses, without soreness or irritation. (adv-T)NEGLECTING X.ATE LAMBS BEDUCES SHEEP PB0FITS"A big percentage of the secondsand cull lambs that 'go to the market from Kentucky each year arelate buck lambs, according to R. C.Miller, sheep extension specialist ofthe College of Agriculture. Thiscondition is apt to result in heavylosses lor sheep raisers who neglectcounties, in several of which chair-J aiwa ,,. ""rt ," TImn. pnH- !,. ,o, , fore sending them to the marketthis year, he said.man continued their camnaiernthrough the past week. Countiesinwhich the fund was raised are Fayette, Bourbon, JJarrison, Nicholas,Bath, Montgomery, Clark, Madison,Lincoln? Garrard, Boyle, Jessamine,Woodford, Franklin and Scott.Or -It has been announced that springis here, but reports that the peachcrop has been ruined by frost areawaited as confirmation.In addition to bringing a betterprice, lambs that are docked and altered are neater and present a moreblocky appearance to prospectivebjiyers, it was added. It has beenrecommended that all late lambs bedocked and all males, except purebreds of quality that are to be keptfor breeding purposes, be altered.oIs the radio nut a fan or a bug?WIIILCII v?Oinrher Cord . . 17.8530 x 3H Six-PIr Non-SkidCord Straight Side 19.8531 x 4 Six-Ply Non-SkidCord 27.0032x4 Non-Skid Cord . . 30.5032 x 4 Vi Non-Skid Cord . . 39.0034 x4H Non-Skid Cord . . 41.0035x5 Non-Skid Cord . . 51.50TTTT -r . -r . 30 x3H Fisk Premier Tread $10.85HE FlSK Premier 30 x3H-Non-Skid Fabric . 14.85AX- X - lum-1'1 30 x3H-Extra-PIy Red-Top 17.85B ' VaoH na n fn-o Txrhinh xa-ott-rur huu-m"X1WUU 0.13 CI UiU TITJJ.IV11yields an honest, generousmeasure of service at a lowprice.See this tire and comparewith any at a competingprice. It is your best purchase if you want a lowpriced tire. -v.It is a FiskTire, and is Fiskcharacter clear through.There's a Fisk Tire of extra valuein everysize, for car, truckor speed wagoniTime to Retire?(Buy Fisk)TtMmmWmmmWmWkWKmmWkmWmKand the person desired did not ans-some time, has returned to her home , . ZTTu P 7on PiBr.t tW calhnt ttled the receiver rapidly,both ofcan avenue Miss AliceKarr, dean of whiln hp fl1fl-rf lntn pn,;.,women at Hamilton College, and with youvollld yoa like Wm to askif. you thought you were enjoying apink tea?It would, no, doubt do us all goodto put ourselves in the other per-Mrs.- Charlton Alexander andMiss Elizabeth -firimpcj of Pnnc nttended the rvx-PmiH mwiT.r of son s place whenever we are inState officers of the D. A. R.-freld-in clined to find fault with public ser-Lexington Saturday x afternoon, "asdelegates trom Jemima JohnsonChapter, of Paris.Miss Katherine Day, of Winchester, widely-known and popularin Paris, has been appointed by Mrs.Minor, president-general of the National .D. A. R., to act as page forthe National Congress in Washington, April 17 to 22. Only two pagesare appointed from Kentucky.Mr. and Mrs. W; C. Sherwood, ofDuluth, Minn., have taken apartments at the Lafayette Hotel, inLexington for a month or longer.and are meeting many old friendsin the Bluegrass. Mrs. Sherwoodwas formerly Miss Amy Jacoby, ofnear Paris. Shevand Mr. Sherwoodwill celebrate the forty-second anniversary of their wedding nextmonth.The regular meeting of RichardHawes Chafer, U. D. C, which willbe held in the Confederate room inthe court house, Saturday, April 15,at 2:30 p. m., will be.in the natureof a memorial to General Robert E.Lee, this being Lee Memorial Year.The program to be presented will beas follows: "-Eerly Life of RobertE. Lee At West Point," Mrs. ThosA. McDonald' "Pir -Rio-v. p tt .-age," Mrs. J. T. Vansant: RoundTable The Work of The General U.D. C in the Lee Memorial Chapel atLexington, Virginia.' (Other Personals nn Page 5). oEXPLAINS NEW GRADED SCHOOLLAWSThe new graded school law passed at the recent session of the General Assembly authorizes a higherrate of taxation, but in order forthe graded school districts to takeadvantage of the provision this yearthey will have to make the schoollevy between the thirteenth of Junewhen the law takes effect, and thelast Saturday in June, the last datewhich graded school taxes may belevied.This information is contained incommunications sent to the secretaries of the graded school boards oftrustees by Superintendent of Public" Instruction George Colvin, inwhich he enclosed copies of the newlaw with the request that it be readat the next board meetings.The new graded school law repeals all graded school special charters, so all graded schools outside ofcities of the first four classes willoperate under the provisions of thislaw after it goes into effect. Thefirst election of trustees under thenew law will be held in May of nextyear, 1,922, when a JulL board of fivewill be elected.The new law authorizes the appointment of a treasurer, who mustnot be a member of the board. Italso sets out the obligations of agraded school district more definitely than the old law does and it provides a plan by which such distripts .QO nonnnt mr4 4-V.f. nl1M ahm I-"u.w vunuub meet IUC11 , UUllgailUUBmay be restored to their countyschool systems.To tell ""what Oojtrreaiudii? .ester-If you were a telephone girl andstood at a switchboard in a rushhour and if some , one took the telephone off the hook when therewere forty other people doing theI same .thing within a minute, and iftnajt person, having waited ten seoronds, should ask you if you wereasleep, how would you like It?If you were a telephone girl andyou had eighteen telephone wireswith plugs at the ends inserted ineighteen connections to enablethirty-six people to talk, and therewere seven of thes close togetheranda couple of people hung uptheir phones and you pulled out ofthe maze the wrong "wire and' cuttwo people off from talking, wouldyou think it fair if "three of the victims swore a little and asked you ifyou were out late last night?If you Were at the switchboardand some one asked for a connectioninstead of slowly as he should, andattling of the phone hook did notegister'in the office, and if after avice. Gas, electric light, trollev car.telephone, it is all the same! Theemployes generally do their workas well as they can.USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and" can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis -a fine linenbond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,Misery may love company, butwhen it marries its trouble usuallylooms.tCapital $15t,tH.HSurplus and Profits. 122,5t.tStockholders' Liabilities- 15,ff .H '-Protection to Depositors '...,. $422,5H.t .Established 18S1Peoples Deposit Barik& Trust Co.Paris, Kentuckyywe: want your -business andARE PREPARED TO HANDLE IT.lOFFlCERSS. . BEDFORD, President G. K. THOMAS, Vlce-Pres.-CashierGEO. W. WILDER, Vice-Pres. GEO. L. DOYLE.Assiseant CashierROBT. METEER. Vice.Pres.Five-Minute Toll MessagesThe initial period on station-to-station messages isFIVE minutes where the toll rate is 25 cents or less.USE HOME LONG Dl'STANCE 'Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorporated.-.Shoes RepairedWhile You WaitQuick srvice; thorough workmanship; best materialsused; first class workmen; modern machinery meansatisfied customers. We repair shoes while you waitno delay. " ' "ftf)CLYDE TYREENext Door to Obcrdorf tr's Drug StoreI S .mm1rMore Facts You Should Know!i4- -v. H - . .Stc -p-- -z.VvJfpfBuick Sixesaa-Six-44 Three Pmu. Roadster $136322-Six-45 Five Pan. Touring - 1393ai-Six-46 Three Pais. Coupe 188522-Six-47 Fire Pass. Sedan . - 216322-Six-48 Four Paaa. Coupe - 207322-Six-49 Seren Pes: To urirtg - J 58322-Six-50 Seven Pus. Sedan 2373Buick Fours22-Fotsr-34 Two Pate. Roadster $ 89322-Four-33 Five Pais. Touring 93522-Four-36 Three Pane. Coupe 129322-Four-37 Fire Pais. Sedan - 1393All Prices F, O. B. Flint, MichiganAsk About the O.M. A. C. Purchase Planwhich provides' for Deferred PaymenteBuick First AgainIn Yellowstone Park!Each year since Yellowstone Park wasopened to automobile travel by the U. S.Government, more Buicks have made thisdifficult trip than any other car excent-t ..mg v ora.The figures for 1921, just announced, show1871 Buicks passed through the Parkduring that season, 412 more than anyother make.The Yellowstone Park tour calls for everyounce of -ar performance miles awayfrom service for days at a time the carmust never fail. -And that is why eachyear an increasing number of Park tourists' depend on Buick.Buickcars measureup to Buick reputation. 1.rx(C-54)1?e.S. BALL GARAGEFourtli an&Pljeaaarit Streets, ar -2":4Lsl- rUjWV K ' p-J-? - -."- "" .7-m'1 4- is:3 k "i4--rtS"l f' 95 T.z&?. VaS?,-fi- - JU1 '.H!f.: fwwa?? .uufMy X-.&ttJL -5mzr25-?tr88- .&- f: day; requireiQtwo inckeg "tt tfc .S'u5--,v"uvlHSl .-a'&jsk.ZyfjVty,f JPyJbfv jk :'-i- ft., -1-.-J3V3T-f""--?' i. S2$ S Wi - .- -sgp4at.4.vjtPAGE FGKJRTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1S22. ;Paint and Varnish Salesman intkis territory to sell to property:.- v -owners'; f stcterles and dealers. salary and one-half gross profits tonan who can qualify.BIG FOUR PAINT & VARNISH CO.tll-3t) Cleveland, Ohio.DEATHSSheriff's Sale!BOURBON CtttCUIT COURTAlice Wilson PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale. jL. G. McCuddy .. ..-..Defendantlife Is But A Brief Span, AThat All Must PayBRIERLYDebtimpulses and a good companion atall times."Mr. Clay is survived hy his widow,one son and two daughters.Charlesty-three, a lifelongBourbon county, diedthe County Infirmary,BROUGHTON .Broughton, aged eighresidentSaturday atfollowing aBOUBBON FISCAL CQUBTYOUBEGGS"In transcribing his notes of the We want your .egggFiscal Court proceedings last Tnurs- trade(It) CCashorBy virtue of Execution No. 1390,directed to me, which issued fromthe Clerk's office of the BourbonCircuit Court, in favor of AliceWilson against It, Gy McCuddy, Iwill on the29TH DAY OF APBUr, 10??,about the hour of 2 o'clock p. mon the public square and oppositethe Southern entrance to the Court!House in Paris; Bourbon County,TrpTitnckv." expose to public sale, tQlthe highest bidder, the followingdescribed property, for the purposeof satisfying plaintiff's debt, interest and costs, amounting to $199.96,on day of said sale, to-wit:1 Overland 4 five-passenger Touring Car, Model 1920, Motor No.66402, registration No. 10355.levied upon as the property of L. G.McCuddy.Said sale will be made upon acredit of three months, and thepurchaser or purchasers will be 'required to execute bond, payable tothe undersigned and to be approvedby the undersigned, for the purchaseprice of said automobile.Witness my hand this 10th day ofApril, 1922. fM. PEALE COLLIER,Sheriff of Bourbon County.(aprll-21-25)John W. Brierly, aged sixty-four, for many years engaged inrfarming near Paris, died at hishome on-South Main street, in thiscity, Saturday night, after a shortillness of apoplexy. AMr. Brierly is survived by hiswidow, formerly Miss Nannie Maher,two sisters. Mrs. George Ormes andMrs. Ada Norman; and one brotherjHSamuel Brierly. He was a native orBracken county, and a son of thelate David Brierly, a pioneer resident of that county. ,.The funeral will be held at thefamily residence, at 2:30 o'clock,this, (Tuesday) afternoon, with services condupted by Rev. C. H. Greer,pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch. The interment will followpn ,the family lot in the JacksonvilleCemetery, -- ,,CLAY.long illness from infirmites of age.M$; Broughton was a resident ofthe Bridgetown vicinity, but afterward moved to North Middletown,where he conducted a blacksmithbusiness fon. thirty years. He washighly regarded by those who-camein daily contact with him, and, ,although a poor man during his entire ( ruary and Marchriav a NEWS renorter overiooKea apage on the County Clerk's book, inwhich the following importantof , transactions were recorded:"The proposition to reduce the taxrate from fifty cents on each $100of assessed valuation at thirty-fivecnts, was defeated by a vote of 4 to3,v one of the members, ' MagistrateBurris, being absent on account ofillness. The" County Treasurer wasinstructed" to borrow the sum of$i2,181.87, to cover expenses of theROad Commission for January, Feb-The Road Com-P. COOK & CO.EASTER HATSNEW AND-CHAEMIHG MODELS,' JSPECIALLY ?BICED.- , -MBS. XAYME AXKES.'' IIi1IDEPARTMENT STORElie, lie at different times took fourorphan children into his home andTeared them until they reached theirmajorities. He is survived by oneson, Preston Broughton, of Cincinnati. The body was removed from theCounty Infirmary to the home of hisbrother-in-law, Jefferson Wells, nearmission was authorized to advertisefor bids for road repairing on theroads at Ebo great ' a distance fromParis for the county trucks to reach.Magistrate F. B. Lowry read the report of Jthe March grand jury, con-,deming the unsanitary and unsafecondition of the county jail, andasked the Court to take action. HeNorth Middletown, where the funer-was appointed a committee of oneal took place Sunday afternoon, to. ascertain the cost of installingwith services conducted by Rev. F.M. Tinder. The interment followedin the North Middletown Cemetery.1 WMcCONNELLMrs. Lutilla McConnell, agedthirty-six, died suddenly at herhome on Fithian avenue, Sunday1 night, as a result of an attnot nfthreeThe funeral of Isaac C. Clay,aged eighty-two, who died at thehome of his daughter, Mrs. Wm.Waterfield, in L&wrenceburg, washeld Friday morning at il:30astnma being m but abouto'clock with services conducted at hours. .trie grave in tne i'aris uemetery oy Mrs McConnell was a daughter ofRev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian church.Mr. Clay had been ill for some time,due to the infirmities of age.Mr. Clay was a native of Bourbon county? being a. son of Mr. andMrs Joseph Clay, of this county,and was the last surviving memberof a lrge family. He was an uncle of John Clay, Mrs, Birdie ClayWebb and Miss Susie Clay, all ofBourbon county, and Henry Clay ofSpencer county. Mr. Clay was anardent sportsman, and was known tomany of the old-timers as a devotedfollower of angling, at .which he wasan adept. He was a man of genial?CANDY FOR EASTERIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLAI3AYMr. and Mrs. G. W. Kiser, of near'Kiserton, this county, and "was thewife of Mack McConnell, of nearParis. She was a young woman ofmost exemplary character, and onewhose family ,and friends will missher presence among them.Besides her husband and parents,she, is survived by one daughter.Miss Ethel May; four brothers,Cromwell Kiser, Ben Kiser, GeorgeKiser and Goebel Kiser; four sisters, Mrs.' Minerva Collins, Miss Bessie Kisr, Mrs. Callie Hall and MissMaggie Kiser, all of this county.The funeral was held at the Baptist church yesterday afternoon atthree o'clock, with services v conducted by Rev. Dr. George Ragland,of Georgetown College. The inter--ment took place in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearers wre Wm.Chisholm, John Chisholm, CarlSchrote, Home Shy, Edward Fariesand J. T. Hill. ' "steel" cells. Trustees of the Massie 'Memorial Hospital asked for a raise!in their apportionment from $4,500to $5,000, which was refused.!County School Superintendent Mc-Vey read the budget for the coming!year as arranged by the . County.Board of Education, showing an In-jCrease of fifteen cents over the present rate. County Judge Bafeterton,LMagistrates Bell, Stephenson wereappointed a committee to conferwith the Board of Education on thePARISKENTUCKYEASTER SPECIALS, . $25 SPRING COATS$19.85 "SMART SPRING FROCKSat $19.85AND UP'-,SPRING HATSThat are worth doublematter and report.-. '135I-3""$5.00 wto $19.50 INEW NOVELTIES ARRIVING DAILY IN SLIPPERS AND SPORTOXFORDSPUBLIC AUCTION-OFDESIRABLE HOUSE AND LOT!Saturday, April 15th, at 3 ?f M.We are authorized by the owner, Mr. Oliver Mann, to sell hishouse and lot, located on Elizabeth Street, in White's Addition, anddescribed as follows: 4 rooms down stairs, one large room upstairs;gas and electric lights; front and back porch, and a good cistern at thedoor. This property is in first-class condition.a The lot fronts 60 ft. and- extends back 150 ft.White's Addition, as everyone knows, has been steadily growingin popularity among home-builders. In a good neighborhood, close tothe City High School, and within a very shot distance of the business portion of the town, this property wilf represent a good buy forsome prospective home-owner.HAEEIS, SPEAKES & HAEEIS,Local Real Estate Dealers, will take pleasure in showing this propertyto prospective buyers, or call on the owner, " x(aprll-14) ME. OLIVER MANN.PUBLIC RENTING!The undersigned will rent at the front doorof the Court House in Paris, Ky., onSATURDAY, APRIL 22ndAT 1 O'CLOCK P: M.170 ACRES OF GRASS LANDoa the Cjnthiana pike about 2Y2 miles from Parisaad adjoining the lands of J. Miller Ward.TERMS Made known on day of renting.R. R. ROGERSBOWERMr. Marion Bower, aged eightyfour, father of John A. Bower, ofParis, died Friday morning at thehome of his son-in-law, Dr. HenryPittman, in Perryville, Boyle county,after -a long illness. Mr. Bowerhad been in declining health forseveral years. His condition in thefive days preceding his death wassuch that his family was summonedand he grew weaker until the endcame.Mr. Bower was a native of Tennessee, but came to Kentucky withhis parents when quite a young manand located near Danville. He engaged in the undertaking and furniture business, in which he continued until ill-health forced his retirement. His wife, formerly MissMary Frances Cozatt, died threeyears ago. The Danville papers payhigh tributes to Mr. Bower as a citizen and gentleman of the oldschool.He is survived by four sons, allholding responsible positions withthe U. & N. road, John A. Bower, ofParisJ Wm. Bower, of Richmond,Walter M. Bower, of Danville, andHoward Bower, of Winchester; fourdaughters,- Mrs. Samuel H. Westerfield, of Parksville, Mrs. H. M. Pittman, of Perryville, Mrs. D. M. Humble, of Winchester, and Mrs. H. P.Wilson, of Woodlawn, Ky.After a brief funeral serviceconducted Saturday afternoon attwo o'clock at the Pittman home byRev. Geo. W. Mills, the body wastaken to Parksville, and interred beside the body of his wife.We invite you to call and seethese new slippers and oxfords. Youwill be pleased.(11-lt) FELD'S SHOE STORE.FINE FOR SHEEPALFALFA LEAF SHEEP FEED ISFINE FOR SHEEP AT THIS TIMEOF YEAR. LET US SUPPLY YOU.R. F. .COLLIER.IMPORTANT TO- LADIESHemstitching and picoting attachment works on any sewing machine, easily adjusted. Price $2.50with full instructions.ORIENTAL NOVELTY CO.,(It) Box 11, Corpus Christie, Texas.ELECTRICAL WORKAnything in the electrical line to do, large or small job?Well, then, call 500 over the Cumberland Phone and youcan get it done by experienced men who do nothing butthis line of work. We do all kinds of house and motorwiring at the best prices, and it is guaranteed to pass fireunderwriters' inspection.Complete line of lighting fixtures, appliances, lampsand wiring supplies. We also carry in stockWIRELESS SETSwhich get music from Pittsburg, New York, Cincinnati andother places. We carry all parts for these, too. Come mlook them over.Blue Grass Electric Co.425 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYifNEW AUTO SALESKitterell & Calloway, of Lexington, report among recent sales ReoSpeed Wagons, with 16-passengerbus hndtes to Venard Owens andWeckesser & Markland, of Paris, tobe used in bus, line service.The C S. Ball Garage sold a handsomely-equipped five-passenger Buickmachine this week to State SenatorHenry S. Caywood, of North Middletown. This makes the sixth Buick car Mr. Caywood has purchasedof the C. S. Ball Garage.Pre-Easter Sale pfBoys' SuitsHere's a selling of the finest Boys' Clothes in town, so underpricedthat it will command the attention of every mother. Just at the rights time, too, when you are thinking of outfitting them for Easter.Inspection of these suits will reveal highest qualities-good all-wool' materials and sturdy tailoring that will-stand hard wear. Styles that' the boys like are shown in abundance in new color tones and patterns.This sale is only for a few days-April 10th to April ISth-so come' early while selections are good. Read the values we have to offersCOUET NEWSIn the County Court, Judge Batterton appointed Mrs. MargaretPlummer as administratrix of the estate of A. W. PJummer, deceased.JCrs. Plummer -qualHUd: by .tarnish-$5.00 Boys' Suitscut to$6.50 Boys' Suits. cut to$T.50 Boys' Suitscut to$8.50 Boys' Suitscut to,$10.00 Boys' Suitscut to...v$1 2,50 Boys' Suitscut to$1 S.OO Boys Suitscut to$16.50 Boys Suitscut to$18.00 Boys Suitscut to$20.00 Boys Suitscut to ...,$22.50 Boys Suitscut toCASH$3.50...: $4.75$5.75$6.75$7.75$9.75..$12.75$13.75$14.75: $15.75-$17.75NO APPROVALSR P. WALSH7th and MainParis, Ky.-- rr-'- ' riist. mmf:M6Ofi-Prte StoteByl.?R PRCVtTT1, Hi nU'Dona in me sum ut i,vvv, wimHom1?K?,enW eiudeIinvilfr, jLrtjnir j4BT116'aiid,C2S -T4mmSSHLT.i' AHaaVufkito. xH.-ix-,- - .y , - - .4 - r . , Jjr.-Sn --v5r :.tfv .'tr:! $&-v &TUESDAY, APRIL- 11, 1922.THE1 'BOURBON NEWS, PlttlSKENTUCliTAGBiitiri-.- ' -,- XuSSwawlk"GIFTS THAT LASTEE YOU LOOKING TOE DESERABIE HOME?Desirable modern home with allconveniences, corner Twelfth ,andMain at Commissioner's sale, Saturday, April 15, 1922, at 3 p. m.. oSALE OF -EDIBLESThe Mission Band of the Chris--tian church will have 'a sale of edi, noon' Apnl at three 'clockbles at the office of the Paris Baity LT'? Hr.t0n haS returnesd tobleson Saeturday, April 15. 1Company;Bring a donation and buy your Sunday dinner. (ll-2t)-HAS ABM BROKENBonnie Lee Perkins, daughter ofMrs. Hallie Lee Perkins, fell whileroller skating on High street, breaking her left arm. The injured member was given medical aid and thepatient made comfortable.O :POB SALE ". A ten-foot floor case, and Daytonscale. Apply toBENDEDETTI CO., Confectioners,Mrs, Corne BairdVOld Stand.CHANGE IN HOTEL MANAGE-!anMENTS-T'S.-'gPBTSEsl.i -. ... - -'t-:A change of management of theSt. Charles 'Hotel, at the corner ofMain and Tenth streets, became eifective Saturday. Mrs. Gillard ftealhas taken over charge of the hotel,which "has for some time past "beenconducted -by Mrs. M. E. Mitchell.oBETIRING FORM BUSINESSJames M. O'Brien and George W.Stuart, doing business under thefirm name of Stuart & O'Brien atthe corner of Main and Eighthstreets, have decided to discontinuethe business. They are now disposing of their stock of mercandise andwill take up other lines of businessin the future.SALESMEN WANTEDSalesmen wanted to solicit ordersfor lubricating "oils, greases andpaints. Salary or commission. Address THE HARVEY OIL CO.,(It) Cleveland, O.TEMPLE SINGEBS AT P. H. S.TUESDAY, APRIL 18."The Temple Singers" will closethe Paris High School Lyceumcourse, Auril 18. "The SororitySingers" are on account of sicknessnot able to finish the Lyceum season, and The United Lyceum Bureau, of Cojumbus, Ohio, have substituted "The Temple Singers," oneof the best musical attractions inthe South to fill the remaining engagements of "The Sorority Singers." "The Temple Singers" will fill theParis engagement Tuesday night,April 18, at 8 o'clock, at the HighSchool Auditorium.FREIGHTWRECKTRAFFICBLOCKSBoth- the northbound and southbound tracks of the Louisville &Nashville were blocked to traffic bya freight wreck which occurred atfMorgan station, Sunday afternoon. Fourten cars loaded withscoal on a northbound freight trainwere derailed, piling up a mountainof coal, which completely blockedthe ,tracks. The ties were cut fora distance of a half-mile and thecars were left crossways on thetracks. Wreckers were sent out fromParis and Covington, and succeededin getting the tracks cleared yesterday. No one was injured. Passengers were transferred around thewreck and later all trains were detoured by way of Maysville.HISTOBICSITE FOBCOUBTTENNISEdward Simms has made an offerto the Paris Community Service ofthe old Ficklin property on Mainstreet, as the site for a lawn tenniscourt. The work of cleaning awaythe debris is in progress.The old Ficklin building, which"as razed some years agtf after itsPurchase by Mr. Simms, was one ofthe first, if not the first, brickstructures erected in the early daysof Paris. The brinks iispA in itswubtruction were hand made, anddav f L m EngIand In "management of 'Clarence Sprake, theinenrl w . , t.T 0t prom J, uuc iexi Denma ln tne marchf DrOSTAcc ov. it .i.the ifltp hrl rrr ""uy zae owner,snia i oipurchaser.PERSONALSComings and Going! of Some YonKnow and Othen Yon"-DonYJulian Dunlap Howe is visitingjhis grandmother, Mrs. Anna E.Howe, in Carlisle, this week.' Prof. F. A. Scott, principal ofthe Paris High School, was a recentvisitor at the "Fugazzi Business College, in Lexington.Mrs. Arthur Hancock will entertain the Garden Club at her home onPleasant street on Thursday after-uyv"ie: aiT 6PenaiS tneweeit-eau in aris, as guest or hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. LawrenceHorton.Mrs. Ed. Weathers, of nearParis, who recently underwent anoperation for appendicitis at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, is recovering.Mrs. Thomas Taul, wife of former Jailer Thomas Taul, of Paris, isa patient at the .Massie MemorialHospital, where she recently underwent a surgical operation. ,Danville Messenger: "Mrs. E.G. Guttery and daughter, Miss"Edithof Danville, and Mr.- and Mrs. Til7ford Burnett, of Paris, were guestsof Mrs. H. W. Miller. Friday.,rkittle Miss "Wallace proctorYates, who had just recovered fromattack of pneumonia and scarletfever, underwent an operation recently for adenoids, and is gettingalong nicely at her home on -theLexington pike, near Paris.Miss Elizabeth Steele will return to-day from Fort Worth, Texas,where she has been visiting relatives. Miss Steele will be accompanied as far as Lexington by Mrs.Rodes Arnspiger, of Lexington, whohas been visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. S. A. Fall, in Paris, Texas.Friends of Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr, who was recently operated onfor appendicitis at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, will bepleased to learn that she has beenremoved to her country home on theGeorgetown pike. Mrs. Tarr ismaking rapid progress toward recovery, and will be able to be outsoon.C. R.JParrent, local manager ofthe" Piggly-Wiggly store, has beeiftransferred -to the' Frankfort store,and will move there to-morrow withhis family to reside. He will besucceeded here by W. B. Wells, ofLexington. Mr. Wells will move hisfamily here as soon as he can securea home. '. The Kentucky Chapter Triangle Fraternity of the University ofKentucky entertained with a danceSaturday evening in the ball room ofthe Lafayette Hotel, Lexington.Among the guests were MissesJosephine Fithian, Louise Connell,Margaret Lavin and Henrietta Rogers, and Messrs. Robert Lavin andBasil Hayden, of Paris, students atthe University. Music for thedancers was furnished by the Kentucky Six Orchestra, and fruitpunch was served.(Other Personals on Page 3)TWO TOBACCO BARNS BUBNED.A tobacco barn, containing aboutsix thousand poulids of tobacco, anda stock barn, in which was storedseveral farming implements, belonging to Ernest Taylor, located on hisfarm on the Danville road, nearNicholasville, were destroyed by fire.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor were away fromhome, and the blaze was discoveredby their son, who awoke when thelarge tobacco barn collapsed. It isbelieved the building was set on fireby lightning. A poultry house whichignited from flying timbers, was saved by a shower of rain. The loss isestimated at about $7,000, and ispartly covered by insurance.oOPEBA HOUSE IMPBOVEMENTSDuring the coming spring andsummer months an extensive schemeof improvements will be put intoeffect fn the Paris Grand OperaHouse, which is leased for a periodof fifteen years to the PhoenixAmusement Co., of Lexington. Thehouse will be thoroughly overhauledrepainted and redecorated, and anew wiring and lighting system installed, embracing many new andnovel feaures of modern design. Anentire new outfit of scenery will beinstalled with the design of givingParis a number of high-class attractions during th 1922-23 season.- Since the Phoenix AmusementCompany assumed charge of the Alamo and the Grand under the localpatronage has increasedfour-fold.High-class moving pictures TiaveurnIshed amUgment And educationcmwrera, me DOMnK in me-iuiureBOUBBON COUNTY. WOMAN'SCLUB COMPETESThe Bourbon County Woman'sClub has-entered the contest knownas the Co-operative-and AdvertisingCampaign launched by the Lexington Herald. It hopes to win one ofthe largest prizes the money to beapplied on its pledge to the Memorial Building.An appeal is made to every clubwoman and all friends who may bedisposed to help, to acquire the habit of "Label Saving."The articles in the list are milk,bread, flour, coffee, salt, matches,baking powder, lard, butter, baon,tooth paste, soap and so on downthe line of the housekeeper's necessities. The plan is simple: Ask yourgrocer for those brandsentered inthe campaign and save the labelsuntil further notice 'as their collection. These articles are of the highest quality and of standard price.Also' clip from The Herald thecoupon appearing daily and leave atthe Holladay candy store, or call onsome club woman to get it.The clipped, coupons expire within three days ,of dat. 'Begin to-day! -"oBOUBBON GAME PBESEBVENot alone in "merrie old England" will the term "game preserve"flourish as a solitary institution, for,if present plans are successfully carried out Bourbon county, Kyt, willhave a fine ;&Jt;nff territory. "MAn Organization of Bourbon county men have Secured options Onabout 4,000 acres of land lying inthe section of the county betweenParis and Lexington, which will beconverted into a sure-enough gamepreserve without taking away any ofits value or usefulness as farminglands. The following have been se-leected as temporary oflicers: LafeArdery, president; Robt. Adair, vice-president; Charles R. White, secretary-treasurer. The list of membersis being added to each- day, and thesolicitors are sure the required number will soon be secured.The objects to be attained are setforth is follows: A closed season onthe hunting of quail and pheasantsfor five years; dove and snipe hunting to be controlled upon the landsof each individual member as he.sees fit: members of the ninii tnhunt rabbits in season and to permit their friends to hunt wlienaccompaniedby members; rabbit hunting by tenants only upon permissionof landlord; all members to reportall violations of the game laws coming unde? their notice; membershipfee $2.00 per year.A number of pheasants have beenreleased on the territory 'secured 'forthe game preserve and a number ofquail will be secured soon fromTexas.EASTEB SALEThe Mission Band of the Christianchurch will hold an Easter sale ofedibles and novelties in the oflice ofthe Paris Realty Co., on Saturday,April 15.VALUES TELL COMPABEJust compare oursuits with any others?25 Eastershown any-where.(11-lt) J. W. DAVIS & CO.O iNEWS FBOM THE COUBTSIn the County Court, T. B. Joneswas appointed as administrator ofthe estate of Mattie Jones, deceased,with J. F. Conner and A. T. Current as trustees, bond being furnished in $4,000.Ayelette Buckner was appointedas administrator of the estate ofWashington January, deceased, withJames H. January as trustee, thepenal sum being placed at $500.Early Vegetable Plants ForSale 'Cauliflower; Cabbage; Tomatoes;Pondarosa; Stone; Early Anna;Chalk's Jewel; Tenton andAcme; Pepper Plants, hot andsweet; Scarlet Sage; Aster Plants.All plants in Reason cheaper thanyou can raise them yourself. Theseplants not on sale elsewhere. Buyyour plants fresh from the box andsuccess is assured. One and one-halfblocks from car line.JOS. LAVIN,332 West Eighth St.(ll-6t)HEL-L0E.T. 159!That will reach us with your order for PAINTING "AND PAPEBHANGING. Pap-liin .tigsjuck-up jop, .tlyrt IS the fcMomirlHM.it; CjUKagiiJl. -V w(It) S. E. BORLAND. ,,Be Good to YourselfMen's. Suits .$12.511 TB $301Hats$2.50 TO $5.00Shoes and Oxfords$3.50 TO $10.08Shirts95c 10 5.00LEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main Street - :Iu-uLIVINGsIn many designs at most reasonable prices.Let us serve you.. z-"-.-x-Buy it now. Columbia Grafonolas are the beitThere are features in the Columbia you get inTHE J.EITHWPHONCKMotor H rAND BUY THAT NEW SUIT, A NEW HAT,SHOES AND OTHER APPAREL THAT YOU HAVEPROMISED YOURSELF YOU WOULD BUY.YOU'LL WANT TO LOOK YOUR BEST ONEASTER DAY (AND THEREAFTER) AND WEARE HERE TO HELP YOU DO THIS. COMEAND SEE- US.5.00Caps For Men and Boys50c TO $3.00Boys' Waists and Shirts50c TO $1.50Van Huesen CollarsBetter Values in Men'sx and Boys' Wear,-H!LuLJWP,IIW, .WE ARE SHOWINGROOM SUITESHave You Heard the New Columbia Record Hit"ANGEL CHILD?"T. HINTOtt CO.rAM, KENTUCKY SIXTH AN MM- Mor InvaM r !r-STrBoys' Suits10Sizes13 1-2to 18r-a?9fTalking Machinesno other machine;u j m Irti v$12.5050ci (s.13tr- v'ras.5X..... . I H1V. fr fi: - -3..r' 3w5-e:w -&$&&p& t$5 v4ra?i- - . . '"" '---.--., -3 r&yh.- ". -"r. 'Jii5Pv."-.,. , V.. - Ar.;- . .-Ax-c-LSoi' j3bw f. v.- c r . , xi' t-,i-i-Sir- -S - .T 5ri- K" L.J'--Mt -i-t . -L. ""iff .? J t. LJ- t L3i ."5-J-f .fi-TTCt-- -W-.V-.PAGEfSttrTHE "BOURBON mWg, . PARIS,TUHSDATAPJtIL1- It- -V - ,:-rmmmmm-'. - --V-. -.- ,rf . J."i.9 nTte5SB3S,"r-'-S8v - JKi. i' ,r o- - i .,:, :Sr :z jrsg-iJ6s?.5." "&.- i j. y JKENTUGEY-- 5-w- ,- . r -, jr . . -- -i- .--- - --.- r.1 Tmk'y0iiyfrv SvTi lv 1MSDi rm-. ' WARNINGi Say "Bayer" when you buy Aspirin.Unless you see the n&ne "Bayer" on tablets, you are, not getting genuine Aspirin prescribed by physicianss- jjver 22 years and proved safe by millions fbr3 i Headache Colds l Rheumatism-T Toothache Neuralgia NeuritisEarache Lumbago Pain, PainTr? Accept only ."Bayer" package which contains proper directions.Handy "Bayer" boxes of 12 tablets Also bottles of 24 and 100 Druggists.Alrin is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacldester of SallcyllcacidTWO MILLION FOUNDS ADDED- TX) TOBACCO POOLCARLISLEWANTS TELEGEAPHSERVICE'A movement is under foot, withJL T. Ruddell in the lead, to inducethe Postal Telegraph company tosjnjstftll a gtation in Carlisle, which,has been without telegraph stationfive years. The only" way telegrams.can be sent from there at present is' to telephone to Paris, and have themessage sent from there, making itnecessary to pay the telephone message in addition to the telegraphcharge.ADDING MACHINE EOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the convenience of users of adding machines, ahtg stock of Taper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint. Youcan buy from one to' a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS.oRich Asphaltlc Deposits.JBituminous sands 150-200 feet thickIte along the Athabaska river for 78miles. Drawn out by the sun the tarnns into deep pools. Similar sandsare found at intervals from latitude 57degrees north to beyond the Arcticcircle. The soaked area Is possibly10J000 square miles in extent. Thisdspoelt represents the largest knownccurrence of solid asphaltlc material. JPLAN500-BED VETERANS'PITALH0S-A veterans' hospital of 500 beds,later, is recommended for the district consisting of Ohio, Indiana andKentucky, in the plan on which theUnitecTstatei Jfterans' Bureau isnow working, , 3!- j pUtion would be made-TWs ?r0g?55 j0'r to ear6 0 giaS'boBdbiojB&ment"tients suffering witn mental aisWithin the last month 842 newcontracts, representing 1,804 cresor 2,000,000 pounds of tobacco havebeen received at the offices of thefield service division of the BurleyTobacco Growers' Co-operative Association, Assistant Chief WilliamCollins said.The contracts come from practi--cany every county in tne Duney district in Kentucky and Horn countiesin Ohio and West Virginia and Indiana as well.Director of Warehouses Ralph M.Barker announced taking over thethree warehouses of the Kirkpatrlckinterest at Huntington, W. Va., thusproviding delivery plants for thoseWest Virginian growers who havesigned the association contract. Theother nine houses controlled by M.L. Kirkpatrick, of Cincinnati, already have been transferred to theAssociation.Tobacco belonging to the members of the association will be delivered- to the warehouses by April14, Director of Warehouses. RalphM. Barker said. ,Secretary H. L. Earley and hisoffice staff are at work on the second distribution of funds to thegrowers, but because of the volumeof 'bookkeeping involved in -the distribution Mr. Earley said he couldnot definitely fix the time of thedistribution. He said growers coulddepend on it that the second distri-atPROGRESS OF MEDICAL SCIENCEEEMAEKABLEthe earl'-eases is the outcome of the recentconference in Washingtonof neurspsychiatric specialists from variousparts of the country. Included inthe membership of the conferencewere specialists from some of the!leading hospitals for the treatmentof mental disease in the country.They prepared a program for hospital construction and rehabilitationwhich would provide 12..000 bedssaid to be needed to care for theservice men suffering from mentaldiseases.TAKES DIG AT DEY LAWChoose 8mooth Fabrics for Furniturs.When purchasing a material for upholstering purposes always choose aclose weave and look for the absenceof long, loose threads, on the surface.o.Grandmothers of office boysshould take unusually good care oftheir health just now."If wine were bacLfor the health,this fact would have been knownsince the days of the Romans andGreeks since the Genesis," saidPremier Raymond Poincare, ofFrance, at a banquet held in connection with the closing of "wineIweek.""America," the premier continued, "is, of course, the mistress ofher own internal legislation; but shemust recognize the truth as statedby the Anglo-Saxon poet wine ishealth, courage "and life."Citizen's Plain Duty.In social and political relations, asin business, we have no right to expect the other fellow to do what weourselyes are unwilling to do. If wesee what should be done we should doit regardless of what the other fellowdoes or when he dnpq It." It is reported, from London by Dr.A. Cowan Guthrie, of that city, thatdeath from pneumonia should shortly become a thing of the pasfc- Themeans to this much desired end isthe long-sought " antl-pneumococusserum, which will do for the activeprinciple of this dread disease whatthe anti-diphtherric serium has donefor the former scourge of childhoodsDr. Guthrie promises the details ofhis discovery, to the medical profession in a short while.Governor of the Philippines Leonard Wood is rushing improvementsat the Culion leper colony, and-hasistated that many have died from thisdread diseasewho might have beensaved had better conditions prevailed. The new treatment with'chaulmoogra oil has worked suchwonders with the ancient pestilencethat the fact isN overlooked that evenunder the most favorable circumstances a leper may not necessarilyrecover from this treatment and thatit is hardly to be expected that anywill unless hospitaL, surroundingsare of the most favorable character.Surgeon General Cummings of thePublic Health Service, draws attention to the progress made in combating disease as shown in vital statistics. "The war against disease isslowly being won," he stated. "Ithas not a few triumphs to its credit.Some of these are .well "reflected inUnited States," which during the last20 years' has dropped per hundredthousands of the population, for typhoid fever,-from 35.9 to 9.2; formeasles, from 12.5 to 3.9; for BCarletfever, from 10.2 to 28; for diphtheria, from 43.3 to ll.7; for tuberculosis, from 201.9 t o $125.6; forpneumonia, from 180.5 to 123.6and for all cases from 17.55 to12.88. Incidentally yellow feverhas been eradicated and smallpox,plague and typhus are being held atbay." -yiiiuiniiiiiiHinimiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiimiutWe Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Noveltiest Electric Washingl Machines, Irons, Tcssters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers-, All, Kinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas Heaters.All Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs rand GratesThat are VeryjPractical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETOPP. COURT HOUSEmmiiiihh inn nm nn ihum inn HimumigWHAT IS "A CREOIE?"MT -f -t-Build Up Your Community-- -'-)-Ai.vaiWe are for the man and for the womanwho is for the old home town. ""-"We are keenly interested in the growthof vour community. -The more prosperity in thesmaller towns and citiesthe greater will be the prosperity of Cincinnati.So once again we say patronize your home stores asmuch as you canbut when you find itnecessary to visit Cincinrnati to purchase somethingriot carried in stock bylocal merchants -come to Mabley's, -Cincinnati.womenEverything that is best inapparel for menand children.JPrices always right.Our rest, reading and check rooms aremaintained for your comfort and convenience. WelcomehSplendid Displays of SpringClothes for men, women and1 children are now being made.Kpsw .4fet -sj "wm rM Jfm EFssBrzmr vrv' r i rcod(anmcr unpis " v w yfllNATri fiRIATBIT TOJA" JT . tMftut:V5afc2fcsJCBkd3i-4?The Literary Digest, in an artcle devoted to the American negro,publishes a photograph of a "likely"'octoroon with the following underline: "The yellows, and high browns,are much admired. The types areseen often amojig the Creoles ofLouisiana."Therehas come no news of a shotgun quarantine 0f the circulationstaff of the Literary Digest In BatonRouge or New Orleans. The error,of the North, despite the ""dictionaries, is so old and so persistent thatthe people of Louisiana are less sensitive to it than they were fiftyyears ago It has become a standing joke, at the expense of the uninformed. Even riots at bookstallswill not result from its repetition,in all likelihood.Very probably the Literary Digest's writer had the very greatpleasure of seeing "Sam T. Jack'sCreoles," an organization rattierwidely known in musical burlesqueyears ago. The photograph published is that of a young womanmight have qualified for admissionto the Sam T. Jack organization.It always was, and it is, and itever will be, futile to attempt to educate the public in the North to apoint in which the difference between a Creole of Louisiana and uSam T. Jack Creole will stick in theaverage mind.15,000 YOUNG BAPTISTS VOLUNTEER POR SERVICEWhile Southern Baptists havecontributed two "to three times asmuch money to their general workof missions,'' education and benevolence since the 75 Million Campaignprojected as they ever did for anysimilar period of time theretofore,there "have come spiritual results,also, that are equally gratifying.Among these is the action of over15,000 Baptist young - people, indedicating their lives to some special-formof Christian service, it isannounced by the campaign headquarters. oNovel Cake Decoration.When decorating - a birthday cakeCor a child, use as a noeIty a bottleof colored stick :andy Instead of candles. The birthday cake can be madeA very attractive witn its candy candles and a large lighted wax candlea the center, with a mass of green ,leaves encircling it. The little folkswill think it great fun to eat the candles and will prefer the candy sticksto the conventional lighted candles.There is not wax to melt and runflown, spoiling the cake.v.Freudianism Up to Date.Psychoanalysis of the average manshows a definite love complex lor thatportion of the opposite ser wEd" canrender a cook stove symphony and adefensive i reaction- against the' babygrand performer.,.- "I f' , "Lenine evidently iinH going7 to diejust yet,-wWen means that RueeJa'sillness is still incurable. -White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRES 'BLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHTGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceL- Repairs Storage- Supplies(tfi - Cars WashedGET READY FORSPRINGFoy's Paints and VarnishesPrices atfOld Time LevelsGET FIGURES ON- PAINTINGNOW! Don't wait till Spring. Paintis most valuable for the protection ityields. ' This is the time to paint forprotective purposes.Paint to forestall the destruction thatwould take place. Come in and letr us figure on the job for you.We Are Equipped WithFULL STOCKS AGAINAttractive Wall Papers at Reduced PricesLet Us Have Your Spring WorkKANE BROS.CONTRACTING PAINTERS AND PAPER HANGERSSouth Main St., Opp. Bourbon Lumber Co.Cumberland Phone 1087 Home Phone 399iOT'd'1THE TTNLMERSAL CARDown They Go AgainiH? Lowest prices f. o. b. Detroit inthe history of the Ford MotorCo., effective January 16 1922Chassis $285Runabout :.... 319Touring Car ;T 348Truck Chassis 430Coupe . ;.....-..: 580Sedan ..." r 645(F. O. B. DETROIT)- ,- mJm feaP HLbb BLh. Wmv-3' c c :."- -" --'lmit:&i'M. 2-&P"-MOTOR COMPANYmfmmmimmmmmimmmmimmmmiwmIsj6l'", . "r jp" - - .-2--3eTUESDAY AVttfrPggg65mm&fcmEssemamtrv.RACE ANTtDftTES THRnW OUT THF I IMF-W W 1 I I Ilk klllL AJapansts Caral. -It is reported that about 05,000pounds of coral, worth $700,000, aretaken each year from the coral -bftdicf Japan. The work Is done by diver,the master diver receiving and grading the coral as it Is brought In."Wholesale ana exporting nrras seep.representatives there to inspect thecoral and make.blds for It The colorhas much to do vith the value. Themost expensive is "bote," a pale quincecolor; next in value is pink, then white,light red and dark red.oSuccess. ,There are exceptions to every rul,but generally speaking if you are notsuccessful you haven't worked hardenough or intelligently enough. Atchison Globe."GUFF DWELLERSHarvard University ExplorersMake Interesting Discoveryin Northeastern Arizona.-.'Give Them Help and Many ParisPeople Wjll Be HappierRELICS ARE WELL PRESERVEDrjTJ.i!ii.i.jn7Tijtvim.:vfamiKMI'WRIGHTSAM HOKtEi scientifictaonffConprepara-Ancltnt People Were IntermediateDevelopment Between BasketMakere and the PuebloCliff Dwellere.Incorins meat.tains all the neces-poib ; vtuva uicow tsbbcxftrith less work and riveadeliciousflavor.'Wiright'aHam i Pickle ia sold byyour uruggiaii- guarnxeea.Mtl I Tl 11 4 fc1vi.'.lll.iJ.J W J .1 Macfevmsirnada vtby con-densinffadnil hiekorvIn-mMcA J Siniblvend ftecifo annliedtm'fVi Aln-t-h r hmsli.Gives wonderfully deliclotu flavordoea away with old smoke housesaves 20 lb, of meat out of every 100 Jbe.A large ?L25 bottle will mokea barrel Ofiast guaranteed.Weight Food Productv Arm Guaranteed'For Sale ByVarden & SonDruggistsLFARMERSITRADERSBANKPARIS, KY,"Bean Business Jan. 3, 1916!CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000-00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiser, President"fl. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentTV. t& Mitchell, CashierJno. W. YerkesAss't CashierDan Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper...JUNE 30, 1921& r . .-BRIGHTER,SEVENINGStHSTSflCambridge, Mass. Explorationsmade by the- Peabody museum ofHarvard In the Marsh pass reglorf ofnortheastern Arizona have resulted Inthe discovery of the remains of anancient people who once inhabitedthat section and were Intermediate Indevelopment between the basketmakers, the earliest race known tohave lived In that region, and thePueblo cliff dwellers, whose remarkable stone villages along the Arizonacliffs have attracted wide-spread Interest. The Harvard expeditions to thissemi-desert reglpn, over 100 milesfrom the nearest railroad, were begun In 1914 by A. V. Kidder and Samuel J. Guernsey of the Peabody museum staff, and were later cpntinuedunder the sole direction of Mr. Guernepv. Prior to 1A14. commercial collectors had found traces of the basket makers, but facts about theseearliest people of the region had neverbeen secured by trained archaeologistsuntil the Harvard expeditions began.Preceded the Cliff Dwellers.These expeditions have not onlycontributed a mass of Informationconcerning the basket makers but nowshow the existence of a people whofollowed the basket makers In pointof time, but-preceded the cliff dwellers.The post-basket makers,. as thesenewly discovered people are called,resemble the basket makers In manyparticulars, but were clearly In a laterstage of development. The basketmakers had no permanent dwellings,whereas these later people had stonehouses In caves and In the open. Theyalso had pottery, crude in some respects, but with the beginnings ofdecoration, and some of It wa fired.This Is the earliest pottery known tohave been made in the southwest.Instead of burying their dead Incaves, as did the basket makers, theyseem to have lived In the caves andto have conducted their burials in theopen. Their more settled life is attributed to their success in agriculture. They grew corn of a primitivevariety.Skulls Long Instead of Round." Skeletons show that both the basketmakers and these successors had rather long skulls, whereas the cliff dwellers who followed them were a round-headed race and always had the backof the skull artificially flattened bythe hard board headrest of the cradles In which the babies were placed.The relationship of these variouspeoples Is still a matter of doubt. Itis believed the nost-basket makersprobably w;ere descendants of the basket makers, but whether they in turnwere ancestors"" of the cliff dwellers isnot certain. It seemfs doubtful on account of the marked difference in theshape of the head, even aside from'artificial flattening.The basket makers had dogs. Themummified remains of two were foundduring the Harvard explorations andare now on exhibition at the Peabodymuseum along with a quantity ofother ' objects Illustrative of basketmaker life.Many of the objects tound in thedry caves In this region are in an extraordinary state of preservation, onaccount of the dryness of the climate,despite their great age.How many thousand years agothese primitive people lived In northeastern Arizona Is unknown,- or howthey were related to the Indians ofthe present day. The scientific studyof the region is still in its early stages.'IThrow Out the Life Line"Weak kidneys need Tielp:They're often over-worked theydon't get the- poison filtered out ofthe blood.Will you help, them?Doan's Kidney Pills-have broughtbenefit to thousands of kidney sufferers. Ask your neighbor!Paris - testimony proves theirworth.Mrs. J. T. Mattox, 905 PleasantStreet, Paris, says: "Both myselfand husband have used Doan's Kidney Pills' with very satisfactory results and so far as my own experience goes I can recommend themvery highly. "At times my backwould have a weak and painful feeling through it and I would be quitedizzy by spells.- My kidneys didn'tact right either. I began usingDoan's Kidney Pills and they soonrelieved the trouble, restoring mystrength and giving me better nealthgenerally."-Price 60c, at" all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Mattox had. EosterMilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.'1 oNEW JOB FOE OUR PIEEMENiiylaot -mar wkempeb soWlimVEATlMGt JVvAn old manuscript, datihsr backalmost a hundred years before theInvention of printing, contains adescription of the punishment ofcriminals in a courtyard in the cityof London."One felloe was whypped uporihisbaryeback,"" says.- the script."Oh, but that was in the. middleages," says th& comfortable reader.So it was. But this month, inRockville; Md., two men one whiteand one colored were tied to postsand whipped. .- Agreed, beating your wife is ahorrible crime. Any man whostrikes a woman is a brute, and perhaps deserves to be treated as such.There is no sympathy for those whobeat women and were themselvesbeaten. But how about the rest ofthe community? The beating is reported in the newspapers. Peopleread of it. Children hear of it.Those concerned in the punishment.both victim and wielder of the whip,talk about it. An "eye, for an""eye?"Doubtless; but there was one whocame with a new law, and civilization has rested upon it, and it is not,most emphatically not, xto be brutalto brutes! . 'Beating a wife beater is doubtlesssalutary to" the beaten. But it isdeadly to the community. In thisyear of grace 192,2 can we findnothing better to .do for brutes thanbrutalizing ourselves by going backto the middle ages, aye, to the Mosaic law?..-;!- - '-,fcy- -- Residents of country towns willlearn with interestthat the fire lossof the United States for the year1921 exceeded that of any previousyear in the history of the country,"totaling more than a half billiondollars. The National Fire Protective Association calls attention tothe fact-" that of the conflagrationsresponsible for this disastrous condition fully seventy-five per centwere preventable. It is interestingto know that the county which mustdepend on the services of volunteerfiremen has a smaller fire loss thanthe cities with their highly paid andwell skilled fire fighters.There is no local activity deserving of greater encburagement thanthe activity of the local fire department. -It is amazing to find throughthe country so many men, withoutthought of fee or reward, ready toendanger their health and their. livesat the call of their neighbors. Surely there' is no nobler, no more unselfish service. The men gain norteward save perhaps the-thrill thatcomes to every red-blooded manwhen he answers an alarm. Yet wefind the volunteer firemen always onthe job.There is, 'however, room for improvement not in. the way theselads attack their tasks of fire extinguishing but in the more, constructive work of fire prevention. Fireprevention is tedious and thanklesswork to be sure, but if the fire chiefswould appoint shifts of men say twoeach week, to spend .-an hour back ofstores to see that boxes and othermflamable trash are not kept thereas a menace, if they will pay an occasional visit to the local motionpicture theatre to see that the doorsof exit open outward and that slipbolts are used, many a home, manya dollar and many a life "will besaved. The boys may not get creditfor the work thus done, but theywill lay up treasurers where theywill lay up' treasures where theymoths of criticisms cannot hurtLihem. "$11,000 WORTH OJ aUAIL DISTRIBUTED IN STATEDr.-R. G. Tuttle, executive agentof the Kentucky Game and Fish.Commission, announced that the icommission had completed distribu- .tion of 6,600 Mexican quail through- 'out the State. They went to 112 ;counties, the eight not receiving any Ibeing already well stocked with jquail. The quail cost the commission approximately $11,000. r"The formgr Austrian crown prince,proclaimed king of Hungary, probrably will find the job harder to acquire than the title.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPOr-WHITE BARBERS-4Modern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHSWRIGLEYSKN&. WmiPJ?. DOUBLE treat fvxC WWtkkkm. Peppermint, -i?10. for 5cB -;Sugar jacket just fejS -?"melts in your mouth," raHraaHLthen you get the deleo Stable gum center ySSffwMAnd with Wrigleys three old KSSgMjkMaking the next cigar yjLmssfeK dzh A&jl23uL -AW &xryA C30m arCLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGLEAD &ZIAINTJust HistoryIn TlThe Colonial DameSpun ber clothBy Candle flame.VIn I860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her gaeitiBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does pastHer home wai litBy flickering Gas.Bit the irl oi to-day"Who wanti -her home bright,Inst praises a buttonAnd has Electric Light.Paris Gas & Eke trie Co.Italians Scoop Up EarthFrom Roosevelt's GraveOyster Bay, L. I. Four Italians got off the 2:30 train atOyster Bay one -afternoon, Inquired the wayto Young's cemetery and plodded the mile and ahalf up the hill to the grave ofColonel Roosevelt.They crossed themselves, kneltIn prayer a moment, crossedthemselves again and placedflowers on the grave. Then theyastounded the attendant byscraping away the snow from aspot near the railing and gouging out frozen earth with theirfingers, stuffing it into theirovercoat pockets."What's the idea?" demandedthe attendant, strolling over tothem.J'This week," the spokesmanof5 the quartette explained, "wego back to Italyf We loved Colonel Hoosevelt. Colonel Roosevelt loved .Italy, AIL Italianslove him. We take back with usthis earth "-from his grave andall our families will be glad toget a little of it."-The attendant saidno moreit was learned that the four pil-Jgrims came fromJShlcago, where Jtney uajulived lor '2a yeara. - Ziiiiiiijiininft"Silent Room" for Testing Motors.A "silent room," designed to enablethe workmen to detect anydefect causing excess friction, or a break In thesmooth running purr of the motor, before its shipment is an innovation developed by a large manufacturer ofautomobiles. The room is designed after the manner of the chambers usedin phonograph factories for the creation of records, absolutely protectedagainst .outside sounds.i,r$Guarantee;: JS':'It means actual cash in you?pocket to take advantage ofthis offer!n"Thrift.To live well differs from living extravagantly: for the first comes frommoderation and a sufficiency andgoodorder and propriety and frugality, butthe other omes from intemperanceand luxury and want of order- andwant of propriety. And the end (theconsequence) of -the one ' is "" truepraise, but of the other blame. Iffthen, you wish to live well, do notseek to be commended for profuse expenditure. Epictetus CA. D. 90).)rrrHis Justification.In a small country school, during arcess period, the teacher in chargeof the playground saw 'one of the boysabout seven years old strike one ofthe girls. "Norman," said the teacher,i'no gentleman would strike' a lady."After careful thought theboy replied:"Well, no lady would tickle a gentle-,man.9rO-"nnnRfituehts" will soon be.overworked word again until-.-- ll.i-fAt - "r "''sti. . " ( . SBh''Tcr. ticuuuui .,-anaf-w- -tfN-r Jv- s,"TOGfeAiNT half your house with DevoeJL Lead and Zinc Painty paint the otherhalf with any other paint-you choose.If Devoe doesn't take fewer gallons andcost less money, we will make no chargefor Devoe.If Devoe doesn't wear a year or two or threeyears longer longer and Jbetterrwe willgive you enough Devoie to do the job oyer.Or, paint half your house lead-and-oil; theother half Devoe. In three years the lead-and-oilhalf will be hungry for more paint,with Devoe still sound.If not, we'll give you enough for the: wholehouse.Devoe Products are time-tested arid proven,backed by the 168 years' experience of theoldest paint manufacturing concern in theU. S. Founded 1754.The J. T. Hinton Co.U--vXTrit'. ' -mssssKnQBtU547jrtai 'i. -i- -. jrt:i : . i i ' .-- .-;- - 2-r&- -v 2Er - -- -'zir jz--ttS&-i?-ff:rs- , .,.?, -z x--?,---i-J-rfi5aBa6asr- 2r. :-ltt.'r.tf -,' l v5-.:" ---- -V-Z--.'- '? V;yA:.-v-.'T-2d-f;- 43J?. v.'-" -, '- T-jj'''''-'" ''"'':?'' i-w- i -& 'kit . ; ip- -zi-jt- V'-r"" ?.-2':x H. Js-?334r: vY. r .' - Tf-jStelBjSjv?TvPrJZ' Uiij V?i.fW':1 " -"-Vm-':.T$&4.:s'S4xv Sp, J.-: i'!-Z-rt-- ."-" '17.-'-THE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KETUOglTTUBSDAYAPJtlL 11, lt22.PAGE EIGHT-m" m ' r jL - y r"?-riM1LLERSBURGlUttttiting Kews Items From Sour" ton County's College TownDr. H. M. Boxley lias .been-qiiite ill for several days.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Lail, of Paris,7risHsd relatives here Sunday.' "Mr. Howard Judy, of Lexington, visited relatives here Thurswday. The Home Telephone Co. has installed a new switchboard here,-which has added greatly to its service. Mrs. Mary Boston is attending-the Teachers' Convention, at LouSirille this week.Miss Mary Taylor visited herister, Mrs. K. B. Hutchings, at3Lxington, Sunday.Mr. Parley Evans leaves to-dayfor Colorado Springs,, Col., for thebenefit of his health., Mrs. Mary Huffman has returned from an extended visit withrelatives in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Howard, ofXexington, were guests of W. D. Mc"Intyre and family Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Royce Allen, ofEASTEROUTFITMen's and Young Men'sLatest Style Suits25-30-40Boys' Knee-Pant Suits5.001020.00Winchester, are visiting Mr.Allen and Mrs. Frank Cook.c S. C. Bascom and- daughter, Sue,are visiting relatives and friends inOwingsville and Bath counties.Mr. Lee Brown, -of Chicago, isvisiting his brother and sisteF, Mr.Will Brown, and Miss Lydia Brown.Mr. William Welburn, of K. W.W. C, Winchester, spent the week-1end with his parents, Rev. and Mrs.W. D. Welburn.A letter mailed at the Millersburg postoffice .dated November 11,192u, addressed to a gentleman inNew York, has just been returnedto the writer, at this office, April 8,1922.Miss Mary McDaniel and littleniece, Mary McDaniel Carrington, ofIrvine, are visiting J. F McDanielanr? familvTile student body 8f the Millersburg High School will take theirspring vacation this, week, while theentire faculty attends the KentuckyEducational Association, - whichmeets in Louisville, April 11 to 14.Mr. Proctor Wood, of CenterCollege, Danville, spent the weekend with his mother, Mrs. B. F.Wood.FOR SALE A good piano, inperfect condition. Has been usedvery little. Also one iron safe.Call Home Phone No. 14.NOTICE As agent for John A.Keller Co., florist, Lexington, I solicit your Easter orders. Satisfaction guaranteed, and any ordersplaced with me will be greatly appreciated. MRS. J. B. CRAY.Mrs. O. E. Hurst was HostessThursday and Friday evenings atan elegant six-course dinner. Thehome was attractively decorated inspring flowers. Place cards were inkeeping with the Easter season.About thirty guests on each occasion, enjoyed the hospitality of thehostess. Six-handed rook was- indulged in during the evening.G. S. , i ' ' . ZZni r?jl 0 ND G(m?4 jT1 D;:uu co zyz&u :uuio iu;juTODAY, TUESDAYALICE BRADY in "The Land of Hope"The love story of twQ young people who came to America expecting the Statue of Liberty to be made of gold, and of thestruggles they had before they found success.and happiness in the new land. You owe it to yourself to see Alice Brady in"The Land of Hope.' V , 'Also "Miracles of the Jungle" and Snub Pollard Comedy, "Blow Tm Up'9TOMORROW, WEDNESDAYVIOLA DANA in "Puppets of Fate"The romance of a girl who just couldn't stop loving. If you believe in romance you should see "Puppets of Fate" andif you don't, see it anyway, and wish you did believe. -Also Cristie Comedy, "Movie Mad," and Pathe NewsTHURSDAY, APRIL 13thWALLACE REID in "The Love Special"All aboard, for a sizzling trip through the West and the land of romance. A trip engineered by dare-devil' Wally, asbuilder of railroads, battler with Nature and wooer of lady fair. Skirting the crags of the towering Sierras, Plungingthrough snow scenes the most majestic ever screened. Ending in a wild night ride through a blizzard, and letting you offall happy and gasping for breath. Kemember Reid in a Racing auto? Now watch him burn up Jhe rails! With AgnesAyres. Theodore Roberts, Julia Faye,' Clarence Burton, Sylvia Ashton.Also Ruth Roland in "White Eagle" and Topics of the Day'ADMISSION-ADULTS 27c PLUS 3c WAR TAX, 30c, CHILDREN AND GALLERY 18c PLUS 2c WAR TAX, 20cHats the Latest!i3I TO $6.50Caps Men's and Boys'50c TO $2.50Shirts with Collar Attached and WithoutCollar$1.00 TO $5.00Easter Neckwear50cTO2.50Price & Co.ClothiersMILf,BRSBUR6 COUNTY HIGHSCHOOLThe honor roll for the seventhmonth is as follows:GRADE I.Eddie Reyonlds 98, Esther Purcell98, Bertha Grimes 98, ChristineFryman 98, Josie Hill 98, yivianCantrill 98, Leroy Sloop 97, IdaMay D welly 9 7, Ernest Gray 97, Jessie Hurst 97, Mary B. Henson 97,Clyde THC111 97, Wm. V. Burroughs97, Todd Hill 97, Thurman Saunders 97, Lena Cassity 94, Essie Ramey 94, Ethel Burden 94, Emma Yazell 94, Sallie Darnall 93, J. C.Wiggins 93, Rhoda Ramey2, Chas.Stone 92, Ethel Murrell 91. Teachers Nannie D. Clarke, Liira B.Crowe.GRADE II. rMary Reed 99, Zethel Sloop 98.Elizabeth Calhoun 98, Richard Fay97, Carlos Purcell 95, Louise Cassity,95., Marguerite Burden 95, DillardSmith 93, Juanita Eubank 93, Robt..Banta 90. Teachers Lina B.Crowe, Nannie D. Clarke.GRADE III.Joe M. Grimes 96, Mariam HuntLancaster 96, Mary Alice Wells 95,Elizabeth Hill 95, Stanley Feeback94, Helen Fryman 92, EvelynCrouch 92, Blanche Stone 90," Citrine, Stone 90, Nancy -Wallace 90Teacher HazeKK. Kerr.GRADE IV.Katherine Jones 96, Julian Wells95, Claude D. Thompson 95, CharlieReed 94, Eddie Gray 91, VirginiaJohnson 90, Emmett Dalzell 90,Bruce Robertson 90.GRADE V.Thomas Hickman 97, Marie Feeback 96, Veach Eubank 96, ClayStone 93, Lucile Linville 92, JoeDennis 92", Lovell Hickman 91.Teacher Mrs. Frank P. Bedford.GRADE IV.Charles Crouch 93, Ruby Wagoner 90. Teacher Elizabeth K.Rice.GRADE VII.Mary Louise Claypoole 92, LucileDunn 91, Ermine Mattox 90, NellieShea " 94. Teachers Jessie M.Chrisp, Elizabeth K. Rice.GRADE VIII.Thelma Wagoner 96, J. D. Letton96, Sue Bascom 95, Anna M. Robertson 95, Mary Louise McMahan94, Frances Howard 94, Maude Dennis 91. Teacher Jessie M. Chrisp.HIGH SCHOOLElizabeth Pruitt 94, Jennie Fisher94, Lucy Hickman 91, FlorenceThomas 91, Edith Dalzell 91.Teachers Supt. J. W. Lancaster,-Prof. Russell Jones, Mary S. Van-iMeter.o"lft'MDBi-DEPARTMENT STORE'PARIS KENTUCKYINFANTS' SOXand Children'sThree-Quarter HosettesSolid Yellow Rose GreenBlue BrownWhite andBlack. Also Fancy Stripesand Fancy Tops in light anddark.25c to $1.25SILK GLOVESKayser's guaranteed fingertips. Pure silk.98cFull line of colors."Other grades up to $1.98.SILK HOSEThe new shades of GreyNude Mode Silver alsoBlack White Brown$1.39$1.98$2.50$2.98Standard makes, ssuch "asOnyx Van Raalte BusterBrown and others.PONGEE BLOUSESFinest Japanese Shantungwell tailored. -$3.50 $3.98Sizes up to 52.LODGE NOTESAnniversary proclamations issued by Grand Master E. B. January,of 'Paris, have been sent to all theOdd Fellows in the State, enjoiningthem to make plans for the appropriate celebration of "the 103rd anniversary of the founding of theorder, on Wednesday, April 26.A large crowd witnessed theconferring of the First and SecondRanks at the recent meeting ofRathbone Lodge, K. of P. The candidates were J. C. Fightmaster, forRudder. All members are urged to.be present and witness the conferring of the degrees, as the Cynthiana team does splendid work.BIRTHSthe Second Rank and Sandie Rudder weight 9RELIGIOUSA. Esume of Events In BeligiousCircles For Present andFuturefor .girst and Second Ranks. OnFriday night's called meeting theCynthiana team will come to Parisand confer the Third or KnightRank on Esquires Fightmaster andMr. and Mrs. Durwin Mason arereceiving congratulations upon thearrival of a fine daughter .at theirhome in Millersburg. The younglady has been named Frances Belmont Mason.Near Paris, to the wife of Reynolds Buckler a son; second child;pounds,namedThe new heirHal Woodfordhas beenBuckler.Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Rose arewelcoming the arrival of a ninepound son at their home in this city.He has been named Nelson Rose.This is Mr. and Mrs. Rose's seventhchild, all boys. The mother wasformerly Miss Ruth Rion.To the wife of Noel P. Harney,near Paris, a daughter; first born;weight 8 pounds; named DoraFrances Harney. Mrs. Harney wasformerly Miss Jessie Haley, of Mt.'Mt. Carmel.-oGAKDEN SEEDWe have more garden seed thanany one in Paris.(It) C . P. COOK & CO.After -Clemenceau has the scenario written, Paul Deschanel probably will be called on for stunts inrealism.5St. Peter's Church, Rev. W. S.Cain, rector', will hold the following services during Holy Week:Tuesday, 10:30 a. m Holy Communion; Wednesday, 7:30 p. m.,Litany and Address; Thursday,10:30 a. m., Holy Communion;Good Friday, 10:30 a. m., MorningPrayer and Address; 4:00 p. m.,Evening Prayer and Address. A cordial invitation is extended to all toworship with us.At a church conference Sundaymorning the following official delegates were elected to represent theParis church during the DistrictConference to be held in Paris, AprU12-14: Mrs. C. O. Hinton, Miss Olivia Orr, Messrs. M. E. McCurdy,John Kiser, Dennis V. Snapp and Dr.S. P. Mohney. Alternates, Mr. H.A. Power, Mrs. Helen Forsyth andDr. James A. Orr.Dennis V. Snapp, Executive Secretary of the Kentucky ConferenceSunday School Board, has removedhis office from No. 14 to No. 10Bank Row, two doors east.Rev. Dr. George Ragland, ofGeorgetown College, who occupiedthe pulpit at- the Paris Baptistchurch, Sunday morning and even-;ing, will be guest of honor of thefnen of the congregation in thechurch parlors Friday evening. Rev.Dr. Hale, of Louisville, will also bea s:uest.A number of young peoplefrom the Paris Presbyterian churchattended the annual "spring rally of.the Young Peoples Societies of theWest Lexington Presbyterial, heldat the Maxwell street Presbyterianchurch, in Lexington, Saturday.Mrs. John Jewell, - of Lexington,?presided. The inspirational address;was given by A. H. Doak, of Georgetown. Dr. H. Clay Lilly was also onthe formal program. v Mrs. I. D. Best,of Lexington, told of plans beingmade for the Kentucky Conferencein Danville on June 14. The remainder of the time was devoted largelyto reports of .societies in the various'Central Kentucky towns. Luncheonwas served at the .church to the visn.PRE - EASTER SALEThis week we place on sale a great assortment offactory purchases at one-third reduction.Newest Spring OxfordsThat combine style, quality, economy, at less than wholesale cost. Chooseyour new Easter Footwear now at these low prices.$3.95Wonderful Sale of Ladies' Beautiful Spring Novelties in sparkling PatentStrap Slippers; Tan Lace Oxfords and Straps; Goodyear Welt soles; rubberheels; $6.00 grades. Pre-Easter SaleSee These MarvelousShoe BargainsCjSJ"Cwafr-e&Ladies' Newest Spring Patent arid TanStrap Oxfords, $5.00 m M mmvalues. On sale 3fc mLTLadies' Brand-new', Patent Straps, TanLace Oxfords, rubber - mwmheels; a great selec- im3 Qtion. $4.00 grades at WMi WWExtra Special Ladies' and Growing Girls-'Tan Oxfords, broad,low rubber heels.Choice T. .Misses' and Children'sand Strap Slippers;$3. 00 grades. On saleatEaster OxfordsS1.99Childrensl)eautiful Pa- ifent Strap Slippers, sizes UTl Jm Ok5 to 8, on sale at W linrvMen's Spring Shoe? and Oxfords in Tanand Black, a grand selection, remarkablevalues, Pre-Easter saleMen's Tan Elk Outing mShoes, for comfort and Q I Cf Ciwear. On sale at m I 7 7S3.95$2.99A j rosy MDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign"N"""M.J? 'sitors. '-- -MV. -H-y(&'P4 ft t&VfiM JJ., 2. tJh!T "V-"" - 4-.- V -JCanS.'" &- -t . - i 2? VS- -6i-J. . -EUe...?-:.-. 3--, i. rt CU iV-YXr. -xtt3?irei-!fxrr1'nfir"-j. "-i---, v -j--'- -MAlfew J.T $&&'iim9&&y2spki r a-v ' t -" - -j-C V - Vjgftr.. vA. - - - 'i ,'lJ2?.