i '' i V7?" V i ' V,&Wll.5f3Ssi?A. V jt--fe4 rr?PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XLIIPAKlS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1922' yJ J .THE4 .BOURBON. Hmf$NEWSm&mjPLAYGBOTJNDS PET SHOWThe Paris playgrounds held theirannual pet show Friday afternoon atthe Paris City School. The firstprize, an angel food cake, was-awarded to Margaret Martin for the"best exhibit which was a collie pupand a Pennye shepherd. The second-prize, for the best trained animalyas awarded to Dr. Milton J. Stern,rho showed a canary that could"play dead," climb a ladder andfight like a real prizefighter. Thethird prize, for the most unique,was won by Mrs. E. P. Buck, whoexhibited a Brazilian Cardinal.Premiums were given for the following classes: Dogs first, to MissLucy Simms, who showed a Highland terrior, which took the firstplace in a New York dog showamong three thousand dogs; second,to Mrs. J. Stewart, for three Eskimo dogs.; third to a Llewellyn setter, property of J. Simms Wilson;Cats first, to Clay Rose; Poniesfirst, to Billy Ardery, for a whiteShetland pony, second, to Edna RaySousley; Guinea Pigs first, to Ha.zel Bryan; Birds first, to Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr, for parakeets,second, to Mrs. E. P. Buck, who exhibited roller canaries, third, to Jas."Wilson, for pigeons; Rabbits first,to Lucy Jean Anderson, second, toJulian Howe, Jr.; Fowls first,ducks owned by Martha Hall, second, white rooster, owned by Carolyn Bush.Yutaki Minakuchi exnibitea achow dog that was quite a favorite,but which was not in the competition. Miss Miriam Galloway exhibited a pet alligator which held alarge audience Mrs. Rice displayeda bowl of beautiful imported gold:flslL.The most important feature forthe week will be the game betweenthe Paris playground team and apicked team from Lexington, which-will be played Thursday afternoonon Hancock Feld. No admission wiJl"be charged and everyone is invitedto witness the game. The girls teamfrom the City School playgroundswill play the Brennan team Wednesday afternoon on the Brennanplayground.The class in raffia work has beenstarted, and will meet each MondayTuesday and Saturday afternoons.Anyone who wishes is invited to attend and learn how to make baskets.TEA FOE ICED TEAIf you buy Ferndale or Chase &Sanborn Teas, you get the best.C. P. COOK & CO.'THE PRIDEA REMARKABLE BUYENABLES US TO OFFERCHILDREN'S DRESSESINSILK TAFFETASizes Six to Fourteen "$8.95 and $10.95They're Worth DoubleAND AT THE SAME TIMEFLAPPER DRESSESINExquisite Imported NormandySizes Twelve to Sixteen$6.95Less Than Original Costs-DEPARTMENT STOREPARIS, KENTUCKYNEW DEVLOPMENTS IN EENA-KER MUEDERCASEAnnouncement was made earlyyesterday of a promising clue unearthed in the murder of Leon Renaker, prominent Winchester businessman, who was found dead in bed athis home last week with his skullcrushed.Detectives and local officers whohave been working in the case saidthat during an examination in therear of the Renaker home theyfound evidence which indicated thatan automobile had been parkednearby. A little later Mrs. H. R.Prather told them that on the nighton which Renaker had been slainshe saw a roadster with two occuants leaving the vicinity. She alsoheard one of the persons in the machine say, "I have finished him," or"I have finished it," she was uncertain about the exact language.The man who, it is said owns theroadster, has been questioned by theauthorities.Among other things he was askedto produce the handle to his automobile jack.He is reported to have said that hehad loaned it to two young men.This was on the theory that Renakerhad been killed with the instrument,and that it had been carried away.Another discovery which is regarded as important is the findingof a pair of trousers, which bearstains resembling blood, concealed inshrubbery at a point where the automobile apparently had been parked. The stains now are being subjected to a chemical examination todetermine whether they are fromblood or oil.PICTUEE PROGRAM AT ALAMOAND GRANDTo day, Tuesday, August 1Betty Compson, in "Ladies MustLive." Added attraction, Armistead'sMusical Quintette.To-morrow, Wednesday, August2 Free Day Two on one paid admission Alice Brady, in "HushMoney;" Added Atttraction Armistead's Musical Quintette.Thursday, August 3 Bebe Daniels, in "The Speed Girl;" Pathe Serial, "Go-Get-'Em Hutch;" SnubPollard Comedy, "In The Movies."WELL DEELLEEW. K. Kearney, well driller, Versailles, Ky. Phone 80. (tf)OF PARIS'-H-- ,. "-tt vPRIMARY ELECTION OFFICEESThe -.Bourbon County ElectionBoard held a meeting at the court"house and made the following selections of officers to conduct the primary election to be held on Saturday, August 5, for Congressmanfrom the Seventh Congressional District, in which the opposing candidates are the present incumbent,James Campbell Cantrill, and Robt.Lee Murphy, Lexington attorney.PARIS NO. 1.W. G. Talbott, Judge, ThomasButler, Clerk, Wm. Goodloe, Judge,iM. H. Dailey, Sheriff.PARIS NO. 2J. W. Connell, Judge, John Mattox, Clerk, E. H. Owings, Judge,J. 0. Barnett, Sheriff.PARIS NO. 3F. M. Fister, Judge, J. P. Talbott,Clerk, M. E. McCurdy, Judge. E. H.Gorey, Sheriff.PARIS NO. 4. E. T. Rule, Judge, J. Simms Wilson, Clerk, John Richards, Judge,Geo. M. Rose, Sheriff.PARIS NO. 5J. T. Tadlock, Judge, H. I. Brent,Clerk, Stamps Moore, Judge. R. P.Dow, Sheriff.PARIS NO. 60. Edwards, Judge, Hord Mann,Clerk, C. P. Mann, Judge, Wm.Wh'ite, Sheriff.PARIS NO. 7C. F. Redmon, Judge, John F.Young. Clerk, J. W. Bacon, Judge, J.L. Horton, Sheriff. (PARIS NO. 8Ira Parks, Judge, Bennett Shannon, Clerk. W. J. Kenton, Judge, WS. Hughes, Sheriff.PARIS NO. 9Grover Baldwin, Judge, Ray Harris, Clerk, James Day, Judge, ClydeHuffman, Sheriff.PARIS NO. 10M. F. Kenney, Judge, John F.M. McCarthy, Clerk, J. D. Shy,Judge, Carlton Williams, Sheriff.MILLERSBURG NO. 1John Hill. Judge, John M. Lair,Sheriff, F. A. Herbert, Judge, John'Kennedy, Clerk.MILLERSBURG NO. 2A. S. Miller, Judge, J H. StewartSheriff, John V. Vimont, Judge, JasHoward, Clerk.MILLERSBURG NO. 3J. P. Redmon, Judge, W. F. Collier, Sheriff, J. S. Shoptaugh, Clerk.James Cleaver, Judge.MILLERSBURG NO. 4Joe Caldwell, Judge, Letton Vimont, Sheriff, E. P. Wagoner, Judge,J. D. Booth, Clerk.FLAT ROCK NO. 1Clifton Gillispie, Judge, Ray Burris, Sheriff, Celester Gore, Judge,Clay Guthrie, Clerk.FLAT ROCK NO. 2Troop Clark, Judge, ClarenceRalls. Sheriff, W. P. Thomas, Judge,Ed. Thomas, Clerk.FLAT ROCK NO. 3.W. W. Kenney, Judge, J. M. Caldweli, Sheriff, Forrest Day, Judge,Ed. Shannon, Clerk.NORTH MIDDLETOWN NO. 1Frank Sledd, Judge, Robt. Jones,Sheriff, Davis Patrick, Judge, J. M.Murphy, Clerk.NORTH. MIDDLETOWN NO. 2Ray McCray, Judge, Bert Rash,Sheriff, J. G. Yocum, Judge. WillShumate, Clerk.NORTH MIDDLETOWN NO. 3Ben Woodford, Sr., Judge, C. C.Hadden, Sheriff, W. R. Tuttle,Judge, U. G. Fleming, Clerk.CLINTONVILLE NO. 1-Varden Shipp, Judge, Lucien Terrill, Sheriff, I. M. Carter, Judge, SamWeathers, Clerk.CLINTONVILLE NO. 2J. A. Liter, Judge. B. J. Clay,Sheriff, V. B. Morton, Clerk, HavlinRoe, Judge.CLINTONVILLE NO. 3John Woodford, Judge, J. F. Ingels, Sheriff, Geo. Leeds, Judge, RoyPepper, Clerk.HUTCHISON NO. 1Wm. Nutter, Judge, W. S. Spears,Sheriff, Claybrook Jacoby, Judge, C.P. Rice, Clerk.HUTCHISON NO. 2Matt Lair. Judge, C. J. Wright,Sheriff, Tom Mitchell, Judge, JohnM. Brennan, Clerk.CENTERVILLE NO. 1V. W. Ferguson, Judge, D. M.Frederickson, Sheriff, John H. Bell,Judge, Geo. McCleod, Clerk.CENTERVILLE NO. 2M. Hume Payne, Judge, HerbertL. Smith, Sheriff, E. F. Poe, Judge,R. L. Shropshire, Clerk.CENTERVILLE NO. 3Cal Jones, Judge. Ray Batterton,Sheriff, C. H. Kuster, Judge, EwaltHaley, Clerk.RUDDLES MILLS NO. 1John Doty, Judge, Al. Roberts,Sheriff, Arthur Braun, Judge, Luther Moreland, Clerk.RUDDLES MILLS NO. 2Cliff Dalzell, A. E. Turney, Sheriff,Lindsay Hough, Glerk, Harve 'Wagoner, Judge.RUDDLES MILLS NO. 3J. B. Arkle. Judge, J. K.' Houston,Sheriff, Elmer Shoemate,- Judge, C.THE STEIKE SITUATIONAll the principal points in dispute in the rail strike are left to theUnited States Railroad Labor Boardto adjudicate.This is the essence of the compromise settlement drafted by President Harding and informally approved by the spokesmen of the contending parties.The President has won his pointthe Labor Board's supremacymust be recognized by both railroads and workmen. The fact thatboth sides have seen fit in the pastto disapprove the decisions of theBoard is regarded as the best proofof its impartiaiity.Governor Edwin P. Morrow, inan interview Saturday night emphatically stressed the fact that although Kentucky would at all timesdo all it could to help everybody ina threatened coal shortage, Kentucky and Kentucky industrieswould be taken care of first in thecoal situation as it affects Kentuckymines."We have another consideration.We want to see, and I am interestedin seeing, that while we are performing this general public service,we can and will take care of thepublic utilities in Kentucky and thecompanies that are engaged in themanufacture of the essentials andnecessary commodities."Leaders of the striking railwayshopmen, returning from conferences with President Harding, expressed confidence that the walkoutwould be terminated as a result ofmeetings of railway executives andunion committees this week to consider proposals submitted by President Harding. They also assertedthat the strikers will return to woricwith their seniority rights unimpaired, if they return at all."I can't say a word, boys, not asingle word," B. M. Jewell, head ofthe shop crafts organization, said onhis arrival at Chicago. He refusedto term the outlook hopeful or otherwise, but declared that it was. safeto assume that the meeting of theshop crafts policy committee Tuesday was called to consider proposedplans for terminating the strike.Settlement of the strike apparently rests with the decision of therailroad executives. While neitherthey nor the strike leaders have announced what stand will be takenon the President's peace program,union leaders are of the opinion thatthe plan-will be accepted by thestrikers.Copies of the following circularwere distributed on the streets ofParis Saturday afternoon:"Louisville & Nashville Railroad Co."Kentucky Division, July 29, 1922."To All Concerned:"A number of shop employeesnow in the service and a number ofother men who wish to take servicewith us are expressing the possibility of the seniority being interferedwith on account of publications appearing in the newspapers."I am directed to announce thatthis company will undertake to protect the original seniority rights ofall old employees who remained inthe service when the strike was called, or who returned to service onJuly 6, upon its invitation, and thatall other men entering the servicesince July 6, including those thattake service from now on. will havetheir seniority rights protected fromdate they took service or from datethey take service hereafter."W. E. HUNTER, Master Machanic."H. FEATHER, Master Mechanic. '"Approved: J. A. MORRISON, Superintendent." Peace terms already have beenagreed to in the country-wide, railway strike and formal ratificationhas been assured through PresidentHarding's efforts, it was asserted bya man in close official touch with thesituation.All that now remains before thestrike, which has cost the workersupwards of $40,000,000 in wages,passes into history, it was asserted,was the formal endorsement of theterms of settlement by the railwayexecutives, meeting in New York,and the strike leaders who will convene in Chicago at the same hour."The acceptance of PresidentHarding's proposal was a foregoneconclusion before T. Dewitt Cuylerissued the call for the meeting of the rail executives in NewYork and Bert Jewell, head of thestriking shopmen, summoned a similar meeting of union chiefs for thesame date," this man, who has beenin closest touch with the entire situation, de'clared."The rail executives will finallydecide to yield for the good of thecountry, sweeping aside the seniority issue," he continued, "but theirgesture will give little consolationto the men who walked out on July1, for besides their loss in pay, theywill lose some of their seniorityrights to the men who remained atrork, see their original grievancesreturned- to the United States Railroad Labor Board for rehearing andthe question of a national adjustment board and certain other pointsI taken, up by congreis,I "The exact term probably willHUM IN AUTO ACCIDENTDr. John L. Phythian, of Newport,well-known surgeon, who served inthe Medical Corps in France withthe American forces; his wife, Mrs.Margaret Roche, Phythian, daughterof Mrs. Thos. F. Roche, of Paris,and Sarah Dempsey, three-year-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. WalterDempsey, of Newport, were injuredin Newport when an automobile inwhich they were coming to Pariswas demolished when it ran into atelephone pole in an effort to avoidcolliding with another car.Dr. and Mrs. Phythian and littleMiss Dempsey were thrown from thecar. Mrs. Phythian sustained afracture of the right arm, Dr.Phythian was severely bruised aboutthe body, and the little girl sustainedminor bruises about the head andbody. A- report from Newport stated that all the injured ones were recovering. The little child is a granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. James B.Dempsey, of Paris, and was accompanying Dr. and Mrs. Phythian toParis for a visit.BURNED BY GASOLINE .EXPLOSION Cluyde Richard, of the J. T. Hinton Co., sustained severe burnsabout the body and hands by an explosion of gasoline at the HintonGarage, on High street, Friday.Richards was engaged in cleaning amotor car with gasoline, when" thefluid became ignited, the resultantexplosion throwing the flaming fluidover his body. He ran into thestreet, where he was caught by two.other employes of the garage, androlled in the dust until .the flameswere extinguished. He was hurriedto the office of Dr. J. M. Williams,where his injuries were treated. Hewill be unable to resume his dutiesfor several weeks.not be known until after Tuesday'smeetings, but whatever they are theobjections of a minority on eitherside will not be sufficiently strongto obstruct or prevent their ratification by both sides. The seniorityissue has been reached since the beginning of the strike, it must be remembered, and it is not as great astumbling block as it has seemed attimes. When the time comes it willbe disposed of- with justice to ailand to the satisfaction of the greatmajority of workers.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSBIGMID-SUMMERThe crowds continue tbtake advantage of ourWONDERFULVALUESon allSUMMERMERCHANDISESpecial Prices on Ready-to-WearGarmentsFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSHON. J. CAMPBELL CAITTIILL IMCAMPAIGNIn this issue of THE NEWS HornJames Campbell Cantrill, present incumbent, presents to the voters ofBourbon county his claims to renomination to the office of Congressmanfrom the Seventh Kentucky DistrictMr. Cantrill has during his teraof office demonstrated his efficiencyand fitness for the responsible office,,and no man in the district has atlarger following of warm friends.He has been a consistent and hardVjworking friend of the tobacco peopie, and in fact, all others in thdistrict, and should receive a largetrvote than ever, to attest the faith ofthe people in his work. His oppo-nent is R. E. Lee Murphy, Lexington attorney, whom he defeated de--cisivelyseveral years ago.0"HUSH MONEY" A LAVISH PB0-DUCTI0NAlice Brady, by many screen enthusiasts voted the best dressed starin motion pictures, has ample opportunity to wear smart raiment int"Hush Money," the new picture inwhich she will be seen at the Alamoand Paris Grand, Wednesday afternoon and night.She has the role of the daughtersof the biggest man in Wall Street;""and needless to say. she neglectsnone of her sartorial opportunities.The picture, which has been lavishly produced, is a Samuel Marwinistory directed by Charles Maine.PUMPS OUT OF COMMISSIONAn accident to one of the largepumps at the pumping station of theParis Water Company put it out ofcommission for a time Saturday.Workmen immediately went to work:making repairs, and the big machinesis again doing full duty.AUTO NEWSThe Bon Ton Motor Company,. oLexington, reports the delivery of!following models of Durant cars toRedmon & Son, of Paris: Four;touring; six touring; four sedan.Buckner Woodford, cashier of tharBourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo., purchased through the Bourbon.Garage & Supply Co., a handsomeHudson car, which has been delivered to him.Y..trr?B5i?cr1'!J X-.'i .t'S&s -i'V-i.II-w,?v'" r--, i tI, JA. Tabor, Clerk. . ,t-r"PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS,KENTUCKY- - rrtubsday; august i, itai nfr-&4.THE BOURBON NEWSEjteMiifcia 18P-1 41 Years of Con-tinnous PublicationKbtkhed Every Tuesday and PridayW Tear $2.006 Months $1.00Payable Cash in Advance.IWDT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Bit ii ml at the Paris, Kentucky,Ptptoflie as Mail Matter of thaSobond Class.)OUE rOEEIGK EEPSESENTA-TIVES.Mew York American Press AssoirtinL Ckicago Lord & Thomas.Huladelphia N. W. Ayers & Son.. Atlanta Masseagale Adv.-AgencyCincinnati Blaine Thompson CoLouisville Lowman-Mnllican Co.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices,, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktyp. 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise'Xients and yearly" contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement orother matter for publication.Announcements for political officesaiust invariably- be accompanied bythe cash.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of.any person, firm or corporationwhich may appear in the columnst THE BOURBON NEWS will betrlfciiy corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FLINGS"Speak gently to the erring one,"The good old proverb said,"Then having done so take a clubAnd crack him on the head.After abolishing the death-trapgrade crossings wouldn't it be awise provision to abolish the public road that is too narrow for vehicles to pass without endangeringJife and property?A Henderson man had his wife arirrested on the charge that she hadi seven other husbands besides him; self. We cannot find it in -our heartto blame the man for seeking divorce, because, as Artemus Wardwould say, "he was confronted with,-too much."'Tis the last drink of liquor"Left standing alone;All its lonely companionsHave faded and gone."He saved it for illness,But gloom gathers thick,'He eyes that last drinkAnd feels pretty sick.Efficient service means to be tact-:ful; to do things graciously and do-them well. It is a part of the sci-ence of service to do business in away that will leave the cleanest impression. Courtesy is one of the fin--.estbusiness assets in the world, andtthe man or woman who is ill-temptsered- and grouchy in business soonfinds that business melting away".from them. This is an unalterablefact, but some business people neverseem to realize it, much to their-own loss.A Paris youngster and his best--girl joyrided out the Lexingtonpike a few nights ago. She was in-clined to be just a trifle peevish.""Why do you turn out , for everyv3oad hog who comes along?" she. asked. "The right 'of way is yours."'Certainly," the young fellow rer;plied. "but my reason is suggested"iby an epitaph I saw the other day:w'Here lies the body of Bill Jay,"Who 4ied maintaining his right ofway;5He was right, dead right, as hesped along,But he's just as dead as if he'd beenwrong." .' That settled thejpeace was restored.argument andOne of our good friends told us-the following story, which is one ofthe best we have (heard for a longtime: "The last dance that was3ield-in Paris was attended by twoyoung boys from the county, whocare as well-known socially as their"fathers are in a business way.These two young fellows had a corking good time at the dance, but-managed to get hold of some of the--peculiar brand of 'hootch' that''makes a fellow do some funnystunts. As they were uncertainlysfllwerlng their way home in thearly hours of the morning following the dance, one of them, whomwe will call Bill, said to his companlon, "Shay, buddies, I wanchyubne varry cah'ful how yu drivetomg this pike. Firshing yuknowyii'll have us in de JLitch." BuddiefiJMt stupidly and astoundedly atan coMfamiom wao kad raached theM1s4nr-' m Mmrt4- - oti''Wtiutthat yo're saying, feller?H 1. why, young, feller, doncher-kno I thought yu was drivin,"We could name a man for Governor, who would be a winner, andnot disturb any gray matter in ourcranium, but we don't want to getahead of any of the members of theState Press Association, and, besides,we are very modest.If a graduate of any High Schoolin the State wants to become ateacher in the public schools, hemust take a four-year college courseto earn a salary of $77 a month,when a man without an educationand driving a milk wagon in thecity gets $132 a month. A case ofmuscle vs. brain and muscle getsthe best pay.oPABIS PEOPLE ALWAYS INLIMELIGHTBourbon county's older element,and, in fact, those who have livedin the Bluegrass region during thelast twenty-five or thirty years, andstill speak familiarly of Mrs. Wm.Miller Graham, as "Birdie Pollock,of Paris," will be interested in thefollowing item which recently appeared in the New York Town Topics: "Most refreshing is the knowledgethat Mrs. William Miller Grahamand Miss Geraldine are home againI refrain from saying 'fascinating, 'beautiful,' etc., concerning thelatter, for the world has been 'told'so often regarding the young lady'scharms that such adjectives no longer count for anything. After theirtrip around the world, or practicallyso, the clever Californian and herdaughter must be glad to taste themore prosiac joys -Qf home and SantaBarbara, even if there be in theoffing no Jimmy Van Alen, no LadyWillingdon, and no Prince of Wales."Mrs. Graham is certainly a goodfriend to the press, and what thrilling reading it made to see in thepapers such cables as 'Mrs. MillerGraham engaged to James J. VanAlen,' 'Miss Geraldine Graham engaged to Prince of Wales, 'Mrs. Miller Graham and daughter seeing India with Prince of Wales,, etc. Ihave long suspected that Mrs. Graham was coming more and more toregard Santa Barbara and VillaBelloguardo as a bit provincil inview of all the 'brilliant victories'the Western papers have ascribed toher in Eastern society. Now thatshe has made what we are told wasmore or less of a triumphal progressaround the globe, isn't it possiblethat she will feel less satisfied thanever with the West and make another attempt at Gotham?"When the Whitney Warren-Ger-aldineGraham engagement wasbroken early last year no one feltmore regret than I, even though Ihad known from the first of formidable obstacles to the match. Nordoes it strike me as plausible supposition that a renewal of the romance is in the wind as some think,reasoning from Whitney's expectation of going to San Francisco totake part in a musical production.However, I cannot yet believe thatthe metropolis has seen the last ofso ambitious and resourceful a person as Mrs. Miller Graham, eventhough she seemed to want to avoidit en route home from abroad. Theold curiosity shop she is said to beabout to open in the California citywill not serve to occupy the energetic lady long, unless all signs fail,for who can conceive of her growingold and being content to sit by thefire and spin? Perish the thought "BEBE DANIELS IN "THE SPEED1 GIRLEvery kind of speed on a sidewalk scooter, on horseback, in fastmotor cars on land, in faster planesin the air is used to illustrate thetheme of Bebe Daniel's newest Realart picture. "The Speed Girl," byElmer Harris, which comes to TheAlamo and Grand Thursday afternoon and night.Fortunately, the feature has for'its star one of the most versatilegirls in pictures. Miss Daniels hasbeen brought up an outdoor girl.Dedicated from her youth to thebusiness of entertaining the public,she has had to learn to ride, to drivea car, to dive, swim, shoot, fish andplay ever sort of game."Ie is the age of speed," says MissDaniels. "In their entertainment,their sports, their business, even intheir love affairs, it seems the American, man. woman and child demands ever a swifter pace. 'Makeit snappy get there!' is the universal cry."MELLEBSBUBG CASHIER RESIGNS POSITIONSanford M. Allen, of Millersburg,one of the best-known financiers inthe county, has resigned his positionas Cashier of the Millersburg Farmers Bank, on account of continuedill-health. Homer Kirby, of Bowling Green, has been elected to succeed Mr. Allen. Mr. Kirby has beenconnected with the Bowling Greenand Woodbine banks for manyyears, and comes highly recommended. James Ellington, who has alsobeen connected with the bank, hasalso tendered his resignation, totake effect Aug. 15, when he will goto Huntington, West, Va., to takea position- in a bank.oA Tillage is where the police andM1LLERSBURGInteresting News Items From Bourbon Comity's College TownMr: S. C. Bascom isvisitingrelatives in Owingsville.Miss Elizabeth Caldwell, of Paducah, is guest of Mrs. Julian Allen.Mrs. Lida Price, of Lexington,is visiting her nephew, A. J. Thaxton. ' Mr. andnd Mrs. C. U. Bramblett,were visitors here gun-of Carlisleday.Mr. Lee Brown, of New Orleans, is visiting his brother, WillBrown.' Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Ingels, ofLexington, visited relatives hereSaturday.Miss Rena Slicer, of Nepton, isthe guest of Rev. and Mrs. W. D.Welburn. vRev. J. D. Redd, of Harrodsburg, visited Dr. C. C. Fisher thepast week.Mrs. Louis Vimont, of Newport,is visiting her mother, Mrs. RussellMitchell.The Baptist Association will beheld at Millersburg, Wednesday andThursday.Miss Margaret Wood has returned from a visit with friends atBrooksville.Misses Lettie and Nancy Elson,of London, are visiting their mother,Mrs. John Hill.Mrs. B. W. Wood attended thefuneral of her cousin, Mrs. PhoebeArthur, in Maysville, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Judy visitedthe latter's mother, Mrs. W. B.Payne, in Cynthiana, Sunday.Mr. Garland Fisher and sister,Ethel, have returned from a visitwith' relatives in Illinois.Dr. G. W. Nutter and wife leftMonday for Nicholasville, to visitfriends and attend the Chautauqua.Mrs. J. B. Cray and daughter,Mrs. Louise Leer, and children, arevisiting Mrs. W. S. Judy, in Lexington. Mr. H. A. Kirby, of BowlingGreen, will enter on his duty ascashier of the Farmers Bank August 1st.The Millersburg Dancing Clubgave an enjoyable impromptu danceThursday evening in honor of MissElizabeth Caldwell and Miss Paxton,of Paducah. guests of Mr. and Mrs.Julian G. Allen.' The Young Peoples MissionarySociety of the Methodist churchgave an open session Sunday evening at the church. The programwas very instructive and entertaining. The foreign fields wheremissionary work is being done, wasrepresented by different members ofthe society, giving a history of thehardship and labor of the workers.The session was interspersed withsolos and quartets. ,oBLUEGRASS SEED POOL IS ASSURED The Bluegrass Seed Growers' Cooperative Association, which wasformally launched in Lexington several weeks ago, has made a contractwith several cleaning firms, amongthem Spears & Sons, Brent & Co.,J. S. Wilson & Bro., Paris; DavidGuy, of Winchester, and Peppard &Co., of Missouri, to clean and storethe 1922 crop of blue grass seed, according to annauncement made by amember of the organization.Attorney Dwight L. Pendleton, ofWinchester, drew 'the contract forthe new association, which modeledafter the Burley Tobacco Growers'Co-operative Association contractand in accord with the provisions ofthe Binghilm law, and reports fromthe blue grass producing countiesare to the effect that it is being generally signed by the growers of Kentucky and Missouri. More than 60per cent, of the growers it is stated,have already signed for the contractwhich insures the success of thepool. The new contract calls for adirectorate of twelve members andan executive committee of five members, which now have control of themachinery set in motion for thepooling and marketing of the seed.HELL TO PAY IF MAN GIVES, WAY TO WOMANTaking Paul's first epistle toTimothy as his guide, Wilbur GlennVoliva, leader of the Zionist sect atZion, 111., denounced women Senators, or women in office of any kind,whereby she has authority overman. Quoting, "but I suffer not awoman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be insilence." Voliva says:"If there is any place on God'searth that a woman ought not to beit is in the United States Senate. Iam opposed to a woman running forany office. The word 6f God foretells that in the days of decadencethe nations will be ruled by womenand children. God Almighty nevermade a woman the head of a house.'"Whenever a woman usurps theman's pjace you will have Hell topay! If my wife ran for office Iwould run for the lake."New. York woman named Moonasks divorce because hubby stayedout at night, and that's the truth.oActress grants ner legs insuredfor a' million, 'dollars.'That I whatthey look like.NEW MOVE IN HAIOESS CASE.Another step in the litigationover" the compromise made, in 1916of the back tax cases against the L.V. Harkness estate, was taken Tuesday when an appeal from the judgment of the Fayette Circuit Courtwas filed in the Court of Appeals atFrankfort by the commonwealth.The case involves several hundredthousand dollars claimed to be duethe States for the five years preceding 1915. The suit was originallybrought by T. E. Coyne, revenue"lwus"" " " j. vuaSent for the State at-Large, and theappeal was meu uy x1 ia.UK.nu, xmbott & Chapman, of Paris, and Lexington, attorneys, representing thecommonwealth in the appeal.Taxes on approximately $70,000,000 for the five year period prior to1916. are involved in the suit, according to attorneys for the Commonwealth. Taxeson $20,000,000were collected in 1916 as a result ofa compromise settlement of a suitbrought by T. C. Bradley, then sheriff of Fayette county, seeking to collect taxes for the five years priorto the death of L. V. Harkness.The State and Fayette county receoved $240,000 in taxes as a resultof that compromise settlement. T.E. Coyne, revenue agent-at-large forthe State, brought suit in the Fayette county court to set aside thejudgment of that court in the compromise case. After exensive pleadings had been filed County Judge F.A. Bullock set aside his previousjudgment in the case.If the Court of Appeals should reverse the Fayette Circuit Court inthe case and decide that the State isentitled to collect taxes on an additional valuation of the estate, thecase would come back to Fayettecounty court tor tne purpose ot establishing the taxable " value of theestate during the five years just prior to Mr. Harkness' death, which isas far back as the statute of limitations will permit the Commonwealthto go.A BIT OF ADVICEFirstDon't Delay. ,. SecondDon't ExperimentIf you suffer from backache;headaches or dizzy spells; if yourest poorly and are languid in themorning; if the kidney secretionsare irregular and unnatural in appearance, do not delay. In suchcases the kidneys often need help.Doan's Kidney Pills are especially prepared for kidney trouble.They are recommended by thousands. Can Paris residents desiremore convincing proof of their effectiveness than the statement of aParis citizen who has used them andwillingly testifies to their worth?Mrs. J. N. Reynolds, 255 Winchester street, Paris, says: "I havefound Doan's Kidney Pills to do memore good than any remedy I haveever used and I recommend themhighly. I suffered from rheumaticpains and kidney trouble. I couldalways tell, when the weather wasgoing to change as my limbs became gainful. I got dizzy especiallywhen I first got up in the morningand my kidneys were not actingregularly. I was not long in gettingrelief after I began using Doan'sKidney Pills and felt better in everyway after taking them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Reynolds had. FosterMilburn Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.HOW AND WHY, NOT WHATSeveral young ladies who nightlyfollow the profession of 'terpsichoreans were arrested the other afternoon for appearing on the Chicagobeach in one-piece bathing suits.Before the court they offered the defense of being no less properly garbed than young women on the stage,those engaged in aquatic contests orthose appearing on the screen.This apparently sound defense isbased on a false analogy.' Theyoung ladies fail to make the distinction between the impersonal activities of the stage, the athletic necessities of the swimming tank andtoo commonly ultra-personal character of life at the beach. People goto a show to see the performance,they go to a swimming race towatch the competition, and theyshould go to the beach to swim.Plenty of persons before now havepointed out that the importantthing is less what you wear thanhow and why you wear it, and webelieve it so. The defense of theyoung ladies in question was besidethe mark. They would have donebetter to produce" witnesses whomust have observed their excellentbehavior on the lake shore. ,Judge rules it no' crime to play agrind organ on Sunday. Itcrime to'tlay one any time.- ? 1 t ' "vSometimes a woman marries aman to have something to lean on,and then goes and sits down on him.Extension of CharterOFTHE FIRST NATIONALBANK OF PISParis, KentuckyTreasury Department,Office of Comptroller of The Currency, Washington, June 1, 1922.Whereas, by satisfactory evidencepresented to the undersigned, it hasbeen made to appear that "THEFBRST NATIONAL BANK OFPARIS" in the City of Paris, in theCounty of Bourbon, and State ofKentucky, has complied with all theprovisions of the Act. of Congress,"to enable National Banking Associations to extend their corporate existence, and for other purposes,"approved July 12, 1882.Now, therefore, I. D. R. Crissin-ger, comptroller or tne currency, aohereby certify that "THE FIRSTNATIONAL BANK OF PARIS" inthe City of Paris, in the County ofBourbon and State of Kentucky, isauthorized to have succession for theperiod specified in its amendedarticles of association: namely, until close of business on June 1, 1942.In testimony whereof witness myhand and Seal of office this firstday of June, 1922.(Seal)(Signed)D. R. CRISSINGER,Comptroller of The Currency.Charter No. 6323.Extension No. 4304.(July 7-1 mo)DO YOUR TALKINGOVER THE-HOME-LONGDISTANCEFOR BEST RESULTSECONOMICALQUICKCAHAL BROS.BABBER SHOP4 WHITE BABBEBS-CModern Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AM) COLD BATHS?The Quickest: WaySave time and energy during the warm weatherfby installing a HOME TELEPHONE in your residence. Just remove the receiver from the hookand you will find our courteous operators at yourservice.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co:, IncorporatedVicWhen Looking ForGOODAt the Lowest Possible PrieesGive Us a CallWe carry everything in the Paintand Wall Paper line. Paints, Oils,Varnishes, Lead, Turpentine andShellac, Brushes of all kinds, Window Glass, Wind Shields, ParisGreen in fact, anything that canbe found in an up-to-date paintstore. Come in and look our stockover and get our prices beforeyou buy. We will save youmoney.We're also Contracting Painters'and Paper Hangers. Let us figure on your next job.KANE BROS.AGENTS FOR THE FOY PAINTSSMith Main St., Opa. BurlMn Urnitir C.I CmmmmtmimI PhMM XMFOR SALEKentucky mountain ewea andfresh milk cows.H. V. THOMPSON,(28-4t) Winchester, Ky. .Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, the hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven, as requiredby law, to the undersigned administrator, for adjustment and payment.All such claims not presented, within the legal limit, will be barred." All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of Caesar Stevenson, deceased, are hereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make full and'prompt settlement of such indebtedness.CHARLES HUGHES,Administrator.(28-3wks)Administrator's NoticeAl persons having claims againstthe estate of Julia Sanders, deceased, are hereby notified to presentsame, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Administrator, for adjustment and payment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the saidJulia Sanders, deceased, are herebynotified to call on the undersignedAdministrator and make full andprompt settlement of such indebtedness. GARRETT SANDERS,Administrator of Julia Sanders, Deceased. (julyll-3wks)INTERURBAN TIMETABLEParis to LexingtonLexington To Paris7l05 a. m. 6:00 a. m.8:05 a. m. 7:00 a. m.9:05 a. m. 8:00 a. m.10:05 a. m. f 9:00 a. m.11:05 a. m. ' 10:00 a. m.12:05 p. m. 11:00 a. m.1:05 p. m. 12:00 m.2:05 p. m. 1:00 p. m.3:05 a. m. 2:00 p. m.4:05 p. m. 3:00 p. m.5:05 p. m. 4:00'p. m.6:05 p. m. 5:00 p. m.7:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m.8:15 p. m. 7:00 p. m.10:05 p. m. 9:10 p. m.11:55 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Cash Fare, 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.(dec6-tf)PAINT" " s-.tV,N -,vM v;&-& qaV ,. Tfk-tXTUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, " KENTUCKYTOWN PESTS, READ -TVUCHjHHR J6h"ri$ Kouckalanee IHH AuiedUuviaxt ILiuudilci0lThe Movie Pest reads the titles OutLoud so that Everyone can Hear, assuming that the Audience 'are eitherilliterate or have left their Glasses athome. Sometimes the Movie Pestmispronounces a Word and then RudeSnickers aie heard all over theTheater.THREE ROADS PUT EMBARGO INEEEECTThree coal carrying railroads, theNorfolk & Western, Cheasapeake &Ohio and Louisville & Nashville,have declared embargoes over theirlines against the acceptance of anyfreight except foodstuffs, live stockand fuel.The actions were taken under theInterstate Commerce Commissiondeclaration of an emergency "which,authorized roads embarrassed by theshopmen'sstrike to show preferenceand established priority in transportation. The object of the embargoes is toconserve all the equipment and facilities for the three carriers for thetransportation of coal. The roadsserve the nonunion bituminous mining areas south of the Ohio riverwhich, have furnished most of thecountry's coal output since April 1,when the miners struck in all theunionized fields and officials havedeclared that the tieup on theirlines indicated railroad unions wereworking with the miners to stopproduction of soft coal. All threehad been carrying record-breakingquantities of coal until the shopmenwent out, after which their tonnagewas immediately cut in half.The Louisville & Nashville linesserve Kentucky coal fields whichhave been the principal source ofcoal supply since the strike forChicago and other middle westpoints. The obstructions to themovement of coal over this systemplaced by the rail strike were considered largely responsible for arunaway coal market immediatelycreated in that territory.o ;STANITLL IN SERVICE PENDINGLAWSUITPERSONALSW. C. Stanfill, formerly of Paris,conductor of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad on the Knoxville Division, who is suing to retain hisseniority right, will be permitted tocontinue in service and accept a runallotted to him without affecting' hisseniority standing until the pendingcase comes up for final hearing before Chancellor Davis Edwards, inLouisville, October 3.The suit involves a rule governingassignment of conductors to dutyand the petition alleges that underthis rule the conductors are privileged to shoose their own runs according to length-of service.This, Stanfill contends, has beendenied him. and the agreed orderentered, permits him to continue inservice without affecting the meritsof the suit before the court.oADDING MACHINE ROLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the conven-jience of users of adding machines, abig stock of paper rolls. These rollsare made of the best bond paper andare absolutely free from lint Youcan buy from one to a case. Let ushave a trial order.(31-ft) THE BOURBON NEWS,oAFTER THE RECKLESSVirginia is trying out a new lawand one that is going to .be watchedwith close interest. It provides thatevery autoist, on approaching a railroad crossing outside the corporatelimits of a town or city must cometo full stop not less than ten feetnor more than 100 feet from thenearest rail. Failure to observe thislaw is punishable by a fine of $10,and the money collected goes intothe treasury of the county in whichthe fine was assessed. We believeauto drivers around Paris are as.careful as can be found anywhere,and yet many of them take unnecessary chances at railroad crossings.They will not endorse the Virginialaw, of course, because it meansstopping and starting the auto moretimes than they are compelled to donow. But we believe that, thosewho realize that'it is better to stopfor a mi&ute tkam to get ground upand stop forever, will -declare thattke law at iM to poflMta eoM&erahle Merit.Misses Florence and BourbonMcCarty are visiting Mrs. T. H.Roberts, in Maysville.Misses Isabelle Talbott andMary Letton are guests of MissGladys Haham, in Keene, Ky.Mrs. Price King, of North Middeltown, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. J. S. Mullins, in Winchester.Mrs. Louis Turner and son, Edward, of Los Angeles, Cali., are visiting relatives in this city andcounty.Miss Katherine Belle Mclntyre,of Flemingsburg, is a guest at thehome of the Misses Owens, on SouthMain street.Mr. and Mrs. Carl Carpenterhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Maysville and Mason county.Mrs. W. V. Cooper and children, of Shelbyville, are visitingMrs. C. H. Greer, and family, onPleasant street.-James H. Patterson has returned to his home in Leesburg, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth, in this city.-Df and Mrs. Elbridge Snappand children have returned from avisit to Mrs. Snapp's parents, inHarrison county.' Mrs. Clifford Pearce has returned to her home in Anchorage, aftera visit to Miss Ruth Orr, at herhome on Stoner avenue.Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine, andMisses Sue and- Alice Ford have returned from a sojourn at LakeChautauqua, New York.Miss Loraine Butler and Mr.Woodford Buckner, of Paris, wereweek-end guests of Mr. and Mrs.John D. Allen, in Lexington.Mrs. King Culbertson and littledaughter, Mary Elizabeth, of Cincinnati, aie guests of Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Farrow, on Vine stieet.Miss Ruth Blake has returned toher. horn in Cincinnati after a fourmonths' visit to her aunt, Mis. JohnB. Geis, and Mr. Geis, in this city.Robert Lee Frank and Lee Pricehave returned from New York,where they spent several weeks on acombined business and pleasure trip.PJd. Chaney, formerly of Paris,has returned to Detroit, Mich., after a visit to Paris friends. Mr.Chaney is prospering in his newhome.Miss Elizabeth Wood has returned to her home in Lexington after a visit to Misses Gay and Rebecca Pane, at their country homenear Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Ben F. Skillman,of Buffalo, New York, are guests atthe home of the former's sister, Mrs.Roy Turner, and Mr. Turner, onEast Main street.Misses Virginia Morrison andVirginia Hancock entertained informally at the home of the latter,on South Main street, in honor ofthe Misses Owens.Misses Elizabeth and MargaretAlexander, of Cynthiana, and Roxanna Ruttencutter, of Covington,are guests of Misses Eloise and Imogene Alexander, in this city.W. S. Patton has gone to Chadbourne, North Carolina, where hewill remain during the tobacco season, which opens to-day. Mrs. Patton will join him in September.Wallace W. Mitchell, Harry B.Clay, Charles C. Clark and Oscar T.Hinton, of Paris, and D. C. Bettison, of Glasgow, left Sunday fortheir annual camping and fishingstay at Little Current, Canada.They will be in camp about twoweeks.Harry C. Horton, formerly ofPans, who has been in business inShelbyville for some time, has goneto Kingston, North Carolina, wherehe will be stationed for some timein the interest of the SouthernStates Tobacco Company, in the tobacco markets.Mr. and Mrs. Sterling Coke entertained with an informal dinner attheir home on South Ashland avenue, in Lexington, Saturday night,in compliment to Misses Martha andElizabeth Prewitt. Mr. and Mrs.James W. Thompson, of Bourboncounty, were among the guests.Louisville Courier - Journal:"Mr. and Mrs. Percy Henry and Mr.Percy Henry, Jr., left Friday on amotor trip to Saratoga and othercities in New York. ...Miss Virginia Morrison, of Paris, and MissMartha Boiling McCandless, of Louisville, are guests of their aunt, Mrs.Thomas J. Morrison, in St. JamesCourt."Miss Elizabeth Embry. of Lexington, entertained with a motorparty to Boonesboro Beach, in compliment to Misses Nancy Johnsonand Louise Swetnam, of Paris. Theguests besides the guests of honor,were Misses Ruth Fithian, of Akron,0., Mildred Walsh, of Mt. Sterling,and Enda Davis, of Latonia; Mrs.Robt. Caywood, of Owenton; Messrs.R. E. Smith, of San Francisco. DanScott, of Akron, O., Cheppeau Clay,SimmsV Robbins and Frank McLautheran, of Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Pendleton, ofWinchester, entertained with a picnic at the Xalapa Farm, near Paris,in honor of her house guest, MissVena Saunders, of Iowa. Therewere about thirty-five in the party.After an inspection of the beautifulgardens on the estate a deliciouspicnic luncheon was served in alovely woodland spot. The occasionwas Miss Pendleton's' birthday anniversary. The chief decoration wasa colossal birthday cake topped withcandy, flowers ami ribbons.(Other Penmate w Part ) -CIGARS FORTY-TWO YEARS OLD(Harrodsburg Democrat)A box of cigars forty-two yearsold was discovered by Lee Spencerwhen the property adjacent to theAnderson National Bank, Lawrenceburg, was being remodeled forBrunk Brothers. The building hadbeen occupied by a grocery store.The box containing the cigars,which were branded "Bull of theWoods," was found under the ceiling. Tfce revenue stamp bore the dateof 1880. The cigars were well preserved and of a good quality of tobacco. They are long filler cigars, andwere high priced smokers, fortyyears ago, retailing for 5 cents each.RHEUMATISMDo you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy Radio-Active Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for lltera- iture.MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.. o. "PAn Tntn - -V"i- ------ -,,, ? ..- vv .y f' II 'llim! 1 'I fulfil VALVE-IN'HEAD I I.v 1 y ijlvw-1 Mjy yUr M MOTOR CARSr i J7 "V -;PIGS NOW CONTAIN A GOOD"KICK"iiclt I f itll.i fc-?a . ? i ?Discovery by California homebrewers that the Black Mission figmakes a peculiarly tasty liquor witha sizable "kick" is said to have beenresponsible for an increase in theprice of figs on the marketCorn sugar, the base for much ofthe fig nectar, is going up also.Choice figs that sold at 7 cents apound last year, sold at 14 cents.Very few children succeed in getting born into a rich family. .872 Cumberland379 HomeAre the numbers to call whenin need ofFRUITS,EGETABLESStaple and FancyGROCERIESPrices reasonable. Satisfactionguranteed. Your tradeappreciated.TAUL & STONELi;fc?Come in and seetheNew BUICKfor 1023The Seasons finestand most complete lineof motor carsFourteen Distinctive Models-C. S. Ball GarageFourth and Pleasant"6!F-i f HI H9K90H f B .vv - .yg'tfag'-"55F;Sll?To Democratic toof Bourbon Count vI have an opponent in the Congressional primary to be held on Saturday, August5th. I am deeply grateful to those who supported me in my past races. I havefaithfully tried to attend promptly to the business of the District and to advocatethose po.licies which are best for our State and nation.IF ELECTEP AGAIN I PLEDGE THE PEOPLE OF THIS GREAT DISTRICT -TOSTRIVE HARD TO PROVE WORTHY OF THEIR CONFIDENCE.I have always loyally supported the policies of the Wilson Administration. The Nation enjoyedeight years of wonderful prosperity under the last Democratic administration and we want to returnto the paths laid out by President Wilson, he prospect for Democratic victory is very bright inthe Nation. I WILL GREATLY APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT IN THE 'hPrimary Election onSaturday, August 5thPlease take time to vote and get your neighbors to vote also. No registration isrequired for the primary election. Please remember the date Saturday, Aug. 5th.Thanking you for past favors I amSincerely yours,JCAMPBELLCAN TRILL-). - jVSiI?r"ME!. i - 1 " J T" -."TV6!.-..St.A--A-' "i. v& v2r- .V' i" f- " T- 's??J ,E7 4 FOUETHE BOURBON HEWS PARIS, KENTUCKYaKWi'-'j v.Vi-'4---'- -.vjAf SKt mh&mw&miej------- TUESDAY. AUGUST 1 i i"' 1 a;RELIGIOUS' ' St. Peter's Episcopal church will3iold its annual picnic Wednesdayt the farm of A. P. Adair, near3?aris. They will leave the church"i 9:30 a. m.Nearly all the business housesof Carlisle are closing every afternoon from 2:30 to 4:00 so the em-jrtoyees may attend the revivalmeeting being conducted by Rev.Arthur Fox, of the Paris Baptistchurch, in a large tent in the courtliouse yard. The tent is crowded ateach, nteeting, and a number of concerts have been received.The pulpit of the Paris Presbyterian church was occupied Sundaymorning and evening by Rev. Shoemaker, of Columbia, Mo., in two interesting services. Rev. T. S. Smiley, the pastor, who recently underwent a throat and nose operation,at the Massie Memorial Hospital, isagain at home, improving slowly.The forty hours devotion closedat the Church of the Annunciation,in this city Sunday night, with services of an unusually imprsessivecharacter. During the devotionalperiod Pather Wm. O'Hara, was assisted by the following visitingpriests: Rev. Fathers Thos. Cole"man, of Ludlow, former pastor ofthe church; Klosterman, of Frank-lort; Carroll, of Cynthiana; Poole,of Lexington; Perry, of Georgetown,and Deimart, of St. Mary's College,at St. Mary's, Ky., All the services-were highly interesting and mostimpressive.oK. T. COMMANDERY ENTERTAINS FOR M. H. H. DAVISAbout two hundred persons attended the reception and dance given in the Masonic Temple ballroomFriday night, by Couer de LionCommandery No. 26, Knights Templar, in honor of Right , EminentGrand Commander of 'KentuckyKnights Templar Sir Miles H. H.Davis, of Paris.The reception was an informalone, members of the Commanderyand their wives assisting in receiving and entertaining their guests.Refreshments were served throughthe evening, and dancing was indulged in from 8:30 to 1:00 p. m.Music for the dancers was furnished by Bishop's Orchestra.Among the distinguished guestspresent were: Right EminentGrand Commander Sir M. H. H.Davis, guest of honor; Right Eminent Past Grand Commander SirJoseph Hedges Ewalt; Right Eminent Sir John G. Cramer, of Lexington; Eminent Sir Richard French,of Montgomery Commandery No. 5,of Mt. Sterling; Eminent Sir Samuel Metcalfe, of Frankfort Commandery No. 4.oBASE BALLTHURSDAY'S GAMESLexington at Maysville.Cynthiana at Paris.Mt. Sterling at Winchester.NEWS OF THE COURTSVERSAILLES HOME BURNEDVanFire of an unknown origin, destroyed the home of Mrs. G. M. McCauley, near Elm corner, Versailles,together with five horses, twoarmies several hundred tons of timothy hay, about 400 tons of timstraw and a lot of gear, as well asa iot of feed. Jas. Hammond, tenant of Mrs. McCauley, owned theiay, etc., and his loss was about$1,500, with no insurance. Mrs.jMcCauley's loss was $3,000, withonly partial insurance.Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANCOUNCIL XETS CONTRACTAt the recent meeting of theCity Council a contract was awarded to the Indian Refining Co., fortwo 10,000-gallon carloads of roadoil for the streets of Paris. S. A.Wilson was granted a permit toerect a garage on the rear of hislot on Fifteenth street. A largenumber of claims against the city'was approved and allowed.oIN BAD SHAPEA steer being driven to the SouthParis stockyards Saturday night fellinto a sewer excavation near thehome of R. C. Foster requiring animprovised derrick and the servicesof several men to extricate it. After being released the animaljoined its companions, none"worse for its experience.ore-theBIRTHSNear Little Rock, this county.to the wife of Herbert Craven, adaughter, their third child, and sec-'ond daughter.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Bell are"welcoming a son, born at theirthome on the Bethlehem pike, near.Paris. The young man has been3iamed Rodney Scott Bell.The last will and testatment ofthe late Harry Stamler. who died inthis city recently, has been admitted to probate in the County Courtbefore Judge George Batterton. Mr.Stamler leaves his entire estate,real, personal and mixed, to hiswidow, Mrs. Gertrude Stamler. Mrs.Stamler qualified as executrix of theestate, giving bond without surety,the will dispensing with same.Oscar R. Rankin qualified as administrator of the estate of IdaJohnson, deceased, furnishing bondwith M. Peale Collier as surety.Judge Denis Dundon is actingCounty Judge in the absence ofCounty Judge George Batterton,who has gone to Rochester, Minn.,with his father, Mr. B. A. Batterton,who will undergo treatment at theMayo Bros.' Hospital.Henry Washington, a colored boy,Lserving a six-months' term at -hardlabor for the alleged stealing of abicycle from a young son of CityForeman Fred Fister, escaped fromhis guard, but returned yesterdaymorning and surrendered to JailerJames E. Taylor.Sheriff M. Peale Collier and Deputies James Gibson and Robert M.Gilkey, while in the vicinity of acolored picnic near North Middletown, Saturday, ran into a crapgame in progress near the grounds,and arrested seven of the eleven menin the game. In searching the participants Deputy Sheriff Gibsoncame across two quarts of moon-f shine in the pockets of a coat lyingon the ground. The men disclaimedownership of the coat or the liquor.The men will be given a hearing before Acting Judge DundQn.In the County Court, Saturday,Garret Jackson was placed under$100 bond to keep the peace for oneyear. Jackson was arrested on acharge of threatening to do his wifegreat bodily harmHenry Sledd, who was arrestedThursday night on a charge of assaulting with intent to kill I. W.Bush. Paris representative of TheLexington Herald, through his attorney, Judge Denis Dundon, waivedexamining trial when arraigned before Judge George Batterton, in iheCounty Courr., and was h3ld to thegrand jury in $1,000 bond.SATURDAY'S RESULTSMaysville 19, Lexington 5.Paris 4, Mt. Sterling 3, (12nings.) ,Cynthiana 5, Winchester 3.m-SUNDAY'S RESULTSMaysville 10, Lexington 5.Paris 2, Mt. Sterling 6.Cynthiana 6, Winchester 3.CLUB STANDINGWon LostPARIS 7 3Maysville 7 3Cynthiana 6 3Lexington 5 4Mt. Sterling - . .,3 , 7Winchester . . . . . 1 9Pet..700.700.667.556.300.100-o-Boys leave the farm because theyhate to plow through life.It took a few hard knocks to getRuth to put in some hard knocks."THE BANK OF SERVICE"Help Bring ProsperityTo This CommunityKeep your money working in this communitywhether you spend, invest, or bank it. Thenyou will share in the benefits it brings.Trade with your fellow citizens and youencourage them to do business with you.willThe money you save or make by doing businesswith one another, if deposited in this bank, willearn more money for you."Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - KentuckyTwelve innings were required todecide the question as to who wouldwin the game at Mt. Sterling, Saturday between the Mt. Sterling andParis teams in the Bluegrass Leagueseries. The game was an excitingand close one from start to finish.Wills worked on the mound forParis until the eighth inning, when,after Mt. Sterling had hit his delivery for three runs, he gave wayto Parsons, who pitched the rest ofthe game. The feature of the gamewas the all-round fielding of Cicona,of the Paris team, who also figuredin the -home run column. The batteries were: Wills, Parsons andMacke, for Paris; Nefrey and Lackey, for Mt. Sterling. The game,which went three hours, was umpired by Wells and Brown.Paris took the long end of thescore, 9 to 4, in the game at Cynthiana last Thursday. Inability ofthe Cynthiana batsmen to hit inpinches cost the Cynthiana teamthe game. Cynthiana had sixteenmen left on bases. In the eighthinning, when the bases were filled,Cicona, of the Paris team, lined outa hit which was stretched into ahome run. bringing the three runners ahead of him. Cicona was givenan ovation by the Paris fans, whowere there in numbers. Wills featured for Paris in an unassistedciouuie piay. rne oatteries were:For Paris, Miner and Brockman, forCynthiana, Long, Padgett, Mcllvaineand Willie. Coyle, former Parisstar, played with the Cynthianateam against his former teammates,but did not shine particularly. Thegame, which went two hours, wasumpired by Bob Spade. A largecrowd of Paris fans attended thecontest.All the home teams in the BlueGrass League lost Saturday, andthey all ,won Sunday. Which doesn'tmean anything except that maybethat is the reason Cynthiana won'tplay at home on Saturdays.Paris fans have small reason toseek comfort for the Mammoths inthe showing they made against Mt.Sterling in Sunday's game at Mt.Sterling. The game was one to beforgotten as soon as possible. Mt.Sterling knocked Miner out of thebox, and defeated the Mammothsby a score of 6 to 2. Harrisontwining for Mt. Sterling, kept theParis hits well scattered, and butfor an error and Cicona's luckydouble, would have had a shut-outto his credit. Wilber featured forMt. Sterling. Miner, twirling forParis, walked nine Mt. Sterlingbatsmen before he was taken out inthe ninth inning. Mt. Sterling hadthirteen men left on bases. Thebatteries were: For Paris Miner,Wills, Marks and Macke; for Mt.biernng Jriarrison and Lackey. Thegame, which went two hours, wasumpired by Walls.Paris has signed a new pitcher,Walter Marks, of Harlan. Kv.. n-- r -j wgood ngnt hand slab artist. Marksmade his debut in the Mt. SterlingParis game Sunday, but was relievedafter one inning. He may show tobetter advantage in future games.Paris and Mt. Sterling will playan exhibition game to-day on thelatter's gorunds. Many cynicalfans in Paris have been heard to remark that the teams played an "exhibition" of how not to play ballSunday. It is broadly asserted thatunless a certain member of the Parisclub improves in his work there islikely to be something in the way ofa release coming to him. The fansare growing suspicious, and themany ugly rumors in circulation, ifbased on anything like a semblanceof fact, are enough to make them"sore."""BThe Methodist team defeated theBaptists in the game in the ChurchLeage series, played on HancockField, Friday afternoon, by thescore of 11 to 8. The Methodistteam is now in first place, with apercentage of .700. The next gamein the series will be played on Hancock Field, this (Tuesday) afternoon, between the Methodists andChristians.IThe Escondida team defeated theBlack's Cross Roads team by a scoreof 5 to 3, in a game played Sundayafternoon on the local grounds.EXTRA ADDED ATTRACTIONOpera House Tuesday"nd Wednesdaywni. viib rsnrunnANUE EACH EVENINGLISCHERON & TERRYPresenting a Classical and Character Whirlwind FantasyMANHATTAN SHIRTSALEfc3.This is the Shirt Sale you have been waiting for, and now isyour chance to lay in your supply at much less than its regularworth.Every man knows the Manhattan Shirt as the best known andknown as the best, so get busy, read over these prices and come inand make your selection. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY !-VCAPITAL $2M,tNJtAmp UNMVIMD PMFITS4NfTTATT, mSUBAJTCEINSJJ1E , Y 0 U 1 TOBACCOAGAJJTST DAJfAGE . BY HAH:WOMISWITH.V&$2.50 Shirts (11 nncut to . JI.OD$3. OO Shirts CO 1Ccut to , JJ3$3.50 Shirts - f 1 3CC"t K ,. ..:.-. J.03$4.00 Shirts (TO OCctto ......:.: UMd$4.50 Shirts ' " CO 1C"o '...:..J....-. ...... JO. ID$5.00 Shirts 0 JCcut to .:..:,.,.::.....:.:k. S3.45$6.00 Shirts T t j ACcut to ..: j4.Z3CASH J NO APPROVALSR. P. WALSH7th and MainOfM-Pric StoreParis, Ky.If?I ., Home Phone 44S -" Cumb. Phone S06 A '-:K?. . ' e.Home Phone 44STXP.(july7tf)- V-7i, 4. vL r"XA&,ATUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, fARIS, jUBfTUClT " :PAGE FITId"GIFTS THAT LASTSALE OF EDIBLESThe BourbonClub neld a sale of edibles in theoffices of the Paris Realty Co., Saturday, realizing a neat sum. whichwill be devoted to the club fund,oAPPLICATION POE PASSPOETPERSONALS.NMrs. Curtis P. Smith, of Paris, filed an application last week in theoffice of Spencer L. Fennell, DeputyUnited States Court Clerk at Lexington, for a passport to China, Japan and India. Mrs. Smith intendsto study art and will be gone aboutone year. She will sail from SanFrancisco on August 23.r o' - CUT THE WEEDSThere is a statute requiring thatall weeds along the county's thoroughfares be cut. Some of our goodfarmers are overlooking this. Itshould be done. It will beautifyyour farm and may perhaps help tosell it' for you. Weeds in the cityin many places are unsightly andshould be cut. What's become ofour boastful civic pride?-. r . ,.NOTICE TO PASTORSThe ministers of the churches inParis and the county are requestedto send to THE NEWS by noon onThursday of each week their churchnotices for publication in Friday'sNEWS. It is the earnest desire ofTHE. NEWS to publish the announcements of the city and countychurches, and the co-operation ofthe pastors is urged. We want tomake our religious column completeand up-to-date.oPAY YOURGAS ANDBILLSELECTRICDon't forget that the 10th of themonth is the last day to pay yourgas and electric bills and save theregular discount. Pay to-day do notput it off if saves us trouble andsaves you money.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(l-3t) (Incorporated)oICE CREAMSmith's cream packed and delivered at:60c per quart.$1.00 per half-gallon.$2.00 per gallon.Any one having packers, willplease call 494.SMITH'S CONFECTIONERY,(july28-tf) 429 Main St.P0RD DEALERS GATHERR. C. Ruggles, of the Ruggles Motor Co., of Paris, was one of thetwenty-seven Ford and Lincoln automobile dealers of Central Kentucky,who were entertained at luncheonFriday at the Lafavette Hotel, inLexington, by W. A. Frazier, manager of the Cincinnati branch of theFord Motor Company.The meeting was the second to beheld in Lexington, and one of a series in the territory covered by tiieCincinnati branch. This meetingwas a "get-together luncheon,' topromote a feeling of good fellowshipand intimacy among the dealers ofthe Blue Grass region.D. A. R.-T0 ERECT TABLETThe Jemima Johnson Chapter ofthe Daughters of the American Revolution will erect a bronze memorial tablet to the memory of theRevolutionary soldiers who wereburied in Bourbon county.It is the desire of the Chapter tosecure as complete a list as possible and to this end, the public isinvited to co-operate with the members of the committee mentionedbelow in order that the grave ofevery Kentuckian who fought inthe Revolution and is now buried inBourbon county, be appropriatelymarked and his name placed on thetablet.MISS ELIZABETH GRIMES.MRS. WM. B. ARDERY.HAIL INSURANCEHJSUEE Y 0 U E TOBACCOAGAINST DAMAGE BY HAILSTORMS WITH(july7 tf )ELECTION OFPICEES MUSTQUALIFYComings and Goings of Some YonEnow and Others YonDont.Miscs Arnn nnmrnprliTi hno trnntxCounty Woman's ftQ park Lake fQr ten dayg, , lt tfriends.Winston Ardery, son of Mr. andMrs. Wm. B. Ardery, is visiting hisgrandmother, Mrs. I. J. Spencer, inLexington.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Williamsare at home from an extended visitin Mississipppi.Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Haggardand family are sojourning at CrabOrchard Springs.Misses Lillian and Katie Howard have returned from a visit torelatives in Hazard.Miss Jemima Bolson has returned to her home in St. Louis, after avisit to Bourbon relatives.Mrs. Frank Leach has returnedfrom a ten-days' visit to her sister,Mrs. C. M. Brooks, in Hazard.Misses Erma Bisliop, of Lexington, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs." Hugh I. Brent, in this city.Mrs. Kelly Thompson and children, of Mt. Sterling, are v'sitingMr. and Mrs. Edward Reed, nearParis.Lucien Arnsparger, who stepped on a nail last week, injuring hisright foot, is able to be out, accompanied by a cane.John Ireland, of Paris, left thismorning for Winipeg, Manitoba,where- he will be acting judge at theWinipeg race course.Wayne Cottingham, of Louisville, visited his parents, Mr. andMrs. A. W. Cottingham, in Paris,Saturday and Sunday.Lawrence Soper, Jr., of Paris,left Sunday morning for New York,where he will take a position withthe Anti-Corrosion EngineeringCompany.Misses Mary Letton and Isabelle Talbott, of Paris, were members of a houseparty entertainedlast week by Marion Mahin, at hishome near Keene, Ky.The young men of the Shawhan vicinity, will give a moonlightfete each Friday night, beginningnext Friday, August 4. Music willbe furnished by Harris' Orchestra.R. N. Rierson and daughter,Miss Grace Rierson, of South Dakota, are guests of the former'sdaughter. Mrs. Dan W. Peed, andMr. Peed, at their home on SouthMain street, in this city.Miss Lucy Hunter, of Winchester, and her guest, Miss BeatriceCarr, of Asheville, North Carolina,attended the bridge party given Saturday evening by Miss Hallie Frank, Iat her home on High street.Buford Saunders and RussellDavis, of Nicholasville. were guestsSaturday and Sunday of LauthmanWoods. Mr. Saunders and Mr.Woods were schoolmates at St.Mary's College, at St. Mary's, Ky.he returns.Jos. Hawkins, well-known turfman, formerly of Bourbon county,who suffered a paratytic stroke lastweek, is getting along nicely, at theSeton Hospital, in Cincinnati, according to messages received byParis friends.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fithianand young son, of Ashland, accompanied by Mrs. Fithian's parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Bailey, of Louisville, are guests at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Charles N. Fithian, onPleasant street.Miss Jessie Spencer has returned to Lexington after a visit to hersister, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery and family, near Paris. Mrs. Spencer, MissEvelyn Spencer and Mr. GayleSpencer returned Saturday fromBerea, where they have been spending several weeks in their cottage.Ben Downey, popular exParisian, now representing theDavid Ades Dry Goods Co., of Lexington, will leave this week for hisvacation, going to Breathitt county,where he will be a guest of JamesJohnson. Ben will have a goodbunch of fish stories to relate whenDanville Messenger: "Mrs. A.V. Douglas, of Paris, is visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bourne,on the Shakertown pike. .. .Mrs.William Yerkes, of Glendale, Cal.,Mr. and Mrs. John W. Yerkes. ofParis, Mr. May and children . ofParis, were guests of Mrs. John W.Yerkes, on Friday."Hon. and Mrs. James CampbellCan trill, who are visiting in theBluegrass, were guests of honor Saturday evening at. a dinner given atthe Lexington Country Club by Mr.and Mrs. G. P. Morrison. The tablewas beautifully decorated with pinkand white flowers. The guests wereMr. and Mrs. Cantrill, Judge andMrs. Geo. C. Webb, Gen. and Mrs.YERKES & PEED.and Mrs. W. E. Patton. the boobyprize, a jardinere.Ambrose B. Wagers, of theWagers-Conners Co., of Cincinnati,was a business visitor in Paris, Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. Norman Hill, of Cincinnati, formerly Miss Elizabeth ClayAlexander, of Paris, is a guest ofMiss Kate Alexander.Mrs. Clyde Keller has returnedfrom a three-months' visit to Senaton and Mrs. Norris Williamson, inLake Providence, Louisiana. ,.Mrs. A. B. Hancock is visitingMr. Hancock's mother, in Charlottesville, Va., while her husbandis attending the Fasig-Tipton horsesales in Saratoga, New York.Secretary C B. Harrison, of thelocal Y. M. C. A., returned Mondayfrom Frankfort, Mich., where he hasbeen spending his vacation. Mrs.Harrison and daughter, Edna Louise, will remain in Michigan duringthe month of August.The next meeting of the Bourbon County Garden Club will beheld on Thursday, August 17, withMrs. Samuel Clay as hostess. Theprogram comprises: 1 "Moving ofOriental Poppies and Peonies," Mrs.Woodford Spears; 2 August Lillies,' Miss Helen Hutchcraft; 3"The Month's Reminder," Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr; Exhibition.Mr. and Mrs. Hume Payne entertained Friday evening at theircountry home, near Paris, with adance in honor of their daughters,Misses Gay and Rebecca Payne. Thehome was decorated . with gardenflowers, and the lawn was convertedinto a fairyland with a myriad ofJapanese lanterns. A delicious supper was served to about one hundredguests on the lawn during the intermission at midnight. Music for the.dancers was furnished by Broaddus'Orchestra, of Lexington. The MissesPayne were assisted in entertainingby Miss Elizabeth Wood, of Lexington, Miss Lucy Hall, Miss TillieFerguson and Miss Nell Clay. Guestswere present from Lexington, Midway, Versailles, Cynthiana. Georgetown, Maysville, Owingsville andParis."Mapleshade," the countryhome of Mrs. Freeman Simms, nearParis, was the scene of a brilliantgathering Friday afternoon, whentwo hundred and fifty guests gathered to meet Mrs. James Arthur Orr.a recent bride of the Orr home, andMrs. Clay McClure McGhee, sister ofthe Misses Orr. The home was beautifully decorated with quantities ofgarden flowers, ferns and palms. Adelicious lunch was served. Theguests as they arrived were greetedby Misses Willie Orr, Alfa Ball andMrs. Amos Turney, Jr., who directedthem to the dining room, where theywere met by Mrs. W. G. Talbott andMrs. Rosa Buckler, who introducedthem to the receiving line, composedof Mrs. Freeman Simms, Miss OliviaOrr, Mrs. James Arthur Orr, andMrs. Clay McClure MpGhee, allbeautifully growned in afternooncostumes. In the library Mrs. M. H.Dailey, Miss Ruth McClintock andMrs. H. C. Current looked after thecomfort of the guests, while at therear of the hall Miss Ruth Orr, Mrs.Virgil Chapman and Mrs. CliffordPearce, of Anchorage, presided overthe frappe cups. Refreshments wereserved in the dining room by Mrs.Chas. S. Steenbergen, Mrs. WallerDalby, Mrs. Clarence Ashurst andMiss Grace Hargis. Amnog theguests were many from Lexington,Millersburg. Winchester, Nicholasville, Maysville and Paris.(Other Personals on Page 3)CHILD INJUEEDThe three-year-old son of Mr. and.Mrs. Stanley Richard, while at playyesterday morning, was knockeddown and run over by an auto saidto have been driven by EveretteEnglish. The child, while painfullybruised and cut, was not seriouslyinjured. A physician was summoned and the youngster was given medical attention.NEW HOUSE FOE SALENEW 7-E00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, GAS, ELECTEIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONN0ETH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UEB0N LUMBEE CO;(nov25-tnFOR RENTOne furnished room on East Seventh street, gentleman preferred.Call Cumberland phone 589. (It)County Clerk Pearce Paton callsoffanfinn iif alanHntl nffiP.PrS t-O thefact that the new State election law Roger Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Thosrequires that the clerk of each election precinct call at the office of theCounty Clerk to qualify for thatoffice, receive the key to the boothand paraphernalia used in the election.The office will be ready to do thisCombs.Mrs. Virginia Dalton entertained Wednesday afternoon and yesterday afternoon with bridge at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. P. Cook, on Cypress street.The home was beautifully decoratedwork two days before the election, with garden flowers. About twentyand all clerks should call either guests were present each afternoon,Thursday or Friday in order to be 'several coming in after the gamesprepared for the work on Saturday, ! for tea with the popular young hosAUgust 5. During the past few tess.- On Wednesday afternoon, theyears, Mr. Paton said, the County first prize, a handsome BohemianClerk has beea in- tfce habit of dis-' glass vase, was awarded to Mrs. Edtributing'the ballot boxes, books ward Spears, and the booby prize, aamd all oimar supplis tb b used i jardinere, was awarded to Mrs. DancotiMctSftft wltn tk primary at the W. Pee4. Mrs; Robt. M. JohnsonWbtae at wsi4trbl txptnee to was the winner of first priie a cotte cxmafty. - :-- !&' 7&99J aft ratoga,Ladies' SuitsSpecial Sale Prices this week onLadies' Stylish Suits at$15, $18, $25, $29Worth double value. Colors:black, brown, etc. N It will payyou to see them at this big saving atTwin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. S. GOLDSTINECocmer Seveath and Main StreetsGALA DAYSFor the Thrifty Men andBoys Hereabouts''I Every Straw Hat One-half Price- Every Suit in the House Reduced One-thirdto One-half-vShirt BargainsUnderwear BargainsShoe BargainsBARGAINS GALORE!We are trying not to carry over any summer merchandise. If you need anything it will pay you toget our prices.LEWIS W0LLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe Department619 Main StreetBuy Your Work Clothing Here and Save-jr.You, housekeepers, Jcnowthatmanybed springs are dust catchers.Here's one that isn't. The smooth,beautiful blue enamel finish ofjifocraiBed. Springs,Nsuggests cleanliness and leavesno hiding place f or dustand lint.And such sleeping comfort! Youjust naturally relax and drop oflSinto pleasant, refreshing sleep. Nosag. No rolling to the middle.A nw shipment of thssprings has j list rsachsd usCome in, let us show you the manygood points of this real Autocrat..of all bed springs.CoDyzighUd Shannon Bed Sarins Co., Inc. Loulsrffla, Ky.7"XLWe also call your attention to thebest spring made"Vhe 9fastercraft"Either of these springs sent on30 days trialTHE J. T. HINT0N CO.EITHMPHONE ZI JMl . -v, .PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAIMHearse-Motor Invalid CojKk-Un4rtaMBccft XV"feV -'tJJC T- Hfc1 Vir.ig rrA?PAGE SfXBfll SW PSJJITHE BOURBON ,.JNEWS,,iPARIS,.j .KENTUCKY 3TUESDAY, AUGUST 11921VVBrownw J.II 7 genuine III 'i J J Nv Gillette Blades ITo Jay YbacansAai;efAe VII Gillette way for a dollar NjII The "Brownie" a genuine II Gillette will do it II With three genuine Gillette IBlades too. II $1 everywhere. II GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO. III V Boston, U. S. A. III TTX Now at ' II A? rJ all Dealers IA Q" No b,ades likeWW L- the qenuine IWr r O P Gillette Blades IDEMOCRATIC FEUDS IN- KENTUCKY COUNTIESCHEAP ROADS MOST EXPENSIVEThe new Federal aid highway billrecently signed by President Harding, and providing ?190,000,000for highway construction duringthe three years starting July 1,last, indirectly inflicts a penalty onthe community that builds cheapand costly-to-maintain pavementson important thoroughfares.The federal money is distributedto the various States with the understanding that each State willmatch its quota, dollar for dollar.The government, through the Bu-FARMERS8TRADERSBANKPARIS, KY,gan Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00OFFICERSFrank P. Kiser, PresidentS. L. Weathers, Vice PresidentW. WpHitcbell, CashierJmo. W. Yerkes, Aaa't CashierDam Peed, Jr., Bookkeeper..JUNE 30, 1921BWGHTEKTife4vjvi?'2&GJ f5T MJEfgJust History"nnla 71The Colonial DameSpun her clothBy Candle flame.In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light.And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy nickering Gas.But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Jut presses a buttonlad has Electric light.reau of Public Roads, Departmentof Agriculture, not seeking to dictate what type of pavement shall beconstructed in any given community, specifies that the type of surfacemust be adequate for the traffic anticipated.However, the government doesinsist on protecting its investmentby providing that the variousStates, out of their own pocket,must keep all federal aid roads ingood condition of repair. If this isnot done, the government will itselfmaintain any road not properlymaintained and will deduct the costfrom the State's federal aid allotment.Highway engineers paint out thatthe community which devotes itsquota of federal aid to constructingthe less durable pavement typeswill, within a few years, be greatlyburdened by heavy annual repairand maintenance costs. This maintenance henceforth can not be neglected as it too often has been in thepast.The community which buildspavements that, while costing a little more at first, will last so muchlonger and not call for constantand costly repairing, will escapethe penalties of heavy maintenancecharges and early reconstructioncosts.The Bureau of Public Roads, us jing its observations of the behaviorof pavements under heavy motortruck traffic as a basis, has carefully listed pavement types in order of'their durability. Starting with themost durable the list includes:Vitrified brick, sheet asphalt, cement concrete, bituminous concrete,bituminous macadam, surface treated macadam, waterbound macadam,graval macadam, gravel and sandclay.(Owensboro Messenger)In several large Democratic counties in Kentucky party feuds havegrown up largely as a result ofdomination of a faction within theparty. Party nominees have beenchosen from a faction rather thanfrom the body of the party as awhole. For years this plan succeeded because of the strength ofthe faction and the crack of theparty whip. Each local election,however, has left the party organization weaker, and in some instances has shown a complete party reversal. A notable example of factionaldomination has long been seen incounty of Logan, in the Third Congressional District. The powerfulorganization known as the Rhea faction has long dominated the Democratic party. It is said that a manhad to swear allegiance to theRheas if he aspired to hold office inLogan county. The bitterness engendered by the factional feud grewto such proportions that a man andhis wife, who published a paper inRussellville, were arrested for libelof Circuit Judge Rhea, and theJudge in turn was (arrested chargedwith sending an obscene letterthrough the mails to one of the editors. Thus Logan county, which has always been a Democratic stronghold,had its majority materially reduced,and was no longer to be counted onto roll up a good party vote.Recent developments indicate thatthe old feud is being wiped out, andthat the Logan Democrats are getting together again. The Russellville Messenger, long the leader inthe anti Rhea faction, publishes astory tending to show that with theadvent of a new Circuit Judge andwiping out of the old scores, a newera is dawning in the county. Comment on the administration of JudgeMallory, the Messenger says:"A new atmosphere has been created and respect for the court is being restored. Without it the courtis impotent. The Circuit Judge isthe mainspring to all law enforcement, and the administration ofpublic justice without fear, 'favor oraffection, will go many miles towardour relief."EROSION IS BIG CAUSE OFPLANT FOOD LOSSESTIME LIMIT AUG. 9, FOR DISABILITY CERTIFICATESASPIRINSay "Bayer" and Insist!Unless you see the name "Bayer"on package or on tablets you are notgetting the genuine Bayer productprescribed by physicians over twenty-twoyears and proved safo bymillions forColds HeadacheToothache LumbagoEarache RheumatismNeuralgia Pain, Pain.Accept only "Bayer" packagewhich contains' nrnnpr iiirooftnnaHandv boxes nf twoi-vo tatiiafr.. ...w luuioio lUSti.ew uenus. druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is thetrade mark of Bayer Manufacture ofMonoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.(adv-T)The time limit for securing certificates of disability for men disabled in the world war and -dischargedbefore August 9, 1921, expires August 9, 1922. Such a certificate is of primary importanceto those men discharged with a disability or who developed a disabilitywithin one year from date-of discharge which is traceable to armyservice, but which is not seriousenough to be a handicap or is not 10per cent extent and therefore notsubject to compensation.This certificate is a protection tosuch a man should his disabilityprove more serious in the future. Itwill prove his right to compensationand treatment under the UnitedStates Veteran's Bureau. Sincethere is no indication that the .timewill be extended all ex-service menwho are interested in such certificates should consult Miss Inez Caudill, Red Cross Secretary for Bourbon county, at the office of the ParisCommercial Club, immediately andhave their claims filedErosion is the greatest singlecause of fertility losses in Kentucky soils, according to a new circular entitled, "Soil Erosion,"which is being distributed by theCollege of Agriculture to interestedpersons and farmers. How to prevent soil erosion, therefore, is aproblem of prime importance tofarmers' of the State, the new publication points out."Practically the whole area ofKentucky is more or less rolling,"the publication continues. "Whenever there is. enough slope to landfor surface runoff of the rainfall,washing will occur unless the soilis protected by some form of vegetation. Much erosion takes place inthe form of uniform sheet washingand often is unobstructed for a longtime. Observation will show thaton nearly all lands that are cultivated regularly without proper protection by cover crops, even verygentle slopes are "thinner" and redder or lighter in color than the adjacent level lands. On the whole,this form of washing does far great-,er damage than the gullying oflands."Sheet erosion and gullying arethe two general types of erosion,the former being the more or lessuniform washing of the soil withoutthe distinct formation of gullies,while gullying in a large measure isprevented by the control of sheeterosion. IThe most effective means of pre-venting sheet erosion is to keap theground well covered with some kindof growth, while gullying is be'ststopped by means of plowing in,staking in, checking over-falls, woven wire obstructions, combiningtiling and staking, earth dams orplanting the gullies .with sweet clover or grass. Detailed descriptionsof how to stop sheet erosion as welltained free by asking the Experi-showmg how the work is done arecontained in the new circular.It also contains detailed information concerning the construction ofterraces, together with other information designed to be of help tofarmers who have an erosion problem on their farm. It may be obtained free by asking the Exepriment Station at Lexington for Circular No. 129.0USERS OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. Thisis a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,White Front GarageSTUDEBAKER SALES AND SERVICEGOODRICH AND HOOD TIRESBLUE GRASS GASOLINEOPEN DAY AND NIGHT(tGenuine Ford PartsExpert Battery ServiceRepairs Storage- SuppliesCars WashedMIIIMMMilllH'tll'HWIWIHtt'HHHMtWMHtGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESNisht1 37 2994. uayHWWtHMIIMtllHIIIMtHHIlllMIIIHHTry Us With That Next Job!Ss PRINTING ISTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTWho wants to laugh and grow fatduring the hots-summer months?4 .ofofrKl "l"M"M'M''M'i i XXZVh&rt:We Handle All Kinds ofElectrical Novelties iElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing: Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gaa HeatersAll Sizes' and Prices. Gas Logs 'and GratesThat are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETMMMIMIIHIIIIOPP. COURT HOUSE IAa r -aiwBuucEicctricLo.Man Much to Nature Lover.The bird, upon the tree utters themeaning of the wind a voice of thejprws and the wild flower, words ofthe green leaf; they speak throughthatMender tone. ... Nor is Itceeary that It should be a song-rew abort notes in the sharp sprinelllttrWtsW vt" ur meCOMMITTING MATRIMONY( Courier-Journal )Not long ago a gay old bachelorof Rome, whose brief illness was attributed to his going to the racesdespite the rain, and despite havingforgotten to take an umbrella or araincoat when he set out, died in hismiddle nineties. He was quoted ashaving attributed his exceptionallylong life to his wisdom. He waswise enough not to marry.Sir Harry Poland, who has practiced law in London seventy-oneyears, is quoted by the Times, at 94,as saying: "I never committed matrimony. That is why I am alive today." .Cynical sayings of bachelors whoare beyond 90 give fillip to theirviews of life and how it should belived, but the cynical bachelor isnot wholly convincing."Uncle John" Shell, of Kentucky,may not have been 134 when hedied, but he had a son nearly as oldas Sir Harry Poland."Uncle John" committed matrimony early in life, and through lifewas a marrying man.oWeakness Too Common."DIsrespeck foh de truth," saidUncle Bben, "often comes f um lackof sense. A parrot keeps on sayincwhat comes Into his head simply bcause he's too lazy to learn anythinnew." "6Ends Your Liver TroublesMakes Life Worth LivingFor Sale ByBrooks & Snapp Drug Company,(till Sept. 12)FINEST CANDIES' IN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYSTONE BURIAL VAULTS1Stone Burial Vaults are Nature's own material. No rust, no decay.Endure forever. Best protection. Lowest cost. For sale byPARIS CEMETERY CO,Paris, KentuckyAnt's Grip Is Buslntssllks.The small African warrior ant willpermit his bodv to h fm WA, vi.head before he will let fo the hoWfof iFAWKSMTHE LOAN THAT NEVER COMES DUEUNLESS AND UNTIL THE BORROWER WISHES TO PAY IT$66.46 per year on each $l.tt of loan pays both principal and imttrestNO COMMISSIONSNO RENEWALSAsk Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Paris, or NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank,North Middletown.KentuckyJointStockUndBamkSecurity Truat Bid.. , " Lexlnfttoa, Ky.1LOANSvV v-mm JuancHOies.ijTUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1'$2Tfiar BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYIS UNITED STATES TO, FACELABOR SHORTAGE?ViiI" ' PLAYIKG HpfcSEMOTIOIT PICTU1E JOi EDUCA-TIOH2.1BASH BOOK P1ESEXTEB TO XATIOXAL KtTSEUltThrough the courtesy of Mr. Gabriel Wells, of New York, a rarecopy of the Gutenberg Bible, whichis his, is now on temporary exhibition at the National Museum inWashington.Gutenberg invented the art ofprinting from movable type. Priorto his time printing was done fromcarved wooden blocks, on which waseverything which appeared on apage. Gutenberg invented the threeessentials of modern printing,changed only in details since hisday in the early part of the fifteenth century. These three things,type, mold from "which the type iscast, and matrix, from which themold is made, have had more powerful influence upon the world thanany other invention or discoveryever made. Through them allknowledge is spread; throughprinting the Bible has become theworld's book. Through printing haseducation of the masses been accomplished; through printing has civilization displaced barberism, andknowledge taken the place of ignorance and superstition. It is printing which has caused the downfallof tyranny, material and spiritual;printing which brought the ideals ofliberty, fraternity, equality, toleration, education, and freedom to aworld once divided between oppressors and the oppressed.Gutenberg printed the first Bibleever formed, except by hand or inabbreviated form, from carved wooden blocks. The Gutenberg Bible,now valued at from fifty to a hundred thousand dollars a copy, is farmore than a Bible. To-day most"beautiful Bibles can be bought for alew cents; to-day we have pennynewspapers and ten cent magazines,books for half a dollar, and librariesof them free to millions of people.They are all children of the Gutenberg Bible; all fruit of the mind ofthe humble mechanic of five hundred years ago, whose influence haschanged a world to its bettermentas no other man, save Christ, hasever changed it.oDolly in the "Faucet."Mildred had lived all her five eventful years in the city, and so on herfirst visit to the country everythingwas strange and interesting to her,but nothing seemed to fascinate heras did drawing water from the openTvelL While watching one day herSolly slipped from her hand over thetop of the curb into the water. As itwent out of sight she ran screamingto her mother: "Oh, mamma, mamma;my dolly failed in the in the faucet."According to figures of the Department of Labor, the UnitedStates may shortly face a laborshortage, its unemployment problemcompletely solved.Director General Jones of the Enployment Service, declares the"country is steadily but surely forging its way toward a period of industrial prosperity in which 'it ispossible that the labor supply willnot equal the demand." Optimism,he believes, pervades every industry in every part of the country.Economists of the Nation's Capital sound a note of caution to thoseto whom any optimistic statement istaken at its face value rather thanfor its meaning. They point outthat a labor shortage does not necessarily mean that every man in thecountry has a job, but that thereare jobs enough if every man without a job could get to it. No countryat any time in history, has ever sue-,ceeded in effecting such perfect distribution of labor that all jobs weretlways filled without there beingany jobs or men left over. Thus atthe present time there are Stateswith too many farm hands andStates with a crying need for farmhands. There are industries with aforceful demand for skilled laborerswhich can not be found and tradeswith skilled laborers who can notfind work. It is fundamental andcountry-wide conditions which theDepartment of Labor considers, andin summarizing the decrease in unemployment and the coming laborshortage in certain lines, it showsonly a national aspect of grave questions. Local conditions may contradict national ones in cretain placeswithout prejudice to the accuracy of(the statistics as a whole.With practically every industry inthe country taking on more men andwith Wall Street and the bankinginterests registering optimism, it isnot difficult to read" into predictionsof labor shortage a comforting assurance of a coming solid and prewar normal prosperity. Such, atleast, is the mature judgment of impartial Government experts.DOLLAR SPENT 27 YEARS AGORETURNED TO OWNERReally Serious Horrors.Nothing that is admittedly and unmistakably horrible matters very much,because it frightens people into seeking a remedy; the serious horrors arethose which seem entirely respectableand normal to respectable and normalmen. Bernard Shaw.Mrs. Torrence Hagerman, Chehalis, Wash., spent a dollar in Lancaster, Mo., 27 years ago.She marked her initials on itthen and religiously scrutinizedevery dollar that came into herpossession since that time.Her diligence was rewardedwnen sne was nanded a dollar at aMontesano, Wash., store recently. Itwas the same silver money she parted with in Missouri 27 years ago.oSaturday Note."Tommy, dear," said the sternmother, as her son came in from playing; "this is bath night, you know.""Then I think," answered the boy,Til go out and get a little dirtier."(Lousiville Herald) '.We should walk on all fours instead of on two feet, for nature intended man to be a quadruped. Thisthrilling suggestion comes from anable authority Courtiere, celebrated French scientist.Men who have hunted for collarbuttons under the bureau will notagree with him. Nor will the fatherwhose young son insists that pa"play horse."Courtiere's suggestion is valuable,however, if for no other reasonthan the laughs it starts. Anythingthat takes people's minds off theirproblems and stops morbid introspection analysis of self is astimulant and a tonic.That is why so many men, faggedout from the day's work, turn to thenewspaper comic pictures beforethey read page-one news stories.Evolutionists believe that manonce scrambled about "on all fours"like a monkey. What made him getup on his hind legs? Probably itwas the discovery that he could walkthat way and use his forelegs tocarry home an armful of cocoanutsfor his family.In those' days human arms musthave been as long as the legs, likemonkeys you have seen in the circus with their hands reaching below their knees as they . stalkedabout.Gradually the arms shortened to amore convenient length. Such is thescientific theory interesting,whether you believe it or not.Courtiere is not the only scientistwho thinks we are violating naturallaws by not walking like quadrupeds. Standing up, your stomach andother internal organs sag. Their arrangement indicates that their mostnatural position is when we are onhands and knees. Possibly this explains our instinctive attempt tobrace up our abdomens by corsets,belts and tight trouser bands.The correct position of the bodyin walking may be debatable. Butthis much is certain: When feelingdizzy or ill in any way, nothingbeats lying on the back.A person lying down relieves hisinternal machinery of the strainthat is always present when movingabout on the feet. The heart, too,has less work to do in pumping theblood.Rest and complete relaxationeven for only ten or twenty minutesat a time often will enable thebody to recharge its batteries sufficiently to ward off what might develop into serious illness.We get ill on our feet. We recover lying down.oFirst Costly Error.If we had our life to live over againwe believe we could do better in someways, avoiding the mistake, for instance, of trying to make our wife'srelatives feel at home the first timethey came to visit us. Ohio StateJournal.&lji- .OFFER SPECIAL INDUCEMENTSFOR AUGUST SHOPPINGAll of them affording such remarkable savings thatthey are well worth coming to Cincinnati.TTHE AUGUST SALE OF FURSbrings a selection of handsome scarfs and wraps at prices lowerthan they have been for several years.AUGUST FURNITURE SALEoffers 15 to 50 discount on our entire stock of furniture,which includes a number of beautiful suites and separate pieces.SALE OF BLANKETSA well-stocked assortment of soft, warm blankets at prices lowerthan at any other time of year, is displayed in this greatAugust event.AUGUST LINEN SALEThe justly famed Pogue Linens have never been more attractivein design nor finer in quality than at this special time. Pricesare characterized by real economy.THE H. & S. POGIJE CO.FOURTH AT RACECINCINNATI OHIO iA-!During the closing hours of theNational Educational AssociationConvention in Boston three actionswere taken which may have the utmost importance in furthering thespread of education. By a vote ofall delegates which lacked but twoof being unanimous, the TownerSterling bill, creating a Departmentof Education, with a Secretary inthe President's Cabinet, was endorsed as being the great necessityif educational progress is to receiveproper governmental aid in thiscountry.Mr. Will H. Hays, former Postmaster General and now head of themotion picture industry, offered theco-operation of the movies to the educational world."There is already a great demandfor pedagogic pictures," Mr. Hayssaid, "i propose that we jointlystudy that demand, and that wejointly find ways and means of supPlying it. Let a committee be appointed of this association make upof the very best talent within yourranks; let them meet with the greatproducers of the country and findways to use our facilities. We askyou to aid us and to let us aidyou in the study of the whole problem of the use of the motion pictureas a direct pedagogic instrument."Plans for a world conference oneducation, to take place in 1923,were offered the convention.Invitations are being sent to. 45countries to join America in the enterprise. The committee recommended that out of the world conference should come an internationaleducation association. The committee also proposed that the world conference discuss a world peace exposition to be held in 1930.oBADIUM LESS IN PRICE AT $120PER MILLIGRAM, N " 11-Radium, wonder element, usedextensively in the treatment of cancer and in the laboratory of thephysicist, has decreased in pricefrom 15 to 20 per cent, according toannouncements of the principalcompany extracting the rare mineral from the ore.About 250 tons of ore are required to yield a single gram of radium.The ore is mined in Colorado andmust be shipped across the countryto New Jersey for the extractingprocess. Hence the cost of a gramof radium is a product of the cost ofthe ore, plus the transportation of250 tons of mineral earth, plus theprocess of extraction of the radium.With the substance increasing invalue to humanity every day it isused, physicians and others interested in its employment are wonderingwhy it is not possible to erect an extraction plant in Colorado in orderto avoid the need for the long haulof thousands of tons of earth acrossthe country. The entire product ofradium for the year could be carriedcomfortably in a man's pocket; whyspend the money for, coal and handling of the earth which carries theradium; why not extract it at themine mouth and transport the finished product,oTRADITIONAL STORY OF GENOAunTJOS inftSEirSAL CAYou Need One; Buy it NowIt Insures Health and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES Because' You are Guaranteed Factory PricesYou Get Service that SatisfiesPay as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With ItxI AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRUGGLESMOTOR COMPANYParis, " KentuckyBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, proprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street.;,. rZ2mmm iimSlfilTlfiFIRTIflln mui i miW OUR WATCHWORD!I.'.-" ttt..-, ,1 .1 , , ,SifcJ mm an tneiaiesi improve-S'a merits in lannrlrvannlinrfrea I-.,- - ' -- --,. Wrr,..WMw . v-& and expert helpers we are g'&$ prepared to do work infe-rior xo none, ana solicit:Q yur patronage.IThe Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyIKXKiXBX!LEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANING(Detroit News)An inscription in the Cathedralof St. Lawrence contains the traditional account of Genoa's foundationby "Janus, the. first King of Italy,and descended from the Giants,"adding that he was 'great-grandsonof Noah," and that he founded thecity "in the time of Abraham." Asa matter of fact, its name is derivednot from "Janus," but from theLatin "genus" ("knee")', owing tothe shape of the coast, but its antiquity was conclusively proved in1898 by the discovery of ancientvases of the Fifth Century beforeChrist, which, if not used by thecontemporaries of Abraham, were atleast of the same age as the Persianwars in Greece and the early Republic in Rome.The 'first mention of the city,however, in Roman history is itsdestruction "by Mago, the Carthaginian General, - during the secondPunic War, and its refounding bythe Romans in 203: One memorialof Roman Genoa still survives inthe shape of a bronze tablet, nowin the town hall, containing thejudgment of Roman arbitrators in adispute between the city and anotherplace in 117 B. C. Apoccopius accurately described Genoa as "wellsituated as a port of call for thevoyage to Gaul and to Spain," as itstill is. xo sThe End.Til never ask another girl to marryme as long as I live," groaned the unhappy fellow. "What! Refused again?"asked his sympathetic friend. "No, accepted, you fool !"oPt Worthy af Hintr.I .think, and think I think, rightly,the i laurel , appointed for, triumphantcaptains . doth worthily, of all .otherlearnings, honor the poat'f triumph.IN the judgment ofthose who know,we are equipped byour experince toserve cofrectly in ourprofessional caprcity.People are impressedby the dignified quality of our assistance.H.Wd:irJ rT3Tixitf-m. yi-Two -Year -Old Rose Plants'On Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSthee INtMttntk St, Nsur jfraimityr .-?5S.-3F ' -&JkAa& -n M, T.A i-Pr- -Srpfa jjariMMMS)--Sidney.-t wxmf ,-,.. -"w-i'upi v-mmmmmmnvmmi3mm'"'Tfhl ' f ' iirT-Tff ''V,?y-ii(tijyfiiinira . .i,.iif?iriir,rii.iii"nit Iin if Tni( nfiiiffium iwiijUif urni iJ.?1-1 'rfc ? ' "TK -v-N".r ,JRAGI EIGHTTHE BOURBON,, NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, AUGUST 1, If ifV1REAL ESTATE DEALS-The old Walsh distillery propertyon the North Middletown pike, near!aris, has been sold by Mrs. Robert-Goggin, and brothers, Carley andThos. Wilmoth. to E. F. Spears &:Sons, fcr a private price. The property comprises about twenty-sevenacres of land, brick warehouses, anoffice building, dwelling, railroadswitches, etc. It is reported that-the purchasers plan extensive improvements, and contemplate using'the buildings for bluegrass seedcleaning and storage purposes.Construction work on the Harris,23peakes & Harris storeroom, at thecorner of High and Seventh streets,and the brick business house adjoining, the latter to be occupied byJTohn J. Connelly as a plumbing establishment, is progressing rapiedly.'-Both will soon be completed and-.ready for occupancy.DEATHSlife Is But A Brief Span, AThat All Must ayDebtOne day recently a girl stood upTm a street car because her stocking tor of the Paris christianUiad a hole in the knee.vnREMODELINGSALEStillGoingOnChoice of any $2.50 and$3.00STRAW HATin our houseS1.25Children's StrawHatsFormerly Sold at 75c,$1.00 and $1.50, ChoiceHBRRINFollowing an illness of abouttwo weeks' duration, Mrs. Sallie T.Herrin. aged about thirty-seven,died at her apartments in the DowBuilding at 9:30 o'clock Sundaynight.Mrs. Herrin was a daughter ofThomas H. and Kate Ronan Williams, and was a native of this.county. She was the wife of Edward Herrin, of Paris, and a woman'of fine character, who had a largecircle of friends in the community.Besides her parents and her hus-'band, she is survived by one daughter, Miss Jessie D. Herrin, and onesister, Miss Lydia Williams, both ofParis.The funeral will be held at thehome of her parents, at 1839 SouthMain street, at three o'clock, this,(Tuesday) afternoon, with servicesconducted by Rev. W. B. Ellis, pas-church.The interment will follow on thefamily lot in the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers will be W. W.Swartz, Ben Leach, Cleary Fightmaster, James Estes, Dr. J. W. Wallingford, O. H. Rice.oY. M C. A. NOTESAlsrMOIANDI2:00 to 5:30PRICES ADULTS 30cv CHILDREN 10c, War Tax Inc.GALLERY7:00 to 0:30-ADULTS 20c, CHILDREN 10c9 War Tax Inc.The Bourbon county boys, eighteen in number, returned from atwo-weeks' outing at Camp DanielBoone, having won the followingribbons and badges: Sol Feld, 6 redribbons. 4 in track, 1 in tennis, 1in boat races, and the Life SavingEmblem; Chas. Cahal, Life SavingEmblem' and blue ribbon in boatrace; Billy Yerkes, Bronze Triangle;Joe Mitchell, Life Saving; T. J.Judy, Silver Triangle, blue ribbonin boat race; John Brooks Webber,beginner's swimming button; JesseTurney, Jr., blue ribbon in highjump. ioPROMINENT HORSEMAN SUSTAINS PARALYTIC STROKETUESDAY VODVIL AND PICTURES TUESDAYBETTY COMPSON in "Ladies Must Live"A photoplay of unusual charm made by the late George Leon Tucker. Also "A Musical Treat for Paris' Music Lovers." So, Hear it.ARMISTEATJ'S MUSICAL QUINTETTEMusic, yes, and "Jazz You said something!" Just a splendid act you don't want to miss.Wednesday Free Day Realart Pictures Present Wednesday Free DayALICE BRADY in "Hush Money"Here is another opportunity to be thrilled by this "idol of stage and screen's" emotional fire, and her rare gift of wearing clothes7 like athoroughbred. Action after action after action and scene after scene in which human beings are played upon by human forces. Gripping because real! AlsoABMISTEAD'S MUSICAL QUINTETTEIf You Like Music You Will Surely Want to Hear a Good Musical ActTHURRDAYREALART PICTURES PRESENTTHURSDAY25cBates Street Shirts?iitvr.Ift S)fcK$2.00 Shirts now$2.50 Shirts now$3.00 Shirts now$3.50 Shirts now$4.00 Shirts now$5.00 Silk Shirtsnow$1.50$1.75$1.95$2,60.$3.75Joseph Hawkins, prominent in theturf world as a successful breederand handler of thoroughbreds, suffered a stroke of paralysis at Latonia last week, while superintending shipping some horses. He wasremoved to the Seaton Hospital, inCincinnati, where he is reported asdoing very nicely.Mr. Hawkins is a former residentof Bourbon county, having for manyyears resided on the old Hawkinsfarm near Centerville. He has ahost of friends in Borubon county,who hope he will pull through allright.ASK AID FROM PAPERSPrice & Co.ClothiersThe State Federation of Women'sClubs will ask the co-operation ofthe press of Kentucky in the plansfor international disarmament. Thenewspapers will be asked to presenteditorials in favor of disarmament,and plans made by the NationalCouncil for Reduction of Armament,together with plans of Salman Levinson, of Chicago, and the late Senator P. C. Knox for the outlawingof war, will be sent to the newspapers as material for their articleson the subject.BEBE DANIELS in "The Speed Girl"It's Bebe at her daringest, dashingest, good little, bad little girlishness. She is bewitching onand lovable in jail. A six-cylinder, hundred-and-twenty fun-power, record-breaking comedy. ,ALSO -PATHE SERIAL, "GO-GET-'EM HUTCH," AND SNUB POLLARD COMEDY, "IN THE MOVIES."horseback, dazzling in her airplane,MATRIMONIALA Record of Dan Cupid's Doings AsThe Days Go ByThe following marriage licenseshave been issued by County ClerkPearce Paton: Howard Davis and"Ethel Tucker, both of Grant couney; Sterling King and Miss ViolaStewart, both of North Middletown;Ira D. Thompson, Jr., of Paris, andMiss Bettie McCann Perry, of Richmond. All were married yesterdayafternoon by Rev. W. E. Ellis, at hishome on Main street.TIPTON BROADDUSThomas R. Tipton, aged twentfiye, farmer, of Union City, son ofMr. and Mrs. C. L. Tipton, and MissCallena Broaddus, twenty-five,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. EldridgeBroaddus, of Moberley, Ky., securedmarriage license in Paris, Saturdayafternoon, and were married shortlyafter at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church.LAWRENCE McCOWANMiss Mabel Lawrence and Welburn McCowan, both of Carlisle,were married at four o'clock Saturday afternoon, at the home of theofficiating minister. Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The bride's father, John Lawrence,of Carlisle, witnessed the ceremony.The groom is a son of Mr. and Mrs.Robert McCowan, of Carlisle.BOURBON FARM CONDITIONS ' and Plums are to be had at moderate' prices.The drouth which has prevailed A number of Bourbon countythroughout this section for nearly farmers are preparing to treat theirtwo months has been broken by soils tnis winter with ground limelight rains, hardly enough to re- stone, and have already placed theirlieve the situation, but giving prom- orders for this valuable soil enise of more to come. Rain is badly 'riching element. Among those whoneeded in all sections. Crops were nave already spread the limestoneslightly benefitted by a rain which on tGeir farms are Jonas Weil, A. B.fell Sunday night. It was the first Hancock, Wm. Jones, Dr. D. S. Hentime in several weeks that the coun- rv- Sam Clay, Edward F. Simms andty has been favored with a rain that Redmon Talbott.promised some good. oIn those sections where the rain' EARLY FALL PROBABLEfell the crops will be tided over fora few days longer. Tobacco is in Observers say all signs point to anfairly good shape,"and can stand the early falL Ifc is noted that fruitsdry spell much longer than the corn. and vegetables are ripening twoCorn is well-developed in the stalk, ,weeks to a montl1 earlier this seaand with enough rain in the near,Bon than usual- Flowers, such asfuture should turn out well in the golden glow, dahlias and many othear. Gardners report the best to-,ers whicn rarely bloom before latemato crop in the county for manyIn AuSust are now in bloom. It isyears. also noted that many weeds havePastures are dried up, but are still matured, which all goes to show,oemg usea tor grazing. The gar- according to tne ooservant ones,dens are suffering from the combined effects of heat and lack of moisture. Fruit is reported in abundancein most sections. Apples, peachesthat we will have a very early fall.oWho wants to laugh and grow fatduring the hot summer months?LODGE NOTESThe membership of the Knightsof Columbus in the United Stateswas 762,400 on June 30, an increaseof 24,250 in a year, according to areport prepared by Supreme Secre-tary William G. McGinley, which'will be submitted at the SupremeCouncil session in Atlantic City, thisweek.oSPECIAL TAX STAMPSSpecial federal tax stamps for pooland billiard tables, ball parks, pict-ure shows, soda fountains, oleomargarines, automobiles for hire andother articles must be obtained before July 31 to avoid a delinquentpenalty, it was announced at theLexington office of the internal revenue department. July 31 is alsothe last day for filing capital stockreturns and foreign corporation returns, it was said.oFlorida man who started out forthe time of his life is in jail for thetime of his life. fj5AGENTS WANTEDSell the Original Watkins Products. Good city territory stillopen. Get our wonderful offer andfree samples. Write to-day.THE J. R. WATKINS CO.,(augl-2t Dept. 79, Memphis, Tenn.r kyhfLi.Ailajg PASSBOOK BlaXProsperityandHappiness.eoAsIf a man starts in life without money he must workmust work and earn before he can have any money.But his earning power will never help him to getahead unless he SAVES A PART of what he makes.Save money before your Earning Power is GONE.tWE WILL WELCOME YOUR ACCOUNT.i I Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.PERRY THOMPSONAt his residence, in this city, atthree o'clock yesterday afternoon,Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, performed the ceremony uniting in marriage BettieMcCann Perry, of Richmond, andMr. Ira D. Thompson, Jr., of Paris.The bride is one of the handsomest young women of Richmond, thedaughter of Dr. and Mrs. GeorgeGess Perry. For two years she attended Hamilton College, in Lexington, where she specialized in dramatic interpretation, in which shehas an exceptional ta'lent. She is amember of the Kappa Delta Sigmafraternity. She has been a frequentvisitor in Paris, as guest of MissElmeta Hinton, at her home onPleasant street. Mr. Thompson isthe son of Mr. and Mrs. I. D.Thompson, Sr., of Paris, and is to beassociated in business with has father as a member of the SomersetStave & Lumber Company, at Somerset. Following a short wedding tripMr. and Mrs. Thompson will returnto Paris, where they will be at thehome of the groom's parents for atime.TAX NOTICE.THE BOURBON COUNTY TAXCOMMISSIONER'S 0EHCE, AT THEC0TJBT HOUSE, IS NOW OPEN FORTHE TRANSACTION OF BUSINESS.ALL TAXPAYERS ARE ASKED TOCALL EARLY-AND LIST THEIRPROPERTY TOR TAXATION.BEN WOODFORD, JR.,(July 21-tf) Tax Commissioner.BUYS PINE YEARLINGSThe racing firm of Kohn &' Theison, of Louisville, recently purchased through the agency of Robert C.Frakes, former Parisian, three finethoroughbred yearlings. Mr. Frakesconducted negotiations which resulted in the purchase of a bay coltby McGhee out of Ida Harrison,form the Charles Moore estate; frdmRhodes Ectill, a bay filly by Hessianout of. Countess Wilmott by FegfrQuine, and from James' L. Carrick,of Georgetown, a bay colt by iHJkAMAZINGSHOEVALUESfb&dterOn Sale This Week in This Great Money-SavngWrMmGreat stocks of this season's newest styles most desirable footwear at reductions from 20 per cent to 40 per cent.The savings are almost unbelievable not until you see them will you be convinced that they do exist here. REMEMBER ONLY RELIABLE, DEPENDABLEMERCHANDISE OFFERED IN THIS SALE.Clean Sweep Sale of Ladies' Footwear Newest Styles White CanvasLace Oxfords and Straps. Reduced t4 rto 11.43Ladies' $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 TanOxfords and Straps, also Grey 4 npSuedes. Reduced to J JJ JLadies' $3.50 and $4.00 Patent andTan Straps and Oxfords, Reduced frft MrLadies' $4.00 to $5.00 Tan, Patentsand Kid Straps and Oxfords. Re- A Qrduced to ZiUuClean Sweep Sale of Men's Footwear Men's $4.00 Tan Dress Shoesand Oxfords, ruhher heels. Re- frt qpduced to jZaUUMen's $5.00 Grades Shoes and Ox- A irfords, rubher heels. Reduced to.. JBuMen's $7.00, $8.00 and $9.00 HighGrade Shoes and Walk-Over Ox- f j amfords. Reduced to f njjMen's $2.50 Tan Elk Outing Shoes f -jan il. aMen's Tan Army Last Work f 4 f-Shoes, now JI.UJClean Sweep Sales Missses' andChildren's Slippers, White Canvasand Tan $3.49 Grades Tan and 4 pPatents, now m JJJ$2.99 Children's Slippers, f jQnow JI.4"One lot Slippers, $2.50 grades, f 4 jr"ji.43Infants' $1.25 Kid Straps Cftinow. . .: , I JHJCBoys' and Youths' $3,00 Tan Shoes 4 fuiall sizes, 1 to 6, now J m jJJJDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReigiFinneii, tut or wit Day, by P,jf u' iO' Day. J&1, . ,w"1 V '.J. J-Jr"t i- -j tJriL"" .. MA-rf c.'dHiWrrt i?tf'to4. TV3iilr1!'' ,-,. f2