. IvAVrX',:- s-v i.THEy -., hiIXPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.-"yOLUME XLIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1522f. .- a,BOURBON NEWSP. H. S. ALUMNI TO HELP IN. CELEBRATIONThe Paris High School AlmniAssociation is making plans to assistthe school to make a big day out ofSaturday, October 28. On this datethe High School football team willhave as their opponent the St.Xavier School, of Louisville. Thiswill undoubtedly prove to be themost attractive football game played in Central Kentucky this season.The Alumni Association is takinggreat interest in helping to makethis the banner day in the footballhistory of Paris. It is planned tohave two trucks, one decorated inSt. Xavier colors, another in theHigh School colors, an to havethese two trucks bearing the respective teams to be at the head of abig parade over the business sectionof Paris, just preceding the game.Plans are being made to have this ahome-coming day for the city ofParis. The city school students,faculty and Alumni Association joinwith the officials, the organizationand the citizens, of Paris ininviting all former Parisians to spendSaturday, October 28, in "Paris.Every effort will be made to make,this a pleasant day for you in yourold home town.BOXES FOR OVERSEASThe Bourbon County Red .CrossChapter has received four hundredChristmas boxes to be filled for overseas shipment. This work is beingundertaken through the co-operationof the Bourbon county schools.It is expected by the committee incharge of the packing that all theboxes will be ready for shipmentbefore October 25, when they willTje at the Bush Terminal, in NewYork, ready for shipment abroad,chiefly to the sufferers in Armeniaand the Far East.Several - boxes have not yet beendistributed, according to the committee, who ask that anyone1 interested in aiding in the work shouldcall at the office of the Red CrossChapter and secure one.CROaUET- BALLS IN HEIFER'SSTOMACH!When Geo. B. Gilbert, president of ,the Beef Club, at Russellville, killeda two-year-old heifer he found in j"her stomach a croquet ball and two .other wooden balls, slightly smaller.Her stomach was in a healthy condition. "THE PRIDECOACOATS - COATSGOATS COATS-rCOATSCOATS FORCOATS FORCOATSGIRLS AND WOMEN' ARRIVINGSomething NewIN ALL WANTED SHADESAND MATERIALS.DEPARTMENT STORE- PARIS,RUM CARAVAN IN PITCHEDBATTLEAs the result of a raid made on aparty of alleged rum-runners nearPerryvflle bridge, in Boyle county,Wednesday morning, four Parisboys have been implicated and wereheld in bonds of $300 each to appearTjefore the Federal grand jury at thenext term of the United StatesCourt at Lexington. The. fourParis men were Pete Linville, Edgar Crawford; Howard Fightmasterand Joe Cain. Linville was held atthe Lexington jail with three othermen, giving their names as ErnestBrady, Virgil R. Morton and Lawrence Howard, all of Covington.Those released on bond were Edgar Crawford, Howard Fightmasterand Joe Cain, of Paris, and JohnnieMorris, of Lexington. Their bondswas fixed at a hearing held in theoffice of United States CommissionerCharles Wiard, in Lexington, Wednesday morning.After a pitched battle at thebridge ovqr the creek at Perryville,at 2 o'clock Wednesday morning,prohibition officers captured eightalleged whisky junners, five automobiles, 410 gallons .of red whisky,forty-five gallons of white whisky,two pump guns, two high-powerrifles and a 45 caliber revolver.Two men in a car, believed to becomrades of the persons' arrested,made their escape toward Lexington. The trap was laid upon information that the company were Lexington men and had gone to Nelson'county for whisky. A car was placed cross-wise to block the bridgeand the posse lay in wait. Whenthe procession of cars arrived andthe drivers were forced to stop, theoccupants opened fire, which wasvigorously returned by ths officers.About forty shots were exchangedbefore the alleged runners" put uptheir hands. No one was" wounded.COATS COATSGIRLS COATS AT THE LEADER.U. D. C. MEETINGThe regular meeting of the Richard Hawes Chapter, U. D. C, willbe held in the Confederate room inthe court house, Saturday after-noon, October 21, at 2:30 o'clock,The principal business before themeeting will be election of officersand hearing of reports from theState convention of the U. D. C, atLouisville this week.OF PARIS"TI INFANTS VCHILDREN -X-'OREVERY DAY lSomething Different: -.KENTUCKYSTHE AGRICULTURAL FAIROne of the most successful eventsheld in Bourbon county in recentyears was the Agricultural Fairgiven at the Bourbon County HighSchool in Millersburg under the auspices of the i Junior AgriculturalClub of the school and kindred interests throughout the county. Theevent was fully treated in our Millersburg department, but owing to apressure of advertising we could notgive space to the premium list,which was quite lengthy.Among the premiums offered atthe fair were three given by THEBOURBON NEWS, as follows: Bestpeck sweet potatoes, premium, oneyear's subscription to THE NEWS,T. J.- Cartmell; 'Best half-peckonions, premium one year's subscription to THE NEWS, R. L. Wilson;Best two Southdown ewes, any age,first premium, one year's subscription to THE NEWS, Reynolds Letton. The first fair held last' year was asuccess, but profiting by the omissions on that occasion, Professor J..W. Lancaster and his corps of ableassistants saw that nothing wasoverlooked this year which wouldaid to the success of their, undertaking. To the older residents who heldpleasant memories of the old Bour-bon County Fair, which ran for aperiod of sixty-five years, vthe present fair was compared favorably.The show in the floral hall wasequal. to that of anycounty fair inthe State. Women's work predominated, and long tables of deliciouscakes, pies, bread and candies, someof them prepared by girls not yetout of their teens, showed the excellent work the fair is accomplishing. The live stock exhibit comprisedhogs, sheep, cattle, horses, mules,ponies. There were numerous exhibits of chickens, ducks, geese,turkeys and guineas, and two ringsof hunting dogs, with several entries, attracted much attention. Anold-fashioned hand cider press madeand furnfshed to the thirsty a splendid article of sweet cider, sans"kick." The ladies of the ParentTeachers' Association furnished fortwenty-five cents a luncheon ofburgoo, sandwiches and coffee.The object of Jthe association is"to stimulate 'an interest in improved agriculture and schools." Located in one of the richest agriculturalsections in the world, it is the aim'of Prof. Lancaster and his associates to improve rural conditions andto lead the boys and girls to a higher appreciation of their opportunities at home, and to fit them for ahappy, useful, consecrated rural service. The annual hog sale held Fridayafternoon- netted 114.50, whichwas turned over to the ParentTeachers' Association to aid in itswork.PARIS CITY SCHOOLS' EVENINGCLASSESThe program of the eveningclasses at the Paris City School willopen Monday evening,' November 6,at 7 oclock. The first classes toopen this year will be shorthand,bookkeeping, typewriting and commercial arithmetic. If -you are interested in any of these courses willyou? please come in person 'io theCity School, telephone or send inyour name by mail between nowand November ,6 ? We have added'(two new typewriters to the Commercial. -Department and' at present'we have twelve machines.-We shall make a great effort totake care v of 'all evening studentswho want to take these,-courses thiswinter. If you live in Paris thesecourses are free and if you live out-leide of the city the charges are rea1 sonable.There never -has been such a demand for education and the ParisCity Schools will offer this ear a' most"liberal program of studies.The announcement of the openI .ing of other course will be madewithin the next few days.CYNTHIANA MAN KILLED INILLINOIS.John Sauer, of Paris, received amessage Monday night telling of thedeath of his brother-in-law, A.Ashbrook, in Elgin, Illinois. Mr.Ashbrook, who formerly resided inCynthiana, died at Elgin, as the result of being struck by an automobile. He was sixty-five years old,and is survived by his widow, onedaughter, ' and one brother. WilliamAshbrook, formely of Cynthiana.CITY TAXES JDUE; POY UP NOWTHE CITY TAX LISTS HAVENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND, SETTLE SAME PROMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SBEEN TURNED OVER T0ME FORj COLLECTION. YOUR TAXES AREDEPOSIT BANK & TRUST COM.PANY.FOOTBALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20.3 O'CLOCK.The baseball season is over. Paris was appointed Wednesday by Counhad wonderful crowds at the base-ty Judge George Batterton as adball games during the jentire sum-ministrator of the estate of the latemer, and now people's minds will Albert B. Endicott. Mr. McDanielnaturally. change to football for the' accepted the trust and qualified bynext few weeks. furnishing bond in the suj of $500,Paris High School has one 6f the with S. H. Endicott as surety,best teams she has ever had. The t Robert Turner, who was ordainedboys have had a little 4)ad luck in ! as a minister by Rev. Arthur Fox,having some of their High School J pastor of the Paris Baptist church,games cancelled and being forced to 4 Secured his bond Wednesday -fromplay two college freshmen games -County Clerk Pearce Paton, with J.which they lost by small scores. Jc. Hudnall, of the Spears Mill vicin-The first game of the season ; ity, as surety.Paris won over Carlisle by a largescore; the second game xur teamWas beaten by thev Georgetown College Freshmen 3 to 0; the third jgame we were beaten by State University Ereshmen with a smallscore; the fourth game witli severalmien sick with colds and with twoon the crippled list, playing inCynthiana, was lost by the smallscore of 3 to 0. The games have allbeen close and well plajred.To-day when Paris Hi meets JFlemingsburg High School om Hancock Field, von inav fi-jmeo.t nnp of, jthe best games played here this season.' They are making a specialefort to have 500 football' fans present. Will you be one? ,Remember the Uig home-comingday for Paris, Saturday, October 28,when we meet St. Xavier School, ofLouisville. It is hoped to have 2,000 people at this game.BOYS' CORDUROY SUITS $8.50' Made of Crompton's All-WeatherJ. W.. DAVIS & CO."BfoD" ELLER "GETS HIS"Horace (Hod) Eller, formerpitching ace for the Reds, was attacked and, badly beaten at "Danville,111., when property owners in Vermillion Heights, a suburb, resentedhis striking the occupant ofja burning house. jEller. returning frompitching in the Blue Grass Leagueat Mt. Sterling, Ky., was appointedFriday as a fire fighter. The firedepartment seemed to be slow responding to an alarm. "I supposeyou had to finish that crap game before you could get started," shoutedan angry property owner. Ellerstruck him and then the fight began. Paris fans will recall the turbulent disposition shown by the redoubtable Eller, in a game on theParis grounds with'the Mt. Sterlingteam when Eller advanced in athreatening manner toward UmpireOsborne, after having thrown theball at him. Osborne was readyand would have done the scrappingEller serious injury had not thepolice removed" him from the field.: oWANTED TO RENT PRIVATELY I,,47.2 acres of land on the Clintonville pike about ,six, miles fromParis, adjoining the lands of S. L.Weathers, N. Ford Brent and O. L.Davis. This is a good farm and hasa modern and attractive home on it.See Buckner Woodford, agent forUlie J. Howard. . (oct20-tf)oCOATS COATS -COATS 20R INFANTS-AT THELEADER.I DN3T7 1 SECRETARYAt a recent nleeting of the Board'of Directors of the Bourbon County!Y. M. C. A, Mr. Charles H. Humphrey, of Indianapolis, ..was chosento succeed C. B. Harrison as generalsecretary. Mr. Harrison has accepted a position as general secre- (tary of the Y. M. C. A. at Green-castle, Indiana, and has moved there 'to assume his duties. 'Mr. Humphrey has had a largeand varied experience in Y. M. C. A.work, and will make a worthy successor to Mr. Harrison. Mr. andMrs. Humphrey are at present in Indianapolis superintending the removal of their household goods toParis. He will assume his new duties about November 1. Until thenthe management of the Y will .beunder the very capable direction ofMiss Jessie Rose, office secretary. iFOOTBALL THIS AFTERNOONThe Paris and Flemingsburg HighSchool football teams will meet onHancock Field, at 3:30 o'clock this(Friday) afternoon. Both teamsare determined to put" up" a goodfight and a red hot contest is lookedfor. . Come out and root for P. H. S.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERSJUST SIXTEEN DAYS REMAININ WHICH TO PAY YOUR TAXES.rCOME A-RUNNING!BEN WOODFORD,Tax. Commissioner Bourbon- County;, cio-tcr 'a,COURT NEWSJohn F. McDaniel, of Millersburg,BOURBON GUN CLUBThe Bourbon Gun Club held theirregular shoot on the gun clubgrounds in East Paris Wednesdayafternoon, with a good- attendance.Despite thecool weather the trapshooters took a. decided .interest inthe event, andsome good scoreswere made. Squire John Shropshirewon the trophy, a hunting coat, bybreaking 72 out of 75. The follow-mg scores were made:Shot At BrokeA. B. Perkins.10094,94A. E. Turney 100H. M. Roseberry .. ..100J. C. Kenney 100"William Ardery .. ..100John N. Shropshire. . . 75F. A. Burgin 75N. F. Brent 75J. L. Dodge 7592J828272'7064'644S4642352322121686Alfred Clay 50Douglas Thomas . :. 50Richard Jones 50John Yerkes 50V K. Dodge, -. . . 25A. H. Carr ' . .25J. T. Matterson.' . . . . 25A. C. Carr . s 25William Ardery, Jr. . . 25Bryant Jones 25QUAIL PLENTIFULBourbon county sportsmen are- assured plenty of sport this fall fromreports that have come in recently.Quail and rabbits are reported asbeing in abundance, not only inBourbon, but in adjoining counties.The county game wardens havetheir ears and eyes in readiness tocatch violators who begin the seasontoo early, or who hunt without having the necessary license.Fire. Wind and Lightning Insurance. THOMAS. WOODFORD & BRYANFRANK & CO.-LADIES' OUTFITTERSNv WHOSIERYBe it Silk or Wool--is Coloredto Match the CostumeH"ARMONY is necessary nowadays if onewould achieveand hosiery is decidedly an Jmportant factor,in gaining this effect. Be the costume forsportsspr evening, there" is hosiery here inprofusion to match clock .embroidered, orlacy plain, too irv every grade ancj shadeand price. . nFRANK&CO.v3BIESL, OUTFITTERS ,SOFFICER TO AMEJID ALL-DATMEETDf .1The Woman's Missionary Socittof the Lexington District will holdan all-day session at the Epworthchurch; in Lexington, to-day. Friday; October 20, beginning at 10o'clock. Mrs. Virgil McClure, -districtsecretary, will be in dafffand the foilowig.'cnfrect,oj-cers will be present: Mrs. J. BLSpillman, of Harrodsburg, , president; Mrs. Norman Taylor, fBurnside, superintendent of "joungpeople; "Miss Sarah Powers, of Paris,treasurer, and Miss Julia DurhamofDanville, secretary.A number of members of the Winchester soaiety will be on the program, including Dr. U. G. Foote,who will have charge of the Biblelesson. fTJie evening program will be in.charge of the Juniors from seven toeight o'clock and the young peoplessocieties from eight to nine.HALLOWEEN PARTY FOR . .CHURCtt SOCIETIESThe members of the Senior andJunior Endeavor Societies of thePresbyterian church, are invited toattend a masked Hallow'een party,to be given in the Sunday Schoolroom on Friday evening. October 27rbetween the hours of 7:45 and10,000: Both honorary and activemembers are invited. The only re- .quirement is that you come in fea-,five humor and attire, either fancycostume or as a ghost, a goodlynumber of ghosts beingr desired.: o- BANEUPT SALEThe sale of furniture, etc.; conducted in the Robneel Building "byJames Clay Ward, trustee in bankrputcy for E. M. Wheeler, brought.good prices, and was well attended.The sale closed yesterday. The auctioneer were Hensel -Margolen andGeorge D. Speakes, who kept thingmoving along at a lively rate.oSPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYSVoters who were absent from thecity on October 3, 19 2 2, between thahours ofx6:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. m.,or were sick on that day can register at .the County Clerk's office iathe court house on Monday, October 30, Tuesday, October 31, andWednesday, November 1.v.2'j-the perfect ensemblen-M' 1A-:diM.r;r-.&..- '.r. crapjiAS,'aiWLWWUDjMr 9Bi. QTPK&lUVl&n'..'41.(13 HiomMtkA Wrm liiHNa?aHyVTi 3CPJMt.rn in- . . Man l.i -- 4'uy-V'VL -VU?C.f , VN. 14PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYt c.FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2, 122i-i - -ft". X. '--KfTHE BOURBON NEWS- PrtaUitfed 18 P 141 Tears of Continnous PublicationMbliihed Every Tuesday and FridayPer Tear $2.Q0 6 Months $1.00h Payable Cash in Advance.PWST CHAMP, Editor and Owner.tii-ed at the Paris, Kentucky,Postome as Mail Matter of theSecond Claw.)'(gfr fokeigk representatives. XITew Tork American Press, Association. ;CMcago--Lord 6 Thomas.Philadelphia !f . W. Ayers & Son.-Atlanta Massengale Adv. Agency'Ciafcinnati Blaine Thompson Co' 'Louisville Lowman-Mullican Co.ADVERTISING RATESv :Display Advertisements, ?1.00 pertnch for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Netices,, 10 cents per linefrach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.rs Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions andimllar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The xight of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement . orether matter for publication.-Announcements for political officessnust invariably be accompanied bythe cash...Any erroneous reflection upon the(character, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation.which may appear in the columnsof THE BOURBON NEWS will befladly corrected if brought to theattention of the editor.EDITORIAL FUNGSWhat has become of the old-fashionedParis man who used to weara nacktie with a red rose paintedqn. it?The reason why some Paris mendo not speak to their wives ofteneris that they do not like to interrupt them.'The Paris boy who tries to slipthrough life in the easiest waywonders why it is that he hits onlythe rough spots..Here's a splendid beauty secret fora whole bunch of Paris people wehappen to know keeping your noseout of other people's business prevents it from getting flattened.The merchant who charges too'much for the goods he sells is not"the only profiteer. A worse one isthe man who accepts the good thatlife brings without any effort to letthe other men share in it.There was a man who fancied -"By driving good and fast , -He would -get his carA.cross the track 6Before the train got past.He wo.uld miss the engine by aninch,He would make the train crew sore,There was a man who fancied this!He isn't any morevThere is nb glory in this shortlif quite equal to that "which comesrto .the heart that has suffered with"the sufferings- of others, and caughtIts music and its iaughter out of therainbows that shine above the tearsof human sympathy.As to talking ' Pultarch said:-'The talkative listen to none forthey are ever speaking. And the-first evil that' attends those wholenow not how to be silent is thatthey fcear nothing." And anotherwise man in some stage "of the.world's history has said: ''Thosewho '.have little business to attend-to are great talkers. The less menthink the more they talk.' Andanother has said: "Great talkersare JLike leaky vessels, everythingruns out of them.", wThis is a Paris housekeepers'plaint, after spending the day making preparations for entertaining""company" the day following:"'I have stood all day2By -the kitchen range -Making preserves and jamI feel as .cross as a dog"With the mangeAnd nobody cares a d m.?They were talking about things.in general, as a bunch. of men (anda few women) will occasionally do.They talked about almost everything from peanuts to politics, andfinally came around to" the subjectof. flogs. The conversation took onseveral degrees of interestedness.Finally, one of the dog-lovers summed up all there is of wisdom concerning dogs, when he said, solemnlike: "Well, men, the fellow thatdoesn't like dogs is like an autohaf-'Tias been -put in the shop -forrepairs he hasn't been put tpgeth-'We-1.4-, 1;.D'ft MM) THE TIMEI Tom Davis, of the firm of Davis &When These Things Happened In son, undertakers and furnitureParis, As Told in THE dealers, died last Thursday night,NEWS' Files? (after a brief illness.Mrs. McChesney is doing theDATS 0? AXTLD LANG SYNE double-leaded pencil flourishing one. (the Citizen, in absence of her hus-There's- no denying that to most band. She speaks of tumbling theof us there is a certain satisfaction type out of his- drawers and approin reviewing the .events of long ago, priatingthe same former own useas they are presented to us, either ' to fill ' them with needles, pins,casually or by force of some remin-, thimbles, &c.iscent strain of the moment. And- Frank Champ sold last week, 45to those who lived here in the long'pigs weighing from 15 to 30 pounds,ago the recalling of events in the to Foster, 'the Millersburg miller,old days of Paris affords a peculiar for 30 cents each. They were of thesatisfaction all its own. They, per-jthin and hungry species, of vhogshaps, mtfre than we. who Tiave which could turn andgo side-waysgrown used to the old "place, will through a crack like a butcher'sappreciate these items, taken at knife, and could destroy $50 worthrandom from a copy of THE BOUR-,BON NEWS of Friday, April 14,4882:Johnnie Martin, a popular con- . session :ductor on the K. C. road, has asso-1 John Henderson, unlawful shootciated himself with Mr. King, of inZ $10-Dan Roche' tippling house,Maysville, in the grocery business'?60' Jake Schwartz, selling liquorTheir grocery is located on the cor- to minors, $60; Dennis Winn, murnear near the depot. Conductor der continued and bailed for $500.Martin will still remain at his post Mrs- Ma& Moreland, accessory, bail-on the road.Richmond .and McElreths Dramatic Company gave their first of aseries of" entertainment in the OddFellows Hall on Monday night, to adelighted audience. The play introduced was Hazel Kirke, which created sohnuch excitement in the musical, circles in the large cities lastseason.There are but 65 horses in theUnion that have trotted in betterthan 2:20.- Thirty-four of them aregelding, twenty mares, and elevenstallions. Six of the eleven stallionsand eight of the twenty mares werebred in Kentucky one of the maresbeing "Croxie," formerly a Millersburg-mare, and the property ofFrank Champ.We do not approve of the egotistical style of Kentucky journalistsgenerally, m publishing compliments, but we cannot very well refrain from remarking that a Georgia lady (Mrs. W. G. Monk) ,. writesto her brother in-law, that she readsTHE BOURBON-NEWS 'mid smilesand tears, and that she truly realizes the poet's dream of enchantment.It is not necessary to remark thatshe has resolved to never let hersubscription expire.The Saturday night freight trainon the K. C. R. R. has been abandoned and the train now leavesCovington on Sunday night. Thecause of the change is that the trainruns through to Mt. Sterling anddoes not arrive there .until nearlynoon and it would be running toomuch on Sunday to run through.Ben Huffman, a well-known blacksmith, of Centerville, eloped withMiss Sallie Current, a daughter . ofThos. Current, and passed throughthis place and went to Aberdeenlast week. The young lady was tohave been married to James L.Pearson, a young lawyer, from Rut-lege' Tenn- and she left him in theparlor when she eloped. The oldfolks were much incensed at the action of their daughter.The severe drouth has injuredmany trees, as shown by the premature decay and falling of the leaves.Roots near the surface -have beenliterally parched.Among other effects o'f the drouth,milk and butter liave rapidly increased in price. There is no pastureworth speaking of, and in almostall localities it has been difficult tofind enough water for stock.Having two hours to loaf in Covington last week, we put in the timewith our old Bourbon friends, TobeMitchell and Sam Dobbins, proprie-tors of the "Arlington House."(formerly the Clinton Hotel) onMadison street. These gentlemenhave a popular trade, and know exactly how to run.a hotel on firstclass principles without extortioning on "the public.- - --James Swain, T. P., which mean'fith tfiao.Hfir nf nonmina1iln wlw i.rn.t-M.,, uu naoborn and raised in this city, butwho has been absent several years,ib m dxienaance at tne fair and vis-iting his old friendsmi.. t.. j j. , .one at Sharpsburg, also got in itswork nobly Give us Baptist Asio-ciations. with a little liberty, andi,erf SS Wm beadded unto us.LJwT.L.THElRB??xc uuo, suuu ana cneap way to was made with enthusiasm in manybreak a drouth, is to have Baptist counties of thq Burley belt, it wasAssociations in every county where reported at headquarters, and offithe drouths exist. One at Berry's date of the association have noStation last week caused a good rain doubt that the total membershipstorm all along the line of railroad will be 75,000 before the date forfrom Covington to Lexington, and. the closine- of thp hnnir f. i,VooV- ""j, UUUC1 .which all of it could have been dis-" ! n 1 . r , I posed of to speculators, had the as-i-i ? k , -GL h,as.taken. c.Jar-6 association desired to market it thathis old freight tram again.- way. He declared, however, thatHarry James isvgomg to open a the officials of the association insaloon Dust above John Stoker's. tended to merchandise the crop, notThe grand jury has permitted to sell it to others who would make- tbyS return.rP1m fisflinS- !an additional profit before it go? toFather Barry will lecture Satur- the manufacturers, and that theTLnVnnnan f t0baCC UCeforthT,," ould set whatever profit might be. U) c o,iC 6U4US iVhave a regular old liquor election onT 5th . Ix ?' Fr' emmgton' Geo- Mr andJohn Northcutt are renresentine- ournA T7in i. t . .,,CrZ atLo"'sv"!e-Craddock has returned, home tofuss around a day or two, and will"Tnhean?: Ghd knWS f ,John Hanley has engaged himselfESSL. thiS0rn!;Te-York. -Dr.-Adair ill. H,hli rertdence'here' at public sale Qn Saturday,and will make 'his permanent home1 in Mt. Sterling. --of corn per day.The following cases have beendisposed of by Circuit Court now ined for $3,000; Frank Fields, vagrancy, "sold for six months; , Casesagainst Tom Bashford, concealedweapons, Jas. Batterton, liquor tominors, Jake Schwartz, same, DanRoche, same. Frank O'Brien, .twocases, continued.The grand jury indicted the distilleries of G. G. White, Sam Clayand Ford & Bowen, for running slopinto the' creek. It also found tenother indictments, for various misdemeanors. It's work was small.Anybody desiring to exchange afirst-class reversible overcoat for agood linen duster, can be accommodated, J)y calling at this office. NowJohn Hite, of the Kentuckian, willbe mad.Of Interest to Paris Readers.For months Paris citizens haveseen in these columns enthusiasticpraise oJl Doan's Kidney Pills byParis residents. Would these prominent people recommend a remedythat had not proven reliable?Would they confirm their statements after years had elapsed ifpersonal experience had not shownthe remedy to be worthy of endorsement? The following statementshould carry conviction to the mindof every Paris reader.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with good results. I had a dull aching across thesmall of my back and my kidneysacted irregularly. The use ofDoan's Kidney Pills rid me of thesecomplaints and I have faith enoughin them that should I ever need akidney remedy again I would certainly use Doan's Kidney Pills."Mrs. Mastin gave the above statement November 9, 1916, and on November 13, 1920, she added: "I stillhave the same good opinion -ofDoan's Kidney Pills as when I endorsed them before. I use them occasionally when I require a kidneytonic and they never fail to do megood'Price. 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Mastin had. Foster-Mil-T)urnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y1 1 Kr vrwDruc atitvpti nrn -dtttjo-:i,uu .wju.utxju.uj uxrxixr iv JUALET POOLProbably 1,500 naw memberswere added by the Burley TobaccoGrowers' Co-operative Associationthe past week, 1,050 contracts having been received at the offices ofit - .ui -.. . ...uie neia service aivision ana manyof the workers not having sent intheir contracts. The start for thegoal of 5,000 new members beforethe- close of the books, November .6,yearDirector Reuben F. Offutt spoketo a large crowd of growers at DryRge, Grant county, Saturday, tell-ing them of the -progress of &e astobacco So.d, and o the ease Wutmaae out o their crops by theirseliing organization.J' Sherman Porter, editor of theBurley Tobacco Grower returnedt.- ...t1. , ' , ,reiurnedi"um "tuiaua, wuere ne aaaressed a:large crowd of Harrison countgrowers at Mauckport, Friday nightHe said that many growers to Harson bad si thefweeknJhat workers there were seeing everysatisfaetorruirClh if rtnltr Vi 'U-CoW be turned into kniocfa. "" -CORROBORATIONAMOVED uwout miuflilluLSundaySchoolf Lesson T(By REV. P. B. FITZWATBR, D. p..Teacher of English Bible In the MoodyBible Institute 'of7 Chicago.)Copyright, 1822, Wtern. Nwptpr Ualom.LESSON FOR OCTOBER 22- JESUS TEMPTEDLESSON TEXT Luke 4:1-13.GOLDEN TEXT For In that ,He Himself hath suffered being tempted, He 1ftable to succor them that are tempted.-Heb. 2:18.REFERENCE MATERTAL-Phll. 2:5-11;Heb. 2:14-18; 4:14-16.PRIMARY TOPIC Jesus OvercomesTemptation.JUNIOR TOPIC Jesus Tempted to DoWrong.INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOPICOvercoming Temptation.YOUNG PEOPLE AND ADULT TOPICWhat Christ's "Victory Means to Us.I. The Place of (v. 1.).The wilderness of Judea. The firstman, Adam, was tempted in a gardenwith the most pleasant surroundings.The second man, Jesus Christ, wastempted in a barren wilderness sur-rounded by wild beasts (Mark 1:13) TII. The Purpose of (v. 1). He wasled into a wilderness by the Spirit.Christ's temptation was Messianic.Though He was "tempted in alLpointslike as we are," we are not temptedas He was in this instance, but thesame methods are employed on us.During the eighteen years ,pf retirement Satan surely tempted Christ ashe tempts us. Satan, no doubt, wouldhave gladly escaped this hour, but thetime had come for the Redeemer toenter upon His mediatorial work;tlrei-efore He went from the place ofanoii.ting and heavenly recognition asthe Son of 'God to meet and despoilthe arch enemy (Heb. 2:4).1. It was not a preparation for Hiswork, but rather its first conflict. Inbaptism we have the symbolic aGt ofdedication of himself to the work ofredemption through the cross themaking full a righteousness. In thetemptation, the strong man is spoiling the enemy.2. It was not to see if Christ wouldstand fast would fail under the mostcrucial test. Christ could not fail.To so postulate would make God'sscheme of redemption to have beenunsettled until after this temptation,and would have made God guilty ofsetting forth a scheme of redemptionon the basis of a possible overthrow.3. It was to show Christ as an object upon which we may rest our faithwith unshaken confidence. He cameas the second Man, the head of a newrace, its very source and life. It wasa demonstration of the Inseparableness of the divine and human naturesin the incarnation.III. The Method of (vv. 2-12).Christ as .the world's Redeemersustained a threefold relation Son ofMan ; Son of God ; and Messiah, therefore Satan made each one a ground ofattack.1. As Son of Man (vv. 2-4). Satanmade his first assault upon Him asa man by appealing to the instinct ofhunger. Satan urged Him to use Hisdivine power and convert a stone into bread. Hunger is natural and sinless. The temptation was in satisfying a right hunger in a wrong way.To have yielded in tkis case would,-have'been to renounce the human limitations which He had taken for oursakes. To use divine power to satisfyhuman needs would have been to fallas Saviour and Redeemer.2. As Messiah (vv. 5-8). Here thetemptation was to 'grasp His rightful dominion by false means. Thedevil offered to surrender unto Himthe world if' He would -'worship him.The force lof this temptation was inthe fact that the kingdoms of theworld are Christ's by God's covenantwith Him. God's method by "whichJesus was to 'possess 'the lwofTuv wasthe cross. The temptation Satan ispressing upon the church today is toget possession of the world by othermeans than the cross.3. As Son of God (vv. 9-12). HereSatan tries to induce Christ to presume upon God's care. He quotes aMessianic Psalm to induce Him to soact. To do the spectacular thing inorder to get notice is to fall into Satan's temptation. T?or Jesus to haveplaced himself in danger in order toget God's special help in deliveringHim would le been to sin. To putone'-arself in moral and spiritual peril111 order to test Gpd'S faithfulness isto sin. Satan is never quite- so dan-erous as when he quotes Scripture.IV. Christ's Defense (vv. 4, 8, 12).It was the Word of God. He metand repulsed the enemy with "It iswritten." jDur defense is God's Word.May every Sunday school teacherknow how to use it!V. The Issue (v. 13).Satan is anqllished. If we will buttrust God and use His Word we toocan oercoine.Superior and Inferior.You may fail to shine in .the""bpinlonof, others, both in your comersationand actions, from being superior, aswell as inferior to them. Greville.'Faith.Now faith is the substance of thingsto be hoped for, thejeviaence of thingsthat appear not Hebrews 2:1.Th Lord's Day.Ye shall keep my Sabbaths andrer-erenee my -sanctuary; I am the Lord.vltlcu,:)."?five gpgpiy, 5 TESIn, a fiddlers' 'contest, at "Glasgow,Ky., two sons of William CrawfordTurner, of Emberton, were contestants, both blind. Of five childrenborn to Mr. and .Mrs. Turner, twowere born blin,d, one with only oneeye and two wit;h -normal eyes,making five eyps fo five children.All have shown extraordinary talents. Administrator's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of Richard Strother, deceased, 'are hereby requested to present same, pronerly'proven, as required by Jaw'to the undersignedAdministrator, for adjustment andpayment.All persons knowing themselvesindebted in any way to the estate ofthe said Richard Strother, arehereby notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and make fulland prompt settlement of such indebtedness. NEWTON STROTHER,Administrator of Richard Strother.(10-lmo)INTERDRBAN TIMETABLEParis toLexington7:05 a. m.8:05 a. m.9:05 a. m.10:05 a. m.11:05 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:05 p. m.2:05 p. m.3:05 a. m.4:05 p. m.5:05 p. m.6:05 p. m.7:05 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. hiLexingionTo Pari!- 6:00 a. m.7:00 a. m.8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m.10:00 a. m.11:00 a. m.12:00 m.1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.3:00 p. m.4:0D p. m5:00 p. b.6:00 p. m!7:00 p. m.9:10 p. m.ll:55 -p. m.11:00 p. m.Cash Fare. 60c; Ticket Fare, 54c.Commutation 52 trip monthly book,$12.00. Tickets, single trip, or inquantities, date unlimited, sold between all points at reduced rates.KENTUCKY TEACTI0N & TERMINAL GO.(dec6-tf)CAMAL BROS.BARBEB SHOP4 WHITE BARBEBS-4Modem Equipment.Expert and Polite ServiceHOT AND COLD BATHS-P-utolioof a Desirable Residence at 1455 SouthHigh Street, Paris, KentuckySaturday, Oct. 28, 1922At 10:30 A. M.,.,-5This house has 10 large rooms, 5 rooms, 2-pantrys and complete bathdown stairs, 5 rooms and complete bath up stairs, plenty of presses,front and back porch, Ik stairways, floored attic and concrete cellar,wide hall extending full length of house, both up and down. In firstclass condition inside and out; gas and electricity in each room;double garage, lot 50x150. An ideal location for rooming orboarding house. Is now rented to good tenants.Terms, 10 per cent, day of sale, one-half cash when deed is made,which will be on or before the 4th day of November. Remainder inone and two years, at six per cent.C. N.108 Walnut(17-20 24-27)MiM'!: lit Hnril ! 4 "HS-ITIA, f-l ---! Ipih-ssI ElectricalElectric Washing Machines, Irons, Toasters,Broilers, Chafing Dishes, Electroliers, AllKinds of Bulbs, Etc.Gas HeatersAll Sizes and Prices. Gas Logs and Grates-That are Very Practical and Ornamental.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREETWANTEDFurnished apartment of two orthree rooms, with bath, close InRefined couple, without children.CallC. L. CHASE,at Shire & Fithian's Store.(octl7-20)Plant lis FallFruit and 5hd t TreesBjtomtng ShrubsSmall FruitsGratVliMstrgrtiisParannialsIn fact, everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden. Our illustratedcatalog this year, is the most complete nursery book ever issued inthe South. It is free for the asking.H. F. Hillenmeycr & SonsBLUE GRASS NT7BSEBIES,Lexington, Kentucky.BRIGHTER.EVENINGSJust HistoryIn 7B 5?The Colonial BameSpun her clothBy Candle flame; "In 1860In Crinoline bright,She greeted her guestsBy Coal Oil light ' ''And later on,How time does passHer home was litBy flickering Gas..But the girl of to-dayWho wants her home bright,Just presses a buttonAnd has Electric light.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)on the Premises1MARTIN, Owner,Street, Lexington, Ky.I4 - - M'1"I -gK4M-If 12 -J" .:- VAIIIUd OlNovelties?iOPP. COURT HOUSESaleIIIIMIMM II IIIIIIIIIIIMI I MUr. --T , tr ...tvSk "WSrff .',,-r 5&5-rOsV: jsr. ' -i. -- -- - ' "rr 1 ' ri -m- ir 1 t'n;jV" t? . --rir.s,.-s-t" M.-i "2.gr- 4 -t -?fc1-i.'TL "i-1'. --MJ.. -t.&srfV2- WggjP4& QSQber ftilft?2.THE BOURBON NES, PARIS, - KBNTUGKT-v.mitrm iiujmm3U-7-rAUD Ann-Ir4 million menhave turned toOne ElevenCigarettesa rw verdict forsuperior quality.,'te-."Onejleyer15 . 10o111cigarettesThiu' JrnvvLCct oGJhaje&rPEOCLAMATION BY STATEHEALTH BOARDActing under the responsibilityand authority imposed upon it bylaw, the State Board of Health ofKentucky hereby calls the attentionof the fathers and mothers andschool authorities in the State tothe existence of diphtheria in epidemic form in many sections of theState. Repeated warnings that thiswould occur have not been heeded.Parents are urged to promptly isolate all children with sore throatsuntil seen by their family physician; teachersare requested to sendhome from school all children having sore throats, with a note to theparents urging that they be immediately seen by their family physician; physicians are requested tohave on hand an adequate supply ofantitoxin and to administer at least10,000 units to each case seen assoon as possible. Antitoxin may besecured at reduced wholesale pricesfrom this Board or from depots established in each county in thePARDON GRANTED PROP. THRELKELDProf. T. B. Threlkeld, of Nicholasville, sentenced to life imprisonment in 1921 for the murder of Arthur Denman. has been pardoned byGovernor Edwin P. Morrow. He was75 years old at the time of his conviction. - -Petition for the pardon was signed by more than 2,000 persons, thegovernor said, including ministers,court officials, farmers and at least500 women.Professor Threlkeld killed Denman following an altercation in thelatter's store "in Nicholasville. Hisson, Logan, Was engaged in a controversy with Denman's brother, according to evidence introduced atthe trial when Professor Threlkeldentered. It was alleged that thebrothers advanced on ProfessorThrelkeld, who. at time of the murder, was head of a school for boys,in which his son was an instructor.The argument is said to have arisenlover the purchase of tickets to aState. County Boards of Health are foot ball ame Denman died seVeralreauested to arrange for an adequate supply of antitoxin for usewith the indigent at the expense ofeach county.Parents with children are urgedto confer with their family physicians and have their children tested,and if necessary, immunized againstdipththeria so as to avoid this danger. There were 652 children whodied in 1921 with this disease.These deaths were wholly unnecessary and ought not to have occurred and would not if proper attention had been paid to the cases. Thelaw requires that no child be released from quarantine until itsthroat has been found free fromgerms by a recognized .laboratory.Most of these deaths were due toviolation of this law and the courtsof the State are requested to enforceit.Given under our hands and theseal of the Board at Louisville this.12th day, of October, 1922.L. S. McMURTRY, President.A. T. McCORMACK, Secretary.days after the shooting at a Lexington hospital.At the first trial of the case thejury was unable to agree. At thesecond trial Professor Threlkeld wassentenced fo life imprisonment.I O ;POPULLARITY CONTEST AT KEN. TUCKY UNIVERSITYDYE BLOUSE ORBABY'S COAT INDIAMOND DYESThe contest to determine the sixmost popular girls at the UniversityI of Kentucky will take place Monday,October 23, from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m.A ballot box will be placed in thehall of the main building andblanks will be provided for eachstudent who wishes to vote.This election is always one of themost interesting features of the autumn semester, the various women'sfraternities displaying great rivalryin getting in their representatives.The young women who are electedare featured in the Vanity Fairphotograph section of The Kentuckian each year.. ,jRHEUMATISMMrs. Clyde Keller is convalescent after a two-weeks' illness.Gilland Neal, of Spencer county, is visiting friends and relativesin this city and county.Miss Lena Whaley has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Miss Hettie Whaley, in Cincinnati.- Mrs. Cassius M.-Clay is spending the week in Louisville, as guestof her sister, Mrs. Samuel C. Stone.Miss Lucy Smith has returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling after avisit to Mr. and Mrs.' Kiser, in thiscity.James M. Russell has gone toJMartinsville, Indiana, for a ten-days' stay for the benefit of hishealth.Fred Weckesser, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, spent x severaldays -in Paris this week at guest offriends.Walter Kenney, Jr., - of theKenney Motor Co., has returnedfrom a business trip to Connersville,Indiana.Mrs. Walter Clark is visitingher daughter Mrs. 'R. Philip Farrington, and Mr. Farrington, inPhiladelphia.Mrs. John Tarr has returned toTampa, Florida, where she willspend the winter with her son, Russell Tarr, and family.. Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Redmon andfamily have returned to their homein Mt. Sterling, after a visit' to Mr.and Mrs. James Shea, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. George K. Redmon have as guests at their home onCypress street-Mrs. Milton Thompson and Mrs. Harriet Pitchford, ofIrvine.Clyde Keller, formerly of Paris,now in the clerical department ofthe Chesapeake & Ohio, road, atAshland, was- a guest this week ofrelatives in this city.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot has returned to her home in Russellville,Ky., after a visit to her sister. Mrs.William Remington, and Mr. Remington, on Eighth street.' Mr. and Mrs. Hockaday Scrivener have, returned to their home inthis" oity from a visit to the former's parents, Judge and Mrs. H. B.Scrivener, in Winchester.Dr. Raymond McMillan andGeneral Agent W. V. Shaw, of theL. & N., left Wednesday for an extended hunting and camping tripnear Lake Village, Arkansas.Mrs. Frank Keyser has returned to her home in Sedalia, Mo., aftera visit to her brother, Waller Dalby,and Mrs. Dalby, at their home, corner t)f Main and Twelfth streets.Miss Frences Dudley and Wm,K. Dudley, Jr.. of near Paris, attended the party given by MasterSheldon Vance, at the home of hisparents, Dr. and Mrs. C. A. Vance,in Lexington. sMr. and Mrs. Thornwell Tablock motored to Richmond, Ky.. yesterday to attend the all-day meetingof the Presbyterian church. Fromthere they will go to Cinncinnatifor a visit to friends.Mrs. Harry H. Hancock, ofParis, Recording Secretary of theState U. D. C, attended the Statemeeting of that organization, at theS eelbach Hotel, in Louisville, Wednesday and yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. Fred P. Jones, ofLexington, and Mr. and Mrs. JohnH. Pattrick, of Cynthiana, have returned to their homes after a visitto Rev. - and Mrs. F. B. Jones, attheir home on Pleasant street.Mrs. Carroll Teller, of Louisville, is a guest at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price.Mr. Teller, who accompanied her,went on to Chicago, where hewill locate in business.elusion of her visit here Mrs. Tellerwill go to Chicago.. Mr. and Mrs. W. E. PattonP. H. S. COMMERCIAL COURSEVERY POPULARThe Commercial Department ofthe Paris High School continues to'grow. Miss Elizabeth Rule, a trrad-fuate of last June, entered the Com-mencal Department Monday, October 16, for a complete course inshorthand, bookkeeping and "typewriting. I One new Underwood Typewriterwas added last week and anotherwill be put in this week, makingtwelve typewriters in that department. Miss Ernestine Fields, thenew teacher in this department hasa Bachelor of Commerce Degree.She is one of the best-trained commercial teachers in Kentucky andthere is no business college offeringany better course in this work thanthe Paris City School.Misses Anna May Young andKatherine Wallingford, two of the'High School's best graduates of lastyear, are taking the commercialcourse here at home.Miss Elmeta Hinton, a graduateof Kentucky College of Women, atDanville, Miss Vernita Baldwin, ofRandolph-Macon, Lynchburg, Virginia, are other Paris .young ladiestaking the commercial work in theParis Schools, nThe attention of all Paris peopleis called to the work of this depart-ment. We want you to feel that weare ready and able to take care ofyour children without any expenseto you. We want you to know thatit is not necessary to send yourchildren away from home to. getcommercial training. Some of thebest commercial positions in Parisare held by our- graduates. MissLouise Keal, stenographer for theBourbon Agricultural Bank & TrustCo.; Miss Katherine Wills, sTenographer for the J. Simms Wilson Co.;Reed Bishop, bookkeeper for the L.& N.-R. R.; Miss Ruby Elder, bookkeeper and stenographer for Dr.Petree; Robert Meglone for thePower Grocery Co. and a large number of others could be named whohave had their commercial trainingin the Paris High School.We have more calls for commercial-trainedstudents than we canfill. We especially want youngmen and women who are ambitiousto come to the Paris City School andstudy. We will help you to get agood business preparation and thenwe help you to get a position. Youdo not need to have money if youlive in the city of Paris for thiswork is perfectly free for you at thePrfris .City School. ' We shall welcome you any time you come.oJUST A LITTLE TRADE-AT-HOMEPHILOSOPHYCOAL! COAL!A Coal Yard has been opened at Eighth and HighStreets. We can supply your wants on short notice:See us before making contracts. Rears onable prices.Lily Gem Coal Go.C. W. RUSSELL, ManagerStuart JSc O'Brien's Old Yard -Cumberland Phone 1246-The people of Paris, like those ofpractically every -other community,have this question placed beforethem: Shall we buy all the stuff wepossibly can of our home merchants,or shall we purchase a lot of it inother places and of stores in disant cities?In these times goods cost high,and -everyone desires to conserve hisresources. But' in their anxiety tosave moneyT people should notcherish illusions, and should remember that many things that seem attractive at first sight do not proveso on closer scrutiny.Well-advertised stores in largecities and elsewhere draw trade along distance. People are inducedthereby to go on more or less distant shopping trips to such places.They pay railroad fare, or burn upgasoline and inflict wear and tearon their automobile tires and ma-"Diamond Dyes" add years ofwear to worn, faded skirts, waists,coats, stockings, sweaters, coverings, hangings, draperies, everything. Every package contains directions so simple any woman canput new, rich, fadeless colors intoher worn garments v or draperieseven if she has never dyed before.Just buy Diamond Dyes no otherkind then your material will comeout right, because Diamond Dyesare guaranteed not to streak, spot.fade or run. Tell your druggistwhether the material you wish todye is wool or silk, or whether it islinen cotton or mixed goods.(adv-ADDING MACHINE BOLLS CHEAPWe have in stock for the conven-Do you know that rheumatismcan be cured so that you can beyour own good self again?It has been done not only once,but in almost every case by nature'sgreat Remedy, Radio-Act ive Miwogco Mineral Water Baths at ourSanitarium.Moderate Rates. Write for literature. MIWOGCO MINERAL SPRINGS,(10-tf) Milan, Ind.PRESIDENT BUYS OLD HOMESTEADThat President Harding expectsto return to the scene of his birthand boyhood days on his retirementfrom the White House, became aprobability when French Crowe,postmaster at Marion, Ohio, and personal friend of the President, acting in behalf of the Chief Executive, purchased the old Hardinghomestead in North BloomfieldTownship, Morrow county, Ohio.chinery. They are likely to haveseveral meals en route, and frequently stay over night and payAt the con-! hotel and garage bills.All the food they buy costs morethan it does on their home tables.They pay car rides, tips, -frequentlyhave returned from Mullins. South taxi fares, and the often induced toCarolina, where Mr. Patton has been spend money in ways they had notbuying tobacco for a leading East- jtpianned for and regret afterward,ern concern. En route home they j Their time, has value. If theystopped over for a visit to relatives tihad bought the same articles at ain Durham, North Carolina, and Paris store, it would have taken butat Richmond, Virginia. nttle of their time. These tripsMr. and. Mrs. Frank Bedford consume many spare hours, whichand two sons, of Los Angeles, ' could have been used to direct adCali., are guests of relatives and! vantage in their homes. Shoppingfriends in Paris and the county. Mr. trips of this kind are apt to beBedford sold his farm near Eliza-! wearisome and by no means a pleasbeth, in the county, several years Ure excursion.ago and moved to California, where When all these incidental costshe has been successful in business, j have been considered, the purchaseMr. -and Mrs. John Kiser wereade from some distant store cornhosts with a dinner at their home'monly costs more than the one madeon Walker avenue, the hospitality at home or nearer home,even allowdncluding Mrs. Calla Bowen Keller, ing the supposition that the priceand Mr. and Mrs. Irvine S. Keller 'for the article was less than theand children, of Chicago; Mr. and ! home store figure. And in the maMrs. William Myall, Mr. and Mrs. jority of cases it will be found thatRobert Lee Frank, Miss Halliejtthe same article could be had atIf we had the right kind- of eyeSience of users of adding machine, a our town would look better to usbig stock of paper rolls. Th'eae rolls than any other place.are made of the best bond paper and r- oare absolutely free from lint. Tou It seems too bad that jill the bigcam buy from one to' a case. Let us strike come on just wtien ttfe stuhart a trial order. I dents in political economy wereFrank, Robert Lee Frank, Jr.Mrs. Lena Preston Taylor,Misses Tillie Larue and Corilla Eberhardt will be hostess' to themembers of Jemima. Johnson Chapter, D. A. R., at their home nearShawhan, to-morrow afternoon, Saturday, October 21, at 2:30 o'clock.Rev. Dr. F. W. Eberhardt, pastor" ofthe Georgetown Baptist church, willdeliver a patriotic address on thisoccasion.Mr. and Mrs. George K. Redmon and Miss Imogene Redmon, ofParis, were guests of honor at acharming afternoon tea given byMiss Elizabeth Ratliff, sister of Mrs.Redmon, at .the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Caleb Ratliff in Irvine.The home was tastily decorated withferns and autumn flowers. Duringthe afternoon near two hundredguests called. Delightful' refreshments were served.home for the same money or perhapsless.USEES OF ADDING MACHINESFor your convenience we are nowcarrying a stock of the best addingmachine rolls and can supply youwith one or a dozen at a time. ThisIs a fine linen bond paper and absolutely lintless.THE BOURBON NEWS,Money back without questionif HUNT'S GUARANTEEDI SKIN DISEASE REMEDIES1 (Hunt's SH. v e and Soap), fail inthe treatment of Itcb Eczema,Rinewonn.Tetteror other itch-ina.8kln diseases. ry amtreatswnt at out riaki -VAXDUT A90H,Be independent!The way to become independent is to save a PART ofthe money you earn and deposit it REGULARLY in thebank. Saving money will encourage you to work harder.Industry insures promotion and higher pay. While you aresaving your money and when you go into business you willneed a bank and we inviteyou to come in and see us.We will welcome your account.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompanyPlace Your Orders Early ForFall Planting!Choice Ornamental TreesShrubs, Roses, Vines, Fruitand PerennialsBourbon NurseriesLEVY The Dry CleanerIS EQUIPPED TO DO THE RIGHT KINDOF DRY CLEANINGt M I ''0'M"M"I''M"I''I"I 'i"H"H"I"tGEORGE R. DAVISUNDERTAKERDistinctive ServiceBOTH TELEPHONESDay Night t1 37 399?nH1WWWHHMWHWIIIHlllHM?Change of the Season!Your plans and changes for the fall and winter will notbe completed without our service. . t -Residence rates from $1.50 to $2.00 per month.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.Incorpfcrt4H t?Jll-ft) TH OI?ltON NW. rW a vacation.J (Otfetr Persosair .sat !').-rf-XfcVV--' va-UPkm 4E ??;4 -n.W-JS"-f-ASg- A-VH.3P" --VTHE BiMTRBQ3ST NEWS? PARJS7 KENTUCKYFRIDAY-, OCTOBER J0,m3" . PXGE fourLODGE NOTESV: GO 09 THINGS COMING TO LOCALMOVIE HOUSES'Special double program at tliew. xsif,r TioPTPA -was con- Aiamn "Pririav. matinea ana ms""ferred at the. meeting of Bourbon Betty Compson will- be presented in .Lodge I.-0. O. F. Monday nignt. iier latest Goldwin proauuLiuu,' The Second Rank was conferred Ways tyre Woman." A stirringon several candidates at the regular drama of the desert sands, and desmeeting of Rathbone Lodge, ert love. It is a 98 per cent picture,Knights of Pythias, iast night. !and one you wil doubtless enjoy.--The following officers were Fred Stone, the eminent Westernelected at the closing session of the actor, will be seen in .one of hisGrand Lodge Masons, in 'Louisville: thrill pictures, "The Duke of CmmB E Nelson, Williamsburg, Grand ney Butte," a real Western story,Master; A. B. Orton, Dawson with plenty of punch and realism.Springs, Deputy XJrand Mastery H. You'll like this one..M Grundy, Springfield, Grand Sen- j Saturday at the Alamo, botb matior Warden- G. Allison Holland, inee and night, Tom Mix will appearLWmgtoir, Grand Junior Warden; in "Sky High,." a William Fox proTohn H Leathers, Louisville, Grand duction, and a thrilling story of tneTrpssnrpr- Fred W. Hardwick, Lou- Grand CanyonTHE LYCEUM COURSEisville, Grand Secretary.Mr. Holland, who is Chairman ofthe Million Dollar Committee incharge of the campaign to financethe new Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home, will become GrandMaster in three years.oTUBERCULIN TEST APPLIED TOCOWSthisMix!According to Dr. E- M. Stemmler,Federal veterinary surgeon, who isstationed in Lexington, and who hasactive supervision of the work, 'approximately seventy-five per cent, ofthe dairy cows of rthis vicinity haveJbeen given the tuberculin test.Dr. .Stemmler says that in Bourbon county the tuberculin test hasbeen made compulsory, and that theBourbon county Veterinarians, are atwork making a thorough test ofdairy cattle. During the past weekhe was called to Bourbon and madea number of tests here by way of assisting the farmers of the countywho supply the Lexington marketwith milk properly tested.country. InIniotiirn Tnm Mix OUt-mlxesNever before did Mix ever performsuch daring feats. It's a real thriller. If you miss it you'll he sorry.Al St. John will aemonsuttLe macleverness as a comedian in his newFox Sunshine comedy, "StraightFrom the Farm." A Pathe NewsWeekly will conclude the programMonday Raymond Hitchcock,popular favorite of the stage, comesto the Alamo and Grand in "TheBeauty Shop." a Paramount Cosmopolitan "production, full of ginger,beauty, pep and the thing thatimakes the world go round, love.Harry Myers in "Robinson Crusoe," episode No. 6, will be more interesting than any of the previousepisodes, and then, too, there is thePathe Review, which is both educational and entertaining. It is awell-balanced program and shouldplease the most exacting person.oCOATS COATSCOATS FORtheTLEADER.STYLISH STOUT COATS UP TOSIZE 53 AT THE LEADER.BANKRUPT'S -Auction Saleof Complete Stock ofGarage EquipmentAND AUTOMOBILE ACCESSORIESAND SUPPLIESSaturday, October 21st, 1922Pursuant to an order of sale of the Referee in Bankruptcy of theUnited States Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky, I will exposeat public auction in lots and parcels to the highest and best bidder, beginning at 2 o'clock p. m., the entire stock and fixtures of VernardOwens. The auction will be held at the garage formerly occupied by thebankrupt located at Second and Main Streets, Paris, Kentucky. Thestock consists of all kinds of automobile accessories and supplies, 1,250gallon gasoline tank and pump, 1 Shaeler air compressor and motor,tires, tubes, chains and everything included in the stock of an up-to-dategarage.NI will also offer for sale as same time and place all fixtures used inthe business, including show-cases, work "benches, chairs, 1 typewriter.1 check protector and numerous, other articles. Also 1 used 1917 ModelOakland automobile and 1 used Model 35 Studebaker automobile and alluncollected accounts due the bankrupt, a list of which may be obtainedat any time before the sale from the Trustee at his office in the FirstNational Bank building.Every owner of an automobile should attend this sale, which is onSaturday, October 21, at 2 o'clock p. m. This date was selected especially to give the country people an opportunity to attend in order thatthey might purchase automobile supplies at a bargain.- 1 .-i W.iRAYMOND CONNELL, Trustee.THE BANK-OF SERVICE'FOR YOURsuccess ; .Consult this bank whenever you needexperienced advice or counsel on vBusiness venturesCreditsTradeconditionsShort term or " . 'Long time investmentsAny information we have is yours forthe asking without obligation.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co.Paris, - - Kentucky' CAPITAL $200,000.00, SURPLUS AND UNDIVIDED PROFITS5165,000.10The second number in the ParisHigh School Lyceum Course will hegiven in the High School auditorium, on next Tuesday evening, October 24. This program, to De rendered by the Electra-Hunt ConcertCompany, is the first of an attractiveseries of musical numbers.The company is composed .of artists who have received the praiseof lyceum audiences everywhere fortheir skillful rendition of high-classmusic. Their program, consistingof music produced by the violin,cello, piano and voice, will be variedby appropriate readings. Every selection is carefully chosen and givenwith remarkable ability by artistswho are unexcelled in heir particular lines. The company promises tofurnish an entertainment that 'willwin the approval of the most critical audience. Do not miss the opportunity of hearing one of the bestcomedies onthe Lyceum course.oCOATS COATSBABE" OLD BOOKSWOMEN AT THERICHMOND TO HAVE KLUX. G. M. Ross has been in Richmond making preliminary arrangement for the organization of aKu Klux Klan. Mr. Ross is the organizer for Kentucky. He says hehas established chapters of the Klanin Ashland, Cynthiana, Carlisle,Paris, Danville, Frankfort. Falmouth, Nicholasville, Mt. Olivet,Shelbyville and Winchester. Heplans to establish chapters in Bereaand Irvine in the near future. Henamed -several towns in the Easternend of the State that have made applications for chapters.oBAINS BENEFIT CB0PSReports from all over the countyindicate that the recent rains havebeen general, and have been of greatbenefit to crops and pastures. Mostof the corn crop has been cut andmany farmers are through sowingtheir grain. The tobacco is said tobe curing up nicely in the barns.Farmers are generally well pleasedwith prospects for the fall.BOX SUPPEBThe pupils of the Fords NMillSchool, Miss Hedgina Taylor, teacher, will give a box supper in theschool building to-night, Friday October 20. The public is cordiallyinvited.oSPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYSVoters who were absent from thecity on October 3, 1922, betweenthe hours of 6:00 a. m. and 9:30 p.m., or were sick 'on that day canregister at the 'County Clerk's officein the court house on Monday, October 30, Tuesday, October 31, and"Wednesday. November 1.TAXPAYEBS NOTICETO AVOID EBB0BS AND MISUNDERSTANDINGS WE WILLNOT PAY TAXES EOB OUB CUSTOMEBS UNLESS SPECIALLY INSTRUCTED TO DO SO.FIBST NATIONAL BANK,FABMEBS & TBADEBS BANK.ANDVPEOPLES - DEPOSIT BANKTBUST CO.,B0UBB0N -AGRICULTURAL BANK& TBUST CO.oct 6-to dec 1)REAL ESTATE DEALSThe "firm of Harris, Speakes &Harris, sold publicly Wednesday forthe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Company, administrators forfor the estate of Thomas K. Bryan,five acres of land located near thecity limits, adjoining the farm ofEd. Burke, to Dr. D. S. Henry, for$571 an acre. The sale was well-advertisedin several issues of THEBOURBON NEWS.DON'T PUTTJ)FFOur line of Christmas Greetingcards 'is complete. You can makeyour selection now and not be disappointed. If you wait until laterthe one you want may be sold tmt.Come in, we will be glad to showthem. See window display.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT. o 'NEW SEED CROPSNEW. CROP MICHIGAN B0SENBYE, TIMOTHY SEED, ALSO OHIOSEED WHEAT(29-tf) mmT &x Ca' mC'IKTHSNear Centerville, Tuesdaymorning, to the wife of DennvjFrederickson, a daughter, their fifthunu, an gins.NEW SEED CBOPSNEW CBOPIOCHIGAN B0SENBYE -TIMOTHY SEED.cas-i BBENT ;cv inc. :Courtland Leer sometime ago inrummaging around among the effects of his father, the late CharlesCarroll Leer, found a copy of theautobiography of Barton W. Stone,and at once came to the conclusionthat he had the only copy in ' existence. Since then another copyhas sbeen found in the Public Library at Georgetown.And now still another copy of thesame work, printed in Cincinnati,by J. U. and U. B. James, in. 1846,has been found, this time in thepossession of Mr. Oscar Miller, ofParis. Mr. Miller brought the oldbook to THE NEWS office a fewdays ago, and also had with him acopy of "The History of Baptism,"written by Alexander Campbell, andpublished in Cincinnati, in 1851.Both these old books were the property of Mr. Miller's father, John A.Miller, of Millersburg, and bear hissignature on the fly leaf.The old books are clear and neatlyprinted, and are in a splendid stateof preservation. They ar printed inwhat was formerly called, "brevier"type, now known to the fraternityas "eight-point," and are fine examples of the printer's art of thatfime.oCITY TAXES DUE; PAY UP NOW!THE CITY TAX LISTS HAVEBEEN TUBNED OVEB TO ME FOBCOLLECTION. YOUB TAXES ABENOW DUE AND PAYABLE. CALLAND SETTLE SAME PBOMPTLYAT MY OFFICE AT THE PEOPLE'SDEPOSIT BANK & TBUST COMPANY. C. K. THOMAS,(13 tf Collector.oSPECIAL BEGISTBATION DAYS"Voters who were absent from thecity on October 3, 1922, between thehours of 6:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. m.,or were sick on that day can registerat the County Clerk's office in thecourt house on Monday, October 30,Tuesday, October 31, and Wednesday, November 1.oSALE OF EDIBLESThe Daughters of Wesley BibleClass of the Methodist church willhold a sale of edibles in the offices of'the Paris Realty Co., on Main street,on Wednesday, November 29, theday before Thanksgiving.oNEW HOUSE FOB SALENEW 7-R00M HOUSE COMPLETE, HAS BATH, "GAS, ELECTBIC LIGHTS, LOCATED ONN0BTH CLIFTON AVENUE.B0UBB0N LUMBEB CO.(nov25-tnA SURPRISE TO YOU!Please Compare These Prices With What YouHave Been Paying and Then Try Us and Bankthe Difference for Your ChristmasA FEW THINGS YOU CAN BUYFOR 5, 10 AND 15 CENTS1 pound good Coffee -. 25clean Sliced Peaches... ...-..: 25c2 cans Salmon 1..T ,25c1 No. 2 can Cherries v 25cOne-half gallon Syrup 25c1 peck Meal 25c12 cans Kraut : A 25c1 pound Baking Cocoa 25c1-pound bucket Peanut Butter 25c1 pound Dried Peaches 25c1 can Extra Sifted Peas " 25c3 large rolls Toilet Paper 25c1 No. 2 can Tomatoes 1 Oc1 can corn 1 Oc1 can Campbell's Soup 1 Oc1 can Hominy . '. 1 Oc1 can Peas - . -j 1 Oc1 can Lye w "....: 1 Oc,1 box Oats . . 1 Oclbox Jello .. ...... 10clean Pork and Beans .10c2 bars Clean Easy Soap 1 Oc1-pound box Rice . 1 0c1 bar Baker's Chocolates 1 Oclbox Lux 10c1 box Matches 5c1 box Sunbrite Cleanser 5c1 box Table Salt . 5c1 box Sardines in Tomato Sauce .v 5c1 can Deviled Ham 5C1 bar Octagon Soap 5c1 box Soda .-. 5c1 pound Dried Pinto Beans 5cPARIS BAKING CO.I. L. GLASS, ManagerPatronize Bourbon News Advertisers,JgFfo15 'VFE'i CJZ s feyVCStoves - StovesThe Malleable Steel RangeWith a 15 -gallon water tank that we areshowing inour Kitchen Department will morethan please and satisfy your requirements inyour kitchen. Let us demonstrate one of ourmany stoves to you.ALSO THE NEW PROCESSHEATERS AND COOKERSTHE HOME OF THERADIANT HOMECOAL HEATERThe Best Heater that is Known on the Market !Have Yours Put Up TO-DAY ' rTHE RADIANT HOMESTOVESGASLET US DEMONSTRATE THIS WONDERFULRADIANT HOME HEATER TO YOUA: R WHBMLMR & CO.CHAS. GKEMNE, ManagerUAiu;. A.-SV--J.-lX-iLFRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1922THE BOURBON NEWS, ' PARIS, KENTUCKYn Jj "w -ifrmt w mi i m! 'PAGE FITB- "GIFTS THAT LAST"ANNOUNCEMENTPERSONALSComings and Goings of Some YonKnow and Others YonDon't.MBS., ANNA SMITH. WHO HAS.fONDUCTED DBESS MAKING,CLASSES IN LEXINGTON, LOUISVULE AND OTHER CITIES TOR;THE PAST uujj, xiiAxs-D, wiiiiiOPEN A CLASS IN DRESS MAKtv& AT FRANK & CO.'S ON WEDNESDAY, OCT. . 25, AT 1:30 P.THOSE DESaiNG TO ENTEETHIS CLASS SHOTOD BE ENROLLED BY NOON MONDAY, OCTOBER,93 AT EBANK & CO.'S, AS THECLASS IS LIMITED. MRS. SMITHHAS HAD WIDE EXPERIENCE INTHE ART OF TEACHING DRESSMAKING, HAYING TAUGHT OVERTHE ENTIRE UNITED STATES.FOR FuitTHiiiiv UMuu,iu-a.iiuri,CALL OR SEEFRANK & CO.oFOQTBALL BY RADIOThe Kentucky football classic theCentre-College-Harvard contest, willlie played at Harvard to-morrow afternoon. Reports from the game-will be received in Paris by the localradiophones.BUSINESS CHANGES AThe nicest courtesy you canshow your guests is to havetheir visits nrention;ed in thispaper. The nicest courtesyyou can show your friends isto let them learn of your visitthrough this paper wheneveryou go away. We will consider it a courtesy wheneveryou give his an item of anykind. Telephone it to No.124.(Other Personals on Page 3)Edward H. Brannon has purchased the interest of his partner, JohnM. Stuart, in the Blue Grass Cafe,on Main street. Mr. Brannon willcontinue the business with the sameforce of assistants as heretofore. JMr. Stuart has not indicated whatline of business he will enter.SECOND NUMBER OF P. H. S. LYCEUM COURSETuesday evening, October 24, thesecond number of the City, SchoolLyceum Course will Te given in theauditorium by .the Electa-HuntConcert Co. This is one of the bestmusical companies in this year'sLvceum Course.THROWN FROM HORSEWhile riding around his placenear Spears Mill, Tuesday morning,George Hudnall was thrown fromhis horse when the animal stumbled. Mr. Hudnall received painfulcuts and bruises. He was removedto his home and his injuries givenmedical attention.o-PARIS MAN NAMEDThe daily papers have carried anitem under a Frankfort date linestating that Theodore Rosseau, ofParis, had been appointed a memberof the Henry Watterson MemorialCommittee byGov. Morrow. Mustbe Paris, France, as no one by thatname has been located'-here.COATS COATSNEW ARRIVALS DAILY INCOATS AT THE LEADER.TO WINTER IN CALIFORNIAInformation was received here tothe effect that Circuit Judge RobertLee Stout had rented a home inLower California, and that he andMrs. Stout would spend the remainder of the winter there for the benefit of Judge Stout's health. It isnot known yet who will preside asSpecial Judge at the November termof Bourbon Circuit Court.SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATIONThree supplemental registrationdays have been provided for anypersons who were sick or unavoidably away from the city on regularregistration days. These supplemental days are October 23, 24 and25. Any who desire to register onthese days must apply to the CountyClerk's office. This information isfor voters of Paris only, as registration is not required of county voters.o$5,000 SHIPMENTWE WILL RECEIVE TO-DAYTHE LARGEST SINGLE SHIPMENTOF LADLES' COATS EVER RECEIVED IN CENTRAL KENTUCKYAT ONE TIME.FRANK & CO.ASK FOR SPECIAL JUDGEAt a special called meeting of theBourbon countv bar. held Tuesday aresolution was offered and adoptedby a unanimous vote requestingGov. Morrow to appoint Judge Jas,C. Dedman, of Cynthiana, as SpecialJudge to hold ttie regular term inNovember of the Bourbon CircuitCourt. "A committee composed of RobertC. Talbott, O. T. Hinton and John J.Williams was appointed to go toFrankfort to consult with Gov.Morrow regarding the appointment.Judge Robert Lee Stout will be." Miss Rosina Elder has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in RichmondF. S. Elder has returned froma visit to E. V. Elder and family, inRichmond.Mrs. James A. Orr is visitingher mother. Mrs. George Ranson, inRichwood, Ky.Miss Belle Ogden has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Richmond anch Winchester.Robert S. Porter, of, the Leader,spent Tuesday and Wednesday inCincinnati on a business mission.Mrs. Margaret Leslie of Cynthiiana, was a guest recently of Mr. andMrs. S. T. Rudder, on Stoner avenue.W. K. Griffin, Master of Trainson the L. & N.,- has returned froma visit to his mother, at FairviewyOhio.Mrs. S. E. McClanahan find hnhohave returned from a visit to thefamily of her father, W B. Farris,in Flemingsburg.Mrs. Joseph Reffett, of nearParis, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering from anattack of pneumonia.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Boss, of Lexington, were recent guests at thehome of the latter's sister, Mrs. Barnett Winters, on Scott avenue.Miss Cordie Owsley, who hasbeen ill of heart trouble at her homefor some time, has been removed tothe Massie Memorial Hospital fortreatment.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock and daughter, Miss NancyHancock, are expected home on October 29, from their stay in England and France."-Mrs. J. O. Evans is a patient atthe Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, following a recent operation. She is reported as makingrapid improvement.H. C. Whaley and daughterswill go to Mt. Sterling to-morrow toattend the wedding anniversary ofMr. and Mrs. Hoffman Wood, whichwill be celebrated appropriatelythere.Mrs. Charles Insko, who hasbeen confined to the Massie Memorial Hospital for the past two weeksis improving, and was able to be removed to her home in Thornton Division yesterday afternoon.Judge James C. Dedman, ofCynthiana, who acted as SpecialJudge at the June term of B6urrbon Circuit Court, will be here today,-to finish some of the businessheld over from that term.The regular meeting of theBourbon County Woman's Clubsscheduled for Wednesday was postponed until another date on accountof the meeting at Frankfort of theSeventh District branch of the StateFederation of Women's Clubs, alarge number of local members attending. Danville Advocate: "Rev. F.M. Tinder, of North Middletown,Kentucky, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. William Robinson Cook at theirhome on East Lexington street. He(will remain here for several days tobe with his daughter, Mrs. B. F.Robinson, of Lancaster, who underwent an operation at the Danvilleand Boyle County Hospital."Mr. and Mrs. Silas Orme recently celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of their marriage, with adinner at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Howard Thompson, near Paris.About twenty guests were presentfor" the occasion. The dinner wasprepared by the daughters and Mrs.Claude Larkin and Mrs. Jeff Smith,nieces of Mrs. Orme.Winchester Sun: "Mrs. Russell Clayton, of Parist arrived Tuesday for a visit to Mrs. Alex Hardman. Mrs. Clayton will be remembered as Miss Agnes Turner....Mrs. Clay Suthreland and childrenare spending several days in thiscitv with her father, Mr. Clayton JStrode. .. .Mrs. Alex Hardman wasthe guest Tuesday of her sister,Mrs. Thos. McCray. in Paris."The last meeting of the Bourbon County Garden CLub for the season was held yesterday at the homeof Mrs. Charles G. Daugherty, onPleasant street. The day was anideal aiitumn offering from theweather man, being bright andclear. The guests gathered at thehandsome home at 2:30 p. m., whenby Erasmus Darwvin; Redjiath'ff Ei"--brary, Vol. VII, page 237.Mrs. John Sauer is visiting relatives in Jefferson City, Mo.Frank, and Vertner Asbury, ofParis, . were guests of relaties inCynthiana. "Mrs. Owen L. Davis and Mrs;Belle Brent Alexander are improving after a week's illness.Miss Clay Williams, of KansasCity, will arrive this 'week to spendthe winter with her sister, MissLillie Williams, at her home onPleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Edward F. Simms,of New York and Houston. Texas,are spending a few days at theircountry estate, Xalapa Farm, on theNorth-Middletown road, near Paris.John Hildreth and sister. Mrs.Carrie. Fisher, have returned fromCincinnati, where Mr. Hildreth hasbeen under medical treatment forsome time at the Good SamaritanHospital.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr entertained-yesterday with a dinnerbridge at her home on the Georgetown road, near Paris, in compliment to Mrs. William L. Yerkes, pfPasadena. Cali., who is visiting herson, Mr. John W. Yerkes, and Mrs.Yerkes, in this city.' Mrs. William E Simms entertained Wednesday with a charmingluncheon at her country home inWoodford county, in compliment toMrs. Edward Simms, of Houston,Tex, who is spending a few days atXalapa Farm, near Paris: Mrs.Claude Corbuiser, of Los Angeles,Cali., and Mrs. George Lyons, ofNew Orleans. Several guests werepresent from Paris. Dahlias, rosesroses and crysanthemums were usedin the decorations" throughout thehome. The guests were seated atsmall tables and an elaborate menuwas served.The home of Mr. and Mrs. WillG. McClintock, on Pleasant street,was the scene of a happy gatheringyesterday, when the eightiethbirthday anniversary of Mrs. Rebecca Collier, mother of Mrs. McClintock, was celebrated in a befittingmanner. A number of guests assembled at the home, and after partaking of the substantial dinner served,gave their felicitations and goodwishes for the future welfare of theguest of honor, who, "growing oldgracefully," has fulfilled every requirement of wife,, mother, daughter and in a Christian's sureness ofa 'Christian's reward, is peacefullypassing her remaining days in theconsciousness of a happily-spent life.Among the out-of-town guests wereMrs. Bettie Frank Morford, of St.Louis, Mo., and daughter, Mrs.Harry Davis, of Indianapolis, Ind.,who are guests at the home of Mr.and Mrs.. McClintock.(Other Personals on Page 3)COATS COATSCHILDREN'S COATSLEADER STORE.AT THESUITS WITH EXTRA TROUSERSWe' are showing many styles madeup with two pair of trousers a hitfor the thrifty man for it meansdouble service $25 to $45.J. W. DAVIS & CO.A lot of folks without experiencesay that prayer means nothing; butthousands of healed and singinghearts 1tnow better.LOSTBlack and tan hound, about 5years old. Reward for return to626 Vine street, Paris, Ky. (It)FOR SALE.Pure-bred Duroc-Jersey boars forsale at reasonable prices.WM. K. DUDLEY,R. P. JD. 1, Hutchison, Ky.Cumb. Phone 3 3 3-J. ,(20-3t)FOR SALEAn A-l fresh Jersey Cow; also afew choice Rhode Island Red pullets. MRS. O. C. HEDGES,('20-tf) Cumb. Phone 253.LOSTtrm, having made arrangements toremain in California during thewinter for the benefit of his health.Pair of ladies long black gloves inpostoffice or on street. Finder leaveat NEWS office (It)Have a Look!"XLADIES' AND MISSES' TND CHEDREN'S SUITS, COATS, SKIRTS,BLOUSES, MILLINERY, ITBu-YGOODS, SILKS, ETCunable to preside at the Novembirl the following program was rendered, j We Have tlie' i,a(iies Home Journalwim mi-,, uswiv Biau,, patterns, atOLD ENGLISH CHEESEDid you ever taste old Englishcheese? Then tryVyit. -, C. P, COOK & CO.hostess: Awarding or prizes; president's report" of the year's work;auditor's report of Xhe books of the;treasury; paying of dues for 1923;election of officers for 1923; "A Selection," Mrs, J. T. Vansaht. Exhibition. The following referenceswere used: -'Goddess of- Botany,"Twin Bros. Dept. StoreCHAS. SL GOLDSTINECorner Seventh and Main Street!PARIS, KY.MIND READING ISEASY NOWWe know you are thinking aboutWARM CLOTHINGthese cool days. WE HAVE IT!UNION SUITS FOR MEN --!.:$1.00 to $3.00WE'RE AGENTS FOR THAT GOOD MUNSINGWEARoSlBOYS' UNION SUITS75c to $1.50AN OVERCOATvzT..-.'Feels mighty good, and we have the biggest stock andbest values to be found anywhere.$15.00 up. v, OTHER NECESSARY ACCESSORIES, TOOLEWIS WOLLSTEINTwin Bros Clothing and Shoe DepartmentCumberland Phone 40 619 Main Street Paris, Ky. '"SAVE AND SMILE"ftaL'.'iX"1 fcjH -!- f '''. ; A sfThe Pullman Gives You an Extra RoomWithout Increasing Your RentEi-.VERY family needs extra sleeping quarters in the home in case ofemergency, unexpected visitors come; a nurse may be necessaryin any home at any time; you may wish friends to remain overnight or to week-end with you; you may wish to accommodate afriend or good neighbor for a night or two; the man of the family maywish a business friend remain over night, whatever the emergency oroccasion may be, a Pullman provides the extra sleeping quarters.Somefamilies may want to rent out a room because of present high rents.Some families may be moving into smaller apartments with fewer sleeping rooms these are but SOME-of the reasons for the immense popularity of the ,Pullman.,,Here is an opportunity to secure the genuine Pullman, the Davenport B$dthat matches up with other furnishings in your home. You can get thesame designs, the same woods (mahogany, walnut or oak), the same.comf ort that you get in the finest stationary davenports.Here is a beautiful living room piece xf furniture that is "as handsome asthe finest davenport, as comfortable as the best bed" -one that givesdouble, or day-and-night service two pieces of furniture at the price ofone.THE J. T. HINTON CO.EITHERPHONE 36PARIS, KENTUCKYSIXTH AND MAINMotor Hearse Motqr invalid Coacli UndertakingtRE9k .3-m'JLSb"-r-i.Vz'?.-.-cy V -yt" i5 - -" -r- v--vr -X-as- il".- 'r 2l --!- '7"- Vr,?-.r?,'MIPsrjsmsap sncifa'M.l iH Bit "m" ffcjBlh TANLAC H1 Makes You II EAT BETTER II SLEEP BETTER 1I WORK BETTER I" r FEEL BETTERI Ootr 30 Million Bottle Sold Iiw"'MMwigHgTHE BOURBOIT NaWPARIB ENTtTClSwwFRIDAY, OCTOBBR 2d' 1922BIG HOTEL TO BE BUILT OVEBCAVENews has been received at Glasgow, of the plan of Eastern capitalists to build a large hotel costing$500,000 over that portion of Mammoth Cave, which it has been recently found does not belong to theowners of the present hotel and entrance.The site of the new building,which it is said will contain 400rooms, is north of the present entrance on a high plateau.From the lobby of the hotel agiant elevator, the first of its kind,will drop into the Cave. The elevator will be built in three decks,one for each floor of the hotel. After a drop of 208 feet, the passengers of the two upper levels willdescend into the cave by steps, according to R. P. Valtier, engineerfor the American Elevator & Machine Company, of Louisville, whohas been looking into the engineering phase and preparing planswith a view of obtaining the contract for the work.-It is the intention of the promotors to open the new hotel byMay 1, 1923," said Mr. Valiter. "Thework of drilling a six-inch holeinto the cave is nearly completed.This will be blasted out for the elevator shaft. There is a secretnatural entrance to the cave, difficult to enter, but workmen are nowusing it for a passageway in orderto improve the interior. Pathwaysand stairways are being constructedand bridges put across dangerouscrevices."Three years ago a surveyor discovered land which could be usedfor a second entrance and, with thissecret, went East. After interestinga sufficient number of New Yorkcapitalists, he returned, and theMammoth Cave Development Company was formed, with George D.Morrison, a New York contractor,as president. The other officers ofthe company are W. T. Yarel, treasurer, and Lou Render, secretary.QUIT TOBAQCOSo Easy To Drop Cigarette, Cigar orChewing HabitNo-To-Bac has helped thousandsto break tlie habit. Whenever youhave a longing for a smoke or chew,just place a harmless No-To-Bactablet in your mouth instead. Alldesire stops. Shortly the habit iscompletely broken, and you are better off mentally, physically, financially. It's so easy, so simple. Geta box of No-To-Bac and if it doesn'trelease you from all craving for tobacco in any form, your druggistwill refund your money withoutquestion. ' (F-tf)o!NEW WAE SHELLS SEEM TOTHINK FOE SELVESShells and tractors that seem tothink for themselves and other postwar marvels of ordnance development were demonstrated at the Aberdeen, Md., proving grounds inconnection with the annual meetingof the Army Ordnance Associationand affiliated engineering societies.Shells wTith fuses devised to withstand the shocks of firing yet withholding their detonation until theytouch the cloth of an airplane wing,Tried for honors with equally deftprojectiles of 2,000 -pounds whosefuses wait until sixteen inches of armor steel has been penetrated beforethey explode their destructivecharges. The former were developed for destruction of fragile aircraft and the latter for use againstbattleships and fortifications.QHer Plans.W like Marjorle Rambeau's phllostffey. "My plans for the future," sheMd a reporter, "are to do what I. must6fi, and dream about the things IAould like to do. Boston Transcript:FIGHT FIRE ANDWATER IN WRECKAmerican Professor, Wife andChildren Have Exciting Experience in Argentine.OIL-LADEN VESSEL BLOWS UPBattle In Water With Fear-CrazedPaaaenflera Burning Oil SpreadsOver Water and Many AreHorribly Burned.New York. A burning ship surrounded by a sea of blazing gasoline,attacks by passengers crazed withfear that threatened to impede escape and the buffeting of rough waveswere the obstacles that Professor Edward Kv Kemmerer of Princeton University, his wife and two children battled against and overcame when thesteamer Villefrance was wrecked inthe Parana river, Argentine, last June.Professor Kemmerer, a notedeconomist, who was at one time financial adviser to .the Mexican andGuatemalan governments, returned recently with his family.It was a dramatic narrative of afire and shipwreck and the many obstructions that he and his family hadto surmount before reaching shorethat the professor unfolded. . TheKemmerers are the only cabin survivors of the river tragedy."We were awakened at 2 a. m. bya roaring explosion," Professor Kemmerer began. "We were in bed andjumped out clad only in our nightclothing. Bunning to the companionway, we found the ship ablaze fromstem to stern.Fire on All Sides."We reached the deck, where therewere sweeping flames ' and saw oilburning on the water on all sides.Women and children were runningabout, some with clothing afire, menwere fighting and people were jumping overboard."It was terribly hot and people wereshouting and shrieking all about andthere was great confusion. We sawit all In an Instant and we knew wehad no time to lose. Suddenly the shipbegan to list."My wife and children Ruth,twelve, and Donald, sixteen are goodswimmers. I shouted to them to runto the rail and we waited there a fewminutes. We could see people" whohad jumped overboard who had beenseized by. the flames and were terribly burned, and all seemed to bedrowning."We saw gradually the flames weredying out, as the oil surface was consumed. That was our chance for life.We dived over. The dive carried usout of reach of the flames near theship. We swam under water a while."There was wreckage about us andmany were struggling in the water. Wegot some distance from the vesselwhen there was another explosion.That wa9 followed by more flames onthe water, as more oil was blown outof the ship's hold where the cargo ofgasoline was stored. We looked backand could see the ring of the firecoming on 'toward us.Seized by Drowning Man."Suddenly I heard -my wife scream,she had been seized by a drowningman who had gripped her and wouldhave carried her down. Before Icould reach her she had released herself and was swimming on. She wasquite exhausted from the effort, however, and she had Injured her leg,which had been broken several "yearsago."A man who had been burned anddriven insane was on top of a tablewhich had blown from the ship. Hesprang off the table on me and aftera severe struggle I succeeded In disengaging myself from him."When I had done so I found thesea was running higher and we became separated, and unable to gettogether. Finally, we brought up toshore at various points and were caredfor by thenatives. It was two hoursbefore I found by wife and children.My wife's face was slightly burned,but she has recovered from it."NAME CAVE FOR EXPLORERSLewis and Clark Cave in Montana HasFine Collection of Stalactitesand Stalagmites.Butte, Mont. Morrison cavern, 45miles southeast of here, said to havebeen discovered in 1905 by GeorgeMorrison, has been placed under thesupervision of the superintendent ofnational parks and renamed the Lewisand Clark cave in honor of the famous explorers.The cavern has a collection of stalactites and stalagmites which is said tohave few rivals In the country. Afterthe proper lighting has been installedthe large natural museum will beopened to the public.The mouth of the passageway tothe cave is at the summit of a limestone cliff 1,200 feet above the Jefferson river. The main room of thecave is large enough to permit holding large meetings there.17 .58917 .58917 .54122 .45022 .43625 .405pmIlNISHIIROut of the mass of speculationand figuring that went on at theconclusion of the Blue Grass Leaguerace, there has at last 'come the official statement from President Russell, of Maysville. From this statement, which was issued Tuesday, itIs shown that, owing to a numberof games In which Paris participated being forfeited, the locals areplaced in third place in the secondhalf of the race, which was finallywon by Maysville defeating the Cynthiana team in last Sunday's game.The forfeited games due to opponents using other than bonafideplayers accounts for the revisedstanding. According to the statement the clubs occupied the following positions at the conclusion:Cynthiana, Mt. Sterling,- Paris)Maysville, Winchester, Lexington,President Russell's statement follows: "Gentlemen As your president, agreat deal of criticism has beenprinted in certain newspapers in thecircuit as to how I arrived as to thewinner of the second half, and injustice "to myself. I feel that youknow the true solution of the matter. On and under date of October5th I have the statement of J. A.Estes, the official statistician of theleague, the following standing:Team Won Lost PetCynthiana 24Paris .24Mt. Sterling 20Lexington 18Maysville 17Winchester 17"At your meeting held in Paris,September 23, I was informed thatall games were moved up so that theseason could close October 4th, andthat an agreement was made between Paris, Mt. Sterling and Cynthiana that should any postponedgames have bearing on the winnerof the second half that they shouldbe played on Thursday and Fridayand the post series should start onSaturday. October 7. On ThursdayMt. Sterling vs. Cynthiana. Mt.Sterling won; on Friday Paris vs.Mt. Sterling, Mt. Sterling won. Thiswould make the standing as follows:Cynthiana, Won 25 Lost 16 .percent 581. Paris won 25 Lost 18per cent 585. Mt. Sterling won22 Lost 17, per cent 565. Lexington won 18 Lost 22, per cent 436.Winchester won 17 Lost 25, percent 405."At the meeting held in MaysvilleFriday, October 6, Mt. Sterling, Lexington, Cynthiana and Maysville being present, Paris by proxy held byCynthiana, the game in whichBallou, King, Bacon, Mueller (whileplaying with Lexington) and Pottswere protested. The claim beingthat they were ineligible players."On investigation I found that Bacon was a suspended player, Kingbelongs to Louisville, Mueller by thestatement of Morton in the meetingwas not under contract and a votewas taken on same and the gamesin which they played were forfeited.The vote being Cynthiana, Maysvilleand Lexington, Yes; Mt. Sterling,No. Cynthiana refused to vote theproxie of Paris, hence the followinggames were forfeited: Mt. Sterlingvs. Lexington, Bacon pitching,awarded to Winchester, Cynthianavs. Lexington, Mueller pitching,awarded to Cynthiana. The gamesin which Potts played were also protested and they are under investigation. Just as soon as answers arereceived from Secretary Farrell theywill be promulgated, however if theyare forfeited or not, they will haveno bearing on the standing, as Ihave tabulated them in the Mt, Sterling column. In the games of BallouI have a telegram from SecretaryFarrell saying that the games inwhich Ballou played are O. K., andhe is the judge of same. However,you can appeal from his decision tothe National Board of Governors.Frome the above I have compiled thestanding of the League as follows:Team Won Lost PetCynthiana 25 17Mt. Sterling 23 16Paris 24 18Maysville 17 22Winchester 18 24Lexington 16 26"Very Truly,"THOS. M. RUSSELL.".594.590.571.430.428.380NOW IS THE BEST TIMEGTTAINT EXPEESS10NS IN STATEPOLITICSKentucky politics abounds in. avariety of expressive terms andquaint colloquialisms, many "ofwhich have become time-honored intheir usage. Some of the politicalterms and expressions are of Statewide character, while others areconfined to a section,Political terms that originated inKentucky, but now having nationwide usage, are "Politics Is Hell"and "Going Up' Salt River." Thefirst has been adopted as the mostexpressive aphorism applicable topolitical reverses and the other isapplied to defeated candidates generally in or out of Kentucky."Sufficiently shod to go throughthe briar patch" is a much usedmountain political expression andtranslated means that the candidatefor office has the "wherewith" andis well-heeled financially to meetthe demands made upon him in hisquest for public preferment.The voter that barters his suffarge is generally termed a "floater," but in some parts of the Statehe is called a "boodler" and in others a "blood-sucker" or a "louse."That he is in the race from "eendto eend," means that the candidatewill not withdraw, but will run itout to the finish. "Running like a'skeered' dog" means that the candidate for office is not allowing anyover-confidence in the result to diminish any of his campaign activities. "Beating the bushes" refers to aclose and systematic' canvass forvotes and a "stillhunt" means conducting a race or campaign on thequiet without attracting the attention of the opposition. "Sore spots"designate post-election bitternessand bad feeling. "Yaller dog" isan uncompromising partisan thatwill npt "scratch" or vote for thecandidates of another party.Don't Be FooledLow Price and High Quality" Don't Go Together, Stick toCALUMETThe Economy BAKING POWDER"Never accept "Just as Good" Brands; itwill only mean disappointments Ad fail-ures on bake-day, which are expensive.Calumet is a High Grade BakingPowder, Moderate in Price"OT MAOC BY A JCAIUMWV CONTENTS IIS-IBfeST BY TESTWhen you use ityou never spoil anyof the expensive ingredients usedsuch as flour, sugar,eggs and milk.The sale of Calumetis 2lA times as muchas that of any otherbrand.THE WORLD'S GREATEST BAKING POWDEREasy to Get at the Peas.When my niece first visited the country she watched me shelling peas, andduring dinner she explained by saying,"Aunty just opened little pocketbooksand took 'em out." Exchange.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' PILE OINTMENTFor Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.For sale by all druggists, mal 50c and $ 1 .00WILLIAMS MFC. CO.. Prps . Cleveland, OhioFor Sale By0BEBD0BEER, THE DRUGGIST?Two -Year -Old Rose PlantsOn Sale From July 1 to July 15Second Crop Seed Irish PotatoesJOHN CHRISMAN CO.FLORISTSNineteenth St., Near MainBoth PhonesTry. Us With That Next Job!PRINTINGWe PrintAnythingAny TimeAll WorkDeliveredOn. TimeTHE NEWS JOB DEPARTMENTNow is the best Hime to selectChristmas and greeting cards whileall the lines are complete. "We havethe finest line of samples to he hadand will be glad to show them toyou. Come in now.THE BOURBON NEWS JOB DEPARTMENT.Rye Kittens and One Tail.Solom Springs, Wis. This is not thetale of n cat, but the tale of five catswith one tail.Edward Cay, a farmer, living nearhere, was startled when the f old graycat-brought in five kittens all joinedto one tall. . .. t(h -Co-operation the Master Key.There is no such tiling as perpetualmotion. The wheel continues to revolve because power is constantly applied to it. Business also moves only Juhen there Is enterprise and push behind It. Co-operation is the key tonational prosperity.Advance With Forethought.There Is no road too long to theman who advances deliberately andwithout undue haste; there are nohonors too distant to the man whoprepares himself for them with patience. La Bruyere.- aFear to Be Original.Simplicity of manner Is the -last attainment." Men are very long afraidof being natural, from the dread of being taken for "ordinary. Jeff rev. - .ARE YOU A MEMBERof the Great Farmers' Organization that Has Just Sold54,000,000 POUNDS OF BURLEY TOBACCOIN ONE SALE AND TO ONE CONCERN?2THIS SALEPractically cleaned up the 1921 crop and at very satisfactory prices. We are, therefore, in a very strong position for handling the 1922 crop and our success is absolutely assured.55,00 GROWERSStuck together this past season and saved the day for all of you.70,000 GROWERSAre now banded together in the determination to bring about BETTER LIVINGCONDITIONS for their families, and they make thisFINAL APPEAL TO NON-MEMBERSTo sign up before November 6 and lend their strength to this great cause.WE WANT EVERY TOBACCO GROWER IN THE ASSOCIATIONOur interests are identical. We seek to market tobacco in such a way "that YOU- will get the profit, instead of dividing it with speculators, pinhookers and looseleaf warehousemen.STANDING ALONE YOU CAN DO NOTHING W5? r"' pw.UNITED, the banks of the Burley district, your merchants and the United Statesgovernment, itself, will back you as they have backed us in the past year.BEWARE OF FALSE PROPAGANDA -.-Being circulated by those who seek to continue living off your work as they havelived in the past years. Didn't they tell you that our holdings could-'not be sold7Their other statements are just as far from the truth.RESULTS ARE WHAT COUNTAnd the accomplishments of this organization during its first year of operationshould convince the most skeptical thatCO-OPERATIVE MARKETING IS THE SOLUTIONOF" THE TOBACCO GROWERS' PROBLEM,j" 'Therefore, we,RESPECTFULLY INVITE YOU TO SIGN ,A contract and become a member, with all the rights and privileges of our presentmembership. Write this office for a contract at once, or secure one from vourneighbors. ' J.DON'T WAIT TO BE SOLICITEDFor we may not have an opportunity to visit every grower in the short time fromnow until November 6.' -BETTER TIMES HAVE COME WON'T YOU HELP TO CONTINUE THEM?Burley Tobacco Growers' Co-Operative Association- I (Incorporated)620 South Broadway - Lexington, KentuckyV s)1ttV,-J-3C-v- . .-i-1w-.'Vflfr-.-FHIDAY, OCTOBER 20, IS 23A SWEET LITTLEBABY BOYMakes a Bright Spot in EveryHome. A Comfort inYears to ComeTHE BOpggQft NKjKB, "PARIS, BNTQCBr -ITMILLERSBURG .f ,!ntertiting .News Items PronTBoTirbon County's College TownMr. James HutselL has returned from the meeting of the Kentucky Grand Lodge of Masons inLouisville.Mr. and. Mrs. F. M. Kirbv havePark Rapids. Minnesota. "I hav moved from Bowling Green into Hiataken your medicine Lydia E. Pink- residence recently owned by Col. andUllllllll " T 58eDie Mrs. c M. Best.II Compound when I -mr xi t,. ... . ..W&a a crirl f nina in ' XiC111Jr r-aneraon IS Visit-andte&reandSte? daughter. Mrs. A. G. Cox,my marriage. I now Glenhays, and Mrs. James Colehave a sweet little .man, at Spring Hill. West Virginia.baby boy and will ' Mr. and Mrs. Frank Fussneckersend you his picture have moved from rooms in the San-ft,,1S,riSSrfS dU8ky Uildin& int0 the residence,. my sisters also nn TVio-o- CfQf ,.i i u., -rrrtake your medicine Z7 " "" "" y - w.and find it a great M' Millerhelp, and T recom-1 TnJ "Y's Inn" was openedmend it to those who 'Monday afternoon at the Miiiers-suffer before their babies are born."- burg College. This is a continua-Jfo. Wm. JOHNSON, Box 155, 'Park tion of the "5-Step Inn," which wasRapids, Minn. conducted by the Y. W. C. A. of theTo marry and arrive at middle age college last 'year,without children is a great disappoint- ha --- l;i ,ment to many women. Think of the joy The Protr?cted meeting is inand comfort other women have in their PrSress at ,the Christian church,children as they grow older. Services each night at 7:15. TheLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- Rev L E- Sellers is an interestingpound has helped to bring great happi- speaker, and large crowds are at-ness to many families by restoring wo- tending each service. Rev. Sellersmen to health. Of ten the childless home will have special service for theSUTnK"? " Tuesday niglt was HightjLli. rui "JJZ'"?? School nierht. The students attended in a body.Mr.' George Chinn, of Harrods-iburg, a graduate of M. M. I.,andfor two years a regular on the football team of the "Praying Colonels"has been assisting Coach Reese in(the foot ball work". It is of suchhearty co-operation of the alumni!JpP 'IIIMli v1lllk m-..mE. Pmkham's Vegetable Compound. Itbrought health and happiness into thehome of Mrs. Johnson. Why not toyours .'LONG DISTANCE HTKEE VISITSPARISWalking on a wager that rhe will that the student body can justly feelvisit every State in America, three proud of M. M. I. The foot ball-points in Canada, and one in Mexico, team has played -and won severalwithin two years, Bernard Mugler, games. On October 20 they playedtwenty-four, an ex-service man of Versailles at home, and October 28.Newark, N. J., passed through Paris Cynthiana at Cynthiana.two months ahead of his schedule' Among those from here attendSuuday. Mugler was en route to ing the funeral and burial Wednes-.Knoxville, Tenn. day afternoon in Paris, of John Las-Mugler left New York on Septem- sing Alverson, son of Mr. and Mrs.bei 19, 1921, on a wager that he Jesse M. Alverson, were: Dr. andvas to cover approximately 30,000 Mrs. C. - B. Smith, 'Miss Lilliemiles within two years. He is al- Boulden, Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Curlowed to accept any ride, food or rent. Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre,shelter that is offered him, but can- Miss Carolyne Mclntyre, Mr. andnot solicit aid of any kind. If he is Mrs. Julian Allen, Mr. G. S. Allen,successful in the attempt he is to re-' Mrs. F. A. Cook, Mr. and Mrs. J. T.ceive $3,000 from a New York man, ' Jefferson, Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Redaccording to his statement. If he ( mon. Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen, Mr.saves 2,000 from the sale of postal 'and Mrs. Bryan McMurtry, Mr. andcards he is to receive $2,000 bonus, 'Mrs. Harry Letton, Mrs; Jack Wilmaking a total of $7,000 for the Hams, Mr. A. Moffett, Mr. M. C.trip. I Grimes.Up to the present time Mugler j Mr. Elijah Barton, a farmer,has touched thirty four States, one living on the J. B. Cray farm nearpoint in Mexico and one in Canada, j Brush Fork, died at Massie HospitalHe left for the South after spending in Paris, Monday night, as the rea few hours here. He was very 'suit of an accident which happenedmuch impressed with Paris during here on Main street. Dr. Arthurhis short stay.Conservative."I'm not saying a word against MacTavlsh; I'm only saying that anybodythat goes to your funeral should beforced to pay an amusement tax."Passing Show (London).DrVfcddell'sPile Remedyn't Suffer Don't be Operatedtmta you haw tried Dr. Wddll'Rndy. AbohrteJyhifleM Gm-te sir JMolvto athctea 'pragght If sot write w.Plummer was driving down thestreet in his car, and ran againstMr. Barton, who was crossing thestreet, and failed to see the carcoming, which threw him to theground, fracturing his limb andarm. The injured man was immediately taken to the Hospital by hisnephew and Dr. H. M. Boxley,where in a few hours he died. Thebody was brought to his home Tuesday morning. Those who witnessedthe accident say it was unavoidable.Mr. Barton was a bachelor, and issurvived by one sister, Mrs. S. E.Ritchie, Springfield, 111., and twobrothers. W. T. Barton, of Harrisoncounty, and J. B. Barton, of Bourbon county. The funeral was heldat the grave Wednesday afternoon,in the cemetery at Republican, Harrison county.t- -t , iw.' -- -- r-rrden 90, Mary Reed . 92, Elizabethuainoun 93, James Clarke 93.Teacher Miss Sallie Squires.GRADE IV.Elizabeth Hill 90, Mariam Lancaster 92, Mary Alice Wells 91,Stanley Feeback 92, Joe Grimes 95.Teacher Miss Sallie Grimes.GRADE V.Katherine Jones 95, Edith Mitchell 94,' Chas Reed 92, Lucy Tallman 90, Claude Thompson 94, William Thorn 91, Julian Wells 92.-Teacher Mrs. Frank P. Bedford.GRADE VI.Nellie Gillispie 90 JElgin Rose 90,Lucile Linvilfe 91," James Pruitt 92,Noble Gillispie 92, Clay Stone 93,'Lillian Rose 93, Joe Dennis 93, Alexander Bruer 94, Veach Eubanks94, Marie Feeback 94, Lovell Hickman 94, Thomas Hickman 94, EdnaThompson 95. ""Teacher Miss Lina B. Crowe.GRADE VII.Charles Crouch 91.Teacher Miss Elizabeth Donnell."GRADE VIII.Nellie .Shea 93, Lucile, Dunn 92,Alberta Case 91, Louise Stone 90.Teacher Miss Elizabeth DonnelLHIGH SCHOOLEmma Gillispie 91, J. D. Letton90, Thelma Wagoner 90, Helen Dalzell 91,NSallie Joe Bodkin 90, Marjorie Howard 90. ..Teachers Prof. J. W. Lancaster.Principal; Prof. Russell Jones, As-bisuaiii principal; ror. Russell C.Hunt, Miss Mary S. VanMeter.The High School foot ball teamis to play the High School team ofSharpsburg High School. A newfootball has just been purchased forthe boys, which is affording a lot ofpleasure.The first "number of the RedpathLyceum program will appear October 26 at the Millersburg CollegeAuditorium at' 8:00 o'clock. Theprogram for this occasion is to befurnished by the "Alexander Trio."The faculty-and High School students enjoyed a treat in the lecturegiven at the gymnasium Saturdayafternoon by Prof. Farquar, of Kentucky University, given under theauspices of the Twentieth CenturyClub of Millersburg.The Alexander Trio, who appear at the M. C. under the auspices of the local Lyceum committee Thursday evening October 26,have been accorded praise in manyparts of ..the United States. J. F.Alexander, baritone and director ofthe company, plays the saxophone,mellophone, steel guitar and theSpanish guitar, a unique instrument of beautiful tonal possibilities.Mrs. Anna Alexander, contralto,plays the saxophone, mellophone.piano and guitar. Miss Evelyn Dalin, soprano with the company,features on the violin. Her musicalreadins are an interesting part ofthe well-balanced program presentedby the trio. Popular and classicalvocal and instrumental selections insolos, duets and ensemble, togetherwith delightful musical readings,make the program thoroughly delightful and entertaining.fj' ifrflWEfVFOOLISH TO-LETHAIR FALL OUT35c "Danderine" Saves YourHair Ends Dandruff!j 'Delightful TonicdmpkFINEST CANDIESIN ATTRACTIVE BOXESAN APPROPRIATE GIFTMISS HOLLADAYQuick! Don't wait! Every bald headstarted with just a few falling hairand a little dandruff but soon thehair appeared thin, scraggly, and thenthe dreaded bald spot. It seems a sinto let hair fall out or tolerate destructive dandruff when you can quicklycorrect all such hair trouble with abottle of delightful Danderine.Millions of men and women know themagic of Danderine; how it correctsoily, dandruffy, itching scalps andhelps the hair to grow long, thick,strong and luxuriant. Danderine isnot sticky or greasy. It is the largestselling hair corrective and tonic in theworld because it is not a humbug! Getn bottle at any drugstore.REYNOLDS MAKES BIG TOBACCOPURCHASESPABIS CITY SCHOOL NOTESIMedjaTCCallISmMisfiroVeJBqw mmmmm m wiFARM TffHPARIS, KY,Began Business Jan. 3, 1916CAPITAL$60,000.00SURPLUS$26,000.00HIGH SCHOOL NOTESThe school is indebted toMessrs. W. F. Saunders, TolliverSnelling and D. E. Clarke for. keeping the school's hogs during thesummer.The program at WednesdaysChapel exercises was furnished bythe piano pupils of Mrs. H. T. Richart, teacher of piano and PublicSchpol Music. The class was assisted by the High School and Firstand Second grades, who renderedsome vocal numbers. The entireprogram bore witness to the fact'that Mrs. Richart and her classhave been busy this first month ofthe school year. Once each. monththe Music Club will render a program on the regular days for Chapelexercises. The public is cordiallyinvited" to attend these recitals.The visitors present were: Mesdames J. T. Judy, Elizabeth Reynolds, W. M. Brown, LindsayStone. Arnold Case, Hazel King,Walter May, Clara Dabney, A. C.Toadvine, J. W. Lancaster, D.E.Clarke. Lucy Squires, Current Cunningham, T. H. Brown, Misses AttaMann and Elizabeth Payne, Messrs.D. E. Clarke, Graham Boston andT. H. Brown,r The honor roll for the firstmonth is as follows:GRADE I.Mrs. Lizzine Walke is school visitof Paris City Schools, rather than -atruant officer. Mrs. Walker kijowsthe people of Paris perhaps as wellas any person in the city. Sheknows the. home conditions of practically every child in the CitySchools, and takes a peculiar andindividual interest in the welfare ofevery child. She puts in her timevisiting the homes, helping' and encouraging the parents to keep theirchildren in school regularly and ismaking a .wonderful success in herwork in the City Schools.Her report at the close of the firstmonth shows practically no truancyin Paris. A few children have been,out on account of sickness of variouskinds, but a real truant case is hardto find in this city. This conditionof affairs is -true because of thekindly interest that Mrs. Walkerand the teachers in the city schoolstake in the children. Children, as arule, love to go to school, and whenthey find that the teachers are interested in their happiness and welfare it makes them more interested.When they are absent Mrs. WalkerFifty-four million pounds of tobacco were sold Monday by theBurley Tobacco Growers' Co-operativeAssociation, through Presidentand General Manager James C.Stone, to the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, through its Kentucky vice-president, T. H. Kirk.The tobacco was sold at the association prices for its regular grades,President Stone said. Part of thetobacco, it was said, is for export.The sale included almost the entireholdings of the association.The negotiations leading up tothis, the largest sale of burley tobacco to a single manufacturer inthe history of the country, had beengoing on for more than a week.There was general rejoicing in theranks of the burley associationmembers and officials when the dealfinally was completed.No information was given by Mr.Stone as to the amount of moneyinvolved, as ft was said it .was notknown just how much the tobaccowould bring until the transactionfinally is completed by the actualtaking oer of the tobacco. BothPresident Stone and Director ofWarehouses Barker have said forsome time that the associationwould sell all its holdings becauseof the needs of the manufacturersand the lightness of the 1922 crop;and that it Vas very likely that faconsiderable" portion of the holdingswould be taken by those manufacturers who already had purchasedfrom the stocks of the association.oINDIGESTION, GAS, ,-URSET STOMACH19Insjtantly! 'Tape's Diapepsin" ICorrects Stomach soMeals DigesttinMIMIMtmMIMI tIMMMIMIIIIIlmlThe moment you eat a tablet of"Pape's Diapepsin" your indigestionis gone. No more distress from asour, acid, upset stomach. No flatulence, heartburn, palpitation, ormisery-making gases. Correct yourdigestion for a few cents. Eachpackage guaranteed by druggist tocalls and shows a kindly interest in overcome stomach troubleWE will counselyou when youneed our assistance.We will serve you.courteously andfaithfully, we aretrained in the mostmodern methods of.our scientific profession.HIM I Ji J I W Jifl JtTTFm JtlJiili?OTHiCTHE TTNLMERSAL CARYou Need One; Buy it Now-It Insures Health- and PleasureIt will Increase Your BusinessBuy From RUGGLES BecauseYou are Guaranteed Factory Prices- You .Get Service That Satisfies.VPflty as You RideOur Time Plan Makes It EasyYou Get Insurance With It-I AM THE FORD MAN FOR YOUR DISTRICTRliGGtES.ii,MOTOR COMPANYParis, Kentuckythem and lets them know that theyare missed if they 'are out even ahalf day. This still furtherstrengthens their interest in theschoolThe school visitor plan has proven(adv-F)HAEKNESS CASE AGAIN INCOUBTCharging that the Harkness es-i tate should have paid approximatelyExaexiBourbon Laundrysuccessiui wnerever ix. nas oeen ineu ( ?15Q0?000 in taxes instead of $340,and it is proving successful in Paris , 000 in taxes. Robert C. Talbott, ofThe position of School Visitor iscone Paris, lepresenting the Commonof the most important in the entire ' wealth, asked the Court of AppealsIIX1iXDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streetvschool system and one ofdifficult to fill.Attractive booklets announcingthe Paris City School's LyceumCourse for this year have just beenissued. These booklets have postersNellie Mattox 90, Edward May 91, of an the attractions in them andOFFICERSFrank P. Kiier, PraeldentS. L. Weathers, Vic PrealdentW. W7."Mitcheii. CaahUrJno. W. Yerkaa, Aaa't Caaaltrn padt Jr., Bookkfr...JUNE It, Iftl'George McClain 90, Arthur Plummer 90, Ernest Saunders 91, Maurice Well 91, Mary Ellen Saundersqo Marshall Cumbers 90. JessieClay Botts 90, Margaret Brown 90,E. R. Carr 90, Norman Juay yu.Tpaeher Nannie Clarke.GRADE n.William Virgil Burroughs,Brown, Clyde Hill, Jesse Hurst,Carl Mastin, Eddie Reynolds, Thurman Saunders, Roy Sloop, Ida MayDwelly, Bertha Grimes, Josie Hill,Mary Hulda Dennis, Ruth Riggs.Tacher Mrs. Mary S. Boston.-. XJRADE HI.BtlSlf-0, iMarsTitrite Burthe most Friday to set aside the settlementeffected in 1916, on the ground thatit was made by fraud. Argumentfor the retention of the original$240,000 settlement -was made byJudge Alex P. Humphrey, of Louisville.The entire court heard the argu-Xworth any one's while to study andmeditate. Five hundred of thesei booklets were printed and will beused during the entire course andthe firms a greateducational letters on the backs ments. Judge Hpmphreys was assisted by Cornelius J. Sullivan, ofNew York, and Judge Alex Barrett,of Louisville. Mr. Talbott was as--Histedhv Attornev General Dawson1 a-n't r.mint.v Attornev Sneucer Car-rick, of Fayette.It will be remembered in connection with this litigation that Mr..If the mountain peaks and the Talbott secured the largest taxocean piers you can't blame the can- judgment in this case that has everary for peeping. - a been secured in this State.o-rwe trust will doamount of good.BillieySte4f. .5I j! i I i E jm ir fid A J9 v lJPMH mm:iap r Pill1. 1f'iHHMWHwH- ftSf&IKaO l TCSZ.wvi A Vi SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest irrmrnve- mift mpnta in loiTnilTMr QTvrVliQ-nnoeiand expert helpers we are Jf3 prepared to do work infe- 1-nor xo none, ana soliciti your patronage.Anyway, the widow has the-satisfaction of knowing where lier. huiHay It Shine With Gaod Datds.iBlnce.Ufeis brief, let us try-to iaakaII bright. Boston Transcript ,The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyxaexiK3K 3BH V SIB V :Patronize Bourbon 'Hews Advertiser!-JV.5" tEKI&.-vJti- -: - 4-"J.lzsvv-PAGE EIGHT-, t.THE BOURBON NEWS, IRAKIS, EBNTUOLT -'kT- Zt" JrrT VBTOAoc&fiii, iftar -&.Vi.sit?ft- -riK1mURELIGIOUSBsume of Events In EeligionsCircles For Present andFuturecThe Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church, will hold an-all-day meeting in the church parlors Tuesday, October 24. A full attendance is earnestly desired.Services Sunday morning at theusnal "hours at St Peter's EpiscopalcbuTch. Sunday school at 9:30 a.rm.; services at 10:45 a. m., conducted by Rev. W. S. Cain, rector. Everyone cordially invited to attelad4hese services.Rev. Louie Gaines, of Louis--ville. will preach at the First Baptist church, Sunday morning andevening. Sunday School 9:30;preaching 10:45, B. Y. P. U. 6:00 p..m.; evening services' services 7:00."We urge each member to hear Rev.Jains, who is a young man filled-rwith the spirit, and a man you will-want to hear.. Friday afternoon at two-thirty3n the parlors of the Presbyterianchurch there will be a prayer meet'Ing Xer the women of the churchand any others who may be inter--ested.This is one, of the series of"Sprayer meetings' which are beingli'eld preparatory to the Thackermeting which begins the 29 th of-October. "Everybody welcome, butespecially are the women of thechurch urged to be present.Rev. James M. Maxon, rector ofChrist Church, Nashville, Tenn.,-was Wednesday consecrated BishopCoadjutor of Tennessee with a mostelaborate ceremony. " The consecration ' ceremony was delivered byBishop Charles Woodcock, of Louis--viiie,under whose preaching BishopIMaxon entered the ministry. BishopIMaxon was formerly rector of SL"Peter's Episcopal church, in Paris,-and later president -of Margaret"College, in Versailles, being succeeded by Rev. Geo. H. Harris, alsok " a former pastor of the Paris church.The members of the Presbyterian church are busy preparing forShe revival meeting which is to bein October 29 th. The meetingwill be conducted by Dr, J. Ernest""Thacker, assisted by his singer, Mr.Thos. B. Roddy, of Chattanooga,Tenn. Under the leadership of Mrs.jm 3Duncan Bell, a religious census of7- The entire community is being taken.Mrs. Nunie Lyle is chairman of theprayer meeting committee, which is-working out a plan for a -series ofprayer meetings which will coverpractically the whole congregation.'-Other committees 'are doing excellent work. Beginning some time-next week a series of down town" prayer meetings will be held formen only. The services Sunday will" be preparatory to the meeting. The-morning sermon will be on the subv 5eti- "Fishermen of Men." Theevening service will be evangelistic,ithe subject being "Ye Must Be BornAgain." Rev. T. . S. Smylie willipreaeh at both services. A newsxruaxtette has been arranged and isrendering excellent music. Mrs.Macie Fithian and Mr- Charlie-Mitchell, who have rendered suchexcellent service, have felt it necessary to give up the active work.Mrs. Edward Prichard has been se--cured for the soprano. Mr. Geo.'"White Fithian for the bass. The" church is fortunate. The delightfulequalities of Mrs. Prichard's voiceJave long given her a recognized'.place as one of the best sopranos intthe county. Mr. Fithian has an ex-s 'cellent bass, and is one of the mostj promising young musicians of the"own. These two, with Mr. Harbe-.son and Miss Hill make a very fine-combination. At each" service there"will be two special musical num' ers instead of one as heretofore,thereby guaranteeing a delightful"axiety and a well-rounded musicalrservice. Hours of preaching, 10:45.a. m., 7:15 p. m., Sunday School- '"3:30 a. m. and Christian Endeavori-5:30 p. m."CAPPY KICKS BETIRES"Here at least is the volume that"Hakes Cappy through the most exciting years of his life.It's the samp old Cappy, the CapTy who swears "by the Holy PinkToed Prophet," and cusses Skinner)ut for being penurious. "Skinner:my boy if you ever forget yourself"long enough to give three hoots in.hell you'll wast one of them"back."In this rapidly-moving book he;jooes his level best to "retire" frombusiness. But Romance of the sea,-jof business, of full-blooded adventure keeps calling him back into"harness; and he. comes back stronger' than ever."Cappy Ricks" is an epic charac-3er - of the American of" to-day, and-$his is a book you will want permanently in your library a bookihat millions know could have beenvraritten.only- by Peter B. Kyne." 2TEW,ATJT0 LICENSE SYSTEMUnder the new law the auto licences for the coming year will be calculated on a different basis than"Sthat "heretofore in vogue. Each ma--machine, will pay 25c on each horse-grower and 40c on each 100 poundssi5f "Its weight. This will make verylittle difference in the tax on u"Ford touring car, but it will make-, h6avier 'cars come across with'. " - " i.MATRIMONIALL Record of Drfh Cupid's Doings Av The Days Go By;v.DEATHSThe following announcementshave hien issued:".Mr. and Mrs. James 1-C Glassannounce the marriage of theirdaughterMyrtletoMr. William Collinson Monday. October the sixteenthnineteen hundred and twenty-twoGeorgetown, Keoitucky.""At Home'after November first.859 South Broadway,Lexington, Kentucky."oKENTUCKY TOBACCO EEP0RT(Monthly Business Review)The tobacco crop of Kentucky isnearly all housed af the presenttime. In some parts of the Statewhere the crop is late and thedrouth not so severe as to necessitate cutting the immature plants,there is some tobacco still growing.The Burley tobacco crop is a shortone this year; that is the yield peracre is small, but even with a largeacreage it is doubtful whether thetotal production will be as much ifany more than that of last year.Last year's crop was one . of thesm'allest for many years. Certainlythis year's crop in any event cannotbe "above the normal production.The drouth forced very early cutting of most of the Burley tobaccoas Burley burns very readily in hotdry weather. There is one thingabout this type of tobacco, however,and that is that -it cures up nicelyeven if very immature when cut; sothis crop seems to be curing up surprisingly well and growers are expecting plenty of good colory leaf.In the heavy producing sectionaround Lexington and Paris, theyield per acre will probably not bemore than two thirds of an averagelife Is But A Brief Span, A 'DebtThat All Must PayBARTON'" Elijah A. Barton, of Millersbur, aged fifty-six, died Mondaynight at the Massie Memorial Hospital from the effect of injuries sustained Monday afternoon, when hiewas struck and knocked down by anautomobile. Mr. Barton is survivedby one sister, Mrs. Sarah E. Ritchie,of Springfield, 111., and two brothers-W. T. Barton, of Harrison county, and J. B. Barton, of Bourboncounty.The funeral was held at 2:30o'clock Wednesday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave incemetery, at Republican, in Harrison county.TALBOTT SCharles B. Talbott, aged fortyseven, a former resident of Bourboncounty, died at his home in Winchester, after an illness of severalweeks from typhoid fever.Mr. Talbott was a son of the lateJohn C. Talbott. of Bourbon county'and was born and reared near NorthMiddletown. He became a residentof Winchester several years ago, and'for the past eight years had been inthe employ of the Hodgkin GroceryCompany in that city. He is survived by his widow, Mrs. EmmaMorton Talbott, and four children,Misses Grace and Anna Louise Talbott and Morton Talbott, of. Winchester, and Scott Talbott, of NorthCarolina.The funeral was held at 2:30o'clock Wednesday af ternoon" at theFirst. Christian church, in. Winchester, with services conducted bythe. pastor, Rev. J. H. MacNeil. Theinterment followed on the family lotin the Winchester Cemetery.McCLINTOCKThe bddy of Mrs. Keith SpearsMcClintock, who died Monday atKingston, -New York, after a shortillness, will be brought to Paris forburial, arriving here over the L. &yield. In many cases probably notJN at noon to-day. The body, willmore than half. This, in spite of be accompanied by the funeralthe well-known fact that Burley j party, her brothers, Jacob Spears, ofraised under drouthy conditions Brooklyn, New York, Dr. Llewellynweighs heavy. In consequence of Spears, of Louisville, and Rev. Halthe small crop, Burley growers are dl" UL ""aiiu, nui iua, aimner auni, Mrs. .tt.eiui spears umber tson, of Louisville. Mrs. ArthurGloster, her sister, and Mr. Gloster,of Middlesboro, came Thursday toattend the funeral.The funeral will be held at St.i cici o xuin.aKjya.1 uuibu, ai 4.vuo'clock this (Friday) afternoon,looking for good prices this year.There has beenNno shortage of labor for handling the tobacco crop,and the cost has ,been moderate. Itis believed that many farmers havenot paid over $2.50 per day forhands for handling tobacco, andmost of them have paid only $2.00 aday. There seems to be sufficientwork, and the labor situation isfairly satisfactory. In -the more rewith services conducted by the rector, Rev. Walter S. Cain. The interment will take place on the fam-ily lot in the Paris Cemetery. Thennll-hpnrprs will hf Arthur nine-mote parts of the Bluegrass region, L Jag D McCiintock; N. Fordthat is in the regions of very small Brent, Wm. G. Talbott, S. E. Bedtowns away from the railroads, ford John Spears, Noah Spears andprices or rarm laoor run very mucn Woodford Spears,lower; in fact 1.25 per day is acommon wage in many sections.The total Kentucky tobacco cropof all types, estimated as of Septem-ALVERSON ftMr. and Mrs. Jesse M. Alverson,of Paris, who" some time ago movedber 1, is 454,121,)00 pounds as , to Harlan, have the sympathy of thecompared with 325,710,000 pounds."""1"1""1 '" L"c ucat11 UL Llltm bUU''' I Irwin T.QOOino- A Hrnrpnn r rrrA""" .i-iu.ooiai& iijyciauu, agcu Millieproduced last year.SUNNING A PUBLIC UTILITYAn Ohio newspaper .man recentlysaid "No one attempts to tell a grocer, a butcher, a jeweler, or g. druggist how to run his store, how muchhen!should be allowed to charge forhis wares and the hours he shouldkep his store open, but most people feel competent to run a newspaper or public utility company andare very generous in their adviceand criticism."Whether this was written in aspirit of pique or scarcasm, we donot know. However, this does notrepresent the attitude or feeling ofthe operator of a live newspaper orpublic utility to-day. Both of'theseinstitutions are open for constructive criticism at all times. What,to these operators have became matters of every day routine is a realnecessity to the public, and a goodmany times, the very things we accept as definitely established routineand beyond reproach, should as amatter of fact be relegated to thescrap heap. -There isn't a wide-awake operator of a newspaper or public utilityto-day who does not welcome suggestions for improvement in theservice rendered the public. Theidea that suggestions are consignedto the waste-basket has faded awayalong with that famous utterance"the pub'lic be damned" made by aprominent railroad operator of theprevious generation.We all welcome suggestions, andwhen you observe what you believeto be room for improvement, do nothesitate to write or call the executive in charge of your public utilityauu leu mm aoout it. ur course,not all suggestions can be put intoeffect, there may be reasons whythey cannot that you are not familiar with. But, out of what havebeen considered , as "kicks" havecome some of the greatest improvements of to-day.It's indeed a mean man whom thecandidatctorjoffice-rspeaka illagainst.years, which occurred at the familyhome in Harlan, at an early hourTuesday morning.The little fellow was , stricken'several days ago with pneumonia,which developed into peritonitis.An operation was performed inhopes of saving hislife, but the disease had progressed too far for med-.ical science to combat successfullyFor a time there seemed to b6 someimprovement, but, his weakened con-rstitution gave -way, death, resulting?Besides his parents,, he is survivedby two brothers, Sanford Allen Alverson and -Jesse M. Alverson, Jr.,who had been with theirNaunt, Mrs.Louis Rogers, near Paris,, for severaldays.The body was brought to Paris,and taken to the home of Mr. andMrs. Louis Rogers, where the funeral was held Wednesday aftrnoon,with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. The interment followed in the Paris Cemetery.HENDERSON' Dr. Dan R. Henderson, agedsixty-one, a former resident of Parjs,died suddenly Monday at his homeon South Hamilton street, inGeorgeto-yn. Dr. Henderson hadbeen in apparently good health, andarose at the usual time, but after asliort time complained of not fpplineriwell. He was not thought to bedangerously ill, and a physician wasca'lled, but Dr. Henderson died before he arrived.Dr. Henderson will be remembered here as a pupil at the oldCitySchool, where he was noted as anall-round athlete. His school dayswere spent here, when his father,Rev. Dr. J. A.endeson, was pastorof the Baptist "church. He was abrother of the late Dr. Harry Henderson, for many years one of thebest-known ministers of the Methodist church. Dr. Henderson hadbeen in the drug business in George-!town for the past thirty years, andwas well-known throughout CentralKentucky.Dr. Henderson is survived by hiswidow, who was before her marriageMiss Pattie Moore, of Georgetown,and three children, M. Daniel Henderson. John Daniel Henderson, andMiss Mary Harper Henderson.ALAMO2:00 to 5:00PRICESAdults 30cChildren 10cSAVE MONEYBuy Book TicketsAdult Book5 TicketsChildren Book15 Tickets...-.On Sale at Box OfficeSJI-ooGRAND7:00 to 10:30PRICESAdults . . . s'. v 30cGallery 20cChildren 1 OcFRIDAY Alamo Matinee and Night. FRIDAY2 BIG FEATURESBetty Compsonin "Always the Woman"It's a Goldwin Picture a drama of the flaming love of the desertBands. . ''Fred Stonein "The Duke of Chimney Butte"A real Western star in a real Western picture.Saturday Alamo Matinee and Night SaturdayTOM MIX in "SKY HIGH"I The daredevil of the screen in a drama chuck1 full of thrills a romantic stunt story of the Grand Canyon of Arizona. vAL ST. JOHN IN "STRAIGHT PEOM THE FABM"PATHE NEWSMONDAY Alamo and Grand MONDAYRAYMOND HITCHCOCKin ' ' THB BE A UTY SHOP'A Paramount Cosmopolitan comedy drama of Beauty, Pep, Romanceand that thing called "Love."HARRY MYERS IN "ROBINSON CRUSOE" ANDPATHE NEWSrGeorgetown Methodist church, off 0NE WAY TO GET AN EDUCA- j BIG CAVE POUND' NEAR WH,which he had been a devoted mem- TTfVKr - ,. fflxa W1L)een a aevotea mem- TIONber, with services conducted by Rev.O. B. Beck, assisted' by Rev Dr. Ira Some time 'ago, -writes a subscriberBoswell, pastor of tbe Georgetown . to The Youth's Companion, I wasChristian churchy The interment traveling in- Europe with a youngfollowed on the family ot in the lady who lived in a small town wayGeorgetown Cemetery. Down East inn Maine, and who wasine paii-oearers were: Honoroary more generally informed in the his-Dr. A. B. Coons, Dr. F. C. Collins, tory, literature, art and music ofcountries we visited than those whohad lived in and had the advantagesof a large city. "Where were youeducated?" i" asked. I was broughtup in my home town and on TheYouthis Companion." was her reply.And this same liberal education isin The Campanion for anyone whoTry it for a year andDr. W. C. Coffman, Dr. J. E. Pack,Dr. D. B. Knox, Dr. H.'v. Johnson,DjE. C. Barlow, Dr. I. F. Heath,DrJ. C. Thompson, Dr. F. F. Bryant, Sr., Dr. S. S. Ammerman, Dr. A.Stewart. Dr. McGinnisC. H. Arnold,O. T. Golden and D. .L Parry; ActiveThos. Jenkins, John Montgomery.Prof. George Ragland, Harry j will seek it.Craig, R. F. Off utt and George Ham- ' see.brick.CONCERT IS POSTPONEDParis people- wfio contemplatedattending the Mary Garden concertat the Woodland Park Auditorium, Iin Lexington, November 1, havere- Iceived information ft) the effect that )the event has been postponed. MissGarden, who is in Europe, has been'very ill, and was forbidden by herphysicians to sail from abroad before November 4. A Lexington engagement will be probably made forMiss Garden for some time betwc'November 29 and December 22.The 52 issues of 1923 will becrowded with serial stories, shortstories, editorials, poetry, facts andfun. Subscribe now and receive:1. The Youth's Companion 52issues in 1923.2. All the remaining issues of1922.3. The Companion Home Calendar for 1923.All for $2.50.4. Or include McCall's Magazine,the monthly authority on fashions.'Both publications, only $3.00.THE YOUTH'S COMPANION,Commonwealth Avenue and St. Paul-Street, Boston, Masi?.. MOREWhile digging for water on thefarm of Jake Corman, about twomiles from Wilmore, the men whowere working there discovered alarge cave and explored it for a longdistance.The entrance to it is quite smalland has heretofore been .unobserved,but once inside it the cave is roomywith a large "stream of water running through, it. Curious rock formations hang from the roof andstand up from the floor.Robert, Luther, George and JakeCorman entered the cave and wentabout two miles through it. Theysaw no end to it. As it was late inthe afternoon they returned to theentrance, but expect to explore inin the near future. It would appear that tlys is by far the .largestf.and most interesting cave that ha3yet been discovered in this section.Two of the curious formations infhecave were brought to the Wilmore Enterprise office and are therefor inspection by anyone who desires Vo look at these odd rocks.When a man gets the hives hascratches as if he were in the busyB class.Fall FootwearBargains!For All This WeekcAmazing values. Brand new Fall styles. Greatselection. Shoes and Oxfords for every member of thefamily at one-third less in price. Buy your jiew FallShoes at this store and save the difference.' -The funeral -was held -Tuesday aN -ternoonCatkth&eeioeV5 ini tfc r,A great value special offering 'Ladies' newest style Patent LaceOxfords, Tan Oxfords, Tan LaceShoes, low and medium heels, newd J J Awing tip. Special Sale $3,49 andfBlHLadies' Tan English Lace Oxfords,low rubber heels, all sizes. jpSpecial at T. . ..JI.JJJjMen's newest fall tan dress Shoes;blucher and new English lasts.ifi mWorth more. Special at bu.uuvMen's Tan Dress Shoes, rubber g Apheelg. . Special 'at. L JZ.wuMen's Scout Shoes; Tan and Black. fSpecial at $1,95 and' . . .-.. jl.JJLadies' and Growing Girls' new fallstyle Tan Lace Boots; rukDerf A flEheels, a real value. Special at. JJJjSchool Shoes Better Shoes for lessmoney. Misses' and Children's.Tan Lace Boots. All sizes, S04 AAup to 2. Special sale H.UwBoys' newest style ' School Shoes.All solid leather. A surprisingvalue. All sizes, 1 up to 6.jJa ATspeciai -!!Z.3JBoys', and Youth's $3.00 School. AAShoes. All sizes. Special J bJJJJChildren's Kid Shoes; sizes- 2 to 6. AASpecial ...... JjjJCIt Pays to Buy at This StoreVPOSNER BROSDAN COHEN STAND336 MAIN STREETIk- "-,11- -